Service 6/5
Everyone is nice, well trained and super accommodating. It's more like a serving team than one main server but they got our order correct and brought us extra bread upon request. The bar was backed up so drinks took a little time but after the first round all went well.

Drinks 5/5
If you're sticking to the happy hour budget/menu then ask which drinks qualify for happy hour prices. We both enjoyed our mixed drinks and wine with dinner. The wine was really lovely and a good buy for the venue

Food
I highly recommend the happy hour options but my friend wanted a meal so we shared the happy hour gnocchi app 5/5
It had really great texture and flavor

Dear friend visiting from Texas ordered the squid ink pasta with seafood 5/5
She loved it but I'd a taste and it wasn't my style

I'd the tomato basil spaghetti 4/5
I was dying to try it and the pasta was cooked perfectly but I've to be honest with you, my marinara/tomato basil sauce could kick Scarpetta's saucy behind. At $20+ it should not have had that tinny taste . It was a nice serving though, a much bigger portion than most of the photos convey.

Summary
I love the bread, the drinks (happy hour options only) and the service is great, I'd go back for happy hour for sure!
Great service, amazing food, awesome interior.  It's a fantastic place to wow your date.

When you talk about Scarpetta, right off the bat, it's their service. Through out dinner, someone will give you the proper utensils for each course. Someone will exchange your plate without asking.

Must have: bread and dessert!

Bread: 4 different kinds of bread that comes with a side of olive oil, eggplant, and cheese.  They are so good that you will want a second.  Don't ask for the 3rd because you need room for dessert!

Tuna Susci: Beautiful presenation. Fresh tuna. It would be great if it comes with a tat of wasabi and soy sauce.  I know I know, it's not Japanese!

Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli: I was expecting some duck meat inside, but I couldn't find any.  Maybe it's blended with foie gras.  But hey, it's foie gras!  The sauce makes it perfect!

Espresso Budino: an espresso icecream ball on top of the espresso mousse with sprinkled hazel nuts. It also comes with two biscotto on the side. OMG, it's so good.  Full of espresso flavor. The mousse is so smooth.
I had the pleasure of being able to stop by Scarpetta earlier this week and indulge in their latest creation. In collaboration with locally-distilled Stateside Vodka, we are talking about the city's first boozy pizza. 

Not only is the dough vodka-infused, the creamy blush sauce, ricotta, and sun-dried tomato all have notes of Stateside Vodka as well. It's not overpowering at all and certainly apropos for the Happy Hour crowd. I appreciated the bright acidity from the sun-dried tomato, which helped to balance out the richness of the ricotta and blush sauce. Easily enjoyed with a cocktail or two. By the way, drinks are half-off during Happy Hour Sun - Fri from 4-7PM! 

The majority of Scarpetta's small bites are $6 during Happy Hour as well. The bread basket came with two favorites in particular - the broccoli rabe embodied South Philly flavors and a prosciutto roll-up offered up the salty savory flavors that satisfy with a proper drink in hand. The wild mushroom arancini were deftly fried, with al dente risotto within. There are several crostini on offer - we enjoyed a funky, yet sweet gorgonzola spread, with red-wine poached figs and crisp green apple on top. 

Crispy Fritto Misto [$13]
Calamari, shrimp, squash, eggplant, herbs 

The fritto misto is a must. Not at all greasy, these were perfectly fried and allowed the calamari, shrimp, squash, and eggplant to shine. And the fried lemon slices? Really made each bite and easily enjoyed! 

Gnocchetti Fritti [$9]
Ricotta salata, fonduta, prosciutto

The fried gnocchi were light within, but great texture on the exterior. Each bite was well-seasoned as well, with a burst of salt from the prosciutto and ricotta salata, along with the richness of the fonduta.
Some seriously good Italian food! We sampled the appetizer and pasta sections of the menu with dishes ranging from great to fantastic. They use truffle in a lot of dishes to build some great flavor profiles. All the dishes were well portioned The service was fantastic despite them apparently being understaffed, but you would never know. The desserts were rich and decadent but perfectly done. I would strongly recommend the banana bread!
The new spot in Philadelphia for quality Italian.  The food is elevated from your basic Italian menu to Michelin quality dishes.  

For starters the fluke crudo and tuna dishes are light and tasty.  The calamari is enough for two people and well balanced without the usual hot peppers most restaurants serve alongside (instead you get thinly sliced zucchini in a light breading).  Don't forget the beet salad as a light and bright starter to share at the table as well.

For mains, the duck and foie gras ravioli has to be the best dish...not to take away from the snapper, rib eye or pasta dishes, they're all good; but seriously, the ravioli is the single best dish here!  Order one to share in addition to another entree because it's so rich and amazing, it might just spoil your appetite for the rest of the nite (and you def. want to leave room for dessert!).

Dishes are served as individual dishes but all should be treated as family style and shared because they're all so good tasting and unique!  Come her with a date for a romantic dinner along the windows and look out onto the park, come with a group of friends and take one of the circular booths along the wall, or have a business meeting or double date int he middle at a 4top.  

The bar downstairs is nice for grabbing a quick drink, be sure to check out their house drinks, they're unique and a great way to start the night while you wait for your table.  If you forgot to make reservations, don't worry, there's seating around the bar where you can still order from the menu.
As you stroll out of the picturesque Rittenhouse Square and through the revolving doors of Scarpetta, the ultra-modern Italian restaurant and bar that recently opened in The Rittenhouse, the feeling is almost instantaneous. "Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore."

From the warm and sexy lighting to the bumping bass, the bustling staff and the attentive hostesses, Scarpetta feels like you've been transported to a hip Manhattan joint. Everyone we saw, from dates to businessmen, girls groups and buddies, was dressed to impress. The wine flowed like water and the bread baskets flowed like slightly-doughier water.  Scarpetta is a place to see and be seen, a place to bring your boss, a place to show-off to your parents, and a place to woo. I've gotta confess:

I loved it.

Remember that bread basket I mentioned? Yeah, that bad boy is filled with some flawless, airy and crunchy foccaccia AND house-made stromboli. Served alongside mascarpone butter, citrus infused olive oil, and an eggplant spread that wouldn't quit, we definitely had them refill this basket (....twice).

The options for the crudo were honestly the biggest challenge we had as every dish looked better than the last. In the end, we had three of four options (don't worry tuna, we'll be back for you!) Scarpetta manages to elevate each dish in a way that not only let's the quality of the fish shine but accentuates the natural flavor with expertly chosen garnishes. Our favorite was the  scallops. The pea and aleppo purée brought a zip to the smoothness of the scallop flavor I'd never experienced before.

The primi piatti that spoke to my date and I was something we'd tried at their preview party: Braised short ribs of beef with vegetable & farro risotto.

As expected, it didn't disappoint. It merely melted in our mouths.

Scarpetta's signature dish is their spaghetti, a flawless example of the classic dish. But I suggest you get at least one more pasta dish: the duck & foie gras ravioli. Velvety, rich, and drizzled with a marsala reduction, this is easily the most delicious pasta I've ever tasted. Each pocket was stuffed with a perfect blend of tender duck and creamy foie gras.

Dry-aged ribeye, featuring trumpet mushroom, cipollini onion, fingerling potato & truffled spinach. Our "Carne" choice, cooked medium rare and served pink and juicy.

Dessert was affordable and delicious, so splurge why don't ya?! Scarpetta is a place to be spoiled, and to spoil someone. It's a place I could easily write a thousand words about, but I'll leave you with these six:

Just go. Eat here. Be happy.
Very impressed by my first visit to Scarpetta!! 

The place is very swanky and trendy, in a very large upstairs dining room with floor to wall windows and a grand staircase. There's tables and booths, and properly spaced throughout so I didn't feel like my table was on top of my neighbors. 

The food was absolutely phenomenal. First of all, probably the BEST bread basket you'll ever get. Three different types of fancy bread with 3 different dips! Including olive oil, mascarpone cheese, and an eggplant spread. Yumm! 
For starters we had the baby potatoes and raw diver scallops. The diver scallops ($15) were amazing!!! Melts in your mouth. Great flavor. 
For entrees we had the duck fois gras ravioli ($27) and the lamb chops ($37ish?) Both amazing!! I loved the rich flavor in the raviolis. The lamb chops were COOKED PERFECTLY, so tender, served with a delicious garbanzo bean purée, artichokes, and kale. Loved it!!! 

Service was also fantastic. The place was mobbed but our server was still very attentive with drinks and helping us with the menu. Overall fantastic experience and delicious food. I want to come back ASAP because there's so much more on the menu that I want to try!!! I really want to try the octopus app but it was $20 so I'll have to save it for next time. Bravo chef!!
One of Philly's most impressive new restaurants. If you were a fan of Il Pittore (RIP), you will want to dine at Scarpetta. The execution and flavors of each plate were excellent. If you are looking for fine dining that is actually worth the money, forget about half the dull white tablecloth steakhouse chains and go here instead. 

The polenta is incredible; it tastes like something you would taste at your nonna's home. The signature spaghetti dish is simplicity at its most brilliant; it skips the typical 'business' of a sophisticated pasta dish for a recipe with a handful of ingredients. The al dente house-made pasta was the perfect anchor for a tomato sauce that was superior to those of many South Philly mainstays. Short rib & bone marrow agnolotti was one of the most well-balanced dishes I've had a at Northern Italian restaurant, with the sweetness of the meat elevated so wonderfully with horseradish and garlic (but not drowning in either).The portions are not as small as many upscale restaurants tend to be...imagine, not feeling cheated and actually loosening your belt at a swanky spot! Other highlights include the yellowtail crudo, smartly dusted with coarse salt, the very fresh 'susci', and the goat entree. The wines are on the vibrant sider (loud? can you call a glass of wine loud?) but good! The cocktails, which I had 3 of on my first visit, were even better. 

The atmosphere is far superior to that of its former space, Smith & Wollensky, who's owners should have been arrested for criminally underusing the space. Instead, you have lots of dark wood complimented with some knotted rope, and no drab tablecloths that seem obligatory in a sauce-and-meatballs Southern Italian joint. It's elegant, understated and cozy all at once, and the large space doesn't feel sprawling so wherever you sit feels intimate.

As soon as you check to make sure that direct deposit $$$ hits your account, you should be thinking about your reservation at Scarpetta.
Went for dinner on a Friday night with 3 other people. Can't beat the location. I have had drinks in Miami but have not actually eaten at any of the locations. I was very excited to see it open in Philadelphia. We had reservations at 9 and had a drink at the bar first. The bar was uneventful and dark even though service was friendly. Would have liked the bar tab to be able to be transferred to our table but they said no.

The restaurant atmosphere upstairs was much more lively. We started with the tuna and the ricotta appetizer which were both excellent. The bread basket had two different kinds of stromboli in it. That will bring me back for sure. We tried 4 of the pasta's for our dinner and by far the best was the duck even though it was very heavy. The service was excellent which I had heard differently so I was happy that they seemed to pull it together. We also tried 2 of the server's recommendations for dessert which were tasty. 

Overall, I would recommend. Some of the pasta was good, most was not the best we ever had but we know what to get upon returning. The price was not as bad as expected and can get away with it being $100 or less a person and leaving satisfied.
What a mess. Our company booked our holiday party here and it was just horribly disorganized. From the wait staff having no idea what they should be doing to the bad attempt at family style service to them outright ignoring people. Food was served family style which clearly this restaurant has either never done before or doesn't understand the concept. You have eight people seated at each table, 3 on either side and the two ends. That means you have 8 place settings and silverware as well as drinkware to try and set plates of food around. Logic would dictate to most to serve dishes in larger volumes on fewer plates so that they can fit on the table and be passed for self-serving. Nope all course were plated as if they were individual portions and then brought as five or six plates each. So that ended up with about 12 dishes on the tables. So it was constant game of who's space gets lost to set down the plate. This was the case for all 3 courses. Also they were served with no serving utensils. When i asked for some I was told we should use our individual spoons. Holy cross contamination Batman! Hope no one has food allergies! Oh wait several of our people did. I demanded the server bring us serving spoons for the appetizer course to avoid this problem but really I should not have had to ask. I have been to many restaurants that serve family style food. Serving utensils are always provided. Even personally at home I provide utensils for each dish. Why was this not the default? The main course was a some problems but worse because servings of fish and chicken were brought out un-sliced but the beef was sliced. What? Also the beef was cooked to death. The pasta was over cooked and gluey. At this point I opted out of eating anything further.
Delish! What a wonderful experience and setting! The location is perfect - right next to Rittenhouse Square. 

Came here with my family and we love Scarpetta. We've been to the one in Miami multiple times so we were excited to see it here in Philly!

The service was excellent and the food was great! My husband and I started with the Tuna Susci appetizer which was very fresh and tasty. For dinner I had the Short Rib & Bone Marrow Agnolotti (yum!), my husband got the Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli (favorite!), my uncle got the Cavatelli with Oxtail (very rich but good), and a few others ordered the basic Tomato & Basil Spaghetti - Everyone was very happy with their dish! I would highly recommend coming here!
Executive summary: trendy spot, cool bar atmosphere well-separated from dining space, food tasted great, overpriced, slow but friendly service - total 3.5 stars but rounding up to 4 on the yelp scale.

My friends and I went here for restaurant week. I've been dying to try this place because I'm a huge fan of Italian food (who isn't). I'm glad I came during restaurant week tho because, even though the food was delicious, I don't think there's a good quantity/price ratio at this establishment. We picked our items off of the restaurant week menu and then compared them to the ala carte menu and we were glad we were able to snag a table during the awesome deal that is restaurant week.

For starters, we tried all of the apps offered on the menu (since there were four of us and four options). To be 100% honest, I thought everything was lacking salt, especially the fish options. Our table favorite with the yellowfin tuna prepared with pickled onions. For entrees, we all ended up getting the branzino because 1) we'd all heard that it was great and 2) it was really the only thing we felt drawn to. Other options included a spaghetti in red sauce, organic chicken breast, and a parpadelle prepared with rabbit ragu. The branzino was great though! I will say, that ala carte the price is the same as the restaurant week deal and I would have been upset to pay that much for the serving size (this is what I mean by quantity/price ratio). For dessert, I had the chocolate cake with caramel ice cream and it was amazing! A friend got the olive oil cake, which was delicious as well. My biggest qualm about the evening was that it was really slow service and the dining room didn't appear to be that crowded so we couldn't really figure out what was taking so long. 

I could see this being a fun place for a drink on a date (the atmosphere is great for that) and I'd maybe come back for the food on a special occasion but I'm not sold on this quantity/price ratio. I just didn't see the value.
Disappointed. I had huge hopes! 

AMBIANCE:
Lovely. I like it dark and romantic. Tables were a little too close.

FOOD:
Hits and misses. 
Diver Scallop w/ black truffle, pea & aleppo - excellent
Duck & Fois Gras Ravioli - excellent
Black Farfalle w/ frutti di mare - insipid
Chilean Sea Bass - very good
Roasted Capretto - very good
Brussels Sprouts on the side - undercooked

SERVICE:
This is where I was most disappointed. While our server was friendly, it felt as though he was on auto pilot. It was hard to ignore him as he rushed through his memorized shpiel at every table: "Here you'll find the first courses, my favorite is the polenta. Here you'll find the pastas, my favorite is the Tagliatelle. Here's the meat dishes, my favorite is the Ribeye. Tonight our featured sides are Brussels sprouts and the broccoli rabe, my favorite are the Brussels sprouts". And so on. I ordered the fish, my friend ordered the goat. I must've missed the spot on the menu that said fish comes with brussels sprouts and the goat came with broccoli rabe and it would've been helpful if our server pointed this out to us since he was pushing the Brussels sprouts AND we ordered them without knowing that we were already getting a healthy dose of green. It was just strange. Maybe he had too many tables.
My husband and I dined here on Saturday night, ahead of the Philadelphia marathon. We chose this particular restaurant because they were listed as a partner for the marathon. That being said, there was absolutely nothing that would indicate a partnership, other then the fact that pasta is on their menu and that's what runners eat. We were disappointed that there was not more effort made by the restaurant to participate and cater to the runners. Alas, we still had a good meal. 

The highlights: The food! The bread basket-- as other yelpers have said, it's a gem! Focaccia, calzone, round roll, and a stromboli with some beautiful dipping options! A fabulous start to the meal. I had the basil gnocci with lobster. The lobster was stellar, the flavor was good, but the gnocci was a little too mushy for my tastes. My husband had the bolognese, and he loved it. Perfect portion size, delicious and filling. Just what he needed to run his race. To start, we shared the polenta, and that was amazing! Creamy, delicious, and full of flavor. We did get dessert- I had the valhorna chocolate cake and my husband had the apple tart. Both were tasty, the apple tart was just a bit better, in my book. 

The meh: The service left a little to be desired, honestly. Our waiter, Seth, seemed like he might have been having an off evening. He dropped silverware from an adjacent table, a plate from our table, and always seemed to look past us when speaking to us. He certainly did have a lot of table, so his so-so service might have just been a distraction. 

Mild complaint: When we were leaving and trying to get our checked coats, I witnessed some unfortunate cattiness between two of the hostesses discussing a patron that made me a little uncomfortable. An older party had been seated next to us, in a booth in the center of the restaurant. They requested to be moved to one of the more private tables, overlooking the park. I witnessed the hostess oblige this party, and happily move the party to their requested table. However, she then followed us downstairs, and openly mocked the two patrons to the other hostess staff, and within my earshot. I felt that this was highly inappropriate and unprofessional. Given the price of the meals at this restaurant, I can certainly understand wanting premium seating for a special occasion. Nobody should be mocked openly for that. 

Overall, the ambiance is fantastic, and the restaurant was very romantic. We enjoyed our meal thoroughly, and found the food to be the reason to return. There are definitely more menu items that I would go out of my way to try here and would return for sure.  I stand by a solid 4 stars because I think that given how busy Philly was for the marathon, the service issues perhaps might have been a one off. I would recommend that others try this restaurant.
Restaurant Week 2018 has given me a new favorite spot for upscale Italian in the city!

Ambiance:
Scarpetta is dark, sleek, and sexy. Upon arrival you're guided up a set of dark stairs to the upstairs dining room. We were lucky enough to be seated by the window which gave us a beautiful view of Rittenhouse Square. This is definitely a dining room that impresses. 

Food:
Let's start with the bread - best breadbasket I've seen to date. Besides normal fresh baked bread, you're also given stromboli and vegetarian stromboli which is delicious! You're given three spreads - my favorite is the marscapone. 

For appetizers we enjoyed the raw yellowtail and the polenta which were delicious and well portioned. The pasta is where Scarpetta shines. Nothing beats the warm texture of expertly crafted hand-made pasta - even a dish as simple as spaghetti with tomato sauce becomes a fond memory at Scarpetta. Finally - our dessert was tasty and satisfying. What a fantastic dinner!

Drink:
The wine list at Scarpetta is short and sweet. It has everything you'd expect with many reasonably priced options - this is not the place to discover something exotic. The recommended cocktails were delicious and inventive - and the bar had no problem preparing a stellar classic vodka gimlet or old fashioned for me. 

Service:
The service is what made the evening. Our team of waiters was always available, but never overbearing. The minute our bread basket emptied the bread guy showed up to offer a refill, my water glass was never more than halfway empty, and our plates never sat empty for more than a minute before being cleared. Beyond simply knowing their stuff, the servers here seem to genuinely care about the guest experience and going above and beyond to make it a great one. 

Value:
With pasta dishes ranging from $20-$40, Scarpetta is pricey but WORTH IT. The overall experience is unforgettable and I am already looking forward to my next visit.
Chic in Philly!
Food 3 stars
Atmosphere FIVE!
It's the closest thing to NYC we've seen...
Good looking"ish" crowd...
Chic decor & good food!

DeF drink here!!!
(I didn't see the bathroom but I'm assuming it's clean because many kept going in to do coke... assuming that as it had many repeat offenders in short periods...)

On my return list!
Scarpetta is... nice, but it's Instagram nice. The decor is splendid; it's a truly beautiful space in a lovely neighborhood, and at night, the lights twinkling over Rittenhouse Square Park make a magical scene. On the evening we visited, the crowd was glamorous, international, and VERY well dressed -- we passed a guy in obviously custom-tailored white tie on the way in, and I've never seen as many Gucci handbags in one place as in Scarpetta's main dining room.

So it's very beautiful, and if you want a high-end romantic atmosphere, it's hard to do much better. At least on the night of our visit, Scarpetta looked and felt like being in a luxury perfume ad.

But if you're there to eat a meal of actual food, and you care about how that food tastes, I don't know that I'd recommend the place. It's fine, certainly. Everything is fine. Nothing is actually, memorably *bad.* It's just sort of bland and under-seasoned and not up to the standard of excellence that the surroundings (and price tag) suggest. There's no finesse to the cooking, and no real care shown for the ingredients.

That $22 ice-cream scoop of spaghetti comes in a very basic sauce with no special magic to explain its price tag. It doesn't have the depth of flavor that you'd find in a South Philly red gravy joint and it doesn't have the bright freshness you'd get at Kennett Square's Sovana Bistro. It's fine, but it's not actually *good.* For a single scoop of basic spaghetti at $22, that's not exactly a resounding recommendation.

The filet comes glossed with chicken jus. Why? It's perfectly acceptable jus, but a good filet shouldn't need that. A good filet, and at $42 I would *hope* that's a good filet, shouldn't need anything to stand out. But at Scarpetta it will come with a painted gloss of slightly sweet jus, which to my mind is something that typically gets used to cover substandard ingredients and/or preparation with a gloss of faux luxury. I'm not into it.

Everything we tried was about on that level. The bread was fine. The cocktails were fine. The desserts were fine. But for what it cost, and for the splendor of its setting, it was all decidedly underwhelming in context.

If you're there because you're staying in the hotel and it's too much trouble to walk across Rittenhouse to a place that serves actually good food, and money is completely meaningless to you, and you're there not to eat but just to be among the beautiful people, that's not a problem. If you're there because this is a special occasion and you've saved up time and money for a splurge, it could be really disappointing.
Nice restaurant, right in the hotel where we were staying, so we decided to order some take out.  For starters, we decided to get the Arugula Salad, then the classic spaghetti and the basil gnocchi.  Everything was really good.  My favorite was their classic spaghetti, which was simple and came with tomatoes, basil and some garlic... and was cooked perfectly.
Came here for restaurant week with a friend and had a great time! They have the classic deal of $35 for 3 courses. We started off with the creamy polenta and the risotto as appetizers. The risotto was well-cooked and seasoned and came with 2 pieces of shrimp on top! For my entree, I got the spaghetti and she got the Branzino. The spaghetti wasn't my favorite - it was a little bland and the pasta was a little over cooked for my liking. It was a very generous portion, and I had lots left over. But they have a weird system where they give you a ticket that you present on your way out to get your takeout food. And obviously I forgot to hang onto that ticket and forgot my leftovers!

For dessert, I got the coconut panna cotta which was my favorite part of the meal! The coconut icecream had chunks of coconut and paired perfectly with the panna cotta. My friend got the chocolate lava cake, which was rich and divine. Overall a great restaurant week experience! 

It is located right on Rittenhouse Square and the views of the park are beautiful.
This place is decent. They are still working out an above-average menu, with a decent staff to support it. There is truly nothing notable. I ordered the veal, and it was over-cooked. I can't come up with anything other than "okay" for this place.
Really amazing atmosphere, very energetic and ambient accompanied by 5-star service. The bread, the drinks, the food, the dessert with compliments from the house was all better than our expectations
Scarpetta will be excellent... in a few months. Unfortunately, what could have been an amazing experience was ruined by cold food and arrogant service. The entire meal was rushed - 5 pasta dishes and 2 entrees within 35 minutes.  In terms of service, not once were we asked how our meal was, not once did we feel as though we were taken care of.  First course arrived before cocktails. The food was great, albeit all was cold/room temperature.  Due to a new restaurant, it felt as though dishes were pre-prepared and placed under a heat lamp to pump out of the kitchen.  Multiple times with food on the plate, we were asked if they could take the dish away.  While the servers may have been trying to tend to the table, it was entirely too rushed and we felt as though they were trying to turn the table over quickly.  3 stars is because the flavors were definitely on point.  However, when you spend higher end prices ($100/person), you should at least expect people to be NICE (you opened five days ago, why so jaded?) and food to be served hot.
Among the worst dining experiences I have ever had at a Philadelphia restaurant. We were seated 45 minutes past our reservation time, only to then be served an awful bread basket that I imagine would be indistinguishable from the bread basket served at Olive Garden. The fried calamari appetizer was all fried, with oil noticeably staining the paper napkin over which it was served. This pathetic first dish was followed by two pasta appetizers: one was fair, the other - a basic spaghetti in red sauce for $22 - was tiny and tasteless. The sauce was so thin, light and weak that it was barely noticeable in sight or in taste. We next waited for what felt like an eternity for our main dish. Of a mere four meat options to choose from, the restaurant was out of the veal tenderloin, which was of course the one that my guests and I wanted. This left us with few other choices at this allegedly "Italian" restaurant, a classification very much up for debate. I had the branzino, which was in all fairness, fair (maybe a 7/10). It was definitely the best thing I ate, which doesn't say much. When we received the check, we politely informed our waiter that the manager had offered to comp our drinks because we had to wait so long for our table. The waiter had the nerve to tell us that the second round of drinks wasn't supposed to be comped but that the restaurant would still take them off the bill. Here's the clincher: this exchange occurred after the waiter offered a dessert on the house that we declined! The least they could have done was comp the drinks, as we were noticeably unhappy with our experience. Thus, the service lacks in professionalism to the same extent that the food lacks in taste. Strongly suggest avoiding this place.
Have been to the one in Montauk and it was much better, although not amazing. 
Not a fan of writing bad reviews but this place was very disappointing.
The service  was  pretty good with exception of the sommelier, a cocky Italian guy who was way too loud and didn't know much about the wine he sold me, although he thought he was an expert (in a suit that was a couple of sizes too big)
The food:
The octopus was decent 
The crudo of the day was under-seasoned, almost bland, exactly the same for the steak tartare. 
The pasta was ok, a bit undercooked as the edges of the pasta were too hard and thick.
The dessert was good, I had the chocolate cake.
They have their own coffee blend which was pretty good.
My fiancée and dined here for her birthday and had a great time. Inside had an intimate dim setting with a bar downstairs and dinng upstairs with tables by large windows looking over rittenhouse square. Our server Geo was very knowledgable of the menu and answered any questions we had. We tried the Risotto, Lump Crabmeat Gnocchis and the Squid Ink pasta, which was our favorite. Excited about our food, we were talking to Alex in passing and he informed us their menu rotates so that was a new menu item, we were so glad we tried it. Later we were surprised to find a complimentary dessert was sent from Alex for my fancée's birthday. We found out after the fact that Alex was actually serving a party of the Flyers team of 25 plus. As busy as he was he sure made us feel like we were part of the team. Great food, great staff and service. Will be dining here again soon!
I have to say I had fairly high expectations of this establishment considering that the owner Scott Conant is a celebrity chef with a very critical eye of other people's work. 

I must compliment the the space & the staff both are top notch. Excellent service from a friendly staff. 

The pasta which should be their calling card was average at best. I had the Basil Gnocchi with lobster. The gnocchi were mushy & very over cooked. 

There is a lot of competition in the Italian food scene in Philly & this New York landmark has it's work cut out for it. 

If pasta is your thing & you are going to charge a premium for it you better get it right.
We made a reservation here for valentine's day dinner for 9:30 pm because it was the first one available.  We arrived on time but had to wait 15 minutes for a table (despite having a reservation) which was a little frustrating because it was already late and we were hungry.  The staff was not particularly apologetic but sat us at a great table by the window to thank us for our patience.

Once we were in the dining area, our experience was impeccable.  Our waitress was attentive and helpful without being pushy or overbearing.  Bread service was amazing (different kinds of homemade bread with a trio of mascarpone, infused olive oil, and caponata).  We ordered the grilled octopus and yellowtail crudo as appetizers.  Both were delicious but the yellowtail crudo was quite a small portion.  For entrees, we got the basil gnocchi with lobster and tagliatelle bolognese--both of which were lights out amazing.  We declined dessert but the options looked incredible. 

Can't beat the second floor dining room overlooking the beautiful lit up rittenhouse square.  Though this place is quite pricey, we would definitely return for special occasions.
This was my first time dining there - the food was good - started with oysters, beet salad and then had the short rib pasta. The shortfall was the service. We were a large party so I was ordering wine for the table - the waiter made suggestions- they were for the most expensive bottles. I ignored this and ordered what we wanted and then noticed that he kept opening new bottles without asking if he should do so - leaving us of course with full bottles at the end of our meal. It would have been appropriate for him to ask before opening them if we wanted to continue. I know he just wanted to drive the check up. Then coffee and dessert ordering and serving took forever - some of our group left without it - overall this place is for diners on an expense account.
Scarpetta was amazing. Everything we tried was on point, the bar downstairs has a clubby feel but upstairs is a nice dining room. Our server was a little over the top but whatever can't fault him for that.

The food - the creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms was delicious. So rich, so creamy. Great start to the meal. Entrees - the spaghetti was as amazing as everyone says. A very well executed, simple pasta dish. It tasted like a neapolitan pizza - the tomatoes were evident in the sauce, as was the basil. The duck and foie gras ravioli was so decadent. The short rib and bone marrow agnolotti was my least favorite, but still great - I could eat these pastas every day. We also shared a braised lamb dish that was tasty.

The dessert blew me away. We couldn't choose, so we ended up with three - the mascarpone cheesecake was rich, not sweet, creamy, and a perfect cheesecake. The coconut panna cotta in guava soup was really good too. The espresso budine had great flavor and textures. It was hard choosing a favorite, they were all so good. 

For the food and service, I don't think the prices are out of this world. You can walk away with an amazing meal spending 50/person
Beautiful downstairs bar is the first room that greets you!!! The food is amazing and the service is impeccable! Everyone is so professional and accommodating. This is my new favorite hangout!
The service is so bad!!! The food is just average...
We came here for restaurant week dinner, $35 for 3 courses, but they charged us $50 per person in the receipt.
This place is awesome! I had a work function there and I couldn't have asked for a better environment. The service was fantastic, the appetizers that we picked out from their menu items were delicious! All of my guest that I hosted couldn't stop raving about the environment, the service, and how great all the food and drinks were. I highly recommend this for your holiday parties!
This review is for the bar only. These drinks are fantastic. This happy hour is one of the best I have come across in Philadelphia. The drinks are strong and well crafted at SUCH a great price. I tried the San Remo and All Day Everyday drinks. My husband ordered 2 of the Palmero Old Fashioned. All three were awesome but the old fashioned was the winner. We also ordered the gnocchetti fritti which was salty but still really yummy. I'd definitely go back for happy hour and would like to try dinner too.
We came here with friends who raved about this place from a previous visit but were all disappointed this time around. It's a beautiful restaurant, but the meal was not great. I had the tuna crudi and it was just okay. My boyfriend didn't even want to finish his modest serving of lamb neck cavatelli ($25). I had the short rib & bone marrow agnolotti ($25) which was fine but not groundbreaking. The kicker was one of the people we were dining with had the scallops ($35) for literally exactly 3 scallops and garnish. That's over $10 per scallop. That's ridiculous as an entree, but fine. The most frustrating part was our server, ~Justin~ who was nowhere to be found for 45 minutes while we were waiting to take our order. We waited half an hour to pay the bill. It was a 2.5 hour dinner on a Tuesday, we couldn't believe how slow the service was given that the place was barely half full. 

Big plus, tho, if you get a pasta dish they bring it out with the plate cover which made me feel like royalty for a brief moment in between our being ignored and disappointed.
Came to Scarpetta for happy hour and really enjoyed it. 

Ambiance - very chic and stylish. The bar is flocked with well dressed people, and all of the wait staff wear sleek all black. 

Service - wait staff were friendly and attentive. 

Drinks - the bolla bacca and margarita Italiana, though pricy, we're both very sweet and tasty. Would definitely recommend. 

Food- all of the food we tried was delicious. The fried gnocchi were great, and the mushroom arancini were my favorite. They're huge and extremely flavorful. The vodka pizza in collab with stateside vodka is really cool and definitely worth a try as well. Oh and don't skip the bread basket!! It's full of some great stuff. The fog toast was delightful as well. 

All in all, def add it to your happy hour list.
I was expecting so much more.

Let's start with the greeting... there wasn't one.  We were greeted like strangers despite people in my party have been here several times in the past few months (though perhaps never again) and remembering the people working there.  

The food in general was bland.  There was also a wacky mix up when we ordered the Squid Ink Linguine with gluten free pasta.  It arrived as an undressed plate of pasta.  When we asked what happened to the squid ink sauce our waiter told us that they made it with the squid ink "in" the regular linguine.  Ordering gluten free means there was no squid ink.  When we asked why he didn't point that out when we placed our order he replied, "huh."  They did replace the dish with another gluten free pasta that actually included everything listed.  The only problem is by the time it arrived the rest of the table had already finished and was nursing the last of our second bottle of wine.

Speaking of wine, I understand that restaurants will mark the stuff up, sometimes quite a bit.  However, it seems unreasonable to charge $150 for a bottle of Cab that can be bought for under $30.  

All in all this was an uninspired experience.  With all the outstanding restaurants in Philadelphia I see no reason to return to this one.
Overall, food was excellent.  Tasty, fresh & eclectic.  5 Stars

BUT.....  service was abysmal.  Non attentive.  Had to ask for silverware.  Had to ask for water.  Had to ask for win refills (I bought bottles)... 

I almost walked out

Food is $$$$$$...... wine list is $$$$$$$$$.....  cheapest bottles are $70 range. 

Bottom line, when spending $200 per person (pre tip) it should rock.....  i spent $1,000 for 5 of us ..it didn't. 

I'll never return....
Probably the worst dining experience i've ever had in Philadelphia, as a server myself I was completely shocked. The restaurant to start off is gorgeous so I had high hopes. We sit down and our server was friendly but that's where it ends. We maybe saw him two other times throughout the meal. He took our cocktail order and food order and we never saw him again not even to ask if we wanted another cocktail. I ordered the lobster tagliolini which was super bland but expensive so I sent it back which I never do. No one asked me if I wanted something else, or what the problem with the food was. They took my entree off the bill fortunately but when I asked to speak to a manger we sat there after the bill was paid and heard the server running around saying he "can't find the manager".  We decided at the point it wasn't even worth it to talk to someone we just wanted to get out of there. Never felt so invisible and discarded during a meal. Never will go again.
Great food, decent service, and then it was tarnished by management - see end of review. Never coming back again.
The bar downstairs was great.  The drinks were very good and we unexpectedly caught the end of 50% off happy hour so it was a bonus.
The food is top tier and goes head to head with other top restaurants. Fantastic variety for the tasting menu and the pasta was delightful.  Main courses were decent, but I had high expectations after the first courses so there was a little disappointment.
We had one main server for our private room of 15 people.  He was nice and attentive, but initially stumbled over the menu multiple times telling us items that were not on tasting menu and provided no "value add" to the menu such as personal favorites or insight to certain items.  Overall he didn't add anything to the night, but he didn't detract from it. 
At this point the evening was going great until the end.  The server told us we needed to spend an extra $150 to meet our minimum and added a bottle of wine to meet it. We questioned this when getting the bill because we exceeded the minimum (before tip and we didn't include our bill from downstairs). Management proceeded to argue about this and only say "look at the contract" and "just pay the bill" after we asked to speak with the event coordinator. For almost an hour when we tried to explain that we indeed spent the minimum and then well exceeded it when taking into account the drink bill. It was embarrassing that this conversation even needed to take place and I felt taken advantage of because they assumed it was a "company expense" so we wouldn't question it. I have never felt this way at what should have been a high end restaurant. The GM eventually came up after 50 minutes and in seconds said we were fine.  It was too late by that point.  After this experience I will never come back again.
Great new sophisticated modern Italian, right in Philly's best neighborhood overlooking Rittenhouse Square. Loved the roomy central marble bar on the ground floor. The menu is cleanly organized and focused. Try the creamy polenta with mushroom reduction topping, the short ribs over faro appetizer a delicious early fall dish.  For secondi the moist roasted baby goat capretta was an herby and flavorful surprise and delicious! Their signature spaghetti with tomato basil sauce was simple, buttery, beautifully cooked fresh pasta. A sleek and thoughtfully designed interior, gentle lighting, generously laid out table spacing made it easy to have conversation with friends. Even the newly trained staff was on point, friendly and proud of the kitchen's skills. Go, worth it!
At Scarpetta, try out the basics. My favorite is without doubt spaghetti. It's literally spaghetti with tomato sauce & basil and it's to die for. Any fish on the menu is cooked just right. My favorite is black cod. Last but not least, don't forget to order coconut panna cotta! Not a big fan of panna cottas but this one is so delicious. Wine list also great. Taking out a star as the service could be on and off depending on the waitstaff.
We went here on a whim and were totally surprised when it turned out to be located at the Rittenhouse Hotel. We almost turned around to go to another restaurant but decided against it - better judgement on part of my friend. 

This restaurant is very unassuming when you first enter it. You will only see a lounge like space and a bar where few people were drinking and I thought okay, maybe it is not very popular. We thought this was it until the hostess asked us to follow her through a solid looking black staircase. It was a whole new world there - the actual dining space that is classy and very upscale looking also because of the kind of people that frequent this place.

When the server brought us the menu that's when we realized that it was part of Restaurant week and we thought might as well! I got the Creamy Polenta, Spaghetti and the Chocolate cake. The Creamy Polenta was a little thick and pasty and I did not quite enjoy it however I am not Italian so I don't know how it is supposed to be. The Spaghetti however was so flavorful and good - I don't usually like spaghetti but this one blew me away. Also - portion sizes were perfect! I was also not impressed by the chocolate cake honestly - it was a little too sweet for my taste but I wouldn't take off stars just because of my food preferences. I also had one of their cocktails - La Dolce Vita "The Good Life" - so pretty looking and tasty.

Overall, great place to wine and dine especially for a romantic date!
Im hoping on perhaps my next visit I could bump up a star or two! The space is beautiful...the downstairs bar is fantastic and I excited about having a nice big upscale bar in the area. Our service was great, lots of people checking in on us. They start you off with little slices of their calzone which was AMAZING. I wish they offered a whole loaf of that as a meal! We ordered the tuna and calamari misto to start. Here was the more disappointing part of our meal. First of all they came out freakishly fast...everything did. I felt like our meal was over in 40 minutes...I would have preferred a longer more relaxed meal. I was confused by the tuna as it was almost like a roll which I just wasnt expecting. The tuna itself was excellent with the truffle oil but the vegetable inside I thought just werent necessary and distracted from the tuna. The fritto misto was nice but it didnt come with any sauce. If it was just grilled calamari/shrimps I wouldnt expect a sauce but I feel like fried calamari and such needs a little something on the side. We asked for marinara sauce and they brought it out no problem, and I thought that added to the flavor well! 

For mains we got the short rib agnolotti and the veal. the short rib agnolotti was out of this world! I will come back here anytime to eat that! A definite must try, so rich and delicious- and a good size portion as well. I am not a veal fan but my date said it was delicious. All in all, some hits some misses...I would come back, especially to visit the bar.
Scarpetta is a welcome addition to the Rittenhouse restaurant scene. It's much better than the steakhouse it replaced. I could tell that from the moment the hostess welcomed me at the door with a smile.  I went to Scarpetta for lunch. I ordered the prix fixe menu, which consisted of a bean soup, their famous spaghetti, and chocolate cake for dessert. The soup was better than any bean soup I have had before. The spaghetti was as good as advertised. I generally would not eat spaghetti without meat, but this spaghetti is so good that I didn't miss the meat. A perfect plate of freshly made pasta. And the chocolate cake? Well, it's chocolate cake. You can't go wrong with that! And I can't forget to mention the bread basket before the meal. It was an excellent selection of bread, with a stromboli being the standout star of the basket.

The only negative was that they don't seem to realize that during the week people may need to get back to work after lunch. Service was very slow, while other restaurants do an express business lunch that gets you back to work in an hour. I'm looking forward to trying Scarpetta for dinner, where the leisurely pace will not be a problem.
We came to check out Scarpetta during Restaurant Week and we are glad we did! 
The experience, atmosphere, and service alone warrants this a 5 star rating! The cherry on top was the food! 

The bread in the beginning was delicious! It was accompanied with a dish of olive oil, eggplant spread, and mascarpone butter. A nice little start to get us ready for the rest of the meal!

For the 1st course, my wife got the polenta (it was customized vegetarian) and I got the salad. Both were very good! 

Next, for the main entree, we couldn't pass up the opportunity to try Scarpetta's spaghetti dish with tomato sauce and basil. We both got the same dish, because honestly we didn't want to share. After we tried it, we are glad we both got it, because there was no sharing! Easily the best spaghetti dish we've had. It was phenomenal to say the least and we would come back here just for this!

Finally we wrapped up the meal with dessert which was the Bombolone. This was was essentially a few fried doughnuts with blackberry sauce and orange gelato on a bed of crushed pistachios. The doughnuts were a bit dry but the gelato was excellent. This seems to only be on their restaurant week menu. 

In the end, this place is amazing. We sat upstairs with a view of Rittenhouse Park and it was beautiful! Our server, Alex, was incredible and was on top of everything. Our waters were never left less than half full, ever.
The food was average at best. Both pasta dishes we had were salty. It took three different steaks to get cooked the way I wanted it to be. The manager was rude when talking to me about how I wanted my steak. The meal was too expensive to have average food and rude service.
I know that a critic has not given a favorable review regarding this restaurant. I am Italian and I lived in Italy for over 15 years.  Those times that I do go out and eat Italian, I don't eat what is considered Italian by the masses. No chicken parm. No spaghetti and meatballs. No veal parm. I typically do not go out and eat Italian because personally nothing measures up to my standards and my mother's cooking. But la Scarpetta not only met my expectations but exceeded them. From the raw fish appetizer to the homemade pasta, the branzino and finally dessert, each dish was handcrafted to savory deliciousness. The service was hospitable, yet professional, and extremely on top of all our needs! Ennio, Tomaso and Al (our waiter) truly know how to make a night super special.
This place is simply awesome! They have such a good menu and their food and service never disappoint, I don't give 5 stars only because it is super pricey (expected due to its location, but still!). 

The mushroom polenta is the best thing you can ever eat!
A fancy Italian place overlooking Rittenhouse Park....

The service and food here is phenomenal.  I ordered some foie gras ravioli and it was delicious.  However; there were no more than 10 tiny pieces of them.  Execution of flavors are excellent here, but basically everything that was served from appetizers to pasta dishes were incredibly small.  I wished the server told us this before we ordered, I would have probably ordered two entrees.  Besides that, everything else here was great.  House cocktails are amazing....try them all.

Final thoughts:  Portions are tiny and expensive (glad I didn't have to pay).  I think they should be accurately labeled as small plates.  I enjoyed the experience here, but I went home still hungry and made a sammich.
Excellent food and great service. Completely disregard Nick C's recent review. Nick apparently thinks a Saturday night out at a hip center city restaurant means a stuffy quiet night out with the parents  and his review couldn't be more wrong. Nick C  and his party should have just went to the country club for the early bird special. I'm pretty sure he was the only one not enjoying himself. And as a side note, the table you speak of were hardly drunk and tipped the wait staff generously unlike Nick C who didn't tip at all. Maybe Nick C needed a beer to lighten up and pull the stick out of his ass. I'm
Pretty sure I saw him holding his mommys hand walking out. If you want to enjoy excellent food and fine service go to Scarpetta. I had the Duck and Foie Grois ravioli which was superb. The other people at my table loved their selections. Oh, and get a Gimlet, it very well may have been the best cocktail I've had in awhile and I consider myself a craft cocktail connoisseur. The view overlooking Rittenhouse Square was spectacular. The music was at just the right sound level and the lighting was perfect.
What a great place! We were celebrating a birthday with a group and enjoyed incredible food, drinks and service. The ambience is energetic, hip and fun. The food is excellent - best we've had in a long time. It was an absolutely perfect evening and we tipped our servers very well - awesome group of people. 

There was a lame family near us who complained about our table after the fact, using it as an excuse to leave no tip for the staff.  Subsequently, the immature mutant named Nick C. left a negative review for the restaurant which should in no way reflect on the staff or the management.  This cowardly group of people waited until their meal was over and left the area yelling things at our table as they ran out of the restaurant with - believe it or not - a grown man giving our table the finger as he descended the stairs. Surely this wasn't the first time they will have tried to extort a manager for a free/discounted meal, nor will it be their last. 

It's unfortunate that in this industry, you run across the occasional group of people who for whatever reason, have nothing better to do than complain about a routine situation. All I can say is, everyone else in the restaurant was quite pleased tonight and I see no other negative reviews, so judge for yourself!
I was in town for an event at the rittenhouse hotel, and as I was heading back to NYC on a later train, stopped by the restaurant early in the evening to ask if they accept take out orders. I was told yes by the bartender, but when I returned an hour later to place my order, I was told by the very same person that they "don't take takeout orders because it doesn't travel well". Am I drunk or are you schizophrenic? Considering that I was willing to drop $$$ for fine dining takeout and they didn't accommodate my request (without even asking what I wanted to order), this customer service is appalling.
I went for a business dinner with 3 other colleagues and didn't realize it was restaurant week. I wanted to order off the regular menu while the others wanted restaurant week. However the waiter said no that we all had to do one or the other. I asked why and he said they couldn't let me just sit there while everyone else ordered apps and i said that it was my choice bc i don't have room for an app tonight (also my entree was going to be more than the price of restaurant week). He talked to the manager and still declined. I think that was ridiculous. After that my colleagues insisted they didn't want restaurant week menu and that they'd eat off the regular menu. The food wasn't even that good -- especially for the prices. I would not go back.
Overpriced, a little pretentious. Waiter was trying to upsell everything so much it made dinner a little uncomfortable. Food was ok, view was excellent.
The service is a bit ridiculous. Nice restaurant, good wine list but honestly? They literally glare at you every time they pass your table and it's horribly awkward. There's a fine line between waiting on a table and doing a good job (you should be attentive and there when needed but otherwise "invisible". Take a tip from European restaurants! The service is typically classy and impeccable and doesn't matter what type of place you are in.) This is however a nicer restaurant and no one wants to be stared at while they try to enjoy a meal or a conversation. What a sin that they haven't been trained properly. Needless to say, my date and I laughed it off after but they need to cut out this "deer in headlights" thing. Awkward. 
Other than that, I can say my beet salad was very good but the spaghetti, which as I understand is their signature dish, was not...I could make a much better tasting spaghetti sauce at home. Portions are tiny, expect to be hungry later.
Really enjoyed our dinner here last night! The food and service were both fantastic.  I had the duck and foie gras ravioli and they were perfectly plump and full of flavor, I could have eaten 150 of them.  I also had the diver scallop, which was very good, but a bit too salty.  The raw yellowtail was also a salty, but the quality of the fish was very high.  They must be sprinkling sea salt on top of the fish or something, and might be a bit heavy handed with it. The halibut was perfectly cooked, I'd definitely recommend it. I had the espresso budino for dessert and it delicious, but Barbuzzo on 13th street wins in the battle of the budinos.  Awesome place for a date night, anniversary, or any special celebration.  Ask for a table overlooking the park!
Our meal at Scarpetta was nothing short of perfection. My husband and I were seated at a table overlooking the park (you may want to request this if you're worried about previous reviews regarding noise level), and service was great from beginning to end. The bread basket with stromboli and regular bread came with a trio of butter, olive oil, and roasted peppers. We started with the raw scallops (him) and beet salad (me). I personally don't like raw seafood, and the beet salad is a great option for anyone like me. The beets were flavorful and the crema on the side was a nice accompaniment. Next, we shared the black farfalle pasta with a seafood ragout. This was outrageously good! I had to stop myself after a couple bites so I didn't fill up. Their pasta really is a must-try, even if it's just to share a dish before the entree. Then, hubby had the branzino and I got the striped bass. Both were outstanding, I don't think I've ever eaten a piece of fish so quickly. It came with brussel sprouts which I usually hate, but they were actually delicious. Last, I opted for the banana bread pudding and he got the cheesecake. I am a bread pudding fanatic, and this satisfied me perfectly. It was very warm and came with banana brittle and a variety of dipping sauces that made it even better. I know their espresso budino is supposed to be the best, but I will go for the bread pudding every time now! 

In terms of the noise level complaints from previous reviews, I really don't see how it's any different than other popular Philly restaurants on a Saturday night. It was packed and people talking creates noise, so what do you expect? There was music playing, but I didn't find it intrusive or difficult to understand my husband. And the entire experience took about 2 hours, so we didn't feel rushed at all as others stated. We had plenty of time to chat in between courses and look out at the park. I am not someone who is easy to please, but Scarpetta hit all the right notes for me!
So, the service was EXCELLENT! Our waiter was amazing. The staff was very knowledgeable on the food and the preparations.  The delivery on the descriptions from our server was equally as passionate. They were attentive and defiantly worked in simpatico. Hats off to the wait staff you were amazing!  Now, lets get down to the food.  As most people think they are foodies, we are defiantly the foodies type cause we are cooks ourselves.  Our food experience was good, not bad, nor mediocre. Not fantastic, not exceptional, but good.  This was our second time back and experience was pretty much the same as our first.While we would come back with friends who wanted to try this venue, there are other places that we find more traditional "Italian philly".  Again, with two visits the food was consistently good, But us Philadelphians are tough on our Italian food.Thank you to everyone involved for a memorable evening.
Food was good and we were having fun until when my son went down to get us a surprise drink from the happy hour bar. After we already had one at the table for full price. The manager came up to us and said we can't do that and made a bigger thing then he should have in front of the whole restaurant. It was our first visit and now to embarrassed to go back. Great job on making guest feel welcome.  Why are they worried about a few bucks when we spent over $300 for the 4four of us.
Over priced beverages and food. Very loud to the point where it was hard to hear the waiter let alone the person across the table from you. Four of us felt we were rushed and service was very dramatic. So if you're looking for a relaxing dinner, this is not the place. Although the polenta with mushroom  fricassee and the black farfalle is to die for the pappardelle with rabbit was very bland. Food was not hot and served to us warm. Desserts at $12 each very disappointing and small as were all the menu portions. Will not be going back to  Scarpetta anytime soon.
What a beautiful restaurant nestled inside Rittenhouse hotel. The view is spectacular -- best in Philadelphia as it overlooks Rittenhouse park -- and the ambience is modern and sleek. They have a nice wine selection and bar tucked away on the first floor. Service was wonderful as our waitress Mary Carmen "MC" catered to our every need. 

The food itself was very good, if not slightly overpriced which is a function of beautiful view / ambiance and top-notch service so don't mind the slight premium. The scallop and truffle crudo is delectable, one of better starter dishes I have had in Philly. In comparison, the tuna crudo disappointed since there was a slight fishy smell when it arrived which threw us off though it tasted fresh. 

The pastas are incredible, best in town. They are all handmade fresh in house. The spaghetti is a very simple dish with fresh tomato basil where you can taste each ingredient from the freshly crushed cherry tomatoes to the garden picked basil. At $22, it may be overpriced by $2-4 but once you taste it you won't mind paying. The foie gras & duck ravioli are delicious as well with a rich creamy explosion to each bite. Definitely recommend both of those dishes to share for the table. 

For entrees, we shared the veal tenderloin, farfalle pasta with squid, and order of octopus. The veal itself was properly cooked and delicious. The sides with which if was paired could have been more creative and complementary to the meat itself. For instance, the polenta would have been better served soft with mushrooms accompanying it akin to the appetizer than its more hardened, potato like form for this entree. 

As for dessert, these might be the best I've had in Philly. The flourless chocolate cake with hazelnut gelato is absurdly good and feels like a sinful lava cake without feeling as bad about what you just ate health wise. The cheesecake is not to be done, made from a light and airy ricotta cheese overtop a freshly ground graham cracker crust which is crispy as it is light.
My new favorite restaurant. The atmosphere was beautiful but how can it not be beautiful in the heart of rittenhouse square. Located on the second floor, it was a short flight up to a beautifully decorated space filled with light fixtures and sleek decor. The waitstaff was great especially with our table of 10 people. The appetizers were delicious albeit small portions but I blame that on us being a group of 10 with hungry appetites ;p. We had scallop carpaccio, grilled octopus, and lobster salad. It all had Mediterranean flavors with the citrus and olive oil. For entree, I had the sea scallops and my husband had the steak. Both were well prepared and the portions was huge. When it comes to expensive restaurants, it's always small portions/big $$. But Scarpetta provided us with big entree portions which is pleasant. Definitely coming back here.
Visited Scarpetta for the first time on a recommendation and we are so glad we did. From entering the service was top of the charts. Every employee we encountered was friendly and attentive (without being over bearing) and the food was excellent. We started with drinks, a perfect old fashioned and a margarita Italiana that were expertly crafted, then octopus and pork belly, both delicious. We were sent a complimentary fois gras ravioli that was off the charts good. Then entrees (we really went overboard!) scallops and filet, the most tender scallops I have ever had and my husband was in heaven with his perfectly cooked steak. Our server Greg was so nice and friendly, an overall great night spent at Scarpetta. We will be back for special occasions for sure.
Very nice service. Exorbitant prices for Italian food. Lovely upscale feel. Would only choose for a special occasion. It's just too easy to get excellent Italian for far less.
I was pretty underwhelmed with my experience here overall. The view of the park is unmatched. I liked the wine selection and the atmosphere, but the food and service were not what I expected.
I cannot rave about Scarpetta enough! It was the first time that I ever came here to eat and had the best experience. 

When you first walk into the restaurant, you walk into their bar area. Music was playing and it was very lively. It was just my sister and I eating dinner so we chose to sit upstairs in the dining room, where we can talk. 

We got seated in our server, Natalie's, section. She let us take our time looking over the menu, answering questions we had, never rushing us. She was very kind and helpful. The manager, Daniele (yes I asked how to spell it), would check up on us very often to make sure we were doing well, as well has help clear our table and reset it. 

I don't have a very extensive palette when it comes to trying different foods and was very scared to order anything I wouldn't like. Daniele suggested some of his favorite dishes and what champagne and wines paired well with it. He is charmingly convincing, especially because I was very nervous to try rabbit. 

We ordered the raw yellowtail to start off (he recommended this dish and a champagne to have with it). This is a MUST have! It was my favorite. We also ordered Brussels sprouts (minus cheese and capers), diver scallops (another must have), braised short ribs of beef, pappardelle, short rib & bone marrow agnolotti, and finished off with the cheesecake, espresso budino, and warm banana bread. 

Every time we finished a course, we had our plates and utensils cleared and got new ones. Daniele checked on us to make sure we enjoyed what we ordered. Our first Brussels sprouts came out with cheese on it because we forgot to order it without; Daniele remembered that we told him we couldn't eat cheese and he returned it back to the kitchen for a new one without us even asking him to. He really is the best! 

I would return back time and time again! I loved it here!
From the moment you come in the door, you're greeted by beautiful smiling faces who appreciate the fact that you came to celebrate at their wonderful restaurant. At the bar, Pete or one of the gorgeous bartenders will serve you a drink to your liking. The sparkling wine, mixed drinks and liquors are perfect. Tonight Shawn waited on a group of about 16 friends. Carly and Kevin suggested we go there. I cannot thank Carly enough for the wonderful friends that gathered tonight as we celebrate so many blessings together. The only thing more amazing than the dinner and the great service, was the beautiful friends in the room and the fun we had tonight! Carly and Kevin made tonight so special! 
I strongly recommend this Rittenhouse Square Philadelphia restaurant if you want the best!  Seriously five stars!
One star, because I cannot give zero. 

I have numerous allergies that were communicated to the restaurant well in advance. I also reiterated my allergies upon arrival and was informed in advance that they knew of my allergies and I would be well taken care of. So, allergies? I have celiac disease. I'm also vegan. I'm allergic to soy. I'm a restaurant nightmare. I get that. 

First course? I was served a salad with a questionable cream dressing that I was assured was vegan. I didn't eat it. 

Second course? Was served a penne that the said was vegan, without conviction. I didn't eat it. I had another member of the wait staff come to the table and assure me the meal was safe; that they knew of my food issues. Again, I didn't touch it. 

Third course? I was proved a risotto. They said it was vegan and gluten free. Finally, a course I could eat! Five bites in, I was told it wasn't rice, it was farrow. Immediately, I ran to the bathroom and made myself sick. 

The manager attempted to apologize. I told him it was BEYOND unacceptable. They served me an allergen and KNEW i was allergic. He then thought to ask how he could make it better. How do you make it better? I will be sick for DAYS because of their horrific kitchen protocols and lack of concern for customers with allergies. 

How did it end? The manger told my event coordinator that my consuming the food was MY FAULT, despite that they were informed in advance that I had allergies. They said they were not responsible. Um, no. This establishment is HIGHLY liable for my autoimmune response to their careless contamination. This type of reckless concern for patrons could result horrific outcomes... imagine if my reaction to gluten has been Anaphylaxis? Would they have cared then? Shame my reaction isn't immediate and will last for the next two to three days...

When I left, I was confronted by yet another manger who said he'd like my doctor's information, if I was so concerned about my health... a complete violation of privacy. What does it even matter... My reactions to gluten are not immediate. They take about 12-18 hours to occur. Was he insinuating that this establishment is concerned about long-term impacts to my stomach? Any celiac knows our reactions occur in the days following contamination but the problems are long-term. He told me he understood because he had a shellfish allergy. How I wish I could take a shot to the leg and my life would be better. How tactless. How appalling. 

Beware. Stay away. This place should be shut down.
I had high hopes for Scarpetta, but found it to be just OK. To start with, I'm certain our complimentary bread was re-heated - the items were chewy and dry. I also found the restaurant to be very noisy. 

We tripled-down on fish with the Yellowfin app (our favorite), Sea Bass, and Turbot (which I tried on the waitress' recommendation after they were out of the Black Cod). I also liked the Burrata with very fresh tomatoes.
Had lunch here on a cool fall day! The location is good and I enjoyed eating while overlooking Rittenhouse Square. The staff was friendly and the decor was rich. 

For me, bread is always a main staple to a great meal, well you surely won't be disappointed if you try this restaurant. The waiter greeted us, explained the menu, then returned with three different bread selections. One of the bread choices had eggplant in it, another had italian meats in it, and the third was a simple herbal blend. I found the "stromboli" bread as the waiter called it DELECTABLE! In fact, the bread was so good, we asked for more and was quickly obliged. 

To start the meal off, I had the arugala salad. While I love salad, I found the salad to be over powering. The salad was served in huge leaf form with little to no dressing on it. For my entree I had a chicken dish. The chicken was perfectly seasoned and quite moist. Quite frankly I am an avid fan of white meat only yet was unable to tell if the chicken was white meat or dark meat due to the moistness of the chicken. I also was able to try the spaghetti. The spaghetti was perfect. You could taste the rich sauce accompanied with the perfect hint of garlic.  For dessert, I had the chocolate cake. I am not a fan of chocolate cake so for me, the cake was just ok.

The only issue I had with this restaurant was the amount of time it took for our food to arrive. The food was good but the service was slow. If you are working with strict guidelines for a one hour lunch, this may not be the place to go.
Hidden Gem in Philadelphia! The service from the hostess, to the waiter, to the manager, to the master Chef Mike, and the group in the  kitchen was outstanding!. I live in Philadelphia and have been to all the surrounding restaurants on rittenhouse park and this one is my favorite! Best views of the park no doubt! They even brought me out a special birthday ice cream and candle to celebrate! Pork Chops and pasta were phenomenal + grilled octopus.  Master chef Mike and staff are so gifted and will take care  of you.I highly recommend you try this place out. I will definitely be back! Thank you!
Nice ambience and food. Loved the market fish. Have never had such crunchy and buttery fish. The kush kush was too good too. Had team dinner so enjoyed the place fully. The only issue is with menu as it's pretty limited and not much vegetarian options. Also doesn't have names translated in English.
Food was american, not italian. Everything we ordered was very average. Bland. Not much to any dish. Very plain food. 

The restaurant is beautiful. The service was a ten. Everyone was so nice. I would have sent back the meal but id have felt guilty because the staff was so generous and professional. 

However, no matter how beautiful and how great the service, it cannot make up for homogenized average american plain tasting food. I have no idea how this restaurant is open in philly. Must get a lot of tourists. Maggianos is more italianish. I ordered a glass of wine that tasted like super purple. The four star yelp rating must be harvested or paid for. 

Will never go back.
When I asked my sister visiting from California where she'd like to dine to celebrate her first dental residency interview and early birthday - this is where she decided on. She had been to the Scarpetta in Las Vegas but only had their spaghetti and was excited to try the more expansive menu at the Philadephia location. Great view of Rittenhouse and amazing ambience. Came at 6 PM on a Wednesday night and we were 1 of 2 tables seated. When we left around 8-8:30 PM, there were at least 12-14 tables - most of which were older professionals in suits, making us among the youngest people there. 

Food Review:
Opted for the $60 prix-fix menu so we could try as much as possible:
Crudo of the Day - two small slivers of fish but really delicious and left me wanting more. One had finely chopped avocado, the other finely chopped tomato (missed what kind of fish it was which is kind of the point of a review so I apologize). They do explain everything to you though when they put it down on your table.
Cavatelli with Lamb Neck ($25, extra add in addition to prix-fix menu) - my favorite out of the pastas we got. , Flavorful, hearty, tons of lamb and came in a large bowl.
Basil Gnocchi with Jumbo Crab (normally $35 on its own)- Pretty plain. It's expensive because of the generous portions of jumbo crab but would've ordered 2 of the Tortellini truffle instead. 
Tortellini Truffle ($25 on it's own)- extremely flavorful. Only comes with 5 tortellini.
Australian Lamb Chops ($42 on its own) - comes with 3 lamb chops. Would recommend medium (was still pretty pink on the inside). Great seasoning and flavor.
Duck Breast ($29 on its own) - crispy duck breast (5-6 pieces) cooked exquisitely. 
Espresso Budino ($12 on its own) - highlight of my boyfriend's meal. Espresso on the bottom in a generous sized cup (same size as the one they give you water in)
Almond Torte ($12 on its own) - would not recommend. Almond portion of the cake was pasty and sour, just not my style.

Summary: Prix-fix menu is worth it if you're trying to try as much stuff on the menu as possible. If you order the lamb chops and basil gnocchi together, you're already getting a better deal with the prix-fix menu option. Otherwise, I'd recommend the lamb chops a la carte or a handmade pasta. You can order as much bread as you want (a variety basket including: one like pizza, one foccacia, one french bread, one spinach calzone-y). We waited quite a while between our 2nd and 3rd course (we were told the lamb chops were taking a while) and also, they kept mixing up my orders with my sister's who was sitting next to me and even gave the congratulations dessert plate to me instead of her! Oops. Regardless, great fancy dinner for special occasions. Waiters could have been more attentive, our final bill was $228 before tip so hope you're ready to splurge if you're going to come here.
Hands down the best Italian cuisine I have ever had !!! This place is magical. We came here expecting nothing. In fact I was feeling kind of sad that Smith and Wollensky was no longer here. But what an amazing surprise I had waiting! We were seated right by the floor to ceiling window overlooking the Rittenhouse Square. Our server attended to us shortly after, immediately making very positive impression by being very knowledgeable and detail oriented. Throughout the whole dining experience we had nothing but polite and unobtrusive attention from multiple staff members. Major thumbs up!!! Now the food . The food was out of this world!! Every bite of every course was just exquisite! Dish presentation was also nothing short of culinary art! Scarpetta is truly a multi sensory experience. I am looking forward to dining here again !
Today is Restaurant Week last day. I made a reservation for 5 people. The restaurant has good view, but our table was not next to windows.
We dependent on the restaurant week menu to order some food that is delicious, especially yellowtail salad and chocolate cake. That's good!
I'm reviewing the Pasta Making/Wine Tasting class:

It was awesome!!!! I seriously did not expect to have so much to eat and drink and to have so much fun! We were greeted with Prosecco right away in the downstairs bar area and got to relax for a bit. Then we were brought upstairs to the private dining room where 3 wine tasting were laid out. We had a round of small appetizers (Gorgonzola cheese crostini, Tuna, olives, and prosciutto). Then we were able to refill our wine and continue to the kitchen to learn how to make pasta from scratch. Chef Mike was seriously the best at explaining things and you could tell he was passionate about food and his job. I made the best pasta ever and it was such a treat to be able to enjoy it with fresh breads and a small group and have a nice outing! Our finale was some ice cream and chocolate sort of dessert.  Loved it for the price!
Justin was amazing server the food outstanding tonight!! 
The big issue I have is with the manager who had the balls to comment on a broken after dinner drink that our party of 8 had at the table.  The glass was knocked over by accident and the manager who came over with 4 staff members to clear our table in obvious attempt to get our party of 8 to leave had the audacity to comment on accidental broken glass.  I'm assuming the 1008.00 bill we had which is prior to the tip wasn't enough to cover the accidental broken glass!!  Next time you have something to say my friend speak to the customer and not a backhanded shitty comment to your waiter who had zero to do with it.!! 
Rest assure this complaint won't end here I just prefer to make your clientele aware of how shitty you feel about your patrons!! 
If you're confused as to who you are it's the bald guy with facial hair wearing the vest ! 

Thank you
I was visiting my girlfriend in Philadelphia and she made a reservation at Scarpetta because it was near her apartment and had availability on a Friday night. What was expected to be a pleasant Friday evening turned into an infuriating dining experience.
 
To start, we were seated behind a pillar and no one attended to us for the first 15 minutes. I noticed four Caucasian girls were seated behind us after us and were immediately greeted with menus and glasses of water. Our designated waiter realized we were waiting without menus after flirting with the four girls for a good 5 minutes. (Fred C.) had a look of -oh shit- written across his face. He finally came by with menus and asked what type of water we wanted.
 
After taking our order, we still did not receive our water and two Caucasian girls were seated next to us. We finally received our water after they served us our drinks. Then, we noticed the girls next to us received their bread basket, and yet again, our table did not. Our appetizers came and still our bread never came. We had to bring it to the waiter's attention and THEN he immediately brought our bread basket over.
 
It was becoming difficult to feel like this was not an act of discrimination. We brought it to the attention of the manager and he responded with "Sorry, it is really busy. We will give you an extra dessert." I am not sure why he thought dessert would fix everything and he completely ignored the fact that we felt neglected throughout the entire dining experience thus far. It felt like he wanted the dessert to shut us up and it would make up for all the mistreatment at a dinner I am paying for with my time and money. It seems obvious a restaurant would be busy on a Friday night, and so why was that an excuse? Did he want a pity party? Did he want us to sympathize with him and manage the restaurant for him? I've been to busier restaurants with impeccable service despite the crowds. (Honestly, it wasn't even that busy for a Friday night.)
 
Finally, the bill came and instead of charging my girlfriend and I for the glass of wine we ordered, he charged us each for a bottle. I was livid and done with the entire experience at that point. I probably should have walked out the first 15 minutes. Safe to say I will not come back just to pay to be treated with negligence for an hour of my life I will never get back.
The bar downstairs was great. The food was below quality for their price point. 
Somehow we were overcharged about $80 per couple. Our bar bill implied 10 cocktails per person ( We were a total of 19 people)
It took the management 1/2 hr to figure out what they did wrong. They would not give us back our original incorrect credit card merchant charge, saying they threw it out. Didn't comp us for anything. 
Would not recommend dinner there. Thanks
What a disappointment in service tonight.  Ordered dinner at the bar for my husband's birthday.  When a waiter came out to serve us the bread basket, he couldn't get it to us with the large column sitting behind us.  He moved down to the corner and gave it to the bar server who pulled pieces out of the basket and gave it to the 30 year old guys next to us and added it to their basket.  We never got bread until after served our meal, which at that point was unwanted.  Guys next to us never even ordered dinners, but thanks to their bar server, they had plenty of bread!  Us 50+ year olds were not treated appropriately.  Food and drinks were great, but service is what ultimately makes the meal.
Incredible experience at Scarpetta. The food was amazing and the service was fantastic. 
We started with the yellowtail crudo and the octopus both of which were a great treat. 
the Foie Gras ravioli is otherworldly. a savory wonderland of deliciousness. The Filet was also noteworthy, fantastic sauce accompanied a perfectly cooked juicy piece of meat. 
Our server Glenn was very knowledgeable of the menu and treated us supremely well, the som on staff Bart was also super helpful getting us set up with some great wine. 

would recommend this place to anyone. great food and great people. will definitely go back.
This restaurant benefits unfairly from its proximity to LaCroix and other fine establishments in Rittenhouse Square. In truth, Scarpetta is a fraud: spoiled wines served by a misinformed wine-master, overpriced dishes passed off as being more elaborate than they actually are, and a mismanaged kitchen that will have you getting your appetizers and entrees all at the same time.  Some of the servers are genuinely sincere, and the vibe can be truly cool and metro feeling. It's not the first restaurant that could benefit from some hands-on front-line management of staff and product, but it might be the best recent example of a restaurant that needs such management.
I used to frequent Scarpetta all the time. I went back recently and the quality of the food unfortunately has declined. The spaghetti was cut into small pieces and they got rid of the fresh pomodoro sauce. Their duck ravioli was so salty it was almost un-eatable. Not sure what happened to this place, but there's plenty of other overpriced pastas I would pick over this.
My husband and I dined here this past weekend for Restaurant Week in Center City and it was one of the best experiences we've had in a long time! Alex was our server and he was super knowledgeable about both the restaurant week menu and the regular menu that was offered. He was able to offer his recommendations on cocktails and drinks that went really well with our food! We really enjoyed the scallops and yellow tail appetizer, tagliatelle bolognese and branzino main dishes, and coconut panna cotta as dessert! With the outstanding service and food, we will definitely be returning for dinner in the near future!
First off, the food was delicious and amazing. No complaints there. However the service was horrendous. Party of four on a Sat night at 7:00. It was busy, but there were empty tables so not insane. We ordered appetizers which came promptly along with a lovely basket of bread. No one came and checked in with us on the appetizers. Eventually a bus boy came along to refill water and we asked for some more bread. No bread ever came. We waited ONE HOUR for our entrees. After we complained about the wait, the entrees miraculously appeared. We asked AGAIN for more bread. Nope. Nothing came. Manager must have gotten wind of our long wait so he came over and asked how everything was and we again told him about the wait and the fact that we never got the extra bread. He apologized but still no bread. When we left, we reiterated our experience with the manager, and he gave us his card and said please come again and we will "readdress" the issue. What he should have done was comped us for dessert or coffee or a drink or SOMETHING. That would have been a nice goodwill gesture and left us feeling like we were heard. Nice place, good food, but service sucked.
I think this is the worst place in town as far as food quality and selection. The music is so loud, you can't hear anything or anyone,
Came here for the first time and couldn't wait to come back so I came back a month later! The food was amazing both time. The service was off for the first time but the second time around, our waiter was much friendlier. 

There drinks are great! The negroni is one of my favorite, I'd recommend the margarita if you want a lighter taste.

The varieties of bread are made in-house and come on the table still warm! They pair very well with the 3-option dips. The raw appetizers are fresh and nicely put together with little dabs of sauces. You can't go wrong with the grilled octopus either beside the sausages that comes in the dish, kinda weird and doesn't begood for sharing for 2, or else the table will be fighting 3 mins into the meal.

My favorite entree by far is foie gras and duck raviolis. Flavor is super rich and the portion is plenty! Coming close is the lobster something raviolis. Yummy too with the plating sauce!

The spaghetti is also a must try, although simple, but there are no way to express the flavors without trying it.

Clams squid ink pasta was my friend's favorite. Very clammy flavored!

The short ribs risotto wasn't the crowds favorite, you could try if thats what your heart desire but I'd recommend to skip it. Or maybe the dish will be better for you than me

Chocolate cake was pretty good! Warm on the inside with a cold scoop of gelato? Ice cream? 

PS. The chef came by and dropped of a testing pasta plate on our table. THANK YOU CHEF! He said it was the Italian styled fish sauce pasta. Simply made with a recipe that was made hundred of years ago. They should definitely permanently put this dish on the menu!

Will be back, when the menu changes..
I had been waiting for a special occasion to go to Scarpetta for since it opened and it did not disappoint. The food, drinks, and service were excellent. From the over the top fresh baked bed basket (that includes stromboli!) to the uniquely Italian cocktails, our experience was even better than expected. 

I had read a lot of 5-star reviews so I was expecting impeccable service and even with the hype it was better than expected. The waitstaff was not only extremely knowledgeable about the menu but gave really thoughtful recommendations. It was clear that they were passionate about the food and making sure all patrons got the most out of their dining experience. The GM greeted us when we walked in. Having an Italian GM certainly ensured the authentic experience of the restaurant. He was extremely helpful and even provided champagne in honor of celebrating my birthday. It was also refreshing that he invited us to come experience Happy Hour to come back even while paying half the price. 

As for the menu, every bite was better than the last. Started off with the yellowtail crudo and grilled octopus. Both were prepared perfectly! Octopus was grilled to perfection and so tender. The crudo had the best chili salt on top. Since this place is known for its pasta, we decided to order 3 pasta to share as a main course and I have no regrets! The tomato basil is a MUST. I'd compare it to getting a really good charcuterie plate or simple sashimi. It's extremely simple but prepared so well that you almost forget you're paying $24 for a (small) plate of spaghetti Pomodoro. But trust me, it really is that good. The duck confit ravioli was definitely the highlight. The marsala reduction drizzled on top made the dish so savory that I will remember it for years to come. It was so full of flavor but not too heavy at all. We also got the squid ink farfalle with seafood. Also delicious but nothing compared to the first two. Every bite of the meal was so delicious that all I could think about was when I'd be back. 

If you need a special occasion meal, look no further than Scarpetta!
Stay away ! We were a party of 19 
The menu was preselected (great choices) 
It would of been $80.00 a person plus tip and tax and drinks 
And the food was delicious and servers were hard working when then the bill came and they padded the bill ! They  over charged us more than $ 500 over the amount it was supposed to be 
And came up with every excuse in the book 
The manager said sorry for your inconvenience ..... really?????? 
It took 45 minutes of all of us standing around 
Screaming we want our money back 
Stay Away!!!!
Food was 3 1/2 stars easy, maybe a 4. The service was a 4, especially the sommelier who was helpful and gracious! The ambiance a 3. Nothing special, neither upscale or romantic. Prices are reasonable considering your eating in Philly.

Braised octopus was delicious. The duck froie gras ravioli were exquisite. Just a great bite!! My filet was cooked perfect and was a beautiful center cut. Great sear and the mushroom and vegetable mix was cooked perfectly. Only downside was the demi glaze which I thought took away, rather than added to the meal. My wife's rack of lamb I thought was on the rare side of medium rare, but it was a nice serving. The side that came with the lamb was wonderful. Can't tell you what it was, but my wife loved it. 

Sommelier treated us to a glass of Prosecco for our anniversary and decanted our 1999 Brunella because it was a special vintage. No corkage fee!

It was a wonderful meal and it's only a 4 because I'm a tough grader. Don't hesitate to book a table!!
So it was my last night in Philly before the move down in July. I'm out with a group of friends, and we had a reservation here since he heard great things. I guess we walked in through the bar side, and at first we thought we were eating in a club/lounge. Luckily, we made our way to the front and found the main entrance. Place is nice and swanky. Plenty of people in blazers and suits. Ladies dressed to the nines. Seated quickly, and the servers were friendly. Everyone got their own dish, but we all tried each other's dishes. I got the tagliatelle bolognese. Super soft noodes, sauce was a perfect texture (not too soupy but not too thick), and the meat was a generous portion. I tried the agnolotti stuffed with short rib and the taste of that was amazing. There was also a duck and foie gras ravioli that was amazing, as well. Portions were all of a generous size. The windows overlooking Rittenhouse Square would make it a great date spot.
I've ironically only been to Scarpetta previously in Vegas and never in NYC which is only 25 miles from home. 
   Regardless Scarpetta delivered exactly what I wanted-- their iconic spaghetti dish. It just tastes like summer-- the fresh basil and fresh tomatoes and the perfectly cooked pasta. Their bread basket is amazing as well-- and I left the Stromboli bread to my husband. 
     Minus a star because it was really warm in the restaurant and we had a 9pm reservation. Ironically two glasses of wine each (Cab and Sav Blanc) cost more that our food but we did stick to pasta as it was a hot night, the restaurant was warm and those factors aren't conducive to heavy meals. 
    The service was excellent. The table behind us allowing their toddler to run around and scream while the father dropped f bombs left and right certainly weren't the restaurants responsibility. 

    If I could eat their perfectly cooked spaghetti every day I'd be beyond happy
Lovely time! I went to Scarpetta for the first time for Restaurant Week and really enjoyed both the food and the experience!

When we arrived the power was out on the second floor (where the restaurant is- the bar is on the first floor) and we were greeted by the assumed manager who told us of the delay (the power was out all throughout Rittenhouse) and gave us a drink on him at the bar. He was so attentive and apologetic and honestly not a bad deal getting a free drink for waiting for 20 minutes! Later we were brought upstairs and seated by a friendly hostess and apologies for the delay.

Like most Italian restaurants, a highlight of the meal was the bread basket. In their's they have STROMBOLI! So good! Also all of the dippings for the breads were amazing too especially the eggplant tomato concoction. Because it was restaurant week we each ordered an appetizer and entree which all were so so good! I had the raw tuna appetizer (melt in your mouth good) and then the spaghetti (simple and so delicious- I almost finished even after eating practically an entire bread basket) and my mom had the risotto (classically rich and yummy risotto) and the branzino (she said was real good). We each took home some chocolate cake which was so so good and so worth the feeling of disgust you have with yourself for eating it all even when you're still stuffed from the meal. 

Our waiter was nice and attentive. The atmosphere was intimate and beautiful and a great view right on Rittenhouse Square. The restaurant was connected to the hotel there but definitely did not feel like it once inside. 

Not sure the bang for the buck aspect just because I went for restaurant week but I really enjoyed it and recommend for a relaxed delicious dinner for a couple or small group :)
I was here for an event and can only speak on that experience so far, but it was very good. 

There was a fingerling potato hors d'oeuvre that I loved - it had some sort of creamy aioli or other sauce under the potato and went together very nicely. A bit hard to eat out of a spoon but the struggle was worth it. 

There was also a broccoli rabe and provolone roll-up that had great texture, but needed some seasoning.

I absolutely ADORED the spaghetti here. The sauce was absolutely delicious. Flawless, honestly. The ravioli was delicious and savory with mushrooms and butter throughout.  

The servers did a wonderful job as well - just have to shout them out. :) 

Do I have the money to go here on a regular basis?  I do not.  Will I dream of that spaghetti on a regular basis?  I sure will!
