Once again mom and I out on the town -two Jammin' gals - on a Saturday night. Just us and the city of Philadelphia (Center City-ites) at our disposal, the world is our oyster! So where do two HSG's (hip single gals) go to hang? Schlesinger's Restaurant  (a NY Style Jewish deli) of course! Before I describe our meal, I must take a moment to thank my cab driver Emanuel from 215GETACAB and our two Lyft drivers Dawn and Tim who chauffeured us during our exotic outing, thanks all. 

Now on to the dining experience. Firstly props to Schlesinger's for being one of the few Center City restaurants that is   fUlly ADA Compliant, mom is rockin a rollator yo!

The waitress, Amanda, was sweet and knew the menu inside out, we should have consulted with her more in retrospect.:6/5

Here was our lineup for the eve:

First a complimentary pickle bar run by dutiful daughter (me) for pickled cucumbers, health salad and a taste of must- have mac salad and it's free-but-not-for-me potato salad. Back to the tiny table with bowls full of culinary history 5/5. We both ordered the beef borscht 4/5 (a little too lemony/sour for my taste and not much meat mostly just cabbage and broth- this isn't Soviet era Russia/Poland, so hey there Schlesinger's WHERE'S THE BEEF?)
 
For mom her main course came too soon for her liking but her potato latke platter 5/5 was delicious and still piping hot when she was ready for it. It included a sous cup of very ordinary Musselman's style  applesauce and a same size container of sour cream. 

For dutiful daughter's cheat day experience, a half of a chopped liver sandwich on rye with onion and tomato 4/5, great tomato and onion but the chopped liver was a little too creamy and too sweet for my taste but nice flavor and the onion was sweet. The tomatoes were beautiful and dare I say genuine "Jersey Fresh? YES!" The Rye was truly the real Jewish rye the kind that should have its own Twitter handle, perfect.

Dessert, oh Schlesinger's this is where you lost your star. If we just ordered dessert and no dinner the final verdict would have been 2/5 stars. The dessert cases are all looks but no taste (insert sad face here). Though mesmerizing I've a hunch they aren't so fresh. So many choices, but one bite and regret is all you will feel. Mom ordered a macaroon 1/5, (@$3, a total rip off) yeah it was "they- should- know- better- then- to- serve that-stale-lump-bad." I'd two small very over priced, lackluster, tea cookies: 3/5 with jimmies which were ya gotta be kiddin me $2 they weren't passed their prime they missed their prime entirely. They were uninteresting from a texture and taste perspective. Maybe I'm just spoiled because Ray's Coffee and Teahouse tea cookies have ruined me for all others...

So darling Schlesinger's do you want to leave people with regret or leave them wanting more? If you want to be the latter, invest in some really good dessert recipes/quality ingredients and a good pastry chef or just someone who bakes with love. Reduce the schmaltz in the chopped liver and add some real meat chunks to the borscht. Cook the potatoes for the potato salad 10 minutes longer and maybe get some chunky style apple sauce for the latkes BUT keep the latke recipe as is because it is perfect!

My fellow Yelpers and eaters of all kinds, my final advice for navigating the Schlesinger's menu: Avoid the desserts at all costs and order another serving of latkes instead!
After taking nearly fifty Flywheel classes, you'd think I would have stopped into the deli that shares the same breezeway at least once, but nope! It wasn't until last night that I decided to check them out for a quick meal to go after class. 

Despite my ravenous appetite, I wanted to keep things relatively healthy. I ordered a wrap with turkey, turkey bacon, lettuce and tomato. It came with a side so I picked coleslaw, and once I got home I added it to my wrap. Delish! 

I asked if there would be a pickle on the side (not leaving a deli without one!) and the cashier gave me a bag to take back to the pickle bar. YES. 

The menu is pretty large and I'm especially excited by the mashed potatoes. I don't know, I just really love some taters so I'm really down with the potential to grab some to go.
OK experience. Great service that was fast and friendly. Had the 'choose 2' which offered a soup and sandwich for around $10. Dining in also allows you to get self-serve pickles, sauerkraut, and salads. Chose the pastrami on rye with a matzo ball soup. Wasn't exceptional, but wasn't bad either. Matzo ball broth was on-point but felt like the ball was pretty tasteless and underseasoned.
This is an extremely rare two-star review for me.  But my meal at Schlesinger's Deli was unquestionably the worst meal I have eaten out or had via takeout since the beginning of the pandemic.  I mean I feel I am being kind giving it two stars but I save one-star for something majorly amiss or offending in a place.

What happened at this eatery?  Well I was looking for a Sunday meal and because other places in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood were crowded and Schlesinger's wasn't, I chose to eat there.  It was my first time.  The place looks good enough and the staff greeted me politely and could easily seat me socially distanced from anyone else.  The food took a little bit of time coming out but I didn't mind as I thought that meant it was being cooked to order ... which I assume it was.  However when it did arrive, the kasha and bowties were not hot ... or even warm at all.  The brown gravy on the side possessed a little warmth.  I always eat and have been served Kasha as a hot dish.  Now for the platter.  The brisket beef sandwich was mushy with precious little flavor. I'd use a different texture bread or toast it a bit longer.  The potato pancakes were also bland - unlike any I have eaten here in the USA or in Vienna where they are very flavorful.  Even the pickle was on the dry side with little distinctive taste. This is certainly unlike a New York deli with its tasty food or even some of Philly's better ones.

No one working at Schlesinger's ever checked back to see if everything was fine or if I needed something despite it not being very busy.  I finally just asked for a takeout box so I could take what I hadn't eaten home and see if I could add some ingredients and spruce up the flavor. Schlesinger's Deli was a big disappointment and I won't ever go back.  There are too many other wonderful places to eat in Center City Philly - now and after the pandemic ends!
I really liked this this deli.  I'm from NY, but have lived in the South for 10+ years.   Schlesinger's is authentic.  I had the roast beef on rye.  The meat was fantastic.  The bread was good.  The cole slaw was very good.  The deli has a free pickle bar, with some fine choices.  I plan to return to Schlesinger's the next time that I'm in Phili.
In my tiny brown body, theres a hidden jewish glutton somewhere. No Lies.

My new favorite go-to breakfast-lunch spot in center city. It has been for a couple of months now actually. The first time I was at Schlesinger's, it was at 9am so I was able to get their breakfast special of 2 eggs, turkey sausage, home-fries, toast and coffee [for real] for 5.95 ! Thats insane. I was scared the eggs would be greasy and the potato the same, but when my food arrived, it was absolutely the opposite. Pure comfort breakfast! I even had a cute old jewish man keep me company the whole time and give me wise life advices. My second time I got the corned beef hash, and that will satisfy both your meat and potato cravings. 

Third time's the charm! The TK Special, generous portion of brisket on top of two potato pancakes smothered in luscious gravy with a side of apple sauce. When that plate arrived, I was the happiest girl in the block! Brisket was in heaps and cut thick! The potato pancake soaks up the fatty buttery goodness and altogether, this plate is my dream come true and soak up last nights alchohol! Do take advantage of the salad bar, the potato salad is to die for and the sliced cucumber pickles are sweet and delicious! 

I just adore this place!
I've only had take-out experiences here, but the service was totally pro in just those few brief seconds, so I'm guessing sitting in would garner the same positive review vibes.

As for the food, I've enjoyed the chicken salad and tuna salad a few times. The chicken salad is very creamy, while the tuna is pretty dry, but that's just how I like them.  I think my tab rang in around $24 for a little over a pound for both, which is not easy on the wallet, but I like it so much!  Plus they gave me a few bags to snag some pickles from the bar. 

On a third visit I stopped in for a breakfast bite. Egg and American cheese on Rye sounds simple enough, but it was super hearty, oozing with cheese and the rye was so perfectly soft in the center and chewy on the edges. The coffee is right, too.
Cool pickle bar, giant slices of cake, oddly shaped (as noted in another review) but perfectly satisfactory potato pancakes, bland dineresque grilled cheese. There's root beer but no milkshakes. The menu's heavy on the meat and low on the vegetables, but I realize that vegetarians and Jewish delis are kinda like grandparents and smartphones: sure, it can work, but we're not exactly the target audience. Anyway, it's cheap, service is fine, everything about this place is basically fine.
Came here to pick up a few slices of cake and had terrible interaction with staff.  For no apparently reason service was incredibly rude and slow.  Then, I watched a staff member cut a humongous piece of cake for the person ahead of me then she skimped on mine.  I called her out on it and forced her to cut a larger piece.  This place could be good but really needs to manage the rude staff better.
-5 stars. Just left Flywheel at 10:30am on 8/13/17. It wasn't very busy, however I waited patiently with a friend for 7 minutes and finally the girl at the counter looks up and said yes completely curbing any enthusiasm. While her coworker was stuffing her face (short Asian girl with glasses since we couldn't understand her name hence the food in her mouth)with food we simply asked if we could have a booth and once we could understand her after she finished swallowing her food she told us nope they are for parties of three or more yet there were other booths with only two and one girl all alone. If the first ten minutes of being there showed their level or lack of professionalism we decided to go across the street to Cinder for some real service.

Response to Sara below:

Hello Sara this response clearly shows how unprofessional you are by trying to be argumentative to a potential customer and telling me I should not leave a review because we decided to go somewhere else with better service. You said it yourself you were finalizing your credit card receipts which we understand, however a simple nod or gesture or something to let us know that it will be a bit goes a long way, not ignoring us. While you were busy your worker was just standing there as well behind you apparently finishing her food since she must have missed breakfast. It isn't proper for employees to be eating in front of customers especially while trying to talk with them unless thats acceptable now in the industry. It wasn't the booth that upset us it was the entire experience and that would have been great if someone explained that to us while we were there yet no one cared to do so. Also, there was no laughter whatsoever if anything it was a look of disgust as we walked out because we did not find the situation funny whatsoever. Additionally, what I find irresponsible is your lack of management skills as well as common sense to greet your customers instead of having them just stands for several minutes waiting for you to finish finalizing your credit card receipts. If you are the manager I can only imagine what others get away with there and by you not accepting any responsibility on the poor attentiveness we received shows that you could use some training on how to treat and deal with customers  as well as manage. I hope you didn't take the time to respond to me at the expense of other customers!
This place is phenomenal.  During busy hours, it gets very tightly packed, FYI.  Too packed where you feel bad squeezing b/w other tables to go get more pickles from the pickle bar.  Yes, this joint has a free pickle buffet.  It also got pasta salad, sauerkraut, potato salad, and cole slaw too. OMFG.  If you're an insane pickle lover, like me, this is the place for you.  Seriously, if I was holding a bag of pickles and my sister off of a cliff and I can only save one,,,I may pick the bag of pickles.  That's how much I frickin love pickles.  Ahhhhhh PICKLES!!!!!!!!! NOM NOM NOM PICKLESSSSSS!!!!! Get in my belly!!!!!!!

Gotta respect the elders here.  They move verrrry slowly but you gotta be patient.  Service is fast and friendly.  The home made roast beef and the bread here is out of this world.  And probably everything on their menu.  I was there yesterday and I wanna go back to eat more pickles.  See, I'm salivating just thinking about those sandwiches with pickles.  Omg help me.  They sell 1 lb pickles for $4 bucks too.  Please go!!!!! If you love pickles, GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ahhhhhhhhh picklesSssss!!!!
@_@
My family and I went here yesterday, and we've been coming here for a few years. I think our visit yesterday will be our last, unfortunately. I don't understand what's going on with the staff, but they have become very rude.

I'll break the experience down for you:

Wait Staff: We came in for dinner, and the girl behind the counter didn't greet us, she just gave us our menus...didn't tell us where to seat, or communicate whatsoever. Whatever. Our waitress was nice enough, and took our order promptly. The manager and the cook staff were arguing during our entire meal, which is unprofessional to do in front of customers.

Food: Everything was just okay. My matzo ball soup was pretty good, but a little too salty. My daughter's eggs were good. My husband's sandwich was good, but he found a piece of curled metal in it. We're not ones to complain, but we wanted to let the waitress know. We did, she apologized, and said she'd comp it off of our check but we told her that was unnecessary. We heard her go back in the kitchen and tell the cooks, who in turn laughed and said that's not true (open kitchen, voices do carry...just for future reference).

We paid for our meal, and left. On the way out no one said anything, again just acting very cold and stand off-ish. We won't be returning, sadly.
Didn't have the time so stopped in here on the way on a whim... Was pleasantly surprised.

Amazing lox and latkes; I ate every last drop of my food--the potatoes were perfectly cooked. The pickle bar looks sketch perched on the back near the restroom but the pickles and pasta salads were delicious.
We normally love this place.  Great deli.  The pickle bar is unreal.  But, we walked in at 8:10 pm on a Friday evening.  We were promptly told that they were not seating and it was take out.  But they close at 9 PM.  The staff behind the counter was cleaning and person at the register was texting and the wait staff was standing around talking.

If you are not going to seat folks 50 minutes before closing, you need to post it otherwise we would not have walked in at all.  We specifically came by because it was not closing for another 50 minutes.  All we wanted was a bowl of soup and maybe a cookie.  30 minutes in and out... tops.

In the process, you lost a sale and future sales until you figure out what your staff is doing in the evening.  Or figure out how to communicate hours of seating to your customers.
Came by here for breakfast one morning after a meeting downtown. I've heard great reviews about this place and wanted to see the hype for myself. 

So I think the review needs to be started by stating that they have a pickle bar! As a Ukrainian (where, you know, our entire nation basically survived on picked food during the winter months) this is a *huge* bonus! Now I know it obviously can't compare to the pickle bars I'm used to in Russian grocery stores (I wasn't exactly expecting Schlesinger's to have picked apples or watermelon like we do) but it was nonetheless impressive and tasty!

I ordered Everly's Egg and Cheese on Bagel with Turkey sausage. And for that price, the sandwich is HUGE. This is not your Wawa sizzle. I only ate half of mine and saved the rest for lunch. I love that turkey sausage (and turkey bacon) is the default here (I mean, obviously, it's a Jewish deli, but still very much appreciated). The sandwich was great and well prepared. 

If you're looking to get breakfast in the city, this is the place to stop by. The food is good and the prices are even better.
Oh Yes... this is a place you want to go to. HUGE menu, so many different types of sandwiches and other offerings. I wanted to get the matzo ball soup but it was like 95 degrees that day and I could not make myself eat soup in that heat. But it looked good, huge matzo balls!

They have a pickle bar for after you order. Many different types of pickles and some salads. This is free, included with your meal. The potato salad was really good and the pickles were too! 

I ended up getting beef brisket on potato pancakes covered in gravy with applesauce on the side. It was AWESOME. The brisket was lean, very tender and just delicious. The potato pancakes were not my jam but there was so much brisket it didn't matter. The applesauce went well with it. My husband had a turkey club sandwich with fries and it was so big he could not finish it. He is a big dude so when he doesn't clear his plate, that is a LOT of food.

Service was great, prices were good. We had a lovely late lunch here and it really hit the spot. This place is air conditioned which is important when you are trying to escape the heat outside. We ate here on a late Friday afternoon and it was moderately busy inside. I would absolutely come here again!
First off, this place has an unlimited pickle bar with various kinds of pickles! Second, this place will satisfy your deli cravings while having a place to sit down and slowly enjoy whatever you ordered. I ordered a half Parc Rittenhouse Special and Matzo Ball Soup. The Parc Rittenhouse does pastrami right. It was so tender and juicy while the coleslaw and Russian dressing were the perfect contrast to the flavorful pastrami. The Matzo Ball Soup was good, it's basically a matzo ball in the chicken noodle soup. Next time, I would probably just get the chicken noodle soup since the matzo ball didn't add much to it in my opinion.

Overall, this was my first time having Jewish food and pastrami and I will definitely be back!
Lunch or brunch, there is nothing not awesome about this place. Make sure to get some latkes.
Pickle. Bar. Say it with me - PICKLE BAR - 

And, really, that's all you need to know.

Ohhh Kaaaayyy - a couple more details - Oye Vay, you guys are demanding. WELL, the portions are amazing, as is congruent with all manner of Jewish Deli. But GLEEFULLY, the prices are NOT - best deal going is the $3.95 breakfast special of eggs, toast, home fries and coffee. Pickle bar (which consists of not ONLY pickles of varying types, but of pickled salads too) is free and unlimited. 
I'm more than a fan - I'm what you'd call, a fanaTIC. And that's borderline DSM V worthy. Be afraid - be VERY afraid - 
...of gout.
I give this negative review in sadness. I've been to this establishment over 100 times over the past 10 years. My time began with this place was when it was the "kibitz room" too. 

I moved out of the city and returned to one of my old spots.  EACH of the several cooks had their masks either below their nose or below their chin. 

Going out is a risk that I take during the pandemic. Coming here was a larger risk that isn't reasonable. 

I suggest this establishment review their surveillance from today (10/17/21) between 9 and 11 am and take some responsibility rather than making a self serving response to my observations.
I have been searching for an authentic Jewish deli/restaurant in Philadelphia since the old R and W deli on 19th Street and Rittenhouse Square closed some years ago.
I thought from the write up and the menu that Schlesingers at 15th and Locust might be the answer.

With respect, I have never been served such dog food in my life.
$60 later I told the waitress to take away our food. Dry turkey platter, gelatinous gravy, tasteless corned beef Reuben on burned stale bread, tasteless fried onion rings, horrible soup. 

I can honestly say that this place is an overpriced, deceptively marketed disgrace. So disappointed and so ashamed that I was stupid enough to give it a try. This place is not even close. My advice, stay away from this dump. It is a disgrace.
We had a representative from our company eating with a client when they overheard the staff speaking rudely about our company order.  We have spent tons of money there for lunch. That is completely unprofessional.  You never know who is listening and who they know.  I would recommend perhaps the girls behind the counter should chat a little less and focus on the orders to prevent mistakes
Love this place! Unlike another popular south Philly delicatessen, Schlesingers serves sandwhiches (pastrami, corned beef, etc...) that you can actually eat like a sandwhich and pay a reasonable price for. Everything I've had there has been super solid. Matzoh ball soup, great corned beef hash, classic sandwhiches; AND, they have a pickle bar!
You know how sometimes, the food at a given place is decent, but the service is so abysmal that you can't even taste the food? That's Schlesinger's. 

My friend and I came in to satiate our hankering for bagels, and we walked up to the counter to order. The girl behind the counter was having a conversation with another employee...and she completely ignored us. So we waited...and waited...for several minutes, until she finished her conversation and finally decided we were worth her time. She took our order, and we waited at an empty table for our food to be ready. When it arrived, we decided to open up our to-go bags and have a few bites of food before heading out -- only to have a waitress come over and rudely remark that the section was reserved for table service only, and that if we were going to dirty up her tables by eating on them, we should at least leave a tip. We stared at her and finally asked if she wanted us to leave. She barked, "No, it's fine, but just know for next time." 

So, two things. First, I've been a waitress before, and I would NEVER speak this way to my customers, no matter what. Second, the restaurant was empty, so it's not like we were taking up a potential revenue space for her -- it shouldn't have mattered that we sat down for a few minutes, and the restaurant should have made it clear that certain areas were restricted for table service. 

I've said it before, and I'll say it here -- I'll take my business to a restaurant that wants it, thank you very much. 

Oh, and the bagels weren't even good. 

[Drops mic]
If you like a good Jewish deli - Schlesinger's is the place in Center City. 

I'll never understand the whiners who post on Yelp expecting to be spoon-fed and coddled to their every whim like Momma has apparently done for them, and then upon the slightest reason post nonsensical and unworthy opinions on this site. 

Schlesingers is the bomb.   Their food is great quality, being exactly what its supposed to be - big, hearty, tasty, and served in a reasonable amount of time.  Its not discount food -  but I don't think our 2 sandwhiches (a turkey burger/fries and a Pastrami on rye with sour kraut)  were overly priced with drinks for a total of $23.00.

If you want to spend $3.00 for lunch and be amazed  - go home to your mom. 

If you want really good Jewish deli in a pleasant atmosphere, try this place out.
Ran into this place while wandering the neighborhood in search of something better than Starbuck's. The pile of dead fish in the display case beckoned to me with the voices of long-dead, salt-loving Jewish relatives. Jooiiiin usssss.... 

I only had time for a quick breakfast, but the everything bagel with lox spread was as good as any I've ever had. And the waiter was cheerfully stoic about the giant mess my kid made with her pancakes. I shall return.
3.5  Stopped by here on a whim after a Sunday afternoon matinee at the Academy of Music. It's located literally just as you exit out of the admittedly many PATCO exits at 15th/16th and Locust.

I knew I wanted a pastrami sandwich, so I didn't really look at the menu except to see it was $12. So imagine my surprise when it arrived at my table and saw the sandwich and nothing else.  Where are the pickles or potato chips or fun little side dishes that are often served with the Jewish deli sandwiches I usually have? Service was practically non-existent. Someone gave me a menu, brought me a drink, took my order, and plopped down a plate. Never came back to check on me and most importantly, no one ever mentioned or told me about the free pickle bar that I never saw!

I'm just reading about that pickle bar here on Yelp. Was it mentioned on the actual menu? I don't know. Might've buried in the small print somewhere. It certainly didn't mention it under the Sandwich listings. Nor was it ever mentioned by any of the servers or staff. GRRR.  I'm disappointed that I didn't know about it.

As for the sandwich itself, it was nice, but to be honest, when I thought I paid $12 for just what was on my plate, I felt like it was highly overpriced.
One of he authentic and original Jewish joint in downtown Philly.
A good place to have traditional Jewish food including Matzo Ball soup.
The place more like a deli place where you can order your sandwich and leave.
Or if you have time, you can enjoy sitting down inside the store and watching the busy life of Philadelphia.
The food is ok, i like the pickle bar and is free if you are dining in.
The pickle is fabulous and delicious!! Highly recommended.
Next time if you are in Philly, you may stop by for the authentic Jewish food.
I've actually never dined inside Schlesinger's, but I've ordered delivery from them a bunch of times. They are a solid choice, especially since i can't think of any other Jewish delis that deliver in Center City. I personally like their chicken salad sandwich on rye and their Arlene Pastrami Rueben and tend to order one or the other. P. likes the Pastrami special and we always have to get a PT of their matzo ball soup, which is perfectly salty and comforting. We've tried their blintzes and their latkes, both yummy as well as the potato thing that comes with gravy (P. was a fan). Their chocolate chip cookies are huge and their apple cake is really yummy. I will continue ordering from Schlesinger's, especially when i need some comfort food to eat in my PJs while binge watching Friends.
This is what all Deli's should aspire too.  Huge portions of perfectly seasoned cuts.  Always a few new things in the deli case to try, and the pickel bar at the back can take the place of most appetizer needs.

I usually start off with the chicken noodle soup.  Robust and deep flavor in the stock, noodles are pefectly cooked (instead of the usual overcooked sogginess you find at diners), and the chicken pieces are still moist.  Winter or summer, it's the pefect start to lunch.

The sandwiches are as endless as your imagination.  Try something new from the menu, or just tell the waitress what your favorite is...you won't be disappointed.  I usually opt for a roast beef of rye or the Reuben.

While your sandwich is beng made, be sure to go in the back and load up a plate from the pickle bar.  What is a "pickle bar"  you ask?  well, it's pretty much 10 different kinds of pickled cucumbers, and other veggies with one or two bins of pasta and/or potato salad thrown in.  Be sure to sample them all, but be warned, some of the pickles are hot!

When you're stuffed (and you will be), get a container for your leftovers and when paying at the register, be sure to add a few of the cookies to your bill to snack on as you walk away.

They only do delivery in a 5 block radius, and parkng is a pain, but the effort is worth it.
This is my absolute favorite spot in Philly for a weekday breakfast. The workweek specials give you a small variety of options (eggs/meat with bagel, pancakes) with coffee for an absolute steal, but the prices on other breakfast items such as chocolate chip pancakes, French toast, or fried matzo, are very reasonable as well.
Review is based on a bagel and a coffee, but I got what I wanted, when I wanted, how I wanted.  So that's why this is four stars.

While coming back from a gorgeous run along the Schuylkill River, I knew I needed coffee and a bagel.  The young lady at the counter was friendly and efficient, and didn't even seem to notice that I was still dripping with sweat and probably smelled like the back seat of a 74 Impala after a road trip from New Mexico to Arkansas.

She took my order, immediately got my iced coffee (which was great) and before I knew it, I also had my tasty toasted bagel with veggie cream cheese.  I was in and out before I could create too large a puddle on the floor so I would say I'm pro-Schlesinger's.
I ordered food to go last weekend as I was craving an egg breakfast.  I ordered the cheese omelet and home fries.  The omelet was good - nice and buttery-tasting American cheese - but the potatoes were extreeeemely salty.  For me to not finish a serving of potatoes is a big deal, and I didn't finish these.

Price was good - $6.95 before tax.  Better than other places that are at least $8 for the same meal.  I just wasn't totally sold on the taters, and they're usually my favorite part of any dish.
Somewhere between "eh" and "meh," but they get an extra half star for being open for breakfast on Christmas Eve when most everything in the area but Cosi was closed. 

I was pretty excited because I'd been craving apple latkes, and they had potato latkes with the option of applesauce or sour cream. I asked for both. After telling him what challah was, the boyfriend ordered challah French bread. 

The presentation, for both, was weird. First, my latkes were shaped exactly like madeleines and extremely crunchy, which made me think they were baked in madeleine molds. Not bad, just not a latke. The applesauce and sour cream were served in the smallest ever take-out cups, lids and all. Similarly, the boyfriend's maple syrup came in little containers (as opposed to a jug), and the itty bitty tubs of butter were so microscopic that he literally couldn't be bothered opening several of them to spread on his French toast. Also, they didn't have orange juice, not even in bottles, but I guess that goes with the territory when you're open for business on a day when everyone else isn't. 

We also picked up a German chocolate cake and apple strudel for later, and they were both good. And this is where the other half star comes in.

All the staff were friendly and knowledgeable. Good for them.
The quality on their food is not as good as it used to, same with the service. I use to order chicken soup, the last two times I haven´t got any chicken pieces at all in my soup... Very disappointed! And the cream cheese sometimes are dried out, with hard edges, ugh!! They have hired som new girls that is not so friendly, bad attitude and are not even smiling when you are making your order.. Can NOT recommend anymore!
Wow, what a disappointment. I came in for a quick lunch after having a mostly positive experience for breakfast a few weeks ago. I ordered a half-Ceaser salad, half pastrami sandwich. Initially, I was served turkey (which looked pretty disgusting, I must say), and the waitress was very nice and fixed my order. The salad was soggy and did not taste fresh at all. The sandwich was stuffed with the fattiest pastrami meat I have ever eaten, and had lettuce that was browning on the edges thrown on it. After a very unsatisfying meal, I was out 10 bucks. For a place that claims to be a classic Jewish deli, they completely failed to deliver.
A complete disappointment from the minute we walked in the door. Poor service and even worse food. I've been here many times and love the matzo ball soup and sandwiches. I ordered both and the soup was cold and the pastrami was sliced thin like cold cuts not thick and delicious like a traditional deli. The bread was soggy soaked is mustard. Probably because it took 45 to get out take out order then another 10 mins because they forgot our fries and had to through that on. Zero sense of urgency from staff and we saw people walk in after us and get their food first. My order didn't get a pickle so my husband shared his but it was rotten. 

Horrible service, sub par food, no reason to ever go back. Stick to Hershel's and Famous.
I absolutely love this place!  An amazing pickle bar, phenomenal soup and great sandwiches.   The menu is all over the place e.  We got soup and a half sandwich h for 10 bucks but there were full meals in the 20 dollar range.  We happened to get there at just the right time so we sat right down.  When we left, there was a line to get in.

The wait staff was friendly and helpful.  

I would definitely come back!!!
Dropped in for take-out a couple of times. The second time I asked for less meat (instead of their normal pound of dry meat and dry bread) on my turkey sandwich. The guy at the register (possibly owner?) actually refused to make the sandwich with less meat, and added a bit of unnecessary rudeness in his refusal. I said thanks, I'll get my sandwich elsewhere. Even with a "normal" proportion of deli meat on the sandwich, it's not all that good anyway.
There's a major void in Philly for an awesome lunch spot. Schlesinger's fills that void. WOO HOO!

Huge portions, and you'll pay for it - but don't worry... if you don't have leftovers, you might want to consider cutting back a little ;)

The main things that keeps me coming back? QUALITY. FRESHNESS.

Lettuce that crunches in my mouth, tomatoes that are bursting with flavor, PEPPERS (yes, the often neglected veggie of most other shops serving up the ubiquitous thing called a salad), onions... and of course the meaty accoutrements are fantastic as well.

Schlesinger's brings it back to the basics, and rocks it out. Don't forget about the FREE pickle bar (aside from the pickles, the mac salad is also tremendous).

I haven't had the desserts, but they look phenomenal. 

Bottom line - if it's lunch time, and you're not already on your way then leave now.
Quality of breakfast food here probably a standard 3 stars here, but ...

+1 Star for pickle bar!  I'm not familar with Jewish delis so maybe they all have this -- but I heart pickles so was pleasantly surprised by the complementary pickle buffet.  My first time trying sour tomatoes, yummy.  It doesn't only have pickled veggieseither -- there is macroni salad and potatoe salad.  Sure, pickles before my morning coffee is a bit weird, but heck -- i appreciate the option.

+.5 Star for super cheap prices! -- 2 eggs, 4 turkey sausages, fresh sliced tomatoes, a sesame toasted bagel, and a coffee for $7 including tax and tip?  Um, yes please.

+.5 Star for quick and attentive service!  The waitress we had was super nice and even coming in at 12:30pm on a Saturday, we were able to get seats right away.  We were 20 min away from the start of Mary Poppins so sure appreciated the fast and tasty breakfast.

= 5 Stars :)
I like this place and hubby says their whitefish is wonderful, might be better then his father's homemade.  Prices are reasonable.  Picklebar is well-stocked and eliminates the need to order fries or other sides with your meal.  Desserts look amazing.
I feel like I have finally found my very own Seinfeld diner!! Life is almost complete, still looking for my HIMYM MacLarens pub. This is a great place for some Jewish food, from the whitefish to the matzo ball soup, latkes, and knishes its all delicious. Prices are average for the amount of food you are receiving. This is not your average diner, more of a Jewish deli. BIG menu and there is something for everyone.

Sandwiches are HUGE, I recommend going for the half sandwich half soup combo. Best of both worlds. Soups are always changing and always fresh. Just stop in for the pickle bar alone!
First meal in Philly made me a chazer. Really fantastic place that serves an honest-to-god cup of matzo ball soup and (unbelievably!) features an all-you-can-eat pickle bar. The menu is humongous, as it should be. If you don't eat meat, like me, I can recommend the tuna salad sandwich, served on surprisingly fresh rye bread. Also, you can't beat these prices - at least, certainly not back home in New York. Final point: I was surprised to learn that Schlesinger's just opened recently. They have very effectively managed to simulate the appearance and feel of an old-school kosher deli, in the best way possible.
I came here for the second (third?) time yesterday and realized that I need to come more often. I finally ventured back to the pickle bar and have decided that if for no other reason, this is enough to bring me back. All of the options pile in together well while still having their own flavors. 

My order of latkes was delightfully greasy and filling. It came out very quickly and really hit the spot. Our servers were fun and had plenty of personality. Everyone at my table was a happy camper, enjoyed their orders and had plenty to eat. 

I don't eat meat and am squeamish about smoked fish (someone who doesn't want lox??- totally shameful I know!) so this place doesn't offer me a lot of options. I think I will just have to load up on the amazing desserts to make up for it. Doesn't sound too bad now that I think of it....
Quality has gone down. The food simply isn't fresh. The onions in my sandwich looked like they were sliced a day ago. The fries were soggy and over-fried. It seemed like they were day-old fries that had been refried. It's sad when a place can't even make decent fries. The matzo ball soup seems to be the only good they they make.
The perfect Jewish Deli in Philadelphia.
Familiar faces every Sunday, fast service and impeccable food.
First time here, really wanted to like this place. I am willing to give it another shot but damn, the service was horrible.
I was in a really good mood because i had just finished my summer classes, wanted to try a bagel at a new place, big mistake. Stopped in here cause it's two blocks from my job and I've been eyeing this place for a while. 
Anyway, I walk in, order a bagel, toasted, with chives cream cheese/spread. 
While the counter girl wasn't very rude to me, she was having a bad day or was just horrible with customer service. 
This bagel took like 15 minutes! and the whole time I was waiting, I witnessed how angry/upset the counter girl was and how she treated other customers. It was basically dead in the place, so I'm not really sure why my bagel took 15 minutes?
Luckily, the counter girl eventually noticed how long i was waiting and complained to her co-worker pretty loudly, asking him why it was taking so long.
I got my bagel, and tried brushing it off but I get to my office and it was barely toasted, and I didn't even get the chives cream cheese I paid for. I contemplated walking back to complain but at this point, I'm just hungry and will try to enjoy my bagel, which also feels like stiff from being so old.
I should've just stuck to Dunkin Donuts.
Yum! It's a deli in the best sense of the word. Great food, good people, and a place to sit, eat, and watch the traffic go by. I had the Parc Rittenhouse special, and it was delicious. Great approach to a Reuben. My favorite part was the pickle bar. Literally.. A bar for pickles. It's walking to distance to just about anything you'd want to do in downtown Philly.
This place was cruising for a solid four-star review. I had stopped in for breakfast a few times and had good experiences both eating in and getting food to-go - good servings, menu with lots of variety, great friendly service. But then I came for lunch and was introduced to the wonder that is the pickle bar. Oh my dear sweet gherkin, what an incredible idea - complimentary pickles, pickled veggies, potato and macaroni salads ... a lovely accompaniment to my delicious turkey pastrami sandwich, made exactly the way I asked for it. And on my way out I had to snag one of their delicious black and white cookies, which are approximately the size of my head and full of deliciousness. 

So there you have it: four stars for delicious food, great service, and reasonable prices, and a fifth star for having a pickle bar which is awesome.
I grew up eating at Ben's Kosher Deli on Long Island, and if you know Ben's, or you've eaten there before, you'll understand why Schlesinger's is the next best Ben's outside of NY.  

Granted, I know the kosher and kosher-style delis of the Delray Beach/Boca Raton area are pretty decent, but it's been a long time since my grandparents have taken me there to "show off their granddaughter."

The matzo ball soup at Schlesinger's is great. The matzo balls don't sit like lead, or a Dunkin' Donuts doughnut, in your stomach after you've consumed them. I once made the mistake of ordering a bowl of soup instead of a cup, and after I placed my eyes back in my head, I took on consuming the contents of the bowl as sort of a challenge.  Tried as I might, I just couldn't finish it. Had I been on an episode of Man vs. Food, food would have won, for sure!  And anyplace that serves Dr. Brown's Black Cherry soda in a can is high on my list!

Their black and white cookies fall short compared to what I was used to consuming, but what do you expect, they're not from NY.  As a NY Jew living in Pennsylvania I don't have a lot of options for decent "jewish" food, this comes pretty close and allows for a taste of home.  It's not home, but it's as close as I'm going to get around here.
We had lunch at this Schlesinger's. I had a Cobb salad, which came with burned, dried and cold chicken served on top of watery lettuce and burned dressing on a side. Truly uneatable.  I complained to our waitress who still charged for entire thing (including $2 for a slice of bread). My wife had a veggie wrap and felt sick and nauseous for 2 days in a row. Overall, we'll never go back to this place
Horrible customer service and mediocre food. I walked in on a Friday afternoon, hardly any patrons. I was not asked by the hostess whether or not I wanted to dine in or take out. She assumed I was taking out and presumed to put my matzo ball soup in plastic containers. I seated myself somewhat confused about why no one was seating me. Within a few minutes she handed me my order in a plastic bag. When she saw me unwrapping it, instead of asking whether I would like the soup in a bowl since I was clearly eating in she rudely states "we have a sit down service so please leave the waitress a tip, she has to clean up after you." Confused by the severe lack of customer service I opened the soup container which was overfilled and began to spill all over the table and on me. I had to grab my own napkins as the same rude lady behind the counter completely ignored the situation. I left and will never return. As a first time customer that left a very bad taste in my mouth.
There's a self-serve pickle bar. That should pretty much speak for itself!

Came here around 1pm on a Sunday - just 2 people. It was pretty crowded, but I think part of the problem was a large party that consumed abut 3-4 tables and just kind of chilled in their spot. There was also a group kind of blocking the door as they waited for a table, which didn't help anyone inside or outside. 

It took maybe 10-15 minutes to get a seat and I ended up sitting next to this ridiculous woman who must have poured on 14oz of 30-year old perfume that morning. Her husband asked if they had pork bacon. Seriously? It's a kosher diner/deli... I'm not faulting the restaurant here. Just a comment on the type of clientele they seem to have.

Anyway.

Aside from the seating situation, the food was good. I had a small bowl of vegetable soup which was delicious, and we partook (?) in the pickle bar, which was awesome. Service was great - the girls were running all over being super attentive and the bus. 

I'd come back, but only when it's not busy. Takeout would probably be a good option since the food was pretty good. For takeout, the pickle bar is not complimentary though, unfortunately.
Take out breakfast & the health salad at the pickle bar are the only things worth getting here. I just had an early dine-in dinner of a tuna melt on rye & a soda. Got there when there were only 2 other diners. It still took 10 min before the only waitress on duty took my order. By the time I finished my sandwich the resto was half full. I didn't get my water glass until the end of my meal after asking twice. I got my glass of ice for my soda after asking 3x. Of course, only had to ask for my bill once. No one suggested or directed me to the complimentary pickle bar while I was waiting for my water and sandwich. My table wasn't cleared. And, no one asked how my meal is & if I'd like anything else. Answering phone orders was a priority to me paying my bill. I wonder why there's not more competent staff on hand on a Monday night if they get that overwhelmed...?
Poor service. Mediocre food. Won't be back for dinner.
I've walked past this place so many times, but we finally tried it on a Sunday night for dinner. When we walked in, there were a lot of people standing at the counter waiting for take out orders, and only one or two tables eating in. We placed our orders and then checked out the pickle bar, which is included when you dine in. It had a few kinds of pickles, some pasta salad, and potato salad. Pretty good. 

The matzah ball soup was awesome. Both the broth and matzah ball had really good flavor. I also had a pastrami sandwich, which was also very good. It wasn't the leanest pastrami I'd ever had, but it was still good and a decent portion (without the ridiculous price tag that comes with most pastrami sandwiches). My girlfriend had the Santa Fe chicken salad, which she seemed to enjoy.

They also have a huge case full of some pretty nice looking desserts, although we didn't get any this time. We'll definitely be back whenever we are craving some solid deli food.
For some, there is nothing better than a good, old fashioned Jewish Deli.  Schlesinger's fits the bill nicely.  We stopped in for an early Saturday breakfast bagel as only a Deli can provide.  Despite the sit down service, we got ours to go.  As we waited for the cream cheese to be spread, the bagels toasted, and the lox situated, we noticed the assortment of other delights like roast beef, schmears, and sweets.  I exclaimed an excited utterance of, "gawdamm," when I saw the magnitude of the cakes available.  Uncouth, but true.

So, my girl got an onion bagel with cream cheese and I the most epic lox sandwich of our time.  I had asked for it on pumpernickel bagel, but got it on loaf instead.  I'm sure just a mix up or misunderstanding.  But it was truly epic; filled with tomato, lettuce, onions, cucumber, creamy cream cheese and a fine smoked salmon. The epic comes at a price though, so don't be surprised as we were at the tab. 

I'm interested in their other deli classic sammy's and am sure I'll find myself there soon.  You should too.
My son and I visited my bro and sister-in-law in Philadelphia. My brother chose a New York style deli for lunch. What a treat!

I had a cup of matzo ball soup and ate a quarter of a pastrami sandwich. The matzo ball was a monster and the broth delicious. The quarter of a pastrami sandwich was just enough and not too salty. Reminded me of the good old days in NYC.

We bought one "black and white " cookie and split it four ways.  

Lastly there is a free pickle bar which has a wide array of lovely pickles, sauerkraut, potato salad, and green tomatoes.

I had to close my eyes while we exited the restaurant as I was afraid I would eat something else.

Try it. You'll like it.
Stopped by this place for brunch while I was visiting Philly, and it is a great diner. Ordered the Matzo Ball soup, which was delicious! The ball was fluffy and the soup salty (but not too salty), just the way I like it. Also had to load up on the free pickle bar. For the price, it really can't be beat.
We often pick up food from Schlesinger's. If you like meat this is the place to eat. Their Reuben's are so big that you can save half the sandwich for the next day, it's extremely much meat in the sandwiches and the wraps. If you like pickles there is a big pickle bar for free. Sadly the salads are boring. It´s always very fresh ingredients!
Your typical Jewish deli tucked into your typical Philadelphia side street. Every time I've ventured for some fresh cold cuts/brunch to this joint there's always a line or a wait! My people tend to do too much talking after their meal...

Any who, food is always good here and the service is always friendly. This trip service was a little slow due to the holiday weekend. We waited for a solid 25-30 minutes for all of our food to come out. I was so filled up from the dope pickle bar by the time we got our food! 

What we got:
-Chefs Salad (recommend if you're looking for something light with fresh veggies). Portion is huge. Split with your friend. 
-Side of potato pancakes. (VERY GOOD) 
-Pickle bar (free with any purchase) 

Aside from the wait to get a table and for our food, this was an overall great experience. I'll be back.
Decided to give Schelsinger's one more chance because they were still having their free coffee with breakfast special. I called in my order on the way there, turkey bacon, egg and cheese on wheat toast. I picked it up and walked back to my office. Upon unwrapping the sandwich I discover that I was given SAUSAGE, egg and cheese on wheat. When I called to report the mistake, I was told to come back and I could get it replaced. No sorry, no compensation.

Schlesinger's is officially a one star establishment.
Since our first visit, we have been here at least once a week. If anything, go for the comp pickle bar for eat in diners....great mix of pickles, salads, and other pickled veggies....yum! The sandwiches are consistently good, as is the service. A must have is the F7- 2 hot dogs, grilled salami, and melted cheese on a long roll with thick cut fries...I have died and gone to my fatty food heaven. They have a huge selection of desserts but I never have room to try....someday....
unfortunately, i wasn't told about the pickle bar however the meal was delicious. I had the salami omelette with home fries and toast everything was perfect. my lunch companion had the reuben which i had to try and they was out of this world. the corned beef, the slaw, was all perfect! i'm looking forward to going back!
I am a huge fan of diners..a connoisseur, really. Unfortunately this place is just not good. Sure they have a free pickle bar- and who doesn't love a good pickle, am I right? However, that does not make up for sub par sandwiches. I ordered a tuna melt and what I got was two bland spoonfuls of tuna on seedless rye (really I ask you...what is the point of seedless rye bread??) My husband's reuben was slightly better, but I was kind of expecting for a $10 sandwich you would get a side of fries or coleslaw or something! 

Bottom Line: Will not be back.
Terrible breakfast. 3 limp pancakes, fake corn syrup. Overpriced and not good. Server didn't even bother to bring a knife and fork.  Waitstaff chatted gaily with each other, stared at thier phones and ignored customers.
UGH
what a disappointment. Came in for brunch and was sorely bummed out.  The server was CLUELESS and the temperature in the restaurant was FREEZING.  Our food arrived almost 45 minutes after ordering and three items had to be sent back.  The matzo ball soup and corned beef hash was COLD - not even remotely warm.  When asked at the register how our meal was my husband responded with an "Eh" and that was that... Needless to say we will not be returning anytime soon...
I am finally over this place and the sad thing is it isn't because of the food. The service has been on a fairly steady decline over the years, but my most recent experience was inexcusable.

We got to the restaurant at 8:20pm on Friday night. They are open until 9pm. We were given menus and sat at a table, then told that we could only get takeout because they were closing early due to slow business. And they wonder why business is slow. 

Such a shame, because the food is great, but after multiple bad service experiences, we are done here.
This is my favorite jewish deli. Its delicious, dependable and convenient. You really can go wrong with any of the sandwiches (especially their breakfast sandwiches). You also can't beat their breakfast specials (I think it's $5 for coffee eggs toast bacon and hash browns). Service is quick, the coffee is hot and the food is amazing. If you are looking for something sweet, their German chocolate is the best I've ever had!
Consistently good food at good prices. I've had breakfast (they have a "working man's" breakfast special, I believe there are 4 options, under $5), lunch and dessert here. Everything has been fresh & tasty.

My office makes large orders on a monthly bases here and they deliver.
I'm not from Philly, but my wife and I do like to visit for day-trips.  Usually when the Philly crowd is headed to the shore we take a day trip from the  shore to Philly.  This way we don't complain about the tourists and the Philly crowd doesn't have to complain about the Jersey people.

Felt like a Deli sandwich a few years ago and just happened upon Schlesinger's.  Tried their sandwiches and I'm a fan.  I'm the pastrami nut and my wife goes for the corned beef special.  Uh-Oh, they don't serve cold corned beef sandwiches; only hot.  The other Philly Deli we like does the same.  Why?  Please change this!  The real taste of corned beef only comes out when it's cold.  So she now switches over to turkey.

Very good product used in both.  No, they don't serve the Carnegie Deli sized sandwiches and then again they don't charge the prices either.

Great self serve pickle bar in the back.  All kinds of extra condiments and sides to add.

It's a rather small place and I would say the decor lends itself to breakfast or lunch.  We go for lunch so I'm not sure how they make out with dinner.  Have been here several times now.  That in itself says a lot since Philadelphia is the home of great small food shops.
Came here recently on a Sunday morning with some friends from out of town.  Diners seem hard to come by in Philly, so I figured that this would be a good alternative.  Waited about 20 min for a table for 4 which was no big deal. 

We got here at noon, so I opted for the whitefish salad on a bagel.  Ive had this at some Jewish deli's in NYC, but unfortunately there was no comparison.  Too much mayo, and not enough fish.  

My friend had the breakfast corned beef hash which sounded amazing on paper, but we weren't a huge fan of that either.  

On a brighter note, I managed to snag a bite of the Arlene Ruben with pastrami that another friend of mine had ordered.  Real good.  Next time ill stick with the lunch meats.  The pickle bar is pretty sweet too, so be sure to check that out. 

Ive also been here previously and can vouch highly for 1500 Locust Wrap.  Grilled chicken, romaine, feta, onion, and greek dressing on a wheat wrap.
Friendliest most competent service making it our ideal place to enjoy a dinner before walking 'round the corner to sit for a lovely concert.                  Counter and waitstaff are always kind and help us if we arrive late so that a fab meal appears before you can bite one of those pickles from the amazing self-service salads/condiments bar or take the first slurp of coffee. The Pastrami Sandwich is a consistent work of art, so satisfying that I just don't wanna try anything else although I admire all the platters served to table surrounding me. Great atmosphere. Wonderful meeting place, too. I've never been "hustled" to leave prematurely when conducting a meeting there. And, when I'm on my own personal time, I always find that I'm relaxed 'cause the service is so friendly and fast.
Always a good time and the window seats are great for people watching.  Food wise, I spent my Summers in Brooklyn growing up and Schlesinger's can rival most.  Friendly staff and a wonderfully crisp hamantaschen round out the meal.
Came here on a Monday and it wasn't too crowded. I got the western omelet, which came with home fries and a choice of bread or bagel, which I personally loved you didn't have to pay extra for a bagel over bread! 

Omelet was perfectly cooked, home fries were perfectly crispy, but soft on the inside which is just how I like them. They were, however, a little over seasoned for my taste. Service was excellent - prompt and kind. I would like to come back to try some of the lunch options I saw on the menu.
Hmm. What was good? I had a Reuben and it was ok. The sauerkraut was ok, the meat was ok, the dressing just ok, and the bread and cheese? You guessed it. Just ok. 

It was a warm booth to jump into after walking around a fair bit that day. The waitresses were more interested in talking about their purchases at Starbucks than to help me figure out what was in their dessert display. Probably good deli food, but they could lose the New York attitude. It just didn't appeal to me.
I live on the same block as this fantastic deli. The cabbage soup, whitefish salad, chicken livers and everything is always very good. Disappointed tonight to find plastic in my salad.. almost choked on it and spit it out. To find as I kept eating there was ANOTHER piece of plastic. Looks like wrapping to a meat product. Beware.
Great food, complimentary pickle bar, reasonably priced.  I'm a huge fan of their soups and while I haven't tried any of the desserts in the case they look fantastic.
My husband and I were craving a NY style Katz deli/Carnegie deli style corned beef pastrami sandwich. We yelped and found this place. We were happy because it was close to home and when we got there we realized we had passed it many times. This is an unassuming place among banks and other boring buildings. 
Cashier was sweet. Helpful in choosing a sandwich for me because there are many kinds to pick! I chose Parc rittenhouse. OMG delish. Warm meat with cole slaw on rye for $11. Desserts are plentiful to choose from- there is a sit down area and the pickle bar is ok. Not huge but a nice addition. 
I'll go back. 
Sandwich was enough for 2 ppl along with a dessert. But it's not excessive size like the NY counterparts.
Maybe I ordered wrong, but I was not impressed with my breakfast at Schlesinger's. I had the breakfast wrap with turkey bacon and a side of potatoes. The potatoes had a strange aftertaste, and the turkey bacon was lifeless and chewy. With plentiful options surrounding this location, I probably won't come back.
This place was recommended to my sisters and I by the barista at a place around the corner from here when we were looking for an easy, delicious, inexpensive brunch. I got an omelet that was big and filling. My sisters got sandwiches that were GIANT and enjoyed the pickle bar. Service was quick and the prices were very reasonable for the amount of food.
I've been here lots of times. Very solid Jewish deli food including matzo ball soup, corned beef and pastrami. Bakery items are consistently good. Great, free pickle bar if you dine in. Service is what you would expect in a diner. If you want great service, go elsewhere. If you want old fashioned hearty food, go here. I read a review where the avocado wasn't ripe. Stick to the basics.
Although this place is here since 1920s I only discovered it today.

Here are the highlights:-
- yes you can't beat the price, a filling breakfast with coffee is less than $6.
- nice atmosphere, good place to start your day.
- Food quality is O.K. Nothing fancy here people.

My experience here is based on breakfast.
I came just after they opened and the place was full of people. I was confused when I entered, is it deli style or Resturant style. Given the huge counter I went there to the cashier who was nice enough to seat me and give me the menu, later the waiter came and took my order. Services is fast although the place was packed and only one waiter was working that day. I ordered Harvey breakfast, I liked the egg and the sausage, however the potato was not their best. I would come again? I am not sure, but you better give it a try who knows!
Sometimes you're just in the mood for a Jewish deli sandwich and this place hits the spot. Great deli meats and an added Pickle bar just because you have to have those pickles. Some booths inside plus tables for dining in. Service was fine. Plenty of choices to satisfy everyone be prepared these are some big meat sandwiches.
I have walked by this Jewish Deli in Center City and never went in. On a whim, last night, we remedied that situation. 

Had a hot pastrami, cole slaw, and Russian dressing on rye sandwich. The pastrami was excellent, with a really nice smoky essence to it. The rye was nice and fresh and the sandwich was large, but not comically so. Was dull when I left but not sick or ready to pass out from sheer gluttony. 

They also have a nice pickle bar that patrons can partake of with a nice array of pickles and mac and potato and health salads. 

This is a good find and I will definitely go back.
We stopped in for breakfast before leaving for the airport (we showed up right as they unlocked the door at 7).  We ordered eggs (me: over easy; boyfriend: over hard) and had a meat (me: turkey bacon; boyfriend: sausage).  I think the sausage is the correct choice of the two, the bacon was VERY thick slices and I'm more of a crispy bacon kind of gal.  The potatoes weren't too memorable (in fact, I don't think I finished them which is rare for me) but the price was right.  I'd go back for breakfast and try the chocolate chip pancakes!  

We also placed an order for sandwiches so we wouldn't feel compelled to eat at the airport.  I got a turkey wrap and boyfriend got a turkey sandwich (we are SO interesting).  I was a bit surprised that the total for those came to like $20+ and probably wouldn't do that again.  I do like the pickle bar and their food is good quality, I'm just not sure I can justify $20 for two sandwiches (and tiny containers of cole slaw/potato salad... maybe if I took 15 pickles it would make sense).
Another great experience! Love the food and love the staff. They're so accommodating to my service dog and me, and we love going there. Jade was a wonderful server, and other staff got us seated quickly in an accommodating booth. Thank you, thank you!
Loving my Stanleyy Reuben.  Everything was delicious! Your classic deli in thd heart of Center City.
There's a really fun pickle bar in the back of the restaurant to snack on while you wait. And the wait is long.

I came for a Saturday brunch and it took almost 90 minutes to get our food. 

The decor has a old style diner feel. The meal was delicious but definitely was not worth the wait.
This is a place around the corner from where I live. I have been here about 30 times over the years I have lived here in center city and it's the best Jewish style food in the area. 

That being said, the only reason I did not give it 5 stars but only 4 is because of dishes like the soup that seemed the tiniest bit too salty and because of overall cleanliness of the space. If you don't know what this means, just don't look up at the ceiling and you will understand. 

Overall, a quaint medium sized diner style, non kosher, Jewish deli/breakfast lunch and dinner must in the city! Visit today and try the latkes with apple sauce, open faced corned beef and free pickle bar.
Walked in and ordered from the counter, my usual: lean corned beef on rye with Russian, chips and a Dr. Brown cherry soda. Everything was on Fleek have no complaints. Sandwich was not overloaded.
As a Northeast Philly born & raised Jew who loves her jewish deli's, living in Delaware County, I've missed having a jewish deli within minutes. Sure I can pick up some supermarket nova at the fish counter at Giant, but it's not the same when it's served to you on an everything bagel with cream cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, cucumber and black olives. I was happy when my friend suggested this restaurant for brunch yesterday.  Not only did the bagel with lox & all the fixings hit the spot, but that pickle bar was EVERYTHING!! The health salad was sooo good! Of course I had to get some bakery items to go. I got 2 brownies, 2 rugelach of each flavor, and a black & white cookie to feed an army. Sampled each of the desserts this morning; all delicious except for the brownies. They were super dry and crumbly; not how I like a good brownie. The saving grace for the brownies was the frosting. Got a few pickles & sour tomatoes to go, as well. I'd definitely come back, but skip the sweets!
This may have been the worst experience ever! Everyone warned me that the staff was extremely rude and the wait time is long. I gave it a shot anyway. Our waitress was so incredibly rude and made me feel as though my entire existence was an inconvenience. We ordered soup and my oh my it took forever! I ordered a sandwich and  I can't believe they'd serve something so foul. I asked for my bill and got ignored. Go to any other place in the city as this one is awful!
In December, The Kibbitz Room changed owners and became Schlesinger's. Luckily, Center City did not lose out on a Jewish style deli, the general gist of the restaurant has been maintained. But the hours of been expanded and the menu has grown a bit.

I stopped by to check out the quality of the deli sandwiches. But the question on my mind was a serious one, what became of the briny heaven that I loved about Kibbitz Room, what happened to the pickle bar?
The glorious pickle bar is still there, smart move Schlesinger's, you would have had one disgruntled lady to deal with if you took that away. The complimentary bar is yours to ravage if you are dining in, but take out pickle orders are $4 a pound.

I am pretty sure that an option of a half sandwich and soup or salad ($8.95).  I got the pastrami, which was served as simple as you can get- slices of meat on rye bread, nothing else. I had to add my own mustard, but beyond that can't see any other additions improving  this sandwich. Frills aren't really needed here. I was quite content with my pile of meat on bread. The pastrami had a lovely spiced rind and just a touch of appropriate fat laced throughout.

The other half of my combo did not fair so well. The matzah ball soup was abysmal. The soup was watery and lacking salt or any other real flavor. The matzah ball was grainy and tasteless. Maybe the pick two was not the right move here.
For my cousin's post-30th birthday brunch, we needed a serious amount of heavy food to reinvigorate our livers. Naturally, we turned to our people.

Schlesinger's has all the appearances of a Jewish deli, but didn't quite deliver on the premise. They have an incredible-looking display case that's filled with cold cuts, salads and enormous desserts. In practice, not everything tasted as good as it looked.

I got a turkey bacon, egg and cheese wrap. It was good, although a little heavy on the cheese. The bagels are Philly bagels (see my thoughts here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/brooklyn-bagel-and-coffee-company-astoria-2#hrid:-rbSYHcfZHzS9_Z7oL0srA), and therefore sad. My challah french toast was very soggy, but the fresh challah loaf we bought was a little dry.

Some of the desserts had more promise. I got a macaroon while I was waiting, and I liked it a lot. And then there were the black & whites. Holy crap...they were delicious and huge. I haven't seen so much black and white crammed together since Eminem played Yankee Stadium.

While we were there (we got everything to go), the cashier was having a petty fight with one of the servers. At first it was funny, but they were bickering for 10 minutes about who should be seating new customers. The cashier rolled her eyes and said "I can't stand that guy!" I wouldn't consider this a good Jewish deli without lots of complaining, but it wasn't the most professional thing in the world.

Overall, it's always good to see a taste of NY in Philly, but there's room for improvement here.
Unfortunately, my experience here was shared with a few friends in a hectic disarray as we were  tight on time and couldn't miss our bus for the Super Bowl back in NY. Most of us ordered the soup and sandwich combo and got various pairings. I had the chicken noodle soup with beef brisket sandwich and it was delectable. The soup wasn't anything special as it lacked chicken but the beef brisket was on point. A healthy slab of juicy meat in between two plain slices of bread. Perfect. All the other sandwiches my other friends had, turkey, beef tongue, etc. looked and apparently tasted great too. Quick and easy food with friendly service in a diner style set up. No wait time and accommodated a large group rather easily.
I don't appreciate being pickled and dimed.

Schlesenger's policy is discriminatory--they apply different rules and standards to persons of take-out as opposed to the eat-in oligarchs. I strive teach my young son that everyone should be treated as equals whether they choose to consume on or off premises.

Really.  Almost thirty bucks for two sandwiches and I can't get a couple extra small pickles?!    As I watch those fortunate to have time to sit and dine feast on unlimited dills. 

As our fearless leader might tweet  "TOTALLY UNFAIR!!!"

I wonder what Schlesinger's food cost per pickle is--seven or eight cents maybe? If that. 

And if you had been having problems with to-go customers taking advantage and stuffing the pickle bag, how 'bout offering those who request a pickle bag an extra pickle.  

Anyway Schlesingers, here's that snarky yelp review I promised you.

I'll be back for the soda I paid for but left on the counter.
Pretty stingy sandwich for $15. Also, TWO potato pancakes for $4...? That's ridiculous. Will never order from here again!
Schlesinger's is your traditional Jewish deli, and is perfect for Sunday mornings or when you're craving breakfast any time of day. 

Like all great delis should, they have a staple pickle bar in the back with several varieties of pickles, as well as pasta salads. Their pasta salad isn't traditional, but something about it won't let you put your fork down. 

The lox, eggs, and onion scramble was good, with a good balance between eggs, salty salmon, and onions. The sunny side up eggs were cooked to perfection with fully set whites and a runny yolk. The hashbrowns have a thick crispy layer on the top, which was very favorable. 

Schlesinger's is definitely a spot I'll be back to when I'm looking for convenient and staple breakfast/deli food.
YUMO! We were visiting friends in Philly for the weekend and after a long night we were on the hunt for some food therapy. We left our hotel and I decided to use the good ole Yelp App. to help us pinpoint a recommended deli close by. Schlesinger's looked good so we walked over. When we arrived, there was an employee walking down the street towards us entering the restaurant as well that made it a point to tell us how great this spot was and that we should dine here before we even entered the restaurant. Now when you have employees who are not yet even on the clock recommending their place of business to randoms like ourselves... it has to be good right?!. We walked in and were sat at a booth in the window. The server came over and took our orders but then something magical happened...she welcomed us to their pickle bar! Yes! You heard me...they have a complimentary pickle bar with various home brined pickles and other scrumptious bites like potato salad. That's my kinda appetizer. Being that we are NY'ers who transplanted ourselves to The South, we were craving real bagels and ordered a classic egg and cheese sandwich on an everything bagel. Holla! This sucker was DELICIOUS! The bagel was toasted perfectly, eggs golden, and the cheese was melted beautifully. Folks, this place rocks. I will definitely return upon my next visit to Philly and highly recommend you do the same.
