Our waiter was great and none of this is his fault.
He was right on point and considering how sick he was,
amazing. Love to stop by when he is well.
This goes straight to the owner.
When you have an employee that is so clearly that sick
and waiting on clients in a very intimate setting,
maybe you, as the owner should send him home, pay
him for a sick day and work his shift.
I run a small business and I would never let anyone work that sick,
especially around food.
Disgraceful.
When the salmon dinner I attempted to cook went horribly awry, my quick-thinking beau suggested takeout from Seafood Unlimited. We're currently on a detox, so we needed very plain fish prepared only with olive oil or spices. No butter, no alternate ingredients, etc. I called to place an order and asked about a million questions along the way. 

Once the goods were home, we hungrily dug in. The cost for tilapia or flounder with two sides is just under twenty bucks, which isn't too bad. Everything was prepared the way we asked (as far as I could tell!) and packaged nicely. I would order takeout from them again but I'm also interested in checking out the restaurant itself, which was recently renovated.
I paid over $60 for delivery of the seafood quintet, the crab spring rolls and a side of vegetables. The portion size was offensively small. There was one measly scallop, two shrimp, and half fillets of salmon, sea bass and tilapia. What a joke. The food itself was overcooked and poorly seasoned. Don't waste your time or money in delivery. I called to complain and the manager got an attitude with me. He did offer to buy my dinner at the restaurant eventually but why bother.
I had a wonderful experience at Seafood Unlimited. My friends had walked past a number of times and decided to try it out finally. We stopped in for taco tuesday. 

The inside decor is lovely with the authentic mosaics of Isaiah Zagar. If you don't know him, look him up! Very swanky and fun atmosphere for our girls night. 

I had a squash-based soup to warm up because it was a chilly day. Then, of course we got tacos. The tacos were tasty. I had a vegetarian taco upon my request that was quite delightful to my surprise. My friends enjoyed their fish tacos which they said were delicious.

The bar has a great selection so we each had a tasty cocktail to accompany our dinner. We ended the meal with the chocolate mousse dessert which was SO GOOD!!!! I highly highly recommend :) 

The service was really great too. The waitress was extremely friendly and accommodating. Very exceptional and important for creating what was a really nice evening with my friends. 

I'd recommend Seafood Unlimited to anyone who lives in philly or visitors who are just passing through town. It's also a great place to check out if you are in town for a conference or looking for a great place to take a colleague or client.

PS. It's cash only, so remember to bring your bills. Need cash? You can hop to the nearest ATM which is conveniently right across the street.
I haven't been here in a few years, but had a great meal here recently. The place has underwent a huge remodeling job which may or may not please every one. The inside is a cross between the Magical Gardens on S. St & a subterranean ice bar. Lots of blue, which is my favorite color so I don't mind it. Kind of tiny inside, w/ a small bar as well.

Started with a  Sturgeon General's Pale Ale, a lovely beer made for S.U. by Phila. Brewing Co. Got the Seafood Empanadas  w/ Chipotle Remoulade and yes they are delicious. Flaky dough, savory filling and for once... a chipotle sauce that packs some real heat! The New England Clam Chowder was another pleaser; so good that I wanted to lick the empty bowl. I got the garlic soft shell crabs as entree and man was it good! Served over a bed of creamy mashed potatoes w/ roasted asparagus, I could have not been happier. The only thing I didn't care for was the bread they served. It was a challah roll (warm, but still tasted a bit stale). We each got our own, plopped down on a small plate by our waitress w/ a pat of prewrapped butter. I would have preferred a nice basket of Italian bread, but this was minor compared to the quality of the other food.

Service overall was good and we all left happy!
Someone told us that seafood unlimited was the best seafood in the city so we had to try it...sorry to say but that was not true at all.  Almost all of the items that we ate were average.  The new england clam chowder was good. The seafood cobb salad, the mussels, and the Panko Crusted Sea Bass were all average. Nothing to rave about.  On top of the food being average, the bill wasn't that cheap. I wouldn't mind spending the money if the food was very good, but it just wasn't.  There are better seafood places in the city.
Just improved, now has a fun happy hour at their new beautiful bar. Delicious fresh fish eatery, with wine and dessert too. Good service .
Can I give four and a half stars? 

Dear Seafood Unlimited, Where have you been all my life? 

I've heard the name "Seafood Unlimited" countless times in pursuit of my next culinary adventure. However I never knew where it was, or heard any rave reviews (or had even spoken to someone who had dined there). On Thursday night I made the last minute decision to give it a try and I am so happy that I did!

The restaurant itself is very unassuming. The decor is nothing to write home about, with the exception of the fresh seafood tank situated at the entrance. Knowing that my dinner was coming out of this tank, as opposed to a prep tray in a walk-in was quite comforting. Rumor has it that they have happy hour every night from 5 til close (though I'm not sure how since the bar seats three people). 

The most refreshing thing about this restaurant for me was not the just fish, but the menu selection. This is not your run-of-the-mill grilled salmon, seared scallops, shrimp capellini menu that you've seen at every seafood establishment in the city. While they have the classics like fried calamari and steamed littlenecks, they also have less common dishes like tuna teriyaki and scrod (I don't know what scrod is). I was torn between the tuna teriyaki and the bouillabaisse so I asked for a recommendation from our server. She leaned towards the bouillabaisse so I put my palette in her hands and oh my gosh I'm glad I did!

I started with raw oysters and they were accompanied by my only criticism of the night - they were served with cocktail sauce. I'm not sure how difficult it is to make mignonette, but I found myself longing for its presence in lieu of the overpowering cocktail sauce. That said, the oysters were fresh and delicious. But they paled in comparison to the bouillabaisse. The shrimp, clams, mussels, scallops, and whitefish were all perfectly cooked and the broth was to die for. I would have polished off the broth when I finished if I thought it would not have been frowned upon. 

The service was friendly, the atmosphere was nice, the prices are very reasonable, but the star of this show is the food. While living in a city with an endless selection of restaurants, it's rare that I start planning my return trip before leaving the restaurant. But I will be back. Soon.
I was little skeptical at first after reading the mixed reviews but I'm glad that I went. A friend of mines picked this out for restaurant week, there were 6 in our party & although this is a small restaurant it was comfortable. Everyone enjoyed their food & drink no complaints, definitely a restaurant I would revisit again. Also it's nice to see the actual owners of the restaurant working in their own restaurant. Great service, nice ambiance, each course was served just at the right time. Also if you're a bread person be sure to ask for it, it was wonderful and save room for dessert! I personally enjoyed the Coconut Bread pudding, it was amazing
Let me just say that my favorite thing about this restaurant was admiring the beautiful mosiac on the wall, done by local artist Isaiah Zagar (South St. Magic Gardens). I was dissapointed when we were seated in the rear of the restaurant, which is not as visually interesting. We started with a few cocktails and an appetizer. The Tempura Veggies w/ Soy Ginger Dipping Sauce hit the spot. The vegetables were fresh and the tempura crispness on the outside was perfect. I love anything dipped in Soy Ginger, so this was my favorite part of the meal. I was in the mood for a good salad so I ordered the Blackened Salmon Salad. The Salmon was excellent... It was a nice sized piece and was blackened just right on the outside. Yummmmm. The rest of the salad was just plain. That's the best word I can use to describe it. It was pretty simple and came with an average vinagrette dressing. We definitely enjoyed our meal here and left full and satisified. The only thing that was super annoying was trying to find parking near the restaurant. We drove around for quite a while and ended up several blocks away, with about a 10 minute walk. Luckily it was a nice night and this is a nice area for walking. All in all it was a good time :)
When you see Owners as involved as this married couple one knows they have their heart & soul in it. They are as involved as their excellent wait staff...from seating to serving to bussing to engaging conversation. It's not overbearing; it's just right for this bustling, close-quarters gem, with high-brow humor thrown in. While we enjoyed only their (limited) restaurant week selections we surely plan to return for full-menu. Fish and seafood samples were superbly done.
So what you need to know is it's CASH ONLY. It is BYOB! On Mondays they have ALL YOU CAN EAT MUSSELS  for $13.50 from 5:00pm-9:30pm. You choose between 3 different sauces, marinara, garlic and Thai green curry. 

Ok now back to my review. 

I made reservations online for dinner during restaurant week and when we got there there was no wait. We were quickly seated. It's a small place on the inside and surprisingly it wasn't packed at all. The service was very quick. We were in and out in 1 hr. I guess that's necessary when a place is so small.

Everyone was nice and helpful and on it. Empty plates was removed as soon as we were done and we didn't wait long between each dish. 

FOOD

Complimentary Bread: not warm. Just a plain roll. Nothing special about the butter. Simple and to the point. 

Arancini (Fried risotto balls) with marinara sauce: was veeeery hot and delicious! I've never had deep fried risotto so that was a nice change.

Salmon Croquettes: it was pretty good too. It wasn't fishy. Everything worked well together. 

Thai Red Curry Hummus and Tortilla: nice airy tortilla with delicious hummus. 

Coconut Carrot Ginger Soup: I could taste the ginger in the soup but I was veeery pleasantly surprised at how good it tasted.

Ahi Tuna over rice noodles: it was also good but I found that there was too much sauce with the pasta. It seemed like the Tuna wasn't seasoned but it was a good piece of fish so it didn't need it!

Tiramisu: good

Pumpkin Bread pudding with caramel sauce: sooooo warm and delicious!! You must get it!

So I will definitely go back to this place on Mondays because it's such a sweet deal. This place has food from all over the place, you see Spain, Italy, Asia, US and so on.... it's definitely an eclectic menu.
As other reviewers have said, this place is tiny from the outside, and not much bigger on the inside, but the food is absolutely terrific.

The raw clams were so very fresh. The Sauteed Scallops & Mushrooms Over Rice (we substituted pasta) was rich and flavorful. The fish of the Fish & Chips was light and flakey and the chips were great: hot and crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. The tuna, asked to be done rare, was actually done rare and was quite tasty. The calamari stuffed with crab meat was terrific, particularly the sauces (NB: It's not stuffed, fried calamari).

NB: Does not take American Express.
Very Disappointing
My wife and I went here for Valentines dinner.  It's local and in a great location. Upon arrival we found that they were offering a limited menu only, comparable choices as if it was restaurant week.  The limited menu was not mentioned to us when we made the reservation nor the two times they called to confirm our reservation.

I ordered the 1/2 dozen raw oysters for my app, they only served me four oysters.  The oysters also smelled fishy, good sea food should smell like the sea, not old fish.

I ordered the lobster tail and tenderloin for my entrée. The lobster tail was EXTREAMLY over cooked.   It was as if someone threw it under the broiler and forgot about it for 40 minutes.   If you incorporate the word "seafood" in the name of your restaurant, you better well know how to cook seafood, which they do not.

The tenderloin was cooked to med rare as I requested but was tasteless.  No salt or pepper was used to prepare the steak.

I would NOT recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for good seafood .  I will NOT return to this establishment ever.
I read through the other reviews and have to say that I have had every experience detailed therein. I have had great happy hour specials, I have had good meals here, I have enjoyed the appetizers, etc. However, I have also had three dreadful meals in a row here and feel compelled to sound the warning bell. 

Most notably, we ate here on Saturday night and arrived at 7.30 (we had booked a table as we were 6 people). We had a 9.30 movie to catch and figured this would be no problem. Not unlike my previous two "bad" visits, our waiter was completely out-of-it. He had to ask each of us at least 2 or 3 times what we were ordering (note: no one deviated from set menu fare). This should have been a sign. 

We sat for at least 30 minutes before bread and drinks arrived even though we had tried to flag down our waiter several times. The place is small, so imagine how skillfully inattentive a waiter would have to be to avoid a party of six! 

Our food arrived about 1 hour and 15 minutes after we ordered it and 3 out of 6 entrees were wrong. One was a completely wrong order, two had sides incorrectly ordered, and there were no accompaniments for baked potatoes (e.g., butter, sour cream). 

We barely got out of there by 9.25 and I am not one who usually would have noticed the time, but we were on a schedule and the service was painfully slow. Even getting the guy to ring up our bill took ten minutes. 

I ordered the salmon and it was off with a fishy taste and bad slimy feel. The crab cakes did not even taste of crab - more like canned salmon. The baked potatoes were small and over cooked. The side of mixed vegetables was a slimy disgusting mess of julienned zucchini, carrots, and broccoli florets. All in all - gross! 

I am not one to advocate chain restaurants, but I had a much better piece of fish with friendlier, more efficient service on a recent road trip at Red Lobster. Three strikes and you're out, Seafood Unlimited.
Every time I go to Seafood Unlimited, I'm reminded what a terrific little restaurant it is.  Everything I've ever eaten there has been well prepared, tasty and reasonably priced.  My cousin, who is notoriously difficult to please, never has trouble finding something on the menu to make her happy.  They are flexible and are typically really happy to accept substitutions and special orders.
Mussel Monday's are totally worth it! All you can eat mussels in marinara, garlic-herb or green curry for only $11.95. The garlic herb and curry were my favorite. Marinara was a bit bland. 

We also tried the falalel-crusted trout. Unfortunately, it lacked both flavor and crisp. If not for the great value of their mussel special, I probably would've given a lower rating.
What an excellent evening out!  My friend and I stumbled upon this place and didn't want to leave!  The food was incredible- I requested non fried calamari and the chef improvised his own special creation.  The owner and bartender were a great source of cheerful banter.  We will definitely be back.

They also have a fantastic happy hr menu from 5-midnight... check it out!
Found this place on Foursquare read the Yelp reviews, ate the swordfish and it was off the charts. I love seafood and this fish literally melted in my mouth.

The servers were enjoyable and were as helpful as can be (I'm really an easy diner and won't even send my food back if it's wrong.)

Ate on a Tuesday night and the rest of the diners were of an older demographic. I'm from San Diego and am used to delicious seafood and this place did not disappoint.

Check in on Foursquare and get 2-for-1 Yuengling draft beers. Can't beat it with a stick.
I'm the sort of person who likes particular places for particular things. I love the experiences i've had at Seafood Unlimited. 

I've been many times and my friends and i sit outside in the warm weather to enjoy $2.50 lagers and plate after plate of raw oysters. They used to be buck-a-shuck i think, but the menu has them listed at $1.25. 

Basically every day at 5 starts permanent happy hour. There's this great little bar menu with snacks around $5 a plate and delicious $5 cocktails and $4 glasses of wine. The prices are so reasonable. The staff is nice and attentive enough.

The only complaint i have is that they close kind of early. I suppose it's normal time for a restaurant, but since i think of it as a bar with seafood, 9:30 on weekdays and 10:30 on weekends seems way too early to kick me out of such a comfy situation.

I haven't even been inside the building to be honest with you, but if you are looking for a great place to hang out on warm evenings and people watch and enjoy delicious food and drinks for amazing prices, then you can't do any better than Seafood Unlimited.
As a neighborhood restaurant for reasonably priced seafood, it's a nice place. Just don't let your expectations be set too high. The Calamari Stuffed with Crabmeat had great potential, but the mealy, fishy-tasting crabmeat and bits of paper made this a thumbs down. The Seafood Quintet, however, was very nice. Salmon, tilapia, sea bass, a few shrimp, and a big scallop were all nice and flavorful. The seabass and scallop were the clear winners here, but the rest were very good, too. I remember the Seafood Unlimited of old and I can most assuredly say that this restaurant has grown and matured nicely. It looks like a nice place to take a date, but I do miss the fish market in the front.
Some of these other reviewers are a little harsh, take it for what this place is and don't be such a crybaby.  

This spot is awesome!  Great food, friendly service and a very unique atmosphere, how could you not be thrilled to eat here?

If you're not the type of person that has a stick up their ass ALL the time, you'll love it!
Good name for restaurant check, neat interior design check, the food well read on for the Pro-Tips :

Calmari stuffed with crabmeat appetizer - When I was looking over the apps I saw this and the price tag of only $8 I was quite intrigued as this item goes for much more everywhere else and said, "Ok, I will play this game let's see what this is all about". Well, it is literally one tube of Calamari which yields five bites. Not bad but I felt like it was a tease much like most of the dates I go on. That being said this item is listed under NIBBLES on the menu, they aren't kidding (good but too small a portion bottom line).

10oz Steak w/  Chumichurri sauce, fingerling potatoes,asparagus -  This was one of there specials for the day and honestly there was nothing wrong with it but when I go out and order steak I want it to be at the level where it is not something I feel I can easily make at home. I would not order this item here and obviously you should order seafood at a seafood restaurant rule number one.

Artic Char with Bok Choy and Lobster mashed pototoes - The waitress explained the fish to be not Salmon but the offspring if the papa fish was a Trout and the mama fish was a Salmon you would have the outcome of Artic Char. Well, I do not recall ever ordering this before so I split this with a friend and again it was alright. This may sound werid but this next sentence perfectly sums up my experience with this dish. After grabbing one or two bites of it I was not enthusiastic about picking up my fork to have more bites of it but forced myself to do so as we were splitting the bill lol. The Lobster mashed pototoes were great though of the two spoonfuls I had.

For wine it is BYOB and this restaurant is CASH ONLY. I am glad I got to check this restaurant off my list of places to try as I always wondered how the food is there walking by it. My recommendation is come for a happy hour if you want with a bottle of wine and go for there unlimited mussels special when they have it or discount oysters / clams deal they most likely offer but I will not be returning for dinner.

As always people SYOY!!!
Surprisingly great $1 oysters and clams at the bar til late at night! They were really fresh and large, too. We also had some of the best gnocchi in garlic and wine. The bartender was awesome - she provided great conversation and gave us pretty cool history on the place and the artist who created the mosaic wall.
I liked their name. Seafood unlimited, what a great name. Unfortunately their food wasn't. 
The interior was unique, very blue and dark not sure if I liked that. I feel like I was eating in a fish tank. Restaurant was pretty empty and we were seated right away. 

Got grilled salmon dish and scallop. Eh... I had better before. Food wasn't very special to me and I wasn't very impressed with ambiance either so I haven't back since my first trip.
Walking by this one day, I made a note to myself to look it up and get more info. Bar, restaurant, AND fish market? I was amazed. Upon looking at their website, I saw they had happy hour everyday from 5-close. That's not even happy hour, that is happy (many) hours. They looked like they had a good selection of food and drink specials at several price points. 

My roommate and I decided to give it a shot last night so we went in for happy hour around 6:30. Note: you can only get happy hour specials at the bar, and the bar has about 5 seats. Good thing there was only one other person there at the time. Upon looking at the menu again, we realized the only two cocktails on special were margaritas and lynchburg lemonade, which she informed me was lemonade with bourbon and sprite (ew). Both were $5 and then they had some wine specials for about the same price. We both got margaritas and they were pretty good, but small. 

We were hungry so I ordered the garlic & herb mussels ($6)  and my roommate got the fish and chips ($8). Both we really tasty, but once again, small. These prices would be a deal for a larger portion but for what we got it was nothing special. The dinner menu looked decently priced (not crazy expensive, definitely not cheap) and so did the fish in the case that they have, so I might stop back again to give it one more try.
This is a review from a dinning experience last year in January. It was the  worst experience that I have ever had in a restaurant. I bet that even Olive Garden has better quality than this place. The location is very small, but that was not an issue. There were not that many people there. Service was absolutely poor. Server didn't ask if we wanted tap water or bottled water. Meals were so poorly cooked. Basically they offered: -Nasty smelling crab-cakes; 
-Cold and old bread; 
-Not tasty food at all; 
-Wine (gone bad), which we left it there unfinished. 
Bottom line, save your money for another place to have a good time.
Hmmm where do I start with this POS restaurant. We went here for restaurant week thinking ah how bad could it be? Well folks......its pretty bad. Decor is nice & the service wasn't bad at all, but the food on the other hand disappointed me to the core. I get for $35 a person an establishment wants to budget a little bit so they don't lose money, but seriously? These portion sizes were a joke. My girlfriend received THREE buffalo shrimp as an app, while i opted for the shrimp mac & cheese, which was cold in parts and hot in others (confirmation it was microwaved). The entrees weren't much better.....three tiny shrimps with crab meat & an awfully cooked tenderloin with my shrimp. You cheap f***s really couldn't of served better beef as a main? Meat also was a whole 6oz. I literally left still hungry, and had to go grab takeout somewhere else! Very Sad! 
   And the dessert! Jesus Christ, probably the worst f*****g chocolate mousse ive ever tasted. It was flat, bland, and left a pit in your stomach (my girlfriend actually got sick from it). $110 wasted at this dump, we won't be back. If you're reading this, do yourself a favor and take a whole 17 steps across the street and go to Twenty Manning Grill! Much better portions & quality of food. Seafood Unlimited was overrated garbage, and clearly shows that just because you're in Rittenhouse, doesn't mean your food will be high class.
Came here tonight for "happy hour" and was pretty impressed. I have been looking for a place in Philly to get good, reasonably-priced and fresh seafood, and I think I may have found it here. I am always skeptical because Philly isn't on the ocean, and at some other restaurants around the city that won't be named, the seafood I have eaten tastes fresh from the freezer. Almost everything that my friend and I ordered here, though, actually tasted fresh.

My friend and I ordered $5 margaritas and a bunch of appetizers that definitely filled us up. We started off with the calamari stuffed with crabmeat. The portion was relatively small, but the flavor made up for it. It basically tasted like grilled calamari wrapped around crabcakes--yum. Next, we had the better part of a dozen raw clams and oysters. My favorite were the clams, but each of the clams and oysters are only $1 for happy hour, so I would definitely recommend trying both and then ordering more of what you like. We then ordered mussels in green curry sauce, which sounded like a weird combination. I was skeptical, but it ended up tasting pretty good. I think the dish needed a few pieces of baguette or toast on the side for dipping, though, to get a better sense of the flavor. Finally, we ordered the crab spring rolls. I probably liked these the least because they were a little too oily, but there was a decent amount of crab inside them, so overall they were ok.

It is true that they let you order off the happy hour menu from 5 - close, at least on a Wednesday night. The thing that I found strange about the happy hour was that the drinks were definitely discounted and so were the clams and oysters on the raw bar, but the rest of the food items listed on their "happy hour" menu were the same prices listed on the dinner menu. We only found this out because we came hungry and wanted to look at both menus to decide if the appetizer-sized portions would be filling enough. Even if they would have knocked $1 off each of the appetizers listed on the happy hour menu, I would have found their happy hour offerings more legitimate...  I'll definitely be back, though.
If you are looking for a place with a fresh menu that rotates, this is the place for you. The crab ragoon, Ahi Tuna dish, and cake were all ridiculously good! #philadelphia #restaurantweek
Excellent food with a cozy/romantic vibe. Great service, especially Christian behind the bar.
I love this place. The decor is awesome, the service is always very friendly and fast. The food is delicious, I ordered the sea bass and my grandmother got the Arctic char, very fresh and tasty! Definitely no complaints here, I will be returning!
Very Unsatisfied with my fish tacos. I ordered with uberEats the delivery was prompt, but the tacos were nasty and sloppy. They barley had any flavor at all. I would never try this place again!
Don't bother coming here for all you can eat mussels. They advertise their availability but despite showing up at 6:30 pm they were already out. A seafood restaurant advertising a special they were unable to provide at a normal dinner hour.
Never again! I made the mistake of eating here on Valentine's day. The energy in this place is dismal as well as the service...not to mention the remodel feels like something between magic gardens on South Street and a toilet.
The food was decent, but received a glass of malbec with as much sediment as you would find on a river bank! The server had the chutzpah to let us know this is normal-With a bill close to $100 I expect to be treated as a guest not an idiot...Needless to say we will not be returning to this restroom.
I'd been psyched for a while to try Seafood Unlimited's endless mussels on Mondays. To be honest, I was kind of underwhelmed. The mussels weren't cleaned nearly as well as I would have cleaned them at home (I was pulling little beards off all night). The flavors for great, however, the green curry in particular. I was looking around the dining room and felt jealous about the meals that others were having, so maybe staying away from their special offers is the way to go at Seafood Unlimited.
Tonight's happy hour devours has led me to Seafood Unlimited Bar and Restaurant; a graduate hospital seafood spot. It's very small yet very sleek with up to date decor. And it's bring your own wine (BYOW). They also have outside seating. Nonetheless, while here I was greeted in a wonderful manner at the door and was nicely shown to the bar. My bartender was new to the establishment, yet really nice and very informative of, both, the happy hour menu and dinner menu. Whatever questions I had; she answered in the best way she could which was good to see effort. She suggested that I try the pomegranate cape cod. Which was fresh pomegranate and Vaca and lime. The drink was really good and very refreshing. I then choose to indulge in their happy hour buck-a-shuck Bluepoint Oysters. The Oysters were very tasty. However, they were a bit warm. From my happy hour snack I ordered something off the main menu. I chose to order the garlic and herb with a bit of Thai sauce mussels. They were very tasteful and delightful. They were packed with garlic just the way I like them .
Worst place I've eaten at in awhile. Server was sloppy food tastes freezer fresh. Gross.
Here's my beef (or salmon) with this place. The service is good, it's in my neighborhood, and their seafood is fresh. The way they cook it, however, is questionable. You don't take ahi tuna and grill the carp out of it, or take lobster tail and boil the crawfish out of it. Just bad decisions. Raw bar (oysters, shrimp cocktail, when they used to have it), not bad, and it's pretty reasonable.
Come here, get some fresh seafood (they sell it at market price), and cook it at home, is my rec.
Seafood Unlimited is my secret hideaway no more - as everyone seems to have discovered its adorable mosaic bar, happy hour specials, friendly bartenders, as well as its dinner of fish in your fav style with 2 sides of your choice for a reasonable price . During the spring & summer, they have outdoor seating - perfect for dining al fresco with your lovely date &/ or pets; people watching; and feeling oh -so- lucky to live in one of the most wonderful cities in the world .
Went for center city restaurant week with best friend. Really wanted to like this place, however, my experience was pretty underwhelming. Before coming to the restaurant I called ahead to see about adding two more people to our reservation and the man told me that we would have to be pushed back an hour. So we arrive at scheduled time only to find out that the table we're sitting at could have sat four people. The food was OK, not piping hot but not cold either. Presentation could've been a little better. Also it's cash only so that's something to consider. Will most likely not return, unfortunately. Our waitress was very nice and accommodating, that's my reasoning behind three out of five stars otherwise it would probably be one or two out of five.
Overall rating 'Just good'.  A little pricey for dining in a converted row house. Not very comfortable.

Service great!  Food is good but not worth the price.

I don't appreciate 'cash only' restaurants.
Seafood Unlimited might be the Red Lobster of Rittenhouse, well minus the cheddar biscuits ( which are damn good). My mom wanted something close by since she was picking me up from work and it had to be seafood.We arrived to an empty restaurant this past Monday, i now know why it was empty.
The smell of fish lurks from the upstairs fish market. It wasnt too bad but not a good first impression when your about to dine. Mom decided on RW i went with options on the regular menu. I will say that the wine list here is lack luster and thats being very nice. The list itself is pretty bare and the options are unattractive. They did have a feature bottle of a pinot grigio for 19.00 so i decided to get that.
the RW menu seemed legit and the first two courses though small were pretty good. The house salad came with goat cheese, orange segments and a really good lemon dressing. The seafood empananda mostly crust had an interesting  taste im not sure exactly what "seafood" was in the center as nothing that was dropped off in front of us came with an explanation.Things went down hill for the entree the "crab cakes" looked more like the crabby patties you see on sponge bob square pants. I tried a bite and they were super dry. Making crab cakes is an art form you need enough moisture and legit amounts of crab meat. It was quite a disgrace. My mom didnt finish one she just requested her dessert. The finale was carrot cake served slightly warm, it was actually pretty good. 
I had a better time with my meal the mussels were of substantial size i will say that the garlic flavor came in full force and the broth was slightly salty but all in all they were plump and uber  delish. My entree size salad was average but the parmesan crusted shrimp i added to it made it pretty filling. 
I wont be back and its sad because there arent many really good seafood options in the city as it is.
Two and a half stars.

Decor was horrible-- tables that small should be outlawed! Plus our table was super wobbly, our drinks were about to fall over.

Food was okay. Oysters weren't as fresh as I've had before; I wanted to stop halfway but my husband doesn't eat oysters so it would have been a total waste. I got the sesame crusted ahi tuna with some kind of pineapple/papaya sauce with sauteed snap peas and polenta cakes. The ahi tuna, although cooked medium rare, was dry. I don't know how that was possible, but the sauce definitely saved it. Snap peas were standard and polenta cakes were unexciting.
I ordered takeout twice & every dish was just great. The Seafood Empanadas, the fish & chips the Manhattan clam chowder the sea bass and the seafood marinara were ALL delicious. I have never ordered takeout where EVERYTHING every morsel was sooooo good I was wanting for more. The place is very cozy, spotless & the staff is  exceptionally friendly . I  can't wait to eat in the next time I'm not in a hurry.
What the hell on the negative reviews?!? We almost didn't come here because of them, but thank goodness we looked past!! Great atmosphere, great service, and great food!! The NEngland clam chowder to die for!! Having had many of the bests in San Francisco, that's a lot to be said. Even the Brussel sprouts out the haters to shame!
The best seafood meals I've had at this place are the specials - lobster, softshell crabs, swordfish, branzino, arctic char, and more. The grilled fish is fresh and delicious. The bartenders mix very good cocktails, and I like the option of bringing my own wine. I enjoy looking at the huge Zagar mural. The servers are friendly, courteous, and attentive. The background music does not interfere with conversation. I will return and recommend it to seafood lovers.
My husband and I live in the neighborhood and we always had a soft spot for Seafood Unlimited. It was the place where we knew we could go for a solid meal or to pick up some fish to cook ourselves. They underwent extensive renovations in the spring and summer and I have to say - I want the old Seafood Unlimited back! The old decor was simple, plain, and cozy. No frills, but that was just fine, seeing as it's not a trendy restaurant; rather, it's a place where the clientele is mixed but leans toward a 65+ crowd. Now the decor is trendy and club-like, as another reviewer mentioned. The fresh seafood case is gone and the bar has been moved into its place to allow for more seating. Ah, seating. My husband and I aren't large people but I felt very uncomfortable squeezing in between the tables to sit on the bench side. My apologies to the couple at the table next to ours - I tried not to insult you by inserting my derriere into your eating space! Also, my husband's seat was awkwardly positioned next to the server's station with a clear view into the kitchen. There isn't enough mood lighting in the world that can fix that vantage point! Now, for the part that matters the most - the food. They have expanded their menu but the good old standbys are still available. We ordered the crab cakes and the panko-crusted sea bass. We were incredibly underwhelmed at the quality of the food. The crab cakes didn't have a lot of flavor and the french fries that we had as a side tasted like the ones you get frozen in the grocery store. Not bad, but not fresh. The "fresh" vegetables were bland and soggy, thanks to the amount of butter and oil used to saute them. The panko-crusted sea bass was actually a bit soggy and definitely bland. Accompanied by thick, dry mashed potatoes and a few measly artichoke hearts, the whole dish was just very blah. It was actually a bit of a challenge to cut the fish because the breading was somewhat sticky when I tried to flake the fish using my fork. The mashed potatoes were a solid clump. That's about all I need to say about them. Absolutely nothing special about either of our dinners and, at $23/plate, we were disappointed. This is a shame because we used to genuinely enjoy the place. I think we'd need one heck of a good reason to go back.
The Monday night all-you-can eat mussels deal is awesome at only $11.95 with an extra 5 bucks for linguini.  My favorite was the green curry mussels by far...the garlic herb ones weren't that flavorful.  

The decor of this place is definitely tacky with the neon purple/pastel lighting and fish/underwater sea wall tiles. The service was great and the waiter didn't really make us feel like fat slobs for ordering more rounds of mussels. This isn't the sort of place I'd go for the ambiance but I'd definitely be back to stuff my face on delicious and cheap mussels.
Went here during lunch one day after searching for a new place to eat. The waitress wouldn't let me sit where I wanted because it was just me, however it was during a slow time and two other solos came in and got to sit where they pleased.

Ordered a shrimp melt which I was a little leary about because I had concerns that it would lack flavor...and rightfully so because it did, very bland not even the cheese helped.

Then I went to pay my bill and for whatever the reason, the waitress thought it okay to give me my dollars yet keep about 35 cents with no mention of it. When I mentioned it to her she said she'd have to get the register opened to get the change so I let her know that's what she'll need to do then. Thing about it is I probably would have included that change with her tip but how about not deciding for me that that's what should go down!

I'll try this place again and get something I'm more likely to like see if my judgement is different but if I see this waitress I'm heading right back out of the door!
Beautiful decor! I felt like I was under the sea! Wavy beautiful blue glassy material everywhere. My shrimp was super yummy. My husband I really enjoyed ourselves. Also nice mixed drinks and a lovely bar. The staff was really nice too.
I like this place a lot. I says recommend people go there if they like seafood.the staff is always nice and accommodating. They're never too busy which is a plus for me because you can enjoy nice conversation. The decor is styled to resemble the ocean. I thought that was cute and different. Only thing I don't like are the constant hour shifts without notice. Twice I've driven down only to find out they weren't open. Brunch is the best with unlimited drinks for 12$. Plus they're BYOB.
I don't enjoy writing bad reviews and this is my first two star rating. However, I had my eye on this restaurant for a while and was very disappointed with the food. I ate at Seafood Unlimited with friends and ordered the fish tacos and clam chowder. The chowder was more or less passable but the tacos were almost flavorless. The tacos had a few small drops of basic Sriracha type sauce but were dry, bland, had almost nothing on them besides consisting of breaded fish and a square or two of iceberg lettuce. There was nothing on the side of the tacos. If I'd placed two saltless fish sticks in plain flour tortillas with three (two?) drops of run of the mill hot sauce I think I could duplicate their recipe. They were not worth the $12 I paid. Or even if I'd paid $5.  

On the plus side, the service was very good and consistent and the ambiance was nice. My friend said her salmon was ok but she wasn't a fan of the chowder. Some people standing outside the restaurant said their food was alright.

With so many fantastic and reasonably priced restaurants in the area, I won't return to Seafood Unlimited.
Fresh! Fresh! Fresh! Seafood and great quality too! I went twice in seven days; David was our server and he remembered us and everything we ordered. Needless to say we had great service and delicious food. They were very nice to my mother and took care of her dietary issues, she is a tough customer too! Everything was perfectly seasoned, nothing was over salted and their specials are top shelf!

I'd the cod which included two vegetables and bread, remember bread and water? They offer it without having to ask for it. On our second visit we both ordered the lobster, it was sweet like sugar. My mother loved everything and ordered the gazpacho twice, appetizers during her first visit plus dessert each time. 

They've an amazing happy hour at the bar only.  Go there, the food is prepared with love!
It saddens me greatly to write this review, yet I feel compelled to write it. I've been frequenting Seafood unlimited on and off for 14 years, and have loved the place...but whatever's happened to this little hole-in-the-wall in the last few months has completely reversed my opinion. About 6 months ago, my friend and I swung by for dinner, and had a terrible experience - something had gone horribly wrong back in kitchen and we waited well over an hour and a half for our food. Thankfully, when the food did (eventually) arrive, it was as tasty as I'd always known Seafood Unlimited to be, and the comped wine helped to wash away any bad feeling; so I decided to put this one down to an off night and not turn my back on the place. My last visit to Seafood Unlimited was a far less pleasant experience. I was in a group of 6, and the restaurant was about two-thirds full (which, for seafood unlimited, constitutes about 7 tables). We had a reservation that left us with 2 hours before movie tickets we'd booked, which should have been plenty of time...but apparently it wasn't. To say that our waiter was clueless would be giving him too much credit. He screwed up half of the orders (either the entree, the sides, or both) and failed to even bring sour cream for the (horrifically over-cooked) baked potatoes. To make it worse, some of those entrees were really, really bad - most notably the crab cakes and the salmon. So, Seafood Unlimited, this was your last shot and you blew it - massive thumbs down for a place that was, for years and years, one of my favourite neighbourhood joints.
I went into the restaurant and had ordered a drink and was enjoying my evening after a hard day at work and was getting ready to order dinner when I happen to look up and see a very tiny sign Cash Only! I had no cash on me, only credit cards! Oh but we have an ATM machine which they make money off of! THE ONLY REASON WHY A RESTAURANT OFFERS CASH ONLY IS THEY DON'T WANT TO PAY THE CREDIT CARD INTERCHANGE RATES, OR THEY ARE MONEY LAUNDERING, OR THEY DON'T WANT A MONEY TRAIL FOR THE IRS.
Avoid this restaurant like the plague! In this day and age any reputable restaurant in Philadelphia takes debit and credit cards. The hostess make me give her my cell phone as collateral for me to come back with cash to pay my my drink! No sign what so ever that it was cash only. Until I saw the very tiny sigh after I had ordered! Bad!
This was a restaurant that I had walked by a few times and became curious about since moving to its neighborhood. So I decided to check it out for dinner this past weekend. Didn't quite know what to expect as i had never really seen the inside as its kinda hidden by its bar in the front window. 

First impression as i walked in was holy shit, the floor looks like my parents old bathroom...before it got redone. Definitely a sort of dive type place with a personal following as there was some loud dude at the bar rambling about god knows what... But onto the food.

This place is also apparently BYOW, which i didn't realize until we sat down, so that's always a plus. We started off with some Oysters which were nice size, but standard. It might also be that for the most part, all oysters taste the same to me, there i said it. But anyway, for the main, we both decided on the crab cakes(2 per plate) with a choice of standard potato and veg sides. All in all it was a nice meal, but nothing to rave about. I would definitely go again to try some of the other cuts of fish. But that might be cause its really close to my house.
Can't say enough about this place. The food was incredible and the staff are super friendly and helpful. I had the best New England clam chowder I have ever had.  And I've had a lot of clam chowder. My waitress suggested the soft shell crab since they are in season; and I am beyond happy that I took her reco. They had run out of the risotto, so they subbed in this amazing garlicky rice. Everything was amazing. Everyone come here!!!!
Bad news: Seafood Unlimited is a misnomer. Seafood Unlimited should always be a misnomer. There is nothing unlimited about edible seafood and very well there shouldn't be. Still I tried this place for the promise of a happy hour menu...which turned out to be identical to their regular menu. 

The only unlimited thing at Seafood Unlimited was the shellfish. The $1 oysters were totally tasteless. As in no salt whatsoever. A friend in the restaurant business tells me that this happens when oysters are placed in ice but the ice melts and rinses out all the flavor. Translation: this seafood restaurant that doesn't know how to store oysters. On the plus side, the flavorful Clams were also $1.
We moved on to the Crab Stuffed Calamari which was, for lack of a better word, YUMMMMMM!
We moved on to Crab Spring Rolls, which were crammed with moist crab, but sadly the deep frying sucked out all the flavor. But props for not skimping on an expensive ingredient.
We concluded with the Mussels in Thai green curry but this was one of those unfortunate situations where putting two mediocre things together doesn't improve either one.

I know I deserve a scolding for expecting decent seafood in a city known for the lack thereof. Just keep in mind that there are definite, well-known limits to the quality of seafood in Philly in general so I actually almost feel guilty docking them (no pun intended...).
Decided to try a new place with a friend for Restaurant Week. Made reservation for Seafood Unlimited after browsing a list of over 100 restaurants. GLAD I chose this place. 

Best part of the meal, Seafood Empanadas!! I might sell my niece for another one of those!!! Our waiter, Dave (he answered all my crazy questions, esp when I tried to get the recipe for the empanadas- but didn't get the recipe). With the temperature that day being in the teens, the butternut squash bisque was deelish.

Will certainly be going back!
came here for brunch with a friend because we were enticed by the bottomless mimosas. food was generic but relatively tasty. Mimosas were very strong which was great! They were made one at a time, not in poured from a gigantic premixed diluted pitcher like at some other places that also have bottomless mimosas. 

We came here at noon on a Saturday and there was only one other table of people.

The guy running the show during brunch was kind of rude. And there were some awkward exchanges between him and the guests next to us. I even heard him telling the waitress to try to sell us sparkling water instead of giving us tap..because he "still has to pay for tap water" but is giving it away for free. I felt bad for the wait staff. 
These exchanges kinda turned me off to the place..though I was too happy from the 4 mimosas I had had to care at the time.
I occasionally purchase fresh seafood here, most recently live lobsters.  The seafood is nice (I've also gotten scallops and salmon), and the place is conveniently located.  I don't care for the ambiance, which is why I don't go there to eat.  Somehow it's always a little awkward when I'm getting fish from the case, like they are surprised I am there.  Also, it is common for the employees to have no idea how much the stuff costs.  But, they always have a couple decent beers on tap at the little bar, and it's nice that they are BYOW despite having a liquor license.
Restaurants were crowded tonight so stopped in empty Seafood Unlimited. My wife wondered why it was so empty since our experience had been that the food was excellent. After waiting for awhile to order a drink then another while to get a drink we placed our order. We had to ask for water. I had to get up and go to the bar to get another drink. The waiter hardly ever stopped by. Worse service I have seen in a Philly restaurant ever. Now we know why they were empty. Great food but you need to be willing to be frustrated by the lack of service. Never again will we eat there. Too many good restaurants around.
I like food. 

When given the chance to go out and drink with my roommate, while enjoying awesome food, I will leap at said opportunity. Lovely roommate (I mention her quite often but only since she is the sunshine to my grey days) mentioned going to Seafood, since she had heard really good things about their margaritas and popcorn shrimp. 

Roommate did not disappoint (as if she could ever let me down). The margaritas were amazing and the popcorn shrimp were enough for me to warrant staying around until close, testing the establishments 'unlimited' promise. The bartender, a lovely lady, kept the drinks coming and was attentive beyond words. 

While I may have been sitting at the bar, the restaurant was packed by 6:30 and stayed busy until close. The mural facing the bar was done by the same artist who designed the South Street monstrosity that is the Magic Garden. Said mural is tasteful and works beautifully with the restaurant. It is a one of a kind piece and makes the art actually work. There is nothing gauche about it. Did I mention the fish tacos? They're amazing. 

Just go. The food is wonderful. Service is prompt. The atmosphere is really cute and if you see the owner running around, check out her amazing hair.
I have lived in Philly for 15 years and never stepped into Seafood Unlimited.  Then, the outdoor tables beckoned on a beautiful October evening.   Now, I have been there twice in ten days.

This is NOT a trendy scene.  Try Snackbar or Rouge or Parc for that.  This is a classic Philadelphia dining experience- just a few steps above a diner- with value in mind.  BYOB is now available.  The HH menu goes all night long.  $5 mussels, cocktails, and other goodies.  My friend and I sampled 3 HH menu items + 2 margaritas.  Yummy.

Props to our server M- super sweet and attentive.
The seafood was amazingly delicious. My brother from another mother never had a whole lobster and we oicked this place for dinner on a Saturday night. The perfect choice. Everything was so good from the ambiance, appetizers,  and dinner. The only downfall is parking.
Mediocre... which in Philly means you should skip it, because there are much better options for the money you will spend here!

Food was the major problem. The fish tacos were a joke - fried pieces of fish with no sauce and no flavor. They have a "snacks" happy hour menu that comes with about 1 item per order - so if you get the "fish tacos" snack, I believe you get 1 taco. Other food was similarly mediocre.

Service was pretty good but not terribly friendly. Place was almost empty. Also, the lighting in the restaurant is this horrible neon blue! Will not be back.
Warm atmosphere delicious soups,food loved the buck-a-shuck clams, the hospitality of my server
They have the best happy hour menu I have seen in a long time! 5-7 is half off selected appetizers, $1 a shuck oysters and discounted cocktails. And it's available every day! That is almost unheard of in Rittenhouse Square! 

The staff were all very friendly and welcoming. Christian was our bartender and he made great drink suggestions to my friend and I. The bar carries Pearl Cucumber Vodka and not many bars in Philly have cucumber vodka so I was pleasantly surprised. 

One of the walls in the restaurant feature a large mosaic mural by Isiah Zagar. The Philadelphia artist is the founding artist of Philadelphia's Magic Gardens on South Street. Seeing one of his murals in a Rittenhouse restaurant is very rare, if not one-of-a-kind. 

I will be back again to try the scallop dish that was highly recommend!
My wife and I like to venture and try new restaurants, most of the times we follow other reviews on Yelp to help make our decision.  With that said we tried Seafood Unlimited anyway and found out why the place losing customers and why they had such low reviews.  These are my 3 issues with the place....(please read, this may help save your life or at least trips to the bathroom)

1. We had the seafood pasta and their lobster special (I'll get to the seafood pasta in a bit).  As we are finishing our meal the chef comes out of the kitchen and proceeds to apologize on the phone with a customer from the night before, in the middle of the restaurant.  He is apologizing to the customer for getting sick on the lobster special he ate the other night and how his entire family spent the night in the bathroom.  Did I mention that my wife and I were just finishing our lobster special?  Seriously? Does that conversation need to take place right there for everyone in the restaurant to hear?  We were lucky and did not get sick but I don't have to tell you what a negative impression that left. 

2. The seafood pasta only had shrimps and scallops.  Anytime I ever had seafood pasta from any seafood restaurant, it had more than two seafood ingredients and I'm counting my corner pizzeria that happens to serve seafood pasta.  The pasta was ok but it lacked the seafood flavor and I guess I know why. I think it's a very expensive dish especially when you only have two ingredients....I could have done better, the pizzeria around the corner certainly does. 

3. Appetizer and desert.  We had the fried mussels...it lacked flavor as if it was precooked and not fresh.  Desert was $6 and was super tiny.  

I would not recommend this place especially for the price you are paying.  Employees were nice enough but lacked the attention to detail and missed on providing some added service we saw other tables received.  If you decide to go....be warmed.  Did I tell you about the lobster?
The service was excellent.   The food was fair.  I would not recommend or go back.  It is a very quaint establishment.  The staff were all pleasant.  I had crab cakes which were fair.  I also order Sea Bass which was pretty bland.  I love seafood it was looking forward to going.... I left somewhat disappointed and unsatisfied.
We were sitting outside enjoying our dinner. The owner came out to chat and remembered us from being here several weeks ago.   She went inside and came back out with a smile and my husbands favorite shirt in her hand.  He had been searching every space in our house for this.  How elated was he to reunite with it once again.  Seafood unlimited gets lots of points in our book and we will be back again. 
BTW- absolutely the best fish tacos in Philly
Great meal and service. One of the few restaurants that is BYOB and also has a bar. Soft shell crabs were excellent.
I can't believe I never knew about this place! I was a bike messenger for 3 years, stationed 3 blocks north at 20th and Chestnut and passed it daily, unaware. Apparently it's been around since 1971, too. Discovered it this summer getting Brown Betty's across the street! ha Now that I know about it I stop in at least once a week.

I could eat mussels for dinner every night and never get tired of them. Have had some problems with quality at some establishments in the city. I'm glad to find a new place to add to my rounds. Better yet: Mondays are All-You-Can-Eat mussels. As far as I know this is the only place with a deal like that. 

One of my other reasons for making this a regular spot is they have both New England AND Manhattan clam chowder. The staff will mix them together for you, making Rhode Island clam chowder, my favorite, and something else you'd be hard-pressed to find in Philly.

Finally, I love the low-key atmosphere. The Isaiah Zagar mural on the wall behind the bar brings a little bit of South Philly funk to Center City. The staff talks to you like you're a regular and will meet any request happily (so far - I haven't gotten too adventurous yet). There's a fish store too. Which reminds me, the chef is kinda rude, but all chefs are in my experience so it only adds to the ambiance. 

Phinally, I've watched more Phillies games up at the bar than I have on my flatscreen at home. If its slow the owner will sit down with you and talk baseball. That alone is enough for me to keep coming back.
The food here has always been good. Many years ago it was also very inexpensive and I could have a seafood platter delivered at a low-cost. Then they remodeling the place and it is much nicer but the prices did go up a bit. But the food is still good and  the atmosphere is nice. All the people that work there are very nice.  I go there every so often to meet a friend and enjoy it very much.  Definitely recommend.
It's a bar (check out happy hour) with six stools.  It's a restaurant.  It's a market.  Reasonably priced.  Lots of regulars.

Good happy hour drinks and bar menu.  Dinners are fresh, well-prepared, and feature generous portions.  The scallops were HUGE--my mom loved them.  I enjoyed my broiled bluefish.  

You can choose any fish they have in the market and choose how you want it prepared.  I like getting exactly what I want.

This is a good neighborhood restaurant.
I went to this place with a girlfriend and needless to say we had a wonderful time...We came for the bar meals and drinks and it was a wonderful experience.  The place was brightly lit and the service was really good!!!! I called earlier to ask about the bar seating, the manager stated that if the bar was full he would place me somewhere else and I could still get the bar price menu...as we entered we saw the bar was full and the the manager remembered me and sat us down and honored his word...I really like that in a manager...
I ordered the friend shrimp and for the drink I ordered the lemonade with burbon...the shrimp platter was 6 bucks and the drink was 5 bucks....I enjoyed every bit of the meal...the shrimp was fresh and the drink was to die for...the noise level was moderate..I liked it because dead silence is awkward in a restaurant...
Needless to say I will be back and with more friends...great place!!! I recommend this place to anyone....
This seafood restaurant has been in the same location in the Rittenhouse Square area for at least four decades. It is STILL  our regular go-to for a great meal...whether eat-in, delivery, or pick-up. Owner David Einhorn always resources the best daily catches of everything,--from  colossal shrimp to sea bass to lobster to the catch of the day.
We do mostly take out and Streeter during the pandemic, but still  love this Philly neighborhood institution.  Whether a classic fried seafood platter, or a creative twist on a favorite fish steak or filet---David, his  knowledgeable, friendly servers, fair pricing  and consistently great seafood always make for a fine experience. Go!
Well.....I truly enjoyed our meal and the entire dining experience - Judy and her staff went above and beyond in making our food and overall dining experience fantastic.  I really liked the zucchini fritters (more like a latka) and the tuna steak with the mango and couscous was a home run!  Finished with the homemade bread pudding and tasted the carrot cake - which finished off the meal perfectly - We enjoyed watching the Preakness on TV (bonus) and ended up on the patio out front for an after dinner drink.  Great location, good people there and the food aint too shabby - 

PS - I read the reviews after I ate there (and I'm glad I did) - the restaurant 'critics' in Philly are tough, tough, tough - lots of Iggle fans I guess!  ;)
I never went to Seafood Unlimited before the renovation.  I must say, I am very, VERY impressed with the decor and the food!  I am a soft-shell crab-a-holic and these were among the best soft-shells I've ever had!   My daughter is a very picky eater and they have a great kids menu that caters to the picky eater.  When my daughter's pasta came out with parsley garnish (a no-no for my kid), the owner took it right away and got her another plate.  It was our fault for not telling the waiter not to put the green stuff on (we usually remember), but they fixed it right away.  

I will be going back and I'm going to take my friends!
Enticed by their alleged happy hour, I stopped by the bar here recently with a friend.  The bar has appealing Philly flavor with the large Zagar mosaic lining the bar wall.

The menus said nothing about a happy hour.  When asked about the happy hour, the bar tender mentioned $5 house wines, and that was mostly it.  No food specials were mentioned.  That's not much of a happy hour.  The house white was drinkable, so we actually each got a second glass.

Of the food options, we tried the seafood salad and the fish tacos.  The fish tacos are supposedly made with cod, which I much prefer to tilapia - the tofu/pigeon of the fish ponds - which most establishments use these days, sadly.  Once fried and put in a taco, though, it's hard to tell which white fish is actually in there.  The fish was fried and the taco included some veggies and sauce.  Overall, the taco was not particularly memorable.

The seafood salad came with some scallops, shrimp, and crab meat atop a green salad with actual green leafs, as opposed to iceberg "lettuce," which was nice.  The seafood items themselves were wholly uninspired and uninspiring.  But at least seemed sufficiently fresh.
Nice cute adorable place in the heart of center city. I enjiyed the ambiance.  The bartender was so sweet.  I kove a good host. The food was tasty nothing too special. Everything definitely tasted home made. Great intimate setting for a date a night or solo night on the town.
Happy hour every day: yes please!!!! Just had a great Sunday Funday Happy Hour. Just tried most of the happy hour menu. Christian is an awesome bartender. This place is such a great deal for Rittenhouse. Christian made us some awesome margaritas and cucumber vodka drinks. My fav on the happy hour menu are the $1 a shuck oysters and fish tacos. Mussels were also good.  Devon has long been my fav for oysters in the city but I now think that seafood unlimited has the best oysters: nice big fresh oysters for only $1 during HH. Fish tacos had the best sauce. Great quiet place to watch Eagles and enjoy some seafood specials during HH on a Sunday. I will be back.
Background:
- Came here on NYE, a Saturday night, winter time. 
- Party of 2.
- Restaurant has been around for 40 years.

Overall, I wouldn't be opposed to giving this place a second shot. Seems like they have their ways and are successful since they've been around for 40 years. In future visits I would be more specific about how I want my food prepared. I would also come here only under very casual circumstances...lunch, happy hour, Sunday afternoon food/beer date with friends, or if I just wanted specific seafood and was in the area. I would not celebrate any special occasions here as the atmosphere is plain. Read on for deets.

Atmosphere:
- Small restaurant. Pretty quiet. About 6-8 tables of varying size total. Orange/warm colored walls. Little to no decor.
- Very simple, ultra casual style. Good place to go if you want seafood, but don't feel like dealing with high-end prices or pretension.
- They played really romantic-ish music while we were there which was strange for the restaurant since it's very casual and it was NYE. Gave me the impression they tried to make up for the plain walls with the music.
- Quiet atmosphere. I could comfortably talk to my dinner date without yelling. 
- Because of the size of the restaurant, the 2-seater table we sat at was really awkwardly placed.
- Clean bathroom.

Food:
- I ordered 6 raw oysters as an appetizer ($9), and lobster and beef tenderloins for entree ($30). 
- The oysters were very good. In my mind, it's hard to screw up something raw! They came chilled over ice with lemon and a marinara sauce (standard). Shells about 3-3.5" size - good size.
- The entree came with asparagus and mashed potatoes. Lobster was a good size, but not tender enough. Beef was over cooked. Side vegetables were very good. Asparagus cooked right and bright green, and mashed potatoes, standard comfort food fare.

Service:
- The owner/head waitress/hostess (small place, so not sure) was very friendly. We had trouble spotting the restaurant from the street (it's very small and tucked in between a couple businesses) and called the restaurant for help. The owner saw us at the corner and navigated us to the restaurant over the phone.
- Our waiter was very nice, but seemed overwhelmed or distracted. Missed standard cues such as: introducing himself, clearing empty plates or glasses from table, didn't leave us with salt and pepper on the table (had to flag him down), served lobster without drawn butter (had to flag him down). 
- Spilled my martini on the table.
- Waiter also spilled water in front of our table and splashed us. Not too big of a deal, it was just water, but he already striked out a couple times.
- I mentioned that the beef was dry and all he did was quickly mumble, "Sorry."

Drinks:
- Ordered their specialty winter drink, an apple cinnamon martini ($8/9) and then a mango martini ($8/9). 
- Apple cinn drink was unique, but I wouldn't order it again.
- Mango martini tasted like it was made from actual juice. Flavor actually reminded me that of those huge cans of apricot juice. Would not order again.
