So, I was coerced into eating a meal here again. Since graduating Drexel, I wanted to try it again for old times sake. I popped in on a Wednesday night to check out their quizzo, which I was late for. You order on the first floor and they give you a buzzer so you can grab a table upstairs and chat while waiting for your food. I just watched the quizzo game and guessed the answers with my boyfriend. I thought the questions were a little too easy from what I remembered. Soon enough, our buzzer went off. 

Man, the food here is a calorie bomb. I always thought of Shake Shack as a healthier, or at least more mindful joint to get a burger at. I'm a vegetarian and ordered their 'Shroom burger. I forgot that thing was filled with cheese. It was tasty, the cheese is so ooey googey. Obviously this place is not cut out for a vegan, which kind of sucks. I do wish they had a healthier option for a veggie burger but this mushroom burger is a lot better than I remembered. The fries are super crunchy and crispy and tasty. 

The milkshakes are a little small but oh so tasty. They have a rotating flavor that is changed out once a week and I just happened to be there for the Chocolate Malt Cheesecake flavor. Yummm this was delicious! I might have had more than my share cause I was splitting it with my boyfriend. 

The total for all the food (pictured below) was around $27, which is a little high for a burger joint so you can't really come here that often without breaking the bank or getting super fat. But, you will leave full and happy from all the delicious food. Guilt comes later on the train ride home and you calculate the calories you just ingested (I don't recommend it haha).
This was probably the most disorganized, unfriendly and questionably clean Shake Shack location I've visited. We popped in on Sunday night for dessert and the cashier seemed bothered to help us. 

We received a buzzer after placing our order and stood near the staircase to wait. In that time, I took in the surroundings and was unimpressed by the cleanliness of the counters, floors and other surfaces. Meanwhile, an employee who was collecting metal trays clanged them together loudly as he walked around the restaurant. 

Our desserts were the only saving grace, though the employees could probably use a refresher. My ice cream cone was a bit wonky (but delicious, nonetheless) and my husband's shake was paltry; the cup was only about 2/3 full which was kind of lame. 

We were in the area which is why we visited this location, but I would pick another Shake Shack location in the future.
First time going to shake shack and it was pretty good! Decent burgers and fries, but the custard was a bit too sweet for me. Will have to come back and try more items, but pretty good "fast food" type restaurant.
I'm a huge fan of the Shake Shack app, which launched in early 2017. When it first came out, they gave away a free single Shackburger to each new app user. It's super easy to use. You can put in an order now or schedule it for a later time and you'll get a text notification when it's ready for pick up. Because this location is within Drexel's campus, I always do this during lunch time, so I don't waste time in the line with other students. 

If you don't take your meal to go, they have plenty of seating upstairs and some tables outdoors. When it's especially nice out, they sometimes have a pair of cornhole boards set up.

To be honest, their burgers are a bit pricey, but I would say that it's worth it based on the quality of their fast food. Don't forget to add an order of fries! The crinkle-cut really complements the burger and is perfect for scooping up condiments.
I'm not sure if I get all of the hype of Shack Shake. I know it's an institution in New York and a love fest in Philly, but I just don't get it. 

The burger was a notch above fast food. It was enjoyable but the way everyone talks about Shack Shake, I thought I'd have a life changing moment after my first bite. 

So I thought I was ordering the ShackBurger. I asked about their special ShackSauce and then there was some sort of miscommunication which led to me somehow getting a Cheeseburger. I had requested the ShackSauce on the side since it was mayo based, but I was still hoping for the lettuce and tomato that came on the ShackBurger. I'm not a mayo fan but did enjoy the ShackSauce. While it was mayo based, it was more like an aioli than a hard core mayo. I liked that I was able to spread a small amount on my burger. 

After placing my order it took about 7-10 minutes to get my burger. For food that was similar to fast food, I thought that was too long especially since there wasn't a huge crowd. The student working the sodas was pleasant and we chatted a bit. He was sharing some of the crazy stories of working late nights at an eatery so close to campus. 

All of the seating is upstairs and away from the counter where orders are placed. There were a decent amount of tables and booths, and the area was fairly spacious. 

I was not happy that one of the workers was handling the trash dumpster right behind my table while I was eating. The trash was way too close to comfortable and killed my dining experience. I understand she was doing her job and the trash needed to be handled, but that killed any semblance of a dining experience. 

Based on the fast food-like grub, slow preparation and trash incident I'm inclined to give the legendary Shake Shack a 2. However, the Shack Track and Field program gives them an extra star. They organize group runs, bike rides and an occasional Duathlon (Flywheel class followed by a run). At the end of each event, the first beer is on the house. I think the Shack Track and Field is an awesome community activity and wouldn't hesitate to participate in future events. 

While I may not buy into the Shake Shack craze, I give kudos to their community involvement.
The chick'n shack is my go to item on the menu, make sure to ask for some extra herb mayo on the side. I also love their all-beef hot dogs, my recommendation is get one of those with some cheese fries (cheese on the side). They'll give you a cup of cheese that you can dip both your fries and hot dog in. Delish combo!  And finally, you can't go wrong with their shack burger.

The sandwiches feel smaller than your average burger, so you should probably be ready to get 2 to get full. It can be a bit pricey, but worth it for the sandwiches in my opinion, however I'm disappointed to see a place that has "shake" in their name would charge so much for one. All in all, if you're craving a burger or a chicken sandwich, this is a great spot to go eat and hang out. 

This shake shack is in west Philly near the Drexel campus, there's some metered street parking infront of it but typically tough to find a spot so if you're driving there, make sure to leave some time to find a spot.  I really like the design of this shake shack, it has two stories where you can order downstairs then go sit either outside on a nice day or upstairs where there's ample seating. While you're waiting on your food, there's a foosball table upstairs which is a great way to pass the time!
This was my first time ever trying Shake Shack and wow,wow, WOW is this place reallllllllly good! The only reason I'm taking a star off is because the cashier was extremely rude and seemed to be in a very bad mood. As insensitive as this might seem when you're working with people whatever you're going through is to be left behind you once you enter the job and begin dealing with your customers. Please, don't bring your bad mood into this. 

But, let's get back to the food shall we... Oh my, AMAZING. The burger in particular was just really good to me. I've tasted fast food burgers, restaurant burgers, burgers on the grill and even the "famous" In&Out burgers and I must say Shake Shack may in fact be in the top lead for burgers that I've had in all honesty. I mean, everything in that burger was just good. I just had the regular Shake Shack burger and that was so delicious so I could only imagine what the more detailed burgers were like. This place is good and clean as well and there was a guy, I believe maybe like an assistant manager or something and he was just extremely friendly. He kept coming around asking if we were fine and if we needed anything else and I thought that was very nice. I would def come back to this Shake Shack. Even with the rush of the Drexel move in they were very fast and somewhat organized.
Came here after a winter beer fest because it was in walking distance and exactly what you are craving when you are a lil tipsy and cold! We ordered a double shack burger, a double smokeshack burger and order of cheese fries, two black and white milkshakes. Everything was awesome except I wasn't totally into my milkshake the way I thought I would be! We also ordered two of their Brooklyn Shackmeister ales which is a collaboration between Brooklyn brewery and Shake Shack, which was actually pretty good. Very clean atmosphere, quick service. What's not to like, really.
I walked into Shake Shack ready to find flaws. You see, I've been living in California for 10+ years, and when that happens, you bleed In-and-Out. 

First thoughts: Shake Shack is expensive. Like, double In-and-Out expensive. Their shakes cost as much as their burgers. 

The burgers themselves were quite tasty. Well seasoned and done medium well, which was a plus. The bun, though, was soggy and not crispy/toasted on the inside. Can't stand the soggy bun!

Excellent crinkle cut fries, golden crispy on the outside and soft/steamy on the inside. A+ in my book. I also had a "concrete", which was like a ice cream but with mixins (i.e. donuts, banana). It was pretty good, though a bit expensive for the small amount I got.

If the place wasn't as expensive, it would be a hit. In the meantime, it's a place I would only imagine people visiting sporadically.
Last year I went to the Shake Shack in Manhattan after seeing a musical. There was a huge line to get in and no seats left for me to pop a squat. I got a shake and it was delicious. It tasted like I was drinking slightly melted ice cream. Fabulous. 

So I had high expectations for this Shake Shack. I tried the burger and fries and got another shake. 2000 calories later, decided it was really not worth it. The burger patty is probably the same size/thickness of a McD's but a little tastier with the sauce. The fries were not great. Which pains me to say. The shake was still delicious. So literally, I would ONLY come here when my doctor told me I'm under weight and I need a shake. They really try to make-up for their not so amazing food with the merch-- Cute to-go bags, fun presentation of the food, etc can go a long way. But it seems like that's what you're paying for rather than taste.  

Also, there's not a ton of burger options. You get way more variety at Bobby's Burger Place. And that place is just as trendy. I also don't recall seeing options for people who don't eat beef/hot dogs at this Shake Shack, while you can get veggie and chicken burgers at Bobby's.
Love the burgers and the atmosphere here.  Great place for lunch or a quick dinner. Thought the Shakes good, but were overpriced
Shake shack is an awesome fast food burger and fries option in university city. 

The good: the food!!!! The shack burger and chicken shack are both delicious! I believe they use buttered buns and they have a signature sauce that works very well. Secondly, there crinkle cut fries and one of the tastiest in UCity. Lastly, they have quizzo on Wednesday night's with FREE FRIES =O!!!! Needless to say, I go often! 

The bad: Cost ($10), it does kind of suck that you have to pay that much for a fast food meal and I think that is where shack shack could improve. I had the pleasure of trying in n out this past weekend and the present a comparable option at literally half the price..... The milkshakes are common. I recently had a chick-fil-a shake that was cheaper, larger, and had more flavor. I would say participate in the shake of the month if you really like it but don't go for the normal flavors.
Another great Shake Shack location.

On my most recent visit, I ordered the Shack Stack (cheeseburger + shroom burger) which was delicious, cheesy, and indulgent. 

The fries are not my favorite part of a Shake Shack experience, but still a necessary accompaniment to a burger. 

I loved the upstairs seating area - it feels secluded and like a little escape amongst University City.
I've never had Shake Shack before (passed by it in New York City, but the line was too long, so never had a chance to try it), so I was so excited. I ordered the SHACK BURGER with CRINKLE CUT FRIES and a COKE. 

The wait wasn't too long since it is located near Penn State and so there was what looked like a lot of college students ordering. Plus, I also came around lunch time. They gave me a pager and when I got my food, there was additional seating upstairs that I was able to find. 

First off, the SHACK BURGER tasted like a very clean, tasty burger. Although there was nothing too special about it, it wasn't as greasy or fatty as other burgers turn out to be. The burger had a good ratio of lettuce, tomato, meat patty, pickles, bread buns, etc. The CRINKLE CUT FRIES were also great. They were crispy (not floppy, thank goodness) and did not taste like they kept a lot of the oil they were fried in.

Would love to have my boyfriend come and try it out (he's never had Shake Shack before), because I know he would LOVE the place due to how they also offer beer there (he is a beer fanatic).
While a little overpriced, shake shack is always my go to if I'm looking for a good burger.  I've never dined at the location, only ordered it from Caviar/Uber Eats so I can't comment on the staff.

My go to is the shake shack burger, never disappoints.  However, the last time that I ordered from here, my burger was a little rare for my liking.  Still delicious & will still order from here in the future!
Decided to try out Shake Shack while on the East Coast as we don't have them out here in California (that I know of). Overall I'd say that The Habit or In n Out have better burgers, but this was ok. A step above Five Guys in my book.

Good location if you're at Drexel :-)
Okay, I never eat here. I have had their vegetarian mushroom burger thing and it tastes like a fried turd. Their fries are whatever but better when you drench them in cheese. And honestly, who cares if they serve beer/wine? Like, there are million better places for a beer that have a equally good burger/veggie burger in Philly. BUT I keep coming back to the UC Shake Shack for Quizzo. Every Wednesday at 7pm they host the only not 21+ Quizzo that I know of. It's a great time and they have prizes for 1st and 2nd place. It's so much fun and I can do it with my friends that are under 21. I highly recommend using this as a social for any of your clubs!
As someone from the west coast, I was really excited about trying Shake Shack for the first time after hearing all of my east coast friends rave about the burgers!

I ordered the 'shroom burger (I'm vegetarian and this was the only vegetarian option on the menu) and split cheese fries with my friend. Both dishes were incredible. We went to the restaurant fairly early for lunch time (11:45 AM) and my burger literally came within a matter of minutes. 

The portion size was fairly small, but it was still filling which I loved. The mushroom was grilled to perfection, and the melted cheeses added a wonderful touch. However, I did feel as though the burger was a bit pricey (I paid about $8, I believe) for the size of the burger. 

The cheese fries were also delicious! Will definitely be craving these in the future. I wanted to try the custard/concrete, but decided that I'd skip out on the extra calories and will instead be back on a different day to try these tasty treats.  

Overall, really satisfied with my first experience at Shake Shack. Will definitely be back, even though there is only one burger I can order on the menu!
tl;dr - shake shack always has quality burgers at a slightly higher price point but it's worth it. Workers are always happy, but the setup of this place is kinda inefficient and can get congested easily. 

Of course the burgers are DELICIOUS. I always drag my friends here and they always get hooked. That's a given. I've tried all the burgers and the regular cheeseburger is my go-to. The portobello is a little too rich for me with the deep fried mushroom and the cheese, the double cheeseburger is a little too much (and the ratios are off, I do wish they gave more lettuce/tomatoes with that), and the smokeburger was... okay. I liked the chili cheese burgers when they had it, but I prefer the chili cheese fries (I am anxiously waiting for its return). The burgers are a little oily, especially the double cheeseburger, but it's okay lol. 

The fries are also delicious. The shakes are yummy! The price point is around 7 dollars for a burger and 3 for fries. So a 10 dollar meal, which is expensive for fast food but reasonable for a quality burger.

The workers are always really happy and friendly. They have yet to mess up my order.

However, the lines get long during lunch time and the setup is kinda confusing. Downstairs gets really crowded with a winding line, a door that's placed near the end of the line (so people keep entering and it can get confusing), and a ton of people waiting for their orders. There's no seating downstairs, so it gets pretty congested and hard to navigate. Upstairs has more seating, but I wish there was just more room downstairs to deal with the line, the waiting people, and the people looking at the menu. Overall, a good experience but avoid coming here like 12-1:30 to avoid the crowd.
I've been to a few Shake Shacks and this is the best one.

I was in the area for the weekend and it was near my hotel. I was starving like Marvin and needed some grub, I got the chicken shack with fries and an orange float (I've got a thing for orange floats). This location does the best orange floats out of all of the Shake Shacks (the other locations were in the DC area). I had two while I was there for the weekend which I wouldn't typically do. The chicken sandwich was pretty good--I'm not a fan of chicken breast but it was tender and juicy--not dry at all. I also got a hotdog on my last day.

The manager came by and asked if I was enjoying my meal--I hadn't had any manager at the other Shake Shacks approach me before. I thought that was a nice touch--I always appreciate when management reaches out to their customers. If I'm in the area, I'm definitely going back to Shake Shack.
I said I love cheese, so crispy crinkle fries with a side of cheese please.

I had a hard time going back and fourth between a 3 and 4 star rating. While the hype is there, if you live near a Shake Shack, there's nothing too special. But I know if I moved, I'd miss it. Super contradicting.

The food is good, the burgers are made to order and the fries are light and crispy with a lot of salt. For me, I've always had a good experience but one time I got a really raw burger even though their meat is already really thin. Luckily, they cooked a new one right away.

The lines though are super long and the cost of eating here is expensive for a small amount of food. If you've never been, you should definitely go to try the shack sauce and milkshake but other than that, I'd rather spend the $15 dollars at a sit down restaurant and grab a burger, fries and a beer for the same price.
A nice juicy patty with fresh lettuce and tomato inside a potato bun with just a dap of sauce is heavenly and what i look in a burger. 

Since this shake shack in on the Drexel campus , i wasn't expecting much. Maybe its my low expectation, this location is surprisingly good. 

I usually get a single shack burger and try to only eat half to save the calories , lol . But its really hard to resist. 

Other than the 90% ice and 10 % soda, no complains.
My experience at Shake Shack was great. Angela helped me out by giving pointers on what to order for first timers like me. So I ordered the single ShackBurger, fries, and the concrete dessert. The menu was organized and friendly. My meal was ready in less than 10 mins which was nice. My burger was cooked medium well which was still juicy and the burger had this cheese sauce which made the burger. The burger isn't too big but just enough. The bread can be a little soggy at times but that's not a big deal. The fries are almost shoe string which is ok because it complements the burger. The grand finale had to be the concrete liberty bell. It had frozen custard with chops of cannoli and other toppings. It's one of the most unique items ever on a burger menu. 

I will def come back next time I'm in the East coast! Thanks Angela!
Delicious!  ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!  This burger was sooooo goooood!  I was skeptical of the sauce, but the hostess made me feel better about it and so I went with having it on my burger.  Glad I didn't tell them to leave it off because it was great!  Highly recommend grabbing a burger here!
Came in for a quick bite, remembering that I do love Shake Shack burgers. Got it without cheese this time, with all the toppings plus shack sauce. Coming in at lunch, I definitely expected a longer wait, but it was a pretty quick turnover for a burger. Since I only had a single burger, I think they prioritized mine. 

This store is a bit disorganized in the front compared to other SS locations, as it's super small downstairs, but there is an upstairs eating location. Workers take orders efficiently, little personalization. For the size of the burger and price, I'm not sure it's worth it. Can get more than two times the burger for less than twice the price at a pub or restaurant, or you can go to another fast food place for cheaper and get the same size. Toppings are quite fresh which is awesome and interesting, but overall, just a so-so experience.
Not like there is a bad Shake Shack that I have ever been to, but this was the best.

There are two reasons that make this the best. The customer service was amazing. And, they are one of three Shake Shacks that have fresh made fries! I have not been to the other two, so this was my first time trying them.

Let's start with the line. There was no line! Love.

The man who helped us was super nice. He was insistent that we take the elevator because we had our two year old daughter and stroller. I did not think it was a big deal and we walked up, me carrying the stroller and my wife walking with our daughter. When he saw what we did, he pleaded that we take the elevator down and that we should not have to schlep anything. He really cared.

Well, the burgers, they are the burgers. Amazing. Always, amazing. Best fast food burger I have ever had.

Now the fires. The crinkle cut ones you find at most Shacks are frozen. They are not fresh made. Not that they are bad, but they are not what this spot has. The fresh fries are more of the shoe string variety. And, they taste so much better. I loved them so.

Seriously, you never can go wrong at a Shack Shake.
The outright growth by Drexel since I graduated not so long ago simply amazes me.  Next up on its growing campus is Shake Shack.  Considering the previous dining options, I have no doubt students will have anything to complain about with SS.

As for me, no longer a student and with the whole city open for dining, I can be a bit more picky.  Yes, SS has solid burgers and shakes.  Has either location in Philly delivered me the best burger I've ever had.  Nope.  In fact, they seem slightly below In-N-Out.  Of course, SS is a whole lot closer than In-N-Go.
This was probably my go-to Shake Shack in the area. I tried to avoid the long lines of Friday nights so I ordered my dinner through the SS app. Relatively easy to use and my order went through completely fine. Upon receiving my order, everything was packed accordingly and I had my burgers packed to go. As I was eating, I noticed a strange taste and found this (see pictures)! I don't recall SS making their burgers super rare, or even an option for customers to select the degree of doneness for their food. Both of the burgers I ordered were not edible! Not sure if the cooks were rushed or careless, but this location is no longer my go-to SS. To all my U-city foodies out there, be careful!
I've just finished my first ever burger (double cheese burger) and fries from Shake Shack...and i'm really disappointed. The bun was soaked through with grease and the cheese was tasteless. The fries were just average. In a word the meal was: greasy. But not flavorsome greasy - just oily, greasy. 

We are spoiled for choice here in University City and Philadelphia in general. If you can, hit up some local places like Spot Burger. You'll get a burger thats 10 times better than Shake Shack and you'll get the added buzz thats comes with helping a local business.
After all the hype I have heard about shake shack I finally got to give it a try. I ordered a basic cheeseburger, fries, and a peanut butter milkshake. Everything I got was fresh and extremely tasty. The girl taking our order was personable even with a hefty lunch crowd behind us. I really loved the upstairs eating area it was quiet and had a lovely view that you could enjoy while you ate. Outdoor seating was also an option with nice tables and chairs. Though I don't live in the city and it is inconvenient for me to visit I do plan on returning in the near future. Great location!
Met a friend for a late lunch on 8-19-2019 at 1:30 pm. we were discussing where to eat and driven past​ this Shake Shack, he, being a driver for Uber/Lyft mentioned he does a lot of uber eats deliveries for them so we agreed that it would be a good place to eat, and it was, not having been to one in may years when I attended the grand opening of the DC location on Dupont Circle I had forgotten how good the food is. Since then, I had been dieting and avoided higher calorie tempting​ foods, that along with the fact that there weren't​ any locations near my most common locale. My friend was able to quickly locate free parking, not too common​ in center city Philadelphia. We entered the restaurant, and it was busy, it had a​ clean and neat counter and large wall menu. The line was moving quickly, ​ and when I reached the counter, a gentleman by the name of Ro offered a warm greeting and a friendly smile. The open kitchen was clean and organized; the employees were all in clean uniforms with hair secured and were following proper sanitation procedures. Ro, short for Roland, was very helpful at answering questions and even mentioned that there is plenty of comfortable seating with great air conditioning upstairs. It was 98 degrees outside, so that was appealing. I ordered the ten-piece Chick 'n Bites made with 100% all-natural cage-free chicken, no hormones and no antibiotics ever, as stated on the menu and were hand-breaded​ breast meat. They came with ​honey mustard and a BBQ dipping sauce. These were very fresh, crispy,​ hot, and excellent, possibly the best chicken bites I had ever eaten. I also enjoyed a black & white shake after checking to ensure​ there was no syrup used just vanilla and chocolate​ ice cream that is handmade and spun fresh daily. It was decadent, first​ thought was it was small for $5.95 but it was rich and creamy very filling and worth every penny. It was nice and cool upstairs, the seating area was clean and overlooked a great green space from University City. The counter along the windows where we sat had a repurposed surface from old bowling alleys. The trash area upstairs was a bit messy. I appreciate that there is hand sanitizer dispensers hung on the wall for customer use. I will highly suggest you give this place a try when in the neighborhood!
Myself and 2 friends ordered a few nights ago, through postmates. I'd say it was a 3.5 but I couldn't go up to 4 stars. I only had cheese fries which were good. My friends had a burger, chicken sandwich & a hot dog. They said the burgers were good, but the chicken was dry. The hog, not good, it got thrown away. I've heard lots of good things about this place but it's just ok. The delivery also took forever, they gave the Postmate the wrong order and she had to return it.
If I could give this place zero stars, I would. Got take out here yesterday, 1 burger, 1 bacon burger, one mushroom burger and some fries and cheese fries. This was literally THE WORST FOOD EVER. The fries had a horribly bitter after taste that didn't leave my mouth for hours after eating just two of them. Maybe they need to change the fryer oil? Pungent, butter, and disgusting.  The cheese sauce for the fries was equally as putrid, actually all of the food had a strange chemically bitter after taste. We threw it all away.
I really do not understand the hype around Shake Shack. Yes, it's a decent burger. If it were $3. For $5-7, it better be tastier and more filling than what Shake Shack is giving you. Places where you can get a better burger for $6: Five Guys, Spotburger (food truck), 2 In N Out burgers, and a number of other places you probably haven't heard of. The shackcago dog is okay, though could use a bigger, meatier hot dog. But if this place is your thing, I don't imagine I'm gonna convince you otherwise so do your thing.
$11 for a tiny burger and soggy fries.  Not impressed.  The Center City location was better - even with the too small burgers.
So good! A first-timer here at Shake Shack and I am so satisfied. I got a Smoke Shack and a Salted Caramel Hot Chocolate (total: ~$11). Both were delicious with rich flavors. Mmm!

Service was fast and very kind. Seating area has some chill music and has actual bowling lane parts as tables. That's pretty sick! I will be back!
Each shake shack is a little different. 

What's different here is the seating and events. Seating is upstairs and there is plenty of it (especially compared to other Phl locations). Each night there are different events at this locations, like trivia. Also, this location attracts a younger crowd being near all the universities. 

As for the rest of the place, it's your typical Shake Shack:
- Menus on the chalk board and on hand outs by the door
- The menu is a la carte 
- There is a "express" line for those just ordering ice cream
- After you put in your order, you'll get a buzzer to let you know when it's ready to pick up
- Free water at the condiments section 
- Burgers are served on potato buns 
- The fries are delicious

Since this location is in the city, there is no designated parking, but there is street parking and a few lots.
$14.25 for a Double Shack Burger, Fries and a small ice tea. The burger patties fell apart in the bun. This is a sign of frozen meat that wasn't defrosted properly. It was like burger was microwaved. The meat was actually mushy. Totally unacceptable. The burgers are over salted. This is only necessary if you trying to tenderize the meat. High quality hamburgers don't need that much seasoning. The fries are frozen. I was aware of that before eating at Shake Shack. 5 Guys and In and Out don't use frozen fries. For close to the same price I could have eaten at Rouge which has a phenomenal burger and fresh french fries. I have eaten at the all the restaurants I have mentioned. I would rate Shake Shack below Wendys and above McDonald's and that isn't saying much. By the way this is the second time I have eaten at a Shake Shack. All this time did was confirm my suspicions from the last time. An inferior, overpriced burger and fries.
So addictive and good...

I come here for the Shackburger most of the time. Sometimes I would get double meat burger. It's simply so juicy, so flavorful and so amazing. It's also close to the maths and physics lab, so I come here a lot after evening lessons. Sometimes Shake shack is my only reason to go to class.

Amazing place. Thanks for being so close to campus!!!

It's as good as the ones in NY too.
quality food that you would expect from shake shack. lots of seating upstairs. i love their concrete options-one of them had federal donuts in it which is amazing. love shake shack and this location is awesome.
This place might be overhyped, but I can't deny that it is good. Their Shack Stack burger is one of the best burgers I've ever tasted. When you take a bite out of your burger, there's melted cheese inside the patty! Their fries are golden, crispy, and classic. I did order a strawberry shake, but they messed up my order and gave me a vanilla instead so I tried that. The vanilla milkshake was good, but I'd pass on their shakes and just go straight for the burgers.
Shake Shack: not worth the price or the wait.  Note, I only had the Shack Burger and cannot speak to the other sandwiches, fries, shakes, etc. all of which seemed to be flying off the shelves during my 20 minute wait for my burger.  If it was about 20% cheaper and you could walk in and get a sandwich, it would be awesome fast food.  But, that is not the case.  It was messy (not juicy in a good way, but greasy and fall-apart-sloppy).  The bun, supermarket no frills variety, was WAY too soft to handle all the grease and sauce on that sandwich and it turned into a soggy, slimy film.  And the shack sauce is basically just mayonnaise as far as I could tell.  not very creative. It doesn't add much.  That said, the patties themselves are good.  perfect medium, well seasoned and they have a nice crust. As is often the case, the tomatoes and lettuce were flavorless wastes of space.  The 'good' patties are neither enough to overcome the rest of the mediocrity of this burger nor to justify the price.  Frankly, the long lines and longer wait for food is a little mystifying.  For the price, 5-guys is better.  For a better price, 'regular' fast food isn't too far behind this place.
My LA homies will shun me for saying this, but Shake Shack is YUMMERS. 
Hands down their crinkle cut fries are infinitely better than the soggy In n Out fries (sorry not sorry... I like my fries thick). The hamburger is exquisite- the meat patty always tastes on point and the Shack sauce is indescribable (it's heavenly...that's as specific as I can get). I usually order the Shack burger and I ask them to add pickles (another thing Shake Shack does better than In N Out). Cheese fries are great to try at least once in your life, but I typically stay with just normal fries. Portion size is decent.

For the University City location, service tends to be a bit slow during peak lunch hour. There is ample seating both upstairs and outside. It's one of my favorite places to eat with my friends and it is a mere 5 minute walk from my law school. 


Ultimately, I can't cross that line yet to say that Shake Shack is better than In N Out, but it definitely rivals it.
Let me start by saying I don't eat fast food. Ever. McDonalds, Etc....But once in a while when I'm out and about and want a quick bite, Shake Shack is my favorite. The new Chicken sandwich is so yummy. I add a bit of hot sauce to the mayo based sauce they put on it and it's a perfectly delicious lunch. In summer the custard is a rare treat. Even a healthy eater can break the rules sometimes, and this is a fun place to do that. The burgers and 'Shroom burger (portobello mushroom) are great too. It's back to lentils, spinach and apples-but this place is my guilty pleasure.
I've been a fan of Shake Shack for a while now, I'm convinced they put something in that secret shack sauce! But it was my first time at this particular shack (I usually go to the center city one). 

A girlfriend and I both had free shake coupons from the charity shake sale, so we decided to give this one a shot since we were both in the neighborhood after being at 30th street station. 

The food was great as always! The special custard for Thursday was delightful!

Unfortunately, I didn't have the best experience, though. I've noticed one of the managers talking down to the employees. It honestly ruined my experience. As someone who has had several jobs in the retail sector, I thought it was really disrespectful. Shake shack is always boasting about how their workers and managers are a team, and I just didn't see it at this Shack, to be honest. I guess I'll just stick to the one in center city!
I'm generally not a big fan of Shake Shack, but my baby brother has never been so I brought him for the first time. The burgers and cheese fries were good (but definitely not worth the price) and the strawberry milkshake was extra good. But there were only two or three people in front of us, and it took about fifteen minutes for our food to come out. There also was no air conditioning anywhere on the premise so it actually would've been cooler to just sit outside where there was slight (humid) wind. This Shake Shack has all these cute games upstairs though so I thought that was a nice touch.
Finally made it over to the University City outpost of Shake Shack and it's just as good as the others. First of all the service here is great, they let me know up front that they were out of bacon and I still ordered a double smokeshack. They did mess up my order and only gave me a single but once I said something they quickly made me another one which was awesome. The cheese fries were on point as usual and the special concrete they had with bananas and Federal Donuts french toast donut pieces was awesome! All in all, a good experience as usual at Shake Shack, my love affair continues.
Shake Shack is overall a great place to eat. The line can be crazy during certain hours of the day, but they've started using this electronic notification system (similar to that used at Olive Garden) that allows you to kind of do what you want (within a responsible distance) and run over to get your food when buzzed - without just standing around. 

Their burgers are unbelievably juicy, I got a double stack smokehouse and it was amazing. I highly recommend going with the two patties, because of the extra protein and just amazing juice that drips down from them - it's worth the extra two bucks. Fries honestly were boring and the size of matchsticks, avoid doing what I did and just naturally ordering a side of fries it's not worth the calories and fat. Haven't tried the milkshakes, but I hear their also amazing.

Just because I can't stop myself ...

Bobby's Burger Palace has better sauces and sides, but I think Shake Shack's burger is juicer. It's a tuff call, but I love the Bobby's Burger sauces - sorry Shake Shack.
Burger is the best that you can get from a chain joint. It's farm-raised, hormone free or something like that. Not sure if it enhances the taste or not, but I'll buy in. 

There's alcoholic milkshakes and some pretty good beers on tap. I'm currently sipping on a Brooklyn Lager IPA made specifically for Shake Shack. Not very hoppy, but dark with a bold flavor. 

Their fries are of the shoestring variety; light, crispy and double fried. They pair well with the American cheese sauce. 

If you're in the area, it's a better, more affordable spot than most around. Plus, you can sit outside and enjoy University City.
All I can say is the burgers are awesome as is the fries...great customer service fast service. I ordered the Shack burger, I had to go with the simplest one I am a burger girl and I needed to see what they were hittin for without all the trimmings...Well I must say I am extremely pleased. The burgers are cooked 2 ways....medium or well....I like medium well but I had to go with well because I wasn't sure just how medium they would be. Honestly the texture was like medium well but no pink...now that's my kind of burger. It was just a super experience. I'll be back
Who doesn't like burgers and milk shakes? The shake shack has this fast food business done right. Putting it between to major university's and the line goes out the door. Menu ordering off the wall or from menus they had to you. It's still a walk up window fast food restaurant.

We choose burgers and chicken sandwiches with milkshakes. Order what you like on you sandwich don't worry if you forgot to add your favorite sauce they have a station for that. Lots of good choices for shakes we went with the black and white and chocolate. Both thick and creamy. Add fries to the meal and lunch is complete. 

Lots of tables to set at either outside or on the second floor were you will find the games to play while you wait to be called to pick up your order. The restaurant was clean and friendly. Sorry can't do more than three stars because it is fast food. However it is better than most others.
I had been to Philly so many times but I never had tried shake shack. so when I started my internship at Drexel I was trilled to find out that there was one in university city. The only things I've tried are the fries and milk shakes and just recently the salted caramel hot chocolate.

My favorite shake that ive had was the peanut butter which has a powerful peanut butter flavor to it, the flavor is there til the last sip. 

The fries are excellent and is well seasoned and has a nice taste and nine times out of ten I get because it doesn't take to much time to when I place the order to when I receive the fries.

I also like this place because it's two floors, and it has outdoor seating for those nice spring/summer days. The wait staff is real friendly. I will definitely be back well since I'm so close to this location.
I work so close to this shake shack that I can sometimes taste the burger when I close my eyes. I have been here several times and tend to order a shack burger or the chicken sandwich. I don't order the fries because I'm trying to take it easy on the carbs these days. The four-star rating takes into account how convenient it is for me to grab a freshly made and delicious burger when I am working late. The staff is always friendly and are quick to give me some extra pickles on the side. I don't go during rush hour so I don't know how busy the place can be. There's ample seating upstairs and ESPN is usually playing on the television. Most of the food carts in the area are closed by the time I need that late afternoon or early evening pick me up so this is my go to spot. Another plus is that some of their milk shakes are gluten-free and are made in a specific separate cup to avoid cross-contamination.
This is my favorite burger place to go to. It's convenient since it's on campus and the vegetables always look fresh. However I'm only giving it a four stars because I'm not a big fan of the crinkle cut fries, which doesn't taste as fresh as the regular one. Please bring the original back!
Best burger I've had.  Who needs the fancy stuff, all you need is some American made beef patties and cheese and they do it the best.
Honestly they have the BEST cheese fries and milkshakes ever. I also really liked the customer service here and the cleanliness of the restaurant. My favorite part is the seating upstairs. There is plenty of seating and it's usually not crowded. There's also a nice view of Chestnut street!
I LOVE shake shack. The Shroom Burger is where it's at, or the Shake Stack if you're really hungry. If you're craving a good burger, The crinkle cut french fries are crunchy and fluffy in the middle. The ice cream is good too, though I am usually too stuffed to indulge. The tables are fun, made from recycled bowling alleys. There is a shuffleboard table upstairs.  I especially enjoy the view from the upstairs seating area. The restaurant is always clean and the customer service is impeccable, even on the busiest days.

It's a bit more expensive than a fast food chain, but well worth it in my opinion. Plus, they accept Dragon Bucks, which is convenient for Drexel Staff (and students).
Was craving burgers, so I went here with a friend to check it out! We got their signature Shack Burgers for around $5.60-something and some fries that were nearly $5. Very small portions for the price of the fries.

Burgers were very delicious.! I think the buns were some kind of brioche bread since it was pretty sweet! Very soft buns!! The meat patty was extremely salty, so it was a combination of sweet & salty with the freshness of the veggies. Burgers seemed a lil small for the price, but it was delicious at the end of the day and we were nearly full when we finished.

Disappointed with the size of the fries. There wasn't anything special to it, just some cheese and bacon and salty fries. 

There was a very nice man who helped us with our tray once we were done!! I was a little confused since we didn't expect any waitressing, but he was very kind and friendly!! Awesome service overall. 

Tl:dr: Buns were small, fries were small for their price, and the salt is intense. (Do recommend you get a drink!!) But I was happy with the freshness and flavor of the burger and the helpful service, so I was happy at the end of the day.
Shake Shack was just fine. It's nothing spectacular, but it's nothing bland either. Just decent sized burgers with all the common accoutrements, and a few speciality ones like the "Smoke Stack" (cheddar, bacon and cherry peppers) and the new BBQ burgers and chicken sandwiches. 

Having said that, the burgers are very tasty, albeit small. If I were you, I'd order two. The shakes are also very good, and love that they have strawberry, peanut butter and a creamsicle float. Their fries are the crinkle variety, so that's another big plus in my book. They are also the first (and probably only) restaurant I've ever been to with grape soda on tap, so there's another big plus from me. 

Since there weren't many places still open once we checked in Friday night, this was sort of a last resort. That's not to say it wasn't good - the service and quality were both excellent. I was just a bit disappointed I didn't get to try some of the local, Philadelphia-only establishments. 

So, if you're looking for a late night spot with excellent munchables, hit the Shack! B-
Totally not worth the hype. Portions are small... should have went to a family owned business instead.
Shake Shack tastes pretty good until the novelty wears off and you realize how oily and overpriced it is compared to Five Guys. The single burgers aren't actually that big, but they're good if you want to get sides too. That being said, my fries are often soggy. I just dip them in ketchup until I can't tell.

The location and layout are okay though. The location is pretty convenient in University City, straddling Drexel and Penn boundaries. I like that you can get your own water and there are ketchup dispensers on both floors. It's nice to have only ordering downstairs and then seating outside and upstairs. Make sure to hunt for a seat as soon as you finish ordering instead of waiting for your order! They're not the fastest, especially if other people are there. And the upstairs is insanely crowded in the winter... I've seen at least 5 groups of people waiting for tables. I know you're trying to get your money's worth, but please eat faster, everyone! It's just a burger and fries and maybe a shake.
The burgers are OK. Don't expect a gourmet experience, not that they're advertised as such. However, with what they charge for a sliver of a hamburger patty, you'd expect something much better. This place is like the chucky cheeses of burgers instead of pizza. They're almost like a caricature of what a burger and fries are like. Also, their shakes are usually melted into a thick mess than an actual milkshake (so avoid that). 

I would say their prices are quite similar to FiveGuys but at least with FiveGuys you get something a bit more substantial. With that in mind, ShakeShack has good Portabella burgers (I believe they're called the shroom burger here) that are filled with cheese. They're greasy and delicious, however, definitely not worth the price. I would check out a local joint who would be better in flavor and easier on your wallet. This place is acceptable if you're in need of a quick meal andwant to know what the false hype is about.
I only went for shakes so the review will be on that. My son tried the Pink cherry blossom shake, he's still talking about it so I guess you have an idea how that was. He did offer me a "small sip" and it was surprisingly good. He did mention that it was missing the pink chocolate curls from the picture so, tighten up Shake shack. I ordered the black & white shake and it was just that. Cold chocolate and vanilla shake, no plot twist there. I was surprised that I was charged $11 for 2 shakes. I included pictures. Although I got what I asked for, I'll keep my eyes out for other ice cream shops in the area, it's Summer and we like shakes too much to pay that price for them everytime we crave them.
Shake Shack is fast food heaven. They have Abita root beer on tap! Their crinkle cut fries are probably my favorite French fry. 

I always either get their burger or fried chicken sandwich. I always ask for pickles on the burger because for some reason their burger only comes with lettuce and tomato (but don't worry adding pickles is free). When I order the fried chicken sandwich I always ask them to slip a few tomatoes on it (again, adding tomatoes is free). 

Because I always order the Abita root beer I have actually never had a shake from Shake Shack. I guess this means I need to go back for a shake!

The food here is definitely pricey. The burger is $6 and their fried chicken sandwich is $7. So come prepared to spend way more than what you would at McDonalds. Pricey but worth it!
We ordered Shake Shack through post mates to deliver to nurses at CHOP. When the order was delivered, I confirmed with the driver that everything was there, she said she grabbed both bags that were given to her. The bags were sealed, upon opening them I realized there were no milkshakes. When calling the restaurant, the manager originally claimed that it was their fault as they forgot to give the milkshakes to the driver and if we could come get them. I told her that was not possible and that we wanted them delivered. The phone call was then disconnected. Many dials later, we get back in touch with the manager who changed her story to saying that they gave the milkshakes in the two bags and to take it up with PostMates. After debunking that claim, as the two bags were delivered and sealed, she refused to solve the problem and continued to put blame on PostMates. I will never order from here again as they are unreliable and unwilling to fix problems.
A well needed burger in quarantine. Although the taste was great as always, I was upset to find I received less than (approx) 11 fries for 2.99 in a tinyTINY container for hot dogs and my tomato slapped on the outside of the sandwich. Will definitely be waiting until they're open for dining to order again.
I've been to this Shake Shack a few times before, but only recently tried their shakes for the first time. I got the Christmas Cookie holiday flavor and it was amazing! My boyfriend got the salted caramel and it was even better. I couldn't believe I've gone this long without having one of their shakes. The staff here is always friendly and service is quick. There's outdoor seating and a large seating area upstairs. Great staple to have on campus.
The burger was pretty good since it was super juicy but it also means more fatty but it's a burger. I just got the Shack single so it was the size of a McDonald's double cheeseburger but it cost almost $5. Not a very good bargain.

The place was very hipster designed. The sitting area upstairs is pretty large. It can probably seat around 70ish. They have one TV on the wall and a shuffle board. SS also has their own beer brand and $18 T-shirts.

It was good finally trying it but it's way overpriced for me.
Wow!! So last time they forgot my shake. After getting in contact with the manager, they gave me a credit, which was great. This time? I ordered hot fries, and received normal fries. So now my 2 star review is a 1 star review.
Nothing to ever complain about with shake shack.  This spot is a bit different than other locations in the amount of seating it has.  There is a large section upstairs that has lots of room to eat and gather.  Otherwise,  the food and service here was great.
My boyfriend and I always argue here. Not a greatest atmosphere since it induces fighting and tension. Food is good, love it. But the tension part not so much. But hey what can you do?
The service is fine. It really isn't the cleanest shake shack I've been too but I can't complain. If you're familiar with this chain then you already know how good the food is. I just wish it was cleaner.
I wouldn't ever seek out a Shake Shack. The burger patties are thin and greyish; the fries are nowhere near as delicious as fried potatoes should be; and the custard is confusingly underwhelming. The saving grace is unexpected: the mushroom burger is mouthwateringly delectable. It is absolutely stuffed to the gills (harhar) with cheese, then breaded and fried. Now if I find myself near a Shake Shack and in need of a sinfully cheesy lunch, this is what I get.
I have been hearing about Shake Shack from people for the past year now but never managed to make it to one until recently.  I didn't get what all the fuss was about since it just looked like a fast food joint.  I've been twice in the past couple weeks, and now I'm happy to say that I get it.

My favorite thing about Shake Shack is the custard.  The custard here is legit.  It's thick, creamy, and flavorful.  I had the salted carmel, and it was just as good as some I've had in expensive restaurants.  It had the right balance of sweet and salty.  I can't wait to try more of their custard flavors.  The coffee shake is one of the best I've ever had anywhere.  It is thick and strongly tastes of coffee.  Yum!  My husband ordered it both times we went.  

The vegetarian mushroom burger is a delicious guilty pleasure.  It is fried and filled with piping hot, gooey, melted cheese.  I am not exaggerating on the temperature.  Be careful!  I burnt myself on it, but I didn't care because it was so delicious.  

The only thing here that is a disappointment is the fries.  They were just okay.  Five Guys makes better fries.  These were too thin for my liking.  

The service is friendly and the food is served up hot and doesn't take too long.  There is a water tap, so you can refill your water as you need without having to ask someone behind the counter.  

Oh and they have wine and beer!  That's not something you see every day at a fast food joint.  I am looking forward to coming back here and trying the wine along with some more desserts.
I mean, shake shack is delicious. I like it as an option when I don't want fast food (as Shake Shack is definitely better quality), but don't want to spend a ton on a huge gourmet burger.  A nice in between if you will. 

Both the burgers and dogs are delicious here.  If you like spice, I suggest adding the hot peppers from the smoke shack burger onto any other item on their menu.  You also cannot go wrong with the fries. 

My husband loves the smokeshack burger, and I really like it as well, I sometimes like more simplicity on my burger (depends on how I am feeling), so I often get the shack burger and steal some bites of his smokeshack.  If you don't want meat, the 'shroom burger is delicious.  The portobello mushroom is seriously STUFFED with melty cheese.  Just be careful with the first bite, that cheese can be hot!  If you can't choose, you can get the shack stack which is both a 'shroom burger and a burger patty in one burger.  

I usually go for a burger, but sometimes I like the hot dogs or chicken dog.  All delicious and hit the spot when you are craving a hot dog or not hungry enough for a burger.  

I also really like their chicken and hot chicken sandwiches.  I highly suggest trying them if you want to get something besides a burger but are too hungry for a hot dog!  My favorite of the two types of chicken is the hot chicken; but  both are pretty solid.

They also have great frozen custards (aka concretes) and milkshakes.  They also have new flavors every so often that are seasonal, a nice treat when you are in the mood for something sweet!

Another nice thing is that they have beer and wine for when you want an adult beverage.  A nice option without having to go to a restaurant full bar.

This location can get a little busy, so ordering and waiting for your food can take a but of time sometimes, but if you avoid the lunch rush, you are golden.  Also, they have a lot of seating upstairs and even some tables outside for  when it is a nice day.  A great option in the area.
