We came across a Groupon for Shanks the other day. Saturday was a BEAUTIFUL day and awesome to grab steaks and enjoy the weather outside.  

Shanks is located on Delaware Avenue /Columbus Blvd and can be easily missed if you don't know where it is. 

Has a similar setup to Pat's and Genos (small, order at counter  ,outside seating).  We ordered two Wiz Wits (cheesesteaks with onions)  two orders of fries and two sodas.  The place wasn't packed but just had large groups of people ordering 6-7 steaks at a time.  So we waited 25 minutes for our food.  I do believe they were short staffed because the cashier was helping the cooks. 

The steaks were good! I like that the meat was chopped and not in huge slabs. Nice amount of wiz and onions. Now the fries? We wouldn't buy those again.  The fries were shoe strings, cold and tasteless.  

Regularly, they sell steaks for $9.75 and comes with a fountain soda.
No offense meant but please change your name. Your not Shanks. I remember Shank and Evelyn and Whitey and Theresa and the girls and guess what? This place has nothing to do with that. I loved Shanks , even the picture of El Duce on the wall. It optimized South Philly breakfast and lunch. It's not that your not ok or even good. You're just not Shanks!
Great cheese steak sandwich. I come here whenever I'm near Penn's Landing. They slice the steak off large hunks of meat when you order. Fresh and high quality. I  usually get the steak with onions and sharp provolone, ummmm, The outdoor picnic tables are great when the weather is warm. Best of all the tour buses don't seem to have found them yet.
Came here with my boo after walking around the area exploring. It was my first time here and I was excited to try a cheese steak from here.

I looked at the Yelp reviews before chomping in to my sandwich and saw that they had a lot of 4 star and 5 star reviews which was a great thing to see. 

Had the cheese steak and it was really big and full of meat. It was hot and fresh and flavorful. i was really happy with the taste and the size, me and the boo ended up sharing it since it was so big. 

As I was eating it, I was savoring each and every bite because it tasted so delicious. Looks like they sell breakfast as well, so if I'm ever down here for breakfast time, I would definitely try it.
Our second Cheesesteak stop in Philly landed us at Shanks.  This one came recommended by someone that comes into my job. 

Right out of the gate..... Plenty of parking!!  Right on the water.  This is a little hole in the "pier" joint that can not be overlooked!!

They take both cash and cards here too!!! A rare thing. 

My wife and I shared a chicken Cheesesteak wiz wit and the boys shared a Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak. 

The chicken Cheesesteak was OUT OF THIS WORLD.  It was flavorful. Right amount of cheese,  onions done right.  Just amazing.  

We also got fries with old bay seasoning.  You can't miss!

If you're in the Philly area..... Yeah... stop here before hitting the sights.
If heaven has sandwiches, Shank's would do the catering.

Roast beef and sharp provolone with broccoli rabe? Amazing. The only way they could improve it is to give you a wristband to catch the grease dripping down your hand as you devour his Hoaginess.

The balsamic chicken is not to be missed.
Great hoagies and good breakfast sandwiches. Chicken Parm is good too. 

Cheesesteaks have gone down hill MAJORLY. I remember going there just after they opened and they easily had the 2nd best cheesesteak I have ever had. It is not the same any more and it is a shame. It seems like they chop the meat up so much that it really kills the flavor that the bigger slices use to have. I even went as far as to ask them twice to not chop it up but they said no because it cooked faster that way.
Had a meeting minutes away from Shanks and needed lunch so stopping at Shanks was a no brainer. 

I first tried Shanks at the WIP sandwich contest held several years ago at the bar across from the Reading Terminal. They won for the Chicken Cutlet Italiano . I remember the Shank's models even more - handing out coupons and encouraging ballot stuffing for the fan favorite title that they won running away.

I wanted a roast pork and didn't feel like driving to John's Roast Pork since the entrance to 95 was right there so Shanks was the choice.

I ordered the pork combo with sharp provolone and homemade hots on a non-seeded roll. 

It wasn't great - it wasn't bad. In any other town but Philly it would be a home run. With Tommy DiNics - my hands down favorite, John's, the ORIGINAL Tony Luke's, Paesano, High on Market to name a few - it's not best of but it's still good.
Shanks was another stop in my continual quest for Philly cheesesteaks.  

Very slow and a bit chaotic; decent steak. We may have just hit an off day, so I'll say the steak was decent enough where it might be worth a shot, but this place isn't high on my cheesesteak list.
Skip The other place a few blocks away and go here. That other joint doesn't even have broccoli rabe. They put spinach on their roast pork. Wha?
Awesome roast pork. Everything about it is great--the bread, the cheese. Really, really good. People are friendlier too. I stopped today for a breakfast sandwich. Was expecting it on a Kaiser roll. This thing was over a foot long, and on the same roll you'd get with a steak or roast pork. Best breakfast sandwich I've ever had. Go!
I've eaten here before, and the sandwiches aren't bad. I went in this past Wednesday to grab a quick cheesesteak to go on the way to work. There were two people behind the counter, the cook and the girl taking orders, standing about two feet from me. She was texting on her phone, ignoring me. I said, "Excuse me, may I make an order?" She continued to ignore me and kept texting. I walked out. Their sandwiches are good, but I'd never go back, and I tell this story to everyone I know. It was literally the rudest, most outrageous thing I've ever experienced at any restaurant.
Shank's is good. Not great, but good. Don't get me wrong, it's worlds better than anything Pat's or Geno's (vomit!) have to offer. I just remember the old location being better. $9 for a steak and a soda is pretty decent too.

Pros: Great location for stopping while on the road in/out of the city. Great bread--those who are complaining about the hard, seeded rolls do not understand the magic of a Sarcone's roll. However, I do concede that the Sarcone's rolls should have more meat on the sandwich. Another great pro is the variety: cutlet sandwiches, eggplant/veggie sandwiches/steaks/pork/roast beef. Friendly and fast service too.

Cons: Quality has declined slightly over time, but it's still decent. The pork sandwiches are a bit too sloppy for me. No indoor seating, so if you're there on a rainy or incredibly hot day, you may want to take your order to go.
Stopped here the other day for lunch after hearing about it on WIP, and Yelp! They take plastic which is key because I had no cash on me.  I would have been out of luck and hungry, thank you technology. Parking is street and they have a small lot which was free, also a plus. In the winter you go in the little tented area to order your sandwich, in the summer you order at the window.

Now to the sandwich - I ordered the Chicken Cutlet Italiano (voted best hot sandwich of 2010). Wait time was about 5 minutes ans I was waiting I saw they had a choice of bread seeds or no seeds, and I quickly asked the cashier if I could change my sandwich to seeds, he said yes but it would be 50 cents no big deal.  The roll was delicious. To me the roll either makes or breaks the sandwich.  The chicken was breaded perfectly with broccoli rabe, it also comes with sharp provolone but I abstained being so far from home. 

Seating is outside with a few tables over looking the Delaware river. I ate half outside but it was too windy so I ate the other half in the car, can't wait to go again to try other sandwiches.
In my cheese fry eating career, I've come to understand that there are a few varieties of canned, ready-made whiz for restaurants to choose from. This place serves the really good kind. I lived in Manayunk for a summer and found a place with this whiz, and ate it all season long. It will literally be the primary deciding factor in bringing me back in the future. The fries themselves aren't really anything to write home about, but that whiz is just so good. 

Their cheesesteaks are also very good - a good portion of tasty, chopped meat at a decent price. Definitely a worthy stop for hungry waterfront walkers.
I looked up best hoagie in Philly and was directed here by more than 1 site. Figured I can't not check it out at that point, so I walked down. 

First thought was how unassuming the place is - it's basically a trailer on the side of the road in the warehouse district off the Delaware River. The menu is on the side, and they have a window to order ordered the Italian hoagie on normal bread. It came out ptlretty quick  (they weren't really busy) and I grabbed a seat and dove in. 

The bread was soft, but kind of tough. But the best part for sure was the most-  incredibly flavorful and mouthwatering. They had just the right amount of veggies and oil to make it great. I think the only improvement that comes to mind would be in the bread, but that's easy enough to overlook.
Got an email this morning from their mailing list. I thought it was just another regular ad for their catering or something and was surprised to see it was a offer for a free sandwich for my birthday.

I was looking forward to my sandwich all day and walked about 20 blocks round-trip out of my way to go get my dinner. When I told the girl behind the counter I had a coupon and showed her the email, she said "I don't think we accept those anymore." I told her that it had been sent out this morning so unless policy changed mid-day it should still be good. She called a manager on the phone and then hung up and told me the coupons were from "the old ownership" and they weren't accepting them. 

And that was it. She didn't try to offer a drink or an order of fries or anything. Very disappointing. I will be taking my money elsewhere to get dinner.
This was my first attempt to get an original cheesesteak in Philly.
I have to say this met whatever standard I needed to set for when I plan on coming back to Philly. I ordered the Cajun Fries and they tasted so fresh. I like where this is located because on a nice day (I came when it was raining you can get a better sight of the river. The service here was ok, you better know what you're ordering before you get the cashier's attention, there were several times I got "raised eyebrows" when I just wanted to make sure I was ordering things correctly.  Whatever....we are up north, I laugh that stuff off.

Luckily the food made up for it, I got a Philly with Mushrooms, Onions, and Whiz and it was great! After eating one-half of the sub, I realized I would fall into a coma on the drive back south, so I tucked it away to snack on later. Winning.
It's located where? Blink and you pass this place. Situated in a nondescript parking lot off Del Avenue, this joint looks much like a shack or trailer from the outside.  

Giving them props for putting the effort into their menu. VERY good chicken cutlet & chicken cheesesteaks. They have decent seating outside if the weather cooperates.  Quick service, good deal. A MUST to pickup for the Birds or Phils game.
Solid steaks. Great bread that's pretty thin and hallowed out so you can taste the meat. Steak has smaller ribbons and has a good juicy bite when you go in. Overall, would come back. They also take credit card.
I really wanted to like this place after hearing good things in the past. But, it was terrible. #1, don't go there unless you want to leave smelling like grease. We were in Shank's for less than 10 minutes, waiting for our cheesesteaks to be made, and we absolutely stunk! #2, the professionalism of the employees is severely lacking. The cook was making the cheesesteaks and texting at the same time. #3, My chicken cheesesteak had black meat from grill debris. Needless to say, we will NOT be back. Based on previous reviews, it seems that there is a new owner and the quality has dramatically decreased.
Great cheesesteak and you can't beat sitting by the river.  Meaty and cheesey!!  I will be back for the Scrapple fries!!!
I don't get it.  The roast beef with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe really had nothing going for it except for its size.  It is really big.

I suppose if you like unfathomably hard bread and unremarkable, tough roast beef that repeatedly catches between your teeth and makes you wish you'd gone to the grocery store for your meat to make it yourself instead, you might like this sandwich.  Yeah that might have been a little bit of a run on sentence but that's how strongly I feel about my high expectations which were unmet.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction scale, this establishment is Pay It Forward.
I used to go here quiet frequently, so it would only be a given that I ordered off of ubereats with it being so close to my house. It was also a nice, quick, and cheap bite to pick up (on penns landing but a very odd location), so whenever i was craving, i tried to get. All was perfect.

Alas, everything has its downfall. When i ordered off of uber, my fries were spilled and cooked to hell. The roast pork sandwich, which is usually my favorite, was extremely dry with soggy bread?

Most of the time, i try to over look these one bad days, however, my drink was missing. I didnt want to be a bother, but i did pay for it. Therefore, i called and got connected with someone immediately. I asked for a refund for the drink, and got a "sure" and they immediately hung up on me. This was 3/15, it is now 3/23. Upsetting really.

*i work in the food industry, so i know they could have went on the app and refunded it in a matter of seconds. Wouldve took a few business days but not over a week


6/15/2018; still no refund
Great Chicken Sandwich Spot!

I normally get the balsamic Chicken Sandwich or the Chicken parmigiana.  Chicken is freshly grilled and the ingredients are always  fresh and delicious!  

I want to preface that I went to the Pier 40 Shank's location 1st! Recently I went to the one on 15th street because I was being lazy and didn't feel like walking to the Delaware when I live in CC.  That is a mistake I will never make again.  My Balsamic Chicken sandwich was a disgrace at the CC location.  Chicken was cooked on the girdle, not sliced, with horrible tomatoes and lettuce.  The balsamic was more of a creamy dressing that before I even took bite one, the dressing soaked the entire sandwich causing all contents to break thru the bottom of the Hoagie Roll.  

My suggestion to you, is to go to the Pier Location specially on a nice day!
What happened to this place?  The only reason that I am giving two stars is because it USED TO BE excellent, so I feel bad giving 1 star.  I used to love the sandwiches at Shanks, all of them.  I went here a couple of weeks ago and realized that this was not the same Shanks that stood here last year.  I ordered two sandwiches to split and they were disgusting. The chicken cutlet hoagie-  One little piece of chicken that was so overly fried it was almost black. The chicken italiano- same thing, tiny piece of chicken-- waaaaayy overly fried... and the broccoli rabe- ew!!  So bitter, not garlicky.  I ended up throwing most of it in the trash.
Simply one of my favorite quick-stop sandwich shops, bar none. 

Located on the (not really) scenic Delaware River waterfront in South Philly, Shank's offers a variety of huge, Italian-inspired sandwiches. 

Let's start with the most popular sandwich, the Roast Pork Italian. Delicious. Another reviewer said that it lacked flavor; with all due respect, I couldn't disagree more. The provolone is sharp and bitter. The pork is slightly spicy without being greasy, a rare feat for this sandwich. The greens are moist. The roll is crusty and soft, yet holds up to the monstrous quantity of its contents. 

My fiance, a vegetarian, also loves this place. She gets the Eggplant Parmigiana sandwich. According to her, the eggplant is thin and crispy. The cheese and sauce are in perfect quantity. As a veteran of these eggplant sandwiches, she claims this to be rare, as often the eggplant is drowned out by the other ingredients. 

The mozzarella sticks are tasty. Again, not a touch greasy. 

Another thing- their breakfast sandwiches are out of this world.
Shank's is a great place for a sandwich. Chicken cutlet with spinach and sharp provolone on a seeded roll can't be beat! The chicken cheesesteaks are great, too. I can take or leave the fries. Haven't tried too many other things because of how good the chicken cutlet is every time. 

Special Note: Join their club and get free sandwiches for your birthday. Also, they have promotions all the time...the last one being a chicken cutlet for $.79 the entire month of September! 

They've been in business for 50 years, so they're doing something right! Just be aware, rush hour can make it cumbersome to drive and Phillies games ensure a long wait. We call ahead every time now. 

Also, the view is not so bad and it's great to sit outside if the weather permits.
I had never heard of Shanks, despite growing up in the region and living in the city for some of it. When heading up and down Columbus Blvd on trips to IKEA, AAA, and U-Haul after my moved back to the city, we noticed it and gave it a try.

If this is a visitor's only experience with cheesesteaks or roast pork, they might not get the hype. There's nothing wrong with these sandwiches, but they weren't as good as others I've had. I even thought, "Huh, I've been away for a few years, and maybe I don't like cheesesteaks anymore." 

I don't eat cheesesteaks or roast pork often since that is not a good idea. So when I eat one, I want it to be worth the extra calories and fat.

I am, however, very interested in going back to try "scrapple fries" when I want a heart-stopping indulgence.
Here's the deal. This place can be as inconsistent as they come. MOST of the time, the sandwiches I get here are absolutely delicious, but every once in a while, you get one that just isn't quite what you were expecting: Cold meat, not enough meat, etc.

But with a deal like the current (and potentially ending soon) 79 cent roast pork sandwich, it's definitely worth a try. If you're there on good day, the pork is moist and tasty and the roll is both crunchy and soft in the right proportions. And if you're there on a bad day, you still get a pretty good and filling sandwich for cheaper than you could find anywhere else.
NEVER AGAIN. SHANK's should be embarrassed to put their name behind this sandwich and the owners should be embarrassed to serve it. Seriously. 
 
Place is lucky to get one star. Got the cheesesteak with sharp provolone (extra .50). Disgusting. 
So dry and tasteless. Steak was in crumbles. Falling all over my lap. Cheese not melted. Loaded it up with ketchup and that still didn't help. Absolutely horrible. 

I used to come here a lot when it was the original owners. Not sure who it now but they obviously don't know a thing about cheesesteaks. Steak -ums at home on bread would have been 10xs better. 

Don't waste your money or time! You'll only get aggravated like I did. Stick with Philips or Jims or somewhere else. Absolutely disgusting. Don't even deserve one star.


**Take note that mostly all the good reviews of steaks are old reviews when previous people owned this place. Not current reviews. What you see in the pictures are not the same sandwiches. Those pics are from when Shanks was actually pretty good. 

NEVER AGAIN.
My husband loves Shanks, so when I'm in need of a chicken cutlet sandwich, this is his first suggestion.  I think the quality has gone down recently.  The chicken on the last sandwich I had was WAY too fried, to the point of being burnt.  The provolone wasn't sharp enough and the broccoli rabe was a bit bitter.  

The spot is a little strange- tucked away in an industrial-ish section of the riverfront.  But it's easy to get to from the highway, if you are traveling on 95 and want a quick taste of Philly cuisine.  And the prices are pretty standard for the area and are reasonable for the quality/quantity.

Shank's always wins "Best of" this and that, but overall I feel like there are better spots to get chicken cutlets in the city.
Really great sandwiches, fast friendly service.  On a nice day it's really nice to sit by the river!!! Glad we gave it a try!
I got a great breakfast sandwich, husband had a wiz wit steak.
Ok, no lie, this may be the best cheesesteak in Philly. I will be going back shortly to verfiy my previous findings, but so far, it is WAY up in the rankings. I like the "South Philly" feel of it (even though it may or may not technically be in South Philly) compared to the new Shank's uptown. The roll (ask for seeded) was perfect for the salty, meaty, cheesy goodness inside. A perfect amount of grease, and you can tack on a soda for a $7.50 lunch special. I am all about it. You should be too. Especially once the weather gets nicer, I will be making this a frequent stop after weekend bike rides. I am really excited for Shank's to have come to this spot, as I had never ventured there before. Give it a try, it's definitely worth it.
This place did not disappoint me. I bought the groupon literally fifteen minutes before I showed up. Go Groupon!!

The philly cheese steak I had was huge and delicious. The bread they put it on was soft and the american cheese was great. The fries were super crispy! They are thin like McDonald's fries. So good. Come here if you can a decent lunch. If there is a groupon buy it because it does say you a lot of money.
I'll save the boring story...when you say you're open at 10AM, and we're the first people in line - you would expect a hot sandwich right away, wouldn't you? NOPE.  It means the cooks get there at 10 too, so they gotta turn the burners/stoves etc. on, wait for it to warm up - THEN you'll get your chicken cutlet sandwich (which everybody here raves about).  They'll make a cold deli sandwich, sure.....but c'monnnn.  How about turning the stoves on at 9:30 when nobody is around, then when 10 comes and you got your first customer - BOOM - ready to go! Yea - that makes more sense to me too.Had to wait a good 15-20 min for our sandwiches despite being first in line, literally.

That's the negative one star.  I sincerely hope they'll fix that as it's a very simple solution to a simple problem - who knows - maybe it was just that one day, this is why I'm not trashing them, but instead starting off with the one sticking point in an otherwise WONDERFUL experience.

Now - on to the FOOD REVIEW.  The chicken cutlet that everybody here was raving about was ON POINT.  Absolutely delicious.  I also split a chicken parm sandwich with my wife; VERY very good.  The place is a small little joint off the delaware river with a nice view and good seating/atmosphere.  I'd def. go again despite fierce competition from DiNics/Tony Lukes/Sarcones etc. I've added a few pics.  Nice work guys, just please try to fix the timing issue.  You're one of the few joints that are open in time for a 1pm kick to an Eagles game on Sundays!
Had no idea this was here. The only time I gave Pier 40 a thought was when I rented a Budget truck last summer. 

But now, there's this cheerful sandwich stand with quite a respectable picnic area - even more charming if you're into the whole industrial thing, which I am (looks out over the rear of the Coast Guard station). It's also far enough off Delaware Ave to avoid exhaust fumes. Easy access and plentiful parking to boot. 

The menu holds everything you would want out of a sandwich stand. I ordered the Shank's Veggie with fried eggplant with broccoli rabe, spinach, roasted peppers, mushrooms and sharp provolone. I think my friend ordered the Chicken Cutlet Italiano, or if it wasn't, it was something very similar. I was so enamored of my sandwich that all else floated right out of my head. 

I'll pop this up to four stars if the fries step it up a notch. I highly suspect my crab fries were of the frozen Ore-Ida variety, and did not have near enough Old Bay. I'd be happy to see that changed. 

But, fries aside, I'll certainly be back - the sandwich was heavenly. 

One note - when your sandwich is ready, your name is called through the loudspeaker facing the outside tables. Do not stand next to the loudspeaker, your eardrums may never recover, but at least you'll never miss your sandwich.
Eh, my chicken parm was OK.  For it to be $9 for a medium sized sandwich, I was hoping for more. If you're on the way to the stadiums or just need a quick bite, it's a fine spot.
The food was ok it not as good as it use to be and they have a cook in there that's sweating bullets he even sweats on the rolls and on the food he is preparing. Yuck! that's what kind of turned me off.
If you want to go out of your way for a mediocre representation of a great Philly style roast pork sandwich (completed with way too much bread and a price tag that will leave you wondering why anyone visits), Shank's is your spot!
My craving for a sandwich got me at Shank's. It is right next to Pier 40 bldg. There is no dedicated parking at Shank's. They are actually sharing what limited parking spaces Pier 40 bldg. has. They have only alfresco dining with very limited seating. They usually cater to take out customers. I don't know where they order their bread from, but it is fresh and delicious. The Chicken used in their cheese steak sandwiches are in big chunks, and grilled perfectly. Not minced / over cooked and dried out like those other guys..... (you know who you are). The Eggplant Shank's Style is piled high with lots of eggplant and Broccoli Rabe. You will get stuffed with just eating half of the sandwich. The Spicy Cajun Fries brings me back to the last time I was at Wildwood  Boardwalk. It was fresh off the fryer and delicious!
Take a pass on their eggplant, tomato, and provolone sandwich which is overpriced and sent out bad vibes.  Loser tomatoes and gray greasy eggplant.  And the sharp provolone for $1.50 extra worked as the only viable ingredient.  Place was near empty on a Tuesday at lunch hour which tells you something.

*They need to figure out how to make this location work, as the store is getting lost  with the growing traffic volume on Columbus Ave.
I think they must have gotten new owners and or cooks. Stopped by for cheesesteak and cheese fries.  Steak was awful, seems like the just threw two pieces of cold provolone cheese on bread and called it a day. Cheese fries were in styrofoam cup and they just poured cheese wiz on top of fries and put them I'm a paper bag.  I used to frequent there quite often but after this last visit it seems this will be my last visit.
(Updated review.)
The roast pork sandwich is absolutely awesome. Easy to find, easy to park, easy to eat way too much.  Real South Philly style food and very clean. Save your trip to 9th and Passyunk unless you need a neon tan
I have been here a few times and every visit I try something new.  My favorite is Old School Italian Hoagie..today I found another favorite...I had the roast pork sandwich and fries.  It was clean and the staff was friendly and greeted me as soon as I walked in!  I will be thinking about that hoagie all night!  I will be back soon!
My gf stopped to get us 2 sandwiches yesterday. She said the girl that took her order was rude. She ordered a pork Italian seeded for her and a pork combo unseeded for me. It came to just under $20. When she got home her sandwich had no pork and mine was on a seeded roll. I called back, the girl answering the phone said there was no manager there. I described the problem and asked for 2 more sandwiches to be delivered. She said it would take 45 minutes. The sandwiches were at our house in Fishtown in 25. My sandwich still had seeds. I am not allergic, but I don't like them. It was the second time they made the same mistake. If they hadn't made the mistake again, I would have bought from there again. My gf's experience was completely ruined and will not eat from there again.
Great Sandwichs from the Cheese Steaks to the Grilled chicken Balsamic. The Italiano is great also. Never had a bad sandwich here, just Philly Perfection of making a good meal.
But , Get the right thing or you're losing stars fast. I love Shanks. It's the best cutlet sandwich I may've ever had. It's thick properly pounded cutlets breaded just-right. You'll never worry about a question mark in these cutlets, they are good eats. The Rabe is so good. It's crunchy, bitter, and reminds you of a fresh batch. It's a major deal for me to have my sandwich on the proper bread. Shank's uses Liscios, which I think sucks. I always call to check and make sure. I don't recommend anything else. I am extremely satisfied with the Cutlet italiano, and I would put it up to any best sandwich.
We live in Florida, but my fiancé is from Philly. Every time we come to town, he makes me hit all his favorite food spots. I was never really that impressed until we tried Shanks. On our most recent trip, I made him take me there twice in one weekend because I couldn't get enough. The Cheesesteak is phenomenal. Much better than the other local places I've tried like Pat's or Gino's. I also love the chicken cutlet hoagie. He prefers the Classic Italian or the hot roast pork. The sarcone seeded rolls are amazing. I highly recommend this place!!!
I've gone past this little shack on the waterfront near Penn's Landing many times over the years, wondering if their cheesesteaks were legit. I finally had a chance to find out. I'm happy to report that they are legit! Big juicy, messy, cheesesteaks on a nice soft roll. They have covered benches outside, making this a good spot for hanging out and having a cheesesteak outside on a nice summer day. It's too bad it's too far from Penn's Landing to get noticed by the crowds there.  The place would be packed if more people there knew such a good cheesesteak was a short walk away,
Groupon can lead you to some interesting places, but this one was a solid hit.  We've driven past here many times coming home from Shoprite and IKEA, so why not give them a try?

The Chicken Cutlet Italiano with rabe and roasted red peppers is an excellent sandwich.  I enjoyed the cheese steak, but I'm beginning to prefer my meat sliced rather than chopped.  The place is clean and the service is really friendly, which is not the case at some of their competitors.  My biggest gripe is the price.  It is easy to come out of here in the $25-30 range for two sandwiches and an order of fries.
Sandwiches are great. Loud speaker needs to be fixed!  They don't have regular ham most of the time but their spicy ham is good too. The new guy at counter is super sweet!  Italian hoagie was awesome!
Garbage  cheesesteak  chicken parm. Soda 25 dollars and the rolls were stale 
Not a great experience
So has a plastic room out front to sit at when its cold. Nice picnic tables on the water when it's nice. The guys are super friendly when you go in and the sandwiches made to order. I think they have the best pork sandwiches in the city. ( beating out Tony lukes by a wee margin). The sandwiches come on either seeded or unseeded rolls. There fries were amazingballs!! I am going to try the spicy ones next time. It's a crowd favorite with the kids and the man
The best cheesesteaks in the area hands down. The scrapple fries are so good. I would recommend this place to anyone wanting a really good cheesesteak.  There is indoor seating as well as outdoor.  It's on the Delaware river near penns landing.
I had not eaten all day and was craving a cheese steak. Shanks is close to where I lived so I figured I would give them another chance. Since it changed ownership the food has been bad to say the least ... I order and received my ch steak quickly ... Took it home and it was nasty ... Cheap meat on an amoroso roll .... Worst in the city .. I couldn't eat it so I tried giving it to my dog and he turned his nose up at it ... Btw fries were bad too .. They switched from the skinny fries to the cheap processed larger fries .... Anything usually tastes good when your starving ... But not a shanks ch steak... Shank is prob rolling over in his grave ...
Just got a cheese steak hoagie w/mild provolone, onions, and peppers.  I asked and paid for a seeded roll and did not get it. Also asked to scoop the bread and that did not happen either. The steak was overcooked to the point of being dry and the grease drippping off was extraordinary.  I've never had so much grease on a cheese steak.  The steak was chopped up into very small fine crumbly pieces.  There were not many people there so I don't know what the problem is.  They are having a special all day to celebrate 50 yrs in business.  Don't think they will get any more of my business.
Shanks yuck no thanks
I had read so many reviews of shanks so I went to try the cheesesteak.  
It was average at best and the fact that I had to remove two pieces of unchewable grizzle from my mouth while eating it made it less than average.
Needless to say I will  no be returning.
Simply the best roast pork sandwich in the city HANDS DOWN!!!!
Full of flavor and juicy
Nice amount of fries also
Great location with picnic tables and plenty of parking.  Sadly the Chicken Cutlet Italiano lacked any flavor.  No seasoning on the chicken and the spinach was flat too.  Only bright spot was the view and the sarcones seeded roll.  No comparison to the sandwich at Tony Luke's.
In a city where everyone claims to have the best cheesesteak and after passing by for years I finally gave them a shot and honestly the best is right here. Steak was seasoned and cooked perfect, roll was super soft and the wiz was better then the competition. Don't let the low key location fool u Shanks can easily hang with the other known establishments through out Philadelphia. Parking is a breeze and service is good.
Finally tried Shanks and so glad I did!

It's a little shack nestled in Penn's Landing- far enough from the pier crowd so you have to make it a mission to go here. The good part- free parking and outside seating! 

I tried their cheesesteak but The best part was the scrapple fries. I decided to do scrapple fries as a side but combined it into my cheesesteak when I saw they had a cheesesteak with scrapple fries. And it's the best combo! Sounds like too much but it's actually not overwhelming. At first I thought it was French fries topped with scrapple bits. But it's actually a scrapple patty cut up in "fry" or wedge shape- as seen in my pic. 

The cheesesteak is good- not the best bread but the meat itself was tasty. Put some mayo and ketchup and voila!
The cheesesteaks are good.  It begins with quality meat that they use (unlike some other cheesesteak places - Pat's/Geno's).  

We got the Groupon for 2 - includes two cheesesteaks, 2 fries, and 2 drinks for $20.  It's a pretty good deal considering two cheesesteaks are 20 bucks. 

This place is definitely better than Pat's / Geno's.  The fries were disappointing - needed an extra 3-4 minutes. I'm surprised that this place is still here given that there's little foot traffic.
Horrible! The only reason for the 2 stars and not one is because they are fast and nice. Place is a place where you order at the front, they take your name, and when the order is ready, they call you and get go get the meal.

 I ordered a regular cheesesteak with provolone and fried onions. It was by far the driest thing I have ever eaten. It was dryer than the Sahara dessert! Lol. In my opinion, a great cheesesteak is one that does not require any extra condiments. You should be able to taste the meat and cheese. I also believe a cheesesteak should have melted cheese. I have never put so much ketchup on anything. The only thing that made it somewhat edible was the loads of ketchup. Also, the cheese wasn't even melted. I used my cheat day on this? So sad

Overall: I won't be back. In a city known for cheesesteaks, you can find better literally around the corner.
