Shia Lan Kung is a late night, old school restaurant that serves tasty food in the speed of light.  I sobered up many a late night here over the years.  
They offer a really huge menu with all of the traditional favorites. Everything I've tried here over the years has been pleasing to say the least.  There's a saying in Hawaii,  and it goes like this:  "The best Chinese food is not on the menu" so sometimes I invent a dish.  
You should have some knowledge of how Chinese food is constructed or you could be laughed out of there.  There is one dish that they prepare so excellent, I wish I could experience it. I have a severe allergy to crabs,  but I know if I want to thank or impress a young lady or aa co-worker,  I order what everyone calls "Big Crab". Actually it a big Dungeness crab sauteed with ginger and scallions.  There must be something in the water they drink because all the ladies I know go ga ga over "Big Crab". 
Stop by Shiao Lan Kung and try it, there's no set price for it because the bigger the crab,  the bigger the price.  Whatever it cost, it ain't enough.
Twenty-five of us were looking for a late night eatery, and a quick search on Yelp led us to this Chinatown restaurant. Initially, the server said over the phone that they are able to host a group of this size, but the interior turned out a lot smaller than we had envisioned. Upon entering, you will see a score of small tables tightly stacked together and two larger ones in the back. Seated elbow to elbow, we easily took over this hole in the wall for several hours on this very late evening.

Shrimp Wonton Soup ($15.75/4 people serving size): Great size of pork and shrimp wontons, perfectly thin wrapper, firm shrimp textures, and light tasting soup. One of the best wontons I have tasted. Plenty of wontons for four, but the price was way too high.

Seafood Tofu Hotpot ($13.50): The seafood was plump and juicy. Among the seafood, I enjoyed the large slices of fish filets and scallops. The fried tofu cubes were silky soft on each bite. This is my favorite dish of the night. I could sit there and eat the tofu all day. 

Chicken with Black Bean Sauce ($9.50) Great black bean stir-fry. Juicy and moist chicken. Great addition of onions and scallions to layer on top of the deepening black bean flavor. 

Shredded Chicken Black Bean Pan Fried Noodles ($8.50): The noodles were crisp and softened by the black bean stir-fry. The taste of the chicken was nicely integrated and flavorful. The same can be said about the House Pan-Fried Noodles with Shrimp, Chicken, and Beef ($14.50), as there was a good amount of toppings to go around, and the noodles were crisp and soft in all the right places. 

Beef with Scallion and Ginger ($10.50): The scallion and ginger stir-fry had good form to add to the tender and flavorful slices of beef. This was one of the highlights of the night.

Vegetarian Singapore Noodles with Tofu ($10.50): Nice curry flavor, and the noodles were fried to dry with good separation. However, I thought the additional $2 charge on the tofu was a rip off. Since we ordered so much food, I didn't like how they nickled and dimed us on this particular plate.

Beef Ho Fun ($9.50): The thick flat noodles were slippery and easy to separate. The beef again was tender and flavorful with good chew. This was another highlight for us.

Asparagus Chicken ($12.95): Nice thick and firm asparagus and the thick chicken slices were easy to bite into. They seemed to be able to bring out the flavors in simple dishes in complicated way.

Shrimp Fried Rice ($7.95): Wok fried rice with eggs, onions, and bean sprout. Nice texture coming from the onions and bean sprouts as the rice was airy and dried. The scrambled egg added a finesse element, and the wok fried flavor made it delicious.

Overall, the flavors on each dish were surprisingly tasty, had good form steeped in Cantonese traditions, nice wok fry wow factor, and tremendous food temperature. In addition to my complaints about the prices, each dish also came out one at a time, prompting those who ordered last to get their food when everyone else had already finished. Structurally, this was probably not the most ideal place for a group of our size. Given the number of competitions in the area, I would only return for late night small gatherings, and all food, no-frills experiences.
Walking out of Hop Sing in the wee hours on Sunday morning, we asked Lee for a recommendation for late-night Chinese and he rattled off a couple places. We walked past the line at David's and into the nearly-empty Shiao Lan Kung. 

My klutzy self had suffered a minor incident on the one block walk (heels are dangerous and even moreseo after several drinks) and when we arrived my left knee was looking a bit questionable. A lady who worked there came over right away with some first aid stuff, which was much appreciated. 

If you want to continue your drinking, you'll have to BYO as Shiao Lan Kung does not serve alcohol. We saw several late-night parties walk in after us with beer. That said, leave the bar before last call and secure your table. The place got a lot busier as the night went on.   

We started with fried dumplings which arrived in a soy sauce with fresh chopped scallions. They were booze-soakingly delicious. Next up was some perfectly sticky white rice and chicken in black bean sauce and pork in garlic sauce. Both were awesome. 

I'm still impressed that my motor vehicle skills allowed me to use my chopsticks successfully. I definitely owe this place a more sober visit so I can properly assess the food.
Where can you go on a weekend night leading into the early hours of the morning and find a great Chinese place. No I am not talking about the places where there is 3 inches of glass separating you from them either.  What I am talking about is a sit down establishment in the Chinatown district of Philly.  Shiao Lan Kung is the spot to go to my friends. 

As our  night   of wreck less abandonment came to an end of going to different bars  we needed to fill a void. (Jason K. and I ) What came to mind was Chinese, with the help of Yelp, Shiao Lan looked like that place.  Mind you this was around 1:45 am and they were open with a few tables being served. This was great we thought , authentic Chinese cuisine, everything prepped fresh, not frozen , with a server always making sure you're fully accommodated. 

We sat at a table with the complimentary house tea being served, which was OK for me. I needed a break from the intake of alcohol that evening, my liver thanked me. As we were sipping our server brought out 3 different dishes of dipping sauces in chili oil, duck sauce , and their house mustard.  Right there we knew this was going to be good,  with the warm crispy noodles served to us to start munching away. 

Our meal started off with: 

- Hand made Egg Rolls, these were nice in size that was busting from the seams. I have never had an egg roll this good, yes I know its an egg roll , but I'm telling you this was great.

- Steamed Pork Dumpling's (8 total) in a soy sauce that was simply delicious. Filled just right, with a great flavor to it. Mix it  with the house mustard or chili oil provided and you have brought yourself to a whole different level. 

- Beef with Ginger and Scallions. Tender pieces of beef beautifully marinaded  that just melted in your mouth with every bite. The ginger and scallions aroma alone would make your mouth water. Mine is right now as I am remembering it.

- Singapore Noodles. This dish of thin noodles, angel hair like was perfectly spiced with curry with nice sized shrimp and pork mixed in this was a phenomenal dish that was enjoyed.  Add a little more to it with the chili oil or house mustard and watch your pours open up with sweat.

-Dry Chicken with Black Bean. Another dish we enjoyed with the chicken that seemed like it was marinated in this spicy black bean sauce . A nice flavorful rush to the taste buds with every bite.  

Great dinning experience, with everything that was ordered , they also gave us a bowl of white rice to mix and match. What else could you ask for, with everything tasting the way it did. 

Nice little spot for anyone to go in and enjoy, clean , very hospitable with prices almost to good to be true. I'd definitely will be back, I plan to make this a stop when I'm going bar crazy in the city.
Shiao Lan Kung specializes in delicious Chinese comfort food and is another one of our favorite restaurants of Chinatown. A couple weekends ago, we randomly called to see if they might be open and were so excited that someone picked up. We placed an order for the braised fish filet tofu in hotpot/casserole, and Peking pork chop. I would also recommend their other hotpot/casseroles, as they're all done very well.

One downside is that they're cash only. I can't remember if there's an ATM machine inside, but make sure to come prepared!
One of the most reliable restaurants in Philly's active Chinatown is Shiao Lan Kung.  This Cantonese classic remains very popular with Philadelphians because the dishes are always well prepared.  For cutting edge or more adventurous Chinese cooking I go elsewhere, but for tasty and filling Chinese comfort food Shiao Lan Kung is high on my list. I have always thought they do an excellent Singapore Rice Noodles and a recent meal confirmed that opinion.  Some extra chili sauce added to the spicing as well as to the blend of egg, shrimp, pork, and scallions.  I'm sure I'll return to Shiao Lan Kung at some point!
I went here with a party of 7 to celebrate Chinese New Year and we all left pretty stuffed. This small place has two large tables with a lady susan, while the rest are small tables. The whole place probably fits about 50 people. We ordered family style and I'll tell you what I'd recommend and not.

Recommended:
1) Clams in black bean sauce: always a staple for me and it was good here. Portion size was good and price was good.
2) Snow pea leaves sauteed in garlic: nice change from other greens I'd usually get .
3) Fish Maw Soup with Seafood: YUMMY! It has always been one of my favorite soups and their version was hearty, while light, and full of seafood. There was shrimp, squid, etc. 

Maybe:  Salt baked squid: hmm maybe. I didn't think it was that great or good in portion but maybe it was just this time. 

Not recommended:
1) Sizzling beef: While the flavor was good and it came out piping hot (duh!), it was HUGE chunks of beef. I mean these were definitely giant nugget sized beefs rather than thinly sliced one. This made the beef a bit tougher and less flavorful than it could've been. 
2) Honey Walnut Shrimp: The biggest disappointment of the night and the most expensive plate ($15). It came surrounded in a bed of steamed broccoli and I can say the portion of broccoli to shrimp was ridiculous (Was def not expecting to even see broccoli). I ate one shrimp, literally. I think we basically paid a dollar per tiny shrimp. If that wasn't bad enough, rather than having the mayo sauce lightly coated all over the shrimp, it was just globbed on top and very thick. No thanks!

After the meal, they gave us a hefty portion of pre-sliced blood oranges and fortune cookies. The oranges were so sweet and good :) Good way to clean the palate. 

Will I come back? Maybe but there are a few others in Chinatown I'd want to try first. They accept credit card.
As many have mentioned, Shiao Lan Kung offers a variety of salt-baked specialties, which I enjoy as well. Often we also get down with some chicken and eggplant or chicken in black bean sauce. We always order one of those saucy birds... but sometimes all I want for these rum-soaked bones is some spicy lo mein noodles in the night. I'll admit it. 

Usually I'd be more about the more authentic and interesting side of things, but the ole gal gets hit with these kinda hankerings hard after a night out and about. Noodley comfort food, that's the ticket.

Shaio Lan Kung does not have such an item listed on their menu, but when I asked if the cooks could stir up their vegetarian lo mein extra extra super spicy, they really did and gave me some extra chili oil on the side t'boot, and I appreciate it. 

Open late 2 Am every night and 3 AM on Fri & Sat. That there is some helpful information for someone like myself, you know.
Such great service!!! Brought in a cake for a friend's birthday and they were so nice in serving it to us. 

All the food was great as well, especially the salt baked squid. There were some really spicy peppers in it though, so be careful!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I go here about once every two weeks and always order the same 2 things (-which I'll get to in a moment.) 

What spurred me to write this review is that I went to Shaio Lan Kung last night- alone. I've never gone to a restaurant by myself before but after a grueling weekend at work and with a pocket full of cash and a good book, I decided that a quiet evening gorging myself at my favorite hole-in-the-wall (and it is a hole-in-the-wall... no one goes there for the atmosphere) was just what the doctor ordered. However, I was afraid that I'd be hurried, or ignored, or have to deal with an annoyed waiter (less food= less tips) but was both relieved and surprised when my service was on-point as always (though a little forgetful, which I find charming. "Oh! Your tea! I'll get it right now!" *scurry in the back, run to my table tea in hand looking slightly but endearingly embarrassed*) I read my book for a long while and slowly munched my food while my water magically refilled itself every time I turned the page (Shiao Lan Kung- the enchanted eatery of China Town?) and the food was, as it always is, orgasmically delicious. 

As a vegan my options are somewhat limited in a place like SLK, but it doesn't matter because they have two of the most delicious vegan meals in the entire city (rendering other options superfluous.) This is what I get (and my friends get, and their friends get, and so on, and so on...) 

SALT BAKED TOFU ($7.95) 
EGGPLANT WITH GARLIC SAUCE IN A HOT POT ($8.95) 

This is food enough for two people (though I ate it all myself last night and waddled home with unbuttoned jeans.) The tofu is not baked at all, but rather fried (or enchanted to appear fried) and comes out sauceless, topped with chopped scallions and hot peppers, and outrageously delicious. I don't even like tofu, but this is undeniably amazing. (My meat eating friends even order it!) Salty, crisp, yummy. 

The eggplant hot pot is of another world. It comes out spitting and sputtering in a thick garlic sauce with wood ear mushrooms, scallions, and thick pieces of superbly cooked eggplant. When my Dad visited Philly we got this dish 3 times in 2 days. The portion is huge, the price is right, and thus far I've never got that slimy-coated-greasy-stomach that some Chinese joints leave you with. 

Also, as for the reviewer who said they never see Asian people at SLK, they must have gone on backwards day. It's usually filled with non-english speaking Asians when I am there (or non Asians like myself that know good food when they find it), in fact I was first introduced to this restaurant by a Chinese friend who ordered for me in Cantonese so I wouldn't know what I was getting (...so I couldn't go without him.) 

This is a great place for vegans and vegetarians to go with omnivores, or go with each other, or, as I found out last night, to go alone. I highly recommend you witness the magic for yourself.
Tiny restaurant
Marvelous aroma hug
Love your fried dumpling

There are only 11 tables here and two of which are for 6+ people parties. So expect a short wait at this BYO. 

The menu is extensive, so do yourself a flavor and order some fried dumplings when you first sit and enjoy those as you figure out your plan of attack. The food smells great, and in a way makes it hard to decide just what to get! I like that kind of problem.

We shared an order of Shrimp and Broccoli (quite good) and I think the other dish was called sizzling Bok Wa... find it about halfway down the Chef's Specialty page. This featured lobster, shrimp, chicken, BBQ pork, hearts of palm, snow peas, and a few other favorites in an oyster sauce served on a sizzling platter! Really good. Throw in the dumplings and at $30 it was a cheap meal. 

They don't rush you out, but the food comes fast. They do a brisk turnover, so don't be surprised to find a stain or a few holes in your table cloth. 

Two final compliments. First is that there are several other restaurants open on this street and none had more than two tables while Shiao was full. Second, we ran into one of my favorite Yelpers (who has reviewed this place before) heading here as we were leaving...always a good sign to see quality Yelper returning to a joint.
By far my favorite Chinese restaurant to go to. The service is amazing and the food is even better. My go to dishes here are

Salt baked seafood - I would just go for squid, but my family loves the shrimp. The flavoring is always on point. A perfect blend of salty and a hint of spicy.

Beef chow fun with gravy - always such a hit. The gravy gets soaked into the noodles and really gives it flavor.

Fish maw soup- this is my sons favorite. He always asks for this and says he loves it. They load it with tons of fish maw and seafood.

Clams in black bean sauce - so good! I tend to probably get only one bc my sons kills it.

If I'm in the mood for Chinese, this is one of the places that I tend to hit up first.
Don't believe the hype.. they're okay.

I don't see what all the fuss is about. The service was inattentive and forgetful. Two of my family's dishes were forgotten, so I reminded them. A few minutes later they produced one of the missing dishes and kept promising the other was on its way, but it never arrived.

Food-wise, nothing here stood out at all; everything we tried was average at best, and inedible at worst.
The tofu was good enough, same as you'd get anywhere. 
The sweet and sour chicken, usually considered a safe choice for the less adventurous, was mostly pretty good but about a fifth of the pieces had a large portion of tough gristle.

The beef with ginger and scallions was just plain awful. I was really looking forward to it because the menu highlighted it as a highly recommended dish, but it was rubbery and mostly flavorless. I couldn't make it past the third bite and ended up wasting it. I hate wasting food but this tasted like it was microwaved from raw to finished. Considering that this was the one they initially forgot, that is quite likely what happened. It shows they have no pride in their food and they'll take shortcuts to turn tables.

All in all, nothing here was good enough to make it stand out in a greasy sea of cheap Chinese restaurants.
This is one of our new favorite places!  So good - it simply reminded me of delicious, old fashioned, extremely flavorful Chinese food. 

The Hot and Sour Soup was wonderfully sour, they used a heavy hand with the vinegar.  The Cold Sesame Noodles were fluffy and tasty with thin slices of crunchy carrot mixed in and lettuce to cool the mouth on top, it was a big bowlful for just an appetizer.  

We love love, loooooooved the Dry Chicken in Black Bean Sauce - No Bone - it was lightly fried cut up chicken pieces that had a delicious sort of grilled taste served in a salty, spicy sauce with yummy little tidbits of scallion and beans.  We also got the Tofu in Garlic Sauce that was very good too - generous logs of tofu dressed in a sour, spicy, slightly sweet sauce.

It is small and a bit of a hole in the wall - clean enough but nothing fancy.  The service was fine. 

We even liked the fortune cookies - they weren't  those cardboard tasting ones served in cellophane wrap - these actually tasted good. Just writing this review is making me want to go there right now.
We were trying to find food in the city the other night around 1am and decided to head to Chinatown.  We happened upon Shiao Lan Kung and I recalled reading positive reviews about it.  We ordered the Vegetable Lo Mei Fun take out and went home and devoured it.  Two days later we decided to head back for a full dinner.  

The restaurant is small, although there was only one other party there when we arrived so we were seated immediately.  The menu is a decent size offering both meat and vegetable dishes and specializing in seafood dishes.  

The service was very attentive and prompt, though not too intrusive and our food was delivered in just the right amount of time (I was starving!).  The decor is a bit outdated - with essentially zero ambiance...

The food however, is delicious! As we were eating our meal the tables kept filling up (always a good sign) We ordered the Vegetable Lo Mei Fun again- I loved it...I'm a big fan of this dish and I'd say this is for sure the best I've had in Philadelphia.  We also ordered the Sweet and Spicy Shrimp which was delicious as well, I'm usually not a fan of any of the 'Sweet and Sour/Spicy' dishes but this was really good.  The shrimp tasted fresh as well.  

The price for two of us for dinner came to around $20.  I look forward to returning here again soon! My favorite restaurant I've tried in Chinatown so far. Highly recommended!

Also I believe it is BYOB.
Just call it "The place with the lace curtains."  That's what all the cool kids say.

So I went here with a group of friends for a meetup dinner.  The place is a byo which is always nice and the prices are very reasonable.  The decor inside is not much to speak of.  It pretty much looks like any other run of the mill chinese restaurant I've ever been to.  One cool thing about our table was that it had a lazy susan in the middle of it.  Gotta love that, ya know, because it spins.

So onto the food.  We were a relatively large group so we ordered quite and array of items.  This place really excels in the food department.  The salt baked squid is phenomenal.  It's like there is salt running through the batter but it's not overwhelming.  The sliced chiles on the plate as well just make it that much more awesome to eat.

The hot pots that we got were very tasty and definitely enough food for one person.  The service was very prompt and they were extremely nice and accommodating to our fairly large group.  I ordered the sizzling wor ba which I expected to come out with huge fan fair.  It was tasty but I was a bit underwhelmed by the dish.  Still, there is enough good about this place that I won't dwell on my tasty but not stellar entree.

Oh, and also as a nicety, it won't break the bank either.  Definitely a new go to spot up in chinatown.
My #1 for Chinese in Philadelphia.  Everytime I must order the Salt Baked Tofu, Snow Pea Leaves with Garlic and Chinese Vegetable Soup but I love everything I try there.

Great place to take visitors to the city, especially if they don't have good Chinese Food where they live.

The negatives I live with?  It's not clean.  Tablecloths are dirty and once (only once) I saw a cockroach climbing the wall.

Since I still go there you can guess how good the food is.
This is one of my late night goto spots in Chinatown ! The food is great and the service is solid as well! We normally order the black bean chicken, salt and Pepper squid, and the beef with eggplant. Of course we add a big bowl of rice! The black bean chicken is my goto dish here and can not go wrong it's so good! Salt pepper squid is lightly fried with jalapeños, Thai chili pepper, and scallions! I normally add a little chili oil to this ! The eggplant with beef is another one of my goto dishes if you like eggplant. It's not too mushy, the sauce is sweet, beef is cooked nicely, and goes well with rice ! This meal was about 45$! They are opened until Atleast 2 am. Enjoy
I have to say, Shiao Lan Kung is the diamond in the rough in Chinatown. I've never even heard of this place before my friend jokingly suggested we go there after we left the club.

When we walked in, it was fairly empty for a Friday night. One of my friend's friend suggested we get the pan fried dumplings, and so we got three orders of those. We also got the salt and pepper squid and the sweet and sour pork bbq.

The salt and pepper squid was fantastic. Perfectly fried and the tiny slices of jalapeno added perfect flavor and was a great complement to the salt and pepper. The squid was not too rubbery and it was a decent portion for only $8.

The dumplings were amazing. They literally tasted like candy. Perfectly fried and crispy, yet when you bit into the dumpling, it melted into your mouth like perfection. I swore angels were singing hallelujah above my head as I ate dumpling after dumpling. The best thing is that the dumplings are only $5.50 for 8 dumplings, and the size of the dumplings are slightly bigger than half the size of a grown man's fist.

The main dish was the sweet and sour pork bbq. The pork came in bite sized pieces and was topped with a nice bbq glaze. It also had slices of pineapple on the side which added a nice sweet flavor to the pork, and the glaze wasn't too sour. The pork was cooked very nicely, and the amount of pork we got was pretty generous. 

Overall, I have to nominate Shiao Lan Kung as the best afterhours dining spot in Philadelphia. Best salt pepper squid, best fried dumplings, and the best boneless sweet and sour pork.
Table cloths are filthy and there's stuff floating in the water glasses.  I saw two other people return their flithy water glasses to the bus boy.
The two wait staff people were excellent but the food was really gross.
The orange chicken was slimy and syrup heavy.  The vegetables were good but it was just too dirty for me to overlook.
Perhaps I ordered wrong but I'll never come back to find out.
I would more say 4.5 stars for this place. The service is amazing and so is the food. This is probably my favorite so far in Chinatown. It's a very small restaurant and not fancy at all, but who needs fancy when the food is this good? I also like the small nature of the place because the servers are more attentive

My family and I decided to come here for father's day since I really wanted snails in a black bean sauce. Here's the reason for the deduction is stars - they didn't have any! I was a little upset, but the other dishes really made up for it. This is the first time dining in at this place, but I have ordered take out in the past.

Fish maw soup - very meaty and very flavorful. Most places I've gotten it at doesn't give you much seafood, but here, it's perfect. My son killed it. He kept asking for more. 

Salt & Pepper Squid - perfect! Not overly breaded, and the squid itself was soft, yet chewy. I craved this the next day.

Sizzlin' beef short ribs (without bone) - Again, another favorite. They gave me plenty of meat and not just tons and tons of onions and peppers. Also, the meat wasn't fatty either

Salted fish fried rice - Not too salty. I loved the big chunks of fish they served in it (unlike other places that gives me only shreds of it)

Beef chow fun with gravy - gravy was very flavorful and the noodles weren't old and hard. A+

Overall: I think I found my new chinese spot for the moment and I will be back.
Best rinky-dink chinese restaurant ever!

This place is a virtual hole in the wall... but I have been loving it and coming for over 10 years now.

The best thing about this place is that it is still small (only downside is waiting for a table in the restaurant.. - probably only has 8-10 tables)!

I've tried just about everything on the menu aside from the more exotic items..

My favorites are:

Dragon and Phoenix Nest 
chicken and shirmp tossed around in a wine sauce with veggies in a fried taro nest.
NEVER too greasy.. nice flavor

Salt Baked Squid
great texture - not overcooked so its not super chewy.
I would love to see it served with jalapeno spiked, vinegary soy sauce on the side though

Beef Chow Fun with Black Been Sauce
ok.. this dish is ridiculous good and great for those who are used to the Americanized Chinese cuisine

Giant Clam -
MmM so good, just try this tender, briney seafood dish

Choy Sum/Water Spinach with Garlic.
Just a good garlicky veggie dish.


They have added a few menu items over the past few years, but I swear I will get around to trying them soon!


GO.. wait in line.. try everything =)
My boyfriend loves this place but I am not sure why. Aside from some of their plates being really cute and it not being very busy so you get the place almost to yourself, the food was just okay, the portions were terrible and their credit card machine "works sometimes and sometimes doesn't".

My friends and I came here last night for dinner and ordered 5 dishes:
' Veggies that I didn't eat.

' Jellyfish: my friends said there wasn't much taste but I thought it was okay. I liked how soft it was and not too chewy.

' Mayo Shrimp aka Honey Walnut Shrimp: this was okay except for the bottom being very watery. Depending on which piece you get, the shrimp batter tasted funny.

+ Chicken with Black Bean Sauce: I might just like the sauce for this but it was pretty good. When it first came out, I thought it was tofu. The chicken didn't really look like chicken.

- Soft Shell Crabs: they gave us possible 1 or 2 crab. I think it was more like 1 cut into bits with lots of batter around the rest of the plate. It looked like someone's leftovers. This was very disappointing. If you want to serve less, at least serve it on a smaller plate so it looks better.

The service was good; our water was constantly being refilled.

Now it is time to pay. Depending on how much you want to put on the card their machine may be "broken"; "works some times." Our bill came out to be about $66 before tip. All of us had cash except for 1 person. The lady was standing at our table, waiting while we still chatted and was taking money out.
At first, my friend was going to give them the cash and put the rest on the card; the lady was fine with that. But as soon as she said to put the whole things on the card instead, she said the machine is "broken". When my friend said she didn't have cash, the lady said (rough translation) 'how much cash do you have, I can put the rest on the card.'

So is the machine broken or not?
The great thing about this restaurant that it is all about their food. Forget about fancy decorations, or anything else. If you want excellent Chinese food in Philadelphia you need to stop here and nowhere else. 
My favorite dish is the "Salt-Baked Shrimp, Scallop and Squid." Other items I would recommend to try are "Sweet and Spicy Shrimp", "Bean Curd in Spicy Garlic Sauce" and their "Oysters with Black Bean Sauce". 
Overall the pricing is very reasonable. You can choose to eat at the restaurant or get take out. The take out service is very fast. On the rare occasion that your food is not ready when you arrive they will take it out to the car for you as long as you are park on the small side street close to them (N Hutchinson St). I would discourage people to order  "Spring Rolls" or "Egg Rolls" for take out as they tend to be somewhat burnt. They are closed on Mondays and on most nights open until one or two in the morning.
Having recently moved into the Chinatown area temporarily, I was looking for a solid Chinese restaurant suggestion.  Rebecca S. came to the rescue and suggested this spot.  I went with my mom for a Friday night dinner.  I started with wonton soup.  It was okay, nothing special.  My mom loved her hot and sour soup.  We shared an order of steamed dumplings.  They were fantastic, especially after I added some chili oil.  For my main dish I went with veggie moo shu since I had two pork dishes.  They added tofu for me.  It was really good.  I used to order it from my local Chinese take-out place and this was a million times better.  I'll definitely be back.
My experience of the food here has always been pretty good - I would say a solid three or four stars. However, even compared to the other nearby places in Chinatown, the hygiene is so bad that I cannot return. (I did return, many times, until finally I had had enough such experiences.) On one occasion friends of mine that had finished a meal there with me took home their leftovers in a paper bag, and on returning home, opened the bag to have three large cockroaches immediately escape from it into their apartment. On at least four other occasions, myself or my friends have suffered short-term stomach illness from the food here in the hours immediately after eating. So although the food is honestly very good, and I would often like to return, I can no longer find anyone to go with me to risk those statistics.
Wow. My family and I would travel 1.5 hours from Central PA just to come to Philadelphia's Chinatown and we often stopped by Shiao Lan Kung. We stopped coming after a while because the food seemed to be going downhill.

Eight years later, I convinced my parents to go to Shiao Lan Kung thanks to all of their great Yelp reviews. I'm so glad we did it!

We had the seafood with fish maw soup, salt baked shrimp, water spinach ("ong choy") with shrimp paste, and some sort of beef in a clay pot. Everything was delicious and authentic. I was especially in love with the water spinach, which is usually cooked with too much oil. Not here! For some magical reason, the water spinach and shrimp paste were perfectly melded together.

Kudos to the clean bathroom, patient and friendly staff, and most importantly, the stellar food. Shiao Lan Kung is now officially my favorite restaurant in Pennsylvania. Well done, my Chinese brethren!
oh where to begin....i love this place, it has served the best chinese food in philly ever since i can remember (have been going there for at least 15 years). service is always friendly (seriously), the food is always delicious and it is a great place to go with a group of people who really like chinese food (not the lemon chicken crowd). things that i have to order at least 300 times a year or else i die:

seafood beancurd soup (no mushrooms) add plenty of chili, a touch of soy or just a dab of vinegar and you're off!
pork with ginger and scallion
salt and pepper squid
soft shell crab
kan kung with shrimp paste
clams in black bean sauce
the massive seafood feast in a big ass bowl whose name i always forget...(any seafood here is delicious. no matter how odd it may sound, if you try it, you will like it)

i know i'm forgetting something i order, but it;s hiding behind other memories at the moment. and i know i don't like either their hot and sour soup or their wonton soup, but i can't remember which, but that is a small small small blemish on the joint. you won't be dissapointed there. trust.
During a trip to Philly, I walked around the rather nice little Chinatown in the city and found Shiao Lan Kung. The window was posted with some acknowledgements by local publications and it had a good family owned cafe vibe. 

The food was surprisingly good at moments...the Roast Pork Wonton soup actually smelled delicately of sesame oil that must have been sprinkled on top (a touch that recipes always recommend but a flavor that usually gets lost in restaurant preparations for some reason). The egg roll I had was over-fried (dark brown) but filled with good east coast style ingredients. I had a wonderful duck dish called Wor Siu Duck which comes with julienne snow peas, bamboo, and shitake mushrooms. 

I have heard rumors there are better places in the city but this is a great spot to start.

5 stars for the food and friendly atmosphere in general but minus one for the over cooked egg roll.

Enjoy!
After months of relying on Sang Kee and Wong Wong for our Chinese food fix, we finally ventured out and tried Shiao Lan Kung. Four random people recommended SLK as the best in Phily which intrigued me...

SLK is not a prominent C town fixture like SK and WW.  I'm sure many people (like me) pass by this gem every day figuring it's another questionable hole in the wall. I knew we were in for a treat when the place was crowded on a Tuesday night.

I wish I could give SLK 4.5 stars because the food is better than both SK and WW (cleaner than WW too). Their menu is the most diverse making it hard to choose what to eat! My faves of the night were the Chicken Pan Fried Noodles, Dry Sauteed String Beans, and Eggplant Hot Pot. In my opinion it's the sauces that make or break Chinese food and every dish we tried had a nicely balanced sauce (salty, sweet, and spicy).

Who knew? Chinese food in Philly that I think even my San Francisco friends and family would approve of. I can't wait to try more of what SLK has to offer!
One of the best restaurants in Chinatown. My go to for excellent Chinese food. The interior not much to look at, their credit card machine has been "broken" for months (cash only), but just about everything I have had is spot on.

The two dishes that stand out as my favorites:

If its your first visit, you must try the salted squid. The squid is lightly battered and deep fried to perfection. 

If you like Chinese eggplant, you have to get the eggplant and chicken with black bean sauce (instead of the garlic sauce). 

I have also had the following, which are pretty good, that I have ordered multiple times:

Mashed chicken and corn soup 
Seafood and chicken clay pot
Chicken, bamboo hot peppers
Snow peas
Water spinach with garlic sauce

If you're looking for Chow fun it is okay here, but I have had better elsewhere.

Outside of that, not much else to add. The food speaks for itself. Always worth the trip to Chinatown.
Goods and bads and I'll break down both. Keep in mind this is my first negative Yelp post yet. I try to keep it positive but felt the need to share my experience. 

We walk into the smallish venue and the host/waiter is sitting at a table and "points" us to our seats without getting up. Interesting. 

We order our food and then subsequently two other parties walk in and order. Their food comes and they leave before we even get our entree. We inquire to the manager and she quickly yells "it coming, it coming." Meanwhile, the one party that arrived 20 minutes after us has now opened their fortune cookies, paid, and left. The kicker is that they appeared to have ordered the same or similar dish (sesame chicken or general tsos - same dish, different sauce) as us. Perhaps they're ability to communicate in Chinese allowed for quicker/better service (?!?!) Again, interesting. 

Moving on. The sesame chicken finally came out. Sesame chicken often comes with broccoli, however my dish looked as if I ordered broccoli with a side of sesame chicken. It's chunks of dark meat chicken, not filet mignon. Pile it on! 

Sesame chicken:
Quantity: F
Quality: B+ (it was pretty good) 

My guest got the "Chinese delight" which was a mixture of chicken, scallops and shrimp with a spicy garlic sauce. 

Quantity: A
Quality: A-

The food was overall pretty good, which is the SOLE reason I even gave it two stars (there was no option for 1.5 stars) but the service was dismal. Any request we made seemed to be met with hostility and a sense that we were bothering the staff. Our party felt very unwelcome. Native speaking guests, however, were getting hugs and smiles upon entrance. 

For some, I would recommend it and believe the service would be great. For others, such as myself, I would not recommend this place to anyone. I will certainly be avoiding this restaurant and the awkward and uncomfortable experience that went along with it.
This place is ready for a review update after I got around to coming here again after quite a bit of time.  

Tonight, just before 7 PM on a Saturday, I was able to get a table for 4 relatively easily. This hasn't always been the case for me.  Either I came at a better time, or it's not as busy as it used to be here.  

Here's a rundown of the food that my party and I sampled...

Steamed dumplings... quite good.  Much better than what most places put out.  

Duck noodle soup... I went for this, and enjoyed it.  The pieces of duck aren't as flavorful as other places nearby though.  

Hot and sour soup... Two people at the table raved about it.  

Chicken fried rice... not too oily or greasy, just the right amount of flavor

Orange chicken... thankfully they don't kill it with breading like other places.  Good combo of tangy and spicy.  

General Tso's chicken,.. another one that they don't kill with breading.  Good amount of crisp.  

Dragon and Phoenix... the person that had this at the table raved about it as well. Looked very appetizing.  

You know, for some reason I remember this place being much more special in the past.  Tonight, it was just a very good meal.  But I'll admit I didn't get anything too adventurous tonight.  Still a very solid 4 stars and I will come back again if I can get a table.
I have eaten here for many years, I have recomended this place to many , many people. if the old man cooking in the picture in the front of the rest. given 3 stars by craig le ban ever ate the food they are serving now he would cry and turn in his grave shame on you. any chinese food in the city would blow yours away. no one is sader than me.
If you asked me about Shiao Lan Kung about 5 years ago....I would have hands down said this place was a 5 and was THE BEST Chinese Restaurant in Philly.......but since there has been a new owner and dishes have changed it's not the same restaurant that I have been eating at since I was 10 years old. 

First thing to order...get that hot and sour soup! This still tastes the same so they must have kept that secret recipe!! It's pretty sour and my family LOVES that and we still will go here to this day to get it. Salt baked combination is delicious as well! The portions for this have decreased dramatically, but the flavor still remains pretty much the same. We used to order the pachen tofu seafood hot pot from here, but again, they have cut back on a lot of the ingredients and the portions are very small as well compared to the old times. While the taste for most of the dishes that I have always gotten remain the same, the portion size has shrunk significantly. 

The biggest difference other than the food is the service. I no longer feel at home here since almost everyone has been replaced. Now whenever I go there, it just feels like they are trying to get rid of us as soon as we sit down so they can give the table to other patrons that are waiting in line. 



Pros:
- Delicious dishes!! Just wish that they were bigger portion sizes like old times!
- Service is really quick! Dishes will be at your table within minutes of you ordering!
- Authentic Chinese recipes......lots of people order lo mein, but try something that's REAL Chinese food people!



Cons:
- The staff their could be more friendly...I always feel so rushed there the moment I sit down!! I know that they want to turn tables over quickly, but I think they can hide their impatience better
- Wish this restaurant could expand!! I've been saying this for years, but I guess this gives Shiao Lan Kung its charm...plus it feels awesome when you grab a table!!
- Groups larger than 5, expect to be squeezed into a table!!! You'll get to know your friends a lot better since your elbows are basically touching



Why I gave it a 4.....
This once was my favorite restaurant, but with the new ownership, I dislike how they try to rush you through the meal the moment that you sit down. The taste is still pretty much the same if you know what to order (stay away from that lo mein...this isn't a Chinese take-out place!) but you don't get that bang for your buck like old times :( But I still love you Shiao Lan Kung!
I've been eating here since my college days... they have the absolute BEST salt baked squid... and since I know they're not open late night anymore it makes me sad for myself but good for them because they must've made so much $$ that they can afford not to be open super late since their food is bangin. I will still go though...  gotta get my fix.
Open til 1:30AM on a Sunday! +10000000 points.

My friend swore by their pan-fried noodles and I had been craving them all day, so we came here. The beef pan-fried noodles were AMAZING. I've had them at Mai Lai Wah and Ting Wong, but these were definitely the best I've had. My friend ordered the shrimp pan-fried noodles and he said they were good, but they overdid the sauce.

We also ordered the deep-fried tofu topped with shrimp. I wasn't that big a fan.
Although I think it's a cool neighborhood, I rarely stop in Chinatown for meals. On Saturday my good friend Callen and I were wondering around Philadelphia, and walked through Chinatown. The mid-autumn festival was in full swing, with street blocked off, traditional dances, and people everywhere. We figured now was as good of a time as any to grab dinner. I didn't have a single recommendation; I didn't even have an idea of what might be good. Luckily, we stumbled upon Shiao Lan Kung.

The front windows of this small eatery are almost completely obscured by reviews and awards. Philadelphia magazine, Craig LeBan, and Citysearch, among others, have been giving this spot props for over fifteen years. Despite the positive press, I was a bit skeptical. One inside, the interior has about as much atmosphere as a roadside diner.

Shiao only tries to impress with their food. We were quickly seated and offered hot tea. A quick look over the extensive menu and Callen and I were ready to order. We split orders of rice, hunan chicken, and the Phoenix and Dragon's nest. The pork fried rice was excellent; a great base for our other dishes. The Phoenix and Dragon dish was a mix of chicken and shrimp with snow peas, broccoli and carrots tossed in a light butter sauce. It was served in a hardened bowl of crunchy noodles (the nest) although they weren't really edible. The hunan chicken was the real hit of the meal. This dish was perfectly prepared and the hunan sauce was excellent.

Between the two of us, we couldn't finish our food. This is surprising, especially considering the bill was $20 each, after tip and tax. And, the food tasted great reheated. At the end of the meal, we were full and satisfied, but didn't feel gross. This is a hard feeling to find after a Chinese meal.

Bottom Line: Shiao Lan in a small operation, a bit shabby and quant, with friendly faces serving up delicious food. Callen and I really enjoyed ourselves, and want to make this a regular stop when he has the chance to visit Philadelphia. Most impressively, Craig LeBan gave it three bells. But I wanted to give my spin first. If you're not a vegetarian and you are looking for great Chinese food, Shiao Lan Kung is definitely worth a try. We didn't BYOB, but you can, making this small place even more versatile, and a great cheap and delicious option.
I got the chicken with salted fish fried rice and snow pea leaves with garlic, and both were delicious! 

Totally worth sitting silently and alone in a mostly empty restaurant on a weeknight, would definitely do it again. The amount of food could have been easily split with another person, but that is assuming I have friends to eat with in Philly. I ate all the snow pea leaves (my favorite veggie - if you have never tried them before, definitely order a plate!) and about half of the fried rice (saved the rest for later).
I've been here a couple of times, most recently with my girlfriend last night for dinner. She's a huge fan of the place - says it's the best Chinese food in Philly Chinatown, and having been there a couple of times I'm inclined to agree it's definitely one of the best. It's not the biggest restaurant in town, so you may have to share one of the bigger tables with other people or wait for a spot to open up if it's crowded. Luckily, I've gotten a seat right away, and the waiters are very good at bringing out the food promptly as it's ready and making sure you have tea and water handy. I'm a fan of that, because a good number of Chinese restaurants I go don't bother with the water unless requested.

The sauteed clams in black bean sauce are very, very delicious. The sauce adds a very nice marinade to the clams, and it works well to eat them with rice. Last night, for some reason, they didn't do it in black bean sauce and instead altered the dish, unrequested, by adding very ground-up pork. It was okay, but the sauce really brings out the flavor in the clams. The other problem was that some of the shells chipped, and I ended up getting chunks of the shell in with the pork. The fish maw soup is also really good; it's a light way to start off a meal without filling you up. The dumplings are decent, if not memorable, but their lobster is extremely delicious. It's the first time, surprisingly enough, that I've gotten lobster to eat as a standalone entree, and was it good. It was very fresh and succulent, and my only complaint is that we didn't get a bigger lobster!

All in all, this is a nice little spot to grab a meal, and as noted the service is pretty good compared to other Chinese restaurants I've been to in the past. The clams are a must-try, and they seem to do seafood in general quite well.
Stop by for a low-key dinner. Prepare to bump elbows with other patrons if you stop by here during prime meal hours and don't be shocked by the *quaint feel of the restaurant. Bring a bottle of wine or other booze of choice and order the Chicken Corn/Egg Soup, Salt Baked Seafood, Sizzling Beef Pepper Steak and Veggie of the day (usually they're similar to spinach) fried with Garlic. Sharing is caring so eat family style. They'll give you a big bowl of white rice and some water glasses for your wine. They're classy, what can I say? Food service is a bit slow and feels even slower if you're hungry. Other than that the service is good and the check will make your wallet as happy as your tummy.
*And by quaint, I mean dirty.
Third re-review. Was here about 3 days ago...Ordered the following items with several others: General Tso's Chicken, Singapore Rice Noodles with Shrimp and Pork, Salt-Baked Shrimp, Wonton Soup, and Steamed Dumplings.

Earlier notes apply for the salt-baked shrimp and steamed dumplings (i.e., steamed dumplings are really good; salt-baked shrimp are good, but are on the small side and were a bit spicy this time).

General Tso's Chicken was only OK; bit grisly texture-wise and feels like an afterthought on the menu.

Wonton Soup (not Hong Kong wonton): Is a small size, but taste is quite good; wonton has pork inside and is wonton soup as you would expect it. Broth is quite refreshing but a bit salty.

Singapore Rice Noodle: Overall has a very nice texture and taste; could use a bit more yellow curry and perhaps more pork/less shrimp. Probably the star of the meal for me though and can easily recommend.
things i love about shiao lan kung

-lobster with ginger and scallion
-very friendly service
-very reasonable prices
-the food is consistently delicious
-it's in philly
When it comes to Chinese takeout, Shiao Lan Kung is by far the best in all of Chinatown. I've been coming here for years after late nights out in the city and SLK has never disappointed. 

Beef Chow Fun, Salt Baked Squid, Fried Chicken Wings, Chicken Corn Chowder, Eggplant Garlic, Bok choy in garlic sauce, honey walnut shrimp, and beef in black bean sauce is our typical go to dishes. If you're up for it, the jellyfish and the fish in chili oil is also superb!

However, the best dish of all is the fried dumpling with soy sauce. My god, I have never tasted dumplings this good with the sweet tangy-iness of the soy sauce makes it 100000% better. If you aren't a fan of any of the above, try the dumplings because you won't be disappointed!
When we first walked into Shiao Lan Kung, we were greeted by a friendly hostess. However, I began to have my doubts when I noticed a straw wrapper and dirt all over the carpet. But, seeing as Dim Sum Garden was swamped with a five mile line, there weren't many other options.

Our waiter brought our appetiziers quickly, but the quality was questionable. The chicken fried rice was greasy and had a smoky flavor like it had been stuck to the fryer. Our pork dumplings had a chewy consistency made worse by the rice inside; I bit down on gristle a few times (yuck!). 

The sweet and sour chicken was by far the worst - it was appallingly chewy and tasted like a fried rubber sneaker dumped in thick red sauce. We told the waiter, who took it off our bill. The owner stormed over and barked, 'are you ready to pay?' We handed her our debit card, and she shoved it back and said '20 dollar minimum!' I guess they're too thrifty to pay a processing fee for an 18 dollar bill? She begrudgingly accepted the card when we explained we weren't anticipating to pay in cash...awkward. 

Please, avoid this restaurant. It's ridiculous.
We were in town for a convention and found this place through the good Yelp reviews.  The waitress was nice and could speak both Cantonese and Mandarin.  We ordered the lobster special for $15 and it was totally delicious!  We also had the snow pea sprouts and salt baked tofu and were happy to have some authentic Chinese food!  (We're from San Francisco and Oakland, CA, so we know our Chinese food!)
Situated on Race street away from the main street of Chinatown (which is 10th street), this place appears nondescript amongst it's neighbors but the quality of its food, and that alone, distinguish it. I too would not have tread upon its threshold had Pho Xiet Luan been open on Wednesdays. But here we were and I'm glad to have eaten here.

This place has all the marks of an authentic Chinese restaurant- no frills, very modest table service, meaning no one is going to actively ask how your meal is but if you just look up and look around, a waitress is by your side in a flash. We got the seafood and bean curd hot pot, the chicken and eggplant hotpot, and a third dish whose name I can't remember (fail, I know). All the dishes were piping hot and flavorful. The portion sizes are moderate, so you'll definitely fill up but without having leftovers to bring home. Between the three of us, we paid $13 each. They do accept credit card but prefer cash. I'll definitely be back to try their other dishes. I do wish they opened earlier bc they don't open until 3 pm, but they stay open until 2 AM so that's probably the reason.
This has got to be the WORST restaurant I've ever been to!

I can sum up this joint in three phrases:
1) Gross & filthy atmosphere
2) Tastless, greasy, UNHEALTHY food
3) Rude, obnoxious staff

The table clothes were full of stains. They didn't clean them. My buddy got his pants dirty because of spilt soup on his chair. (So watch where you sit if you risk going to this place!). The waiter was ridiculously rude and unfriendly. 

The food was horrible. I've never had worse Kung Pao chicken in my life! The soup was cold and felt like it contained 80% water.

A Disgusting, NASTY place! Stay away folks!
Best Chinese food so far in Chinatown.  Good hot and sour soup, good dumplings.  The lemon chicken was not exciting but still well-prepared.  The show pea leaves were delicious, with lots of garlic.

On our recent visit we tried some new things, things we'd never eaten at other places.  There was a salty squid dish that everyone loved.  I wish I knew what the other dishes were, but trust me when I say that nothing I've ordered has been bad here.

They also serve on dishes created as a local art project.  Worth checking out.
You would be hard pressed to find General Tso's chicken on this menu... definitely not a place for a romantic date, but if you're hungry and feel like chowing down some delicious food, this is the place in Chinatown. Somehow my meals here always pass by in a blur... a combination of the BYO beer/wine and the hot dishes that come out minutes after you order. Things to try: 

Salt and pepper baked seafood (scallops, squid, shrimp)
Pa Chien tofu pot (the previously mentioned "seafood feast in a big ass bowl" 
Satay tofu hot pot 
Sizzling beef platter 
Sauteed bean shoots 

I think they take reservations but I'm not sure how well they honor them...
This place gets 4 stars but it's really more of a 3.5.  The food is solid, probably a slight step above the other local spots like Wong Wong or David's Mai Lai Wah.  Not quite as good as Lee How Fook, though.  

Per Yelper recommendation, I tried the salt baked shrimp, chicken with hot pepper, and a Mei Fun-type of dish with pork.  Also tried the dumplings.  Nothing really stood out as "amazing."  Most of the food was still pretty greasy and seemed to use similar ingredients as the other places, with a slightly more deft hand in the kitchen.  

BYO+cheap+pretty good eats = worth a look.
This is, by far, my favorite place in all of Chinatown.  The inside may seem a little depressing because it's so stark, but the food makes up for it.  The food is more authentic and less Americanized than most restaurants and super delicious.

I go here at least once a month, and, no matter what, I always order the fried dumplings.  The dumpling dough is  thin and fried  perfectly crisp and they are served  in a yummy ginger soy sauce.  The sauces are never gluey and the spicey never really gets too spicey  (which might be a downside for some).  

The menu is fairly extensive.  I'm not adventurous enough to try the more exciting dishes, although another table's jellyfish looked tempting...  All of the dishes are priced cheap to reasonable.

The servers are always incredibly attentive and are willing to answer any questions you might have.  I've never had bad service either dining in or getting take out. 

They are also open late, a lot of nights, which is convenient if you're hungry after a show at the troc! One of it's only problems is that it's a smaller restaurant, so make sure you put your name in early so you know you have a table.  I love this place, and i recommend it to everyone.
Ever since our neighborhood Chinese restaurant closed, we've been on the prowl for a new go-to restaurant. This weekend we tried out Shiao Lan Kung. How did we pick it, you ask? Well, because they're one of the few Chinese restaurants that actually have their menu online (http://philadelphia.menupages.com/restaurants/shiao-lan-kung/).

Here's everything we tried:
- Steamed dumplings ($5.50)
- Egg rolls ($1.40)
- Spicy shredded pork with red pepper ($8.00)
- Dragon And Phoenix Nest ($14.50)
- White rice (yes, you have to order it separately - $1.00)

I was really surprised by the dumplings and have to say that they're some of the best dumplings I've ever ordered at a Chinese restaurant. They were big, covered in scallions, and not at all like the wontons you get in soup. I've been to lots of places where their dumplings are just straight-up wontons from their soup, and it annoys me to no end. I really liked the ones we got here, and for $5.50 for EIGHT of them, you really can't go wrong.

The egg rolls were also really good. They were filled with tiny shrimps and pork, and by the time I was done with the dumplings and the egg rolls, I was full! I continued to eat, though, for the sake of this review.

The spicy shredded pork with red pepper was a big surprise for me. My husband was the one who ordered it, and I wasn't too excited because I thought it sounded plain, but it was mighty tasty. It ended up being my favorite part about the meal.

As for the dragon and phoenix nest, which is described as this: jumbo shrimp and white meat chicken sauteed with broccoli, asparagus and snow peas in a hot & spicy sauce blended with garlic and pepper................I was let down. Everything that was in the dish tasted like it was boiled and then covered in sauce. And the sauce, might I add, wasn't spicy at all - and that's the primary reason I got it.

The next day, though, I combined all of the leftover entrees, reheated them, added a little chili oil, and it was one of the most delicious things I've ever tasted.

I'd certainly go back to this place, but I think our search will still continue.
Fun and tasty!  We made a reservation for 7 and were seated at the smaller of the two large tables, but they offered to let us move to the biggest large table as it was not occupied-- awesome! It was a good thing too, because three more friends wandered in to join us for tea and wine only.  SLK didn't care about the fluctuating size of our group and were incredibly accommodating.

Food was delicious.  Best dishes were ma po tofu (husband dubbed it, "tofu that will change your life"), lychee duck, clams in black bean sauce, singapore rice noodles, and the salt-baked "triple" (squid, shrimp, scallops).  Even those professing a lack of interest in squid and scallops loved the salt-baked incarnations.  Good but not as amazing were dragon and phonenix nest, eggplant in spicy garlic sauce (should have gone for the hot pot, I suppose?), and chinese broccoli in oyster sauce.  We hung out for quite a while over our glasses of wine after we were done stuffing our faces-- no pressure on us to skedaddle. Very inexpensive for such a fantastic and laid-back meal!
Once again I am reviewing a Chinatown establishment based on their mapo tofu. I decided to try this establishment since they are one of the few places open late that serve mapo (the other ones I have tried were not good). Their tofu was decently soft and the dish loaded with meat, however the sauce did not hit the spot: sweet and I had to add chili oil. Even though the sauce was not what I desired it wasn't terrible. Overall I would eat the dish again if absolutely needed some form of mapo tofu. 

We also got the seaweed salad which you can't really mess up. 

Price point was great and the convenience of it being open late gains it some stars for me.
One of my favorite restaurants in Chinatown!  My family has been coming here since I was 5, and we have never been disappointed.  This is still our go-to place whenever we have family or friends visiting.  I would definitely recommend the fish maw soup, sizzling stuffed tofu, eggplant and pepper, stir-fried shredded beef with peppers, seafood casserole/hot pot, fresh oysters (their specialty), salt-baked seafood, and clams in black bean sauce.  They are known for their cantonese dishes, and there's a reason for the Zagat awards and reviews.  The portions are very good, and the service is awesome; they will tell you what the freshest items, as far as seafood is concerned, of the day are and will go out and get you a fish from the seafood market if you want a kind that they don't have in their kitchen tank.  My family always orders way more food than can be consumed in even 2 sittings just so we can live off of the leftovers (which are still good!) for the week.  You have to stop by here if you're in Chinatown.  Just don't get Americanized dishes because you're coming here for authentic cantonese food!
I've been here a couple times, and it's all right.

The salt-baked seafood was very good -- taste & texture are great.

Cold sesame noodles didn't have much flavour.

Other stuff was just okay.  Maybe I haven't tried enough of the right dishes.
I was born in Taiwan, so I have been to a lot of Chinese restaurants in my life.  (When my parents eat out, they either do Chinese food or American fast food...weird.)  Shiao Lan Kung is spectacular--probably one of my top 5 restaurants of all time.  Sure, the decor sucks.  You might have to wait a while for a table if you go during the weekend dinner rush.  But the food is worth it.  The menu descriptions can be a little vague, but even the most boring sounding menu items have turned out to be at least good, if not excellent.  The salt-baked squid is a must have.  The prices are a great value for the large portions, especially the hot pots.  I love this place.
If you find yourself in Chinatown after a short or long night of drinking, do yourself a favor and get the house special congee.  Its probably the most underrated dish in this place, so don't be fooled by its simplicity.  What's so special about rice porridge you say?  Perfectly seasoned and hearty bits of seafood mixed in with tender grains of rice...  On the other hand, I may have been so far over the legal limit that I might be completely wrong as to how fantastic it tasted.  Either way, this place does great food in appropriate portions and at reasonable prices.

To the hostess/waitress of Shiao Lan Kung:  Thank you for taping my c-note back together while face down in my new favorite dish...
Everyone has a favorite Chinatown place--thanks to some friends, this is mine.  It has a good overall menu with some great favs (I'm a fan of the egg drop soup.)  A lot of people have mentioned salt baked squid/shrimp--also try the salt baked tofu.  My veg friend introduced me to it and I always get it, even if I am a meat eater.  Also good is the veg pan fried noodle.  Good and cheap!
I think that they have changed owners because somehow the food didn't taste the same and the portions are smaller.  The triple delight was okay, but the yellow chive frog legs were a bit bland.  I didn't see any of the old, familiar workers, but maybe, hopefully, it was just their day off.
My sister took me here before I went to Flushing to spend a week in their chinese cuisine. Even though I tasted all the dim sum, stir-fries, and bakeries that new york's chinese food had to offer, I still remember the amazing salted squid and string beans at Shiao Lan Kung I tried to savor, but couldn't help stuffing into myself because I was afraid I would never eat something so good again. Crunchy, chewy, lightweight squid! Crunchy, crisp grain bains!
Recommendation from a Korean friend, it's very cozy and it actually surprised me with its menu, it holds so many items taking me a while to read.
When I walked in there I thought it's just like another Americanized Chinese place,but they have fried crab claws that I haven't had for ages.
Me and my friend both agreed it's without artificial favors unlike the others.
However I could taste a hint of baking soda in the beef but not all of the dishes. I was pleased with the pot though! The food were still steaming hot while they took it out, what a treat for the cold weather!
Will come back for the other part of the menu!
I came here with my parents on a Friday night, and it's a pretty great place overall. We were seated pretty quickly, and they have seating available for large parties of 10+. 

The food is pretty good. Some dishes were a little too salty, like the meicai kourou. However, the yuxiang tofu (a fried tofu with fish sauce) was AMAZING. One of their best, lesser known dishes for sure. We also got a jellyfish, snowpea shrimp, beef stew, and a simple soup to share. All of the dishes were pretty tasty, and I definitely recommend trying dishes you may not have had before here, as the chef is pretty good. 

Rice is extra, which is a pain. All in all, the food was a bit more expensive than most other places, and I was a bit surprised at their higher prices considering its small location. Definitely a nice hole in the wall restaurant though for a tasty meal!
Came out to dinner here over the weekend for a birthday celebration with some friends and it was the most fun I've had all year! We got there around 8:30 for the late dinner crowd and started off dinner with the place to ourselves. 

There were a lot of us out, and we were being very loud playing table games while eating and drinking, and the staff was fantastic! There were cheering us on, and in full support of our Drunkin Fun! 

Will definitely come back out here next time someone's hungry for Spicy shrimp and a good time.
Absolute best salt baked squid in Chinatown. This place is small, but it's okay because well, you suck. I win. The end.
My favorite restaurant in Chinatown, maybe because I grew up coming here. 

Some of my fav dishes: jellyfish, salt pepper shrimp, seafood birds nest, fried chicken, sizzling beef 

Also the oysters are a MUST try. They are ginormous and perfectly cooked with soy sauce, ginger and scallion. Very affordable.
Best Restaurant in China Town, location is small but very warming, awesome staff, excellent cook, if you love oysters, their the best here and the fish maw soup is delicious, this is the only restaurant in Chinatown I'll always visit, you will never be disappointed in their food... It's a must if your ever in Philly china town!!
I won't go back, and suggest you not go there at all. The hot and sour soup was good, but the shrimp-chicken-scallop dish featured tough, dry scallops, chewy chicken and only a couple of shrimp.  AND, they charged $1 for a small bowl of rice; none was included with the entrée. The service was not at all gracious, like they were doing me a big favor allowing me to be their customer.  THEN: there's a sign inside ( nothing at the door) saying cash only because their credit card machine is broken. My bill was $18 with tax. I presented my credit card, and they said minimum $20 on cards. (Apparently the machine was only out of order at their discretion). When I suggested the card company would not approve of their policy, they processed the charge.   There are plenty of other choices in Philadelphia's Chinatown.
Wonderful hole in the wall Philadelphia Chinatown institution.I have been going to this place for many years with my friends Food is great and consistent.   Really a great place to go with a group and bring a lot of beer and wine.
Staff super friendly.  
Must try the salt baked shrimp ( or Squid).  Unlike any dish i have ever had.
While I was visiting Philadelphia for a conference, a local friend highly suggested this place and brought us here. Now, I'm from North Carolina & we don't have many restaurants that serve authentic Chinese food. Having said that, we have ONE that I've been to and thought it was sooo good. How naive was I?! 

Don't expect any sense of order or cleanliness. It is a very small and probably family-owned restaurant. Oh! And don't be afraid to ask for recommendations since the food titles are not very descriptive. I did, and I loved what our server/owner recommended for me. 

Shiao Lan Kung is not only authentic, but it's DELICIOUS. It was sooooooo good that even when my stomach was full and hurting, I was a happy, full lady. I wish there was one here in NC.  /:
Five star food two star atmosphere.
Here, you go to eat authentic cantonese food. You chow down and your gone. Absolutely no atmosphere and no reason to linger. The waitstaff are very friendly and a they're a bunch of characters...but the food is great. The  standouts were the lowly lo mein.
Super fresh noodles in a very clean sauté.
We loved the Szechuan shrimp although not really cantonese. The shrimps were crunchy delicious. The classic wor shu duck was 
a crispy masterpiece. The garlicky Snow pea greens were spot on. Loved  this place !!
So go to eat and run at this first rate cheap eats.
Late night muchies after a drinking outing in center city lead us to Chinatown, where the wok never stops.

I was really happy with the service at Shiao Lan Kung at 2 in the morning, as well as the pace at which the food was brought out and the overall cleanliness of the place.

Food was pretty good- No complaints about the quality, quantity, or the prices. I wish I could remember more, but I think my brain was too tired. All in all, a good experience and only $60 for 5 people with lots of leftovers.

I would return in a less intoxicated state to try more things!
This is a smallish Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. Food is decent. I think their claim to fame is they are open very late (as in past midnight), so many people go there because it's the only place open at that time of night. It's a BYOB and cash-only. Allegedly their credit card machine is "temporarily broken", but the sign with the notification looked too old to be temporary. There's better places in Chinatown, but if this is the only place open, it will do the trick to satisfy your late night food cravings.
I dine at this restaurant often, main reason is good food and on top of that small and quiet place to dine with my GF.  My GF and I always get the seafood hot pot and salt baked seafood and 1 or 2 other side dish which varies.  Well i gone there last night after a few weeks break from them.  Our favorite seafood hot pot wasn't the same anymore.. Many main ingredients were missing.  One in particular that i like in there was a crunch long orange "snail".  It give textures to the dish because those pieces are crunchy where everything else in the dish are soft. 

Tough economy calls for Tough down grade in ingredients.
This is the best chinese restaurant I have ever been to. It blows away its counterparts in chinatown, and I would take a meal there over any gourmet asian fusion restaraunt as well.

It is absolutely impossible to go to shaio and spent over $25 with tip, and honestly the food is worth $50.

Here are the best things IMO:

Start off with the Hot and sour soup, it is some of the best around.

Appetizers: cold sesame noodles and fried meat dumplings. The noodles are a good, light refreshing app, and the dumplings are byu far the best ive ever had, and could be the number one dish on the whole menu.

Entrees: The best is dry chicken and black bean sauce off the bone (you nave to order it exactly like that) it is heavenly.

Salt baked seafood (squid, shrimp and scallops) like many others have said, this is a phenomenal dish.

Other standouts are the lychee duck, the peking duck (huge and amazing, the razor clams dish and the szechaun shrimp!
I am 100% Chinese and lived in Hong Kong from the age of 3.

This is legit Canto-style food. Do not miss out on the water spinach, and be sure to bring a few beers to enjoy along with your food because it's BYOB.

Huge portions for a good price - just like the rest of Chinatown. If you're in the mood for authentic Cantonese-Chinese food, this is the place to go to.
Had a really large party come in on a Friday night, and they were very accommodating. Food and service are really great, and between 9 people we paid about $10 each for a feast.

Recommended:
Salt baked squid, lychee duck
things to get here - fried dumplings (better than steamed!), any beef dish (so tender!), and any casseroles/hotpot dish. staff is very friendly and always prepared to serve you. most if not all of them speak english which is a plus if there are any communication issues that can more easily arise at other chinatown restaurants. they accept both cash and credit card (not sure if there is a minimum). small restaurant space but it has many tables for 2-4 and 2 big tables for a group of ~8 so accommodating to both small and large groups of people.  great for dinner or late night!
Oh god, delicious. I had my first beer dinner here (they're BYOB), and the authentic atmosphere and delicious food deffinately made that one of the best meals i've ever had. Their sweet and sour chicken is the best because the flavoring has more a spicy kick rather than sour. The portions are perfect (one dish is ideal for two), the chicken and eggplant (i believe that was it, correct me if it was a different vegetable) was delicious too. The staff is very kind and make a tremendous effort to cater to anyones needs. I need to go back and try a beef dish ASAP.
We pretty much haven't tried any Chinatown restaurants because we don't know where to go! But when a group of friends wanted to get dinner together at the last minute (inexpensive, at a BYO, and at a central meeting point), I thought Chinatown would be best and turned to Yelp for guidance.

I pretty much randomly picked Shiao Lan Kung from the list that appeared, and we met up at 7pm to take over one of their large round tables. The menu is large, but somehow we managed to agree to share dishes and the seemingly endless ordering began. 

I can't even remember exactly what we ordered, so here's my best shot: one roast pork wonton soup, one duck noodle soup, spring rolls (one vegetarian, one regular), chicken with mixed vegetables (spicy), deep fried pork intestine, black bean sauce (maybe?) squid, baby bok choy with garlic, general tso's bean curd (not spicy), some beef dish, a hot pot with frog, and something else...seriously, there was a ton of food for 6 people, and yet we managed to plow our way through it. 

I couldn't try everything (a shrimp allergy makes me extremely cautious with any Asian cuisine), but considering how little remained at the end of the meal, and how we couldn't stop talking about how good everything was, I would say that Shiao Lan Kung is a definite repeat for delicious Chinese food. The staff was quite nice, and brought out our food quickly while constantly refilling water. And when we got the check, we were all pretty amazed at how reasonable it was after SO MUCH FOOD! Yum!
Really tasty Chinese food.  My sister and I like to stop by china town for some food after she picks me up from the airport.  The past couple of times we have gone to mai lai wah and it's just been kinda average so I wanted to try someplace new.
I'm glad we did!  We had a very delicious satisfying meal at Shiao lan Kung and will be going here from now on.  
We started with the hot and sour and hong kong style wonton soups.  The hot and sour was really good (I order it whenever I see it on the menu) with a lot of spice and perfect amount of sour.  The wonton soup was huge!  and the wontons tasted fresh and yummy.  I had the leftover soup for breakfast the next morning.  
For the main course I we had szechuan shrimp and maopo tofu.  Both were amazing.  The serving sizes were more than plenty for the two of us.  The only thing i was disappointed in was the egg roll.  It came out darker than it should have been like it was left in the fryer too long and didn't have much flavor.  Can't wait to go back the next time I'm in Philly!
Came here with coworkers on a early Tuesday evening, and this place was super empty and quiet. As the night goes, it got more filled and mainly non-Chinese diners. Usually you know a Chinese restaurant is good if it's filled with Chinese people, but this is not the case for Shiao Lan Kung. Even though there were rarely any Asian eating there that night, he food here is pretty good.

I had:

Salted Baked Trio, which consisted of lightly battered squid, scallop and shrimps. I really the light batter, just wish there was a little more seasoning. 

Dragon & Phoenix's Nest: I really like this dish because you get both veggies and seafood.

Homemade Style Rice Noodle: Super flavorful and interesting since they use fermented veggies in this dish. It's also filled with that "wok" flavor. 

Spinach with Garlic: Quite oily and bland, but garlicky at the same time. 

Pa-Chien Tofu In Hot Pot: Taste typical and flavorful. I just wish the tofu is deep fried a little more.

All in all, a decently clean, small but spacious Chinese restaurant to eat at with pretty good service and food.
Every dish we got was delicious!
We got the chinese broccoli with oyster sauce and the greens were cooked perfectly - crunchy, not soggy and the sauce was delicious. The salt baked shrimp and squid is so delicious, I love the jalapenos in there. We also got vegetable fried rice, delicious with water chestnuts, baby corn and bamboo. We got a hot pot with tofu and mixed vegetables and it was delicious. There was nothing we didn't like. We liked it so much, we went back the next day for dinner again. Everyone is so nice there too.
Ughhhh...used to love this place..losing its touch. Im gonna give it one more try at some point, but our love affair is on thin ice..everything lately is either waaay too salty, or literally tastes like nothing. Shame, i love family run joints.
You simply can't go wrong at The Kung. Drunk or not and stuck in philly? It's the place to be! Great service and amazing food, best restaurant in the city
I recommend the fried and steamed dumplings as well as the beef chow fun
Yum, yum, yum in my tum, tum, tum. Jumped off the plane and came straight to Chinatown! We were not disappointed! The service was great even though we walked in just before 1 am. Lucky for us, there was a large group in the restaurant eating after a concert. We had an order of shrimp egg rolls (huge), giant fried pot stickers drowning in sauce and two entree specials. Dragons nest and lucky family. Both full of chicken, seafood and veggies. The restaurant is small, I'm sure it gets packed at dinner time. A number of people walked in to get to-go food while we were eating and the phone was still ringing. There's not really any decor but I felt the food made up for it. Overall- great experience.
We tried this restaurant 3 times and so far it was excellent . My daughter got half of a peking duck and it was great . The dumplings were good too . When we came home my daughter wanted the whole Peking duck
and today we are getting delivery and she is getting the whole . Over all Shiao Lang Kung was great . You are going in for a real treat ! We recommend the steamed dumplings , the whole duck , the chicken with veggies , and more .
I've eaten here countless times and can't believe I'm just getting to writing a review. The food is solid, better than most traditional canto places I've been to, and they even have lazy susans! I recommend the dumplings (they're huge and fried and super savory), salt baked squid, and pan fried noodles. Prices are cheap and portions are sizeable! It's become our go-to spot in Chinatown and I don't see that changing any time soon!
Overall, the food is solid and served very quickly (less than 10 minutes), although the portions are still on the small side.  Our stir-fried Chinese sausage with shitake, shoots, snow peas, carrots, dried radishes, and mushrooms was pretty authentic, but they did use canned mushrooms rather than fresh ones.  The sausage was cooked perfectly, with just the right amount of heat.  We also had the fried bean curd toast with shrimp, which was light and crispy, and not at all heavy.  The curry shrimp was solid, as well, with a flavorful gravy.  Service was very good, and the small, quiet setting was cozy and great for a family dinner.
food is not very fresh and the service is kind of bad
I live on the edge of Chinatown and, while I haven't tried every spot, this is my go-to for food. The prices are completely reasonable and relatively inexpensive. The service is great, quick, efficient and the staff friendly.

The food is very good. It's delicious, but not overly greasy, as most other places are wont to do. Portions are large - if you're not terribly hungry you could probably get by with splitting an entree. The only reason it gets 4/5 is that rice costs extra.

Overall, this is probably the best food in Chinatown at perfectly reasonable prices. I'd recommend the Beef in hot bean sauce and Green beans in garlic sauce.
After reading all of the great reviews, I went with the salt baked combination. For anyone that hasn't had anything salt baked, it's all basically breaded and fried seafood. It was gross. The squid was so rubbery, after 2 minutes of chewing I gave up. It was as tough as a tire. The shrimp were okay but the scallops weren't good. Our service was spotty at best as well. Will not be returning.
Tastiest Chinese food in Phiily. Delicious fried dumplings, hot & sour soup, salted seafood dishes and lots more. I've been coming here for years. Always worth a stop. And when not overwhelmingly busy the owners and servers are warm and friendly.
without question my favorite chinese place in philadelphia. as everyone else mentioned the salt baked triple delight is phenomenal. I always end up getting the same exact thing everytime, pan fried dumplings, salt baked triple delight, sizziling beef with bone in, and razorneck clams. always a pleasure.
I wanted to try something very Chinese and something very American, so that I had an overall sense of the food. (For those of you who think I'm an authenticity whore, nothing is further from the truth. Authenticity is a big lie we like to tell ourselves. I loves me some good American Chinese schlock, or any other mongrel/fusion food for that matter, when it's done well.) So I had the steamed sea bass in hot bean sauce and beef with snow peas.

The fish was perfectly cooked, tender and flaky (the MP was $22). The sauce was watery (I would imagine you'd want to start with a very concentrated sauce since steaming will introduce a lot of water) though some might like it that way, since it mixes easily and not too heavily with rice. I did have a couple scales in my mouth, but I am not as horrified of this as Ming Tsai on Top Chef. In fact, I'm not disturbed at all by it.

The beef with snow peas was passable. The thick brown sauce looked like yesterday's gravy. Both the beef and snow peas were well cooked. However, the peas did not have the lovely snap crunch I love in snow peas. They had that right-cooking-time green but were a bit tough. They didn't seem previously frozen, but perhaps they were a bit old.

The rice was quite sad. There must be a category of chinese-restaurant rice that they don't sell at the supermarket because no one would buy it.

They obviously were using chinese-restaurant tea (those big 10 pound bags of dirty looking flaky leaves that are kinda oolong and kinda puerh). This reminds me of old man (as in my father, who will drink plain hot water, etc.) and smells a bit like wet leaves in autumn that are just starting to spore. Julia Child would call it dishwater. I'd suggest it is better for washing your hands (with lemon) after eating a good roasted crab. Cheap jasmine or oolong tea is preferable.
Great late night option.  Decided to do late night run in Chinatown and we stopped here. 

I had the Singapore Noodles which were very good.  My fiance had Big Shrimp soup which warmed her up.  She really enjoyed it. 

Service was meh but I wasn't expecting hugs so no surprise there.  

Definitely will go back.
This place hasn't changed in over ten years. Opens late in the afternoon. Closes well into the early morning. The tables are still just as wobbly and the seats are still comfortable. 

Food is as always delicious. Beef chow fun and salty baked squid are must gets. But I could have sworn the portions have gotten a bit smaller since a few years ago. I mean... it's now better portion controlled. :-) wouldn't go anywhere else because it's so good!
Had to bump this down to a three star rating. Here's why:

It gets SUPER crowded now late at night. I guess the word got around that this is the new late night spot for food, but my friends and I got to Shiao Lan Kung, and waited fifteen minutes at the door, when clearly there were tables open for us to sit at. Strike one.

When we finally got seated, it took another twenty minutes for the waiter to take our order. We said we were waiting on two other people and they were late, but I figured the waiter or someone would've came over and asked us if we wanted to order first. Common sense much?

The food wasn't that great this time around as well. The pan fried dumplings weren't as crispy or hot. They also upped the price to $6 for 8 dumplings. The salt and pepper squid seemed to rubbery and WAY too salty. The sweet and sour BBQ pork just did not satisfy my needs for that night.

Side note, there's a sign that says their credit card machine isn't working, but they'll swipe your debit/credit card if you pay more than $20. 

Overall, Shiao Lan Kung is a better spot to eat at late at night compared to Rising Tide, but it's not the best spot anymore.
I want to start off by saying I'm 23, from the area and have been coming to this restaurant for over 15 years. I have very fond childhood memories of this place, the coziness of it and all of the amazing food that it USED to serve. The original owners sold it a few years back and since then I've continued to come but I've noticed that the quality of food has gone down dramatically. 

My dad, brother and I went in for dinner tonight and we ordered quite a bit for the three of us. 2 Spring Rolls, Pan Fried Dumplings, Salt Baked Soft Shell Crab, Clams with Black Bean Sauce, Honey Walnut Shrimp, & Snow Pea Leaves with Garlic. 

My dad received his spring roll warm on the outside and completely frozen on the inside (literally with ice inside). He politely showed the waiter the issue and asked for another. Waiter says okay, 10 minutes and he receives another that was TOTALLY FROZEN. I understand that stuff happens and you can't be perfect but 2 frozen spring rolls back to back? Entirely unacceptable.
On top of this issue, the Salt Baked Soft Shell Crab was a half order at best and it didn't even cover the plate it was served to us on. If either of these issues weren't bad enough in a single sitting, the Honey Walnut Shrimp ($18) had 10 shrimp with maybe 4-5 walnuts and was completely drenched in mayonnaise. It was absolutely disgusting.

As a person who's been coming here for 15 years with their friends and family, I had a lot of love for the place. Tonight was a MASSIVE failure with no apology or even a real acknowledgement of the issues. The waiter just swept it under the rug and kept it moving. I will not ever come back and honestly, I suggest you don't either.
