Omg! Came back to Shiroi after nearly 7 years and they treated us like celebrities.  The tuna lovers plate ($42, includes 2 pieces of chu-toro), naked tuna on crispy rice, oshi-tashi with bonito and succulent salmon tartar were all sheer perfection.

Swimmingly fresh.

Fabulous service, nothing "shi-shi" or hipster or fancy, just amazingly good sashimi, nigiri and maki.

We love you and sister-restaurant Doma, too.

Run, don't walk, to Shiroi Hana today!
Ate here once and loved the sushi! I ordered a delicious squid appetizer and my boyfriend got chicken teriyaki because he doesn't like sushi. Too bad the price is out of our range to eat here more often but if I could afford it, I would totally make this a regular stop. 

The seating area seems really small so we were fortunate to visit when it wasn't peak time (not sure when that is, maybe weekends). I only noticed it because it was right across from Applebees.
I work right at 15th and Locust so I'm taunted by Shiroi Hana when I walk home each night. I've heard from several people it's the best Japanese in CC so I've been patiently waiting to try it. I finally made it in for lunch the other day and was very impressed. The service was speedy, the decor was chic, and the prices for lunch were totally affordable. 

I had the Mix 3 Special for $15, which included 8 pieces of nigiri, 6 pieces of sashimi, and soup/salad. The fish was fresh and the sashimi was cut quite generously. My husband had the Mixed Tempura bento for $10, which included 3 pieces of gyoza, cali roll, and salad. When he took his first bite he said, "finally, real tempura."

I've already decided that SH is too pricey for dinner, and since I'm from Cali I refuse to pay that much for Japanese food based on principle. But for lunch it's an awesome deal and I'll definitely be back. If you live/work/just happen to be in the area M-F from 12-2:15p, check it out. You won't be disappointed!
Shiroi Hana doesn't hold a candle to places like Tomoe or Kanoyama in NYC, but by Philly standards, I'm actually pretty pleased with this find (thanks yelp).  

First off, it's like the only decent sushi place in Rittenhouse that's actually open on Sunday.  

Second, the fish here is actually fresh.  Rolls (so far I've had the spicy tuna and an eel/avo) are good - nothing to write home about, but definitely standard (thereby not disappointing).  If anything, they throw in a tad too much rice, but I'll deal with that.  

Seaweed salad is also good if uninventive - it's literally straight from some Costco-size pre-packaged container, but again, that's Ok.  I've definitely lowered standards since moving to the hood.

I'm happy to have found a solid sushi joint in the area.  The restaurant itself has great atmosphere, but SH is also very accomodating to take-out orders (Sunday Sushi in the Park is my new tradition).  

For those complaining about the prices: don't ever go for sushi in New York.  As a recent transplant, I think the $6-7 rolls at SH are a DEAL.
This is my favorite sushi spot in Philly.  And I have been to Morimoto (twice), Raw, Fuji Mountain, Mizu and many, many others.  Shiroi is not a "show place" but it serves very fresh product with a wide variety of fish.  The kitchen entrees are well prepared and there are some great values to be had.  The Tuna Lover's platter and Vegetarian Special (a bento box) never disappoint.  I enjoy eating here and have many times and intend to come back many more times.
I wasn't really expecting to get good sushi in Philly, but damn.  This place was good.  I got the sashimi dinner, which was a little pricey, at $25 for 18 pieces of sashimi.  But every little bit was fantastic.  There were four pieces of mackerel (which I usually dislike due to its excessive fishiness - I know, I know, how can sushi NOT be fishy? -  but was pleasantly surprised at the quality of these slices), five large slices of good quality tuna, three slices of salmon, four big slices of octopus, three slices of hamachi, and two slices of toro.  I was in heaven. And I just did the math, and that was way more than 18 pieces.

I love you Shiroi Hana!
I love Shiroi Hana. This two-floor Japanese restaurant is usually crowded to some degree, yet they manage to maintain fast service. They're not cheap, but they're worth a visit.

Their kitchen turns out some fabulous creations: I've had their Beef Teriyaki ($19; #24), broiled choice rib eye seasoned and served with teriyaki sauce. Mmmm. A special I've tried of theirs is the "exciting" Japanese tray (their words, not mine - it's a bento box) served with shrimp shumai, miso soup, a ginger salad, rice, and a scoop of ice cream for dessert. I've also experienced their Ume ($25), an assortment of four fresh pieces of sushi (tuna, white fish, salmon, and shrimp), a California roll, aromatic chicken teriyaki, and shrimp tempura. Tempura was blah, but everything else is tasty.
Shiroi - how I've missed you.
The sushi chef who knows me "by face".
The older waitress who brings me genmaicha.

The incredibly fresh sashimi.

I miss it here so much!  I stop in whenever I can - which is about once a year now.
We ended up here by accident; showed up at Genji for lunch on a Saturday and found out they aren't OPEN for lunch on a Saturday.  The ladies next door at the Fox Bookstore recommended this place for the two tourists - one from San Francisco, who eats Japanese food all the time and knows what's good, and one from Montreal who rarely gets any and knows very little, but would happily eat it seven days a week. 

Yesterday we unfortunately ended up at Misoro [shudder] and boy, did this place reclaim our faith as to the ability of Philadelphians to Yelp correctly (HOW that pit gets the same number of stars as Shiroi Hana, I have NO idea!).

The fish was so fresh I'd think they were catching it in a pond in the kitchen

The dishes were prepared with artistry.

The tastes were subtle and beautiful.

The service was not bad.

My only major complaint was the Tuna "sandwich" roll, but that could just have been me - it was too big to eat in one bite, but couldn't easily be bitten through and just made a mess.
I've been to Japan a few times, for long enough to have unreasonable expectations from Japanese food restaurants and be super conceited about it so everyone hates me.

But Shiroi Hana is really a shining example of what an American Japanese food restaurant should be.  There were enough hints of authenticity to please me.  The flavors are strong, the fish is fresh, the miso was delicious.  I walked away satisfied, not longing for Tokyo fare (any more than usual).  And the $9 house sake really, really messed me up.

I've eaten take-out from here as well, and made the mistake of ordering the "Special" rolls -- it's a personal thing, but I can't stand sushi pieces that ridiculously large.  So I stick to the basics.  The nigiri pieces are almost too generous with the fish-to-rice ratio, but I've still been able to eat them in one bite (as opposed to the awkward "Sushi debris all over your plate and table and face" results from the supersized rolls).  Very good stuff.
I first ate at Shiroi Hana about two and a half years ago when my brother started college in Philly. My family is always up for some good sushi, and Shiroi Hana was within walking distance from Hotel Sofitel in Rittenhouse Sq, where we were staying. I just went back for a second time this weekend, and it didn't disappoint. The restaurant is nice and bright, and there is an upstairs section that has a tatami mat seating area, but both times I have been there, the second floor was not in use. Maybe they only open it up for private parties - but the bathrooms are upstairs so anyone who's dining can check it out. I had the sashimi special - fresh selection but not enough variety - and we also had some age tofu, always a favorite. The only thing that put me off was that they charge for green tea - I'm just used to having that served for free at pretty much any sushi place I go, but I guess I will fork over $1.50, not a big deal. It's not the best sushi I've had, but Shiroi Hana consistently delivers on good quality sushi with great service.
you get what you pay for. if you remember that, then you'll be pretty pleased with the sushi here. the prices may seem steep at face value, but their cuts of fish are VERY generous and the rolls are ginormous. is there cheaper and better elsewhere? yes, but not in philly. 

sashimi is the name of my game, and the sashimi pieces in our chirashi and sashimi roll were the largest i've ever seen since moving here. the fish is not SUPER fresh, but it's fairly good. the agedofu (why don't they call it agedashi tofu?!) is so good, but the house sake was terrible, even when warmed. still, alcohol is alcohol, and i love that they have hot sake in-house.

as a stand-alone restaurant, i would probably rate shiroi hana 3 stars. but in comparison to the paucity of good sushi restaurants in philly, i'd give it 4 stars. so i'll split the difference and bump it up for excellent service and hospitality in letting us overstay our welcome way past closing time.

as a separate note, do they ever open up the top floor for service? maybe for large parties..
This is probably my new favorite Japanese place in Philly after having searched for so long for an authentic one in Center City! We got there at 8pm on a Friday and were seated right away. We ordered a tempura sampler, a sushi regular set, and Japanese steak. The tempura came out warm and crisp. The hilight of the night was sushi -- thick fresh slice of fish on a small bed of perfectly cooked rice (reminds me of Sushi Yasaka in NYC). Pardon me, my mouth is watering as I'm writing this. The steak was also yum. Plus, the ambience is great and service is also on point! 

We forgot to take pictures of food, but attached is a photo of banana tempura, which deserves honorable mention.
AVOID THIS PLACE if you want to be treated with respect. Having come here a few times with my boyfriend we experienced nice dinner dates, enjoying the sushi, decor and what USED to be polite service. But I ask who can enjoy any of those positive things if you are being booted out of the restaurant the moment you walk in. After highly recommending the restaurant to friends and insisting we try the place after a night at the opera I was mortified when we were treated so miserably. 

Coming from a family of small business owners in LA I know all too well the troubles and hard work it takes to run a restaurant. You NEVER disrespect a customer. 

The waitress'S (plural) were extremely rude turned the lights off on us and set the check on the table well before we had finished our meal. My friends being gentleman left tips, I for principles sake could not ( being a waitress for many years this was hard to do but the tip was not EARNED) 

Good Sushi is everywhere, being treated respectfully is crucial. I hope this review helps yelp users find a place they could really enjoy their time in, this place is not it.
Since my new boss is from Japan I have become an official sushi snob!
One major issue is they use toooooooo much rice, thats not the real way.  Need more fish less rice.  I have to say though, the fish itself was fresh which is good.  It was a bit pricey for the size of the rolls though.  I got a rainbow roll that looked like it hadn't fully matured yet! I think i devoured it in 2 gulps.  The sushimi salad is great lots of fresh pieces of fish in there which made up for the rainbow row.  But over all for that and tea I spent a total of 35 bucks for lunch! not worth it for the small portions and the amount of rice they fill you up on.

If your just looking for a place for a quick bit while walking around stop in, but if you are looking for some serious sushi go to BLUEFIN!

******IM SHAMELESS******
Bluefin
1017 Germantown Pike
Plymouth Meeting, PA 19462
Phone: (610) 277-3917 
Price: $ Hours: Mon-Thu 11:30am-2pm-5:30pm-10pm, Fri 11:30am-2pm, 5:30pm -11pm, Sat 5:30pm -11pm
The moment I walked in, I was already uncomfortable. It's that unquantifiable uneasiness that I you can't explain. I was even hesitant to mention it in my review.

The sushi was of so-so quality, halfway between what you pick up at a cheap grocery store and the better grade sushi houses in the area. The only great piece I had was the o-toro. Oh, and the rice crumbled the moment I picked up the piece. Probably an isolated incident, the rice was a little better the second and third time around. Dessert was an equally strange mix of flavors. 

Bah, read faye b's review...I don't like reliving bad meals =( Service was off, atmosphere was off, price was...well, off? I'll give it a shot another time, but two stars as of my last meal.
I was quite disappointed by this place.

It started off on a good note, with them bringing oshibori to the table, along with the menus. Our waitress brought out an appetizer of mushy "grilled" veggies in some watered down teriyaki sauce.

Er? I was hoping our sushi would be better. We placed our order (salmon, yellowtail, and otoro sushi, a spider roll, and kumos). At one point I asked our waitress what roll she recommended and she said, "I don't know; I don't eat raw fish," but she rattled off a few from the menu. Did she actually try them, I don't know.

The oysters came, all 5 of them, in spoons, heavily seasoned with soy sauce. They took away the experience of sucking the oyster off the shell, AND covered up the taste with soy sauce?? 

Our sushi came a few minutes after. I picked up the first piece of salmon nigiri and the rice fell apart. Side note: the rice is supposed to be put together such that it doesn't fall apart when you pick it up but falls apart once it touches your tongue.

The salmon tasted okay. Now on to the yellowtail. The rice stayed intact, but the fish wasn't as fresh as I was used to. 

I tried a piece of the spider roll and that was fine as well.

The o-toro was the highlight of the meal. The fish was large (and it better have been for EIGHT DOLLARS) and melted in my mouth. Yum! If I had a bottomless bank account this is what I would have splurged on.

We ordered another set of the salmon, yellowtail, (the duo by which we judge sushi places), and o-toro. No rice mishaps this time either, so I'm thinking it was just the first piece. Bad first impression though. This batch was solid.

We ordered dessert just for the heck of it-- banana tempura with mango sorbet. I don't know about you, but I prefer my fried banana with a milder ice cream like vanilla or vanilla bean. Mango sorbet was just weird with it...oh, and the two random Pocky and honeydew melon! 

Dessert was fine...until I felt something hard in my mouth. At first I thought it was the stem from the cherry, but when I pulled it out, it was plastic! You know those plastic rings they have to hold the price tags onto a shirt? It was something like that. WTF?

Well, that killed it for me. Mediocre sushi, mediocre service, very high prices, and a plastic thing in my ice cream.
The only thing I'd recommend from this place is the TUNA TARTAR.  Yummy avocado, tasty seasoning, and most importantly - fresh tasting, melts in your mouth, tuna.  After trying this appetizer, I was super duper excited to try the rolls.  I loooovvveeee sushi so I have very high expectations for every place I try, considering how pricey this type of food is.  Anyway, onto the rolls.  Overall, the PRESENTATION of the food was excellent and  quite artistic.  But.....my bf and I tried:

Spider roll - this is my all time favorite roll, next to anything spicy tuna.  So this roll HERE...was a huge let down.  It wasn't hot or crunchy or flavorful.  It was just whatever and had a strange sweet flavor.  They give you this semi-salty dip to go with it but man, that doesn't make it any better.  

Spicy tuna roll - GUEH! It wasn't spicy nor did it taste like tuna. And what's with the weird sauce on top?! Is that supposed to be their version of eel sauce or something? I'm confused.  

Rainbow roll - another disappointment.  The tuna was kinda dry..and the yellowtail was oddly flaky yet chewy at the same time.  The salmon was alright though.  

Crunchy roll - this was by far the worst.  What made this roll "crunchy" was the fact that they sprinkled a tiny bit of tempura over the roll.  What a ripoff!  An expensive roll that can't even live up to its name! D: I couldn't even taste the shrimp either...

Based on what I got here, I would not come back and order it again all for 70 bucks.  I've seriously had better.  Quality and quantity.  

A plus is that the service here is very good.  Everyone's very polite and it's like they wait on you, hand and foot.  They literally stand by your side and make sure you have everything you need, etc.  

Again, I think I'm just gonna try other things on the menu besides the sushi if I ever come back.  Hopefully they're as good as the tartar.
This is one of the only Japanese restaurants in the city that is actually owned by Japanese.  Unfortunately the sushi chefs have as much personality as my left toe, but the fish quality here is excellent.  Also, one of the only restaurants other than Raw and Morimoto that carries Mirugai all the time.
Sushi beginners may want to stay away, as this place is far from a bargain.  Due to the fact that I eat a lot more sushi than a normal patron, I would say to expect a bill ranging from $50-200.
You can't spell "hype" without Shiroi Hana!
--------------
Before I begin, I have to apologize to Stephanie Y (3/31/10) - she was spot on with her review of this place!  

Either I'm a sushi snob, or too many people have unrefined palates. Or both.
After reading so many good reviews about this place, we decided to come here for dinner.
We split an order of the hard core sushi combo, tempura, and a spider roll. 

- Tempura: fried very well.  Dipping sauce had a touch of ginger.
- Spider roll: average.  Too much lettuce, which in my opinion has no role in ...a role. 
- Hard core sushi combo: they ran out of surf clam, and so I asked to substitute for an additional piece of uni.  The uni was VERY DISAPPOINTING, and had obviously been sitting out for too long.  It was half melted before it arrived, and it had no creamy, "umami" sweetness (it tasted salty, which reflects BAD uni).  The overall fish quality was mediocre, and MUCH better fish can be had at 3rd & Chestnut, 2nd & South, etc etc...  Let's not even mention the poor wrapping job on the salmon roe sushi (see my pic)

It got the second star only because of doting service. 

I bet the reason why this place gets massive grade inflation is that people review their the cooked items.  I thought this was a sushi restaurant, not a Yakitori restaurant?!
Great Japanese food in center city.  Very unpretentious.  While food off the grill is good, I think the Sushi is the reason to go here.   Reasonably priced.
best casual sushi spot in philly.  i agree with the other reviews - not as cheap at other spots but consistently fresh, delicious, and good service,   great corporate lunch place.
BUYER BEWARE...  I stopped in during a frequent business trip to Center City after reading the excellent reviews on Yelp, rather than going to some of my tried-and-true options in Philadelphia because it was closer to my hotel.  I should have known something wrong was going on when I was the only person in the restaurant at 9pm.  I ordered several pieces of sushi and a simple side salad, as I found the rolls to be somewhat unnecessary modifications to the staples (e.g. who puts crab stick in a Philadphia roll?).

After receiving my salad, I quickly realized there were multiple dead insects on the lettuce including a dead ladybug directly on top.  I don't know if they store the greens outside, didn't wash them at all, were completely careless, or all three, but it was probably the most disgusting thing I've seen in a sushi restaurant where raw food preparation necessitates a certain heightened sense of cleanliness.  I quickly pointed this out to the waitress, who was the only person on the floor.  She took the salad away without any apology, correction, or offer.

At that point, I was tempted to walk out but stayed to try the lackluster fish that was barely a half step above grocery store grade that was delivered with a friendly "we're closing in 10 minutes, please eat quickly."  Thankfully, they didn't charge for the salad, but I will certainly not be making a return visit.

Better picks - for the same prices, go witb Zama or Vics for a far superior experience.  For an amazing deal with better fish than Hana, try the all-you-can-eat sushi at Aki - service there can be slow during rush hours, but it's clean and delicious.
I'm always on the lookout for a better sushi spot, but when it's all said and done I always come back. Try as I might to find a new sushi restaurant, I never find anything quite good enough to dethrone Shiroi Hana.

It's not that there's anything wrong with this place - the fish is always fresh, the miso is delicious, the udon's warm and inviting. The place is consistently good, but I guess I'm just searching for greatness. I don't even know what I'm looking for in particular. I always leave satisfied, but wanting something more.
What a great little place to enjoy a fresh, tasty Japanese meal.   I prefer a la carte sushi and sashimi over their rolls, but I seriously never ate anything there that didn't leave me happy and content.  I think this is a perfect place to go to for a high-quality but efficiently served lunch.
Gotta love a good sushi place. The Vegetarian roll is to die for. Whenever I go to a new sushi place, I always try the Spider roll. Shiroi Hana makes an amazing spider roll; very flavorful and a little warm... perfect.
The best thing about Shiroi Hana besides the food has to be the atmosphere. It feels more mature than and reserved and yet modern, than your increasingly common hip multicolored contemporary sushi restaurant.
The staff are very friendly and clearly well knit and the patrons are more likely to be 30+ and enjoy a quieter environment without top 40's blasting in their ears.

My gf and I came here a number of times while we resided in Philly and every time we ordered the Sushi Love. This restaurant essentially introduced me to good consistent sashimi. A+ for the spicy tuna rolls. The miso soup was very nice, basic style, yet very tasty in flavor. mmm mmm.
Prices are comparable with the wider sushi community in Philly if not a little bit on the higher side.
Come here for a nice calm evening of good sushi.
Finally! I found some place where I want to be a 'regular'- and I am!

If you don't have the time or money to travel to Tokyo, just stop by Shiroi Hana. Grab some sake or a Japanese beer, enjoy the relaxing, modern, warm interior, and prepare to have some of the best sushi in the city. Their cooked dishes are also fantastic- the seafood teriyaki, in particular. Honestly, the white sticky rice with teriyaki sauce poured over it is heaven. I know, but just try it. The service is also wonderful. We have one waiter in particular who we really like... attentive, friendly, and unobtrusive. 

Definitely give this place a try. It'll be your new favorite Asian spot in Philly!
mmm delicious!

I just got back from having dinner here.  Slightly pricey, but definitely really good.  I ordered the dragon roll and the salmon steak (cooked to medium).  Everything was so yummy.  I feel like I ate a meal for 3 people all by myself, cause I didn't want anything to go to waste.  If I lived in philly, I'd prob frequent this restaurant a bit more often.
I love Sushi.  Shiroi Hana is OK. There's nothing wrong with it at all and the prices are about average.  It's getting an extra star though for being well slick looking inside.
I haven't been to Shiroi in a very long time - their other restaurant Doma is closer to home and is now our go-to place - but Shiroi never disappoints me.

We are even planning a big party here in April.

Love the spicy tuna hand roll here, house-made tamago, ohitashi.

Sublime!  Fresh and yummy.
I'm not an expert at sushi by any means. My experience at Shiroi Hana started off well enough. I went with two others on a Friday around 7:30pm and the restaurant was almost empty with the exception of 3 other tables. We were given warm towels at the beginning of our meal, nice touch! We each ordered a few sushi rolls and a house salad with ginger dressing. The house salad was typical, nothing fancy, good ginger dressing. The ratio of cream cheese to other stuff in my Philly roll was a bit off and I found it difficult to eat, physically. Like hard to get down the pipes. I also had the snow crab roll which was better. I liked the ambiance and service was great, but the food was just in Snooki's words: "meh."
Absolutely delicious!!! My family and I went here the night before the Philadelphia marathon to have sushi for dinner and it exceeded our expectations. My wife and I eat sushi once a week and we are very selective. The fish was very fresh and I would recommend this place to friends and family without hesitation.
I have always had good sushi here.  I've been here for lunch with a colleague, for dinner with my six year-old son, dinner with just adults, and a big party (upstairs there are more tables and you can have a private party up there).  The service is quick.  If you want a leisurely, cool, funky night out - don't come here for that.  If you want great sushi, interesting rolls, and fresh sashimi - come for the food.  When I came with my son (who LOVES sushi), the waitress was very nice to us and accommodating.  This is a kind of place where you will see some business dinners, small groups of friends, dates, and a few kids.
I really like this place but on a student's budget, it's not that affordable.  It was recommended to me by a Philly assistant DA who was Asian so I figured he knew what he was talking about.  I also wanted to try a good sushi place that was actually edible as sushi or sashimi.  We tried one of the combo sushi platters and it was excellent and very filling.  The miso soup was served very hot (which I love) and it was delicious.  The service was very good and it was not too crowded as I came around 5:30 for dinner and most of the orders seemed to be for takeout or delivery.  (It was also pouring outside)  

It was kind of annoying having to go upstairs for the bathroom but it was cool to see how it's a different more trendy and sexy setting up there.  This place is a nice middle ground between Mizu/Vic's and Morimoto.
Awesome quality sushi/sashimi offered here. Prices are pretty much what you would expect for sushi/sashimi (around mid 20's). It also has a cool traditional japanese look inside.
Shiroi Hana is a tasty and aesthetically pleasing restaurant. The food is very fresh and flavorful. I do not enjoy a lot of Philly's Japanese restaurants but this place is pretty exceptional. The staff are attentive and accommodating. The place is very clean and decorated beautifully. The cream, pale yellow, and brown décor is very inviting and soothing. I love coming here in the cold weather and getting settled in with a hot hand towel and a cold Sapporo. 

The sushi portions are quite large and they are generous with the sashimi. The udon is tasty and the teriyaki and chirashi dishes are not half bad. I knock a star off because I do think it is overpriced. I have had a few rolls that were mediocre and there are much cheaper Japanese places out there with a higher quality of food. Overall, Shiroi Hana is a pleasant restaurant and worth checking out.
Solid sushi here with good service. I'd be curious to see how their bento boxes are during lunch hours since they're slightly discounted - otherwise, the prices are pretty much in line with a Center City location.  

Bar offerings a bit lacking, but very few sushi places seem to have great beer options. I would absolutely go back, rolling 10 friends deep to use the reserved chabudai seating upstairs!
i probably shouldnt write reviews with a bloated food coma...but WOW!

5 different rolls.  three of them were ginormous.  huge.  like the size of a cupcake or a muffin top (the food).

the sashimi practically melted in my mouth.  like it was frappe'd.

dense rice packed in.  some rolls wrapped in cucumber were tasty.

monday at 545 and we opened the place for dinner.  very attentive server.

reasonably priced for so much food.

best sushi in center city as far as i know.  much better than fat salmon.

i will not be eating for the next three days.
It doesn't look like much from the outside on 15th Street, but step inside and it's got a simple, modern, yet warm decor. This was my first visit, so not knowing what to expect, we tried the teriyaki salmon - something I could make at home, but it's interesting to test a new place on something very basic. It was perfectly cooked, and they do have brown rice, which was also perfect. A very nice touch. Other diners in my party praised the sashimi and sushi plates. Our waitperson was very helpful and attentive. Will be back!
Nothing pisses me off more then when you order the sushi plate and they put a GD EGG as one of the pieces.  Also, I happen to hate mackerel, so if I ever want to substitute, I GET AN EGG.  gahhh!
This is another one of those "meh, it's close to the office" restaurants, but for the money and non-awesomeness, I'd rather go hit the Bellevue food court for a pre-made roll for $4.99.  Seriously.
On several occasions, I have actually spit a piece out - you know when you just KNOW something isn't as fresh as it should be?  Their sashimi portions are Raw sized, as well.
this place may not look very big from the outside, but it does have quite a bit of space. I've never sat upstairs (might be reserved for private parties) but  gotta say it looks pretty cool there. get a table up there if you can!

There's a minimum charge of $7 per person but do not fear. It is of no challenge at all to meet that minimum. even if you share.

The entrees are served with soup/salad but I've also ordered the large house salad here. It is a lot bigger than the complimentary one they give so I'm happy. the Sukiyaki's delicious too! Definitely share it. The teriyaki chicken's pretty average and the i also like the bento  box which comes with ice cream at the end.
Delicious classic Japanese lunch, steps from Broad Street in the heart of Center City. The atmosphere is calm with dim lights and a cozy feeling, not too crowded or loud, perfect place for conversation.
One of the best Japanese Sushi bar restaurant in Philly that did not break the bank account!

We were completely surprise with this restaurant, we were expecting that this place is just another Americanized Japanese restaurant. But lo, from appetizers to main entrée the dishes are simply epicurean.

We started of with traditional miso soup to warm our stomachs, we then served with Hamachi Kama a delicious Yellowtail and Salmon collar and Salmon blossom salad with crawfish and seaweed paired with hot bottle of house Sake. For main entrée I decided to have Chirashi served with sushi rice.

All in all, it was a lovely dinner while visiting Philadelphia. Dishes are fresh, flavorful and as I've said, it was reasonably priced.
Shame on me for not singing Shiroi Hana's praises earlier. The one day I stopped by here, it was for lunch, after a stressful national standardized exam. I was depressed, and the only thing that could console me was sushi. I stopped by Shiroi Hana, eager to munch down on some raw fish and rice.

I wasn't let down. 

Their ala carte sushi is reasonably priced. The rice is seasoned and well-portioned per nigiri (that is, you get a high fish-to-rice ratio). Lunch specials are a steal for the sushi lover, and a great deal compared to dinner. The fish itself? Fresh and flavorful.

For my second trip, I did end up stopping for dinner. As I saw a bus full of tourists enter the Applebee's across the street, I silently scoffed to myself. "Come all the way to Philly to eat at a chain restaurant?

"But wait... I haven't even written about Shiroi Hana myself! Despite its deliciousness and authenticity!"

Well, that all changed tonight. I was shocked that at 8pm on a Sunday night, the place was dead. Our servers, from the sushi chefs at the counter to the waitresses in kimono we ordered sake from, were all extremely helpful, though.

Seriously, come to Shiroi Hana for a great sushi experience. The fish is fresh and well cut. The sake is well-poured.

A highly recommended experience for excellent Japanese food in a comfortable environment.
My boyfriend and I were looking for a place to eat dinner after the Christmas village. This was next to our parking garage so we decided to give it a go. Who doesn't love sushi. It was 5/6pm on a Friday. There wasn't anyone in the place. 

The sushi was drastically overpriced. I got two rolls and it was almost 30$. It was fresh but there were not many salmon dishes which are my favorite. My boyfriend got a bento box which came with so much more. If I could of re ordered I would have gotten that. It was unclear if there was a liquor license at the place. There was no drink menu and I saw some people have beer and a drink but I didn't see a bar. 

I don't think I would come here again. It was kind of weird and crazy over priced.
Came here on a recent Friday night. The place is classic and intimate. I liked how they don't try to be "trendy," the interior is just a typical nice sushi place. It's quiet and felt like we weren't actually in the city. 

Now on to the food - we got the wasabi shumai which was delicious and spicy. We also got a few rolls and some individual sushi pieces. Everything was really tasty and fresh with really good attention to detail - they topped the rolls with some kind of delicious spice and sauce mix. 

I would definitely come back here, but my only complaint is the size of the rolls. They were noticeably smaller than rolls at most other places. Definitely a little expensive for the small size. Still, good enough food that I'd return.
Sushi craving satisfied. But is this place more of a lunch location?

Don't be fooled... the hours say that it's open starting at 5PM on Fridays, but it doesn't open until 5:30. My manfriend and I went there last Friday night at 5:35 and nobody was there. In fact, the host had to check his watch to make sure it was time to open. It was oddly quiet the whole time we were there.

Our server was incredibly friendly, and she didn't even flinch when I had no idea what the towels were for that she brought out upon our arrival. For those of you that don't know--the damp towels are for wiping off your hands if you wish. In the summer they are served cold, and in the winter they are served warm. Pretty neat.

The sushi we ordered was definitely delicious. We got a California Roll, the Island Roll, the Rolls Royce, and a Spider Roll. The balance on each was very well executed. The Spider Roll was particularly interesting... it tasted like they cooked the soft-shell crab in some sort of broth before it was tempura'd. Super interesting and tasty. The Island Roll had this delicious wasabi tobiko on it, and the mango didn't overpower the salmon at all.

The fish was incredibly fresh and everything was presented well. Everything cost as much as I expected it to. Sushi is never a cheap trip, but the manfriend and I made it out the door for $20 per person. Not bad!
The food here is very good, and the seafood, in particular, is quite fresh.  The Hard-core Sashimi combo is excellent and includes uni, scallop, and toro, along with a  salmon and avocado roll.  Great if you want a variety of tastes.  The teriyaki here is delicious as well, and the udon is warm, flavorful, and satisfying.  Definitely one of my fav places in the city for sushi.
Really good fresh sushi, great location, and nice atmosphere...good date spot.  The staff was really nice and friendly, with pretty prompt service.  Favorite rolls were Shiroi-hana roll and sashimi roll.  A bit expensive, but definitely worth it.
Sushi Heaven is here. Casual, yet delicious and without the pretension that makes it impossible to get a table at some of the other sushi spots in town. Understated, yet elegant surroundings make this a choice spot for a first date or a business dinner, and the sushi is divine .
A great romantic location for a date with my gf. Delicious, fresh sushi ; good service & atmosphere.
I'm a sushi fanatic, and so is my bf (thank the LORD!), and our favorite thing to do on a weekend night is order in sushi and watch a Flyers game (if there's one on - otherwise, movie night!!). We had somehow overlooked Shiroi Hana amongst all the ones in our neighborhood, so we decided to try a new place for fun.

They don't have a massive list like some places, but there is a fairly decent amount of roll choices, mostly the usual suspects of course. I called, ordered (one of the few sushi places open on a Sunday night - phew!), and 20 minutes later zipped over to pick up our order. The interior is surprisingly nice and tasteful (surprising because I rarely expect it), and pretty full considering it was a Sunday. I'm a sucker for interesting sounding special rolls and ended up ordering:

Island Roll (Crunchy spicy salmon roll inside w/ fresh mango, salmon and wasabi tobiko on top): I enjoyed this roll - hey, anything with mango is awesome, Gotta love those omega-3's too.

Passion Roll (White tuna, scallion, ginger, tempura flakes, shiso flakes and jalapeno spicy mayo): this one was weird. Seriously. And I know that the culprits were the ginger and shiso flakes. I need to remember: DO NOT ORDER SUSHI THAT HAS GINGER AS PART OF THE ROLL. There's a reason why its served pickled on the side. And the shiso flake addition just made things even more confusing. If they took those two elements out this could be a tasty roll. But it wasn't.

Unakyu Roll (Eel, cucumber, sesame seeds): Good, but a hard roll to f-up. Clearly they're good with the basics, and the fish is fresh so they must really make those standard rolls shine.

Spicy Scallop Roll (Cooked scallop, spicy mayo, scallions): I'm of the opinion that scallop sushi should always be raw; if you offer it cooked, its probably not going to be all that great and this was one of those ugh rolls. It just....wasn't mouth-wateringly silky smooth good. Their spicy sauce has a real kick to it (possibly to cover things up though) and was definitely trying to take over.

I'll have to just try out the standard rolls before making a final decision, but it was a little bit of a disappointing first experience. There were so many good reviews of this place I had some high hopes (always nice to find additional awesome sushi places), but this just kinda fell short.
Disappointed again. Given that the first time we went to this place was in November of 2008, we decided to give it another chance since a few of our friends wanted to take advantage of the Subaru Cherry Blossom Festival's promo on 20% off select Japanese places around the city (ends tomorrow, April 1).

Boy, I should have trusted my instincts. I really don't understand the hype about this place, aside from the nice decor and attentive service. Fish quality stayed the same (mediocre). Nigiri was small (and are they really charging $3 a piece for something that small?!). The amount of wasabi they put on the nigiri was enough to totally overpower the taste of the fish. 

A group of us ordered the Sushi Lover platter, and surprisingly, the rolls were the best part. The nigiri was just off and nothing to be wowed over. The o-toro, which I enjoyed last time, was COLD. Like...almost frozen in the middle cold. WTF? Don't charge $8 per piece and serve it semi-frozen!

Then came the issue with the bill. Nowhere on the flier does it say you had to print it out for the discount to be honored. Our waitress even gave us a line: "Oh, you need to bring it in because there's a bar code we need to scan." So my husband ran back to our place a couple blocks away and printed it out. Guess what? There was no bar code.

I don't think I'll be back to this place. I've lived in Japan and know good sushi, but this place does not even come close.
One of the best restaurants I have been to, in every aspect of the eating out experience - food, service, decor...

We arrived (without reservation) and were seated almost instantly on a Saturday evening - it was really busy, too. We were able to order quickly and had some soft shell crab rolls, king crab roll, tuna sashimi and the seafood teriyaki. The sushi and sashimi was really fresh and presented to look so appetising and pretty. The seafood teriyaki comes with rice and miso soup - this is the best miso soup I've ever had. All too often, miso soup has too much soy sauce added, but this one is perfect. The seafood teriyaki contains prawns, scallops and lobster - the prawns really make this dish. 

It was really very busy in the restaurant. A group of 3 came in after us. My hubby offered to swap since we were sitting at a 4 person table
and didn't need quite so much space. The restaurant manager was very kind and gave us some ice cream mochi on the house, as a thank you - really great ice cream mochi! 

Absentmindedly I left my gloves in the restaurant. But the staff had managed to find them and put them aside for me! So... I had a very happy experience at Shiroi Hana! I will go back every time I visit Philadelphia!
So we took a chance on the sushi place with decent reviews, a liquor license, and. 5 mile from our hotel.  The place was small (but aren't most sushi bars) but not cramped.  True staff seemed pleasant.  Their downfall was the ADD they all seem to suffer from.  Error #1 everyone around us got the hot towel treatment.  While that may seem trivial, when you don't get it,  you miss it. Don't lie...you know I'm right. #2 if I say I ordered sashimi and you bring me sushi, don't tell me I'm wrong when it was you who was distracted by the number of tables sat while taking our order. Error #3 host:when a kid asks you for training chopsticks don't say"go ask your waitress" while you sit idle.
Great lunch special! I ordered the udon soup special for take-out, which comes with a California roll. The soup was a large portion and very tasty. The California roll was extremely fresh. And only $10! I've walked by this place a million times but have never gone in. The inside was very cozy and decorated beautifully. I'll be back to dine-in soon!
Oh Toro is THE best part of the tuna and they served it FROZEN. No REAL sushi place serves it FROZEN. Also a friend ordered oh toro sushi, while the rest of us ordered sashimi. The amount of meat was such a huge difference for the same cost. Definitely get sashimi if you're going to pay market price and if you're going to try out this place.

I ordered a Sapporo Light, she still brought me the wrong one after I said it twice AND pointed it out on the menu.
Very simple but excellent quality.  You don't have to spend a fortune (like Budakon) to prove quality.  Loved it...loved it...loved it.  Parking right next door or numerous parking lots around the area.  Close to Rittenhouse Square if you want to walk after dinner.
Also, Good Dog is right next door if you want to hang at the bar with friends after dinner...
Sushi Love for two.  Seemed like a good idea at the time.  Man was this a lot of food!  No wonder why the wait staff were starring at us in the corner waiting to see if we could finish it all.  We did our best, but fell short.

We were looking to satsify our sushi craving before we headed out for drinks.  Yelp pointed us here.  Not only was it within walking distance from our hotel (the Sofitel), it was next door to the bar we wanted to check out (Good Dog Bar) and other bars as well.  Score!

We decided on the Sushi Love.  Miso soup or salad, 16 pieces of assorted sushi, rock and roll roll (shrimp tempura, spicy sauce, cucumber, scallions, bonito flakes, and sesame seeds), spider roll (fried soft shell crab, sprouts, scallions, bonito flakes, and sesame seeds), salmon and avocado roll, and spicy tuna roll...all for $57!  Did we care if we couldn't finish it?  No.  Why?  Because it was only $57!  Man were we eye hungry. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gkrDiCU_sRZKwuBlhEzv6A?select=FB1liQlAxRSD-enhzv3ucA)

Their house salad with ginger dressing was yummy and had just the right amount of dressing on it.  The miso soup came out piping out, was good, but it was well, your ordinary miso soup.  The sushi was pretty fresh.  Although I can't exactly remember which sushis we had, I know we had 8 different kinds.  The rolls were just okay, nothing to jump for joy about.  The sushi and veggies in the rolls were pretty fresh.  The sushi rice was okay.  My favorites were the rock and roll roll and the salmon and avocado roll.  The spider roll pieces were huge!  Definitely had to take two, if not three bites to finishe one piece.  I think I would have liked it better if they were bite size pieces.  The spicy sauce that came with the rock and roll roll and spicy tuna roll was not good at all.  Not only was it not spicy, but you could seriously taste the mayo in it.  Not cool at all.  


Service was okay.  Our waitress was pretty attentive.  But, maybe it was because she kept starring at us to see if we could finish our meal.  Whatever though.  At least our hot sake and Sapporo never ran low.

Shiroi Hana is an okay place to grab sushi at.  Not the best, but it will do the trick.
I went here as a party of three for dinner- we got the Sushi Love and another cooked dinner combination. The sushi was quality, the size of pieces were average or standard for the price. The staff was courteous and attentive. There were couples, and groups there dining- the restaurant appears small but there is an upstairs that looks like it would be nice to host a party or group. I'd also recommend the Sake with Plum wine, everyone in our group enjoyed it!
Excellent, fresh sushi. Everything was fantastic. The manager (Bob?) was super helpful in guiding our order choices. They forgot to include our gyoza in our takeout order after which Bob called us and delivered it to you doorstep personally! Such a great guy.
We eat here before we go to the orchestra, probably five or six times a year.  It's a top notch Sushi restaurant with great service.  It has a nice range of sushi options as well as cooked dishes and a great set of Bento boxes.  Prices match that of most down town Sushi restaurants.  Its sushi options are better than average.  I never eat rolls, but my friends often do and like what they get.  Once I splurged and got their top of the line sushi platter, the special that has all the exotic pieces.  Wow.  At any other Sushi place you'd have to order a la carte to get these bites of joy, and at a higher total price.  It faces tough competition from plenty of other good places, including Morimoto, which has the best selection of Sushi and Japanese dishes in Philadelphia, so only 4 stars.  But anyone who has not eaten at places like that, this place would get a 5 star rating.
As far as I am concerned there are three types of Sushi restaurants: Horrible, good, and amazing. If you are looking for Nobu or a $90 piece of extinct nigiri, this is not your place. But if you are looking for fair prices, casual atmosphere, and extremely solid rolls and service, this is your neighborhood joint. This is not a place I would eat my last meal on earth, but if you want good and fairly priced sushi on a Friday before 20 dollar beer night in Rittenhouse Square, this is your place.
Had a pretty great experience overall but enough nitpicking to knock it down to 3 stars. This tiny restaurant has a sparse yet intimate feel. First gripe is the wine selection or lack thereof. I think they had like 4. My second gripe was the miso soup; I have never before had miso soup that I disliked before although of course some are better than others. Theirs had a strange, mysterious fishy taste. My final gripe was the lack of exciting dishes on the menu for non sushi lovers. I settled on chicken teryaki. On the upside the chicken teriyaki was very tasty and too plentiful for me to finish. They offered white or brown multigrain rice so I chose the latter. I'm not sure what kind of rice it was as it was a purplish shade but it was very tasty. Our server was wonderful; attentive but unobtrusive. The experience was lovely but I'd be much more likely to return if I liked sushi!
Cute place to grab some sushi.  Their food is always good and sushi is fresh.They also deliver and are fast and always get everything right.  I love sushi and live near there so I get the deliver quite a lot.  Overall, they are great.
Not too much to say... stopped in for a quick sushi dinner.  The sushi was pretty good and service was friendly.  Nothing too spectacular but I do remember feeling like the rolls were bigger than normal.  I'll take it!
Looking around all the Japanese restaurants in Philadelphia, the first restaurant which flashes in my mind is Shiroi Hana. It is suited in Center City at 222 South 15th Street near City Hall. There are a variety of transportation choices to arrive at this restaurant. Although the restaurant looks small, the inside environment is cozy and comfortable. 
  
     I have been to this restaurant twice. The food there always looks colorful and tastes good. Because of my interest in raw fish, I never forget to order a fish over rice dish for each meal. I tried the Salmon Don the first time and the Chirashi the second time. The Salmon Don is a bowl of sliced salmon with a bed of sushi rice, and the Chirashi is a bowl of sliced toro, uni, yellow tail and salmon with a bed of sushi rice. All the slices of fish are really fresh and will let you feel as though the fish is still alive on your tongue. Each bowl of rice includes almost 12 slices of fish. It is enough for us to eat one bowl of fish rice as a dinner.

     Of course, many other delicious dishes are provided every day by Shiroi Hana. We chose the sushi plate the first time. It is called the Sushi Deluxe, which is a plate of 10 pcs of sushi with spicy tuna rolls. The slices of fish are out of this world and the rice is a little bit sour because of the sushi vinegar. Customers can add mustard and ginger slices in it if they like. I ordered iced tea and my friend ordered the hot tea for drink. The iced tea is a cup of black tea with a slice of lemon and a can of sugar. I think the iced tea is too diluted so that I even cannot get the smell of black tea. My friend told me that the hot tea is good. It is mixed Chinese green tea with Japanese green tea. My friend likes it very much. It is worth mentioning the tempura in this restaurant. The shrimp tempura and the soft shell crab tempura is fantastic. Especially the tempura sauce, it is almost the same as the sauce, which is provided in Japan!  

     To tell the truth, the service in Shiroi Hana is better than any other restaurants I have ever been to in Phily. Waiters and waitresses all know Japanese and they always talk to Japanese guests choice by Japanese. Every ten minutes, they will come to every table and ask guests if they have needs. They are polite, friendly and well trained.

     In addition, the first floor of the restaurant is small but beautiful. People can choose either to sit beside the cook, choice the process of making sushi or to sit in sofa, waiting for the delicious food. People also can go upstairs to several small rooms for private conversations by reserving in advance. The restroom there is clean and sweet-scented. You must have a good experience there with an amazing dinner.
Derrick P. said on yelp website, "This place is definitely solid. Fish is very fresh and a straightforward atmosphere with quick service. Huge fan of their salmon avocado and sashimi rolls." I really agree with his opinion and recommend people to have a meal there too. 

     All in all, Shiro Hana is really a good restaurant to have a try!
I ordered to go a miso soup, mushroom rolls and salmon+avocado rolls. 
OMG!!!! This place reaaaaly impressed me!!! Miso soup was excellent!!!  mushroom (shiitake)rolls were on point! And salmon+avocado rolls were absolutely amazing!!!! There were so big pieces of salmon!!!!
After living in San José CA and having access to Japantown and now having visited Japan,  Shiroi Hana is the place that delivers the real deal.   Excellent atmosphere and ambiance with superb food!  I highly recommend for lovers of Japanese cuisine!
I came here last night with my boyfriend and we have both been up all night with severe food poisoning. Avoid this place unless you want diarrhea and vomiting all night and day.  I should send them my hospital bill. Do not go here!
I've been going to Shiroi Hana for about four years now and have never been disappointed. There have been times when I would go here once or twice a week. Not only does Shiroi Hana have fresh sushi and unique rolls that I haven't seen in other sushi restaurants in Philly (I highly recommend the Island Roll; it's my personal favorite), but it offers an array of Japanese-style chicken, steak, and cooked fish which is great when you have less adventurous members of your party who aren't crazy about the idea of raw fish. In addition to the normal menu, they have included an insert for a special "spicy" menu for the past few months. I have tried everything on it and love it all.

From a price perspective, Shiroi Hana is a bit more expensive than small sushi bars. However, it is less expensive than other ultra modern, swankier sushi places like Raw and Zama. That being said, Shiroi Hana's ambiance is somewhere in between, so I'd say it has a pretty casual vibe that can be dressed up or down. Dinner guests are usually a combination of locals from the neighborhood and also business people staying nearby or theater-goers.
4.5 Stars.
I declare Shiroi Hana as my official GO-TO Japanese restaurant!  

This place is the real deal.  You can tell by the menu that they're serious about this cuisine and authenticity...and it's also worth noting that their online menu does not list everything that is available.

All the food was absolutely fresh and delicious.  The actual restaurant itself was pretty, and service was above and beyond.  

Whether you're having date night, dinner with padres, or a meal with friends... choosing Shiroi Hana would be a no-brainer.
An authentic Japanese restaurant.  Got the Hardcore sushi and it was great.    Also ordered the Daifuku mochi that was also good.   I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for a real Japanese run restaurant.
I went for dinner with friends on Saturday night. It wasn't too busy but the service was pretty slow. Took like 10 minutes to order our food. I got the $33 set dinner with miso, salad, box sushi, and ice cream. The salad was pretty average. It tasted fine but I wasn't that impressed because the dressing was just OK. The box sushi was quite small and not filling for something that should be $33. You get four pieces of sushi and six small pieces of one roll, and it comes with tempura, seaweed salad, and teriyaki chicken. The sushi wasn't in a good presentation and tasted just average. The portions were overall small and the teriyaki did not have a good glaze. It seemed like our was just baked chicken with sauce glaze on it. 

Overall I would be happy if this meal cost $20 or a little more because that's about the quality and quantity you get, but it was not worth it.
Excellent food. Broody poorly-trained waiter on the second floor reached over my face with a dirty plate in his hand from another table. I asked for coffee at the end of the meal and he said, "I'd have to make it."  So we skipped the coffee. He got an 18% undeserved tip.
This is a great sushi joint. The interior is a little austere but I would like to think it is because the fish should speak for itself. I have always found the fish very fresh and reasonably priced. I am a bit of a purist when it comes to sushi so have never tried any of the specialty rolls. The sake selection is solid and I have always found the servers to be very pleasant and professional.
Good location in center city but I just never liked this place. Authentic Japanese people have been known to like this place but I just thought it to be above average at best.
I came here a few years ago during the Cherry Blossom Festival (this restaurant offered a 10% discount to those that brought the special advertisement in the Cherry Blossom Festival website -- Google it).  

I returned recently since I was craving some really good Japanese food.  

First dish: Kaibashira -- scallops sauteed with butter and sake.  Eight medium-size scallops appeared within 15 minutes of ordering.  Sublime.

Second dish: the Max Roll (Tuna, yellow tail, avocado, cucumber, scallion, smelt roe) and the Shiroi Hana Roll (Shrimp, crab stick, smelt roe, scallion, tempura flakes, mayo w/eel and avocado on top).  Of these two, I preferred the Shiroi Hana Roll since it definitely had a lot of flavor going on simultaneously.   The Max Roll was unremarkable.  

My dinner companion ordered the Tuna Club Roll (Chopped spicy tuna, smelt roe, scallion and tempura flakes in sandwich shape).  Now THATS a winner!  It really did look like a club with three layers of rice!  

They do accept reservations, so be sure to call one in if you go.
Great service, beautiful environment, quieter and not as hectic as the usual sushi lunch special rush in other locations. It is a bit pricier than other spots in the city, but the quality and experience is better too. The pick 3 special gave me a full plate of sushi, sashimi, and 2 handrolls, and soup or salad for $17. Overall great lunch value and a nice calm place in the middle of the city
Udon is my Japanese comfort food of choice.  It's how I rank a Japanese joint.  These guys do it pretty well! Personally though, I think they'd do better if they didn't strive to be a fancy modern restaurant, their space is better suited to be a hole in the wall gem.
I didn't like eating Japanese food; I don't think that's delicious. Half years ago, it was the first time for my girl friend and I to ate at Shiroi Hana. I didn't like this restaurant, but they were very different between the outside and inside. You will think this is a small bar, but this is very warm inside. I was felt comfortable by the yellow lights; these wooden chairs and desks made me fell like home, it's very good for date; some mirrors would make you fell here is bigger. This place wasn't good at decoration, but they still make you comfortable. 
First of all I want to introduce their food. I ordered a lot, but I didn't order a lot one time, I can't pay for that. They were not expensive but it's also not that kind of cheap. I ordered some sashimi, a roll, a unadom, and a beef sukiyaki and green tea ice cream. Let me introduce the yellow tail roll first. It's my first time to eat yellow tail. This was very delicious. The fresh yellow tail with vegetable and good rice was the food very hard to be found in Philly. The unadom was a kind of ell over rice. I love ell very much. This is only one thing what I love in Japanese food. I had to say this will never make you upset. This ell looked very good; when they were over the rice what I can say is awesome. However the beef sukiyaki was not good. It just liked a soup and that's it. Please don't order that, it's not cheap. Next one is the main point - the sashimi. I ordered some salmon, octopus, red snappers, tunas and shrimps. All of them were very delicious and fresh. Expect red snappers was tasted not good enough, it's too fat. Let's begin with salmons. These salmons were fresh, but they were not the best. The others were very awesome. By the way they have two kinds of shrimp, one of them is sweet shrimp, this was small shrimp and not fresh; the other one was bottom shrimp, this was very good and fresh. I won't forgive that, if I have chance.  
  

And then we ordered something more. This was a nice try. I mean this one surprise us. We want to try something more so we ordered black cod. This is a kind of fish, which lives in South Pole. They have a fat. Shiroi Hana's chef smoked it but they still keep this fish's original flavor. What I can see is if they don't char that, this will be very good. In the end I advise you ordered the green tea ice cream that will surprise you.
Second, I will talk about the service. I have to say their service is so so. Sometimes the service was very good. However sometimes I just wanted to leave. When an old Japanese woman services you, you are very lucky. If she doesn't service you, I have to say, "Please don't be angry." 
That's all the reason I think you should go to Shiori Hana.
Amazing. Some of the best Japanese food I've ever had, and I eat A LOT of Japanese food. I ordered the age tofu to start and it was PERFECT. The presentation was spectacular and the actual tofu was lightly breaded and had an excellent sauce underneath. For the main course I ordered the teriyaki salmon lunch box. It came with these Japanese dumplings that I would risk my life for, a nice salad with a ginger dressing, a california roll which was not the best I've had but certainly not the worst, and of course, the teriyaki salmon. The box that it came in was very nice and had little paintings on the side and everything fit nicely. The salmon was unlike any salmon I've had before. The fish just melted in your mouth. As for the dumplings as I said before, I would risk my life over having another one of these. The salad was a nice break from the saucy food and the sushi was so-so. And the bill for 2 was only $32! All in all 6/5
Hair in my sushi!!!!  My sushi rolls which were avocado rolls had pieces of hair in them. So disgusting. I wouldn't eat here as I question their cleanliness.
Service is great, but can't say the same about the food. 

From the looks of it, this is a Chinese owned Japanese restaurant. I've only had the chirashi bowl and the udon lunch set. 

The chirashi bowl, which I had for dinner, is pretty filling. I can't remember the price, but I remember thinking it was expensive. The fish did not taste very fresh to me and I've definitely had better chirashi bowls in my lifetime. However, it's also not the worst. I wouldn't ever order it again, but it may taste okay for people who have less sensitive stomachs than I. 

The udon lunch set comes with a California roll. My entire meal came out to be $16 with tax and tip, which again, I felt was not worth it considering how easy it is to make (what I assumed was packaged) udon and how small the roll was. The udon is not soft and tasted like packaged udon that had been sitting in the freezer for months and is also very very bland. The soup is also VERY bland, although I actually found that part to be refreshing. The California roll was hastily made. It tasted like a typical California roll, so not much to comment on that except that it tasted like it had a little too much sodium. 

On a positive note, the service was great. The people who worked here were very nice and concerned that I did not enjoy my dish. I wish that the food was as good as the service, but it did not match up.
Delicious, fresh, high-quality sushi. Great for a low-key dinner date or for takeout/delivery. Slightly more expensive than places like Fuji, but definitely higher quality fish.  People are friendly, efficient and professional. Highly recommend!
Very good sushi.  Very good fried ice cream.  Excellent service. Very nice decor.  A little pricey.  I would definitely go back.
Good but expensive

I stopped in here for lunch on Friday. They serve lunch specials until 2pm (but if you walk in at 1:55 you're outta luck). Ordered the pork cutlets bento box which was pretty good, however the sauce for the pork was wierdly tart (I prefer mine sweet). Also had the tuna nigiri which was very fresh.

Why only 3 stars then? After ordering the bento box (~10) (which didn't come with rice (2) ), tea (1), and 2 pieces of nigiri (3 each) , my bill was around 25 after tax and tip. Talk about nickeling and diming you.
Of the several sushi places I've been to in Philly, this one is solidly meh. It was fine, but not great. The fish seemed like it was watery, not very flavorful. I finished my food but wasn't particularly excited about doing so. The bathrooms were grody, there was water staining on the curtains upstairs.
Really nice vegan entree - tofu sukiyaki.  With Sake and salad.  One of the best dishes I've ever had here in Philly.  Of course, everyone has different tastes.

Also, nice romantic atmosphere.  Beautifully warm inside.  I love it here, and always end up seeing people I know.  Nice and clean.   Fun and Hip waitresses.  Food, a bit pricey, but drinks are normal.  

They are literally a hop from the Kimmel Center, and know how to get you to your concert on time!
My coworker took me here for lunch for my birthday. I feel kind of bad because even though I got a feel meal, I wouldn't say this is the best sushi I've had. The prices here are outrageous compared to other sushi joints around town (near rittenhouse or old city). Even basic rolls cost like $7, $1-3 dollars more compared to other places. Special rolls cost about the same but smaller with more rice. I guess compared to the other high end restaurants in this part of town, the prices are reasonable. 

I got a nigiri/sashimi special and got to try some of their fish. The fish seemed fresh and the plate arrangement was very nice. I did not like how they cut their fish though. The fish was cut very long and skinny, not easily eaten in one bite like sushi is supposed to be eaten. They also put cuts through each piece of salmon and tuna for my sashimi, maybe to improve the texture of the fish but it didn't really do anything. The raw fish was strangely hard and reminded me of the texture of jello. This could be that their fish might actually be fresh (not previously frozen) but I actually prefer the softer/mushier, previously frozen fish from Vic's. If you have had Vic's, there's definitely a difference. 

The worst part and the reason why I would not come back here is their sushi rice is messed up! It was all HARD and it NOT STICKY at all. When I tried to dip my nigiri in the soy sauce, the rice fell apart and crumble all over. This is not proper sushi.
Above average (by an inch) Japanese food in CC. It's close to my office so it's convenient at the moment. Special rolls are great, everything is pretty authentic. Atmosphere is cozy and the service is pretty prompt and efficient.

Bottom line: efficiency + consistency + convenience = 4 stars.
My brother and his wife had their rehearsal dinner here and it was the first I had ever heard of this place.  It's a really cute and cozy sushi restaurant and they have a pretty diverse menu. We were able to satisfy everyone from the die-hard sashimi eaters to the vegetarians and the "I don't eat raw fish"-ers.  All in all the food is good, fish is fresh and service was really on point. If parking wasn't such an issue for me, I think I would be back more often.
Some of the freshest, most delicious sushi I've ever had. My boyfriend and I got only a few items, but they were all amazing:

Rock n' Roll roll
Snow crab California roll
Miso soup
Fried gyoza

I can't wait to go back!
I recently met friends for dinner at Shiroi Hana. They picked the spot and despite having walked past it a million times, I had never been there before. 

Of course I needed to look at the menu and read the Yelp reviews prior to my visit. So as it turns out, the website had been hacked. I couldn't menu stalk and I'm hoping it didn't infect my computer with a virus. Yikes. I mentioned this to someone who worked there and they had only noticed the issue the night before. I had been on the website approximately one week prior to our dinner. Yikes again. 

To my surprise, since I hadn't seen a menu, the sushi was a little pricy.  The specialty roles were a little above standard, but the basic rolls were high. Typically in situations like this, I'll go with a maki combo to maximize my sushi and my dollar...but they didn't have one. 

So I went with a glass of house merlot, a tuna roll and an eel avocado roll. The group split an edamame as an appetizer. 

Everything was fine, but generally unimpressive. The edamame had zero flavor and no salt or seasoning was added. We ordered the basic edamame, but a little something would have been nice. I dipped it in my soy sauce and it was just ok. Similarly with my rolls, they were fine but just standard. 

The service was fine as well. They were as attentive as we needed them to be. 

I left a little hungry and with a little less money in my wallet than I would have liked. I'll be passing on Shiroi Hana in the future.
Over priced, small portions. $30 for chicken Katsu (fried chicken over rice). I ordered veggie tempura and got a the brown outside piece of the onion. $9 of tempura, some of it not edible. Not worth it, never again!
My favorite neighborhood sushi spot! This is perfect for takeout, as well as eating in. All of the staff members are fabulous and so sweet. The sashimi is always fresh and so good. My favorite roll is the naked tuna roll and the rainbow roll. The rock shrimp tempura salad is another favorite.
I'm always iffy about trying new spots, especially when it comes to sushi. Worried if it's not authentic enough or if the fish wont be fresh... But this was AMAZING.. It hit the spot! The sushi was delicious and very fresh. The waitress was super friendly, even offered to change our table cuz we were orginally seated at two person table, but we ordered so much, that she asked if we would be more comfortable in a bigger table, an extra plus that she noticed! We went about 530pm on a weekday, and by 630, there were already ppl waiting. 

Atmosphere was nice, service was great, food was superb, why wouldn't i be back? =)
Picked up to-go sushi from this spot my first night in Philly. I was exhausted, but hungry, and stumbled upon Shiroi Hana. I placed an order on the spot and in about 5 minutes it was ready! Yay! 

I ordered the Chirashi, which was delicious. All the fish was super fresh and tasty, as was the accompanying miso soup. The prices are a little high for what I'm used to (who says Philly is cheaper than DC, nonsense!), but the quality was high, and I'll definitely head back.
This restaurant is now open for pickup and delivery with a more limited menu than before Covid. I have ordered dinner several times. My favorite is the black cod which is very delicious. I don't eat raw fish so can't comment on the sushi. The cooked food has been very good overall.
