Tasty. Tasty.

I have been trying to get here for a while to try the fish hoagie; it was worth the wait.

This hoagie could feed 4 normal people, 2 Yelpers.  I would estimate there were 6-7 crispy pieces of whiting, seasoned perfectly. I was asked what I wanted on it so I asked for my options and ended it up saying "Put it all on" lettuce, tomato, cheese, mayo, sweet peppers, hot peppers, and onions.

Soo good.

I also ordered fries for the ride home, they were fried perfectly; soft on the inside, crunchy on the outside. I only asked for salt and pepper and added ketchup later.

They have a vast menu that includes bean burgers, fish, and other soul food items. I also saw that many of the regulars were ordering slices of cake and pie. 

There was a bit of a wait which you would expect from a made to order spot; now that I know what I like, I will call ahead. Street parking, friendly service. Definitely will be back!!
Wayne Junction is usually thought of as a small neighborhood at the beginning of Northwest Philadelphia that one passes through on the train or highway.  But guess what?  There is a popular eating establishment worth getting off of the train or highway to patronize. It's called Sister Muhammad's Kitchen.  (And right around the corner in Wayne Junction there is now a new brewpub offering another dining/drinking choice.)   Of course during Covid-19 things have altered but takeout is still available and this is an establishment I wanted to try as well as patronize.

The specialty at Sister Muhammad's are their fish hoagies.  They offer two types - the standard one with a whole whiting fish ... and their famous Moslem Fish Hoagie where the fish is fried and cut into pieces. I opted for the Moslem Fish Hoagie with everything on it and am I glad I did.  It was a totally tasty sandwich bursting with flavor which I can recommend to everyone. Be hungry or in the mood to share because this is one large hoagie. Sister Muhammad's is def a place worth going a little out of your way to find.  

Tip - In non-pandemic times one can eat inside as well.
One sentence summary: if you're white, don't come here.  I landed up here by accident, as this is the closest eatery to Wayne Junction station.  The staff made it very clear that I wasn't welcome.  The customers were all poc apart from myself.  Only one person was working in the kitchen, so I had to wait forever for my sandwich.  But it was ok, hence two stars versus one.  Just loved the photo of Malcolm X on the wall.  Won't be coming back here any time soon!
Sister Muhammad's Kitchen gets ***** because they continue to maintain the original taste since they first opened in 1999, Sister Muhammad's Kitchen doors were closed for a while as they did a revitalization of the neighborhood,  however they are open and still serving their signature Nation of Islam flavors. 

Sisters Muhammad's Kitchen is known throughout the city for their Muslim Fish Hoagie, but they are making a lot of noise with the new Salmon Cheese Steak. The Bean Pies are CLASSIC and the Navy Bean Soup is MAGNIFICENT... 

Friendly Staff and Clean Environment.... HURRY UP!!!!
Love! Love! Love Sis. Muhammad's Kitchen! The food is excellent and I am always very satisfied with any meal that I get. My favorite is the fish hoagie. The hoagie is super big and enough for 2 people to share. This spot is very popular so sometimes the wait is long, but it is always well worth the wait. My advice to people is order your food in advance of your hungry point. If you order when you're hungry then you may have an issue.... LOL! Great food! Keep up the good work. Im definitely a fan:)
During the time of Covid of course takeout is your only dining option I wish I had the opportunity for the full dine experience. From the window everything looks clean and orderly. The young man at the window was very pleasant.

I placed my order over the phone while sitting outside and was informed I would be called when it was ready. 10 minutes later it's ready, good timing! Schreeceeeech pump your brakes. Got in the car for a sample the fish was slightly greater than warm but the cabbage and lamb steak was 'room temperature. As for taste the cabbage and potato salad was 'different' and neutral the food doesn't stand out as good or bad just simply food. You receive your money worth as the portions are more than fair. The fish is crispy but a little hot sauce would have gone a long way but they didn't have packets to offer. 

Will I return? Probably and to try something I've heard great reviews about the, Muslim Fish hoagie and fish fried rice. I think it's worth a shot!
Omg. Food here is AMAZING! This was my first time visiting Sister Muhammad's at the recommendation of a friend. They told me to try the fish hoagie and lamb cheesesteak and both were delicious. The fish was cooked to perfection--  fried crisply outside but incredibly tender inside (get it with hot sauce). The lamb cheesesteak was my favorite. The lamb tasted distinctly like lamb and was seasoned to perfection. I savored each and every bite. 
The cashier was a bit clueless. I asked for a takeout menu and she told me to take a picture of the dine in menu. I asked if there was a menu online and she said she thought there was. I asked what the website was and she looked at me blankly and said she had no idea. Regardless, the food was amazing and I'll definitely be back. I love supporting local and black owned businesses and this place definitely deserves community support.
I believe it was Philadelphia magazine that claimed this place had the best sandwich - the salmon cheesesteak. As someone who rarely eats beef, the cheesesteak is something that I rarely partake of. Salmon though is another story. In my previous life, I probably was a bear slaughtering salmon who were making a trip upstream. 

I walk in and was immediately struck by the hospitality. From the person at the cash register to the chef, they were filled with suggestions about how to make my sandwich better. Spinach and "Muslim Sauce" are a must. Also, this was my Monday night dinner. Picked it up at 6:30 pm. No wait at all. 

The sandwich was meaty and flavourful. The bread to meat ratio is a criteria that I see many food critics use. I personally care more about the meat to veggies/add-ons ratio. That was perfect here! Not too much sauce, enough hot peppers and spinach to give it a mix of textures. It was great and well worth the $12 or so that I paid.

Side note - like all cheesesteaks this one packs a punch. Expect to take a nap after it :).

I will definitely be back!
The Fish Cheesesteak from Sister Muhammad's kitchen is delicious! It's a perfect blend of fish and I topped my sandwich with lettuce, tomatoes, mayonnaise and mustard. Eat it while it's super hot. I don't recommend reheating the sandwich it's not as good warmed up. I plan to try other items the next time I visit Philly.
I got two Whiting fish platters and they were just okay. The fish was greasy and the potato salad was fair. The biggest turnoff for me was the woman who brought the food to the door and took my money to pay for the food. She took an exceptional amount of time to bring my change and when she finally did, she sarcastically requested a tip stating "we are risking our lives to make food for you. No ma'am!! Your working is a choice!!! I can't recommend this business to anyone and my chances of returning are ZERO!!!
The Food was ok the staff was friendly service was Fast. Ill go back to try other items.
I'm not sure what happened in the kitchen the afternoon of December 20th but the chicken cheesteak I just had was not good. I thought it was going to be chunks of chicken breast instead it was dry & looked processed (like steakumm)...I will give them another chance maybe it was an "off" day
Fish steak and Muslim hoagie...very disappointed, the food seemed thrown together with no Love, no love, no love.
Excellent fish sandwiches and soul food with many options

Sister Muhammad is an excellent place for some hearty portion dishes. "Muslim Fish Sandwich " is amazing with flavors I cant describe but it is VERY good ( mayo, raisins , mustard , ketchup) .The chicken wings were also crispy and well seasoned. 

The young girl out front does an amazing job handling the non - stop orders ...  have some sympathy for her. They are very popular with the locals and thats also a good sign.

They have a good amount of options... Cant wait to go back again. If they pick up the phone you can call your order in to save time .
I've been wanting to try this place for some time. I finally got a salmon cheesesteak which left a lot to the imagination. Ordering off of Grubhub,  they didnt allow options such as onions peppers etc. So this is what I got and its... very basic. They need to update that feature for this restaurant. Idw to pay $11 for bread and crumbled fish.
Their customer service is awful. Very rude and unprofessional. I attempted to place an order over the phone she the owners sister was rude kept interrupting me while I asked questions. The reason I know it was the owners sister because when I explained to her she was being rude and asked to speak to the owner she replied what do you need im the owners  sister.  I explained to her customer service is everything she hung up on me. I will never buy anything from here. Its sad to say this but thats why African Americans don't suppose Black businesses
I ordered the Muslim fish hoagie (no pickles, no lettuce) and onion rings using the Black and Mobile delivery service.  You know how you hear about something for years and years and it's hyped up so much and when you eat it it's a disappointment because it didn't live up to the hype?  This is not one of those situations.  That Muslim fish hoagie is everything people say it is and more.  I'm so thankful that I don't live in North Philly because if I did I'd probably order that hoagie everyday.  It's delicious.  The onion rings were good too, don't get me wrong, but I'm just looking forward to the next time that I can get that hoagie.  

Unfortunately I was at work sneaking bites so I didn't get a chance to take pics.
The food is decent. I love their bean pies. But the customer service is not good. They need to work on being a little more friendly.
The burger was very nasty I would never order from here again. They didn't put any condiments on their.
Very disappointed. Placed a large order through Black and Mobile for lunch today. Order 6 fish hoagies with different preferences. What came were 6 sandwiches made the same. Nothing was marked. The fried fish platter was missing along with 2 pieces if cake. Oh. Forgot to mention the order was called in at 11am and arrived at 1pm which is fine. But to forget things and obviously not make the sandwiches the way it was requested is kinda messed. Called to speak to a manager and the man on the phone was just outright rude. Asked for a manager and was told he was busy. Overall bad experience from a place I've frequent often before the pandemic. I won't be ordering from there again especially no apology no type of "how can we make this better?". I recommended them today for lunch and hyped everyone that it was a great spot but today was a bad day.
Don't go if you are looking for good service, I went in ready to get a dessert I go to get a cheesecake since it's on the sign and go to the fridge that the young lady pointed towards for me to grab my own, I went to a sign that said cheesecake and when I ate it was banana pudding, I hate banana pudding. So simply just asked for them to change the sign to prevent it from happening again and they refused. I told them my dislike for banana pudding that I payed 6 dollars for and they refused to exchange. I'm never going to come back because they show lack of care for the customers.
Whole entire household developed food poisoning must of gave us some bad fish  I called plenty of times to speak with the owner you would have thought they cared about their customers and would have called me back. NOPE! no call back so I will be contacting Dept of Health
I dislike Sister Muhammad's Restaurant they look dirt poor and the people working are trifling. The menu looks terrible and they hang up on their customers. They have terrible customer service and the food is trash just to reiterate. Let's not forget to mention they're a racist bunch.
In a word...AMAZING!!!

I've been eating here for years and even though I'm now 2 states away, anytime I find myself in Philly I find myself in Sister Muhammad's kitchen. Have you ever tasted love in food? Eaten a meal where you know the person picked out all the best ingredients and served to you what they would serve to themselves and their family? That's the magic of this place, not to mention the innovative dishes that they've created like the Fish Fried rice. I recommend you eat in, take some orders to go and never, ever forget dessert like the banana pudding and butternut squash pie, which I like to take home and warm in the oven. Also, the place is sparkling clean and the staff friendly and helpful. It's not fast food, it's good food!
The food was ok, the service was fine, but more communication is needed between the front and back end. Your wait is way too long and that is not a good thing in food service.
Food is always delish! Order a head of time to avoid the wait. Fish hoagie, blackbean burger, salmon burger and fried wings are my go to items. The bread puddin is the best! If you can't get your granny to make some for you... You can't go wrong!! Just remember to check your order before leaving to make sure you have your condiments
I have been patronizing SMK for several years and never had a problem, but I will not go there again.  I ordered a fish platter with cabbage and potato salad.  The fish tasted odd, perhaps it had been frozen and not fresh fish.  I wouldn't eat it for fear of food poisoning.  The sides were so BLAND!  That was a waste of money.
So mad I didn't take any pictures. Food smelled so good I just wanted to dig in!!! I had fried wings and fish fried rice!!! I recommend SMK and I will definitely go again.
Muslim Fish Hoagie really good , if you're craving a fish sandwich go here ! Servings is good enough for 4 people to eat
I'd eaten here a couple of months ago and had to get around leaving a review
Muslim fish sandwich-excellent and different, I never would think raisins would work on a fish sandwich, but they did.
Fish and rice, not quite as good, I think I'm just spoiled by Indian cuisine and rice, this batch had good flavor but was on the dry side.
Great local place and the locals in the area know it, massive line for a weekday but very efficient workers
Well I was excited for this sandwich(fish hoagie ) also but had an underwhelming experience. I didn't order any lettuce , tomato, onion or cheese so the sandwich arrived as such. 
With all My might I didn't think I would have to state such , if you order a hoagie anywhere in Philadelphia the items listed are  put on as the "basics " of a hoagie and you'd be asked for other specifications. Lastly I called and complained because even without the "basics" it was COMPLETELY FLAVORLESS. NOT A HINT OF SEASONING! The young lady listened to my gripe and responded " we don't season our fish , it's just battered and deep fried, just in case anyone is a diabetic .." 

First when most restaurants are heath conscious they still season food but offer that you could modify your order to your specific needs. The majority off people when having the luxury of dining out expect a seasoned meal !!!!! 

And the bread wasn't fresh ... this is the second but definitely last time ordering from here. 

I can understand being health conscious and wanting to do what's best for our culture but you can cook with herbs and spices that are healthy ... instead of sending out bland food. 

I never received a call back either. Hope you all ask for a seasoned meal when ordering !
I found this spot on Yelp and decided to give it a try. I'm so glad I did! The food is great and so was the customer service. I got a salmon steak with no cheese, hot peppers, and onions. They accommodated my dairy allergy with ease and without complaint! It took about 15 minutes, but I don't mind waiting since the food was piping hot! Bonus: They're black owned! I'll be back the next time I come to Philly!
YIKES, with so many great reviews I was very excited to try this place. One of my favorite food bloggers (jljupiter) recently raved about the food here specifically the fish hoagies. Me & my coworkers placed a postmates order last week and the food was disappointing. I had the Muslim fish hoagie, it was drowned in sauce, that's really all I could taste honestly and the sauce is just ok. You definitely get way less fish than they put on the regular fish hoagie. Now I'll admit I'm not the biggest fan of whiting but I've adjusted since living in Philly the problem here is lack of seasoning. The food was BLAND. The whiting & wings were fried well in the platters but it was crying for seasoning. Mac & cheese and potato salad are good all other sides weak, and we tried them all. We also got a salmon platter and the fish was over cooked & extra dry, it was supposed to be jerk but again no flavor anywhere. Overall waste of money, I wouldn't eat here again.
The lady at the counter with the shotcut, glasses, and colored hair seems to never smile or give off positive energy. The food is awesome. But the vibe sucks. Even when your trying to be nice and smile at her, she keeps a straight face and just comes off mean. I stopped going just because of that. Im a very happy person. I md rather recieve service from a person with the most greeting spirit and the food is horrible, or maybe even just okay, than to get service from someone with a jacked up attitude and waste my hard earned money.
So, I suggested this place a couple of months ago for my line dance sisters because, they were in town and wanted a place to eat that was good. I'd never been here before but I wanted to try it. Well, they raved about how great it was when they went. So, the first opportunity I had to try it, of course, I had to taste it. I'm in love with this place! The turkey legs were A M A Z I N G! So good! I loved the Fish Hoagie! Everything was well seasoned. Parking wasn't bad, but I can imagine it being tough to find parking during the week at lunch time. It was well worth the drive to get there. I will return when I can!
I ordered the salmon fried rice it was absolutely disgusting. It was overcooked and tasted terrible! I will never eat here again.  Awful is an understatement
Sooooo good!!! The cheesesteak hoagie and the fish hoagie with Muslim sauce was BOMB. The service was fast and the cashiers were polite and helpful. We went back to NYC with our stomachs on full and smiles on our faces. 

Thank you guys! 
#supportBlackbusinesses
I was driving down Germantown and saw the grand opening sign several times but never had time to stop. Finally I had some time and tried this fish hoagie ,everyone talks about . I am a super fan now !  

fast forward to NYC SOBS in April album release party of  Pharoahe Monch PTSD . Came down to see his manager and the show. An Awesome show with heavy hitters of Hip Hop and R&B . So I was talking with some of the performers and we started talking about Philly and Food . And Sis Muhammad's  food came up and we all got hungry. lol  They where coming to Philly soon to do a show at Milk Boy and where gonna stop by to get some of her famous Fish Hoagies.
 Rock of Heltah Skeltah was very familiar with her foods and came to find out he knew a lot of the same people I knew in Philly. Hip Hop and good food unites so many people. Sis Muhammad's  food is known by some of the best Hip hop Artist !!
Driving down Germantown Avenue last week, I happened to notice the newly constructed homes right around G'town and Windrim. I was also pleasantly surprised to see Sister Muhammad's Kitchen was open for business. I've passed by a few times over the past year thinking they were closed forever and sad that I'd be missing out on one of the best fish hoagies in town. 

Well I'll mourn no longer because they are back and better than ever. I stopped in and got a fish hoagie and it was just as good as I remember. I even tried a butternut squash pie. I was told it was like sweet potato pie. I thought it was even better!

I'll be back for BOTH of those in a few days.
Heard good things about this place so I decided to try them out! Got the fried chicken wing platter with double Mac ($1 charge for double sides) .. The macaroni... Oh the macaroni! So effin' good. I could eat tubs of the macaroni alone. On to the wings. They were nice and crispy but they desperately need SALT, SALT and more SALT. They are also juicy but once the salt or seasoning is on there, heaven. 4 stars because the price.. I could buy the ingredients of this meal twice for the price of this platter. $13 is ridiculous but overall, I would be back for the luscious desserts and cheesy macaroni and cheese!
I wasn't expecting much because of the secluded location,but boy was I wrong. I ordered the famous Fish Hoagie,and it was worth the wait. Fresh bread,fresh fish,homemade mayo,and fresh veggies!! Delicious and worth the brief wait. Give Sis Muhammad's a chance,even the stereotypical prepared desserts were great and fresh!
In the mood for something different, we decided to try a spot we've never been to. I debated the baked chicken platter with mac and cheese and veggies, but then decided to try the fish hoagie. $9.50? I was concerned that it would be a little fish filet on a sub roll. However, it was amazing! The fish was perfectly seasoned and fried. And they provided so much fish that I could only eat half. I enjoyed the atmosphere and friendly service! I definitely recommend this place and can't wait to go back.
I had a very heartbreaking experience last evening with Sister Mahammad's Kitchen.  I placed an order with Uber Eats and when the order arrived, it was not at all what I had ordered.  When I called to inform the store, the individual that answered the  telephone caught me completely off guard.  While she did offer to remake the food, she suggested that I come pick it up.  I explained that I was not in a position to drive and required delivery.  I was not so much put off by her suggestion as much as I was by her condescending choice of words.  I was genuinely heartbroken.  I rave about this establishment and couldn't wait for my out of town guest to try the food.  At 8 a.m. the following morning, I am still in shock and disbelief, and was mortified in front of my guest while talking with the establishment.  Never have I had things go left while supporting this business, until last night.  The individual that answered my call last evening has no business taking calls or dealing directly with customers.  She clearly lacks training and is in no way equipped to be accommodating or to put out any possible fires.  At one point even calling me a joke before hanging up the phone on me.  She has left a stain on the business, for me, as I will not be returning.  

Uber Eats, however, worked swiftly in their resolution and even threw in some discounts for my next purchase.  

I am very sad that this happened.
I received the worst fish platter yesterday. This place should serve their last customer like the first customer of the day. I received dry fish, horrible mac and cheese and I would not even taste the cabbage. I will never buy anything from this place again. If anyone continues to go there please go early in the day when I am hoping the food is fresh. Shame on Sister Muhammad's Kitchen 19144
I sat in my car after work craving fried fish and almost shed a tear until my wife suggested Sister Muhammed's. I ordered a fish sandwich and also got a bottle of Akbar juice (you HAVE to get this juice). First. ..this juice was like your favorite juice. ..on steroids, it's that good. Almost slapped somebody. The fish was perfect, you'd think a fish sandwich was something that can be accomplished easily. Trust me it is not. I will definitely be back!
The food is good. I've tried the whiting fish hoagie it was excellent and seasoned well. My favorite is the Salmon cheesesteak, i suggest you try it with spinach. The customer service has improved since they hired the young girl at the counter and the older lady that speaks to everyone.
Initially I was overcome by grief due to the fact that the Chef had achieved such a perfect  Butter to Pancake ratio...I honestly ate half of my girlfriend's pancakes before she or I could put syrup on her pancakes...I should have went with Pancakes. But I didn't, and that's okay because the Salmon platter w/grits was phenomenal. The service was great, the bean pie was even greater. I'll be back for lunch...pancakes changed my life
I stopped in for a bite before a meeting and I've wanted to go back ever since. First, the place is very open and impeccably clean. Second, the guy at the counter was so sweet and third, the food was really delicious. I ordered the navy bean soup, mac and cheese and a ginger juice with mint and tamarind. All of it was absolutely perfect and I can't wait to try more things!
i found this by accident  was hungry at work and tried this place on uber eats and i was impressed food was good the salmon was on point seasoned just rite mac and cheese was on point well worth the 5 stars this is a must try
I can't say enough about Sister Mohammed's Kitchen, staff is cordial, establishment is clean and bright, which is important to me! And the food is exceptional. On my visit yesterday I had the chicken wing platter with green beans and Mac and cheese. (I'll post a picture) I've had the fish as well and it was very good! Also, the platter sizes will feed two!
I luv there Fried Whiting, cabbage and string beans!!  

Best I've had in a long time!
Well this is my first time. My first impression was nice clean and well lit inside. The ladies were very polite.  I order chicken wings with cabbage and Mac&cheese.  I really like the Mac&cheese! The chicken and cabbage needed some salt but over all great. I would eat here again
I live in Delaware, and I was told by my Honey that live in Philly that Sister Muhammad's Kitchen was open after renovations. Let's just say I was excited to eat there because he raved about the restaurant soooooo much!!!! We went last Sat 7/12/2014 and was very pleased with the welcoming service that was pleasant and friendly, the menu selection was exciting, the restaurant very clean, and of course the food we ordered was well prepared, seasoned just right, scrumptious and the desserts we had later were heavenly OMG .
My Honey ordered his favorite fish steak hoagie with all his favorite trimmings along with fries. I was undecided for a while because they have so many awesome dishes on the menu...I settled with fried whiting platter. They were generous with portions and my sides were fresh glazed carrots not can carrots, and some awesome mac & cheese OMG!!! We were very pleased with our meals and our desserts. We left with our desserts which were a whole bean, cheesecake bean pie, and 3 bread puddings lol!!!! Just want to end by saying we are fans of Sister Muhammad's Kitchen and We are spreading the word out about Sister Muhammad's Kitchen. We will be returning soon!!!! Thank you for sharing your blessing!!!
Good quality food! My sister raved about their Muslim fish hoagies so I finally stopped by to place a order. The serving sizes are well worth the price. i also like that they have all natural products in the store (popcorn & juices). With all the overly processed foods & fast food restaurants Im thankful that I found this spot! This place deserves 5 Stars. I believe in great service & a great product. This place has both. Trust me you wont be disappointed.
Ordered a fish hoagie (Muslim). First time ordering from here, it was a mess, there was sauce everywhere, too much fish in a very little bread loaf.. Too be honest I couldn't even taste the fish, it was just sauce and more sauce, too messy. However it was decently flavored and even tho I looked like a fool eating it, I did it anyway.  Only if they can get the ratio of fish and bread right, it might actually be ok. Not to mention everyone doesn't like a hoagie loaded with sauce...
My favorite Halal place. Great place to eat. Nice and clean and most importantly for me...no pork! Their food and desserts are always tasty. I have no complaints with cleanliness and food. I didn't give it five stars cause sometimes the customer service isnt 100% (ex: phones not working at times) the receptionist can be a little loud lol but they are still pleasant. Also they can run out of food fast so when your mouth is set for something they sell, you better get it while you can or it'll be all gone. Lol. Other than that. I enjoy Sis Muhammads Kitchen
Fish hoagie was delicious and large as the other reviews mention. I didn't realize I could have the "Muslim fish hoagie" and ended up adding my own toppings. I think the people who take your order could be more knowledge. It was clear it was my first time ordering. However, food was done quickly (before the pick up time given) and it was tasty. I'll go back again for the fish hoagie.
I've been here a couple times, but I have to honestly say this time was a bit of a disappointment. The fish in my fish steak was obviously reheated in the microwave . By the time I got home to eat my sandwich, the fish was so hard and chewy that I could barely eat the sandwich. Usually the fish is cooked fresh or maybe if it's been reheated, it's done on the stove. I'll be back, but I just hope they don't use the microwave again.
Great food! The fish hoagies are my favorite. I haven't had the Muslim Fish hoagie yet but it's on my bucket list lol. You won't be disappointed!!
The food was okay ordered fish platter everything except the fish was way too salty, why do black eateries over use salt,  aren't they aware of us having high blood pressure issues as a race! I won't return again!
Bad, bad. Ordered the fish hoagie. Had it for lunch on a Friday two weeks ago and was sick all weekend. Lousy! I definitely don't recommend. Even 1 star isn't deserved. More like (- 2 stars).
There is nothing gourmet about this spot! It's straight up basic. But the food is good. I had the fried fish platter with Mac n cheese and cabbage. The portion sizes are on point for the price, the fish was flavorful and the mac n cheese was like Nana was back there cooking it herself. There's definitely room for improvement around aesthetics and etiquette. I saw several people (presumably friends and family) walk in off the street and right into the kitchen (not the best look). But this 4 star rating is based solely on the food and the service and because they were both good, I'll definitely go back!
Muslim Fish Hoagie is at its top of the game: filled with veggies cheese fish and sauce
I was excited to see this place was open but after getting the food VERY DISAPPOINTED! My order was wrong, rice was dry and bland, fish was supposed to be jerk but had a yellow sauce on it and the potatoe salad and Mac an cheese which i did not order was tasteless!!! Waste of $15 and I couldn't even eat it that's how BAD I was very disappointing.
Get the Mac and cheese!!! Such great food everyone loved it and great people! Highly recommended
This is by far one of the best fish bogies I have ever had. There is plenty of fish, it's perfectly seasoned and the lettuce and tomatoes are fresh as well. I was a little apprehensive about he roll, but it turned out to be good. I have had it over 8 times and good every time, just say no to the special sauce.
My fav ‼ when I crave fish I always want a sisters hoagie. Been going to place for years
I got the fish platter w/ Mac n cabbage. The fish was good I just thought it needed a little more flavor, Mac was excellent but the cabbage I did not like I just thought it didn't taste like cabbage I don't want seasonings they use for the cabbage but I didn't like it. I gave them 3 stars because of the cabbage and the younger lady at the front gave me slight attitude when I asked her how long would my food be, but that didn't bother so I would go again just to try different items this was actually my first time trying this place.
I pretty much get straight to the point. Fish sandwich (would be a tad better if was on something else than regular wheat bread, but who is complaining!) salmon burger and mac & cheese were really good. The bread pudding... should be a crime! Great place to go if your in the germantown ave/nicetown section of the city.
I have to say, my experience with Philly neighborhood soul food spots is quite limited and I will say that as a D.C. resident, I didn't think I would find something like this in the city. Yelp led me to Sister Muhammad's and I'm thankful. Yes, it's in area of North Philly that some goofballs would call sketchy but it's really not. The staff is warm and helfpul, and the spot is clean.

I ordered the salmon fried rice. This is a massivd amount of food for 10 bucks. You can easy split it with 2-3 people. I also got a side of macaroni and cheese.  Both dishes were absolutely amazing. I don't even have the adjectives for it.

While dining in, one of staff members brought out a smothered fries sampler that was also amazing. They didn't have any of the famed Akbar juice but I will be returning next week for sure.
The window girl was very rude , messing up people orders , screaming and cursing at customers, ignorant at its best.
I've visited this place yesterday the macaroni and cheese was not done! The fish breading was thicker than the actual fish and the cabbage was waterlogged this was the most unsatisfying experience!!! I've visited this place about two months prior and the food was great. However they must have changed cooks because this was horrible I'll never go back
Excellent food and a must have if you want a phenomenal fish sandwich. If you go on the weekends, the wait time can be a little long, but weekdays the service is pretty quick
Like other lack luster reviews for this place, it isn't so much about the quality of the food. It's the lack of service and detail... I've had my struggles with this place in the past, but this recent one takes the cake.. I'm a Lost customer. After placing my order for two fish hoagies and being told 30 min, I intentionally arrived 1hour later because I know how they get down... I get to the window and my order still isn't ready. Finally I get my order. I get home.. and half of my sandwich doesn't have any fish in it... one half does the other half doesn't... like seriously they charge way toooo much to be messing up like this.. I'm over them.
