Best acai bowl in Philly. The regular sized bowl is very large and packed with fresh fruit. I added almond butter to my bowl for some added protein.  Ended up being the perfect breakfast bowl to start my day off right. 

There's more fruit in their bowls compared to other places in the city. Sobol is also more reasonably priced compared to other restaurants that offer acai nearby. The staff is super friendly and welcoming. I'm also obsessed with the wood cut out of a map of Philly hanging up on the wall with "Rittenhouse" painted over it. I have a feeling I will become a regular here!
tl;dr a light and refreshing option for breakfast, lunch, and dessert, albeit at a premium price

The açaí craze has swept the nation, as more and more people become hooked on fad diets featuring "superfoods." Somewhat a cross between a blueberry and a blackberry, the taste and consistency of açaí makes for a perfect addition to smoothies and frozen desserts. And SoBol has capitalized on the frenzy, opening up a Rittenhouse joint just dedicated to this.

The bi-leveled space sports minimalistic, off-white walls, lined from below with whitewashed driftwood trimmings. The light wooden tables are accented with black finishes and metal stools. Black-and-white shoreline photos adorn the walls, complemented by ship-like lighting fixtures and mini surfboards to complete the beach house aesthetic. The menu is chalked onto a board, supplemented with caloric information and a wide assortment additional topping options.

This past visit, I joined a few friends for a late lunch, and we all opted for SoBol's classic açaí bowl. Layers of granola and blended açaí were topped with fresh strawberries, blueberries, and banana. The culmination was a refreshing, sweet treat, sure to hit the spot on a hot and humid summer day. Service seemed spotty -- several employees were chilling out and talking amongst each other rather than helping the sole woman who was painstakingly making each bowl.

Moreover, the bowl is on the pricey side, sitting at $8.50 for their regular size (and $14 for Big Gulp-esque "Super"). To be fair, this is about what I've come to expect for Rittenhouse fast-casual. That being said, I can't help thinking that I could simply buy a bag of frozen açaí from Trader Joe's to make my own bowl, but I suppose you're paying for the service. But don't expect it to hold you over for the day. The bowl is intentionally light and consists of almost straight carbs, and I was craving something else to eat before my day was through. As such, I consider this more of a niche dessert spot that a legitimate restaurant.
I've sampled acai bowls across the city, and this is the best one. For real. The granola is amazing! The fruit is always ripe, and the acai has a great flavor. YUMMY! Think I'm about to go get one now.
I'm teetering around 3.5 stars but I'll put 4 since it's opening week. SoBol offers several acai/smoothie bowl flavors in three sizes as well as smoothies and coffee. The original acai bowl comes topped with their housemade granola (which they sell on the side if you love it), strawberries, bananas, blueberries and shredded coconut and honey. They offer "specialty toppings" like hemp seeds, chia seeds, and more tropical fruit but they cost extra. 

I should preface saying I've spent a lot of time in Hawaii and Cali where there are acai bowls all around and my critique might be a bit picky, especially since there's probably a total of 3 acai spots in Philly. By no means was the bowl bad, I just think it could use a tweaking to become amazing! IMO 50% of the bowl was super sweet granola, 25% fresh fruit/toppings and 25% was actually acai, and there was just a couple drops of honey on top. I'd prefer much less granola cause at some point I'm just eating granola with chopped up fruit. 

The service was nice but really slow. I will just credit that to opening week until they get the kinks out.

The atmosphere is really quite cute. It's relatively small but they have window seating, a medium sized communal table, and two small tables upstairs. I would definitely come back again if I was with friends.
Simply the best! I'm pretty sure I've tried every açaí bowl in the greater Philadelphia area and this one comes out on top. The base is so delicious and they've never killed a bitch by accidentally adding bananas like so many other places. The cookie butter is to die for...it basically tastes like liquified teddy grahams. It's a great addition to a bowl along with perhaps some Nutella and chocolate chips. I think one of the keys to a great bowl is great granola and Sobol gets it right. The granola always maintains it's crunchy integrity and every bite is a delicious little surprise. I just wish it was easier to access but for now the only times I'm willing to enjoy Sobol is when I pay $30 on Uber eats. But I'll continue to treat myself every so often because nothing else comes close!
Eh. Açaí bowls were great but customer service was just eh. I made a fairly larger order and the man taking my order was just pressing buttons doing the bare minimum. No hellos no repeating the order, just pressed buttons and then a total at the end. Come on, give a little effort man!
Got a smoothie here and it was really tasty, but at around $9.00, I don't think I'll be frequenting SoBol that often. I would like to try their acai bowls and I like how they have "model" bowls so you can see what you're getting. Overall, cute place, but a bit pricey for my liking.
I would also like to say thank you to Dominic!!! I've been coming so consistently lately that he knows exactly how I like my bowl. He saw me coming today and he made me feel extra special with his acknowledgment! :) 

My coworkers practically live in this place. Everyone here seems to be on a health kick and all I see every day all over the office are these Açaí Bowls. Luckily enough my coworker surprised me with one the other day. Otherwise I would have never tried it. All I can say is, I'm sold. These bowls are a little expensive (around $9) but they are delicious and Vfilling...without all the guilt. It's a great substitute for a meal when you're on the go or even working long hours. They also have smoothies as well. I'm so glad they are a block over. It's super convenient.
Not the best bowls but decent 

Positives
-fruit is great quality
-good flavors (sans honey-would be too sweet With honey!)

Negatives
-WAY too much granola as a lot of reviews note. Ratio is not good. 
-prices are high for the quantity 
-unfriendly employees
I never truly know how healthy acai bowls are so I get them rather infrequently. However when I do, I come to this place. They do them really well-  always a nice balance of fruit and other toppings. 

My favorite is the Pitaya bowl but I opt for bananas instead of pineapples. Very refreshing and what I don't finish I put in the fridge for later and consistency is still great.
The first time I went to SoBol I was really impressed so I came back to get a larger sized green bowl for breakfast. The bowls come at a decent price, about $10 but I was happy to pay it for something I had enjoyed. Upon eating my bowl, I realized something was off. Taking a deeper look, none of the toppings on my bowl are typically what you'd find in a green bowl. Instead of berries and coconut, I got some blend of pineapple and kiwi? Also, the smoothie texture is basically ice. For what I paid, really not impressed.
How much do I love a good açaí bowl??? SO MUCH. This place was across the street from our hotel and I couldn't get enough. I got the original açaí bowl with peanut butter instead of honey. Regular size was HUGE. If I was local I would split it and save the other half for tomorrow's breakfast. I see complaints about the price, but honestly I felt like it was worth it for the location and quality of the food. I wish I had a spot like this near me cause I would eat there all the time!
Smoothie wise...5 stars.
Decor wise...5 stars.
Location...5 stars (for me. It's walking distance from the planet fitness)

So you're probably wondering why the 4 stars...the people working did NOT look happy to be there and to me that makes a difference. Additionally, I would've expected more add-ins for a smoothie spot (at  least spiralina and maca powder). 

But anyway, this place was very cute and I was allowed to customize my smoothie, so that was appreciated. My super green smoothie was actually very good.
My friend's pitaya plus was pretty good as well. 

While visiting Philly, this definitely did the trick when looking for a solid smoothie before I started my day.
So so so overpriced. $10 for a SMALL bowl!! So crazy to me. For some reason I still find myself coming back. The mixture in the pitaya bowl is great and they give you enough toppings to pitaya mixture ratio. However for $10 I could make one at home by myself!!
I have not visited SoBol in a while and decided to go yesterday. I ordered a regular Pitaya. Edith was there and has such great positive energy. She is a true multi-tasker that likes to communicate/stay engaged with the customers while you wait. There are social distance signs on the floor and masks are required. Cash in not accepted. My Pitaya bowl consisted of pineapple, mango and kiwi. The regular size was two servings for me. SoBol was a great way to start my morning with great customer service and energy from Edith and a yummy açaí bowl.
The açaí bowls are better than the pitaya bowl. The açaí bowl is neither acidic nor bland. It's the perfect amount of fruity goodness. You must eat it when it's served chilled and make sure to get the granola on the bottom as you eat it. You don't have to, but eat it at your own discretion if you're into soggy granola. The pitaya bowl is more acidic than the açaí bowl, and I don't know how I feel about the frozen kiwi. You have variety of options, so you can switch it up with smoothies or add more toppings. 

The bowls are on the pricey side, but it's a better alternative to typical desserts if you want to be healthy. I got the kids size at first, but I think it's worth more to get the regular. All the employees are friendly. After eating this, check your teeth for seeds if you're on a date lol
SoBol is a very cute spot that serves smoothies and smoothie bowls. I used the Ritual app and picked up the açaí bowl. It was very enjoyable and definitely hits the spot if you're looking for something refreshing. The bowl is topped off with banana slices, shredded coconut, blueberries, and strawberries. All the fruit tasted really fresh. 

My complaint would have to be the portion size. I think the size of the bowl was really small compared to what I thought it would be based on the price.
I like this spot a lot! Probably one of the better açaí places in Philly. I ordered from GrubHub and the delivery was surprisingly fast! I will be ordering from here again.
Not much to say other than this place is just okay... I've been to a few Acai bowl establishments and this place will not be at the top of my list. 

The people working we're friendly but the bowl I got was lacking. I got minimal Acai, lots of granola, a glop of PB, and whatever other stuff they put on top. I felt the proportion of ingredients was not right and the presentation was sloppy.  You can also see this in how messy the smoothie is. 

Worth checking it out but there are better places. :-)
My friends and I were craving Acai bowls so decided to come here. We all got the regular Acai bowls which was very good. We enjoyed them and were exactly what we needed. My only suggestion is that they would have different pre-set acai bowl options as opposed to paying for add ons.
Was craving a pitaya bowl this morning. This is one of the few places that has pitaya and acai bowls in the city. I added peanut butter, nutella, and strawberries to mine. OMG. Delicious. Cute little place with some upstairs seating. Seems like the staff already have regulars and know their orders. They put my bowl in a large container so it wasn't spilling over the sides when I brought it home!

I use PitayPlus at home to make my own bowls and smoothies. However, to buy all the fruit and things to go in here, it just wouldnt be worth it. This is why I don't mind spending $8-15 on this. It is healthy, full of fiber and good fats and really hits the spot for my sweet cravings!
It's really all granola. I can't even have one spoon with açaí only... It's bothers me so much because granola is so hard to chew. I ordered açaí bowls with the Pitaya fruit arrangement. The açaí bowl is cheaper than Pitaya bowl, but on the receipt they charge me one regular Pitaya bowl and no Pitaya add açaí for $0.75. Very interesting! The pinapple they used is canned not fresh either. Not very good experience overall.
My first açaí bowl. They give out samples during lunch time. Very friendly and helpful staff. I asked for a sample of the pitaya and they gave it to me and my friend.

Pitaya is sweeter than açaí. There are displays of how a bowl looks like. Basically it's a layer of granola, acai, granola, topped with banana, blueberry, strawberry, and coconut. You can add more toppings to which cost $1.25 each. I don't think it's worth it. You can get only a dollop of the nut butter or cookie butter. 

It's really refreshing and perfect sweetness. It comes in 3 sizes: kids, regular, and super.

They sell granola and granola bars too. 

They also have loyalty card. 

Definitely a great dessert spot.

Plenty of seatings including the upstairs
So happy to finally have a great acai bowl spot in Center City! I've only had the main bowl with mangos, but I know for sure this will be a regular spot for me!!
(3.5) Was excited to see an Açaí bowl shop open up near me. Overall it's an okay-ish bowl but nothing spectacular and they are still working out some kinks with the service as they've only been open for two weeks now (as of April 2018) For sure good enough for me to come back and satisfy a craving and I look forward to seeing them improve.

I will caveat this by saying I lived in CA for several years and went through a bit of an açaí freak phase so I've tried A LOT of bowls and smoothies. Philly isn't know for having the greatest options (or tropical weather).

The standard bowl comes with 1-2 layers of granola, açaí purée, fresh fruit and a honey drizzle. At $6 for a small (which they call "kids") and ~$9 for a regular, the pricing is fair. The purée itself I found lacking in flavor but the granola was fantastic (and made in house). I also like the fact that the bowl isn't cloyingly sweet like many places that add copious amounts of honey or sweet toppings.

My biggest critique would be that the bowls are served in plastic takeout containers - the same kind you would get if you ordered pasta salad from a deli counter. Get some nice, custom bowls and charge me an extra $1!!! With açaí bowls appearance is everything and this felt bizarre.
This was a healthy way to kick the day off near our hotel on Market Street in downtown Philly. We popped in twice during our three day visit and I especially enjoyed the green smoothie bowl filled with kale, spinach and banana topped with mango, strawberries and granola. My addition of the almond butter dollop took it to the next level (so good). It seemed like the bowl could use a little more banana in the puree/smoothie portion to help offset the frozen/not creamy texture. In addition to smoothie bowls they offer a fairly extensive menu of smoothies. It seemed that most of the customers I encountered were there for the smoothie acai bowls. 

The staff was friendly enough and the space offers a hand full of seats in the lower and upper portion of the space. Note that outlets are hard to come by so its not the most ideal spot to work for a few hours with a laptop. If you're staying in a hotel and have to roll out early in the morning, they're also willing to pack up your smoothie bowl toppings separately so it'll keep overnight.
This place is located right in the heart of Philly and offers smoothies and acai bowls. There is seating upstairs and on the first floor. I got a regular sized acai bowl and was surprised by the portion. There's a little set up where you can add more honey to your bowl if it's not sweet enough for you. I definitely could've gone smaller. It's a great snack for a hot summer day. My bowl was topped with banana slices, blueberries, and strawberries -- I forwent the shredded coconut just because I'm not a fan of coconut in general. This acai bowl was pretty good, but not the best I've had. I definitely will go back.
Visited on a Saturday evening. I was craving something sweet and decided to satisfy it with a smoothie. Definitely a great decision. 

I'm now a fan of SoBol - after wanting to try it out for sometime now. After great deliberation, I settled on the Açaí Smoothie, glad I did... it was exactly what I needed! Sweet, filling yet not heavy on the stomach. However, the price point is ridiculous (about $8-10 for a normal size cup). 

I recommend trying out SoBol, but will admit you can find smoothies just as great at a lower price point.
The location is nice and the food is good and is prepared very quickly. This place would be a great place to go With friends to sit and chat for a while because of the clean and cozy space. The regular and large size portions are phenomenal and I would recommend both but if you want to have a proper size breakfast I suggest the larger bowl. My only complaint is how expensive each add on topping costs especially considering how much they give you. I don't believe adding toppings is worth it. Also their order taking employees sometimes tend to be under trained so ordering from there may sometimes be a slow process however they are very friendly either way. I highly recommend going to this place to try it out because it is great but be ready for the extra toppings and awkward interactions with employees
Delicious and fresh! Cool vibe when you walk in! Love it! Perfect place for breakfast in Center city! They open super early!
I called in an order at noon and picked up two bowls for my coworker and I. We work right around the corner and we're excited to have an acai spot so close. This was my second experience, was underwhelmed by the first but today was enough to keep me from coming back. Both our bowls we're completely freezer burnt!! It was so hard to eat and not what an acai /pitaya bowl should be. If I'm spending that amount of money on something it should be fresh. This tasted like it was in the freezer for days. And I was in the middle of work so could not go back for a refund. Definitely will be going to Frutta bowls instead. For such a high quality product it should be treated as such. Also not a big fan of their granola, but that's personal preference.
Came in after my fitness class on one of the first 80+ degree days of this year. Got a regular acai bowl with almond butter and this hit the spot. Will be coming back for more soon! Great addition to the area, and super friendly staff.
DELICIOUS açaí bowl & an even SWEETER staff! So freaking & highly recommend. Great music and relaxing atmosphere too! I am definitely recommending this place to my friends
I've been trying to find a acai bowl place and happy I have found some places in Philly. SoBol is alright. Their acai base is a good consistency, not too watery and not too icy. I think that they're a bit too skimpy with their fruits/toppings.They also give a lot of granola which kind of hinders away from the acai on the top and bottom. 

To top off my experience here, I placed an order on Ritual this morning and the app had notified me that the order would be ready in 5 minutes. I got there 10 minutes later and did not see my order. The cashier was talking on his iPhone and saw me waiting and then walked away from the cashier to finish his call while other customers walked in. Someone else eventually helped me and had mentioned that I should have said something since my order was not there; but you know.... I couldn't lol. Very bad initial customer service.
I purchased a Super Green Smoothie which I felt could have been blended a little more because it was a tad too thick. There were no "chunks" of the ingredients that were visible though. It was a nice blend of flavors overall. It was about a six minute wait with no one in front of me a little after 11 on a Friday morning.

The shop is small and simple but it's clean with a laid back atmosphere. It's tucked away on the right side of the Vitamin Shoppe on 17th and Chestnut.

All bowls and smoothies are made to order so I felt good knowing I wasn't getting anything that had been sitting for a while. Any ingredient for the bowls and smoothies can be removed or substituted with something else. For example, instead of almond milk in my smoothie, I opted for vanilla whey protein. 

I will definitely be going back to try a bowl, and I'll recommend this place to others.
Best acai bowl in Philly? I think so! Blows Front St Cafe and Juiced out of the water. A little pricy.. spent $21 for two regular acai bowls with peanut butter on both. Add ons are $1.25 each.. but it's delicious and worth the price!! Go!!!
Got an açaí bowl from here last Saturday! Nice staff but a little slow in my opinion (me being the only customer in there.) I got there açaí bowl in a standard container (16oz) and paid extra for a piece of mango. It literally was a piece of mango cut into tiny pieces scattered over my bowl definitely not worth $1+. The granola is really good though. But the açaí blend can be better! It's made really sweet with Soy Milk. Any other açaí bowl spot makes it with Almond milk or another liquid of your choice. Charging extra to switch Soy for Almond milk is not wise. The fruit on top was several pieces of banana, my piece of mango i paid for, a couple slices of strawberries, 5 blueberries, and very little to nothing coconut. I asked for no honey already knowing that the blend was going to be sweet. I ended paying over $10 for the bowl which is decent but compared to other places that give you better bowls for $8 it doesn't compete. I'm not a hater I just love my açaí bowls! And know what is worth  it and whats not. And this place can be worth it one day.
Yummy pitaya bowl, friendly service, high prices

Other reviewers mentioned there being too much Granola, that was not the case with mine. All ingredients were in proportion to one another. This is a nice snack but I couldn't buy one too often because of he prices. A 1/2 pint was considered a kids size and was an ok sized snack for me, for $7.
Its nice to see the healthy food trend picking up in Philly.  The acai bowls here are great for a mod day lite meal.  Plenty of add-ons and options when building your bowl.

Would be nice to see more varieties (kale!) as well as something other than soy or almond milk.  Unfortunately wont be back here until they replace the almond milk with hemp milk!
Decent acai bowls with the standard toppings: bananas, strawberries, blueberries, granola, honey and coconut and you can add a few more toppings for about $1extra/each. Very fresh ingredients and quick service. They're a little pricey considering the portion though, $9 for about 5-6 ounces. So, I'd say give them a shot if you're in the area or you have a taste for a smoothie or bowl.
FINALLYYYYY! My prayers have been answered! Philly needed a place like this, just açaí bowls! No longer do I need to wait to satisfy my craving by having to go to Frutta Bowls in Jersey! The staff was amazing, nice, and welcoming. The spot is cute and chill. And their açaí bowls, super fresh!!! I love that they don't come premade, they make them as you order and the touch of cashews in the granola has to be my favorite part. Also, I have to say that this is one of the first shops that doesn't charge extra for coconut and honey drizzle! Thanks for opening a spot in Philly! Next step is to open a rewards program because I'll def be there more than a couple times a week!
I came here today and ordered the Açai bowl. I was disappointed they didn't have Nutella as an add on and I also felt like it had too much granola.  It is definitely more on the pricier end at almost $10 for a bowl. Like I said I wish they had Nutella but I regretted not settling for peanut butter instead for my bowl. I was still hungry afterwards, and I think that would have made it more filling. I just felt like it was more of a snack than a meal.
I really appreciated how this place has more granola on the bottoms of their açaí bowls! Also, this place has honey on the side if you want more honey. The atmosphere here is very chill and relaxing. The music choice is great, and the customer service is amazing.
Passed it by couple times and finally get to try it today. Just because i was in hurry, so i ordered green smoothie instead of acai bowl.

I was kinda surprised with the price, paid almost $8 for the smoothie. Place? Very nice, modern, and clean. Taste? It was good, but i still feel it a bit overpriced. I might be back to try kids acai bowl, only because my curiosity. Lol
I've had Acai/Pitaya bowls at a few other places, and was excited to try a new spot in Philly. SoBol is conveniently located in Center City, across from Liberty Place and only a few blocks from City Hall and Rittenhouse Square.

The bowl itself was okay, but disappointing.

I was, however, happy to see a "kids" size option, which was smaller and cheaper than the normal size. In general though, I thought the bowl/ingredients were all a little to sweet. 

Even the "normal" size was kind of small, compared to what I've had elsewhere. 

The selection of ingredients was pretty good, and the service was friendly and pretty quick.
I ordered takeout from here via the Ritual app, and it was great! My order was ready to go as soon as I got in and the açaí bowl was excellent. Would definitely recommend this place if you're into smoothie bowls!
I've gotten their Açaí delivered twice now, it's a large amount so maybe their ratio of açaí to topping could be more to my liking but it tastes great.
It's so cute inside of here! The cashier had a bad attitude.. maybe it was a bad day for him.. idk. Açaí bowls are good and the girl that gave us the bowls was very friendly!
This place is great.  My bowl was incredible.  Great fresh and healthy option.  The staff was very helpful.  They told me to try peanut butter with mine.  They were spot on.  I loved it!  Potions were very generous.
Had my first acai of my life and it was AWESOME! Staff was very friendly and accomidating. Have already been back twice. I wasn't sure about the price at first so I looked at other places that sell Acai bowls and they are right in line with others.  Perfect for a healthy breakfast or lunch!
The best acai bowls in Philly! I've tried acai bowls from 5 different places in this city and this is the best spot. The fruit is high quality and always ripe (this is a problem at other places).
I came across this place while looking for something to tide me over in that late-mid-afternoon, too-early-for-dinner time. SoBol was okay, though I now wish I had kept walking and gone to a potentially better spot. 

I got the acai smoothie, and the taste was almost on the bland side, which is kind of odd for a smoothie. This would be fine if I were the one making a smoothie, or if I was going to a place where smoothies and bowls were NOT the specialty. But - especially since I paid around $8 (w/tax) for this smoothie - I expected better taste and flavor.

Again, nothing was wrong, and it was fine - but it wasn't anything spectacular, and if I'm in the area again, I'll probably grab a snack elsewhere.
What I was looking for - - a good solid smoothie place with friendly service and some interesting food selections. I will be back.
I don't really divulge into the hot food trends, but I've always been intrigued by the whole smoothie bowl thing, so I decided to check out Sobol since it's not too far from my job. Walking in I can tell you that they manage the line flow pretty well, but it's easy to tell that the staff haven't exactly developed a cool head yet (read: easily flustered). 

As many have pointed out, it's pretty expensive. I got a kid's pitaya bowl sans coconut (they asked if it was by preference or allergy, which was impressive!) and it came out to $7. Now don't get me wrong, quality fruit like what I got in my bowl is hard to come by, but there's so much granola that it almost seems like they're cutting corners. 

This business is young, so I'll have to come back once they've landed on their feet.
Eh, not sure how I feel about this place. 
The bowl is very delicious. But at $6-7 for a kid size, and $9-10 for regular, I can't justify spending that much money on something where I could still eat another whole meal afterwards. You can get the jumbo size, for $14-15, but now that exceeds my lunch budget for a meal that is really suited better for a healthy breakfast. 

Other reviews mentioned there was too much granola in their bowls, i think they read the reviews and fixed that, because I didn't have that problem. My kid-size bowl was not overloaded with granola. 

Overall great tasting açaí. Minus one star for high prices compared to portion size (maybe offer a frequent buyer card, or local worker discount like the prior tenant Melt Kraft did), and minus another star for limited menu options (recommend some more filling lunch options like kale or veggies or tofu). 

I might try this again for breakfast, and the coffee was good, but I wouldn't come back for lunch.. I need something more hearty.
I always wanted to try an açaí bowl since I am a huge fan of fruit based deserts and drinks. I thought it was a great opportunity to use the ritual app to get a discounted açaí bowl at SoBol.

I actually really enjoyed my bowl because mine was made with a great proportion of fruit, granola, and the açaí blend. I don't have any complaints about how it tasted or the ingredients used.

I do feel like the portion is small for the how much you pay. For me it is quite overpriced so I only see myself coming back if there are any discounts
I love going for runs through the city and then stopping somewhere for a smoothie or bite to eat afterwards. This time I tried SoBol and loved it. I got an açaí bowl which was rich with flavor and full of delicious fresh fruit. The honey added a nice sweetness and the granola stayed crunchy to the last bite. It's a little on the pricey side, but I was left feeling satisfied with the flavor and portion size. With Covid precautions, you aren't allowed to dine inside, but we we took ours to Rittenhouse Square and ate them there. The staff was so polite, answered our questions, and were all wearing masks. There is social distancing signage inside and hand sanitizer at the counter. You can also call in orders and pick them up.
I've been a little obsessed with açaí bowls lately. OKAY, a lot obsessed. I was determined to try all the places around my apartment to find the best one. SoBol was very disappointing. When I pay the extra fee for nutella or peanut butter, I kind of want more than a dollop. Their variety of bowls are also very few. Sadly to say this place is not my fav.
No doubt about it, BEST Açaí bowl's in Philadelphia. The regular size Açaí bowl is plenty big enough for one person. Sometimes I can even get two meals out of it. It's so light and refreshing and perfect for a hot summer day. It's hard for me to branch out to other toppings/ items at SoBol because I love the original Açaí bowl so much. The original Açaí bowl has Açaí, pureed strawberries, banana, soy, homemade granola made by SoBol, and is topped with fresh strawberries, blueberries, banana, honey, and coconut flakes. It's so so good! I wish I could eat it at least once a week. Maybe next time I'll steer away from a bowl and try a smoothie!
