I had the time of my life eating those seafood fries at Soulfed Philly! I really did! I have to say those fries was the best meal I ever had lol. 

Soulfed Philly basically combined two of my favorite foods, seafood and fries and made hella magic! ( insert fireworks)

I came to Soulfed based on the pictures I saw on Instagram. I just knew I had to try those fries. I entered the small store and was greeted by a very friendly and attentive cashier lady! Customer service is everything and she definitely is the best person to be on the frontline cause she handled the crowd with style and grace as well as my order.

Once I placed my order, I waited for about 15 minutes and it was ready. When I tasted my food. I instantly got taken to paradise. The fries were crispy with real crab meat and huge flavorful shrimp, yum! The fries were also topped with an old bay ranch sauce that was like icing on a cake! Every bite was absolutely positively soo good! 

I didn't want it to end!!! but it did ( sad face) and now I'm left with memories and salivating on the opportunity to be reunited with my now favorite meal! I definitely recommend Soulfed Philly to everyone who enjoys seafood. They have all kinds of seafood boil platters and the fries were about 16.00 but well worth it!!

I'll be back!
IF YOU HAVE A LARGE ORDER FOR AN IMPORTANT DAY STAY AWAY!!

The food is good but the customer service is horrible.  My husband ordered 17dozen of crabs- 11 hard shell and 6 sautéed with 2lbs of mussels, over $500. He pre-ordered them early afternoon on Friday, August 31 to be picked up on Sunday, September 2 at 7 PM and he left a  $300 deposit w/ a $40 tip. However,  when he and my brother went to pick them up on Sunday, September 2 he was told they needed 15 minutes and they will be ready. After 40 minutes they still were not ready and eventually he was given only four pans of crabs totaling six dozens of sautéed and six dozen of hard shell meaning there were 5 dozen still missing.  But he was told that was his complete order. So he proceeded to count out the crabs himself and only at that point did they acknowledge their error being five dozen short. And then they said they needed more time. Needless to say after waiting 1hr-15min, he got the crabs and they gave him a Styrofoam container of my 2 pounds of mussels which was wrapped tightly with plastic wrap.  When my husband finally got home after missing our daughter's surprise entrance that was to start at 8pm, we opened the Styrofoam container and found out we were given 2 pounds of shrimp and not mussels. Also many of the crabs were mushy. So the moral of the story is if you want to order large trays from them it's better for you to order their sauce which is fabulous but get your crabs from ShopRite and do it yourself. Their customer service was not very good,  they made us wait forever despite us having such a large order. It was like they would rather wait on the customers that had one or two platters versus our  six trays. You do the math!
I am not happy writing a bad review for a place I've been waiting to support but I feel management needs to hear this. 

In order to keep a business afloat, all feedback both positive and negative, are to be taken into consideration before making a judgement on the person's comments. I say this because I feel like management may just go "eh she don't know what she's talking about." I really want to see this business thrive and stay in business to pass onto their kids but the following has forever deterred me to even consider returning. 

Entering - it wasn't packed and had many seats opened which only lasted about 30-40 minutes before it was filled. Good sign. Chillin spot to bring your family and kids for seafood. Ok. 

Service - our server John was as good as he can be accommodating us, although, management should have trained all staff properly before handing them over to the wolves (customers). We initially went to enjoy their special they advertise on their IG Sunday-Thursday Happy Hour 4pm-whenever it was. We asked John if the original menu was the only one available today (he said yes) because it was like 3:53pm , and apparently he couldn't give out the happy hour menus til 4pm on the dot. Huge misleading info. It's 4 something and the last of our party arrived and we got the happy hour menus. Ok. We all decided, ordered. John comes back to tell us that it isn't until 6pm that the specials start. We were all disappointed, and was not even honored the HH price even though this was their mistake. That's strike 1 for many of us, but I was still patient as I had already decided to choose from the regular menu anyway. Food was good, did not die for it. A bag of melted butter and some spices did not make for a boil in my opinion, but the creamy butter sauce they had for the sides was good. I've had better and more options at Asian Palace in South Philly. But, we came for the food and it wasn't horrible so... we shouldn't be complaining right. 

Ambiance - it was cool.. then I see the owner (or the face of SoulFed) walk in..started eating his food at the bar and his gun exposed on his waist (and I'm in the booth closest to him) turned me off! Screw the damn HH prices, but seriously a damn GUN especially in this climate we're in? Yes, safety first whatever fine but to keep it EXPOSED walking around the place.. kids running around, how is ANYONE to feel safe? I wouldn't bring my kids here for that at all and I'm very familiar with "safety" but to bring it into an establishment out in the open with kids around, yeah. Didn't sit well. I was hoping to bring some of my great clients here, but knowing that the owner is quick to resolve an altercation in other ways than talking, that will deter me from this establishment. 

I'm gonna say it. The owner got way too cocky and comfortable too fast. Yes your place is thriving but it can also collapse real soon if you don't fix it quick! 

Management needs a tight ass grip. As a person who's managed many businesses, one can tell there is no one who the staff can run to and have all of the answers! At ANY business, especially a restaurant, IF THE OWNER IS IN THE BUILDING, HE IS WORKING! Greeting customers, asking them how their food is, giving customers a brief background of the come up etc. The bathroom overflowed with toilet paper. There's only one POS system in the front of the business (you need another in that back room too btw) which causes a lot of chaos. and the owner sees this happening and sat there at the bar and watched the game. This is sad. I'm all for supporting local businesses especially black owned businesses so I hope management gets a grip on this and run it more professionally. The neighborhood will only take you but so far, but to keep your business running even more years than you expect, that management, that firearm exposing stuff gotta go. So unprofessional in my years of working the industry. It's only been a few months so y'all need to close and revamp with trained professionals in order to move it forward. Til then, it's been real and I can't return. None of us are.
Let me start off by saying they have excellent business practices.. They messed up an order and when notified of it, the issue was rectified immediately. And they give you a huge portion of food.. 
However, I am not a fan of their food :-( The presentation wasn't good and I could have gotten over that but I did not like the butter, it was sweet to me and I don't want sweet with my crabs.
Delicious food and great drinks. I've tried the shrimp and crab meat and it's all deliCious. My favorite is the seafood fries which has a mayo base, plenty of crab meat sprinkled throughout and three jumbo shrimp placed on top. I've had the jackberry tea and it's GREAT! I'd highly recommend. There's plenty of space, the wait staff is friendly and the music was on point. Nicce hip vibe and very relaxed atmosphere.
This post is long overdue. I love this place! 

Let's first take note that last year one of my favorite seafood places in Germantown got shut down for their health code violations which just shocked me after I read it. I couldn't believe I ate there. So I of course checked the health code for soulfed and there were ZERO violations. 

I came by myself, one Sunday after church. The music was playing and there were a ton of young servers but were eager to help. 
Since I was alone, I sat at the bar in the back and ordered my food. My favorite is the tang special: fried fish & shrimp with over fries and crab meat with a special sauce. 

They have specialty drinks but there's no prices on the drink menu so FYI they may fluctuate.

Anyway, my servers name was "moo", a young kid but pretty cool. He was professional and worked fast. The main reason I'm writing this is to annotate how calm and professional he was with a nasty customer. Her and her boyfriend (50 year olds at least) came to the bar. The female walked up with an attitude and just started "barking" orders at him and when he made the drink she ASKED FOR, she got even ruder calling it nasty amongst other things. I just kept looking at her like wow. And "moo" kept his cool the whole time until she left. I gave him credit, he didn't let her piss him off or change his professionalism.
So got there prob around 9:30ish ... line was long but nothing too ridiculous, and I've been hearing about this place for a while so expected for it to be crowded. Surprisingly it was organized.. stood in line, order your food.. the cashier gave you a number and told you how long the wait would be( and my wait was just that ..about 30 min).. they call your number and you be on your way! No issues no problems

The food.... not that impressed, I ordered the crab legs,shrimp and mussels, w/ broccoli and corn. The best thing on my plate was the corn... the shrimp was over cooked the broccoli was under cooked.. and the sauce.. what is it? Fake butter.. idk I don't like it's too sweet or tangy, possibly the garlic it look like I had a whole minced garlic jar in my platter (and I love garlic) but this was toooooooo much. Idk what's in the sauce but it over powers the actual taste of the seafood. I mean I've tried it .. not my cup of tea ‍
Whew...Let's just say I spent $140 dollars in this place and ended up having to throw out ALL my sides & recook my seafood with seasonings at home just so I wouldn't be upset about wasting my money!!  Please do not waste your time coming here. You'll be better off getting seafood from a local spot! Very expensive and not worth the money.

So for starters, me and my Gf decided to come here on a rainy night because we love seafood. We haven't been out so we decided to treat ourselves. We walked in. It was crowded but we were seated fast. Brought some drinks. Ended up running into her cousins (4 females) so we asked if we could close the bill and move to the bigger table so we could all sit together. At this time, we only ordered drinks. We were told that we could NOT move together because it would "confuse" the other waiters. That confused me because how would we confuse them if we paid for everything we ordered before moving. Lol. They told us "no"...I asked the waiter if we should just forget about ordering food and just have a few drinks at the bar . She said yeah. Lol. I laughed because that said alot about the customer service. You'll rather lose money then simply seat your customers where they wanna sit...COOL! We just Said eff it at that point.

So we finally ordered food....DISGUSTING! But wait, My crab fries were all that tho! I did enjoy that one thing. I ordered the Alaskan crab legs, shrimp and veggies. It came out in all styrofoam containers. That's ghetto as h*ll for the prices we paid btw. It was like a seafood boil. NO FLAVOR AT ALL!! No seasonings. With a whole bunch of old bay sprinkled on top. My shrimp tasted dirty. My potatoes tasted like they literally picked them out a garden and put them straight in the seafood boil. I didn't even like the broccoli or corn. We chose the butter garlic sauce which was okay. I didn't want the special sauce (with sugar) beings tho I had a bad experience trying it before. Or maybe I just don't like their seafood. Lmao


Honestly, he should've just opened a bar. The "lounge" thing is a reach. I mean, the food is still nasty but at least you could just come and vibe and drink! This isn't a chill spot to dress up and turn up at!

IF YOU ARE A SEAFOOD LOVER, DO NOT COME HERE!! Try going to Berks crabs or even bravos seafood and pizza in Olney. They have really good seafood that is seasoned. Their sides be popping too! If anyone says this is good, I'll assume they grew up in a home that never cooked and ate hot dogs 5 days out the week lol
The address is 3622 N 17th St Philadelphia, PA 19140 But they will be returning to the 1700 address once it's repaired. It's all about the TANG SPECIAL BABY!!
Great customer service but that is about it. I ordered the Alaskan crab legs, mussels and a seafood salad. Whatever is in the sauce to make it sweet over powers everything and it's not a great taste at all. I was very tempted to trash my food. I assumed it was a regular garlic and butter sauce but it's other ingredients added into it. Seafood salad was very bland. I don't think I will ever eat here again.
Went there looking for the address listed and found out they have a temp location because the last one had a fire.

Thanks to their Instagram page we were able to find the temp location and get what we have been looking to get.

Lady taking orders was really nice, friendly and helpful understanding that this was out first time. 

I ordered 2 number 9's and my husband ordered the seafood fries. 

Over all very happy. This is a family owned business and much more support coming their way.
Been seeing this place all over Instagram so I decided  to try it. I heard there first place caught fire so the had to move not sure if it's true. The place is small so you order and go outside and wait. This place was jammed packed. Please have patience  your wait might be 30 mins or more. 
The fried shrimp were very tasty. Now these amazing seafood fries crab meat shrimp and this amazing sauce wow!
I will be going back even tho the wait is long you might get your food faster on a week day but the weekend just have patience
Quick , Seasoned and Reasonable pricing ! Literally my first time and I'm so glad that I stopped by. We ordered and our food was ready in 10mins! New favorite spot for seafood! Look at those pics ! Didn't get a chance take a picture of the sides but they were great as well!
Came from California, Orange County. We love seafood where I'm from! Saw them online on Instagram then Timothy DeLaGhetto shared them too! I was set and ready to get a taste. THE LEMON BUTTER SAUCE WITH RANCH is AMAZING. Don't get it without it. We bought 3-5 trays and I'm still daydreaming about them. 
 

Will be back! Can't wait!
The food was not worth the money AT ALL and the service was BAD, the shrimp on the crab fries were not seasoned and they are the frozen cocktail shrimp! The mussels had no flavor at all! They were so expensive and you did not get a good portion of food. Just don't waste your time. I felt like I was robbed.
Went there on a Thursday afternoon. It wasn't too packed. Order was ready in about 10-15 mins. I ordered the 2 clusters and shrimp with broccoli, potatoes and corn. For some reason my platter was missing potatoes but I had already drove 30 mins away until I realized, so there was no point in going back. Next time I'll check my platter before leaving so it's kinda my fault. Nonetheless, Everything was great. The sauce was everything! I really enjoyed it. The price point is a avg for any seafood spot. The service was also good. From what I saw they were very professional and the girl at the counter was polite. It's more of a grab and go spot but I hope in future they can expand into a full sit down restaurant. I will def be going back to try the seafood fries, since that seems to be popular. Very happy customer and will def recommend.
Nasty nasty nasty...too much garlic and throws the taste off. Had I known they over did it with the garlic, I would've told them not to add so much. I will say, they do give you a lot of shrimp and crabs; however, not worth it if the sauce is sweet and overpowered with garlic
Really, really, really wanted some seafood when I got back to the Philly area today. I had been eyeing Soulfedphilly for quite sometime, so why not give this place a try today?!

The Pros: 
1) The Gentleman who took my order was great. He repeated everything I asked for and confirmed my order then gave me the cost and a timeframe to pick-up my items. My order was pretty simple, two snow crab leg cluster platters with shrimp, broccoli , corn, and OH butter & garlic sauce. 

2) Didn't have to wait when I arrived. I paid for my food and was out the door in minutes. 

3) The platters were full of food and very heavy. 

The Cons: 
1) Not sure about the sauce that I saw on Instagram and yelp, but the sauce on my food was pure butter with minced garlic. My broccoli and shrimp were swimming in butter (it kinda looked like oil). It was A LOT of butter. I was surprised to see the consistency of the sauce bc in the photos online, the  sauce looks more like a butter sauce and not like oil. Food definitely needed some old bay to add flavor. The butter/oil was strong, so I couldn't  taste anything else. 

2) The shrimp were large, but not cleaned (you know what that means).

3) Corn was definitely overcooked. Not really tasty at all, more like two cobs of mush. 

I think Soulfedphilly deserves a solid 3 stars. Not sure if I would take that 31 min drive again though.
6424 Castor Ave, Phila., Pa... Great seafood in Northeast Philadelphia! This location has only been opened for a week so they still have a few minor kinks to get out. And I believe wholeheartedly they're going to be very successful. Besides the food, what was a pleasure was the interaction between the workers. They seem to have a genuine respect and love for each other. You don't see that too often in the restaurant business. The dining area, bathroom, bar and outside were all very clean. 
I ordered the crab legs/peel and eat shrimp combo with corn on the cob. My daughter ordered crab legs/mussels, peel and eat shrimp. I also ordered seafood fries and a fried seafood platter to take home. Delicious! All I can say is Delicious! I truly enjoyed my meal. My only suggestions would be for my food not to be drenched in the signature sauce. It wasn't bad but I know the next time, I would tell the cook that I only want light sauce. I enjoyed a coke soda with my meal. I just wished there were free refills on the non-alcoholic beverages. My soda was served in a small plastic cup. 
Anyway, Soulfedphilly is definitely a "hit" in Northeast Philly. The food was great! The atmosphere was great! Parking was great! Very clean! I see where it seems that they'll have a rear patio for seating soon! Very friendly and professional staff! I would definitely recommend and I will definitely patronize this establishment again. 
My bonus is that I can walk them from my house!
I really love the new place! It's spacious and clean. The bar is cool too and the drinks were VERY strong lol I had to add another whole cup of cranberry juice to mine lol. The food had a pretty good flavor also. My husband and I had the king crab legs which were great! My only issue is that they poured what seemed like an entire bottle of fake butter in our platter! My stomach is still hurting from it. If I go back, I'll probably just order the fried shrimp. Oh and we waited over an hour and a half before we got seated at a table. Not a bad experience at all, though
Soooooo where do i start??? Portion size...CHECK. Variety...CHECK. First let me start by saying, their garlic/butter sauce has a unique spin on it. It's more on the sweet/tangy side versus spicy Cajun. The food is good so if you're going on the evenings/weekends expect a wait and long line although the kitchen is very well staffed so the orders are produced quickly. My order was messed up before but upon notifying the owner it was quickly rectified. They now offer fried food which is a plus and their crab fries are AMAZING! I visit almost everyday for lunch and had everything from fries, to fish sandwich, to the shrimp, to the clusters. It's so hard choosing what to order because I want it all at once. LOL. Hopefully they think about adding "stuffed" selections and calamari soon.
Imma give this place 5 stars because the workers and owners spread positivity and good vibes. Very welcoming and polite ppl. I ordered the seafood fries and it was pretty good. The actual fries are top tier crispy, good amount of crab, shrimp was nice and plump. The creamy sauce was kinda underwhelming and overkill in my opinion, it needed some zing or spice. I asked for their garlic sauce and it amped up the flavors pretty well. A lot of ppl don't like their signature sauce, I personally think it could be better but for some reason I can't stop eating it. It's a combo of flavors that I'm not use to so I like it because it's "different"
I've been wanting to try their food for a while now. They're now in a bigger location on Castor ave. I went last Friday and ordered a number 9 which is 2 crab leg clusters, mussels, and shrimp with a choice of potatoes or corn and I also ordered seafood fries. It was a 15 minute wait for my food to come out. The seafood fries had 3 shrimp on the top and crab meat through out. There's a little spice to them (fries). There's a bunch of sauce on the number 9 it was a little sweet I couldn't catch the full taste of it, I just know it was good. Unfortunately I couldn't finish it all that night. I told my mother she could have some and came home from work and she took what was left of both my platters. My step father had the nerve to ask me where I got it from because it was so good. I will be going back for more and I won't be telling them.
I went to get take out at the new Castor Avenue location. The service was good, I waited about 15-20 minutes. I got the crab with shrimp platter that comes with corn OR potato. I got the potato and added broccoli for an additional fee (only $2 extra) the food was just ok in my opinion. I wasn't a fan of that butter garlic sauce, it was too sweet and it didn't taste like real butter for some reason. It could just be their special recipe. I'll go again to support this black business and will stick to fried foods.
Went to Soulfed's take out location on a Saturday around 4PM.  There were about 4-5 people ahead of us waiting for food. We ordered #8, #13, and two orders of seafood fries. Waited about 20 mins for everything. 
First time trying Soulfed and it did not disappoint!! The dungenuss crab clusters were super meaty and fresh! The mussels and Alaskan crab also tasted fresh and delicious. The buttery garlic sauce is to die for!!! The garlic in the sauce is pickled, so so good! 
The seafood fries had a generous amount of crab meat piled on the fries and three jumbo shrimps to top it off. I loved dipping the seafood fries in the buttery garlic sauce!
It was worth the hour wait. We went on a Sunday around 3:30. Great customer service. The only issue I had is that we weren't aware we can pick and choose sauces. They could have let us know. Food was great regardless. We were traveling back home on a 2 hour ride and the seafood fries lasted us the entire trip. It was that large of a portion.
Gross. Food looks appealing on social media but it's actually disgusting. Very creamy/soupy butter on the crab legs. Way too much butter, the crabs were literally swimming in it. The food wasn't hot so by the time i was half way through it wasn't appealing anymore. The sauce that they're "known for" didn't taste like anything. All I tasted was thick butter! Crabs were dry, maybe overco I wouldn't come back. They also don't have a working phone number to call for questions.
I give Soulfedphilly 3 stars.

The sauce is awesome but the shrimp are not deveined and the mussels are not cleaned well. I had a few hairy mussels.
Insanely good seafood with a unique twist on some classic dishes. Ignore the haters on here because this place is amazing. I live about 90 minutes outside Philly and after coming here I would make the drive in just to come here.

Staff was also super friendly and answered our questions. You can tell they love the food they're making and are passionate about every item that leaves here.
I was hype to finally make it here and hmm I was slightly disappointed. I came for happy hour with my mom and sister so we kinda got a lil of everything. The drinks were good and priced well. The buffalo wings and fries were really good. We also got mussels and crabs in their butter sauce. The seafood itself was good but the sauce was sweet and we weren't fans of it. We also got broccoli,potatoes and corn on the cob. The veggies were good except you could tell that the corn was frozen not fresh. Overall I would probably come back but try the seafood with a different sauce or maybe just with plain old bay.
The food here is amazing. Full of flavor and definitely worth the price. I would definitely recommend sharing if you order crab legs and shrimp because the portion is more than generous. My friend and I ordered the seafood fries and they were tasty and hearty. 

Multiple times throughout my meal I had different serves ask me if I need anything and how was I enjoying the meal. This was greatly appreciated. I would definitely come back here when in the area.
Everyone is raving about this spot on the internet my husband and I tried out the clusters with broccoli and potatoes the seafood is ok nothing extraordinary we have actually tasted way better places not the mention the broccoli was over cooked best place spot to us is uncles on broad st
This spot has been blowing up on Instagram! My friend actually send me this place to check it out. It's like a mom and pop store so it's not that big inside. I'm not a big fan of seafood but since I've been hearing non stop about it I had to check it out. I think the shop had a lot of open space to have seats and tables, they only had yellow bar stools. I order #55 7 clusters with shrimp and seafood fries. I enjoyed  the seafood shrimp only! It had crab meat with a white sauce which was good.The shrimp had their shell on it and I'm not use to a high salt content so I did not enjoy the butter sauce which was all over the crab and shrimp . I think that I could have just went with the seafood fries with the crab meat and been somewhat satisfied . Presentation was okay .I was expecting something elaborate.
I ate from this place a few times now and the food is GOOOOOOOODDD. You get a very nice portion of everything. I got the snow crabs,shrimp ,broccoli and potatoes. The butter is a different taste than what I'm used to as it tastes a little sweet . Overall if I'm in the NE I'm going here for seafood .
Definitely hyped up. Last time i went the 'hostess' ignored us, and then once addressed, proceeded to tell us the wait would be thirty minutes and we could sit in our car until they called us. 
Good thing we left because we never got a call.
Ive been to Soulfed several times...Ive had some great meals there and some not so good meals there and that's why I can't give them any higher than 3 stars they are inconsistent. I was so excited to support a black owned business but because I've had some meals there that lacked seasoning, the customer service was just ok, and they are not responsive to messages and calls from customers I have to give 3 stars. I've had the shrimp and crab leg platter, seafood fries, and tang special. I've tried the OG sauce...when its good it's great but depending on the cook for the day it can taste like bland oil. I've also had the Bag sauce which sometimes is flavorful but other times is inedible because its too spicy, the waitress told me the flavor depends on who makes it. Im just disappointed because I paid $40 for one meal just for me and I feel this place is too expensive to be inconsistent
SoulfedPhilly is the best trending food in Philly. With its popularity growing in the social media platform, I had to go see this place myself.  So, lets start with the bad.  The bad would have to be the current temporary space and how the waiting time to order and pickup is a bit lengthy.  The good/great/unique and must order is The SEAFOOD FRIES!!!.  Definitely going back to this place for more seafood fries and the wait is worth the meal.
My husband grabbed platters from here for dinner as a surprise for me and I was sadly disappointed.  The sauce is way to thick. I actually prefer garlic butter so that I can at least taste my seafood.  I couldn't even taste the delicate taste of seafood that I craved for.  The sauce had a kick to it, which is okay but it also had a slight sweet taste that I didn't care for.  We got muscles, shrimp and Alaskan for about $30. I wouldn't mind the price, but the Alaskans were the baby crab legs you see in the market when they offer you three sizes to choose from.  Come on, this is seafood...at least go grande!  I'll stick to my butter garlic sauce. Maybe you can offer that too and upgrade your crab leg sizes and then you might be on to something.  Best of luck to this business.
This place is far out but the food is great. We had the fish sandwich, seafood fries, crab clusters, mussels, shrimp and veggies. It was really good. The fries were out favorite. The sauce was delicious. It's pretty heavy so we probably will only go a few times a year but it was a great experience.
Great food at a great price. I love shrimp a c boy did I get a lot. My cashier was nice and friendly and I can't wait for them to open up more locations !
Hands down worth the drive from Columbus NJ to Philly PA....can't wait until they open their sit down this will be a favorite spot!
So i decided to take a road trip down to Philadelphia from new york. OMG the food is to die for. The customer service was fantastic. The sauce the seasoning omg was worth the 2hr drive. You must try everything on the menu. But those loaded fries are the killer item to get. I will definitelyyyyyyy be going back for more. The only downside is at the moment its takeout only. But in 2mths the new location will be open so you will have a place to sit. Fyi there is alwayssssss a line so expect to wait.
Food was good. Great music. I just wish they had more on the menu. Their alcoholic slushees are pretty tasty. Those crab and shrimp fries were the best!
Where can I start. The customer service was slacking. I show the guy what I wanted. I told him I was from Jersey and I was recommended to come here. 

 Despite showing him what I wanted they still manage to get my order wrong. I got home and opened the bag because everything was tied up. The receipt was fine because they sent it to me through text message but I opened my bag and it's the wrong name one of the containers. 

The flavor of the sauce was not that good and all the meat was overcooked. I was really disappointed so I went back to the friend who told me about this place and they said it was my fault for going to the hood at 9 PM to get food. 

He said I should've went earlier to get better food. Yeah if I have to go at a certain time to get food, good food at that, then the place probably shouldn't be around.
This establishment used to be a bar called Bobos. I loveee what they did to the place. It was so nostalgic to be in there because that used to be my neighborhood bar.

Theres comfy booths and tvs everywhere which is perfect for game night.

Our server was nice however the service was spotty. It took about 15-20mins for her to take our order. We ordered 2 seafood fries ($15/pc), fried whiting ($5), snow crabs (1lb $22), and a platter with crabs and mussels with potatoes. Then she was MIA for a while throughout our time there.

It took maybe 15mins for 1 order of fries and the snow crabs to come out. It took almost 30mins for my friend's crabs and mussels to come out. They also forgot our 2nd order of fries but we didn't even want the 2nd order at that point. Also they don't have crackers for their crabs! I've never been to a seafood restaurant that didn't have crackers.

Also everything is served in to go platters so don't think they made a mistake in thinking your order was for carryout.

The food itself was well seasoned and tasty. I enjoyed everything. This place has lots of potential but just needs some minor improvements. I wouldn't mind coming back but I'll just have to bring my own crackers lol
Hands down one of the best seafood places in Philly! soulfedphilly is totally worth all the money! I had the #6 platter (2 clusters and shrimp 9oz) and the seafood fries. Most places that I've gone to has the few sprinkles of crab meat on their "crab fries" but soulfed packed on the crab and shrimp! The sauce is addicting, we did not want to waste one drop of it! We will definitely be back!!
I came here on the whim with my girlfriends on a Saturday night. Definitely a busy night to go there. The wait was an hour & they called us within that timeframe which was good. We got sat at a back corner table which was nice & out of the way. It can get pretty cramped pretty quick as it is a tight and small space. Our server was kind. She did her best to be quick and prompt given it was a super busy night. We spilled our drink and other servers were more than accommodating and helped. It did take a bit to get the drinks so thank goodness I had a water in my purse. 
Food: the food comes out in foam containers and doubled steam bags. I got the OG sauce which is a buttery garlic. This is where it went left for me. I LOVE butter and I LOVE garlic. But this butter was unsalted I'm guessing because it was bland and therefore added no flavor to my mussels and crabs. The garlic was sporadic and when I was able to taste it, it did help. I really wish there was some old bay, salt, something bc I don't like bland seafood. They do however give large portions which was nice bc I brought the rest home and had my salted butter and garlic. But having corn on the cob with some horrible butter did not sit well. The corn just seemed oily then. So I'm  now wondering  if it was butter or margarine. Hhmmm. We shared the seafood fries at the table. They were alright. I enjoyed the white sauce, it was just something odd about them.I eventually ordered the Iced tea and it was a heart attack waiting to happen. It was Lipton tea with a ton of sugar in it just like back in the younger days. It was a Heart attack that I drowned. But if you don't like sweet sweet kool-aid tea, then don't order it. 
Ambiance- it's definitely an experience. Def for the culture. Not a quiet place. Def lively and fun to people watch. A server smooth cursed her table out next to us. And then security & what not had to come over. If you're not able to just find entertainment in the shenanigans then this is not the place for you. I'm debating on returning because I do think maybe they just had an oops night on the OG sauce.
But I have to do 3 stars bc my main course: crab legs and mussels needed better seasoning. That's what I came for: food.
The food is delicious and the staff are amazing. New location is 3622 North 17th St. Philadelphia PA. Definitely worth the visit. I'll be visiting again real soon
Great customer service and sauce was GREAT!!! Crab legs a little over done, but generous portions.  Hopefully, they will add more seating in the future.  Will definitely be back.
After seeing this restaurant posted all over social media we decided to give it a try, needless to say this was our first and last time. The seafood fries were ok, the secret sauce that they use was way too over powering. My husband said the mussels were ok but the crab legs were overcooked.
Very loud music, to the point you can't even hear the person next to you. This a restaurant not a club! If you going for the brunch specials you can't order one mimosa it has to be unlimited 30 dollars ? So if I ordered two that fifteen dollars per mimosa- not very rational . Also when I came the room was empty and I asked to be seated by the wall , but the hostess said no- so they do not accommodate your seating preferences. They didn't have the drinks that were on the menu because they were out of limes, then I guy comes by with a bag of limes !!! We were sitting at the table for 20 minutes, no water or the drinks we ordered. If the staff wasn't so busy dancing and talking then they could provide service to the customer. Also the food does not come on plates and there is silverware . Now With all that said the food is amazing ,so the suggestion is to order to go !
Whew,
where shall I begin 
First of all I only wish they had an option of 10 stars because that's exactly what they deserve 

The young lady that took my order was smiling and friendly, (customer service) that's always a plus for me
The actual place is not much of a looker but it's comfortable.........
We immediately knew that we would order the seafood fries (battered fries topped with claw crab meat, 3 jumbo shrimp and a ranch old bay seasoning sauce, my husband said it was mayonnaise but I DONT eat mayo and never will soooooooo it definitely WAS NOT MAYO.
They were really good and definitely filling.
Then we ordered a whiting fish sandwich. I usually stay away from whiting fish because it's always previously frozen and you can tell because it tastes hard and nasty and that skin thing is always black and rubbery. Ewwww
But I trusted Soulfedphilly after looking at other yelp reviews and I ordered my own. Boy o boy I was pleasantly pleased to say that this had to be the BEST whiting sandwich i can remember having in a long time!!!
It was 2 big pieces of fish that was so meaty and thick and that black skin that I was talking about.....it was crunchy and GOOD
Don't think I'm being greedy but I could not leave without getting a cluster of crab legs with that sauce
When I say GOOD LORD
The lord definitely Blessed the hands that made them thangs because WOW!!!!
My whole experience was WONDERFUL 
I can't wait to return 
If you like Seafood you should definitely make this trip you will not be sorry. Trust Me 
I know Good food
I would've given a full 5 stars but my sausage was not included in my order when it was delivered, and I paid extra for the sausage. I always gave 4 stars because of the sauce. It was different but in a good way. A bit too salty for my taste but it was rather unique for classic seafood. I also didn't like that the shrimp were not cleaned (deveined) well. All in all I would order again. The platter was filled to the brim.
I eat from here all the time the food is always amazing the wait is terrible but the food is awesome. I have been going to him since he has been cooking out of his house. I hope he plans to open a bigger location and I cannot wait to dine in but the sauce, the fried food, the vegetables are all amazing.
I was in town visiting and Soul Fed was on my "Yelp bucketlist" so I dragged myself over there. We rode over by love park and ate so it was piping hot but im certain it wouldve been hitting if it was hot. Either way I ate it all. My cousin had the same thing and didnt eat all her. Talkin about throw it away because she didnt wanna carry it back home. Chile i wish u would waste some food lol. And i managed not to have to wait in a long line. Placed the order as soon as i got there and waited bout 25 minutes and was out.

Also bring latex!!!! I didnt think of it before hand but once i started eating im like damn. Latex would be everything right now. Messy situation.
Cracked crabs and trap music. YAAAASSSSS! I love this place. The sauce got that drip drip....OMG it's so good. Mix drinks made with henny too! Not enough good things to say about this place. You need to try itt!!! If not for the crabs, for the culture
Food was amazing. I had the crab fries and fried whiting. Staff was very nice. I would certainly go back and I also recommend.
I ordered the seafood combo with garlic butter sauce and it wasn't bad. I did not like that it was huge potatoes in my seafood boil. Would have liked them smaller. My husband got the hot flavor and it said it was really salty. Not sure if I would go back
First time having their food and it def stands up to what I've been hearing. Not sure what's in their special sauce but it was amazing. So happy they have a location in NE Philly located on Castor Ave. I purchased the crabs and shrimp combo, crabs w/ muscles and shrimp for my daughter and my sister got the pound of crabs with 2 sides which total to alittle over $100 which wasn't bad at all when u see how much food u get. And the cherry on top is that it's black owned!! Already have plans to eat in with a few friends next week.
Food is always great and although very busy service is okay. Order the seafood fries. But prepare to have sauce everywhere lol.
Been here twice once at the original location and once at the new lounge.  Similarities: Sauce, was the same both times.  I can't put my finger on it but something is oddly off about the butter that gives it a sweet unpleasant taste.   Quantity, both times I received large portions.  Now here is where the differences come in and I mean they are different.  Service, the original location had amazing service with the food presented appropriately for a take out restaurant.  We ordered one of the large trays with 8 Dungeness crabs and 1lb of shrimp and 1lb of mussels.  Everything was wrapped tightly in an aluminum pan and made it easy for my family and I to share.  Service at the lounge much different, the idea that my food at a sit down restaurant is being served in styrofoam containers is still a reach.  My friend and I ordered a few things to share and found ourselves shifting containers back and forth across the table .  The food and weird butter became cold very quickly although it came out from the kitchen in ideal time.  The young man making the drinks seemed confused when we ask for ice like it was a foreign concept.  I guess he only specialized in their signature drinks.  Overall I am proud of these young people for starting something unique I think a little more time cultivating their idea will get their star rating up.  Last piece of advice,  deliver what you advertise.  We came into the lounge during an Eagles game as the Instagram page stated they would be running a special for $60 the server was clueless and one of the managers finally said it didn't start yet????? Did it ever start?
They give you a nice amount of food and some things are excellent but I ended up throwing out $60 dollars worth of crabs due to the fake yellow butter used on the broccoli and crabs!..It does not melt like real butter and does not have a good taste to it..At least give the option of real butter even if you charge extra!!Their new place looks very nice but I haven't been in there to stay to yet ..Only did take out..PLEASE USE REAL BUTTER!!!..Then you'll be right on point!!
My only complain is that they can overcook the food, so my shrimps are always overdone. I've been there 6x. The sauce is great and their drinks are to die for! I definitely go there for the drinks.
Wow, food is more than decent! The music is loud ans they were playing RNB Hits, which was a vibe. Went on a Sunday evening around 5pm and it was very packed. I recommend getting there early. Ordered the crab fries, crawfish with quail eggs, green mussels, fried shrimp, and wings. Food was soo delicious! Everything is in togo plates, which is okay but i would improve on the flavor for the seafood. There was no spice; i ordered the spiciest flavor and yet all i tasted was butter, oil,  and garlic. I even asked the waitress to bring me hot sauce; as a true cajun, I was disappointed. With a new sauce and better training for staff, i believe this place can be phenomenal. Overall, the wings made up for it... get them, so flavorful and the crab fries was unbelievable. Besides the spicy factor, highly recommend. Finally, there is a bar in the lounge area and plenty of seating. As for parking, there is a parking lot available as well.
Food is good but I had to wait outside for over an hour while the food just sat on the counter and got cold. There were at least 20 orders sitting there ready and getting cold, and 25 ppl standing outside waiting on their order. By the time ppl got their food it was cold! There was 1 person taking orders while the rest of the staff behind the counter (who could have been handing people their food so they could go) Just standing around doing nothing!  The service is HORRIBLE!! I'm all for supporting black businesses, but the service here is some bull****!
This is my GO TO spot for seafood! The vibe is GREAT! They can get really crowded and it can be a little too loud if you're wanting to converse with whomever you're with but overall, the food, the sauce AND the drinks I just absolutely love! My goal is to try a little bit of everything on the menu lol. I recommend this place to anyone who loves a good seafood platter with some great music and some awesome drinks.
The food was amazing!! Would definitely eat here again I just wish they had better customer service! Maybe they'll get it together in 2020
I literally visit soulfed twice a month maybe 3-4. I'm 23 the vibe is everything nice music friendly waitress good drinks the strawberry henny was great! I get the same thing every time crab legs , shrimp potatoes & an egg! YES an egg that OG sauce w/ that egg is most perfect combination don't knock it til you try it !
I saw Soulfed Philly on someone's food blog during a casual stroll down my Facebook timeline. I love seafood as I have stated in many other reviews so when I came to Philly I knew this was going to be a stop to be made. We originally went to the old location since the yelp information was outdated. With a quick google search we were able to find them a few minutes down the street. The stop we went to was takeout so you definitely want to keep that in mind so you will have arrangements made on where you plan to eat it at once you order. They are about to open a new location that will have seating at the beginning of August so keep an eye out for it. We ordered the #6 it can with 2 clusters of Alaskan crab legs and a good portion of shrimp. We also had broccoli and cord added to ours as well. for $40+ dollars it was plenty of food for two people and we brought our appetites. We weren't able to finish it all and trust me we tried. The food was made to order so it was nice and hot when we started eating. They don't skimp on the seasoning or the butter so there was a healthy amount of flavor on everything that came in the combo. We also ordered lemonade and the cups were huge. Actually perfect and refreshing during the 100+ temperature we had that day. The cashier was very nice and so were the cooks in the back. I felt like all of them really cared about our order and making sure we were happy with what we had. They made it a point to cater to us and that always says something about an establishment to me because in my eyes customer service can erase little minor issues you may have had in the back of your mind. I'll definitely come back and try the new spot out after it opens based on my good experience this go round. Check them out in North Philly if you get a chance.
The Tang's Special was AMAZING! It's the seafood fries (we had them spicy) with two pieces of fried fish, six fried shrimp, and two slices of white bread. Neither of us could finish our order. The lemon butter ranch sauce on the seafood fries will have you trying to get it in a jar to go. They don't skimp on the crab meat or shrimp on the fries. We drove from Brooklyn over to North Philly to check this spot out after catching it on JL Jupiter's YouTube channel. He told it right and if you haven't been yet, you need to make moves.
My man John took great care of us. That Tang Special is popping. Compliments to the chef!! 

Shrimp is always very goo;d, especially the fried shrimp.
Came by for lunch and left w/a$70 bill (seafood fries, 2 drinks, order of crab legs). The seafood fries were really good although I prefer the crab fries more. The crab legs were okay, we asked for the sauce on the side because when we've come in the past, they've used entirely too much sauce on the crab legs. 

The drinks were very good and strong. 

We sat in the lounge where they have several TV's, full bar and music playing.  Service was good and wait staff was attentive to our table. 

This location is on Caster Ave.  Decent place for seafood, good drinks and music. Wish they had a happy hour menu, I'd come by more frequently.
