Well, I never thought I'd eat sweetbreads. And, for the record, they are neither sweet nor bread. But I did. And I lived and managed to feel worldly to boot.

Recently 6 of us dined here in the teeny tiny back room (there's a patio that would be lovely to sit at but alas, it was pouring that night) and ate so much that we could barely move afterwards. My favorite was the scallops, which were made to perfection. Make sure to save room for dessert, too - whatever the chocolate thing I had blew my mind!

But this review wouldn't be complete without saying that the service was the BEST I've ever had in the city. Our waiter was amazing and made sure nobody went thirsty, hungry or without an amusing story. So to that I say 5 stars to both the bar AND the restaurant!
After having drinks with some of my favorite people after the Yelp Elite Event at Sonam the other night I will publicly declare that the bar at Southwark is probably my favorite cocktail bar in Philadelphia. Yes, I said it. It's just that f'ing amazing.

It's an intimate space (ok, we all know that means tiny, but whatev, that's not the point) but it exudes charm and good, positive energy. The bartenders know their stuff for sure - as Bill M. pointed out, they have an amazing selection of microbrews, which is usually what I drink without a doubt, but when you come here, you come for a cocktail. My girls and I all went for the "Mary Pickford," a sweet concoction of rum, maraschino liquor, pineapple and grenadine. And listen up, people. They don't skimp on the good stuff. Or the service, which is unheard of at a bar these days.

I heart this place so much that I'm making a special trip out on Saturday night just so I can show it off. The bar at Southwark is just that kind of place - you want to keep the secret for yourself but it's just so fine, you feel like you're letting your loved ones down if you don't share. 

I hear the restaurant is amazing and comes highly recommended not only by national foodie magazines but also Yelpers and friends who are adventurous eaters and lovers of local, fresh ingredients. Can't wait to try it for myself. Hope I can get a Mary Pickford inside the restaurant!
This place just keeps getting better. At first, I thought it was all about the cocktails and now I've come to find out they give other brunch spots in town a run for their money. 

1pm on a Sunday and Southwark had no wait and a private outdoor courtyard for my friend and I to sit and eat and gossip. Considering we were the only outdoor diners, our guilty confessions of nights past went unnoticed. 

The eggs benedict was absolutely perfect and my friend's chipped beef was creamy, eggy, and awesome. We also shared the shrimp ceviche special (soooo good). The food was fantastic, the service excellent, and the outdoor setting on a sunshiny day is a real plus. 

I have to find out what coffee they use, it was some of the best I've had...and the sugar cubes gave it the finishing touches. This is my new foolproof brunch go to.
This is, remarkably, Philadelphia's best kept secret.  You would think that word would travel faster and the place would be cramped.  But the lack of trendy yuppies that tend to order Pomegranate Martinis contributes to the appeal.  Kip, the bartender and co-owner along with his wife, Sheri, the chef, is an old-school bad ass with a penchant for gin and rye whiskey.  Ask him to help you expand your horizons and he will happily oblige.  Just don't ask him for a Mojito.  

The food is not to be outdone, especially for the price.  There are ritzier places in town that charge over $50 per entree that do not exceed the quality here, with a price cap of $28.  An emphasis on Buy Fresh, Buy Local assures crisp salads, refreshing soups, and in general an inventive menu.  Bear Stew?  'Nough said.
For cocktails, this is the place to beat in Philly. Fantastic pre and post prohibition cocktails. Their "Corpse Reviver" is the one to beat. Plus, they have a very nicely edited wine and beer list. Love the fact that they have real malmsey behind the bar. Very cool indeed.

As for the menu, the kitchen has routinely been outstanding. The owner has stepped out of the kitchen, which was a shame. I loved her food. Whenever I would travel to Italy and France, this was the only place I could eat for a few weeks. Everything else tasted like white paste in comparison to what I had been eating in Europe. Her food was that good.

Their choice in a new chef was fantastic, and the food, albeit different, is just as good. In fact, it may even be more consistent. It used to be that the food was excellent except on weekends when the kitchen seemed to fall apart a bit. That has changed, and now the restaurant is one of the very best in Philadelphia. I strongly recommend this before hitting a Garces or Starr joint.
Sent to a neighborhood with no parking to meet friends for dinner, they promptly found an un-timed, un-metered spot and had time to peruse an independant record store.
Forced to slog though a thunderous down pour, they dashed through the door of Southwark.
There were drinks, and sitting in the well appointed dining room, they had a delicious meal.

I love it when a plan comes together.
My girlfriend and I are not from philadelphia; we sought this bar out after hearing great things about their cocktails.  When we entered, we were told that the bar was at capacity, and that we should come back in about 10 minutes.  The bartender was a bit curt about it, but that was ok: we appreciate a place that doesn't allow standing, and we didn't mind waiting outside.  

After 5-10 minutes, we saw a couple leave the restaurant, so we went back in.  This time the bartender was simply obnoxious.  Evidently the couple left a dinner table, and not the bar, so they were still at capacity, and he didn't like having to repeat himself.  "If we had room, I would come out and beg you to come in, but we don't."  We were both a little stunned: we went back outside to discuss what to do.  Neither of us had any faith he intended to come find us when there was space, and he made it very clear that he didn't want us checking in again on our own.  We tried finding somewhere nearby, figuring we'd try again an hour later, but we don't know the area and didn't have any success.  We just gave up and headed back towards Rittenhouse Square, where we were staying.  We found several, far more welcoming places there.  

I don't care if the cocktails are spectacular: we were treated with complete disrespect.  He could have suggested a place to wait, taken my phone number, or, at the very least, been friendly about their inability to accommodate us.
Inside, Southwark has a great ambience. The bar is inviting looking and intimate. That's where the good experience stops.

The pretentiousness of the bartenders in my experience last week was ironic, in that not only did they spend zero time focusing on customer service the drinks they poured were sub-par. An old fashioned in a tiny glass filled to the brim with crushed ice for $12 isn't artisan, isn't cool - it's just lame.

The bar tender in-chief reminded us three times that all six of us weren't welcome to sit at the bar as he wanted to keep it open for more customers. That said another bar tender set us up at a table, but that didn't stop the first bar tender from coming over two more times to remind us we couldn't sit at the bar with our party of six ... the bar remained uninhabited for the 30 minutes we were there.

All this came after we were warned about this place. So shame on us for not listening. 

My recommendation to management would be to give a lesson in customer service on all fronts: your bar tenders are pretentious and rude, your drinks are watered down and severely over-priced, particularly given the quality of them (do we live in NYC?), and it's a shame, because Southwark SHOULD be a great neighborhood watering hole, but I suppose there was a reason it was next to empty on a Saturday night ... people can make or break a place. I see a lot of 5-star reviews, and I'm glad others had a good experience, but I won't be returning to Southwark and I won't recommend anyone to go. 

Poor service. Poor cocktails. Rude bartender.
Far and away the best cocktail bar in the city.... everyone who hits up Southwark for a classic drink leaves feeling like they were in the bar scene of a Bogart movie... even the lighting is retro and flattering. 

Food here, as others have noted, is intensely local and seasonal.... a grilled peach salad in the heighth of summer was glorious.   It's slightly expensive but worth it.  Farm-to-table is a nice idea for most, but Sherry is very serious about her craft and what she feeds you. 

Oh, the habitues... clientele ranges quite a bit because of South Street proximity... tatooers and piercers, servers and slayers... dancers and their retinues.   It can get very crowded so go early - they are strangely not cool with people standing up drinking.  Maybe it's a fire code or something. 

P.S. Southwark is the original name of the neighborhood, before it became Queen Village, Society Hill or whatever.
Downgrade, why you may ask?  

-The service not as good and well informed as in the past
-Chilled asparagus soup  with a dollop of ricotta was nothing special
-The escargot app with ham skewer was OK, the ham overtook the escargot flavor and there were only two escargot in the dish.  The pickled shallot was amazing but the parsley mayo was ehh.
-For entrees, the steamed cod in oregano broth, with dandelion greens and tomato red onion jam was a five star dish.  The cod melted in your mouth.
And I tasted the chicken confit tart, I thought was a good light summer dish, the chilled pea salad served with it was wonderful.

I have to sit at the bar there, albeit it was a lovely evening to sit outside and we did.  The bar crowd and the bartender just seem so happy to be there and welcome you, but the server...not so much.
As my husband and I left the restaurant we agreed that this was the worst dining experience that we had experienced in the last four years.

On Friday night we were trying to figure out where to grab dinner.  Again, we wanted to try someplace new - somehow, this restaurant popped up on my yelp radar and with the solid 4-5 star reviews, we figured why not.

Let's start off w/ the drinks.  Now I know that we are a tad spoiled by the genius mixed drinks at Hop Sing Laundromat, but the drinks (Old Fashioned and Sidecar) were truly horrific.  As a rule, we usually don't leave a drop in our cocktail glasses - however it only took a few sips for us to realize that any additional sips were just not worth the caloric intake.  We ordered mussels for our appetizer, not bad - but also not amazing.  For our entrees we stomached the chicken and oyster stuffing platter and the fetuccini.  Both dishes were reminiscent of a hotel wedding or conference meal.

Off night Southwark?!?
i went to southwark months ago, and i felt a little bit weird posting a review...because it wasn't 5 stars and everyone else's was.  i wanted to go along with the crowd!  i didn't feel like part of the in crowd if i didn't post 5 stars.

but f it.  here goes.  southwark is a totally cute place.  extensive selection of drinks, and an extensive collection of people.  

so we got into trouble early on.  my date for the evening pulled up an extra bar stool from one of the high tops.  apparently bartender with scary facial hair was not too pleased with that decision, despite the fact that everyone else made room for him.  and since that moment on, he hated us.

food looked tasty, but i didn't have any.  i'll probably be back, hopefully with a better bartender...or stop causing a ruckus.
I love Southwark because it makes me feel sophisticated without having to be. I can lounge by a classic wooden bar while drinking a snazzy Manhattan and talking politics. But I can do it in a T Shirt while people talk about The Ramones and someone draws a dog. And to me that is awesome!

Went here for the first time after the Elite Event last night (Thanks again Carrie!) and I have to say that it was nothing short of amazing.They had a grand variety of micro brews on tap. But what stands out is the fact that it's the only bar outside of Nodding Head that has beer from Nodding Head on tap! But definitely try their Bloody Mary's. might just be the best that I ever had in all of it's spicy glory.

Can't comment on the food yet, aside from hearing their brunches are supposed to be good. But I look forward to being able too. The great staff and classy setting make this spot more than worth going too.
this is how bars should be.  drinks made with care, attention to service, and banter with the bar-keep.  

my friend and i first had an Old Fashioned and a Manhanttan, then moved on to more ingredients, but the same careful preparation...the Ramos Gin Fizz and the Dark 'n Stormy® .  I really dig the shaken egg white drinks (i had one at Apothecary too).  

and i dug the bartenders, who i believe were the owner and long time bar keep.  AND if i would have eaten there, i would have dug the food too...the steamed clams and roasted potatoes smelled DELICIOUS.  AND if i say "dig" and other hip terms again, maybe i'll be transported back to Southwark age...that's my hope.
Couldn't really figure out where we wanted to go on a Friday night, ended up making a last-minute reservation at Southwark just to try it out.

The place was jam-packed when we got there but we were seated since we had reservations.  The overall ambiance was nice, and the service was even nicer.  The waitstaff here don't seem like your usual part-timers who do it for some extra money on the side.  Actually, the service was, imo, better than the food.  But the food was very good, as well.  

We split a starter course of pasta with mushrooms, artisanal cheese, and a poached egg.  That was interesting and quite good.  
The roasted potatoes were okay, but what really stood out was one of the special salads of the night, a scallop and watermelon-radish salad.  The scallops were some of the best I've had the world over.  

Ended with a duck entree which my boyfriend had.

We also had a few beers that we'd been having some trouble finding elsewhere.  All and all, the total bill was surprisingly low for a Friday night dinner with drinks.  Wouldn't hesitate to go back.
Date says, pick someplace small and cozy. I say, it's 20' but feels like -24' and I don't want to go far from home. After consulting some neighborhood boozers and mulling my options, Southwark was the chosen destination for a few beers and a light bite on a late(ish) Saturday night. Easily grabbing seats at the bar close to the door afforded perfect people watching, but was still quiet enough to have a conversation without being a part of the larger dining section of the restaurant. We each had two beers off of their fairly diverse list and shared a farmhouse plate off the late-night menu. When I say this plate was a work of art, I don't think I'm really doing it justice; what we were greeted with was a beautiful display of artisnal cheeses, meats, fruit, olives, nuts, and homemade grilled bread. If you really want to see what this thing looked like, take a look at their website and there it is front and center. While I can't remember everything presented on the dish, standouts were absolutely the bleu cheese and pork shoulder selections. Date didn't like olives, though I managed to get him to try one just to confirm, in the end I swapped him for the marcona almonds (?) and worked our way through our late night eats.

Aside from this particular evening and our limited menu exploration, my only other visit to Southwark was months ago for the Blue Belly BBQ preview night which I was lucky enough to attend with Steve W. This has always been one of his favorite neighborhood spots and for good reason, the rest of the menu looked fantastic and will be placed on my "high-priority" list of restaurants to get back to sooner rather than later. Service was great, ambiance even better, and knockout menu make this a true Queen Village standout.
If you're anything like me, you've always wanted to be in a bar similar to the one at the Overlook Hotel (from The Shining). Whenever I step into Southwark, I'm there, at the Overlook Hotel, sans Jack Nicholson. 

The owner's name is Kip and he has a very long, orange beard - it suits him and his establishment. They specialize in classic cocktails and have the most extensive rye whiskey collection in Philly. Try the Rittenhouse Rye if you can (pricey but worth the splurge). The rye has no local ties, but it's absolutely fantastic. My favorite cocktails include, the Sazarac, Clover Club, Manhattan, Old Fashioned and I really like how they let you pick your potion (typically whiskey or gin). If you want to be respected (who doesn't), you shouldn't ask for anything with vodka in it; a martini in its truest sense was made with gin, not vodka. But it's ok if you do want a vodka cocktail because they're really unpretentious.

Southwark is a great bar to experiment with old cocktails made right. They'll show you there's more to drinking than a sour apple martini.
My ideal restaurant is not a place to be seen but rather a place to eat inspired foods in a smaller, intimate space.  Yesterday evening was my second visit to Southwark and the visit was most excellent - ideal, I'd say.

George was a gracious host and a fine server.  He took time to explain the long list of specials and affirm our selections.   My wife started with a dirty martini.  Myself, a sweeter "Martinez cocktail."  We split a savory veal/caramelized onion/stinky cheese tart (forget which cheese) served with a side of spring greens.  She had the sturgeon with turnip "tator tots.  I had the calves liver in a slightly saucy base - good base, fresh liver taste and texture without the irony aftertaste or chewy profile.  

The food was delicious and meticulously served.  The service was personal and consistent all night long.  We ended on a sweet note with a bread pudding dessert, al a mode.  I'd be remiss to not mention that the fabulous ambiance - turn of the century building with a beautiful bar, sparse yet warm decor, white table cloths, fresh cut orchids at each candlelit table.  Reasonable at $110 before tips for 3 stiff drinks, appetizer, 2 entrees and desert.

I can't think of how the meal could have been better.  Bravo Southwark!
The soup, containing "flavors of shepherd's pie," transported me immediately after consuming the first spoonful. One second, I was surrounded by the horrible parking and cold rain that has come to represent a night out on South street...the next second, I was an all-powerful shepherd, with a grand walking stick and a keen eye for sick livestock. (Editor's Note: Brad P. initially misspelled shepherd and wrote it as shepard...thanks Mass Effect). 

In my soup-induced haze, I raised generations of sheep. I put food on the table for my family. I built a fire. I woke up from this fever dream back in Philadelphia. I was back in Southwark.

Other noteable items include:
* The best scotch egg I've ever had.
* Perfectly cooked sweetbreads
* A stunning panna cotta dessert
* Mushrooms over yorkshire pudding - holy crap this was perfect.

The cocktails are clever and delicious. I guess you could say I like Southwark.
My new favorite place in the city. I had brunch here on Sunday and can't stop thinking about it.   It was an absolutely perfect experience. The food was "Oh My God" amazing. We started with the Oysters and Caviar, Seafood Salad , the Peach Salad and the Goat Cheese. The oysters were the freshest I have had, and the Goat cheese dip was so good I was angry that I had to share it :)
  We all ordered Eggs benedict for our main course, and if I hadn't wanted the homemade mint chocolate chip ice cream sandwich so badly, I would have ordered a second Eggs Benny.

Favorite drinks... Mary Pickford or the Dark and Stormy. Really good wine list as well.  Red and white Bordeaux by the glass.


I can't wait to go back. I am thinking of moving to Queen Village just to be closer!
Had a bad experience when we checked out Southwark. The Manhattans at Southwark were (surprisingly) very watery. I imagine it's not usually the case, but when we told the bartenders that our drinks had come out a watery, they replied thatthey make hundreds of Manhattan, had won awards for them, and that nothing could possibly be wrong with them. No offer was made to remake. No other option was offered. We felt forced to ask for the check and to leave.  While we did not drink the drinks, no drink was taken off the check. 

It was the bad service that really bothered us. We wrote management about our negative experience, and we did not hear anything back. We understand that sometimes drinks don't hit the mark, but what was really disappointing was the service that we received. A miss for us.

Save your hard earned money for better experiences. Vernick and The Franklin have been great.
5 based on the food.  3 based on the cocky waiter and bar tender.  4 is the average.  If all you care about is food then go.... its high quality.  Expensive but high quality.  Great beer selection too.  A bit pricey for my likes
The restaurant has reopened under new management!


The food is really great. Try the sweet potato and bacon warmed Hummus!

Great bartender, Jordan! Very personable and great Old Fashioned.
I visited Southwark on a Saturday for an early dinner with my grandparents (whom I might add are extremely well versed on good eats, they may as well be critics). Starting off with the decor and ambience, I really enjoyed how homey this restaurant felt. Despite the small bar-area, they have a "back room" filled with tables, which I thought was the cutest little eating area. The servers were incredibly friendly, well versed of the restaurants offerings, and truly a pleasure to converse with.

My grandparents started off with "hotty totties" which they were raving about. Our first course, we ordered the charcuterie board and the marinated olives - both of which were phenomenal. For my main course, I ordered their gnocchi in a ragu sauce, and I can confidently say that their potato gnocchi is single handedly the best gnocchi I have ever had - it quite literally melted in your mouth! My grandparents ordered the agnolotti as well as the "catch of the day" and both were thoroughly impressed by their dishes as well. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
2 events led me to be uncomfortably full and happy about it last night:

1. I found myself grocery-less (business trip life + holidays= sadfridge) and in the city on a Sunday night which rarely happens (usually at Sunday night family dinners). And I know I'm always missing out on Sunday Night Suppers, so I google a bunch and think Southwark might be a good idea because: 3 COURSES FOR $25?!

2. I recently made the mistake of following a bunch of Philly chefs on instagram, which means my phone is constantly showing me pictures of food that are like "EAT ME NOW," and George Sabatino's dog, who is, admittedly, cute. Anyways, I'm creeping on Sam Jacobson's instagram, and he posts a picture of the cottage pie on the menu and I'm like, okay be there in 5. (Fun fact: cottage pie has beef, shepard's pie has lamb, and pâté chinois is the French Canadian version of cottage pie and usually just has corn, beef, and mashed potatoes).

Southwark looks like a cool bar that might have decent food, but you should actually think of it as a really good restaurant that has awesome food, and also (bonus!) a cool bar. There's actually a pretty sweet dining area that you probably didn't know existed back there. You could probably have a large party back there and be super loud and no one would know.

Our server, Louis, was the perfect combination of hilarious and friendly, without being awkward or overbearing. He did that ninja thing where he refills your water and you don't even realize. We sat in the bar area and it was a lively atmosphere, good for a date or dinner with friends.

The food was excellent. I finally was able to say "we'll have one of everything" and then qualified it with "on the Sunday Supper side of the menu" (2 choices of appetizers and 2 choices of dessert). The Sunday Supper menu changes weekly so there's no point in describing everything in detail, just know that the parsnip soup with chili oil looked like a work of art and was a party in my mouth, the cottage pie was nothing like my Grandma's (that's a good thing, sorry Grandmaman), and the flourless chocolate cake was perfection. I would say I would like to cover myself in it but that would make it hard to eat all of it, because although I do yoga a lot, I'm not THAT bendy. Sam also sent out the sweetbreads, which came on some sweet potato, and you wouldn't have even known there was anything on that plate because we essentially licked it clean. Definitely recommend ordering that.

HIGHLY recommend and will be back. I can't pass up such a good deal.

Last star, I'll be back for you when I have one of their cocktails.
stopped in here randomly Friday night after a launch party at the Adidas store.  It was pretty crowded but we got there right as a table opened up by the bar. 

I loved the vibe in here - dark and laid back - crowded but not annoyingly so. 

I ordered a glennfidich neat and I was amazed to see that they served it in a proper tulip glass as opposed to a tumbler ...huge points for that. 

I will def be back here in the future.
I haven't been this disappointed since the last Eagles NFC Championship game. I have been looking forward to checking this place out for quite some time. When we first sat down, we asked the waiter for his drink recommendations. His response was cocky, condescending, and simply disrespectful. It was as if how dare we even ask what cocktails are good since every cocktail will be the best you have ever tried and consider yourself worthy of even being here to try it. I don't mind a waiter being proud of their place of employment. Actually I respect that quite a bit and have written about this being a very positive attribute of a good restaurant in previous reviews. But this guy was as cocky and condescending as you can be. This type of negative, hostile behavior carried forward for the rest of the evening. I have written over 180 yelp reviews. The number of times I have criticized a waiter is less than or equal to one. But this guy was atrocious.

Now, on to the drinks and food, what the focus should actually be. Both were subpar. The old fashioned tasted like cheap whiskey on the rocks. Very poorly made. The trout was bland and lacked any sense of creativity. The only positive was the oysters. They were very flavorful with no addition of sauce required.
Southwark does not have "off" nights and I have often mused whether Shari Wade (executive chef/owner along with husband Kip Wade) has been down to the crossroads as dishes which seem like they might be basic somehow transcend the ordinary in some sort of transmogrification back in the kitchen.  My suspicions of deals made with the devil have been strengthened by Shari's seasonal preparation of a cult classic - Shad and Shad roe.  What can be a mushy mess of fish eggs and unremarkable filets in the hands of the less skilled transforms into a crispy, perfectly buttery, melt-in-your-mouth delight of shad filets and destined "never-to-be shad" shad roe in Shari's hands.   

The menu is seasonal and changes often, but the ingredients are always the star and I love that Shari does not rely on the crutch of lesser chefs by hiding her fine fare in sauces, foams, reductions, etc.  At Southwark, quality, locally-sourced, seasonal food is the center piece of the meal - not some architectural rendering of a sky-scraper or some other Frankentein food monster which one often encounters as the plat du jour at trendy spots around Philly.  Southwark does not serve vertical food and it never disappoints.  

In addition to the food, which is always sublime, I love the atmosphere.  Whether in the bar or dining room, Southwark strikes a perfect balance between respectful formality and relaxed approachability.  The restaurant itself, which is located in a separate room beyond the bar, is perfectly lit and intimate, but not crowded or loud.  There is also outdoor seating available on a back terrace  when weather permits.  Unlike other small-space restaurants', Southwark's tables do not crowd one another and you can enjoy a relaxed, private dinner without having to endure another table's dinner conversation as well as your own (take note Fond!).   Southwark is my "go-to" place for in-laws and others who visit from out-of-town because I know I can expect quiet, unwavering, consistently outstanding seasonal fare accompanied by impeccable service each and every time I visit.  

When I  don't have VIPs in-tow, I prefer to dine at the bar with its dark, yesteryear lovely worn wood, fancy glasses and relaxed vibe.  Also, there are always orchids in the windows and I am a sucker for orchids.   I have been a regular guest since Southwark opened and cannot think of another bar in Philly that I would rather haunt.  Kip's (owner) and George's love of a good, classic cocktail is evident when one browses through the standards on offer.  Whether it be a snappy Tom Collins, a smoldering Manhattan with its maraschino wink, a Sazerac (the original cocktail) poured with Peychaud's bitters and rye (better than any outside of New Orleans), or a classic Martini - you know you are in for the real-deal at Southwark .  There are no apple-tinis, tinned bar mixes, or fake stuff here.  All is from scratch and Kip and his staff treat the liquor and its dance partners with the utmost care and respect - squeezing their own lemons, making their own mixes, and even bringing in home-grown lemon cucumber slices to complement a Hendrix martini during the summer months.   

I read another review (Ruby B.) which referred to the bar staff at Southwark as BAR NAZIS.   I have been there many, many times and I cannot agree with that characterization.  If someone is annoyed by a proprietor's quest to serve classic cocktails mixed by hand with fresh ingredients by bartenders who are at the top of their game, then I can see how Ruby B. might be disappointed by her time at Southwark.  If someone wants something done their own way - they will do it, but they are obliged to inform the customer that the drink they ordered is, in fact, NOT the classic cocktail as it is featured on the menu.  That said, I cannot understand why someone would want a cocktail done any other way than the way Kip and staff do it.   If you do, I would suggest staying home and mixing your own drinks the way you like them, but if you want a classic cocktail, properly poured and mixed by an expert - belly on up to the bar at Southwark and enjoy. 

Do yourself a favor - if you haven't already - go to Southwark.   It is a gem not to be missed and it hits the right notes every time.
Does anyone know if Southwark has new owners? We've been going there for years and the food has definitely changed...from menu options, presentation and taste standpoint - and not in a better way.
The cocktails food atmosphere everything will blow you away. A little hidden gem where you can find just about everything behind the bar and one of the best if not the best craft cocktail bars in Philly.
I've only eaten here once... and it was amazing... i mostly go in to be entertained by kip or gorge the bartender, they make sure to make you feel that they are happy to serve you, very knowledgeable about everything they serve... i would be in there all the time if i could afford it... its just Little too pricey for my likes... i quote from another review that describes alot of places in this city... 5 based on the food.  3 based on the cocky.......  4 is the average.  If all you care about is food then go.... its high quality.  Expensive but high quality.  Great beer selection too.  A bit pricey for my likes
This was one of my favorite places in the neighborhood, until I returned for the third time and had a HORRIBLE experience. I will never go back.

Upon entering the bar area with a group of friends, the bartender yelled from behind the bar that we had to leave because they were "busy." He told us to come back in 30 minutes...fat chance. I have never felt so disrespected and flat out embarrassed at a restaurant/bar. The whole situation could have been ameliorated if the rude bartender had simply told us in a courteous tone that they did not have space for us, perhaps asking us to come back when it cleared out a bit. Instead, he caused a scene and lost out on good business that night and in the future.

Simply put - the staff is PRETENTIOUS and ARROGANT. Don't try going for drinks on a Saturday night with friends - Southwark may end up ruining your evening.
I cannot say enough great things about Southwark. This is a spot that came up on lots of "best restaurants in Philly" lists, which sometimes can be a great thing, but those lists tend to include a good amount of dud restaurants. Southwark however definitely deserves to be on the list. The space is super cute and intimate, great for a date or for a dinner where you want to have a close conversation. There is also a nice bar area to sit at. The menu, though not super long, has a lot of great options. The late night menu is also a huge plus, and the really kind bartenders are very knowledgable about what is on the drink menu. Really appreciate a place where the cocktails aren't just made to fit what the public wants, but has a bit of personal style and flare based on who designed the drink! The gnocchi was like my favorite gnocchi I've ever eaten, it was cooked perfectly and the ragu on top was Melt in your mouth perfect. I honestly could have ordered another bowl and licked it clean. Would definitely return here when given the chance!
Wow! Drinks are made with such love, it's definitely a science to it! The food is also made to perfection and attention to detail is closely made. I highly recommend stopping here on your visit to Philadelphia. Worth every penny!
Neighbourhood gem with unusual cocktails and really wonderful food. The atmosphere is warm and inviting, unpretentious and friendly staff.
hands down the best  "BAR" in the city, incredibly knowledgable staff and above that, they are passionate about what they do. when ordering a martini, they've never asked me what kind of vodka i'd like, which if you dont understand, means you might not wnt to go here, on second thought they might just change your perception of a good martini. the food is always awesome and ever changing and if you're an oyster fan, they usually have some of the best you'll find in this city. in closing, love this place, treat it with reverance and don't tell too many people about it,  i like being able to get a seat at the bar here.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     p.s. can i say that everytime i go here it gets better!
A creature of habit, a professional drinker, and a lover of good food, I find these days, after nine years, and spending now only a few hours in the city each week, that I drink in only one bar in Philadelphia, and eat in only one restaurant: Southwark, and Southwark.

The bar: Kip, George, and Paul are three of the most talented, and gracious, barmen in the city. Their knowledge of cocktails, spirits, beers, and wine is top-notch, as is the selection. The house style is idiosyncratic, but ultimately pitch-perfect. More than this, the conversation and customer service is exemplary: they ride the line between high-end bar, restaurant-bar, and local watering hole better than anywhere I've ever seen (sit and listen to the genius of the music as the night to progresses to HEAR what I mean). Ultimately, I feel as a bartender myself, that a bar is, in the end, only so good as its 'tenders, and I'd follow these three anywhere, and happily drink across the stick from them, be it sazeracs, last words, and manhattans or beers and shots of powers.

The food/restaurant: Shari is a miracle worker. To recount my list of best-ofs here: the escargot (magical in Chartreuse butter), the sweetbreads (opened my eyes to the world of offal), the fried smelts (quintessential bar snacks), the fried potatoes, the salads, the soups!, oh the soups. Brunch is killer -- the eggs benedict may be the best in town, some of the potpies have been insanely good. Try the bloody maria (call Tanqueray, not vodka). Deserts... ditto: the bread pudding, the pot de creme, the housemade ice creams... all enough to make you leave uncomfortably full. Assuming you leave. Which, after a shot of some delicious digestiv amaro (Fernet/Averna, anyone?), may be increasingly unlikely. People seem to like to bitch about the portion size... but having tested out the meals time and time again, I find myself full each time. I live in hope that someday I'll catch her steak tartare special.

On the overlap between the bar and the food: Not mentioning the bloody marys in the morning, or the amaros already touched on above, the wine list bears mentioning, as do George's wine pairings. The man's a whiz, and 2 out of the best 4 wine pairings I've ever met anywhere were here, at his recommendation. Also worth noting are the afterdinner wines, and liquors selection. From armagnac to calvados, to a genuinely admirable madeira selection for Philadelphia, to the lovely grappa -- which, by the way, goes beautifully, with what is, unaccountably given the beans and the machine, one of the most consistently rewarding cups of espresso in all of the city.

All in all, I've closed down this spot more than anyone has business doing. It's not inexpensive, and over the past 4 years I've dropped a pretty sum of coin here, but I count every red penny as having been well spent. & I count the staff as friends as well after that time, even if getting Kip out to my bar to treat the son of a bitch to a round is like pulling teeth. I'm proud and thrilled that they've past their 5 year mark, and I hope to god to celebrate 10 years with them in another five. Ultimately, one of the reasons I still commute between Brooklyn and Philadelphia is Southwark.

Southwark: their joking motto in the beginning was Not for Everyone. Not true. Everyone might not be for them, but there is something here for anyone with a half-ounce of intelligence. Cheers folks!
I live two doors down from them and never went in, until I did. And now I can't stop going in on my way home from work, late night or not. Maria is a.MA.zing. 
As in, purely amazing. I gave her 3 ingredients for a cocktail, and she made two of *now* my favourite cocktails of all times. 

I said, I like gin. Could you please make me anything you want with gin, cracked black pepper (lifelong fetish)  and lemon zest? And she did. And now, I can't stop going there, period.
In addition to their beautiful bar, this place has amazing food. I went for the National Escargot Day snail menu. It was fantastic! My husband is not as big a fan of snails, so he ordered off the regular menu. His clams were particularly delicious. I highly recommend this place for a delectable meal. It was a little cold out for us, but they have a lovely patio area for outdoor dining as well. The service was great too - very knowledgeable and courteous.
You should eat here in the warmer months besides their outside area is like eating in an alley in Florence. 

The food here is good, but pretty expensive and picky eaters will probably only find one thing they like. 

The bar at Southwark is also old-fashioned and a great place to have a glass of wine with a friend or talk with the bartenders.
First and foremost... great cocktails. Maria, Jorgan, and Jesse excel both on and off menu... everything has been excellent, some simply outstanding. All of the barkeeps bring their A-game.

I haven't traveled the menu extensively, but everything I've had has been of quality and finely executed. I will say that their pickled beets are one of my favorite dishes I've had in 2016. They are sliced thin like carpaccio and I'm not exactly sure what they are prepared with (almonds and a white sauce?), but they are pretty amazing IMO.

Same deal... the back of the house brings their A-game. The owner/chef has a decent little pedigree in and out of the city... in other words, he's the real deal and the cuisine is a reflection thereof.

The space itself is warm, soooooo chill, and versatile. Southwark lends itself well to the lone wolf, a group of friends, or a quaint date spot.

One of my new favorites in the city. Come here, you'll like it.
Recently my wife and I had Sunday brunch at this restaurant since it had 104 reviews and the average review was 4 1/2 stars!  Unfortunately, we were sadly disappointed.
When we arrived at 12 noon after making a reservation, we found that we were the only ones there for brunch!  There were about four people in the bar which has some ambiance.  I guess some people knew in advance what a miserable place this is for brunch.  We were seated in the rear of the restaurant which was extremely drafty.
We had to keep our coats on until we asked our waitress to turn the heat up.  The menu that was presented had only two brunch items on it that we wanted.  I asked the waitress what omelette's they had and she responded-ONE, a spinach omelet.  Do you think that most people desire this?  The other egg dish was eggs Benedict which was overcooked and the bacon was dry.  This menu was a joke!  We had to ask the waitress for some bread.  She explained that they only had left over bread from the night before.  We ate the bread anyway, and there was no butter or oil.
We had hoped for a leisurely brunch in an inviting atmosphere.  We received none of this and ate as fast as we could so that we could leave this dreadful place.
I have given one star as the bar seemed to have some redeeming quality!
What a waste of money.

I had a chicken dish and my friend had the fish dish. Neither one of us liked either of the dishes. When we arrived, there were 2 tables and we still had to wait to be seated -- we didn't understand why. They rearranged the outside table for some reason, but it served no purpose. 

If you want to sit in their outside area...which is kinda like a really nice alley, don't. In theory, it is all kinds of fancy-cute, but upon execution, no. Do you want to eat your chicken in a city alley, albeit one with pretty lights?   

Their wait staff was meh. 

The bar area was packed and dark and seemed lovely enough, so going for drinks may be a different experience altogether.
I cannot say enough good things about Southwark. They have the best bartenders, a drink list that requires you to call out of work the next day, and delicious local, sustainable food. Plus the place is gorgeously done in dark woods and orchids.
Small plates and entrees were delicious.  Desserts ordered were also great.  Extensive list of craft beers and good cocktails.  I would recommend the farmhouse platter, escargot for small plates.  We also had the oysters, but I was not a fan.  For entrees, I would recommend the ivory salmon.  First time I have ever seen it on a menu and it was delicious.  For dessert, we sampled the ginger sorbet, the toasted pound cake and the panna cotta.  All were excellent.  Would definitely recommend to stop in for dinner or just drinks.
Southwark's high yelp rating is well deserved.  I went for dinner on Saturday and left feeling quite satisfied.  

First of all, let's talk about the cocktails: classic, seasonal, smooth, and delicious.  I thoroughly enjoyed the martinez and will not hesitate to stop in for another vintage cocktail in the bar area the next time that I am in the neighborhood.

For my meal, I ordered the pan seared scallops, which were delightful!  The dish was accompanied by a refreshing salad that included avacado and pistachios.  I was able to taste my boyfriend's order of the sirloin steak, which was amazing!  The grass-fed beef was tender, buttery, and a bit chewy.  Should I return for dinner, that will be my selection.

The dining area is dimly lit, has a nice view of their courtyard, and is modestly decorated.  Service was top notch!  Our server was thorough, knowledgeable, and personable.  Dinner at Southwark is an excellent choice for a date night or a good place to stop in on a night to get a quality cocktail.  After reading some of the other reviews, I would also be inclined to stop in for brunch as well.
Sorry this is a few weeks ago, but I seriously want to weigh in my thoughts on this fantastic bar and restaurant.

It was one of those escape weekends from New York, you know, the one where to arrive in Phili and its pissing with rain and you're thinking where the heck should we go, you Yelp, and well the rest is history.

A really elegant and welcoming bar greeted us. It was funny, when I saw white spider orchards in the window I was a little skeptical it might be a bit too upmarket or stuffy, but how wrong we were. We propped at the bar, and were asked what we would like. I said I was dying for a Manhattan, only to be met with a gleeful smile that you don't get from barmen in New York City (well unless they are on crack and trying to sell you something). I was immediately presented with a list of Manhattan cocktail combos so long that I knew I was entering the first level of Nirvana. 

A really great spot, non-pretentious owners, staff and even locals. We had an awesome night.

And I cannot stop there. Their online menu gives no hint at how many fantastic seasonal specials that the restaurant prepares. We ate at the bar and were totally delighted by the freshest produce, the clean, uncomplicated flavors, and a clear passion in the food from owner-operators who obviously love what they are doing.

They may not be on the menu when you go, but we had the grilled and melted feta spread that dripped with sweet flavor, the rabbit filled crepes with mild gamey flavors, god then then crispy sweetbreads which were so fresh and succulent that you simply must try (even if the thought of offal scares you, overcome and try, so mild you will immediately fall in love), and finally the pork belly strip with a homemade bean sauce.

If this place was in downtown Manhattan, it would be my local and I would end up having cash-flow problems haha. This is what great food and great hospitality is really all about.
Southwark is one of Baby's and my favorite restaurants and go-to spots when we want a wonderful dinner back in my old 'hood of Queen Village. We never fail to have a great meal there. And when the weather's nice, we make sure to get a table on the lovely back patio.

The staff is professional and knowledgeable (but  without  any hint of pretension or condescension) offering friendly and attentive (but not annoyingly so) service. There's a reasonably priced (at least as reasonably priced as possible under the prehistoric PLCB policies) wine list with a nice selection of wines by the glass. And, of course, there are the cocktails - Kip (who I first encountered at the New Wave) and George have done a wonderful job at reviving the fading art of cocktail-crafting. 

The menu changes regularly and focuses on local and seasonal foods (Many a time I would see Sherry and Kip shopping at the South and Passyunk farmers' market on Tuesdays.) Having discovered it at VaLa Vineyards, we frequently start out with the baked Shellbark Farm's goat cheese. We've savored the full gamut of entrees - duck, pork, steak, chicken, fish - and never been disappointed. (Baby and I just wish their home-baked bread was served warm - last time we were there it was actually a little cool from the kitchen which definitely detracts.) Desserts are delicious and never heavy or overcloying.
I've been wanting to visit this place for quite some time. Namely for drinks as I'd read such good reviews. Well what can I say?.... Awful. Glasses of Sazeracs and old fashioned filled to the top and packed with ice. Two other drinks that were entirely undrinkable. Save yourself the bother and go to Ela across the street. Insanely good cocktails made with precision and knowledge.
It's the closest thing to time travel that Philly has to offer.  Walk in and enjoy a bar experience that is so difficult to find anymore (yet so often attempted).  It's like 60 or 70 years have melted away.

Belly up to the bar and watch them mix their magic.  I challenge you to find a better place to get a drink in Philly.

I've only eaten there twice, both times good, but the bar is the shining star.
Met up here for drinks with one of my friends a week or so ago and decided its the perfect place in my new hood to have drinks. The cocktail list offers something for everyone and there are a few adventurous options that combine a few lethal potions together.The reason for 3 stars is the price point Most cocktails ive had on this side of broad have been in the 9.00 /10.00 range ( with the exception of supper whos cocktails are crafted by FM) for the size of the served up cocktails i cant agree with the 12-13 price tag. The wine list is ok and i did have a really good white blend from france but again the size portions just didnt add up to the cost. 
The food options seemed intriguing and i would probably come back to try out the menu options in the future.
My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed dinner in the Southwark dining room last night. We were able to get a reservation very easily at the last minute, though that may have been in part because it was Monday evening after New Year's weekend; the restaurant is small, so I imagine it can fill quickly on busier nights. The atmosphere was laidback yet romantic (think dimly lit and tastefully decorated, but no tablecloths or candles) -- it's the type of place you take an intimate friend or two rather than a larger group. Our waiter was attentive but not overbearing, and the courses were spaced comfortably so that we never felt either rushed or waiting.

We started with the meat & cheese board, which was not only delicious (we practically licked the board clean!) but also very artfully presented. For entrees, I had the baked spaghetti squash and my boyfriend had a lobster bouillabaisse special. Both were about as good as we could have hoped for; his seafood and my veggies were both full of flavor and cooked perfectly -- my boyfriend commented that the scallops in his bouillabaisse were the best he'd had in recent memory, and somehow they baked my spaghetti squash so that it stayed moist inside yet crisp around the edges -- and the portions were appropriately sized so we felt fully satisfied without being stuffed. I tried two cocktails, the Scofflaw and the Completely Reformed, both of which were unique rye-based concoctions I really liked. My boyfriend enjoyed two draft beers, one a Forest & Main and the other a Pizza Boy.

The grand total came out to a little over $100 before tip -- not bad for two beers, two cocktails, two entrees, and a meat & cheese board. I try not to repeat restaurants too often since there are always so many new ones to try, but this is one for which I'll seriously consider at least one return trip.
Guys, Yelp won't let me post my whole review of Southwark. Check out the whole thing here: http://www.romancingthestrawberry.com/?p=88

Here is the beginning:

Here I am at 9am writing a review on vacation - know anything about me and you'll realize my whole life is a vacation, but we'll talk about that later or maybe you should ask me least the government finds out what I'm up to via yelp. In any case, yes I'm still drunk from last night and everything, including me standing on a chair screaming "If they tell me what to do with my vagina, what's to stop them from telling me what to do with my hands!?" ALL started at Southwark over a Vesper and a bottle of Malbec - Yes, I know that the bitter cold is usually the driving force behind alcoholism in places like Philadelphia, but being out here from SF I was excited and wanted to get a head start.

Ok I'm totally craving some coca cola now, this is going to be bad. You might want to know the details of how I got into this mess. My parents and I were at a musical performance at the art alliance featuring my mother's viola instructor and a few members from the Philadelphia orchestra. We watched the show in a little room with fine would floors. It had an old feel, so much so that I was squinting a bit to see if Jane Austen might be hanging around somewhere - ok this is not true, but it would have been really cool if I had seen her. Throughout the whole thing my stomach was making almost as much noise as the instruments and this, you can imagine, was making me rather anxious. I had planned my diet around when my mother would be coming home with a big bag of fresh Philadelphia pretzels, and alas she had forgotten. 

When we arrived at Southwark ON TIME for our reservation (my life was based upon the fact that that would not happen at that point) the waiter told my parents he thought it was his top priority to get me a drink post haste. I guess accidentally interrupting him and not realizing why was a great indicator that I was about to venture into the psychotic component of neurotic. Fortunately a vesper arrived. Then came a basket of fluffy garlicy bread. I was worried that there was no table salt, but fortunately this is Philadelphia and you don't have to salt your food. 

We ordered the Oysters, the Steamed Clams ($9), the Roasted Potatoes ($5), the Halibut special (?), Beef ($29), and Sea Scallops ($27). The oysters were puny but pretty good. The second one I got was way more memorable than the first, but nothing can compare to the little babe I consumed at Absinthe months ago (he is still fresh in my memory with his fatty cheeks). The Roasted Potatoes were bomb, served with a roasted garlic aoli which was also similar to a honey mustard dipped. They were well spiced, and didn't require any more salting. Texturally they could have been a little softer, but they were well spiced that's for sure. Likewise the scrumptious clam dish was blasting with flavor - containing dry vermouth, shallots, tomatoes, in a dry chili butter broth - but I felt the chef missed out on the cooking times. This mystified me throughout the meal. Why instruct us on the art of unique flavor combinations and forget the impact of making your food tender? This didn't seem to bother anyone else at the table. My mother requested more bread to soak up the chili butter sauce and I could help but follow. The taste of the roasted tomatoes, so cooked that they seemed frail, coupled with the slivery onions was orgasmic and could easily make me forget that the clams themselves were a little lacking in their 'mouth feel'. 

We waited a good amount of time before our entrees came, diving into that Malbec I mentioned at the last minute. I was upset that it cost over $20, but was only from 2007 but at that point I guess it wasn't such a pressing matter. At some point my mom got the impression that the people across from us were Republicans and we made a huge Obama toast, which actually resulted in us being saluted by the other table. Then my mom informed them that we were going to dress me up to Sarah Palin and go canvassing for Obama. I can say "I can see Alaska from my house" with stunning accuracy if I do say so myself. Hello Scallops. The pan seared scallops were elaborately laced with roasted baby beets, plums, and leeks. I'm actually not a fan of beets so the flavor was a bit too earthy for me at first, but after taking a few bites the sweetness of the plums added a new complexity and the sudden saltiness of the leeks turned out to be pure heaven - it was so thinly cut that I thought it was spaghetti squash!  The Beef was grilled grass fed sirloin steak with wild mushrooms, gigantic beans, dosed in a far superior arugala pesto than anything I've ever made - opps, do please go after that recipe! The meat, similar to my other complaint, was not tender but don't think this meant it was not flavorful. Put that in my mouth while I was sleeping and you'd wake me up! The meat itself was oozing with flavor
Bottomline: Stop by for a drink if you're in the area; stay for the food!

VIBE: Southwark is a classic! Before craft cocktails were a thing in Philadelphia, Southwark was pouring one of the best Manhattans in the city - and it still does! The decor is classic and despite a change in ownership, not much has changed - it's still a comfy, casual spot evoking a local wateringhole.

DRINKS: You may find a few nods to the new kids on the block, but by and large the menu is concerned with the classics. Sidle up to the city's best Manhattan, or a well-prepared Old Fashioned or Corpse Reviver, No. 2. The bartenders know what they're doing and will pour you a generous sidecar should your beverage exceed your vessel.

EATS: The menu hits on all marks and has a late night offering to complement your drinks - take full advantage!
This is the bar that Don Draper would frequent if he was a real person and lived in Philadelphia. When I first stepped inside this unique establishment, I instantly felt more suave. The old school all-wood bar is a welcoming sight for a thirsty guest and the outgoing bartenders make you feel welcome as soon as you take a seat. They are extremely knowledgeable about cocktail crafting and were willing to listen to my taste preferences in order to craft the ideal mixed drink. The selection of craft beers on tap may be small but each brew is of an exceptional quality.

You'll find a number of regulars sitting around the bar, reading a book, and talking to the bartenders like they are life-long friends. That type of intimate relationship between customer and employee is something that sets Southwark apart from any other bar in the City of Brotherly Love.

If you were to ask me where I'd take my last drink on Earth, without hesitation I would say Southwark. It is just that great.
This was my first time here and it was a nice atmosphere. Unfortunately, we sat at the bar waiting for 10 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us. Once we ordered a drink, they took the dinner menu away without asking us if we wanted anything. Bartenders took shots behind the bar. Ordered olives and they never came. Then the bartender confronted us and said it was our job to say something if we never got our food or if we needed a drink. Isn't that part of his job in customer service?
Great ambiance and delicious food. We sat in their back patio area and the set up was perfect with bright string lights and great decor. Our server was extremely knowledgeable of the food and drink options. The flavors were unique and delicious. Would certainly visit again.
Ok let me start off by saying this restaurant is open again and my cousin is the pastry chef, bread, and pasta maker, however, this is an honest review. We were here last night and I was here to taste as much as I could! We ordered the butternut squash hummus, bread and butter plate, lamb ravioli, gnocchi with pork ragu, cauliflower entree, short rib entree, and two desserts:  blood orange upside cake with Rosemary and the parsnip/white chocolate custard. 

All was wonderful but there were a couple items that stood out. First, the gnocchi was the best I've ever had-they were like soft pillows of heavenly goodness, PLEASE TRY these. Second, the cauliflower was so hearty and rich from the brown butter; It made a perfect vegetarian entree. Lastly, the blood orange cake. The cake was warm and soft and paired beautifully with the savory rosemary ice cream! 

If you are looking a local farm to table experience with great staff and lovely decor, this place is for you! Also this is a seasonally changing menu so all year round you can try new items!
A few of my old roommates and I met for dinner and drinks over the holiday week. This place has been on my list for a while for its farm-to-table menu and high praise for cocktails. 

For drinks, between the four of us, we tried the Seventy-five Cocktail with gin, I Can Get You A Job In The Airport Doing That with gin, and Candy Colored Clown Called The Sandman with scotch off the menu, plus classic old fashioneds and dirty martinis. Unfortunately, the only stand out was the dirty martinis. Everything else fell kind of flat for us. One of my friends even switched to beer. 

For dinner, we decided to get some small plates to share. Then we each got our own entree. We started with the mussels escabeche and country pâté, which both surprised us in one way or another. The tapas mussels came with buttered grilled baguette, and while it was delicious, it was not easy to share among four people. The country pâté was sizable and came with toasted baguette, mustard, and cornichons. However, when the waitress brought it over, she luckily added that there were hazelnuts in it. Unfortunately my friend has a tree nut allergy, and she was a little upset that they left a common allergy off the menu. Though her allergy isn't severe (like those who can't even be at the same table as tree nuts), we wouldn't have ordered it if we had known. To make sure there was enough food, we also ordered the beef tartare to share. We loved all the fresh horseradish on it! 

After nibbling on the starters and another round of dirty martinis, we got our appetizers. Between the four of us, we got the lamb pappardelle, veal bourguignon, roasted chicken, and the market catch of the day, which was black sea bass. I had the fish (delicious), which was served with a large prawn (slightly overcooked) on top of a vegetable puree. Everyone finished their entrees with ease (and minimal sharing... we were still so hungry after appetizers). 

With a lot of hit or miss experiences throughout our meal, we skipped desserts and took our next round of drinks elsewhere.
funny, tim, i'd go with a 3 or 3 1/2 for food, and a 5 for service, which averages out the same as your review!  i ate at the bar on a cold night a week ago and the bartenders MADE the evening - they were so personable and friendly and obviously genuinely enjoyed their jobs.  i had a wonderful experience. 

the goat cheese appetizer is a MUST.  sounds simple, and it is, but it is perfectly buttery and packed full of deliciousness and calories.  it is heavenly.  it was the highlight of my meal.  

we had a couple fishes, a cod and a monkfish.  it wasn't on the little fish plane (the standard by which i judge all fishes now) but it wasn't bad, either.  my cod was maybe 20 seconds underdone and could have benefited from maybe some sea salt.  the monkfish isn't my favorite fish to begin with (i don't like the way it flakes) but the beet sauce it came in was really nice. 

we finished with a bread pudding, which wasn't the best bread pudding i've had but not the worst either.  texture and consistency was very nice, but flavor was a smidge lacking.  

wines were great - they have a nice list. 

we spent $140, two of us, which is $30 less than gayle a couple blocks up and a couple weeks ago, and i enjoyed my experience overall at southwark more.  

really, kudos to the staff there.
After passing by Southwark on numerous occasions, pausing to glance at the menu and the orchids in the window, then continuing on my way thinking 'We've GOT to try this place", one sunday morning I was nursing a bit of a hangover and gave in.  My boyfriend and I were seated in a sunny dining room with minimal decor...some nice jazz music in the background...and an ambiance to the place that seemed to transport us back in time....we pondered the menu choices while sipping on what I had been told were the best bloody marys in the city.....how very true this was! I settled on the omelet of the day-salmon and creme fraiche and my boyfriend ordered the halibut.  Both dishes were perfectly cooked, light, fresh, and delicious.  For desert we ordered the cantaloupe sorbet- the perfect finish to an excellent meal.  ...and for the rest of the day I couldn't stop thinking about how good brunch had been that day! Perfect hangover cure.  

We returned to southwark last night for drinks and dessert with a friend from out of town and were not disappointed.  Service was excellent.  The have a decent selection of american craft beers on draft, also featuring a rotating nodding head tap.  The shiraz my boyfriend ordered was delicious, as was my bloody mary (I had to order this as I've been craving it since my last visit)  For dessert we had the 
Chocolate Pot de Crème topped with whipped creme..very rich and delicious.  The server even went out of his way to check if they could serve us desserts, even though the kitchen was about to close.   

I look forward to returning soon for dinner.  Highly recommended.
I had heard a lot about this restaurant and was excited to get some drinks with some friends there.  I was dissapointed by the rude waiters and waitresses who seemed overwhelmed by our group of five...They didn't want us to sit in the pathway (fire hazard) so we scooted back so that we would be out of the way.  When a table cleared that would put us completely out of the path, they made a stink and said the table had to be in an exact position so that it wouldn't wobble.  It appeared that everything we did was a problem.  They were not friendly at all!!! When we ordered a cheese and meat and crackers appetizer it took about 45 minutes, which is ridiculous, considering nothing had to be cooked!  The drinks were about 10-12$ but it was as if us just ordering drinks was a problem and accounted for some of the rudeness...  I would go back for dinner but was told the only veggy option, the stuffed bell pepper, was dry and uncooked.
Sophisticated place in the Southwark section of south Philly at 4th & Bainbridge.  Imaginative cuisine with excellent treatment of game.  Knowledgeable service.  Expensive but usually no complaints because the value is there and the effort that goes into your meal is obvious.
I stopped by here for a quick drink before my dinner reservation down the street.  I immediately liked the classic old-timey bar feel.  In the spirit of things, I ordered "The Southwark" cocktail.... after which I realized it was $17.  He made it with such love that I felt like he earned my $17.  I will definitely go back - though I probably will use my $17 to buy 2 drinks this time.
After having an amazing cheese plate at Talula's Garden, the wife and I were really in the mood for another. A Google search listed Southwark's cheese plate as the 4th best in the city, so we figured we'd give it a whirl. 

For starters, they don't actually have a cheese selection. Oh well. Strike 1, We then waited at the bar for 20 minutes, because the table we reserved wasn't ready. Additionally, we waited 5 minutes at the bar for someone to take our drink order while the 3 bartenders talked among themselves and washed glasses. Strike 2. Fortunately, the kitchen has their house in order, as does the waitstaff. The food was truly excellent and the service was superb. We started with the Wild Mushroom Croquettes and Short Rib Poutine. Both were delicious. The bread and butter were also really good. I mention the bread and butter mostly because they charge you for it. I can't say I've ever seen that at any restaurant before. For dinner I had the Potato Gnocchi and my wife had the Roasted Chicken. Again, both were excellent. 

The only other thing worth noting was the restaurant itself. Aside from the dining room having a rather sterile feel, especially in a city full of restaurants with interesting decor, the temperature was fairly uncomfortable. When we sat at the bar, forced air heat was blowing down on us. When we made it to the dining room it was noticeably cold. As I'm not someone who typically notices either, I thought it worth mentioning. 

Ideally I would have given Southwark a 3.5, as the kitchen and waitstaff deserved better. But waiting 20 minutes for our table, being ignored by the bartenders,the uncomfortable temperatures and sterile atmosphere, and oddly being charged for bread and butter, I couldn't give it a 4 against so many restaurants in Philly who don't get the little things wrong.
I met a friend for 5:00 Happy Hour.  We were early and waited outside for the door to open promptly at 5:00.  It was well worth braving the cold for a few minutes.

First of all, I love drinky drinks.  They have a swell drink list and an excellent bartender.  My friend prefers beer, and was not disappointed in the selection.

We both had the soup of the day (turnip and parsnip with shrimp and scallops.)  The soup was dreamy.  I did not merely eat this soup; I was mesmerized by this soup.  It was creamy, but not too rich.  The flavors were perfect.
We then split the goat cheese appetizer.  It was a warm goat cheese spread, served with pears and honey.  Basically, it was heaven.

Southwark's service and atmosphere was great.  There are nice touches like fresh orchids throughout the place.  They emphasize fresh seasonal food, which is my style all the way.  I cannot wait to return and am looking forward to sitting in the garden area in the springtime.
I must be the only one that doesn't love this place. I've been here on two occasions now and haven't been into it. The first time was with drinks with a girlfriend. The drinks were strong but neither of us liked them and the crowd was stuffy. The next time I came in was during one of the snowstorms that shut the city down. We went in because both of us were sick of beer after shoveling all day, if that's even possible. It was packed, the servers were a little cold and it was chaos. Again, I didn't love my wine, thought the price was overpriced and I didn't fall in love with it. I'm hoping I have a better visit at brunch one of these days.
I own bar restaurants in Philly so I am generally not one to review other establishments.  However.  Southwark, is, quite possibly, the best bar/restaurant in Philly.  The cocktail program, beer program, and wine program are, consistent, solid, while remaining very reasonable.  The food?  Amazing.  And again, consistent.  Go here on a date, dressed up, or, come in after the worst shift ever, in kitchen clogs and a t shirt.   The menu offers a wonderful selection of snacks and small plates which offers the chance to try several items all while not spending a fortune.  Entrees are available and the portions are exactly what they should be.  Not over loaded, not a speck on the plate.   Not sure what you want to drink?  Ask a bar tender to "make you something with....." and in a few minutes, in front of you, there will be a drink that will be fantastic.  None of the drinks require more than a few minutes to make unlike some places where a drink may take many steps and still not taste very well balanced. The staff is fantastic and well trained but still remain human beings with great personalities.  I adore Southwark, the food, the drink, and the staff.
Kip and the bartenders make one beautiful cocktail.  I dream about the drinks here!  Great aesthetics all around - gorgeous large white orchids in the windows, classic bar layout, liquor selection, food, presentation, and background music make this restaurant/lounge a perfect place to bring a date or your mother. A win win! Worth every penny!
We went to Southwark with a group of four about a month or two ago.  Had a reservation and were seated promptly. It was a chilly spring evening and we were by the door to the patio--some brave souls were out there, but we opted for inside. Looked very nice out there though! Service was spotty--we sat for almost 15 minutes with no water in our glasses, and when our waitress came to fill them, she filled three out of four with her pitcher and disappeared to refill the pitcher, not coming back for 10 or so more minutes. Ok since we were relaxed and not in a rush, but not ideal.

We all ordered cocktails, as we were advised by many that they are excellent here. I was not a huge fan of my Aviation, but others have raved about it, so that may be a personal preference (it had a sort of floral water or liquor--lavender?--which I wasn't a fan of). But, 2 in the group loved their G&T's, and one was happy with her cosmo.

Entrees--one in our group said it was the best halibut he'd ever had (and that's really saying something). Chicken was fine. The appetizer of a flatbread/crispbread with sesame seeds and honey, spread with goat cheese, was amazing!
Southwark was recently lauded in the Philadelphia CityPaper for its selection of prohibition-era cocktails and I second this motion.  Have George make you an Aviation or Kip make you a rye Manhattan and you will be in alcoholic bliss. The bar is almost perfect.  For some reason it reminds me of the bar in the Shining...but that's just my bizarre brain a-working in its crazy way.  It's shiny and solid and the glassware just seems to sparkle.

The food is gourmet heaven.  I've had things at Southwark that I've never tried before-- quail, for instance and venison.  The meat is always tender and perfect.  The sides feature whole grains, legumes and leafy green vegetables.  Eating here always feels like giving your body a present.  I recommend the steamed clams, porkchop and pretty much anything on special.  They also have unique sorbets for desert (rosemary grapefruit for one) and they have had this goat cheese flan that was unbelievably good.  Their wine selection is great and not price gauge-y.  

After the dinner crowd has finished eating, the bar has a night-time persona that is quite different--the Coltrane goes off the i-Pod and on comes the Fugazi.  It's just another layer that makes Southwark a truly enjoyable experience (to me and anyone else who likes Fugazi).

They also have a great brunch.  TK, who barely eats ate like seven courses including two deserts.  I think he was catching up...
Southwark is hands down our favorite restaurant to frequent here in Philadelphia, period. The restaurant is owned by incredible, kind people with a true knack for warm hospitality, quality food, and adventurous cocktails served in a comfortable, homey setting.  I dream about their chicken liver mousse with pear compote and concord grape sauce quite often. But you really can't go wrong with anything you can order off of their menu- as I've told anyone I've brought there. The staff is 100% knowledgable of food allergies- which I have a few of- I have celiac's disease and cannot eat gluten/wheat derivatives, as well as any dairy minus butter for the most part. I have overheard customers there who are even more limited in what they can have and the kitchen is incredibly accommodating-which honestly is a rare thing to come upon when coupled with the food still tasting amazing and not feeling like it was compromised. My fiance and myself love it so much that we will be having our rehearsal dinner there and are already dreaming about how delicious the menu will be- everything is seasonal and locally sourced as possible- so the options rotate enough that you always have something new and exciting to look forward to (:  There isn't a bad seat in the house, the music is unexpectedly AWESOME- and is always played at a level where you can enjoy it while still holding a conversation without shouting- I brought my 89 year old Nana who can't stand noise and she not only enjoyed the food but loved the atmosphere so much that she walked around admiring the little touches- cute flowers at each table, saloon style hung artwork, mismatched plateware that somehow all matches in a unexplainable fashion. Thank your lucky stars for this neighborhood prize. I wish we could give it more than 5 stars!
I need to go back to take advantage of what is apparently the best bar in the city, but I had a great dinner at Southwark recently. The appetizer of clams were a little too salty, but everything afterwards was excelllent, including the service. They obviously take a great deal of pride in their food.
I used to live right around the corner from this restaurant and always wanted to go but never stopped in.  I recently went for the first time for a special occasion with my wife and I wish I hadn't.  The food was just OK (considering its quality it was over priced), the drinks were terrible and the bartender needs to work on his people skills.  There are so many great options in this city, I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone.
I know where I should be when I'm in Queen's village area. 

The most delicious manhattan awaits you here at Southwark.

The atmosphere is totally matching, too, with that delicious brown cocktail in your hand.
Last night my friend and I went to Southwark. As usual, we sat in the bar, and as usual, we were treated to mouthwatering food, sublime cocktails, and exquisite service and banter from Kip and George behind the bar. Southwark is most definitely a place for foodies and those who love a truly well-made cocktail, yet it has the relaxed atmosphere of a neighbourhood delight you want to come back to again and again. The food is always delicious and light, with just the right sized portions - you'll find no foams or overly-rich smudges of sauce here! - and the flavours in each dish always complement each other perfectly, like a culinary symphony. Because the food is seasonal, the menu changes all the time (but if you go now, do yourself a favour and try the mutton appetizer and the liver entree...they were nothing short of heavenly). Every time I've gone to Southwark (and I've been MANY times), each dish has been right on the mark, from the appetizer to the desert, the cocktails have been perfection, and the service has been wonderful... so I thought it was high time to write a review. Before doing so I had a look through the posted reviews on Southwark, just out of interest, and was rather upset by a review from Ruby B, who described Kip and "his sidekicks" as "the Bar Nazis"....then I noticed that Ruby B is from New Jersey and it all became clear. Ruby - perhaps you should stay in New Jersey (where I'm sure your local Olive Garden can more than accommodate your culinary needs) and let the rest of us who appreciate good food, cocktails and excellent service, enjoy Southwark without you...and by the way, Ruby, Kip and George do not "lecture" about cocktails, they are merely passing on their wisdom (clearly, in Ruby's case, they were throwing pearls before swine). I hate to end this review on a sour note, so I'll close with this: if you haven't been to Southwark, do yourself a favour and try it out. For the full Southwark experience, I would recommend sitting at the bar, so you have the opportunity to get to know Kip and George...trust me, you won't regret it!
Fantastic birthday meal for my bride. We had the meat plate app. Amazing. Sam then served us the Jerusalem artichoke soup fantastic. Then Kate had the gnocchi and I had the cod - wonderful. For desert we had watermelon sorbet and flour less decadent chocolate cake. 
 the service was exceptional and we soil recommend it to all. 
It is a must in Philly
A solid four stars. Great service and good food! I wish the draft menu was larger, but still a decent selection. We went for dinner on a Wednesday night. All of our appetizers and entrees were delicious. They charge $4 for bread, which is annoying. The bar area was lively, while the back dining area (where we sat) was quieter. I'll probably request a seat in the bar area when I go back.
I went with a group of four and tried a variety of items.  Four appetizers, I recommend the Farmhouse Platter and the Steamed Clams.  For the main dish, I recommend the Pork Shank.  The pork was very tender and full of flavor.  All of the ingredients here are of high quality which you can taste.  This place is more about quality than quantity so you shouldn't go if you're looking for huge portions.
I'm not sure my review will be adding anything new, but Southwark is a great bar and restaurant.

George and Kip are knowledgeable and congenial.  Southwark is the perfect place to bring a date or sit alone and read a book.  A good conversation with those around you is sure to spring up.  The crowd is an interesting mix of those who live and/or work in the neighborhood.

If you like classic cocktails or have a taste for rye whiskeys and the like, definitely go and try Southwark.
I can't believe I didn't know about this place! I came here for the first time last night for a cocktail. They have a sweet old fashioned bar, with bartenders who really know how to mix a drink. We didn't come for dinner, so I can't speak to the food. I did have a tasty dessert though (their Chocolate pot de creme, or something like that). After learning about wine cocktails at the Franklin Bar, I was keen to try more of them. Southwark makes a drink called the Philadelphian. It was port wine, Lairds apple brandy, orange and ginger ale. So delicious!!
I went here with my folks last night, quiet Tuesday, it was way too hot for patio seating but what a great little space.  I took one star off because we were a table of three and seated right by the kitchen door.  I am not going to hold a grudge though!  I love that Southwark is so seasonal, I had a special tomato (and mozz) salad, with three kinds of tomato and fresh mozz and some balsamic business, pretty standard, not extraordinary but exactly what I expected, fresh, and very good.  My mother ordered the Oysters of the day, which were also very fresh.  I ordered the sea scallops the were pan seared sea scallops, roasted plums, beech mushrooms, purslane, lemon balm brown butter, Amazing.  Loved the plum which I was unsure about.  It was a great portion and I would definitely order it again.  Although the rest of the menu beckons!  My folks both ordered the braised short ribs which were ABFAB.  Melted in your mouth, I will definitely be ordering this entree on my next visit.  All three of us ordered desserts which were all pretty awesome, i had the butter cookies and dipped them in my dad's ice cream, what more can I ask for? Will definitely go back for the short ribs!
I've never had a disappointing experience here.  The food is always top-notch, seasonal and local.  The cocktails are well-crafted, and the wine by the glass list is great.  The only downside is that it can get a little pricey if you want to have a  couple drinks.  But that's the price you pay most places for getting liquored up on something better than the usual "lager"

There is a real focus on locally-sourced foods here.  I had a delicious brunch the other day, especially with all the late spring/early summer produce out in full force.  Everything we tried was thoughtful, fresh and just yummy.  

There is a long bar when you enter.  A small full dining room is in the back & there is also a patio for nicer weather.  But we prefer to eat & drink at the bar.  It's elegantly casual and fun all at the same time.
If you are looking for a classic martini or Manhattan, this is the place.  George and Kip behind the bar are wonderful.  They are attentive, entertaining, and extremely knowledgeable.  The food (Kip's wife Sherry) is very nice.  The veal cheeks and charcuterie plate are winners.  If you want to go to a low-key bar that is still busy, this is the place.  If I want to go to a bar, that will usually have a seat available and not be bothered by teenagers and loud music, Southwark is where I go, on 4th and Bainbridge.
I love this place.  i've had an array of cocktails here and they are always incredible.  The Sazerac is amazing and the pre-prohibition old fashioned are the best I've had in the city.  The bartenders are super-friendly and are not snobs about cocktails despite their superior mixing skills.  Appetizers are great. i've not had dinner here but the menu looks de-lish.
Stopped in here for a drink or 2 a few weeks back. I asked for a gin and tonic with olives instead of lime and was called weird by 2 wait staff. Probably not the best way to get a decent tip or return service. 

The place seemed a little too pretentious  for its location.
When I first walked in I was a little intimidated by a mass of people crowding the front room and bar.  I almost turned around a left.  But then the waitress beckoned my date and I inside, and took us to a back room which was blissfully quiet.  She brought me a last word (yummy and boozy) and my date a vieux carre.  And then came the food.

We each started with the small plate goat cheese, melted in a little bowl and served with delicious thin crackers, apple slices and honey, a winning combination.  Unfortunately there were about five tiny apple slices and a small dab of honey, some of which was sucked up under the unnecessary doily on my plate, so there was lots of cracker and cheese to go when the required accessories were already gone.  Maybe not the best start to the meal.

I ordered the pork loin, which was enormous and meaty and came with sauerkraut and potatoes.  It was simple, hearty and delicious.  I wasn't feeling my drink with it, though, and although I was afraid they would not have beer, like so many places with great wine and cocktail lists, they did have beer.  They had a whole great list of beer, and I got a Sly Fox, just perfect with my meal.  

My date got shad roe, which I don't think he enjoyed as much, not because it was not done well but because he learned he is not a fan of shad roe.  We both felt certain that if he was going to like it, he would like it prepared here.

Then dessert: I had the mint chocolate chip ice cream sandwich.  It had whipped cream that was also vaguely minty.  It. was. just. so. awesome.  My date drank his dessert, having two half-pours of rye that apparently are quite hard to find.  I'm not a big rye fan and didn't try them but he was in heaven, so I'm assuming they were well worth it.

All in all, a surprisingly wonderful experience.
This is my favorite bar in Philadelphia and possibly the world.  It's very classy without being pretentious, completely unassuming on the outside.  The actual bar itself is beautiful and contributes to a Prohibition-era vibe on the inside.  The bartenders are great; I believe this is what they do for a living, and it shows.  They're also great with banter, which also contributes to an old school vibe, and they make really great drinks.  

The food here is also great, but I prefer to eat at the bar, rather than the dining room, though it's lovely there as well, especially out back on a nice summer day.
This is quite the find in Queen Village, a welcome respite from the seedy South St experience. Stepping into the somewhat minimalist bar room, then walking back to the rear dining room and large outdoor patio - you'll find a warm gracious environment.  We ordered a few small plates and bread and a homemade butter that was killer, and the owner came over to explain the items on the charcuterie board - all awesome. Regrettably they don't do brunch, because the atmosphere is perfect for that. No regrets.  I'll be back, frequently.
Such a neat place! A few friends and I were checking out some spots around philly and someone recommended south wark! I was beyond pleased. The bartender Maria was extremely talented and quite enjoyable to chat with. When we first came in, I felt bad considering there were six of us, being a bartender myself, hearing six coctails come in at the same time can sometimes be overwhelming, well not for Maria!! She gladly mixed up six of the best cocktails I have ever tasted, with absolute pleasure. My favorite thing is the bartenders choice. After knowing the drinks we ordered for the first round we requested that she mix us up "bartenders choice" and she got the nail on the head for each of us. The decor is also great, the outside area is adorable as well. Unfortunately we ate prior to arriving so we didn't try any food but I can't wait to go back and make a night of it!
First off, I agree with several others that it is refreshing to have a bruncherie that is open past 3pm on a Sunday.  The fact that you can get terrific mimosa is an added bonus.  

I had the farmers platter, which consisted of an assortment of local cheeses, my favorite was fat cat, a brie like cheese with a subtle goat cheese flavor.  It was served with apple, house made meats, olives and nuts.  The combination was a good one.  I wished they would sub in toast and jam for the pate, since I am not really a fan - but you can't have it all.

My husband had the ham and Gruyere omlette with house roasted potatoes - perfectly proportioned and cooked, not overly cheesy, and the potatoes melted in your mouth.

To cleanse our sweet tooth's, we ended with a mint ice cream sandwich.  Perfectly creamy and naturally minty house made mint ice cream, nestled between two minty square chocolate cookies will have me coming back for their ice cream until I am too fat to fit through their door.

I will definitely venture out for the dinner menu, their selection of old fashioned drinks was impressive.  Go right now.
It's nice to be just off South Street. We went to Southwark for drinks and dinner. It was very quiet at 6 pm when we arrived. The bar is beautiful, a perfect place to hang out, a long bar with stools and a number of small high top tables. The drinks are professionally made with a focus on American whiskeys and rye but fully stocked with all manner of libations. The bartenders are smart and attentive.

Dinner was good, we had fluke and pork belly. Everything was delicious.  My only complaint, the toasted bread with the cheese plate and meal tasted like gas, common when the bread is done over a gas grill. The waiter didn't seem to agree with me on this point, but he did bring me some plain bread.

Although we sat inside, there is a nice outdoor seating area as well.

Very good food and drinks. Highly recommended.
The minute I walked into this place I fell in love.  On the top part of the bar are all rare Rye Whiskeys.  All the trendy vodkas and gins are on the bottom floor next to the dusk pan.  The bartender loves and knows his Whiskey! In other words don't walk into this bar and ask for a rum and coke.  Order a Sazerac, Manhattan, or do a tasting of the various Ryes.
Absolutely delicious brunch. It may be a little pricey for dinner but it's affordable for brunch and so yum. My only criticism is the sriracha in the bloody mary -- I'm more of a horseradish fan.
If Southwark was in my neighborhood I'd be there weekly....then again if it were in my neighborhood, the place would be full of hipsters, making it not as good, so I'm glad it is where it is! Went there for late night, after dinner drinks and had a blast! The bartenders were funny and the service was better than 90% of the bars I've been to in Philly. The atmosphere was very nice, fun, unique, but wasn't overbearing. I've only been once, so it may be too early to tell, but I think this is my new favorite bar!
Love the place. I go here for drinks fairly often and it's always the best / classiest around. The Manhattans and Old Fashioneds are great and the Tom Collins are delicious - the perfect refreshment. Excellent selection of beers at all times too. Above all, the bartenders & owners deliver classy, friendly service. 

The hardest part is passing up the food, which I've tried on occasion and though pricey is completely worth it. Everything I've eaten here was delicious - clams, scallops, stuffed cabbage, soup, dessert...all AMAZING.
All around great experience last night, already planning to get back there asap.
A friend & I met, ordered a delicious bottle of wine (great wine prices) and 4 smaller plates, everything was so good. The dishes were beautiful, share plates were so pretty. The food tasted just as perfect. 
I don't write many reviews, I was in the business for many, many years and rarely find a place that I enjoy enough. I felt Southwark did it all from knowledgeable and friendly staff to delicious food to clean bathrooms....
Can not wait to get back!
headed down there a few weeks ago with my sister and brother in law. i had heard this place had an extensive bar, and my brother in law is a whiskey and rye aficionado- so i thought i'd bring him there and try to impress him. and he was impressed! we had drinks and dinner. the drinks menu is extensive- and really cool! 
the food as delicious. well...my food was. we all shared the farmhouse platter meats, cheeses, fruit, olives) and a spinach salad. i had a special- sweet potato and lamb groton. it was seriously mouth watering. my brother in law wasn't as impressed with the pork he ordered. my sister had quail- which was great and definitely different.
we ended the night with a homemade ice cream sandwich.

i would definitely recommend- although i wish the food menu was a little larger.
I visited Southwark for my friend's birthday.  I didn't quite know what to expect because the food is a bit more high end than I'm used to eating, but it was definitely worth the trip.

That night, they had premiered their tongue.  Although I didn't try it, my husband and my friend's boyfriend said it was delicious.  I had a simple chicken dish with wine and was not disappointed.  The wait staff was also incredibly helpful and gave us some wonderful recommendations on what we should drink with our meals.

I would go here again the next time I'm in Philadelphia.  One of the best restaurants I've eaten in there.
I hate to give this place a low rating. The atmosphere was great. It's very cute inside and out. The food was... fine. The service was... fine. Everyone is nice, but they don't seem authentic. I got the feeling that they didn't really want anyone but regulars there (which was weird because I live in qv). Like I said, they do their job well, but I didn't really feel welcomed there and I doubt I'll be back, but something tells me they don't care either way ‍
