I went for drunchies around 2:30am on a Friday night and we were seated right away. It's open 24 hour so everyone at that hour were from the bars.

I had the grits with cheese, eggs over medium, and bacon. Bacon was crispy, eggs were seasoned, and grits were cheesy. It was a lot of food and it's way better than diner chains. 

I'd come back for breakfast food if I was in the neighborhood.
When you day drink and decide around 11 PM you'd rather go eat diner food than go out to the bar, you search the internet for a 24 hour diner. That is what led me to make my way from Northern Liberties to South Street Diner around 11:30 PM on a Saturday night.

We bragged to our friends about how we were the true winners because we were on our way to eat home fries and bacon in a comfortable booth, while they were standing around paying for expensive drinks. The joke ended up being on us, because when we walked in the doors of South Street Diner to ask for a table we were told that they stop dine-in service at 11 PM and are take-out only. Why do bad things happen to good people?

This was a true bummer. We walked South Street in search of something besides Pizza and Wawa to no avail. By midnight, we ended up back at the stoop of South Street Diner and ordered takeout. Our order was estimated to be ready by 12:38, so we sat and waited. We got a notification our food was ready at 12:40, but sadly that was wrong. When I went to the door to go get my food, it was now locked. I called and asked the status and was told that they didn't know why it said my order was going to be ready because it was not. It would be another 10 minutes. 

I had made it this far, so I was not going to be discouraged by another 10 minutes. We decided to call an uber to take us home because the closest driver was about 15 minutes away. That uber driver came in about 15 minutes, waited for 10 and then left us with no ride and a $6 fee. Our food was not ready until after 1 AM. An hour wait for food is reasonable when it's late on a Saturday night into a Sunday morning. However, we would've just gone home and ordered delivery if we had known ahead of time.

The food itself, once we finally got it, was pretty good. I got the William Penn Special, eggs with a cheese sauce on top of english muffins with a side of home fries and bacon. They also put sausage in the container, not sure if I missed that on the menu or if they were pity sausages. Friends got the french fries, wings, and mozzarella sticks. No complaints on food quality, which is why this nightmare experience gets 3-stars.
This place fills the need to eat something relatively inexpensive late at night, when there is no where else to sit and eat in the area. Conveniently located on South Street near Wawa, it's easy to walk to when your hanging out on South. The restaurant is packed at night, but the food comes out reasonably fast even though there is high demand. The interior is dated- there are tiffanyesque lamps hung over the tables. One thing that creeped me out was that the table, booth and menus were sticky. To me, that means they are not cleaning these things as often as they should. I was a little upset to see that the breakfast sandwich w/ bacon that I ordered, came with no slices of bacon. There were bacon crumbles mixed in with my fried egg. Not a fan. Hashbrowns were average as well. My mate told me that their Cheesesteak w/ fries was fantastic.
Love a place that's open 24/7, love even more when it doesn't succumb to the clientele those hours tend to attract. The South Street Diner is bright and CLEAN with mismatched stained glass chandelier lamps illuminating the retro vibe. I had a mediocre grilled chicken wrap but, of all things, loved the the chicken orzo soup and perfect fries that came with my meal. Was very impressed with my boyfriend's Hungry Man breakfast platter; definitely made me wish I chose breakfast instead, even though it was midnight. Also notable, our waiter was kind and attentive and seemed to handle some of the aforementioned questionable clientele really well.
It's a frickin' diner...no different, bad, worse, or better than the rest of 'em.  Only difference is this one doesn't have a huge sign that reads "ALL BAKING DONE ON PREMISES."  

I hit this joint up the other night with dollface and my kiddo, figuring it would please him due to the variety I knew would be lingering on the menus.  Sure enough, there was enough shit to strangle a bulimic to choose from.  I got the chicken croquettes with mashed 'tatos and mac 'n cheese.  Little Wonder got the spaghetti and meatball.  Dollface just had some French onion soup.

Everything was tasty, and the waitress enjoyed calling dollface "mom" even though she isn't.  Dollface wasn't amused.  Little Wonder ate a few bites of spaghetti and then decided he'd rather have the bag of pistachios in my coat pocket.  The waitress remarked to him that she really liked those as well.  He didn't care.

My meal came with dessert, so I chose the strawberry shortcake.  It was good enough, with that cheap strawberry goo drizzled on top.  Kiddo receieved some chocolate chip cookies that he was happy with.  Dollface only had the soup, but liked the croquettes as much as I did.  We got out cheap - less than 20 bucks before tip.  Sweet deal for a good meal.
Really wished this place was better. Restaurant has been a staple of South St since I could remember. Today was hands down the worst food experience I had in a long time. 

Where to start... I had a hair in my home fries which was next to my eggs, I told the waitress, she took my plate and all she said was "I'm really sorry about that". Brought me a new plate and that was it. No discount on the bill, manager wasn't informed, nothing. Seems like it was just a routine thing.

Ordered: had the typical diner breakfast 2 eggs, corned beef hash, home fries and wheat toast. Fiancé had the "Township Breakfast", sausage, bacon, eggs, pancakes. Ugh, eggs are eggs, they were fine. My two bites of home fries tasted bland and had the texture of cardboard. I sampled the sausage at least that was tasting. Pancakes tasted like they were cooked on top of the burnt bacon oil. I took a bite out of each one and it was confirmed, pieces of burnt something on the bottom of the pancakes. 

Service: Fine, waitress greeted us asked if we wanted coffee and water. Took awhile to take our order tho. Would have given 2 stars, if they addressed my hair in food issue better.

Overall: only come here if you have no other option and trust me there are plenty of other options.
Stopped here recently to relive some old times of hanging out here with an old friend and my son. 

I'm here to say the food was just ok. Not spectacular in any way. 

The chicken croquettes and mashed potatoes barely passed. The croquette was a little overdone and the gravy didn't have nearly as much flavor as I like. 

I did kind of like the chicken orzo soup even though the orzo was a little soggy. The best food on the table was probably my son's chicken fingers and fries.
The last time I went here was Mother's Day and the waitress asked me if I was a mother.  My breakfasting companion seemed to sense my ire at such a question and deflected the vile about to come out of my mouth by asking her if she was a mother and wishing her a Happy Mother's Day.    

I used to go a lot when I was younger, but I rarely go anymore.  The food just isn't that good.    They've got a lot of rules for a diner but I guess you need them when you're on South Street lest your spot be blown up by patrons.  It's also not that cheap for a diner, but again it could be to keep the place from getting blown up.
Call me spoiled, but when I read "over mixed greens" I have visions of peppery arugula, bittersweet spinach, delicately crisp chard and so on and so forth.  So when my Lox and Asparagus Salad comes on iceberg lettuce, I feel like the kid who asked for a puppy for Christmas and got a stuffed animal named Fido instead.  I'm not even sure we can call Iceberg "green."  I think it's definitely in the translucent white family.

By now you are thinking, "Shauna, you ordered a salad at a diner.  What did you expect?"  Well maybe I am spoiled.  Spoiled by delicious diner fare at places like Silk City and Sam's Morning Glory.  Can you blame me?  

I would give this place another try, but only when the bars close or when I need a greasy morning after American breakfast to nurse my hangover.
South Street Diner isn't the best of Philly Diners. but It's always the house of some good memories. Back when I used to be big on Industrial music my friends and I would come here for a 2 AM breakfast fix after a night at the club. all the locals would give us confused looks that were monumental. 
I've had family live on South Street for many years now. so going here has been a must 24/7. not for the food, not for the service (which is actually pretty damn good on most nights). but simply for the tradition of catching up with old friends and reliving some good moments over coffee and a warm plate of eggs. and when it comes to doing so this place is the best.
Went there for a Sunday brunch, very busy, they told us it would be about a 5-10 min wait and...
... it actually was 5-10 minutes!  Had to wait a decent amount of time for our food but it was worth it - high quality breakfast.  We got two stacks of pancakes to split - the blueberry and chocolate chip pancakes were great and eggs with the usual toast and hashbrowns to go with it.  All solid, the service was decent despite the busyness.
What do you do when you sleep through breakfast time, but your husband still just has to have it? Well, if you're in Philly you can go to this place.  I'm sure there are other places, but this was the first one that came up close by. Finding a place to park was kinda hard, but we figured it out. The server was nice and didn't leave us waiting long. Whenever I see calamari on any menu I have to have it! I must say that the calamari was not good...like at all. My husband had the hungry lady breakfast and thought it was good. I had hot wings and enjoyed them as well.
Ordered breakfast on UberEATS and was satisfied with my egg and cheese sandwhich as well as the Hungry Man entree. Everything was cooked well and portions were good and as I ordered!
I've gotten to know the South Street Diner very well in the year that I've been living close by, and I will surely miss it when I soon no longer live in the neighborhood.

Like most diners, it's that reliable acquaintance. You're not that close, but you can call it up to hang out at the last minute and it will be available and agreeable. It's not the most exciting acquaintance, but it's there and you're there and it ain't all that bad.

My boyfriend and I have often come for breakfast on the weekends, for dinner on weeknights when we are really lazy, and recently when we spent our vacation home sick, South Street Diner was there with soups of the day and comfort food. The quality of the food has never been consistent, ranging from "eh, it'll do" to "I could totally order another," but I've never experienced "what on earth is that and why is on my plate." 

Service is consistently good, fast, and friendly, typical of what you'd expect from a diner.

My ONLY complaint, and this is a big one, is that they never have chocolate pudding. There's a vindictive part of me that wants to give this review one star on the basis of that, but I'm not That Yelper, so I will just go and be a whiny b!tch about it.
Terrible.  

Moldy cooked vegetables, worn plastic water glasses, over peppered soup, dishes left on table, torn booth seats, etc.
 
This place must be open 24 hours only to get customers by default.
24 hour diner breakfast, I'll admit that sometimes it really is a comfort to know that you're out there... but my experiences with the food at South Street Diner has been only "kinda alright," at best. For instance, the pancakes are OK, but...hmm? I don't know. Not great. I don't know how eggs can be so inconsistent. It's a mystery! No complaints about sides of  bacon or scrapple, if you're one who gets down like that. No complaints about the service either.

 I would cry tears of crankiness having to deal with how packed with insanity that the diner can be in the night, and I tell you the ladies who've waited on us have consistently been friendly. Another thing, the food tends to show up fast. 

I don't know why my husband ordered the creamed chipped beef on toast. 

Wait, for real. Let me just add that there was a time that I didn't believe that any dish known to run by the nickname, "shit on a shingle," could be ANY good, but it can be so I never call it by that gross, nasty nickname, poor ole creamed chipped beef....

So don't go blaaaming his breakfast choice...umm...though I did myself ask him, "These are the chances you're taking?"

 Good creamed chipped beef on toast with a side of home fries, I promise it does exist... just not here. He got served up some quite under-seasoned gelatinous glop which forced us to suddenly grasp why my husband's grandfather refused to ever eat "S.O.S.," ever again after getting outta the Coast Guard. Yike! We get it now, Pop-Pop!

I'd definitely recommend sticking to safer breakfasty style offerings if you catch yourself at South Street Diner at 3 AM cause everything's closed or whatever curious fate has found you there.
Crappy food, sometimes crappy service as well. You end up here under the following combination of requirements: 1) You're in the area 2) It's after most other eateries are closed 3) You're on the cheap 4) You're drunk or just looking for a place to socialize.

Sound like a familiar scenario? Don't expect anything great about this place.
Very interesting people watching at 2am. I have never eaten here completely sober. It is your typical diner. Service is hit or miss depending upon who your server is. They have diner food so don't expect world class cuisine. The food is also pretty unpredictable so I guess that depends upon who is in the kitchen. You will probably be happy here if you are craving something greasy after a night of drinking.
...Old reliable.  I've never had to wait for a table here, but I do wish they were open later like they used to be.  South Street Diner is a pretty typical Philadelphia diner.  Breakfast all day.  Inexpensive.  Lots of desserts and a notable amount of Greek food on the menu (?!).  Fair service.  Your waitress will almost definitely say "Yous" a couple of times (which, even though I don't say that, I love when other people do).  
You have to watch out because certain items on the menu are listed in several places and with several different prices, so make sure you're getting what you thought you were.  Otherwise, it's simply a reliable diner.
Could be worse, but could be much better. Overall, one of the few Philly diners left, as most have been priced out of town. Service is OK, overall, and breakfast can be good (French toast is pretty good here), but overall the consistency suffers in general in terms of it being good one day, bad the next day, so on. So the quality control is not where it should be.

Sandwiches are meh, although the Greek food generally isn't bad (Italian is OK too), but I find it hard to be compelling to go back with better options for all of these things pretty much open whenever and within a few blocks.
Here's the deal. South Street Diner is a diner. On South Street. If you're going there expecting Tavern on the Green, you're just stupid.

It really is the only place of it's kind in Philly proper. Sure, there are other late night diners around town, but this is the only one that is relatively central to those of us living in Queen Village/Center City/South Philly etc...

It's 24 hours, with a reasonably expansive menu. It's priced moderately. They have RELIABLE free internet access (I'm writing you from their connection now while streaming on Netflix.) The staff isn't a bunch of shiny happy clowns, but they are never outright rude either. Again, this is all kind of standard diner stuff.

The place is clean, it's fairly inviting decor wise, and to their credit they recently renovated the bathrooms in a big way. They're actually NICE. And there are a ton of eateries in Philly that are super fancy but have filthy, dilapidated restrooms.

The bottom line is that South Street Diner is a DINER. Diner food, diner people, diner atmosphere....but on the higher end in terms of food, price, experience et. al.

Recent meal:
1 coffee
1 unsweeted iced tea
"Hungry Man" breakfast: 3 chocolate chip pancakes, home fries, toast, bacon and scrambled eggs

total cost (WITH TIP): $20.00 - my only gripe here is that I added a pancake to the meal (normally comes with two) and the added pancake cost $3.00 - that's kind of insane.
I don't know how this dump is still in business. When I used to hang in the area, I hit this place at least five times with the hopes of getting decent drunken grub and service. 
Food was always subpar, as well as the service. 
The owners are an arrogant disgrace, the area deserves a better diner than this. And those are the reasons why I stopped going there. 
Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere ... Maybe if they lose business, they'll go under and a real diner person who cares will buy it.
South Street Diner - After a very long night/morning you welcomed me into your embrace and prepared me to face the equally long day ahead. This place exceeded my diner expectations, rivaling counterparts in NJ. In fact, it might be my FAVORITE diner in the tristate area. 

The  service was good. The waitress had personality for days and happily bantered with my party and me about her equally long night. 

The coffee was absolutely awesome. My Eastern Omelet hit the spot on every level. The bacon was crispy; the cheese was melty and plentiful. The hash browns were awesome. 

Looking forward to "recovering" here again soon.
For some reason, I find diners just irresistible. I LOVE their gum chomping, hair sprayed staff, homemade soup, and huge breakfast options.
Perfect for eating before the bar, or in the morning while the rest of South Street wakes up. 

Let's admit it, South Street is improving with their quality of restaurants, but you always need a diner in the mix. It seems a lot of restaurants have died on the block between Front and Second but yet the diner survives.

If you're in the mood for cheap eats, with a view of the South Street freak show, this is your place.
I've had enough inconvenient experiences here to put it on my "Anywhere But Here" list. From a wrap packed with bleu cheese tasting like Clorox on my tongue to trash on my water glass (how do you screw up water!?), there are enough diners to rule this one out and pick something else.
You're close to olde city and open 24 hours.. Your food is okay .. But you come in handy when the idea of pizza at 3am makes me sick and I'm intoxicated and need food. Oo and for a group of 9 @ 3am your service was great :)
Used to enjoy this place the food is decent, but the bathroom is really disgusting and I fear that the cleanliness standard in the bathroom is also the standard in the kitchen. Regretfully I will not come back despite good food and a very pleasant staff. I don't understand how they can allow A bathroom to be in this condition and expect to maintain a public following.
If the Shining had a diner scene, it would have been filmed here.

First, the ceiling fans. SO MANY CEILING FANS. All twirling fast, faster, faster still against beaming lights, vast mirrored walls, and tiled walls, too. Add in the three big brother TV monitors for a Big Box strobe effect with a penned-in, life-threatening feel.  

The food is perfectly fine, mildly pleasing, and mostly unsurprising, in the way that midnight food should be. You just have to be smart with your ordering (i.e., don't get friggin soup), and embrace the mixed results. I'm told the breakfasts here are the way to go; next time I'll give one a whirl. 

I went with:
- cranberry juice (exactly what you would expect it to be)
- chicken salad & bacon club sandwich on rye (chicken salad itself was marginal, but the bacon and nicely done toast, along with liberal applications of salt and ketchup bumped it to a 3 out of 5.)
- fries with cheese and gravy (low quality, completely off-diet, and upsettingly delicious.)

The couple in the neighboring booth enjoyed a slightly different menu. They went with:
- lesbian nuzzling
- booby comparing
- lots and lots of bad braids, homemade tattoos, low-waisted acid wash denim, and extremely slow, visible intimacy
- pancakes and i think fried chicken.

Finally and most importantly: 5-star waitress, and they're open 24/7. It's a keeper.
You can't swing a dead cat in Queens Village/South Philly without hitting a great place for bunch. Now if you're looking for fancy omelets, or things with brioche, compote, farm-raised, in them... then the good news is that you're reading this on Yelp so have at it, but this isn't the place. 

But what the South St. Diner is good for, and always has been, is 24 hours of solid diner style eats. From the inexplicable presence of a full bar, the waitresses, the crappy restrooms, to the small cups of tap water - this place is 100% Diner. So if you're looking for some greasy eats then this is the joint for you.

Now sometimes, depending on where they are in the stock cycle the food can be on the "eh" side, but for the most part you're going to get just what the Dr. Ordered. And on a good day? Forget about it. We've been going there for years and I am glad to see that the place sticks around. 

If you're craving "Diner" and are in South Philly - go get you some.
I'm not gung-ho about South Street, well...since I was about 19. However, when I do decide to eat there, I like this place.

South Street Diner is nowhere comparable to the diners of South Philly, but they give you that feel with a wide selection of cakes and pies (which I've never tried). On weekend mornings, you'll wait forever to eat a meal that's not the best. But what I do suggest is the week-night blue plate dinner specials. For @ $7-$8, you get a three course meal like mama-meets-cafeteria lady used to make. It's not the finest grub in the world, but I firmly believe it beats the alternatives.

The coffee is better than decent too, as is the friendly service.
This is going to be a two part review. First, the food: it's diner food, and that's really all there is to say about that. It's not expensive which is nice, but don't expect to have a fantastic meal. I've been here on a few occassions, and the food is always at least decent, but not the best diner food. The waitstaff is friendly and accommodating on the whole. 

The second part of this review is about an absolutely horrifying experience I had at the South Street Diner this past Saturday night. I went with a friend around 2 am, after doing some celebratory drinking (her 21st birthday). Directly across from our table was a group of (older?) teeagers, I believe. One girl was clearly too drunk to even be in a diner- she was asleep on a friend's lap, and when they finally woke her up she started crying, said she was going to throw up, and disappeared into the bathroom for an hour. Okay, it was 2 am, I get it. Then, a group of 3 middle-aged or slightly younger men sits in the booth directly behind me. They were some of the most obnoxious people I have ever met. They made rude comments to my friend and I, were being absolutely rude to the waitress (and when she left, they talked about her and the things they would do to her if they got the chance, ya know what I'm saying here?), and then proceeded to be rude to and loudly talk about a group of people that came in and were waiting for a table. My friend and I were fuming by the time we left, and when we went to pay (you pay at the register), the group in front of us had to split their check about 10 ways and we waited about 15 minutes.

Point of my story is: decent-to-good food, but it may not be worth it to go there, especially late night on a weekend. You really don't know what craziness is going to be happening.
Meh is right.  If this diner was anywhere else in the city no one would go.  However, it is brilliantly located on South Street where slews of hungry drunks congregate and ostensibly keep the doors of this establishment open.
As I have mentioned in previous diner reviews, I judge a diner by the quality of its french onion soup.  I don't know why, but I do.  South Street failed this test.  When I got my soup, the waitress told me that the first layer of cheese sank, so I got extra cheese.  Basically this equated to a ball of cheese with cheese on top masquarading as soup.  No bueno.
My friend got bacon on  the side of her meal, and the bacon was grey.  I have never seen anything like it.  
My tuna melt was not good.  The bread was super soggy and the tuna tasteless.  I thought that was a safe option but alas it wasn't.  
Just weird.
This was a typical diner/cafe, mediocre food eggs very undercooked and lacidasical service. The crowning touch was the dirty bathroom with graffiti on the garbage can!
It's a diner. On South Street. Does this really need more elaboration? LOL! 
It's a DINER! You don't go there for the gourmet cuisine! Ha! 
The burgers are good & I LOVE their cheesecake. 
Also, the eggs benedict is pretty good.
Hate their salads & dressings. 
Potato skins are delish! & their fries are crispy and yummy. 
Now why I really, truly love South St Diner. They have a full bar & it's cheap! 
They run awesome drink specials & there's always ample seating. The servers are mostly career waitresses & they're good at what they do. 
Also, it's like 2 blocks from my house and it's open 24/7, need I say more?
The best diner for after a night out. Gets a bit crowded at 2am 
But the food is great 
Coffee is always fresh 
Great soup too!!!!
I'm so excited to have found a diner-looking diner, among all the chic cafes.  I thought the service was great - my server was very polite and helpful.  Prices here can't be beat, either.  For $5.00 I had a side salad, a grilled cheese, pickle, and cole slaw.  The greens in the salad weren't fully dry, but otherwise it was tasty.  The cole slaw was crunchy and not overly sweet, and the pickle was a perfect deli pickle that I miss around here.  The best part was the grilled cheese. It was creamy and salty and crunchy and buttery, but somehow tasted very light as well.  I'm so glad I finally ate here and I look forward to trying other dishes.
This place is just a regular diner, which is AMAZING. Sometimes you just want plain ol' regular diner food (and a lot of it). 

The food is fine, the portions are huge and the staff gets you in and out quick. The place is large so even if it's crowded, you are always seated quickly. I will say, I've never been at 2 am or whenever the bars let out- I imagine that must be insane, but I really can't speak for that. 

Some dishes are hit or miss.  My favorite, favorite, favorite is the William Penn Special which is english muffins with scrambled eggs and cheese sauce with home fries and bacon. Any chance I get to squeeze cheese sauce into my life is welcomed. A "miss" is the huevos rancheros LA style... skip that one.

The menu is gigantic and with all those possibilities, I can't figure out why sausage and gravy isn't one of them... Regardless, there's certainly something for everyone. Prices are reasonable and portions are basically obscene. Staff are professionals- they know what they're doing and it's no bull. 

Even with the not so great aspects of this place- I wouldn't change a thing.
I always eat here when I'm down south street. But it sucked that they don't have a baby changing station in the bathroom.
Like Caitlin said, Jersey girls know their diners.  In fact, I find it both scary and a matter of honor that, in South Jersey, I can always think of a diner that's 1. open, 2. not completely scuzzy, no matter what town I'm in. 

But, unlike Caitlin, I like diners all of the time (not just centered remotely around alcohol).   As a teenager, it was as much of a social activity as it was a place to get a grilled cheese.  It needs to have some form of character (whether it's kitsch or crotchety servers) to be a true diner.

South Street Diner can actually be appreciated as a real diner, in my opinion. The atmosphere isn't terrible, considering where they are located.  The service isn't terrible (at least the few times I've been here).  They cook a mean breakfast all day long.  And what makes them a true diner (in my eyes) is that they have their own bakery! 

I like it, and I think it's worth the walk.
Decided one day to try a different diner and was pretty satisfied. The server was super friendly, always appreciate a server that I can have a conversation with. I got the spinach pie- spanakopita (appetizer portion) and it was sooo delicious and huge! can't imagine what the entree size looks like. Bf had the greek salad, also huge and i killed the feta cheese lol Overall a great lunch experience, would probably go back if i'm strolling around south street
You know that diner atmosphere you see in the movies, where you get the same waitress every time you come and she calls you "Hon'" and has the big hair and big nails and runs around like a mad woman but with a smile on her face?

Yeah, that's South Street Diner. Adorably familiar feeling, whether it's your first time or your fiftieth.  Great greasy grub, from burgers to omelets.  The best onion rings in the city. This place is like the Philadelphia "Peach Pit".
The Hungry Man and the Hungry Lady were good. The service was incredibly fast and pleasant. If the hash browns were a little more brown and shredded, I'd give another star.

The only thing that prevents me from giving another star is some sketchy math. The restaurant automatically generates a 15% tip, which I was totally cool with. But, the waitress told us that the restaurant takes the 15% for themselves and the waitresses only get any additional tips on top of that. Either the restaurant is dishonest since they aren't entitled to tips, or the waitress was lying to get more tips. Either way, it didn't feel right.
When in doubt... and every other place in center city has stopped serving dinner... yes, the south street diner is a place to get some food.  I'm not going to say it's classy (in the fact the bathrooms are dirty and you have to sit sideways on one of the toilets if you're tall... yea...), I can't say that the food is amazing (maybe amazingly fried... ), but it's a place to grab "cheap" grub when you're hungry late night after hours and for THAT specific reason it gets 2 stars.
This place is amazing! Great service!!  Best split pea soup I've ever had, they serve it on Thursday. Delicious salads, burgers and sandwiches. Best diner in Philly. Breakfast - Lunch & Dinner all day and ts always good!!!
Made us order outside the diner in 35 degree weather and demanded that we ordered a specific dollar amount person, other people in front of us were not treated this way. Cannot comment on the food because we were not allowed in. Sad times we are living in.
I love a diners. I love booths (I believe i've admitted to a slight booth addiction on other reviews). And for that I love the South Street Diner. There's something so comforting about coming back again and again to this strange little diner and receive similar experiences. That's what you learn to depend on in a diner. So SSD definitely is not the best diner in the world, but it's very decent and if you are starved and broke, always a good option.
I always have room in my heart for South Street Diner. Coffee and pie after seeing a movie at the Ritz? Sure. Traveling across town just to walk the street and eat here? Why not. The Stiff Little Fingers show at the TLA has just let out and you really got the urge for grits at midnight? Oh yes, I've done that.

The South Street Diner isn't exactly fancy, but it hits all the right notes that a good diner should. Comfy seating, good variety, fair prices, and a case of appealing dessert options, I actually wonder why I'm not eating there now.
I really like the food here -- when they get the order right. I've had more success dining in the restaurant (obviously, can send a wrong order back) than with take-out. I received an omelet with no cheese, and another time they completely forgot my side order of grits. 

Love that it's open 24 hours. The servers are always really nice and attentive (just try to ignore the sounds of the screaming chef from the kitchen).
I should have listened to my gut when I walked in here and the restaurant was pretty much empty.   Service was slow.  We had to keep tracking down the server and asking for drink refills.  I ordered a mozzarella cheese omelet for $8.00 and crunched on some egg shells.  That pretty much killed it for me. Didn't feel like eating anything else once that happened.  Got the check and left.  Definitely won't be returning.
Ummm, unassuming empty dive on the south end of South Street. Stopped in for late night coffee. It should have been casually forgettable, but it became an upsetting experience branded into my memory mostly because the pancakes were so bad that I'm not sure they were even pancakes. They were chewy and tasted like sand, semen, and orange juice, quickly dissolving upon putting them into my mouth. I struggled to get my teeth through the matter and swallowing was almost impossible.

The waitress, who was wearing a Planet Fitness t-shirt, refused to accept that we weren't interested in having the pancakes and simply wanted them sent back, brought us another set of pancakes. She explained that the first batch was made with water and pancake batter from the box, but the new ones were buttermilk flavored and made from batter prepared by the "chef." Okayyyyyy. They were equally as terrible. She then lied and said she wouldn't change the price on the bill because it was more expensive than the previous ones. Not true.

I'd also like to note that when I asked her how the corned beef hash was, she flatly said "I wouldn't know," and shrugged.

She eventually dropped the bill and stared at us and our nearly untouched food until we signed and tipped on the check, but not before pulling the pens out from her scalp she'd be itching the whole night. And the coffee was lukewarm.
This is a great 24 hr staple in Philly. I can highly recommend the waffles and milkshakes. It's always there when you need some late night comfort food, or hangover food, or breakfast anytime..... Cheap, well rounded diner food, gotta love it :)
0 stars is more like it! But you have to at least give 1. 1 star is overly generous.

My friend and I went to this eatery around 12:30am on a Saturday night. Place wasn't packed but considerably busy. We were seated quickly with menus. We made up our minds fast as we were starving. 

Our waitress has to be in the top 2 of worst waitresses I've ever experienced. She took 20 mins to bring us water. In addition to that she was very rude when taking our order. She asked me to speak slower so I did so she could "get my order correct." When doing so she said "we aren't in Alabama you could speak faster than that." It took all the strength in my being not to tell her off.

Sooo. Our order finally comes. 30 mins or so later. My order is wrong. And she forgets to bring me a Diet Coke. I didn't  get the Diet Coke until I was almost finished with my food. But going back to my order being wrong. I asked for a fried egg on a Turkey Bacon L T with Cheese. No egg was added. She insulted me and asked" are you sure you didn't eat the egg?" Well obviously I didn't eat it. Because if I ate it I wouldn't be complaining. Then she went on to say she would see what she could do about removing the egg from my bill. Hmm you'll see? No. Wrong answer. You can't charge someone for something they didn't receive. 

Worst part about this place is that they add gratuity to your bill. Ugh. 

Food is okay. But the experience was so horrible that it wouldn't have mattered if I was at a 5 star restaurant.

Never again.
This is a fabulous place if you want to drink your face off and hide from your friends. Who knew that had a full bar AND they were a diner.

The staff and sassy and sweet. Really kept the zingers coming. 

I will make this my friday nooner every week!
This place is just like every other diner I've been to ever, and I grew up going to Denny's, Perkins, and a bunch of places when I lived in Jersey. It might as well be one of the Midtowns, which feel about the same to me and are also open 24 hours. Like any diner these days, I probably wouldn't initiate coming here on my own - but if someone invited me, sure why not. Disclaimer: the only things I ever really get at diners are black coffee or tea with lemon, and, like, toast/fruit salad. i find these things to be pretty much consistent from diner to diner. you're welcome for the non-review.
This is probably one of my favorite diners in Philadelphia.  I always order simple things (grilled cheese, soups, salads, fries, etc) so I have never  been disappointed.  The servers, particularly the ones during the weekday afternoons, are so pleasant.  My classmates and I will frequent here on our lunch break and they never get flustered or irritated with us.  The food comes out super fast and is always great.  The prices can't be beat.  There has never been a time when I didn't enjoy my food here.  

One time the man cashing us out was super rude and refused to split our check for us, which we thought was odd because we do it all the time... I won't let him effect my review though, I love South Street Diner!
The food, large menu and service were actually very good. Selections on menu amazing they have so much. Our waitress very attentive and the portion size is unbelievable. I ordered 2 eggs scrambled on the side and what was brought to me had to have been from giant chickens if it were only 2 eggs. Largest 2 eggs I've ever seen. Everything on this side of the restaurant looked and tasted great.

Now the miss is The Mens Room. I don't believe I've ever been in a more disgusting mens room anywhere, and if I would have used the restroom before we ordered I would have turned around and left immediately. The stool and seat were covered in urine and feces, the walls completely covered in graffiti, no soap or paper towels in sink. I only hope that this is not the restroom the cooks use also because if it is how could they be following proper food handling techniques?
Not my favorite place to eat! The service is confusing and rude! I was even told by a service person that I was too cocky after complaining about bad service.Food served is distasteful and over priced! Think twice before entering! Go to IHop instead!!
I'm not sure why this place gets a rating below 4, but my latest experience was terrific.  Amazing Pork Chop, terrific sides, and a really jumpin' atmosphere. It is a bit noisy at nights, but that adds to the lively atmosphere. Service was great and the staff was terrific.
I would have given this place one star if it weren't for the old-school atmosphere, sweet throw-back nineties music selection and that it's open 24-hours. Needless to say, however, I will not be returning to South Street Diner. Despite a very long wait, Campbell's-tasting seafood soup, a tiny, overpriced milkshake, dry french toast, under-cooked home-fries and a nauseating monte cristo, the true sign of this diner's inferiority was in its overcooked eggs, a diner staple that should be nearly impossible to mess up. To top it off, nowhere was it mentioned on our receipt that a 15% gratuity would be added to our bill on a Friday evening and we consequently over-tipped for hardly tip-worthy service.
I'll try to keep this sweet and short, unlike their menu. I will NEVER be going back to this "diner". First of all there is a $5 minimum for everyone at the table. Their vegetable noodle soup tasted like a lukewarm bowl of BBQ sauce. I ordered a Mediterranean Panini and did not receive a panini or anything close to "Mediterranean" food. If I had to make a Venn diagram of this sandwich and an actual panini they would have nothing in common. The sandwich featured a cold slice of unseasoned eggplant, a piece of iceberg lettuce, and a tomato. To be fair, the "panini" comes with feta cheese but I didn't get the cheese because I'm vegan. Even if there were feta cheese on this sandwich it is not anywhere close to a Mediterranean panini. The best part about this diner is the mints. I watch Chopped. I know what good food is.
The staff here could not be any sweeter and accommodating. The food is always delicious, service is always quick whether it is sit down or take out (i do both frequently). If i could give more stars I would. Great diner, 24/7, try the burgers!
Exceptional.  Traditional diner food, but well done.  Friendly fast service.   Fries were really good. Had the Greek salad.  Wife had the pork tenderloin.  Voluminous and well seasoned.  Waitress herself was a bit of a dish too!
Normally I would nurse a morning after hangover with some soup, more specifically, pho (trust me on this).  But, recently, my friends wanted diner food instead, and this is how I found myself at South Street Diner.  The food was good, service was fast, and portions were generous.  At 11 am, I got the steak and eggs (yeah that's right).  It came with a good size steak, two eggs, homefries and toast and butter.  I ate it all (oink oink).  I must have been really hungry.  I wanted my steak medium rare, but it came out more like medium well.  It was still good (seeing as how I ate it all), but a little disappointing.
We come here for breakfast. Fantastic pancakes and eggs and hashbrowns and toast. Nice orange juice to. Very polite waitresses. Whoever is writing negative reviews don't know what there talking about. Will continue to come here
South Street Diner is a typical American diner with a huge menu but it is by far my favorite. I moved from Philly to New York but we make sure to visit SSD every time we return to visit family. They have the best chocolate chip pancakes in the world and the staff are friendly and attentive. I ordered delivery last time I was in town due to COVID and was pleasantly surprised that the food I received (in 20 minutes!!) was just as good as always and they gave me extra butter and syrup.  My boyfriend was actually mad that I got it without him.  Really hope the diner can make it through these tough times.
Basic diner fare.. Nothing super special about it. I think the only time I've been here is when I've been heavily intoxicated lol. Years ago, this place was getting robbed and had issues with drunk customers so they stopped being open 24 hours and started closing around midnight. Things have changed and they are back to being open all night. I had a bacon cheeseburger, medium but came well done.. I love steak fries with loads of salt (God bless my arteries) so that was a bonus. The bathrooms are way in the back, down some steps and up some steps. Not cool for drunk women in heels lol. I'll come back again after a few drinks.
I really wasn't expecting much in my quest for a breakfast burrito, but was pleasantly surprised! 

PROS: soft perfectly cook eggs, just the right amount of cheese, and bacon or sausage. It comes with a side of home fries (shredded and crispy). Both were fresh and delicious!

CONS: a bit small.
This place is ok, it's somewhere to go when everything else is closed bc they are open 24/7. Sandwiches are pretty good but I think the best thing on the menu are their buffalo wings. They give you like 12, they're affordable and delicious
Definitely a greasy spoon type of place, but they do the whole diner thing really well here. The diner is split into two parts, one part on the ground and one above it, with nice booths overlooking scenic South St. Our waitress was very "diner" if you know what I mean. The sort of loving, yet somehow weathered and tough, type of service you seek and want from a diner's waitstaff. The food itself was good, obviously greasy but hey that's what you come for at a diner. The price wasn't too bad, probably getting more than what you pay for. Looking for a greasy spoon that serves up pretty good food? South Street Diner has it!
Gotta say... I love this place. Food is good, portions reasonable,  service is excellent and price is a little high but doable. The sad part is the place is dirty and run down and has so much potential.  It wouldn't take a lot of money to clean this place up, upgrade it and make it feel a whole lot nicer. With the changes in this area they're wasting potential the owners are.
I used to love this place...
Not so much anymore.

The food was not that great- and I don't have high expectations when I go to any diner- And I love diners! The portions were big, but I found some hair in my food (instant turn off).

The diner itself was really dark- even for the big windows and sun shining outside. There were only a few staff, which I think is pretty normal compared to the other times I have been there, but our waitress seemed to be waiting most of the tables alone and was getting picked on by all of the rest of the staff in front of all of the customers. I felt so bad for this employee when she came to take our order we were as polite and nice to her as possible. She was pleasant through the entire time, but the rest of the staff was not.

The bathrooms in this place were worse than I remember. Its creepy, not well lit, and there is writing and peeling paint all over the walls and stalls. Half of the diner doesn't look like it even gets used, as things were stored in those two areas of the diner.

Overall, I was really disappointed, as I remember being there a lot just a year ago and it wasn't like this at all!
Ah, the memories.  Of nights spent in the mid '80s roaming South Street with friends, purple hair, Adam Ant makeup, midnight Rocky Horror at the TLA followed by 2 AM at the South Street Diner.  

Some things have changed since then.  My hair is dyed brown to cover gray, not purple to cover brown.  Rocky Horror can now be popped into the DVD player.  TLA is now a live-music venue.  At 2 AM I'm writing Yelp Reviews and catching up on email.  Some things are the same, though: the South Street Diner lives on.

Went there for lunch one day after visiting the Philadelphia Magic Gardens.  We were seated promptly in a fairly comfortable booth.  It was odd, though, there was a strange motor-vibration in the floor below us.  A gentle vibration, but odd.  They also seemed to be having some temperature control issues as we were alternately chilly and comfortably warm.  The booths are not gigantic, nor is the diner itself, especially since they changed the configuration to offer a separate 'take out' area.  

Anyhow, we were provided with the expected classic Philadelphia diner menu - everything from Greek to Seafood to Quesadillas.  Breakfast is served 24 hours so if you want an omelet at 2 PM it's not a problem.

Our group had: Meatball Parmesean sandwich, eggplant parmesan sandwich, fried jumbo shrimp, fried clams, and a chili cheese dog.  Soups were chicken vegetable with rice (good to the last drop) and clam chowder (also happily slurped).  All were declared good to "Great" with the most enthusiastic thumbs up for the fried clams.  Portions were generous.

Service was irregular.  We were never able to snag drink refills, the check was slow,  there was little-to-no clearing of dishes, which is annoying.  However, our server, when we were ordering and planned an 'appetizer' shrimp, pointed out the kid's meal shrimp - cheaper, and came with a soda. 

Kitchen timing also was a little off, with an uncomfortable time lapse between soups and meals.  

Four of us, including two kids, ate for $45, which we felt was reasonable given the amount of food we had.  You could easily eat for $10 or less if you weren't my son who has to order three different items and eat only 3 bites of each.  *sigh*

I'm taking stars off for the weird vibration and the inconsistent service, otherwise this would rank a 4 star.  Solidly performing diner in the heart of Headhouse/South Street/Queen Village.
A friend suggested this hidden diner on South Street after we had just played football outside in the snow, and it was what you would expect out of a typical diner.

We went on a Saturday around 11:30am and the service was friendly and quick. We weren't waiting much before our drinks were ordered and food came out. It was a party of five and we ordered various things from the florence benedict and grits, home fries, banana french toast, bagels and eggs. 

I ordered the Southern omelette which came with home fries (or grits) and toast. The butter for my toast was SO DELICIOUS! The omelette was a little smaller than I expected, but that could have been due to the large amount of home fries! 

My boyfriend had the florence benedict and the sauce on top was hardened. Wasn't as runny as a sauce should have been. His grits were cold too, but we think it was because they wanted to serve all the food at once.

There's plenty of metered street parking. The surrounding area is very cute and worth exploring! 

Prices were fair for a diner in the city!
Just sat down with a party of 7 for a low key brunch with my Mom & sisters.  We received zero service over twenty minutes.  A woman asked abruptly if we'd been seen..my sister said no but the woman barely stopped to hear her response.  There was discussion about who would get us water amongst the staff...the answer was no one.  We left to find an establishment that values service.  We recognize this is a diner and were anticipating 5 star service.  Just don't want to see servers sitting and watching TV while you wait on a simple cup of coffee. This place is everything that the Philly food scene is not!
My bf wanted eggs at 11pm. We couldn't think of a better place to go so he suggested this place which in his memory was decent. Maybe he had a few drinks the last time he came here because after his meal, he said my scrambled eggs were better and I've never had worst home fries. The pancakes were ok. Service was friendly but not sure if we'll be coming back soon.
Apparently Philly places don't answer their phones... I'm not going all the way there to find they're closed.
Save your money, the butter tastes weird. Watch out for THE WEEKEND GRATUITY!! You've been warned. I have a gripe with the way this place is run. Probably won't be returning any time soon. Good food actually, service is okay. I actually was digging the atmosphere. I just want the management and the owners to improve. My last visit left me unhappy.
Haven't been to this spot in years. Went for breakfast & all in all was very good: hot grits, breakfast meat & great coffee. The pancakes were a little sweet but definitely alright. Now...its a little dark inside (even at 10am) with the lights down low. I can usually see what's written on a menu but I was struggling. Lol. Bathroom was clean & reading the etched out messages on the stalls kinda took me back to my teenage days. Overall this place I will come back to. I gave 1 less star due to the darkness inside & needing help to read the menu.
Good service, good food. We always come here when we are in Philly. It's a great place to hang out, relax and eat. Great for breakfast. My favorite are the omelets. I can't wait to try one of their 7 types of Eggs Benedict!

Watch out for the hot chocolate. I got it and it still had clumps of hot chocolate powder....
