I ordered delivery from Square on Square one day this week just before noon. Though the food delivery websites stated that the only option at the time was for pick-up, I called the restaurant and they confirmed that they could deliver. So, keep that in mind if you want delivery. 

I ordered a quart of wonton soup and chicken with spicy garlic sauce. The food was very tasty, and definitely better quality than some other Chinese take-out spots, but also more expensive. The chicken portion was on the smaller side though I did still get two small meals out of it, since I also had the soup. 

I'll definitely give these guys another shot the next time I'm craving Chinese - would love to try some of their other options.
Center City and University City have several gourmet Chinese & Chinese Fusion restaurants.  But sometimes you are meeting people and just want an affordable down-to-earth but still very good Chinese restaurant.  And that is where Square on Square comes in.  This mainstay in the Rittenhouse Square area serves really good, solid and affordable Chinese food.  No it's not going to replace Susanna Foo's Suga for creative dishes but I still always find something tasty on their menu .... or even off the menu.  A recent dinner party I attended at Square on Square confirmed its role in Center City.  I loved my shrimp toast which I ate as an appetizer.  And the Mongolian Merlot beef served over a bed of spring onions (although not on the menu but they will still cook it for you) was a tasty entrée....especially mixed in with a house made chili sauce.  Service was attentive and friendly and everyone at the dinner party was perfectly content that we met up and partook of a square meal at Square on Square.
it's quite the dinky place, but the food comes in huuuuge portions...
hot and sour soup is quite hot...but that's about it.
got the beef and green beans, and the sauce is quite flavorful...i'd definitel do take-out again from here, but probably will not dine here again.
I never thought I'd say it, but the best Chinese restaurant in Philly just might not be in Chinatown. With the freshest ingredients available and attentive service Square On Square is sure to impress. As many reviews have indicated it may go down a notch if you have your mind set on Nostalgic offerings like wonton soup and General Tso's (Powell is pretty different). But you're not going here for tradition, you're going here to take that tradition up a notch. So if you ever wanted to find out what that chicken entree tastes like with finer cuts of meat, or how those beef portions are with a better quality steak than you're home.

We were seated promptly by a friendly and attentive server who made sure that everything was to our liking every step of the way. And even though we didn't have a kettle on our table, our cups of tea were never empty. The steamed dumpling that we ordered for an app were the hugest that I've ever seen, and they definitelty didn't skimp on the chicken filled center. I ordered the scallops and shrimp in hot sauce and wanted it spicy, and that sauce might just be the spiciest thing that I've ever had out of Chinese restaurant. And the scallops were easily the freshest that I had out of one. I can't wait to go back.
So i went with my boss and the president of the company on our 3rd night in Philly based solely on the reviews from Yelp. 

I am very very pleased and so where they. 

For the price, this was close to one of the better Chinese we have ever had.

They had the hot and sour soup, which our company president is a bit of a connoisseur of. He's fairly certain it was some of the best he's ever had.  I had the steamed dumplings and it was probably these that stopped it from getting 5 stars. While good, there was nothing remarkable about them outside of the sauce. 

They ordered the General Powell's Chicken while i had the Spicy Beef and Scallops. The General Powell's Chicken was clean (not super greasy) and the sauce was good, not lumpy and thick.  

The Beef and Scallop is getting its own paragraph. The beef was incredibly tender without being suspect like some chinese restaurants have. The scallops were cooked expertly with absolutely no rubbery texture to them. My boss even compared them to Logans in Ann Arbor, which is quite a measuring stick. The steamed greens that the dish was plated on were delicious and the sauce with chunks of fresh cut garlic and ginger slivers was amazing.  I ate a lot of it with a spoon (kinda like I wish i had with the Ghent Mussels broth at Monk's). 

We would definitely be returning here for dinner if we are to be back in Philly, fantastic choice.
I'm always pleased with my meal at Square on Square.  Chicken is white meat and tastes and looks like chicken, not some stringy chewy version of chicken.   Beef is tender and flavorful.  All sauces are yummy, and seasoned with garlic and onion  and they will make "spicy" if you ask.   The sauces are not the gloppy, congealed, overly corn starched type of sauces you commonly get at other, crappy chinese spots.    

I much prefer writing reviews where I bash a place because it sucks.  Those types of reviews are more fun to write and end up being much more fun to read.  But I really can't complain about anything at Square on Square.

Love their hot and sour soup and wonton soup   Good kung pao chicken.  Good beef and asparagus.   Crispy and delicous spring rolls.   Order anything on the menu (except the sushi) and I think you will enjoy.
The restaurant itself is pretty nice.  The staff was friendly, if not overly attentive.

The orange beef was very tasty.  The chicken and peas was very bland, and all the vegetables just tasted like they came out of a freezer bag.

Nothing I had was "nasty" but nothing was worth going back for, either.  I've enjoyed Chinese buffets more than this.
The meat and vegetables are amazing for Chinese delivery in Center City.  Nooow, that's not saying all that much....

The quantity of food in the dinner portion hasn't really differed from the lunch portion.  The spareribs aren't all they are hyped to be, at all.  The wonton soup is great.

The sauces are sticky an inedible in my opinion.  So, I recommend getting your dish steamed w/ sauce on the side or avoiding the sauces.  The sauces make the dish taste like a meaty jello mold...f'reals.  It's soooo disappointing. I haven't had their noodle dishes.  The brown rice is good;).  I would have given at least three stars if something were done about those sauces, ugh....I'm conflicted.
Very unauthentic in my opinion. Honestly though, the service during lunch was great - the waiters were quick and attentive - however, the meal tasted like there was a lot of MSG (entree and soup) and the almond cookie and fortune cookie were stale to the core.

I ordered a lunch special dish (forget exactly what it was called, but had scallops, shrimp and tofu) requesting it to be extra spicy. It was not spicy at all and the general flavoring was so-so. And finally, I was surprised to see how expensive the dish was. With an 18-20% tip, I paid $17 for lunch for myself. Crazy. I guess I've been too spoiled living in San Francisco for the last 10 years - cheap and authentic Chinese food. This seemed far from it.
Sorry, I just didn't see what everyone else saw/ate.  The menu here (for lunch, at least) was tiny and uninclusive.  That is, unless you like Americanized Chinese food, in which case I guess having General Tso's chicken or Kung-pao whatever would be good.  That or some meat and brocolli.

I felt like I was eating at a sit-down version of a American Chinese food-cart place.  The food is, imo, unauthentic.  Also no options for vegetarians, which is really strange in a Chinese restaurant..

Good service, though.  And they were very timely with consideration towards our business time parameters.
This is the only Chinese restaurant where I will order meat.The cleanest and most delicious food. The chicken actually has the texture of chicken and not some other chewy nasty substance. The service is tops-I LOOOVVVEEE this place
Finally used my eversave (valid only during dinner - and I sure know why!)

Service was just awful - very cold female server worked her butt off - while other guy stood there (not wonder she's so angry).

The food was good.  "Happy Hour" small plates are $5 - I tried the "Fried Shrimp Joe" which was kinda like shrimp-toast filling deep-fried and cut into chunks.  Tasty - but so greasy - will not get that again.

Sliced beef with eggplant (and I added brocolli - no charge) for $16.50 was a HUGE portion (Took about 1/2 home) and the beef was tender and delicious.

Great food - but this place is a LUNCH SPOT - and is truly cursed at dinner (dine-in).
Dim lighting, borderline mean servers and just not fun.

Won;t be back so soon.
Meanwhile - for takeout I love the hot and sour soup here.
Again - they have GREAT food.
It's a shame my dinner "dine-in" was so MEH.
Yum!

And the large-quantities thing is no joke.  I ate the Singapore noodles for almost four meals... and they were amazing.  Just spicy enough, just enough curry, lots of little bits of bbq pork and various veggies.  We've also had the bbq ribs (yum), general powell's chicken (ok), and popcorn chicken (so so so fried).  And the negi maki, which I'm pretty sure had cheese in it.. which is strange for a Chinese dish, but I love cheese, so whatever...

In any case, the dish that prompts this review is the beef chow fun.  Back home in California beef chow fun was a staple of my Chinese take-out habits and I like it a particular way.  Happily for me, Square on Square makes it just that way: Lots of noodles, lots of beef, green onions, bean sprouts, very little sauce.  Delish.
ordered take out last week for lunch .. the lunch specials start at 8.00 maybe im being a cheap o but whats so special about that. 
My shrimp with black bean sauce was pretty good and the handsome  business men were a plenty so maybe ill dine in next time.
Service was quick and efficient ordered and received my food in under 15 min.
The BEST Chinese around - and its not even in Chinatown.
We got delivery today - a day-after-the-snowstorm order takeout kinda day.

A QUART of the fabulous hot & sour soup always cures what ails me.
Delicious chicken & snow peas.
Pan fried dumplings are average - not mind blowing.

Service was friendly on the phone and lightening fast (They showed up in 17 minutes!)
Some of the best chinese food I've every had! 

I got the beef and broccoli along with some egg rolls and soup. It was all divine. Great portions and prices. Service was fast and attentive.
Ok, so I know it's not really authentic Chinese food, but really, how can you even pretend to be a Chinese restaurant and NOT have chopsticks on the tables.  Pretend, just a little, pretty please?  

Really though, other than that, I really enjoyed Square on Square.  The portions were large, the food was good, and the service was wonderful.  I also really appreciated the inventiveness in the dishes; it was fun to see so many non-traditional dishes on the menu.

While paying for the ambiance, the food, and service doesn't bother me at all, I'm surprised at the number of people that order take-out.  Chinese food is chinese food, and there are certainly cheaper places around if you don't have the time to sit down and enjoy in the restaurant!
Hmm, not too shabby. I placed an order for takeout, they told me it would be ready in 5 minutes, and after thinking to myself "shit" I raced there in the 135 degree Philly heat. The people who worked there were very, very friendly and polite. My food was ready as promised. 

Scallion pancakes: Flavor wasn't bad but they were too thick/doughy. I could have done without these. 

General Powell's: Overall, this was a very good dish. The flavor was there and it is one of the better General's I've had in Philly. For that reason, they get a 4 and not a 3. Back to the dish- broccoli was fresh, portion was good size. The chicken had its pros and cons- On one hand, they used white meat, which was great in the sense that I could tell it was normal chicken meat, which also was not veiny/fatty/gross. On the other, this caused the chicken to be pretty dry, but luckily, there was plenty of delicious sauce to drown each bite in. 

Lastly, I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the masterful packaging of my takeout order. Everything was meticulously and individually wrapped, just like a Christmas present. Utensils, sauces, fortune cookies, and even some ooolong tea and extra almond-tasting cookies! Attention to detail and extra cookies = extra star.
I first came here on a Groupon a few years ago and got the General Powell chicken, which is the best take on General Tso's I've ever eaten. It could have been spicier - though I'm sure you can request your desired level of heat - but it was fresh-looking, white meat. and didn't look like it was drowned in oil. Whatever Square on Square does, they do right. 

Years later I came back with a lunch group after a nearby restaurant botched our reservation, and we were seated immediately and felt welcomed by the hostess even though they had to move some tables around. Just the fact that I can get a group in here at lunchtime is great, but that every single person could leave full and happy with their meals makes it all the better.

There's some of the typical offerings of a Chinese food menu, but other things you won't find at your neighborhood corner store. On my last visit, I ordered soup dumplings, which were light on broth (maybe they're supposed to be; I'd never had them before) but really flavorful. I tried their dan dan noodles, because Han Dynasty turned me on to them. Square on Square's have a little kick but aren't served in a bowl with so much chili oil you can already taste the pain. I admit I was a little disappointed to not shed any tears through my lunch, but if you're looking for a mellowed out dan dan noodle, you now have a place to go. They're pretty damn good.

I'm surprised by the mixed reviews on service. I've felt in my handful of visits that the service was super friendly with the right amount of attention and drink refills. Food is prompt and hot, and I even got reprimanded for letting my soup dumplings sit too long while I waited for others to get their food because I shouldn't eat them cold. If servers have pride in the food they're serving, that says a lot. 

Will definitely be back.
Food was really good for non-Chinatown Philly chinese food! Vegetarian friendly.

The experience wasn't bad....just downright weird... 

1. When I gave the waiter my phone to scan the Livingsocial deal, he grabbed the phone out of my hand and kept the phone for like 20min. 
2. Apparently the deal was for dinner not lunch, so two waiters came and grabbed the lunch menus out of our hands and gave us dinner menus.
3. The waiter did not speak conversational English, which in any other situation, I'm totally ok with, but not particularly easy for service (at one point he showed us his pad in Mandarin and asked if the order was correct, lol!)
4. He kept suggesting other things other than what we wanted. 
         Friend: I'll take the szehuan garlic chicken with tofu instead of chicken
         Waiter: Ok so you like sweet and spicy? How about the blah blah blah?
5. We said no mushrooms and got them in 2/3 entrees :/ 
6. They charge $2.50 for sharing.. wtf? Like NO friend you can't try some of my food unless you pay me $2.50. 

The service definitely got progressively better, but boy was I confused AS HECK in the beginning. Maybe I'll stick to delivery next time... 

DINNER entrees were $11ish for most veggie items.
Cute clean restaurant. I got take out and the owner was super nice and friendly when we came to pick it up. He offered some recommendations for next time!

The food was so fresh. I got sesame chicken, it was real chicken! Chunks of chicken that were so fresh I was very happy! Could use a little more breading on the chicken. They gave you broccoli as well that was fresh not frozen. Overall the food quality was great and surprisingly felt very healthy. Can't wait to try something else!
They put chicken in vegetarian dish! Even after confirming twice that we cannot eat meat, they added chicken to Buddhist delight.! Can't believe. 

This place is never again for me.
Beware the additional "tip" that is added to your bill.  I used the online order , including my address in Grey's Ferry.  When the food arrived it was $5 more than the receipt form the order on line.  When I called to ask I was told it was because it was more than 10 blocks.  I'm okay with an additional charge as long as it is added into the bill when I place to order.  My final receipt showed no service charge or tip.   With my address they could have calculated that at the time of the order and put it in then..  They also had my phone number to call me and ask if I was willing to pay the $5 extra.  The food was very good but not worth the the lack of transparency in ordering and charges.
This is a clear front runner for worst Chinese in center city. We only ordered because my wife lost track of which are the good options (Golden Lake, New South China, Mandarin Palace, etc.). This one was 30 minutes late, forgot the sweet and sour sauce, and neglected to cook the broccoli. The food was bland, but they get one extra star for the pork fried rice, which is legitimately good. Everything else was trash. 

Karen - I don't know if you read Yelp reviews, but please don't order from here anymore. Thx.
This is one of my favorite Chinese food spots in the city. I have no idea why this place is so underrated. I live in Bala Cynwyd and any time I'm craving Chinese food I always consider making the drive because it's so much better than our local spots. 

Pro tip: if you want chicken and broccoli it is not on their menu but they can make it. Just say you want chicken and broccoli in brown sauce. 

Also, just to temper expectations this place is not a fancy spot it's just really good Chinese food. 

Also the drink specials here are really good and my wife loves the cosmos.
I am completely horrified after finding a COCKROACH in my takeout lunch order today. Square on Square did refund my meal, but it does not make up for this extreme violation of health code. I am not being over dramatic, if you wish to see more evidence, please go to https://www.phila.gov/services/permits-violations-licenses/get-a-license/business-licenses-permits-and-approvals/food-businesses/look-up-a-food-safety-inspection-report/ and look up Square on Square to see other violations. I will never be ordering from Square on Square again.
We've gone to square on square for years as we lived above it before it moved and love the new location even more. Unfortunately, something has really changed. We ordered the other night and after over an hour with no delivery, we called just to check on the status. The person who answered didn't take our name or number or even say hello, just asked did we already place an order, we said "Yes" and they replied "its on the way" and hung up. We called back again because that was a rude way of handling a customer and received the same response back in the same manner at which point we requested a full refund.  We understand these are hard times and things will happen like getting backed up or a misestimation of the time it will take to deliver (we are only a few blocks away). That said, just be upfront with your paying customers and don't be rude or dismissive, as that's what will make me take my business elsewhere. I hope Square on Square improves in this area as they had something great going in terms of food and following.
This has been our go to Chinese place for years. It has pretty standard dishes and they recently relocated. The place is smaller than the first one, however the food hasn't change much and we are not complaining. They do make their food without the Ajinomoto on request and have a homemade chili sauce which always hits the spot on a cold rainy day. 
Much better than the average Chinese take out places!
I ordered this online and should have known that the food would be bad when it had not arrived after an hour. I had to call them to remind them about the order. When the food did arrive, it was the biggest disappointment in the world. I was super excited for my first Chinese take-out in Philadelphia and boy-oh-boy was it a letdown. 

1. My chicken with cashews was basically 90% rice, 9.9% veggies and 0.1% chicken. I felt like it was almost impossible to find the chicken in the meal and it did not taste right when I did eventually find it.

2. Then I got lo-mein and it just tasted like burnt. Not only did it taste that way, but it actually looked burnt.

3. Also, there were no chopsticks included. What type of Chinese restaurant is this?!!

I would avoid this place, especially for delivery, and go anywhere else.
Ordered delivery and this is the best Chinese food I've ever had.  Online delivery was fast, and the food was delivered so hot.  You can tell it is fresh, and the general powell's chicken was all white meat.  The vegetable lo mein was great as well as the portion sizes.  This will be the only place I order from for Chinese.
We ate here tonight based on other Yelpers' posts & our hotel's listings.

The food was BAD.  Think like from a vending machine !

Don't even think of trying it !

Rick
My boyfriend and I stopped in here for lunch last week.  Subpar food, subpar service.

They had a lunch special for around $10 - You got to pick a soup, an entree, and it came with pork fried rice.  Although I'm a vegetarian, we decided to try it out anyway because I thought "oh certainly they'll let me have white rice instead".  Wroooooong!

The server seemed angry that I even asked for white rice instead of pork fried rice.  Like legitimately offended.  (My thoughts: Isn't white rice cheaper? Why can't I downgrade from a rice that contains meat and veggies to plain rice???).  

I had a tofu entree with broccoli - the sauce was really heavy and didn't taste right.  My boyfriend was also less than excited about his meal.

The server never came back to check on us but did walk past our table several times, ignoring our empty beverage cups.

On the (only) upside:  They take LevelUp as a form of payment.
The best overall Chinese delivery in Rittenhouse. Been ordering from here for the past 10 years. #1 in delivery, customer service & food quality in this category. I always get my order in 30 mins!
So I had a pretty solid 3/4 star review going for this place from the past 4 times I've gotten take out from here but (sadly) this past Saturday, something must have been totally off and/or there's a new Chef in the house.  Bland? Burned? Overdone? What's the issue, Square on Square?  "Why has this happened?", I asked myself as I stared into my $40+ order of takeout.  We were in a "I'm hungover and you deliver chinese" dance for over a year now and I really felt like we were getting serious.  Are you breaking up with me.  Was it something I said? 

Like all breakups, I initially blamed my hangry (hungry/angry), nearly lifeless body that had been nesting on the couch since 9am.  But it wasn't me.  Here's the long version. 

It all started once I finally sustained enough energy to use an iPad and place an online order for delivery at 4:45pm.  The night before really took its toll and (as everyone knows) Chinese is just what the doctor orders for any hangover. My boyfriend and I were quick to agree on our go-to favorites like the Mongolian beef, Square's Lo Mein, and the pot stickers.  These were no-brainers as we usually are completely satisfied time after time.  This time, we added a new wild card to satisfy our fat-kid "prob not leaving the couch for 2 days" mentality and popped General Powell's chicken into the order to boost the caloric intake. Food arrived within 30-40 minutes, right on schedule and then, amongst the savory aroma that filled the apartment, it all went wrong. 

The Mongolian beef was burned and had a charred taste to it. Hidden beneath the char was the flavorful savory Mongolian beef that I recalled so fondly, but this beef was not prepared the same and was obvious that it was either overcooked or prepared in a pan with burnt remnants. Sad as this is usually the dish we fight over for seconds. Not this time. Pot stickers- the only item that made it out alive it seemed.  Not burned, not overdone. Just right. Finally something we can eat.  The lo mein which is usually packed with flavor was totally bland. So disappointed.  Ate it anyway out of a sheer need to survive and over throw my dictator hangover. Last, General Powell's chicken. It wasn't even chicken, or at least it seemed that way. The sauce was fantastic but aside from the one piece of chicken I had, I couldn't even enjoy it. The chicken was so overdone it was chewy and grainy. This entire dish was trashed.  

Needless to say, Square and I are not on speaking terms right now. Please lets kiss and make up?
All I ask for from a Chinese delivery/take out place is consistency and that is what Square on Square offers.  I am a straight General Tso kind of guy and I like that Square on Square serves it with Pork Fried Rice.  I did have one issue with delivery from Square on Square but they rectified the situation by offering me free spring rolls on my next order. Their prices are fair and I can count on the food to still be hot when it arrives at my door. Square on Square is my go to Chinese delivery spot.
I really liked everything I ate here, The house special fried rice which is a combo of veggie, shrimp and chicken fried rice was really excellent. All the ingredients mixed well and they didn't scrimp on the shrimp. The Mongolian beef special was charred to perfection while being melt in your mouth tender. Beginning with the dumplings and all the way to the last bite of our entrees, everything was flavorful but somehow lighter than typical Chinese takeout. On-line ordering for pick up means I will be crossing the square to get to Square on Square frequently.
Come here if you want overpriced takeout dishes.  The portions are big, but they only make Americanized dishes (lots of battered and fried items that are subsequently stir-fried in a spicy or brown sauce with American vegetables).  Personally, I prefer more traditional dishes that I can't cook at home with a bit of tempura batter, soy, and oyster sauce, but if you're a takeout fanatic, this might be your cup of tea (or rice, for that matter).  I'm just going to head to Edison or Chinatown for my Chinese fix.
Best Chinese food in the city, hands down. (Sorry, Chinatown!) I haven't had their food "fresh from the kitchen" as often as I've had it delivered, but even then it's hot, fresh, and consistently excellent.
With all the great international cuisine in Philly, I almost never consider Chinese (my first love from Childhood) anymore, but when I am sick I NEED soup.  Wonton, Subgum Wponton or Hot & Sour.

Well, Square on Square came through for us last night.  Delivery took about 40 minutes on a BUSY, Rainy Friday night - which isn't horrible considering those conditions.

My husband enjoyed his sweet-yet-spicy General Tso's (The call it something else) Chicken.  I ordered a Quart of THE BEST HOT 'n SOUR (For real.  I love their version.  Chicken and tofu and just enough black pepper, red pepper and vinegar).  I also got a quart of the "special" wonton soup which had a tasty broth and was loaded with chicken, pork, bok coy and mushrooms.  My only complaint?  Only 4 of the DELICIOUS, petit wontons in one quart.  Next time I'll ask for extra wontons - and gladly pay for them, too.  

I ate a small bit of each soup and had plenty left for the next day.

You saved me, Square on Square.  Those soups are the BEST.
I ate here for lunch with some co-workers, and had a decent experience.  The menu is definitely on the smaller side for a Chinese restaurant, but they have many of the staples.  Also, all the lunch items come with soup.

So I had the wanton soup and the sweet and sour chicken.  Both were good, not the best ever, but I would get it again.  I will see that the chicken seemed pretty normal.  You know sometimes at Chinese places you aren't really sure where that chicken came from because it has some funky bits in it, but this tasted good, didn't come across anything that shouldn't be there.  The broth in the soup was nice, not too salty, but the actual pork mixture didn't have a ton of flavor.

Everyone enjoyed their meal, and a few of us had leftovers.  I always love when I can turn one meal into two!
Wow - I can't believe I've waited this long to yelp Square on Square.  I have eaten here many times -mainly for lunch as they do a filling, mid-priced lunch special.  The Hot & Sour soup here is some of the best EVER .

Really.  5 stars for the H&S Soup.

We also had a large group party here in February 2008.  They offered a set meal with soup, appetizer choice of 6 entrees and dessert.  It was very well organized and our group of over 30 people left well-fed and happy.

The manager, Steven, is very nice and easy to work with.

The only detractors here (preventing the 5 star rating) is the extremely long lines at lunch time.  (Don't come at 12:30 on a Tursday of Friday) Also the decor is in need of refreshment.  Kinda grungy.

Don't miss the Mango Chicken and Filet Mignon - really tender and nice here.
Eh, 'twas okay. This place is trying to be upscale with their menu selection, ornamentation around the restaurant, and presentation of the dish. The average dish price is about $16 which is steep for (American) Chinese food. I had the mango chicken, and it actually came inside a mango. How was the taste? I've had better. There was not a water refill. Will I come back? Eh, not planning on it.

Food Quality/Taste = 3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 2 Stars
Service = 1 Stars
Experience with Staff = 2 Stars
Decor = 4 Star
This is why I appreciate yelp!  I've been looking for a good Chinese spot that delivers for a minute!  I just didn't have another whole foods salad in me, so today I was messing around on yelp, looking for chinese takeout, and up pops Square on Square.  I tend to have an adventurous palate but for some reason I'm always careful when it comes to ordering Chinese..I guess I've had one too many bad experiences!  Anywho, this was NOT one of them.  Reading through the yelp reviews revealed a spot that used fresh ingredients, was slightly pricey (which I don't mind) and was quick with deliveries.  Yelpers haven't let me down yet, I was convinced so I gave it a shot.  First of all they have online ordering which I LOVE.  It was about 6:35p when I ordered and I set a delivery time of 7:30 and ordered the jumbo shrimp and scallops in spicy sauce.  At 710 my doorbell rang and dinner was in my belly minutes later.  As my fellow yelpers have already indicated (but its worth repeating), my food arrived hot, with a nice delivery guy and was very tasty and fresh!  YAy for yelp and Yay for Square on Square.
I order from here all the time and have yet to be disappointed.  Delivery is quick, and the food is delightful.  My favorites include the chicken potstickers/dumplings, pepper steak with white rice, and chicken lo mein.
The pad Thai and honey walnut shrimp dishes are delectable. The service is fast and friendly. The prices are more than reasonable for the portion size. I highly recommend it.
Damn good Chinese food! Fast delivery, great portions, friendly staff. Definitely my favorite in the city.

Menu highlights the same as everyone else it seems, General Powell's spicy chicken, Won-ton Soup, Filet Mignon. All great! 
Delivers to just north of Washington as well!
This is my go-to place for Chinese food delivery in Center City.  Everything comes quickly, usually piping-hot and fresh (relative to Chinese food standards), and at decent prices.

But as good as the delivery is, actually going to the restaurant is better.  The portions are HUGE, and the service is great.  Everything's above-average with this place, but other than the Beef Negamaki, there's nothing on the menu that I absolutely love.

Overall, one of the best Chinese restaurants in Philadelphia (outside of Chinatown).
My rating is based on poor customer service as I didn't get to try the  food. 

We ordered delivery from here after a long delayed flight. What a mistake!  My wife's food came in fine (beef and peas, pork fried rice) however my dish was wrong (I ordered beef udon, got some chicken dish).  The Receipt however was correct.  

I called the restaurant to get some sort of solution on getting me the correct dish.  Because the kitchen was backed up he said maybe 45 minutes.  He then placed me on hold and didn't come back for 5 minutes.  Sick of waiting I contacted grub hub who spoke to the restaurant.  They said they'd deliver a replacement in 20 minutes, so I decided to stick it out.  45 minutes go by and still didn't get my food, so I reached back out to grub hub who spoke to the restaurant.  The restaurant said they would cancel my order because they didn't know how long it would take.   

Bottom line, I ordered food at 6:30pm and haven't eaten anything yet, it's now 8:45pm.  If it matters, my wife I think liked her food. 


If you want good Chinese food, order from spice 28.
This used to be my hands-down favorite Chinese restaurant, but I don't think that the quality has maintained itself over the years.  Not that it is bad, it is not, but I used to think it exceptional and now it is average.  But the prices suggest exceptional.  Sigh.  I still like their Wonton Soup and spare ribs:)
Square on Square is basically a slightly more upscale Chinese place. The food is better quality than the Chinese take-out. The service was efficient and the food portions were okay.
So disappointed.  We bought a groupon (eversave?) that is only valid for dinner (dine-in only),  So we tried to use it the day after hurrican Irene - and Square on Square was packed so we left.

Fine.  No biggie.

So last night (a few months later) we go to Square on Square at 4:30 PM.  We had called earlier to ask if we'd need a reservation and the man said, "no".

So we show up and the place is open, but dead empty.  No staff to greet us, no nothin'.

So we call "Hello!"  "Hellooooo!".

Nothing. 

My husband and I waited around a good 5 minutes and then left.

So disappointing.
First time I tried this place was delivery. I went out on a limb and got Lamb w/ scallion; not something I would usually get at a chinese delivery but it seemed kind of upscale. It tasted like it had fell on the ashes of the stove. But I'm not one to judge a place solely on it's delivery adding to the fact that I ordered something I normally don't.

Anyways onto last night where I dined in. I'm a big fan of Negi Maki lately, so I wanted to get that. It was a large portion which I was happy about, but when I picked it up, it was oozing white cheese. From the menu: "Fresh green onion rolled up in thinly sliced beef with teriyaki sauce". There is one thing you really don't find in asian cooking and that is cheese, so I'm not sure where the hell it came from, but I did not expect provolone in my Negi Maki. The main dish was Shrimp & Scallop in lemongrass. There was the tiniest hint of lemongrass in what tasted like water broth. Everything was overcooked and bland. 

All in all, the prices are way too high for the quality of food. I understand Rittenhouse is expensive, but you can get far better chinese food for 25% less of the cost almost anywhere.
Just had the General Powell's Chicken. (Like General Tso, but slightly less crispy, it seems). WHOA! Great spice, great taste, lots of ginger. First time ordering lunch from there. Will be back soon.
Square on Square has really cheap lunch specials..soup, rice, and veggies for under 10 bucks.  Their egg drop soup is delicious and the service is very quick. Portions are large too. Their mixes vegetables are great, as is the sweet and sour chicken.  It's conveniently located right near my office so it's a go-to Chinese food stop for me.  Nom Nom.
Celebrated both a family member's birthday and the Lunar New Year here. The service was fantastic and so was the food. The Peking duck was amazing, and their fried noodles are made to order. Cannot say enough good things about the experience; we'll be back!
I get take out from here at least once every two weeks. I think they have the best Singapore Mei Fun out of Chinatown. They are usually consistent, but their sweet sauces are usually too thick and sweet, and I'm never a huge fan of whatever type of shrimp they buy. Otherwise, it's a good all-around craving satiating place for Americanized Chinese.
Totally confused by the glowing reviews. I had dinner delivered tonight and was thoroughly underwhelmed.

The bad:
House seafood soup. Overly cornstarched with a weird syrup-y texture. Under seasoned and bland. More water chestnuts than seafood. It was saved by doctoring heavily with salt and chili.

Shrimp and scallop in house sauce: this could not be saved. As with the soup, it was under seasoned and bland. As a nice treat, the scallops were over cooked and rubbery. Yech.

The good (ish):
Potstickers: sampled the steamed veggie potstickers, which were decent. 

Shrimp with rootlings salad: By far the best dish of the night. The "rootlings" appeared to be baby lotus root in a slightly sweet and tangy dressing. More Thai than Chinese but I would eat this again.

Etc: delivered quickly enough and included some oolong tea bags. I'll skip this one in the future though.
Ordered delivery through their online ordering site. Worked very nicely,  but the food was pretty lousy. I've had some fantastic Chinese food delivery, but the only thing that was decent here was the chicken wings.  I ordered pan fried dumplings (I'm a dumpling expert) and the frozen stuff from the store on it's worst day was better than these. Limp and flavorless dumplings. The hot and sour soup was tasteless. Not the best deal. And I've spent less on two people before on a decent meal in other places.

THE BREAKDOWN
4 stars for the online ordering setup
3 stars for the chicken 
1 star for the not so hot and sour soup
1 star for the price/value
1 star for the dumpy dumpling
I've been getting delivery from this place for a couple of months and always enjoyed the food but now I LOVE it here's why.  A month ago I saw a KGB Deals special and bought 5 of the coupons which required me to dine in instead of getting delivery.  Boy am I glad that deal made me dine in.

The restaurant is very nice and is a great size compared to most of the Chinese places in the city.  The food coming straight from the kitchen is SOOO much better than delivery.  Every meal I have has been seasoned perfectly and tastes so much better fresh from the kitchen.  Also they have some great specials there (Try the Pad Thai noodles it's some of the best I've ever had, if it's not on the menu ask for it and I'm sure they'll hook it up)

This is my go to for Chinese and I am equidistant from China Town.

I'm still drilling down their menu but thanks to Yelp reviews I took a crack at the Filet Mingnon (Awesome), Pad Thai (amazing), Hurricane Shrimp (very good but wish there were more than 3).  

In closing if you get delivery from this place stop on in and try the real deal.
Square on the Square does not sound like the name of a Chinese restaurant, but it is pretty good Chinese food for Philadelphia. In particular, I liked that the food was not too oily, and it was reasonably priced.  The service was so-so though. The waitress seemed really annoyed at us even before we got there. Perhaps most surprisingly, she got upset when we asked for chopsticks! 

The space was a little bit plain jane, but it is good for a group because it is not overly crowded (but not totally empty either).
Went during lunch at the suggestion of someone who's been there before as I had  craving for Wok and just found out they were closed permanently.  This restaurant definitely is on the same level as Wok quality and taste wise and the price was suitable.  Staff was very pleasant and accepted my Yelp coupon. I had Shrimp and asparagus (spicy) and spring rolls and tasted my cousins mango chicken which was absolutely delicious! I'll be back to try more
Square is the best Chinese food in Center City.  I'm addicted to the oddly named "General Powell's Chicken".   Generally go here for lunch with a colleague and the bill will be like $20 plus tip between us for a real meal.  

Some of the complaints on here are valid if you are looking for a really nice meal (or if you're from San Francisco, which apparently has a travelling Chinese food snob culture), but I think Square hits an underserved market.  

The food is far better than standard chinese, for example, you never wonder whether you are actually eating "chicken", but the prices are still very reasonable.  You pay a little more than cheap Chinese, but its completely worth it.  

Plus the staff is always really nice.

Highly recommended.
I ate "Square on Square" twice. Both with great results. 
The first time I ordered delivery. The food arrived on time, warm and really yummy.
The second time I ate at the restaurant. It was quiet and calm, I was able to enjoy my book without interruptions or annoying noises (or smells!).
I highly recommend SonS!
A great discovery...good food, nice prices, good service.  We were not looking for anything fancy but for some good and tasty lunch to continue our busy day and were happy to find this resto.  Price wise is just perfect.
FINALLY found my go-to Chinese delivery spot after trying a ton of variations of not-so-tasy General Tso's chicken. The General Tso's (they call it General Powell's) is delicious as is their Wonton soup. I grapple between ordering the General Tso's and beef with broccoli (tough life, I know) as the beef literally melts in your mouth. I have yet to dine in but its BYOB so I will be doing that soon.
Their food is go good. From time to time I crave some traditional Chinese and my favorite thing is crispy pan fried seafood noodles -and they have it here! I come here for lunch and get to sit down and enjoy myself because the service is fast and the staff is friendly. Prices are a average for you you would expect from a center city spot. There is a small bar, in case you want Chinese and wine! Beats me having to try to walk to China Town for lunch. (I'd never make it back in time)
I used to go here with friends quite a bit for lunch.  I'm not exacly sure why we stopped because the food is pretty good.  Maybe we just played out the hand & moved on to other places?  Anyway, seeing some other reviews prompted me to write.  

I like it.  It is a little dinky, and there is no way you would recognize it as a Chinese place from the outside.  The name doesn't give you a clue either.  Service, however, is good, as is the food.  You get your choice of soup with lunch, and I usually get H&S.  I am also a fan of the wontons in the wonton soup.  Very delicate.

Any of the specials are good, particularly the chicken & eggplant.  My absolute fave is Popcorn Chicken.  Go garlic!  I haven't found anything like it elsewhere.  The only thing I've ever had here that I did not care for was the honey walnut chicken.   Truth be told, that was several years ago, so I can't tell you in good conscience to avoid it.  A version has been cropping up at other Chinese restaurants; maybe it's an acquired taste?

I always ask for brown rice, but sometimes they forget.  Ya gotta remind the server.  As mentioned by others, the portions are generous.  For those who are stopping by for dinner, or for those who need a lttle liquid bolstering for a hard afternoon back at work, they appear to have a bar.  

I think that when the weather gets a little more Fall-ish, we'll get a little Square-ish.  Time to renew the relationship and open up my sinuses with some of that Hot & Sour Soup!.
After an exhausting week I was really looking forward to some delivery and a movie. 

I called Square on Square to order their amazing General Powell's Chicken. (Its even more awesome when you get it dining in). 

Since I was a previous customer all I had to do was give them my phone number - address, apt #, special instructions were all saved in their system. They even had my previous method of payment on file so no searching for my wallet when I called. 

The ordering took less than 90 seconds - but even better they delivered piping hot food to my Rittenhouse apt in only 18 minutes. 

Hot, delicious, conveniently delivered food is why I will always be a city-dweller.
This place stinks, refer to picture in photos section. There is nothing more to say I'm just extending my review so it gets posted.
My family and  I love this place! I've ordered takeout, dined-in, and brought friends here because it's that good!  I love the fact that they put ginger in their General Powell's Chicken, it's SOOOOO delicious!!!! The service is always great and friendly especially from the man at the register who I'm assuming is the owner. This is one of the few places I'm going to miss since going on my vegan journey. Please consider adding vegan options or seitan General Powell ;) .
I walked past this place soooo many times before going in. Turns out it's fantastic! I don't care what the call it - general tso's, gau's or Powells (but seriouslly wtf?), it's the same basic premise... And Square on Square makes it seem just a little bit more refined. I'm not talking about fancy, it is just something they do in their preparation that is slightly less greasy typical-american-chinese-foody.  

Definitely a place to return to!
My bubbe (grandmother) lived a few blocks a way from Square on Square for 5+ years. 

We wandered in her almost every time I was in for a visit!

Things I liked:
1. The mango chicken! Surprisingly spicy and delicious!
2. The salt & pepper shrimp. No longer on the menu, but it was awesome! Maybe they'll bring it back!
3. The manager is really nice! He became friendly with my bubbe and always stopped by to say hello!

Things I didn't like:
1. A little pricey (ie I probably would not have been able to eat there nearly as often if not for my bubbe!). 


We eventually migrated to Asia on the Parkway (owned by the same guy)..but I still love Square on Square!
SIMPLY THE BEST CHINESE FOOD IN THE CITY!  I order from them at least 2 a month via Seamless.  The gen t. chicken is great, as is the walnut shrimp.  Everything else is AMAZING TOO!

VERY affordable, generous portions, quick delivery!
My friend and I ordered cumin beef and bak choy chicken for lunch and the food was pretty good. It was our first time trying out this place and we thought we would give it a try. The restaurant is fairly new I believe and convenient for us from work. Food was pretty quick and you get a soup with your lunch dish, I chose hot and sour soup which I liked. Our waitress was a little rude so I took off a star for service. Overall great experience!
After months of consistently good delivery, I wandered into Square on Square for dinner with a friend.  The restaurant, much like the food, is above average.  Price is also a little above average, perhaps because of the Rittenhouse location, but it's well worth it for the higher quality.

I wasn't adventurous, ordering the old-fashioned pot stickers (dumplings to me), hot-and-sour soup, and the two-flavor chicken.  One thing to note is the meat dumplings are chicken, not pork--but still very good.  Prompt, clean, and efficient describes the location and service.

Square on Square will remain my default choice when I want Chinese for delivery or sit-down.  The extra blocks to Chinatown just don't seem worth it unless I'm after something specific like dim sum.
Square on Square was disappointing. Food generally didn't taste great. Service was uneven.

Here's a food summary. I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars:

***^ Mock Dynasty Chicken was tasty, with nicely fried up pieces of gluten, tasty. $12
***Chinese Eggplant in Garlic Sauce: eggplant was solid, but the sauce was very sweet. $10.9
**^ Dry Sauteed String Beans with garlic was not especially tasty but was simple, basic and fine. $9.75
**^Jumbo Shrimp Spicy Garlic Sauce: there were few shrimp, the "spicy" garlic sauce was sickly sweet. The bamboo and vegetables inside were fine. $12.50
**Cold Noodle w/ Sesame Sauce was so-so, inferior to many other sesame noodles
*^ Home-style lamb was so-so: not tasty, but otherwise edible. $16
*^ Various bean curd dishes (e.g. Szechuan water tofu, Ma po tofu, Square's special bean curd #94, Eggplant with tofu) were forgettable and unenjoyable. Tofu was soft, in overly large chunks and not flavourful. Sauces were not tasty. Cumin tofu was bland.
*^ General Tso's Tofu: Tofu was fried and dry, not well-textured, with a very sweet sauce. $12
* Filet mignon had 2 large pieces of beef, which was tough and stringy. Brown sauce was sickly sweet. Mushrooms and peas were okay. $19

Delivery was punctual, but there were some problems with service:
1. The food was poorly packed into a paper bag, with sauce in the paper bag (1 container wasn't closed properly), so the paper bag had broken. With large orders, they probably shouldn't stuff so much food into a bag that breaks as soon as it gets wet.
2. The free dish I'd ordered was missing from the order. (I spent over twice the minimum amount needed to use the free dish coupon on their menu). When I called about the omission, the manager (?) said he'd get it to me the next day & abruptly hung up. The next afternoon, they called me, saying they had the dish for me; I gave my address & they never showed up.
Dear square on square, thank you for making reasonably priced Chinese food. Dear lunch special, I love you and your hot & sour soup that comes with your counterpart spicy garlic beef. Please continue to taste as good as you always do and I promise to return regularly with lots of co workers.
We were visiting from NYC and brought the Groupon to support local business. I gave it 4 stars for the portion sizes (huge) and the friendly service. My only gripe would be that the bean curd and Chinese veggies... actually come with a variety and not just onion, mushrooms and a few snow peas. It had a lot of tofu which was great and the sauce was the way I like it (salty black bean sauce is my fav). I would suggest just more veggies.

Lastly, we didn't get a chance to stay for it but they had live Jazz at 7:30pm!
Do Not Go Here...food was below average Chinese food at a premium price. Nice looking place, but I was freezing the entire time. There are many other good places with better food and less expensive.
Square on Square isn't the best Chinese food in the city, or the most authentic.  For that, you need to head on down to Chinatown.  But it definitely fills that comfort food spot that Chinese food has for me--from when I was a kid and mainly ate eggrolls bathed in duck sauce.  It also occupies prime CC real estate, making it a nice place to head to from work.  Not the largest menu ever, but service is excellent, which is a big thing for me, and the chicken with broccoli is exactly as I remember from 5 years old.  Also try the eggrolls and the egg drop soup!
I recently stopped here for lunch and ordered the General Tso's Chicken with rice. It was pretty good I must say and extremely filling! But I also had the wanton soup and I didn't particularly love this. I certainly had better at places like Spice 28. 

I took my food to go but from what I can tell the inside was nice and dimly lit. Also I noticed that's if you check in on yelp you get a free glass of wine. I'll probably come back here and dine in and take advantage of that.
Square on Square is gourmet Chinese food, it's a simple as that. The wonton soup is THE best I've ever had. The wontons are delicate, delicious, dumplings in a thin noodle that melts on your tongue. The vegetable fried rice is addictive. The veggies are generous and grilled to perfection. My other favorite is the Singapore noodles, spicy. It's a dish of thin vermicelli noodles with chicken, pork, shrimp, egg, and veggies in a yellow curry "dry" sauce, that's 100% craveable. SoS is never a disappointment!
Done with this place. 2 hours for delivery of fried rice.  Rice. Can't even get that right. 4 blocks.  No apology.  I'm so done with their bad greasy slow food. There used to be at least decent options in the neighborhood but no more.
It took an hour and 15minutes for our food to arrive. When we placed the order, they said "oh it won't take to long." When we called back at the 1 hour mark, the guy who worked there said "oh he should have been there awhile ago just give him another minute." No apologies or offer to call the driver. When the food came it was barely warm and gross. General Powell spicy chicken tasted like it was deep fried and left under a heat lamp. The shrimp fried rice was gray. Def not ordering from here again.
Best Chinese food in the area. That is, outside of Chinatown. The food is fresh, well cooked and because we have it delivered I can recommend that it is delivered quickly and still hot.
Square on Square is located in a beautiful area in Center City. I usually am in the area on weekends to study at a Cafe or to take the bus back to my Univeristy.

After my friend and I had been studying, he was craving Chinese food. We decided to order from Square on Square because it was close to the coffee shop where we were at. Normally, I go to Chinatown for Chinese food. But since we were far from Chinatown we gave this place a try.

We ended up ordering the Jumbo Shrimp and Scallop. The flavor of the Shrimp was ok but the scallop was like eating a mixture between a dish sponge and potato. The other dish we ordered was Beef was veggies which was fine but definitely not rememberable. For the price we payed and the quality, I would not recommend this place although the location is superb. 

I would love to see Square on Square improve it's menu because it has a lot of potential to do well in Philly, but for now 2 Stars because the food waas not up to standard.
Good quality Chinese. Chicken was a wee bit dry, but it felt better to eat rather than the super fried General saos chicken I've had. The vegetable lo mein was delicious though! Definitely a goto. We did take out and they gave us tea which was appreciated with our meal. The spring rolls were also really good!
Got takeout from them tonight. It was fine - not great. Vegetable dumplings were okay, powells chicken was pretty good for what it was (and I had no preconceived notions it would be anything else), but mongolian beef was a hot garlic mess. 

The folks inside were super nice. My order was waiting on me and they called me by name which is a nice touch.

I really wanted to love this place but nothing really blew me away. I'm sure I will order again when I want American Chinese and give it another shot.
I regularly come here for the general powells chicken which is their take on general tsos except their version has this hint of ginger that makes it standout.
This meal will be remembered not for the food, but for the service.  Came in on a Friday night around 6:30 with no reservations and the place had plenty of seating which was nice since most other places in the area had pretty long waits at the time.

The waitress...you know what I feel wrong calling her a waitress...like Hillary Clinton couldn't be a waitress, ever.  Too, let's just call it, "strong-willed".  In an overbearing teacher sort of way.  I don't want to use a sensitive word to describe the main employee(?) who was servicing(?) our table but it REALLY made us feel like we were in China.  In the Maoist sense.

Anyway, the food was actually pretty good, had the home made lamb and hurricane shrimp. Both were above average and I think this would serve as a great place for takeout.  Cheap beers.  But man we felt like we were being rushed through the meal by the all-knowing staff.

70% good, 30% bad as Deng Xiaoping famously said.
Square on Square is not your average Chinese grab and go spot. The food is fantastic and cooked to order, therefore; the spice of certain dishes can be cooked to your taste. I ordered via Eat24 for pick-up a quarter to noon but when I arrived about 30 minutes later, my order had not been prepared yet. Bummer. 

However, the staff was quick to prepare my food and it was worth it. The lunch special comes with a free soup, so bring your appetite and the price was in the general range of lunch specials in the Rittenhouse area. 

The beef was tender and VERY SPICY, as I request, and the Egg drop soup was great. But as I said before, it was quite a lot, so I could not finish my soup and saved it for later. A great spot indeed.
Pleasantly surprised with this unassuming spot!  We randomly bought a Groupon for Square On Square solely based on the craving for good Chinese food.  

Upon entering, I quite liked the atmosphere with the double-decker seating and warm wood finishes.  The service was decent for a Chinese restaurant, and they did the basics quite well.  

Our General Powell's chicken was fantastic, as was the wonton soup.  The General served up a heavy dose of ginger and honey flavor with just the right amount of spice.  My peking duck was very good, and they really crisped up the skin, which I love.  The only negative of the night were the chicken dumplings.  They weren't bad, but just a little bland and nothing special.  The dumpling sauce on the other hand was quite good.  

I have a feeling we may find ourselves back here when in the mood for the General's chicken.
The GF and I had some friends over for dinner one night and we were all in the mood for Asian food. I thought about cooking some fried rice for everyone, but figured it would be easier just to order in Chinese for everyone.

So, I hopped on GrubHub and decided to go with my standard choice for Americanized Chinese cuisine in Philly - Square on Square. It may not be the best I've ever had (New York has that on lock down and I'm not even considering Schezuan cuisine as part of this genre of cooking), but it gets the job done and is better than most places in Philly. In fact, it was good enough for our friends to ask the name of the place we ordered so they could write it down.

Cold Sesame Noodle ($6.50)

We had cold sesame noodles, which were interspersed with a simple Thai peanut sauce and fresh, julienned cucumbers. 

Old-fashioned pot stickers ($6.25)

We had two orders of twice cooked chicken dumpings, which were steamed, then braised.

Chicken Fried Rice ($7.50)

Since our order was over $40, we received a free large chicken fried rice, mixed with peas, eggs, bean sprouts, and scallions.

Vegetable Lo Mein ($8.25)

The vegetable lo mein contained bits of bamboo shoots, snow peas, onions, and mini-corn.

Sesame Crispy Chicken ($11.75)

The sesame crispy chicken was crisp indeed, with a sweet glaze. The accompanying broccoli were steamed, but were not limp at all, maintaining their innate texture.

General Powell Spicy Chicken ($11.75)

Usually known as General Tso's chicken, the Powell version is dipped in egg batter and depped fried. It's then sauteed in a sweet glaze. The spiciness wasn't pronounced in this dish, but it wasn't anything a little Siracha hot sauce couldn't fix.

Chicken with Broccoli ($10.50)

The chicken and broccoli was pretty standard, with nicely roasted broccoli which was much tender than the ones accompanying the General Powell's and sesame chicken. 

Beef with Broccoli ($11.75) 

The beef with broccoli had similarly tender vegetables, but with succulent pieces of beef as well.

Overall, Square on Square contributed to a fun night filled with laughter and friends. It's not the best Chinese cuisine out there, but for delivery, it's definitely up there for Philly.
Hands down the best Hot and Sour soup I've ever had.  I order it more than once a week sometimes and run out to grab it from my office a few blocks away.  My BFF and I just got back from my first sit-down lunch experience and it was tasty as usual.  The lunch combos (only available for eat-in) come with choice of soup; we also got the spring rolls to share to round our order out to$20 for the BuyWithMe coupon I had.  Spring rolls were okay, strangely composed with a layer of cabbage and a layer of meat instead of everything mixed but they were piping hot and not too greasy.  My shrimp and broccoli was tasty and the kung pao chicken looked great, a lot less greasy and heavy than usual.  All around a delicious meal!
Terrible food, but even worse they are a completely dishonest establishment and I will never be ordering from here again. It was my first experience and the food alone tasted like extremely cheap Chinese take-out...except it was $43 for two of us so clearly I hoped the quality would be better than it was. 

But more importantly, I accidentally overpaid the delivery man and he was completely dishonest about it and refused to give me change, then lied to his manager about the amount I gave him and neither of them would budge about it, despite trying to tell me I paid two different amounts. That kind of outright dishonesty speaks volumes about how this place is run and is reason enough for anybody to choose someplace else to dine. There are plenty of credible tasty take out places to go that won't steal from you and lie about it to your face. Very disappointing.
I went to Square on Square after reading the reviews raving about the Mongolian Beef marinated in merlot. In my experience, there are several other Chinese restaurants in Philadelphia that are much better (see my review on Spice 28). Though the dish smelled good when it came out, with heavy notes of garlic. That was the highlight of the meal, as the beef was charred and didn't have all of the flavor that I was hoping for. The meat was mostly tender, but lacked the flavor of meat that had been marinated for hours. It was served within 5 minutes of ordering, so that was a positive, but if I had it to do over again, I'd go to Spice 28.
First, this was a bad I idea when I seen caucasian people acting crazy downtown with this place of business. I, place a order 34.95, did not get all of my order items. I did not get my sauces that was needed for my food. I ask for eight chicken wings, they chop up four wings in half, and said that's eight wings. Smfh! This place is the worse. I will stay with my black business owners going forward
This was a take-out order so not the normal review I would normally provide. Always better to eat good Chinese food at the table.
Had the hot and sour soup. Right texture and tasted good.
For my entree I had the spicy eggplant with shrimp.  Eggplant was very good but shrimp just didn't have the best taste or texture. Not that they were spoiled, just could have been prepared with a bit more gusto.
I will eat in next and try some more dishes and update.
Service was very friendly and order was prepared quickly!
I ordered General Tsao chicken from Square on Square last night and can safely say that it was the worst Chinese meal I have ever eaten - the chicken was as tough as leather  and the sauce was pure syrup no subtlety whatsoever.  I am one customer you definitely will not be seeing again.
I will also advise my friends to think twice before they return
I placed an order for pickup during lunch and they had my order at the expected time! If you're a fan of big portions, then this is the place. They give you so much rice and so much chicken. I ordered the General Tso's chicken and a thing that I look for in American Chinese food is white meat chicken. THEY HAVE IT! The order also comes with a little bit of broccoli and lots of sauce.
