Wow. I've visited this place before an been indifferent. But my last visit was a different story.  I walked into the pub for lunch, and was causally browsing the beer list.  It seemed a just slightly overpriced to me (if everything would have been even just $.50 lower I probably wouldn't have thought twice about it.)  $7 for Southern Tier's Pumpkin beer, $4.50 Brawler, $4 Yuengling, etc.  Not the best prices around by any stretch.

As Dan and I were browsing the beer list, the bartender looked over at us and said, "If you're going to think about having a beer, I'm going to need to see your ID."  

I jokingly replied, "Well, you don't need to see ID if I'm thinking about it, just if I'm going to order one."  I meant no harm at all, and continued to look to decide on a beer.  But said bartender was not amused.  The response I received was, "If you want to order a beer while you're here, I'm going to need to see your ID, RIGHT NOW."

Woah dude.  You're taking this a bit far.  It's lunch time, there's four people sitting at the bar.  You're not overworked, and I'm taking my time looking at the beer.  No crime here.  

I quickly decided that I didn't want to be here, and as I was walking out the bartender said bid us fairwell, but in a tone that suggested "Get out of here and don't come back."  

We had one more exchange, and I can't recall exactly what was said, so I won't try to paraphrase and then misrepresent his or my words.  What I've written in quotes in nearly verbatim.  He projected the message clearly that if we didn't show ID immediately, we were not welcomed at the bar, even to browse.  Keep in mind I'm talking about 1pm on an uncrowded weekday.

I actually had my ID on me, and don't mind getting carded.  I do mind being treated with condescension and rudeness.

I decided I didn't really like the beer list, and certainly did not like my potential bartender.  I walked out and will never visit again.
I've lived a block away from this place for almost 5 months now and finally made my way over.

Man, I wish I'd come sooner! We only got two appetizers but if the rest of the menu is as enticing and delicious I might have to up the rating.

Sat outside since it's basically summer even in October and we were served a little slower than average but didn't mind since it was a beautiful day. 

My friend and I ordered the chicken tenders and they were amazinggggg, especially the dipping sauce. They tasted very flavorful, homemade and authentic, not your generic chicken nuggets.

The mac and cheese that another friend ordered - I wish I could insert the emoji with hearts for eyes in this review because that pretty much sums up how I feel. I mean lets be real its hard to mess up mac & cheese but they had some sort of other type of cheese topping on top and it made every bite 10x better. And there was plenty of it.

Overall great food and experience! Will be back.
Okay, I'm a sucker for Irish bars, and I've been to the real St. Stephen's Green in Dublin, which is a very beautiful park and one of the places where the Easter Rising occurred in 1916 (see, I'm a history nerd), so I like this place's name to start with.  I'm also more and more pleased with Fairmount the more I walk over to hang out there.

The bar itself lived up to my expectations.  It had the nice wood and brass pub thing going and is spacious.  The bartender was from Ireland, and a group of men next to me at the bar all spoke with nice brogues, so I felt right at home.  There was also a pretty good beer selection, so I indulged my weakness for Duchesse du Borgogne all night (god, I love sour beers).  The menu also looked fantastic.  Unfortunately, I wasn't that hungry, so my boyfriend and I just split their braised mushrooms.  It was fan-freaking-tastic.  The dish was basically a small hollowed-out crusty bread filled with braised mushrooms in a tasty brown sauce with a disc of crispy, browned parmesan cheese as a garnish (which was also yummy).  I'm definitely up for going back there at some point and getting a real meal.  And, of course, more beer.
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!! 

The service is the absolute worst! I have been here with groups of 4 several times with the intention to drink, also I have had dinner. The wait staff is not knowledgeable about the beers they serve or the dinner menu. Trying to flag a server down is a challenge. When we finally would get her over she would leave before taking everyone order, we had to yell at her to get her to turn around and get every ones drinks! Once on my way in, I was approaching the side entrance the server ran in front of me to get to the door, and then just stood in the door way with door cracked so she could stick her head in and yell at the bar tender. I said excuse me and she didn't even acknowledge me! 

YOU WORK AT A BAR, YOU WORK FOR TIPS! THE MORE YOU SELL THE NICER YOU ARE THE MORE MONEY I WILL SPEND THE MORE MONEY I WILL TIP YOU! 

You have got to be kidding
Since my review, I've been here a few more times.
Things not to get: Steak frites (steak did not taste fresh), chicken wings (these were frozen and still cold), soft shell crab sandwich, crab quesadillas
Things that are better: burgers (add salt), perogies (very good), chicken tenders, mac n cheese bites

Looks like they've gotten rid of their perogies, pretty much the best thing that was on their menu, and weekday specials. Not sure why.
This place has changed so much since Ben McNamara (from the New Wave Cafe) took over the kitchen.  

Mushroom bruschetta appetizer was hugely heaped with shrooms and melted cheese- it could have been a meal in itself. Boyfriend's Guinness battered fish and chips were abundant and crispy, with heaps of chips.  My flatbread pizza was guiltily drowned in cheese, but it was very tasty and I ate all of it (pig!). 

Beer list is not huge but has great focus- quality Belgians, American craft beers, and standards like Harp on tap.  Prices are very reasonable- $5 for a gigantic 20 ounce draft Allagash or Bell's Two Hearted is sick. 

Service was decent.  I think I seriously offended our waitress by asking *which* Fantome saison they had available.  She came back and said "It's a farmhouse beer. "  Yes, I know that.  Fantome makes like five different saisons (farmhouse beers).  She rolled her eyes and brought the bottle over so I could see for myself.   

I felt kinda guilty for harassing her with my beer-nerdness and left an apology overtip.  Sorry, lady.
I really want to love this place because it's a local joint with lots of room and generally friendly staff- but after going a number of times, I'm really not impressed. 

The beer selection is good, and the bartenders are usually pretty friendly. On Sundays they do $5 bloodies , White Russians, and mimosas, all of which are decent. 

The food; however, especially in comparison to the prices, is pretty whack. Some of the entrees I've had in the past have been decent - bangers and mash wasn't bad- but I believe the place is under new ownership so the menu is totally different now. 

A few friends and I came for brunch and were less than impressed with the brunch menu. A friend of mine ordered tacos that were literally two taco shells, some under-seasoned meat with some diced raw onion, and a side of salsa - and it was like $15. The nachos (around the same price) weren't anything to write home about. I tried the turkey sandwich (which is reminiscent of a wawa gobbler) - overpriced and came with a sad handful of overcooked fries. 

Overall, this place needs to either drastically improve food quality and presentation or fix their pricing, because right now the two just do not line up.
I think this place has potential. They have happy hour with food and drink specials and depending on the night additional specials. This is your typical neighborhood bar with a laid back friendly atmosphere.

We had the french onion soup which was probably the most bland/watered down broth I've ever tasted! It looked beautiful when it can out but what a disappointment. The person next to us sent hers back for the same reason.

My bf had their lamb tacos, they come two to an order. There's definitely plenty of lamb in them but again lacked flavor.

I had the Isabela salad with shrimp. I was happy with my choice the only thing is that the shrimp were a bit too salty.

Whoever is in the kitchen should be tasting the food then they'd realize that the food is either bland or too salty. I'm open to coming again and giving them another shot I just hope they start making consistent food.
My 30th birthday festivities were spent at St. Stephen's Green.  We had originally booked another place, and about a week before the party we were given some problems from said place, and we had to seriously scramble.  A few friends of mine had already held events at St. Stephen's and recommended it highly.  It was a great choice, through and through.

We were able to procure the entire downstairs, which is very reasonably sized.  It was enough to accommodate the 50-60 people in our party, with lots of room to spare.  We had a special selection of the menu for the party, which included a list of a ton of appetizers to choose from, and everyone was impressed by the quality of the food.

We also were able to offer an open bar special, which allowed our guests to pay $25, receive a bracelet, and have unlimited wine, some beers, and some mixed drinks.  Not *everything* was offered but I can assure you, that was not an issue for anyone utilizing the open bar option.   

Large plasma televisions showing local sports were on for the duration of the evening, but were not very loud so television watching (or having to scream to be heard) was never an issue.

St. Stephen's staff also went out of their way to make sure everyone in my party was cared for and tended to.   For instance, a guest took the open bar very seriously and got as much for $25 as possible in the four hours of scheduled party time.  The staff was attentive to him when he was sick and provided him with cold compresses for his head instead of just booting him out, like a lot of places would do.  He was eventually told to leave, but it wasn't in a mean or violent way, like some places tend to do when someone's drank the entire bar dry and wants to share his findings with the table and floor and wall :)

The reason I have deducted a star is relative to the above.  We had our own personal bartender for the evening and while I found him to be very attentive and sweet and all that you want in your party bartender, I couldn't understand how he kept serving the aforementioned person when clearly he had, at a point, had too much.  I think that as a bartender, you need to be made aware of what your patrons are up to, and even if someone has already pre-paid for their drinks (as is the case with an open bar), it doesn't mean you should serve a clearly wasted person.  After awhile, you have to know when to cut them off.  And if you have the good sense to notice that they may be the type of drunk who may put up some sort of fight if you refuse them service, you can always just give him a coke or tonic water or whatever it is they want to drink minus the actual alcohol.  If they're that wasted, they'll likely not even know. And in the meantime, you're helping to sober them up or at the very least not let them continue down the path where they're eventually spending the party on the pavement outside.
I ate here for lunch on the day before Christmas, so that could explain why it was absolutely dead. Good for me though. The service was quick, and I had the opportunity to get a great spot next to the fireplace.

I decided on the chicken tacos, but I was quite surprised at how small the menu selection was. The chicken tacos were served with quacamole between double soft tortillas... yummm. No complaints! 

I didn't get a chance to try any beer, but I hear that the beer list is great. I'll keep the place on my radar next time I'm in the area.
Considering St. Stephen's is a block from my front door and consistently has a heady selection of beer, I can't complain too much. That said, the food is really hit or miss. Went in for a burger the other night and ordered it medium. It seemed fine but two bites in I realized it was completely raw and uncooked throughout. Awful. At that point I had basically destroyed the thing and didn't feel like complaining. The waiter offered me a free beer so I obviously took him up on that.

Since the place is less than a year old, they obviously haven't figured out a solid menu offering yet and are constantly updating and changing to work out the kinks. Eventually that might happen, but until then I would only suggest going here if you live in the neighborhood and are desperate for a bite. I also only make it a point to drink the beers because I have heard many complaints about the bartenders' cocktail mixing skills and tasted the worst Bloody Mary of my life there.
Went to ST. Stephens Green for brunch today as it's very close to our home. 

We arrived and there was only one other group dining. We ordered drinks- I was a little worried to see that they still had pumpkin beer on tap- it's far beyond the season for that. 

We ordered a burger and French onion soup. Probably the worst meal that I've had to pay for in a long time. The soup was 90% onions and the bowl was so hot it had to be microwaved. My fiancé's burger was part raw part over cooked, and the bacon was all fat. 
 
For a place trying to build a brunch customer- the service was terrible. Our waitress didn't even ask if we enjoyed our food or offer a refill on my fiancé's coffee. 

We won't be back, there are better places in the area who care about their food and customers.
The food was terrific at St. Stephen's green today - it just took so. so. so. long to get it.

Part of it might have been what we ordered - I had a divine braised shortrib (fell right off the bone) over fettucine.  "Does this come in a heavy sauce?", I asked.  "Oh, no." replied our server.  LIES!!!  I asked for light on the oil - and true enough there was very little oil.

Just tons of BUTTER on the fettucine.

Oh well.  My hips will thank me tomorrow.

The Isabella Salad is terrific and I will be getting that next time - if I can do a next time.  I get an hour for lunch and we wallked in at 1:05 PM and out at 2:20.  I bit too long for lunch, I'm afraid.

And a bit too pricey for lunch - if you order (as I did) a DINNER FOR LUNCH.  Next time salad or the grilled turkey wrap. 

Server was pleasant (a little slow) and one of the owners was there and he is a doll.

I am very close to giving them 4 stars.

But now I need a post osso-bucco nap .
It was (rich and) delicious.
4.5 stars

This place was delicious.  Our party of two arrived around noon on a Friday.  The chicken, chorizo and rice soup was amazing.   The spare ribs in basically an asian bbq sauce were amazing as well.  I liked my turkey burrito a lot too.  The black bottom pecan pie was good, but I'm hard to please since my mom's is so good.

The servers were all really friendly and were overall excellent.  The restaurant is pretty nice inside but I didn't get a chance to check out the bar side.  Overall I was really happy with the experience and it was worth the long walk to get there.
Tonight I ate at St. Stephen's for the first time since it was taken over by new management. Experience was awful and not even close to what it once was. Wait staff (there were only two people working) were cold and had zero social skills, all the customers were young hipster types, and the food was gross. I ordered chicken pesto panini -- It was just a sandwich and the chicken was rubbery. Waffle fries it came with had the consistency of potato chips. I am so disappointed, but honestly not surprised. As soon as I walked in and spotted the beer fridge against the wall and some nightclub-looking neon wall "art" I should have turned around and left. I will never be back, which is so sad because it's been a neighborhood staple and my place since I moved here in 2009. Goodbye, St. Stephens. You are greatly missed.
Oh god, this place. Where do I begin.

You remember that day when it was suddenly snowing? I schlepped to my friend's place on the OTHER side of vine (what on earth was I thinking, no I'm kidding, it's fine up there) and was fucking STARVING. This place is right spank on my friend's corner (I just typed "courner", am I british all of a sudden?) and I couldn't argue with the location/convenience. 

Apparently my friend chills at this place all the time bc it's a good bar spot. This was not at nighttime but had eggs so I was down. Vegetarian options are limited. I went with the special omelette with brie, spinach, and mushrooms (w/o the shrooms) with a side of mashed potatoes bc it's been a hot minute since I've had that whipped, starchy, goodness. Friend ordered fish and chips. 

I had to wait a bit to meet my friend at the establishment for the fios guy to leave my friend's place so her dog wouldn't, as my friend would say: "eat his face". We also ordered bloody marys, I specified "extra hot".

Upon my arrival, the food and mary was waiting patiently for me at the bar. Because I am incapable of eating anything, especially EGGS, without hot sauce and salt/pepper (except maybe ice cream or peanut butter spoonfuls), I had to also wait patiently for the bartender or any fucking staff member whatsoever to request these items.  That waiting took a while. Service on a saturday afternoon in a pseudoblizzard leaves quite a bit to be desired. I actually walked around the place to hunt someone down when the bartender finally returned, texting. My friend tells me the service isn't the pinnacle of the experience at this place. 

I poured tabasco over this thick omelette bad-boy and dug the fuck in. There were weird beigeish strips in there that I was concerned might be mushrooms but could possibly be the brine of the brie. Brie in an omelette is an interesting flavor, I wouldn't go for it again actually, it was outrageously sharp and I usually like sharp. Despite this, I WOLFED this down d/t my emaciation. The mashed potatoes were the powder-in-the-box variety. Disappointing.

My friend enjoyed her fish and chips apparently. I had a few "chips" and they were fine.

This place might be good for bar/dinner stuff?
Lay time we went here (summer of 2019) our experience was terrible. There were flies all over the place and it was just gross. It wasn't a surprise to us when they were shut down. 

To our surprise, upon reopening, the restaurant has completely turned around. The revamped everything and it looked great inside! Our waiter was very nice and we were very happy with our food. We ordered the chicken tenders, cheesesteak egg rolls, tomato soup, and chorizo soup. 

The chorizo chicken soup was my absolute favorite. It was so delicious and was full of so much flavor. The chicken tenders tasted exactly like they did before they closed which was so nice because we LOVED them. The cheesesteak egg rolls used to be a favorite but unfortunately I didn't think they were as great as before. They weren't terrible but just not the same. 

Definitely recommend giving this place another try!
What a fantastic local establishment! Solid vibes and solid food and solid staff! Neighborhood joint that never disappoints! Did I even mention the washrooms?!
Great place for happy hour and dinner, and it never seems too crowded, which I love. It seems to have gone through a major revamp, and the ownership is still improving and expanding the menu and offerings, so I definitely appreciate that as well. The space inside is very large, with a number of TV screens, as well as an outdoor table area, perfect for chill summer nights.

The bar food at St. Stephen's Green is pretty diverse, and the portions are awesome. The nachos are massive and came with heaping pile of carnitas. Holy moly, that's good. The burger is a huge patty and you can choose a two toppings at no extra charge. Beer selection was also pretty diverse, although I just usually always go with a Yuengling. Ya gotta.

Service is super friendly and attentive, and you definitely get the neighborhood-friendly pub vibe. I'll have to come back and try the cheesesteak egg rolls and the wings. You can't go wrong with the food, and definitely come hungry, because they feed you very well here.
This place sticks out like a sore thumb in such a low key neighboorhood. A little too frat bar-ish at certain times for my taste. It definitely gets loud.
I have mixed feelings about St. Stephens. Their brunch is delicious and is by far my favorite time to visit. Their Crab Eggs Benedict is wonderful, especially with the tarragon sauce. They have a decent beer selection, but their prices are pretty steep.However, they usually have Bell's Two-Hearted Ale, which makes me really happy, since it's one of my favorite beers. Their food is good, especially the Curried Chicken Wrap, and relatively cheap for the area.

As for the clientele, I absolutely cannot stand most of the people who frequent this bar. I've heard so many conversations that made me want to throw up. Lots of frat boys and girls who wear ten pounds of makeup. Unfortunately, these people crowd up the place, especially on weekends, and make it almost impossible to stand. If not for them, I'd definitely come here more often.
The beer list and outdoor seating make this place pretty much a good time.
"I think I'll try the Tramp Stamp" one meber of our party said to another. (That would be the beer and not the lower back tattoo)
ST Stephens Green's outside deck made for a great place for our second bar stop for Saturdays st pattys day shennigans.
The hummus was very good and our server kept us with beers in hand for hour the or so that we were here. I would return to try some other food items and the draft list(price wise) is ok for the area
St. Stephen's Green is one of my favorite spots in Fairmount. I've been there with large groups on multiple occasions for both dinner and drinks. It's also a great spot for two people to chat and actually hear the conversation. In the summer, there are tables set up on the outside perimeter, in addition to an inside courtyard with tables. There is a main dining room in the front and the bar area with additional dining space to the back. There is typically a good draft selection and the food is always enjoyable.

My husband and I recently went there for a super low key Friday night date night. We sat at a high top in the back bar area. For drinks, I went with the Troegs Perpetual IPA and he went with the Yards Cape Of Good Hope. I didn't love the draft list at the moment, but I can blame that a combination of fall beers and too many "staples". To me, Guinness and Harp are a waste of perfectly good taps, but I guess at an Irish themed pub people are into that stuff. 

For food, we split the BBQ chicken nacho appetizer. Since my husband doesn't eat cheese, we had to special order the nachos. We asked them to sprinkle cheese on half, regardless of what it will look like. Our server seemed to think it would be a problem but said she'd give it a try. The nachos ended up coming out on two smaller plates: one with cheese and one without. Brilliant! Now that's thinking outside of the box. The BBQ chicken on the nachos made for one great nacho experience; although both of our plates really lacked beans. The chips were house-baked and were very large and crispy. I was honestly pretty full from half (of my half) of the nachos and could have stopped there. 

Despite the fact we were still working on our nachos, our main courses were brought out. I really wish they had waited a bit. The table was pretty small so we had to do some rearranging to get everything to fit. For dinner I had the lamb tacos and he had the chicken tacos, so at least it was themed with our nachos. The taco was double shelled with each shell consisting of both hard and soft. The tacos were brought out with just the lamb inside and a very healthy portion of black beans, manchego, tamatillo relish, cilantro cream on the side. Ultimately I ended up using too much garnish on each taco and it drowned out the lamb flavor that I love so much. In the future, I'll definitely use less of each. Somehow I finished both tacos and walked out of St. Stephen's pretty stuffed. 

It'll only be a matter of time before my return visit.
They used to have the BEST Mac n cheese and pierogies, amazing nachos, and really great tacos--everything was perfect on their app menu! Slightly overpriced by a few dollars for a neighborhood bar  but the food was so delicious! A few months ago they changed basically the whole menu. GOT RID of their famous macaroni and cheese and pretty much every appetizer and replaced them with shitty appetizers like the corn elote bites that are mostly whatever they're fried in- with barely any filling on the inside. Then they have mediocre typical apps that aren't particularly exciting--like a hummus platter, caprese salad, wings, etc. now the prices actually are too high for these mediocre apps. Will never forgive them for changing the entire appetizer menu , that was our fave place and now we only will go for a drink every now and then.
Arrived just as the kitchen was opening on Saturday morning at 11AM. Decent beer selection and a great menu. Sat outside on the beautiful morning, not a very pleasant waitress until she handed us the check and put in the last minute pleasantry in an effort for a better tip. Regardless, brunch was delish. 

I ordered the St. Stephens Green Morning Walk, a full Irish breakfast that was indescribably delicious. The plate featured bangers (sausage), rashers (Irish bacon), fried tomato, eggs (your choice, I went with scrambled), an English muffin, portabella mushroom, black & white pudding (more meat) and baked beans. Only other time I'd had an Irish breakfast was in Dublin a few years back and this was every bit as tasty.

The rest of the menu looks yummy so I'll be back to check it out for another meal.
The interior is beautiful.  I've heard it was crafted in Ireland, then shipped over here and put together on site.  During the winter it was a nice place to sit at one of the fireplace tables and drink dark beer.  
During the summer, it is the tables outside on the corner of Green St. that  make it a nice place to sit and people watch the dog walkers and passerby.  

The beer selection is good European fare and definitely more diverse than Kellians two blocks over.  The bloody mary I had at a pretty sub-standard brunch was dark brown and tasted like bong water and A-1 sauce.  The downstairs bar is really cool for those who reminisce of getting shitfaced during Monday Night Football at your friend's basement bar.  

The food, although quite limited, is pretty good.  Lamb Tacos or the Warm Spinach Salad stand out nicely, but they really should get a handle on what they want their menu to be.  I have enjoyed a few items that have since been replaced by lesser choices.  

It is in the neighborhood, the crowd gets amped for sports, and you can have a good draft beer on a sunny day.  That makes it worth stopping through once a month or so.
Came in after our Dodgeball game, apparently they offer specials on Wings and Beer if you're wearing your shirt. We were but for whatever reason they didn't realize and offer us the special. punks.

Anywho, I'm so indecisive/always hungry so I just ordered two things. BBQ wings (omg the gorgonzola dip is bombbb) and the Burger with portobello & carmelized onions w/ fries obv. I don't know which was better, so just get both. I took a few wings home and they were just as amazeee the next day. 

I don't love the set up, it was also freezing bc we were sat near the door that leads to their back patio.
This is a bar in the neighborhood that I tend to forget about unless I'm actively brainstorming places to go. It's never my first choice, but it's never a poor choice.

I've yet to experience exceptional service here -- usually servers look rushed and frazzled, and on my first visit on a date back in January, I overheard the staff making comments about kicking us out because they wanted to close early. It was like 10 p.m. and they were supposed to stay open for a few more hours at least.

Despite that, I do still like St. Stephen's. It's a great spot for outdoor drinking in the warmer months and their back patio area is nice if you're looking for eclectic privacy.

I'd definitely recommend them as a spot for a quick drink. Their list is usually pretty solid.
I'm new to Philly, so I don't have much to compare my meal and time at St. Stephens Green to...but I very much enjoyed my time there. My friend and I sat outside and still got prompt service. We both had the Apricot Weizens, a sweeter beer than many might like but not overly cloying. I had a special (beef short rib with truffle risotto) which satisfied me very much...though the risotto texture may have been a wee bit funny. My friend had the turkey burrito and loved it, and the fries that came with...I was less impressed by the fries...I prefer a crispy fry to any thing other than that. This is definitely a place where you can eat and drink within your budget (if your budget is about $25) and it's also a place where you can eat and drink beyond said budget. I will definitely go back and try their lamb tacos.
From my back yard I can throw a stone and hit St. Stephen's. And yet, even though the food is great and the beer selection is good, I don't end up going nearly as often as you might think. 

The reason I tend to avoid this bar, especially on nights and weekends, is because the service is normally poor, the atmosphere is lacking, and the music is always too loud (and bad). It is also somewhat expensive to eat and drink at St. Stephen's, although the food is generally well above average in quality. 

There is great outside seating, and the wood work inside the bar is outstanding. I also appreciate the beer of the day (normally only changes every week or so) special, which offers $4 pints of a variety of quality beers. 

Multiple flat screens make it a good place to watch a game, including premiere league and international soccer. 

All in all, this is a nice place, its just too bad that some of its negatives keep it from being a great neighborhood pub.
It makes me sad to write this review.  St. Stephen's was my corner bar from 2009-2017 and I went back over the weekend when I was in the neighborhood.  The menu has completely changed and it was missing the best dishes (especially the wings).  My Bloody Mary was a little gloopy and the chicken tostadas were ok, but nothing like their menu used to be.  I'm glad I have a new neighborhood of bars to explore or I would be mourning the loss of this bar for a long time.
St. Stephen's Green has a wonderful location - drawing loyal patrons for many years gone by.  We first visited the place five years ago when celebrating lunch after the purchase of our home several doors away.  Ownership has obviously changed hands - new management and a new chef.   We keep giving the place a chance and it keeps letting us down.  It's time for the management to wake up before they kill an iconic neighborhood bar/restaurant.  I only give it one star for the previous experiences for that first four years.  New management - listen to your customers before you have to close your doors!
Trips to St. Stephen's have only ever resulted in disappointment. On my first trip, having read positive reviews, I was very excited. After getting there and looking over the menu, nothing stuck out or looked particularly interesting so I got the burger. It was $10 and rather bland and uninspired. Although not liking it, I decided that it deserved a second chance. The second time I went with a group of 5 for brunch, and that was what really turned me off. First, they were out of several items on the menu. I ordered the Eggs Benedict. Then, after the food arrive it was very average and not very filling. I left that morning still hungry and knowing that it would be my last time there. 
In addition to the food, the atmosphere is rather bland. You could move this place down to center city and it would look just as generic as any of the other Irish pubs down there, sans Fergies.
Had a great meal here tonight. We have been meaning to try out this local spot because we live within easy walking distance. We weren't too hungry so we just had a smaller meal tonight. I ordered the filet mignon sliders and they were outstanding. 3 sliders, each with a different cheese and caramelized onions. Really loved the Gorgonzola one. Excited to try more food and beers there next time. Eat it!
Had a great time while I was here.  A group of us came here after our company christmas luncheon (which doesn't end until 5pm).  Many of us were already in high spirits when we arrived.  We continued our holiday celebration here and had such a nice time.  The place is beautiful and the bathrooms were clean.  The staff was great and very accomodating.  I'll definitely come back for another visit.  I only gave it 4 stars because I haven't tried the food here yet.  Perhaps on my next visit I'll sample their cuisine.
You guys should really get the Nextdoor app asap and log into it to see the thread on your business. The information there should be very useful. Maybe if you channel that feedback you can make your restaurant the place that it used to be, the place people enjoyed.
I live across the street and have treated this place as my go-to for a quick Guinness (properly poured) after work and watching a quarter of the Sixers game, and for the easy brunch on a weekend with my girlfriend.

First and foremost, the food is awesome.  This is notable because it really does not need to be awesome, but they obviously care about putting a great menu together with some quality cooking.  Lamb tacos, chicken tenders, and nachos are all FAR above average for bar food in the city.  The brunch is also great and features the best full Irish breakfast in Philly.  A rare find.

The only downside is random and I worry it is petty, but it cannot be ignored.  The owner obviously loves music, and he has great taste, but the music is far too loud in there.  I treat St. Stephen's as my neighborhood haven, an identity which the bar tries to embrace with its fireplace and friendly staff.  However, it is sometimes even louder than a Center City bar in there, and for no reason whatsoever.  I am not an old man telling kids to get off my lawn, and all my friends and neighbors who frequent St. Stephen's agree with the volume issue.  When the music is off for the preference of the sports broadcast, the TV is also deafeningly loud.  Just a confusing trait of the place.

Besides that, I could not have asked to live across the street from a better pub.

UPDATE:  After multiple return visits, I can confirm the great tunes are now at a reasonable decibel.  5 stars for the bar I frequent most.
The food at this place is AWESOME.  Diverse menu and flavors that are rich and exciting.  The Mac and cheese, filet mignon sliders, and chicken tacos were all excellent.  Nice atmosphere, with indoor and outdoor seating, and nice staff too.  The only thing kept me from giving this place 5 stars is that our food came out quite slowly.  Would definitely come back.
Kind of a cool neighborhood hangout but when it comes to food quality, this place is lacking. Decent selection of craft beer and ok pricing but the past 2 times I've eaten here, the food wasn't good. After having a bad pork sandwich (with cold and not good fries), the next time I tried the beef stew. The beef stew was horrible and dry. Another person in our party ordered ravioli and was disappointed at the price and quality. I'm upset that this place is NOT an option for us to go to anymore. With consistently bad food, I'm not returning here and my advice is to look elsewhere. cheers
Come here for Sunday brunch before visiting any of the art museums. In the spring there are a lot of flowering trees on the street, and you can sit outside. There were very few people there at 11:30 and we were able to get a table outside easily. The presentation was attractive. The home fries were particularly tasty. Service was fast.
St Stephen's Green had quite possibly the best Eggs Benedict and sweet potato home fries I've ever had. By sheer luck, the chef had substituted irish rashers for the ham, and this was a wonderful addition. 

Bloody mary - I've had far better. It was watery and contained too much ice and not enough tomato, or vodka, and NO celery! For $7, it fell short of expectations. Overall, I would definitely return just for the brunch experience and will tell all my friends about this great find.
I love going to this place.  It is close to my place and it often has good food and beer specials.   Prepare to be astounded at the amount of food you get with some of the dishes.  I ordered calamari here once and got an absolute shit ton.  However, it was also the worst calamari I've ever had....  Not all the dishes are terrible.  The wings are a good value especially on the days when they have the 50 cent specials.  Also, soup dishes are quite plentiful for low money.  I enjoy this place and will be coming back again to try the other menu options.  

Nice decor, the area is split into a bar area with tables and another section near the entrance which has just tables.  Good for meeting friends, watching football games, and dates I suppose.
A group of 5 of us went there yesterday for brunch after the Love Run, and it was a nice place! They have lots of seating and large panel windows that let in tons of sunlight - especially nice on a sunny (albeit cold) day. They have a nice beer list, and the brunch menu was pretty extensive. The food itself was impressive, too! Everyone got something different, and everyone's meal looked excellent. I had the breakfast burrito, which was admittedly the most dull item, but my fiancee had spicy shrimp creole (or something like that) which was excellent. Portions are nice and big, too.

The waitstaff was nice and helpful, and were attentive despite the clearly larger-than-normal crowds associated with the race. Great place!
Fun atmosphere and great drinks. The bartender and servers were so friendly. We ordered food to go and it was ok. I wouldn't eat there again. I will definitely go back for cocktails.
Used to be the neighborhood spot, before it changed hands.  Shame.
Their barbecue chicken sandwich was barfy!  A McChicken is 10 times better, and much, much cheaper. I couldn't even find the chicken as it was lost in the onions and whatever else was in there that I couldn't identify.  Once I did find a small piece of chicken, it had a consistency of paste. Very much overcooked and certainly no barbecue flavor. Such a ripoff!

The wings did not taste fresh and the sauce is not satisfying.

As for my friend's mussels, he thought they tasted alright but they were quite small, but more concerning was the fact that they didn't come with the proper mussel-eating accouterments, such as a bowl to place the shells in.

They seated us all bunched-in like sardines, and thanks to the heavyset guy behind me I couldn't get in or out of my chair without great difficulty.  

Yuck all around, and although I formerly liked this place, I will not be returning.
Absolutely stellar. Whenever I'm visiting friends in Philly, we always come here 2-3 times in a visit. Sure, it's convenient to their home, but that doesn't take away from the amazing service and drink menu. Despite being called a Masshole by my now-favorite server, Kyle, I thoroughly enjoyed myself. Did the 7 vodka sodas and Barcelona winning the soccer game help? Sure, but I like to think it was his charming personality. Great atmosphere, back patio for some sweet, sweet lung pollution, and chicken tacos round out this smashing pub.
Came here for a Saturday morning brunch and the food was excellent. I went for a traditional "Irish Breakfast" for $13 and it was truly quite tasteful. I'm not a big fan of black/white pudding but theirs was delicious! I finished the plate clean and enjoyed it with a tasty espresso martini for $5. The brunch drink specials also have $5 mimosas and other vodka drinks. The food came quick and the service was great, the only hold up from five stars was the annoying couple of flies, but will give them the benefit of the doubt and update my review after my next visit. The food really was so good!
I had to review this place because we were so impressed. We stopped in last night for dinner (Monday night) and fell in love. I wish we lived closer so we could go more often, if I lived in the area we would be regulars.
Onto the food and service, service was great. Our hostess was attentive and helpful, directing us to the better choices on the menu. The Philly Pale Ale was cold and delicious. I had the Irish Lamb Stew and my husband had Bangers and Mash. Both were absolutely delicious, the bangers were the best I've ever tasted. We shared a Baileys Cheesecake for dessert and our son had Nutella Chocolate Cake, which he devoured. Our son ate the chicken fingers for dinner and they were delicious, light and juicy. The aioli sauce was nice and spicy. 
We will definitely return when we are back in Philly.
It is St. Patrick's Day in Philadelphia and everyone goes out somewhere to have a drink ... or ten.  Well there's no prettier Irish Pub ... actually there's no prettier any type of pub in Philadelphia than St. Stephen's Green. It is awesome looking - both outside and inside. The woodwork is pure craftmanship, the wrap-around large windows add a light & airy feel, each room has it's own atmo, in winter it's cozy, in summer it's cool.  Also in summer they have outdoor seating in a rear courtyard as well as a café out on the sidewalk.  The beer list is def most excellent, the food is fine (although I do miss Ben McNamara as the chef).  St. Stephen's Green is both a neighborhood pub and a destination one.  Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Everything I have had here is fine. Nothing spectacular, just good.

When it first opened it had a lot of pub food. It didn't seem like it was trying to be a gastropub, just a nice neighborhood bar. But since then, the prices have gone up and the portions have shrunk. They serve some fancier items now and have removed most of the comfort food. 

The fries aren't as good as they used to be, I think they used to double fry them. The sea salt is a very nice touch.

The service is friendly, but some servers are much more skilled than others. 

Beers are fine, it is a nice place for a drink. The interior is lovely, but it gets very loud on busy nights.
Just went to the brunch--this place is awesome... Apparently they have a new chef, and everything is made from scratch.  I had these moist homemade biscuits covered in a creamy sauce with lump crabmeat, chorizo, and an egg over easy.  Also tried the steak empanadas--yumm.
The bar is all old-school saloon kinda feel and they have a cool back patio area. 

Hardly anyone was there for brunch--it's basically the best kept Sunday morning secret!
This place is good, and when I say good, I mean really... f**king... GOOD. I've been wowed by establishments before, but this place really takes the cake in every respect.
 Let's begin with the food. I haven't had a chance to meet the chef yet, but whoever it is is truly a master in their craft. You know how sometimes you'll have an amazing meal at a restaurant and then you hype it up to all your friends and family and you take them all back to try it in one big group, but it just isn't the same and they all look at you like you're a damn fool and on the inside you can just feel yourself shrink into oblivion? You get my personal guarantee that will never happen here. NEVER have I experienced more consistent output from a kitchen, and never have I been able to taste the genuine care put into the meal with each bite quite as clearly and with quite as strong a flavor as I have from here. I've tried about two thirds of the items on the menu and not only have I been satisfied with each of them, I've been EXCITED by each of them. I know what you're thinking...I'm going a bit too far, but I swear to you it is true...this place really has some cutting edge culinary minds at work putting inventive yet subtle twists on what could easily be average pub food. Order whatever you're in the mood for and I promise it will not disappoint!
 The drinks! Yes, the drinks. They have a classic and simultaneously unique selection of liquors to choose from here. All the standards and also some rare and exotic elixirs its possible you haven't been notified of yet...which could have the potential to be daunting...nothing worse than embarrassing yourself by ordering incorrectly and having the hip bartender correct you in his condescending tone. Luckily the owners here searched far and wide and have imported what I would have to say is the most knowledgable, friendliest, down to Earth, and damn good looking bartender that I personally have ever encountered. Alec will answer any questions you might have without any hint of superiority, he'll recommend something you might enjoy, and best of all he'll fix you up a expertly executed drink and then flash you that smile that makes you feel like a millionaire out on the town on a Saturday night. A priceless sensation. 
 But how's the vibe? To be blunt, I would describe it as splendid. And not without options! Weather permitting you could choose to dine at one of several tables outside, properly equipped with umbrellas for shade. The interior dining area is very cosy yet refined...theres a hint of elegance but it's not over the top, just enough to make you feel welcome and also like you're someplace special. If you just want to post up at the bar and get right down to boozing, they provide a thick study hardwood bar at regulation height and the bar stools have backs! Want to take your drink outside, but not interested in loitering around on the sidewalk like a regular panhandling wino? They've got a beautiful back patio area with a nice table and a variety of comfortable seating. 
 Writing it all out like this really makes it seem like they thought of everything, doesn't it? I guess maybe they did. I've been to a lot of Philadelphia area restaurants in my 52 years and this is my favorite one to come around in quite a while, let me tell you. Do yourself a big favor: round up some buds and come on down. Without question you will leave in an elated state of being and with some new friends. After all, don't you deserve it?
When I moved to Philadelphia, I lived on 17th Street just north of this place. It was still a closed bar, apparently a place owned by a nut job that ran off with the money. So there it sat. Then we all learned that it would re-open as St. Stephen's Green.

St Steve's is a pretty cool place. There is a lot to like about this place. Outdoor seating in the summer, a fireplace in the winter, a basement bar to escape the crazy crowds upstairs. 

The food is not bad, somewhat inspired gastro-pub type food. I've had just about everything on the menu. However, last night, I wanted to order this "chick-pea crepe" of their's and it was out. That's a bummer. I've had brunch here many times and they do that pretty well, too.

Another plus is the beer selection. I find that it is really all over the place, but not in a bad way. There are belgians, germans, micros from all over the country. Last night, I was drinking the Great Lakes IPA (Commodore Perry) and the Yards Brawler.

The waitstaff used to be notoriously bad, but I didn't notice any of those people working and I think they boiled out the fluff and kept the good ones. The bartenders are super cool. My party had a nice time chilling with Stacey downstairs. She's pretty righteous. 

The only thing that sucks about this place is the clientele. That's part of the reason I haven't yelped this place until now. I didn't want to write only from memory, but I also kinda hate going because of the douchey pricks that hang out there. Case in point, some ass-hat stole my coat last night (and later that night returned to the scene still wearing it). The dining room is a great way to avoid the scum.
This place has a really cool atmosphere, friendly staff and outdoor patio that looks awesome. Good place to hit up in Fairmount if you're looking for a pub type place. 

Pros:
Extensive beer menu
Great happy hour menu
Good food- the fish and chips were good, the bbq chicken nachos were fantastic 

Cons: 
Expensive for non happy hour
Gets crowded/noisy easily.
I was really not impressed and I was really really really hungry that day when I went there for the first time. If you are really that hungry I thought their food would wow me but sadly no. It was good but not awesome. I think the only thing that impress me is their beer list and my husband said they make a good jack and coke.
Bad burgers. I asked for med rare and got a well done burger that was in pieces. It was gross.
I was in town for the annual SWE conference, and my AirBnB was literally right next to St. Stephen's Green. It was like a TV show (like HIMYM) and super convenient! 

I went here a couple times in my weekend here, and I'm a fan. Drinks were decent and decently priced, and food seemed expensive but had large portions.
- buttermilk chicken tenders: weren't too dry but not too moist, comes with a nice aioli sauce
- lamb tacos: the lamb was really good! The tacos come with a refreshing yogurt sauce. I've been cutting my carbs, so I scraped the meat out of the hard shell and the beans from between the hard and soft shells (this was a cool taco set up!).
- Patron shots: they cost $12 but they were like.. 1.5 shots or something. It was massive.

Service: waiters were polite and food came out pretty quickly. They were keen to see that we had everything we needed.

Ambience: I liked that the bar and table service were in separate sections of the establishment. The bar scene was definitely louder than I could handle this weekend, so I was glad to be sitting away.
In a past review, I called The Standard Tap 'the only true gastropub in Philly.  let me just take the time to amend this position. . .Although The Tap is still number one in my book, I've really grown to appreciate St. Stephen's.  

The lamb tacos are seriously good.  The lamb is perfectly braised: tender, flavorful and not-at-all greasy or slimy.  I'm a fan.

Burgers are fresh and juicy  and the chopped Caesar is simple and tasty.

They have enough good beer on tap and they are always properly served. 

What I like best is that the service is always friendly and patient.  It's true that the kitchen can be slow, but its a sure thing that your server will keep your beers coming with a smile.
Came for drinks at the bar with a friend and had a great time! The bartender was really friendly and engaging.
Great bar food (tacos,  wings, sandwiches), well priced booze, nice atmosphere, and friendly staff.  Definitely swing in if you're in the neighborhood.
I wish I liked this place more because it occupies a terrific, bright corner property that always looks so appealing from outside. After two visits, however, I'm sorry to say I'm not a big fan.

My first trip was two weekends ago around 10pm for post-dinner beers with my boyfriend. We asked if they could put the Phillies game on (this was when they still had a fighting chance) and the bartender gladly obliged. Unfortunately, however, both of the first two beers I tried to order were no longer available, which made me pretty skeptical about the draft list. At the end of the evening, the bartenders accidentally charged us only for two beers even though we had ordered four total. No problem, but when we corrected the error, they didn't say so much as thank you. It made the staff seem aloof in a way that I found mildly off-putting.

My experience today involved my parents and brunch. We sat outside, which was lovely, but the service really left something to be desired and the food was only mediocre. For unknown reasons, we waited well over half an hour for our food, and once it finally arrived, my side was wrong (I'd asked for a salad instead of fries) and my mom's entire entree was wrong. Our server apologized and promised she'd return with the correct entree very quickly, but we ended up waiting another ten mins for that (despite our server's reassurance about two mins in that it'd only take four mins). This wouldn't have been so frustrating had we not waited so long at the outset -- but we had waited, had not ordered any appetizers, and were quite hungry by this point.

I ordered the brunch burger done medium, but it came out well done, nearly to the point of being dry. My parents commented that their egg dishes were fine but not great. We're not picky eaters at all, but the experience as a whole was disappointing, and it's strongly discouraging me from returning. The only item I really enjoyed and found fairly priced was the $5 mimosa -- so maybe the move is to keep expectations low and come here only for snacks and a simple breakfast cocktail during brunch hours.
I am so happy this bar has opened back up! With a cute outdoor and indoor setup (love the huge windows) with spaced out tables, it is so nice to have good eats and drinks back in Fairmount/Callowhill area. We had the grilled cheese and burger with sweet potato fries. Don't forget to check out their drink specials (slushees!) and great draft beer menu. Megan was a wonderful and attentive server who took care of our party the entire night. Love that they have TVs and Touch Tunes for a fun and entertaining time. Will be back to try more on the menu and for those sweet potato fries!

Update: We tried the nachos and chicken tenders and both were delicious! Megan was awesome as our server again. Such a great place for happy hour, dinner or drinks. Love this place!
I've been coming here a long time (almost 8 plus years!) but the new owners have changed things up, and not for the better. It's sad to see how drastically it's changed. The new menu is not the best, and the quality has gone down..m Service is also really suffering.. stopped in one night for a drink and waited at the bar with no response from the bartender who was too busy talking to his buddies at the end of the bar. It's disappointing to walk by and see them passing out plastic solo cups to those eating outside; such a waste to our plant! We live on the street and probably won't be back after multiple failed attempts for the new ownership to get it right.
Great beer selection and awesome service! The atmosphere is really low key but very classy. Nice place for happy hour. It is hard to fine parking but it is pretty close to a school so you can park in their lot after school hours.
Needing to get out of my apartment to watch the Phillies, I found that most of my usual game watching friends had other plans.  I called up my brother.and found that he was watching the game at  St. Stephen's Green.  I found him in the downstairs bar, with a stool at the ready.

The downstairs bar is a bit claustrophobic, with a low ceiling and a long, narrow space.  Other than that, its a good space, with a bar on one wall, a rail on the other, and some seating in the back.  It looked like they had a big TV at the far end too.  The tap looked to be mostly microbrews, but as I was watching baseball, I stuck with lager.

We split a tasty pizza from the entrees also, but it would have been a little light as a meal.  The other food going by looked fantastic, I'll have to get back here to give it a try.  The food service did seem to be bit slow, mostly because they just had a runner rather than a waitstaff.  That  might be different upstairs.  Our bartender was incredibly attentive, and I actually had to tell her to slow down, because there was a full beer waiting for me before my empty bottle hit the bar.

I don't get up that way very often, but it seems like this is a good addition the the bar scene in the Art Museum/Fairmount area.
I used to love coming here but that stopped when they changed their menu. Please bring back the Mac and cheese as well as the filet sliders! Those were two mouthwatering dishes, the rest of the menu is basic.
Since my last review was one sentence (and also because the pork nachos no longer exist on the menu), I decided to give this place a proper review since I'm pretty much here every week or at least every other week.

Now they have BBQ chicken nachos which are still BANGIN' with a sweet and tangy BBQ sauce and still as large as ever, but the pork was still the best.

Anyway, I've had other stuff here and since I've never once been disappointed with my meal, I decided to give it 5 stars instead of 4, despite the fact that service here varies because the bartenders/hostesses/servers are all interchangeable on any given day.

Guinness battered fish and chips = fresh.  Fried calamari = some of the best I've had in the city.  Hummus = delicious.  Flatbread pizza = very good (though likely to get expensive if you keep adding toppings).  Cheesesteak = perfection.

Okay, so not perfect because obviously the cheesesteak debate in the this city is one I've never cared to take part in, but this one delivers for me.  The seeded bun holds up to the gooey, oozing plethora of sweet onions, chunks of steak, and amazing cheese (I don't think it's provolone, but I don't know).

Plus, their fries are always crispy, salty, and amazing.

Will continue to stumble over here hungover on Sunday afternoons for a satisfying meal.
Ehh is my initial thought upon leaving here. Prices are pretty high, Bloody Mary's were just ok. Chicken tacos were very good, probably the highlight of our visit. The inside is beautiful and clean. Service was just ok. But there's too many better brunch places in the city, even fairmont.
This place hit the dumper, it seems. Used to be well regarded. Initial service was seemingly non-existent. Our second server was bright, attentive and pleasant, tho. Thank you.  
Maybe, it's a summer thing... by next summer a new restaurant may occupy the space.  
This complaint could blossom... but I don't have the energy.
I teeter between three and four stars here, but since I am at St. Stephen's regularly, I think I owe it a four-star review (I wish 3.5 stars was an option).

As far as neighborhood bars go, you could do a lot worse.  The place is generally clean, the bartenders are nice and friendly, and they are generally attentive.  The beer list rotates all the time.  This is both great and horrible.  It is great for trying new beers, but it is horrible when everything is either a lager, belgian wit, or some sort of christmas beer.  It also makes it hard to predict how much you'll like the beer selection before you get there.  They also have a tendency to run out of beer and not update their list immediately.  Clearly, St. Stephen's is not the only bar to have an issue with this, but it can be a little frustrating to feel like you have no idea what they actually have.

The food is good, but not great.  It is definitely overpriced in my opinion.  The lamb tacos and chicken quesadilla are by far my favorite dishes.  Their brunch, while passable, is not creative and feels distinctly average when you consider their prices (for those prices, I'd rather go to Lemon Hill or Sabrina's for brunch).  I once got a scallop salad which was way too small to be dinner.  However, I always enjoy their house-cured smoked salmon salad.  Their cream of mushroom soup is unbelievable (when they have it).  My biggest gripe with the food is that it's just too expensive.  It's almost impossible to find something that costs $10 or less.

However, I really do enjoy the atmosphere.  It is a great place for meeting up in the neighborhood for a few drinks.  They have plenty of TVs, and I like catching games there.  The bartenders even tolerate me when I root for the NY Giants.  Basically, this is a three-star place, but it gets a fourth star for its chill atmosphere.
The inside of this place reminds me of the inside of a BK lounge. There is wood panelling everywhere and a fireplace framed by two cozy dining nooks. 
The food menu is diverse and covers any particular taste you might be craving.
The beer selection is top notch. 
All these things coupled with a nice outdoor dining space and clean bathrooms makes for a great experience. Definitely worth a visit.
This place has character, and I LIKE it!

You feel like you're stepping into a pub in Europe in a lot of ways.  The furniture, the lighting, the general mood.  There was an interesting beer selection, and our waitress was extremely knowledgeable about the choices.  I ended up with a variation on a Belgian white.  

For dinner, I tried the burger and my honey got the salmon.  You could choose two toppings for the burger, and I ended up with caramelized onions and brie.  Our food was great and plentiful, and I took a nice doggie bag home.

To me, this is the perfect neighborhood bar for when you're looking for a step up from wings and fries.  Sure, it's slightly more expensive (4 beers, 2 entrees and a dessert got us to around $65), but nothing too steep.  We didn't get to explore the bar area, but it seemed comfortable and inviting as well.
Second visit. This time, there was a heavenly pumpkin stout on tap. It's still a selection heavily weighted toward IPAs and lighter beers, but having a couple of darker ones on tap made a big difference in the overall experience. As for food, this time I went for the Irish bacon grilled cheese. It was a superb blend of 7 cheeses - I could have stood it even cheesier, but the intense, barely salty, smoky flavor of the Irish bacon turned the sandwich into a nirvana experience. The fries were very disappointing, though - natural cut, but stiff and cold as if made hours before.

Beer is up to 4 stars now, definitely. Food is at a high 4 stars, and with less crowds on my second visit, the atmosphere is now a high 3 stars. The place still needs more TVs - there are four total, and they are all locked to the same channel as determined by the one (difficult to locate, apparently) remote. It also needs slightly lower prices on everything, and a bit more consistency to make sure every dish is up to the standards it could be. Is it improving, or has my second experience merely added to my first? Time will tell.
I really want to love this place because it used to be a cool neighborhood spot where you could run into neighbors and friends. This place totally spiraled downward. 

I broke my tooth eating their nachos. The chips were so hard and stale. Hundreds of dollars later I have a bond and a fixed tooth. Service was inattentive. Two stars because Beer selection is alright (at best) and because their outdoor seating is nice.
Food is ok; not much for vegetarians. Service is slow at best and bordering on absurdly neglectful at worst. It's in my neighborhood, and I'd eat there regularly, but there's no guarantee we won't get the one server who seems incredibly apathetic about doing her job.
A a neighborhood restaurant goes, this place is on point. Plenty of fun beers to chose from, friendly staff, a menu with specials that change frequently, and outdoor seating in a charming area. 

I've lived in the neighborhood for about 2 years now and have probably been to this place 100 times. Sometimes you get a dish that isn't anything to write home about but MOST of the time, their food is just delicious. 

Recommendations:
*They serve $5 bloody Mary's during brunch hours... AND you get to pick your type of vodka (old bay or cucumber). 

*If they ever have ANY kind of gnocchi plate on their specials list - GET IT... I've had about 3 different kind of gnocchi plates from them and I've honestly gone back the next day to get the same thing. Truly amazing. 

*Sit inside next to the fireplace during winter and in the outdoor courtyard or out front during spring/summer for good times. 


:) Overall, freaking love this place.
I stopped in here with Dining Partner and a friend on a Wednesday night after leaving a beer garden in search of food and refuge from a fastly approaching thunderstorm. It was probably around 8:30 and we were seated immediately. I ordered the BBQ Roaster wings, while Dining Partner had the shrimp tacos and our friend ordered the filet mignon sliders. My wings were spicier than I would have hoped, but I was starving and ate all of them. Dining partner and friend were both satisfied with their food selections. I wish they had more summer beers, I was in the mood for a Leinenkugel or Corona Light, but when they said they were out I settled on a Stella. Our waitress was nice and attentive. This is one of the better establishments I've been to in Fairmount.
St. Stephen's Green is a regular spot for work lunches since it's in walking distance of the office.  It's good for groups because they take reservations and will rearrange tables to make room.  The service is quick and courteous.

The downside is there aren't many meatless options.  I know it's an Irish bar.  But they really could step up and give just a few solid vegetarian options.  The Isabella's Salad is good.  But I shouldn't have to order it every time.

I really wish I could combine the service and seating of St. Stephen's Green with the food of Sabrina's Cafe.  That would be the perfect lunch spot!
I usually love this place but last night it was terrible. They forgot to bring out our soups and we waited for about a half hour. Their mussels were absolutely disgusting...they were slimy and really fishy. I had to spit one out. My dad's burger was ordered medium and he said it was like leather. My mom's veggie wrap was gross. We won't be going back here for food, only maybe for the bar.
I had been here a few times before and wasn't overly impressed, but the last time I tried this place will stay the last time. The server was nice, but not very knowledgeable. We ended up ordering hummus as an appetizer, which had an odd taste to it. I got the burger which was awful - bun soaked with grease and it had a burnt taste, like the grill hadn't been cleaned. My friend ordered the calamari and it was awful - she didn't touch it. 

When we asked to have items removed from the bill, the server acted annoyed and gave us a hard time. She admitted no manager was working, so she was dealing with the check herself but only discounted us for one of the meals and half of another. We still ended up paying a $60 tab which was not worth it. I left hungry.


I would recommend this place for a night out - they had a great draught list. I would not recommend eating here, though.
Good place to park yourself waiting for a biz lunch and to host your meeting.  Food is definitely not bar food and gets an A for presentation as well as quality.  The Isabella Salad is a meal in itself and I highly recommend it with grilled chicken as a lunch plater.
It is bright and airy for lunch and you can find a quite place for conversation.
I found street parking every time that I went and the 2 hour limit gives you plenty of time without having to pay as much as the meal in parking!
Neighborhood is gentrified and very clean and a nice stroll after your biz meeting lends itself for nicely rounding it out.
Great happy hour! it's always a mission Casual corner bar. Perfect for first dates as I've gone on two there.  It's also a great time to go solo as the bartenders are friendly and the vibe is quite chill. The burger is juicy, and they catered to my gluten free needs at the time. Great beer selection and extremely close by. I would return... tomorrow?
My latest experience at St. Stephen's Green was completely underwhelming. My friend and I stopped by for lunch and were immediately turned off by the poor service. Our waitress took way too long to even bring us menus and she appeared to have no knowledge of the menu. The food was flavorless and also did not taste fresh... I ended up sending my food back because it just was not good at all (I got the filet mignon sliders, my friend got lamb tacos). This was a very disappointing experience, especially because I've been here a few times over the past few years and the food was really good. Who knows.. maybe they're under new management now.
My rating says it all. "Meh." Definitely was not impressed. The beer was good and cold (but then again it's pretty hard to f*ck up beer!) but the food--not so much. We had the calamari which was chewy, rubbery, and soggy. Then I had the fish and chips, which I assumed would be good since this is an Irish place and all, but uhhh....nope. Gross. The fish was super greasy and the batter was just literally sliding right off of the fish into one big greasy, soggy, sloppy mess. Yuck. 

I may come back here sometime for a beer or two, but that's about it.
This is my favorite neighborhood bar. We are locals and sometimes get some local benefits :). The Guinness here is one of the best (Tir-an-nog and Fado are part of that click) and their lamb tacos are to die for. I am also in love with the Sliders and Trout BLT. Their menu changes with the season and is always relevant. My only complaint stems from inconsistency with the nachos and the noise level at times. Overall, I love this place!
Great neighborhood pub food. Always good specials and the assorted tacos are a good go to.
Don't go here.  Bartender screamed at me because I questioned him about the happy hour special -- special advertises "house wine" for $5, and he charged me $8 for house pinot noir.  He screamed at me, asserting that only "house merlot" was on special.  Later, I approached him and stated I did not appreciate the way he talked to me and would be writing a review on here, and he began to curse me out.  All types of expletives that I cannot write on here.  He has buzzed, brown hair, and is mid to late 30s.  Will never go here again.  This guy has no class.
If I could give this place zero stars, I would. Some of the rudest, most inconsiderate, negligent wait and bar staff I've ever seen. Not entirely sure why they don't think customer service (or even just service) is a part of their job, but it is evident by their lack of human decency, face-to-face insults to customers, and inattentiveness to even basic table needs (refills, the correct order, stopping by, providing the bill, etc) that they do not care at all. I have given this place multiple opportunities as it is right next to where I live, I understand people have bad days, and I've been in the service industry for 13 years so I'm very forgiving, but after tonight's experience, never again. Save yourself the trouble and do not go.
Came here for a girls night out before the holiday's. We wanted a cozy, Christmassy place and St. Stephen's didn't disappoint! 

They had a good selection of festive beers, both on tap and in bottles. I had the chicken taco's: divine. My friends had the hummus (she's a vegan, so her options were way limited), the burger (delicious, she said), an the pulled pork sammy (lick your fingers good). 

Our waitress had terrible B.O., but hey, maybe it was a long day? Other than that, can't wait to go back!
I was a bit apprehensive at first but a look at the beer menu took that away. We sat outside where there are tables with umbrellas set up. The beer menu wasn't large by any means but it definitely had quality beer. Duvel Green, Hennepin, La Fin Du Monde, some local draft, decent bottle selection too with some Chimay and others (I think Oberon was a selection as well).

The food menu looked really pricey so we stayed away from it.

The server was decently attentive and brought us glasses with the bottle (which I approved of, unless I know the server I'd rather pour it myself).

After a while we moved inside, where there is a bar section with some tables and another seating section on the other side. I estimate about 30-40 seats plus 20 at the bar. There were about 7 or 8 draft beers, including one for Guinness, Racer 5, some sort of ESB (which was very good), and others but at that point I wasn't paying much attention to the draft selection.

My only complaint is that one of the glasses of beer I got showed absolutely no head whatsoever and my friend's beer had a nice 1" head with the same beer. I attribute that to lack of rinsing the soap from the glass.

A good place to chill with a couple of beers before heading home. This review is for 3.25 stars. How can it be bumped up? More cool beers, less costly food.
Context: Drinks After Kickball
Time of Visit: Thursday, 10:00PM

St. Stephen's Green works out best for our post-game drinking, due to proximity and specials.  The establishment is split into a bar area, and more of a restaurant area.

Whether at the bar or a table, the staff is usually attentive and can bring drinks pretty quick.  While they might only have a few beers on special, their full list is pretty diverse.  They also have $.50 wings, which is a pretty good deal.

They also have a small patio out back, which can hold a relatively large group, if you are looking to eat/drink outside.  They also have a couple of big TV's, if you are looking for a place to catch the game.

I will have to have more food and stop by on a non-kickball night, but St. Stephen's Green is a good place to check out if you are in Fairmount.
Great neighborhood spot! I love their cheese steaks and the outdoor seating is nice too. Also a good place for watching a game with friends at the bar.
Get the pork nachos. Amazing.

That is all.
Their brunch is excellent. I went twice and both times i got the Irish Breakfast, which is essentially just a plate of breakfast meats. However, food is good in many places, and alcohol is what it is. This bar isn't going to blow you away with its cocktail making, but what it does well is their service.
My first trip there we had a waiter who was training, and whomever was teaching him, taught him very well, because the whole meal he seemed like an experienced waiter, who was available when needed, without being annoyingly around. He was knowledgeable with the menu and their drinks, and he was spot on with his recommendations.
Lastly, the room is very well lit and makes for a lovely brunch experience. I have been back since my first trip, and will continue to go again and again
Food was good for the price, but nothing to get excited about. I would go back, but mostly for the beer.
I've always loved St. Steve's for their friendly neighborhood atmosphere and delicious bar food, however my most recent visit was pretty disappointing. I'm assuming they're under new ownership - completely different menu and new staff. I miss the bar food menu (pierogis, mac n cheese, etc). Please bring the food back and their former bartenders! So friendly and wonderful!
St Stephens Green has a good, mellow vibe and a decent tap list but just okay food. 

The food is serious business--don't expect anything light. I got am omelet that definitely had more cheese in it than eggs.  I felt a little queasy after getting wings there once.
What a cool little neighborhood pub. The chick pea stew is pretty good, as are the sliders. But get the Isabella salad, trust me.

Not good enough? Well it has toasted hazel nuts warmed with goat cheese, grilled portobellos and roasted red peppers, all drizzled in a balsamic dressing. In other words, it's fucking brilliant. Happy? Now see someone about those trust issues.
I'm so disappointed- have been there so many times over the years and expected a better than decent meal, not even close. It was not busy, we did not order anything tricky, it was not a new menu (still), not even new staff - just bad all the way around. Calamari or lack there of came with no flavor and on a pile of onion and pepper rings, I ring of calamari for every 8 veggie rings. Hummus, grainy, dry, not enough pita and lite on flavor. Caesar salad, drenched with what looked like bottled ranch dressing! Steak frites, some mystery over cooked, leftover medallions of who knows what. Service was busy talking to friends and messed up the check. Won't be going back.
