I finally made it over to Stargazy today! My husband and I ordered a medley of items to-go, since we were bringing lunch to his parents' house. We ordered a beef and onion pie, the special pie of the week by Chris Kearse from Will, a cheese/caramelized onion/potato pasty, two sausage rolls, mashed potatoes with parsley liquor and a banoffee tart. This was just the right amount of food to try everything without totally over-stuffing ourselves.

Everything was absolutely delicious, as I knew it would be. I'm quite familiar with Chef Sam's cooking as I worked as a server at Sycamore back in the day. His banoffee was great then but it's even better now, served in a petite pie crust with the most perfect whipped cream ever. I still can't say the word "banoffee" correctly but at least I can say "Tottenham". 

I think one of the things I have always liked about Sam's food is that it is hearty, stick-to-your-ribs fare that reminds me of the kind of stuff my Grandmom would (and still does!) make. Sam knows when to keep things simple (the mashed potatoes, for example) and also how to elevate with a little something extra (parsley liquor - genius!). 

Stargazy is comfort food at its finest and I can't think of a better fit for the upcoming winter months.
Two days in a row, I have had the pleasure of sinking my teeth into what could be the very best duck entree in Philadelphia. British food has had a bad rap over the years and now Stargazy gives a legitimate reason to shelve those notions. Get the pie and mash special. The parsley "liquor" gravy is out of this world. There is a cauliflower pie as well for the vegetarians. It's also great. I also like the selection of unusual sodas and the cranberry dessert pie is delicious.
Smells divine in here. The food doesn't look like a lot, but it's extremely filling. 

The pies are good, simple fare reminiscent of what I ate in London. Mashed is straight forward buttery whipped potatoes, coated in a simple parsley chicken stock gravy, again with a lot of butter. If you're looking for butter in bread form, the pies themselves are wonderful. Delicious, dangerous, and decadent. 

Last time we made the mistake of ordering the vegetarian pies, which were extra-butter mashed, butter-fried onions, cheese, and a flaky butter pastry that tasted like butter. We both got indigestion afterwards, with the side of mashed it was just a bit too much to digest, probably over a stick of butter per person downed in less than 15 minutes. 

Was it worth eating? Absolutely. Come here for the best savory crusts that you've ever had in the States.
When it comes to comfort food, Stargazy is where it's at. The traditional pie and mash just can't be beat for when you want something home cooked and soul satisfying. 

When my husband decided to treat me to the Friday fish and chips last week, I knew it would be great and I wasn't wrong. When he got home from the pick-up, we unpacked massive pieces of freshly fried cod, and plenty of thick cut fries. The mushy peas were perfect. Normally, I'm not a big tartare sauce girl, but Sam's version could make me a believer. 

Sam threw in some sticky toffee pudding, which was delicious. The chocolate sea salt bars we ordered were also fantastic. Five stars forever!
Pies so nice that I had to have them thrice in a two day period.

The basics - This is a British pie and mash shop owned by one of Philadelphia's most innovative culinary minds. It's inexpensive, filling, and delicious. Get the oxtail pie because it's perfect and if you don't like it then you are a dumb piece of garbage.

The parsley liquor is the big surprise showstopper here. It's a light sauce that acts as a bridge between your mouth and nirvana.

The mash is very good. It's a little bit lumpy but I think they are supposed to make it that way.

The strange imported sodas are good. The mandarin orange one was surprising, as it's less carbonated than other similarly marketed beverages (think better orangina).

The fig tart is really unique. It's not too sweet and has just a hint of salt. You'll love it.

Protip: Stargazy is small and this jawn sells out FAST! Don't mess around because the line tends to stretch out the door. Be like me and skip breakfast so you can devour this shit at the comfortable hour of 11AM.
The hours make it hard to swing by for breakfast during the week but it is the perfect place to grab a savory brunch on the weekends. 

Meat pies are amazing here. The puff pastries are nice and fluffy and buttery. The meat filling is generous and flavorfully spiced. My favorite is the beef and onion pie with mash (mashed potatoes) but hold the liquor. I am more of a traditional American gravy with mash guy, but unfortunately that is not an option here. 

The sausage rolls are also very good but I feel guilty eating these because it is literally just meat and pie. No veggies. 

I love the clangers, it is a sweet pie on one side and a savory pie on the other. I always start at the savory end and finish up with the sweet fruit pie end. A great start and finish to any meal. 

They have a fun assortment of British candy and soda. They are all worth a try. I am a huge fan of Tizzer soda and the dandelion soda. They pair perfectly with a salty and savory meat pie!
Yelp we seem to have an issue with rating an establishment like Stargazy. I don't why, but I can't rate Stargazy higher than a 5? 

Sam my friend you have got something simply UHH-MAZE-ING going on over here. I still remember when you brought your idea up 2 years ago. What I also remember, and I'm sure Jim H., Mike F. , and Brad P. can back me up is we were just destroying wings in the basement of the Jug Handle when you informed us of your idea.  My fellow Yelpers we went from caveman mode in annihilating wings from a bowl , to forget about the wings, just tell us more about these pies. 

Sam you had me going all biblical with that perfect flaky gourmet pie and that parsley liquor you make.  Every bite it was like I was conducting a sermon with "oh dear god" or "heavenly flaky stuffed goodness" . I had a Jim Gaffigan  moment where instead of his "Hot Pocket" quip I straight up did a StaarrGazzzy as I enjoyed every bite! Mind you this is a million times better than a hot pocket. 

Stargazy's has unbelievable pies ,with one of them being their Traditional made with beef and onions which is down right fantastic. Add some of his homemade parsley liquor along with his homemade mashed potatoes to your order. This is what we call winning all day folks. I also had the pleasure of trying his clotted cream he makes over a peach and mixed berries pie that simply had me doing a light moan of pure enjoyment.  Perfection!

It really doesn't matter what you order at Stargazy, you'll find your ways of expressing pure happiness a fork at a time. Stargazy has done nothing but hit homeruns with every dish they serve , even down to the beverage. 

Check out their bathroom too, I know who mentions bathrooms in a review. Well I just did. Newspaper clipping line the walls , with comical stories along with ads that will have you laughing. 

Review over, go in and enjoy a pie or 2.
Everyone says how great this place is, and how wonderful the owner is. We had to stop by after our meal from another location. 

Took a look at the menu, and figured we'd go with the Traditional. Can't go wrong with a "Traditional". But honestly, I don't know what's the hype. It's a pie.. ground beef with mash potato. I wasn't wow'd.

Now here's what almost made me walk out the door. The guy behind the counter (don't know if he's Sam that everyone says is so nice) was chit chatting away with the lady in front of me which already placed her order. Ok fine. 

She asked him if he wanted to help us first (other than just talking to her), he smiled and shook his head no., and continued to chat with her. Rude much?
I cannot wait to be in this area again to get another helping of Stargazy food! There is no reason to not try this place. I was lucky enough to have my buddy with me so we shared and got to try a little bit of everything. Everything we ate was fantastic: pie with lamb shank, pie with paneer, sausage roll, and apple pie. All were awesome and taste was on point. The crust was buttery but not too heavy, the mash potatoes were an excellent consistency, and the gravy was thinner but very tasty! They also sell interesting international products of candies, drinks, and snacks, and the hot tea is free. Not much seating room so you can't stay with a big group but they do have to go containers. Fun neighborhood to walk around after to stretch a little bit afterwards.
A persons first time can be a wonderful, well planned and sensual thing. A first time can also be a fumbling, unplanned and clumsy experience. I wish I was talking about sex here. Either would be fine with me because Sex.

I'm actually talking about the first time trying a really anticipated new restaurant. When Sam Jacobson told me he planned on opening a British pie shop in Philly, I pretty much didn't hear a word he said after pie, but I got the impression that it would be something I'd really like. 

After being teased about it on Facebook and Instagram for months, Stargazy finally opened this week. With my busy schedule I didn't know just when I could go, but discussions with friends were in the works to make the trip. Waiting is really hard though.

I had made a plan to meet a friend for a late lunch today in a completely different part of the Delaware Valley. I received a call as I left work that the friend was having trouble, so I instead met him in the city where we had a good south philly sandwich. Since we both knew Sam, the subject of Stargazy came up and before we knew it, we were standing in his perfect little shop. 

Ideally, the way it was supposed to go was that I would come to the shop early, eat breakfast lunch and dinner there and pretty much become the guest that wouldn't leave.
Instead, I was there after just eating and not a bit peckish.

That however,  didn't stop me once I laid my eyes on some of his wares. Most notably my eyes were drawn to the banana tart in the cooler. My buddy and I decided to share it, which was a terrible idea. Not the tart, but the sharing thing. It was exquisite. If it was the only thing Sam sold I would still recommend it highly. I also brought one home for the kids to try (their response still pending).

I was also lucky enough to be there as some meat pies were coming out of the oven, and while I wasn't ready to eat, I had to have one to go. I planned on having it for lunch the next day but had to smell it in the car on the way home and ended up devouring it within a few minutes of being home.

Again, it was a masterpiece. Just as you are marveling at how good the crust is, the filling smacks you in the face and says, "I will not be ignored!". It's that good.

So do yourself a favor and get yourself to Passyunk and try anything that Sam has to offer. You won't regret it. But there may be a walk of shame afterwards from eating too much ...because Pie.
From sharing epic food discussions, to savoring his culinary delights at Sycamore and many Food Hooch events, I've had my fair share of experiencing the masterful cuisine that Sam Jacobson has prepared. But when I listened to his plans for Stargazy and followed the gratuitous pie baking and food porn that he posted on Instagram, I realized that there was something more to Stargazy than what I've seen him do before. Because Stargazy is a shop that stays true to a lot of the foods and recipes that inspired him from across the pond, while adding his own creative spin to a lot of traditional dishes. And the results are so amazing, that its no wonder why he sells out of pies and pastries so often!

When I first previewed Stargazy before they officially opened during the Passyunk Classic Car Show, I sampled what I instantly considered to be the best food that I've ever eaten in South Philly. And I say this as someone who's lived in East Passyunk and the Italian Market! The first pie was Sam's take of a South Philly classic sausage & peppers inside a pie with just the right amount of spices and sauce. It was so good that I had to devour a second pie which featured a medley of mushrooms amidst melted gruyere cheese. It was enough to have me craving more, which would have happened so much sooner if I hadn't of caught them on the other end of so many deserved sell outs!

Finally I arrived and got a full view of the interior without staring from outside in sold out defeat. Despite it being super small its filled with an endless amount of character that's complete with mosaics laid out by Isaiah Zagar of Magic Gardens, messages and quotes etched into the reclaimed wood tabletops, and the tea station where you can always pick up a cup on the house and leave a donation to a featured charity.

For my first official visit I grabbed a phenomenal pie that was filled with lamb shank, burgundy, and eggplant that came straight out of the oven. I also had to grab the mashed potatoes with an addicting parsley liquor. For the road I grabbed a banoffee tart which was essentially a mini bananas foster pie with whipped cream on top, and perfectly flaky and savory sausage roll which made for the perfect hangover breakfast the next day. With all of he above being so amazing, its pretty hard not to crave more. Especially when you can watch a Football game in the process!
Stargazy has ruined hot pockets for me.

I know what you're thinking: Who is this suave Cambodian asshole comparing savory, hand crafted meat pies to the microwavable, mouth burning, cheese and "sausage" (if sausage could have a hangover) diarrhea torpedos from hell?

A lifelong gamer and junk food enthusiast, that's who. If I can't pop it into a microwave for three minutes and a night of regret and greasy stool, I ain't eatin' it, cuz.

Anyway, looking back, I've had a long and storied love of meat and flake pastry. It starts with Cambodian weddings, where someone always shows up at 7 in the morning with pate chaud (think flake pastries with minced, spiced pork) for everyone to eat. Delicious.

Fast forward to high school where, on international day, some Dominican friends brought in empanadas, while some Haitians brought in Caribbean style beef patties. Instead of having a massive brawl over whose patsies were better, we just shared them and had an even keeled day of sobriety and comraderie. Lame. 

At least we had flake pastries.

Fast forward to last weekend. A friend was in town and organized a trip to Stargazy, which I'd heard about a few times and thought "weird name." Whatever. Looked the place up. Meat pies, mash, and funky imported sodas. I can dig it.

We get to the place, and I order the Noah's Ark. That's a serving for two. My girlfriend eats about half as much as a normal person, so that meant extra for me. Clearly, I did this on purpose. And boy, did it pay off in spades.

The beef and onion pies, which I believe are the gold standard of British pies, are bomb. Get two. Or three, screw it. How often are you on East Passyunk? All the time? Get three anyway. 

They're seasoned perfectly. They hold up well without getting soggy through the entire meal, even with the parsley liquor sauce poured over them. And with the included mash? Declare surrender and return us to our colonial roots. They can keep the tea, we will keep the pie.

Also had a cute banana tart here. Homemade whipped cream took it over the top. Get one of those, too.

Confession - I'll still eat the hell out of a hot pocket, but Stargazy will always have my heart and marginally more dollars than whoever owns the hot pockets brand.
Just stopped by last Sunday while browsing the car show nearby. This time, I got 2 unbaked pies to go. Service was meh (felt like I had to pull teeth to find out how long they recommend baking the pies, whereas the lady in front of me got friendly/enthusiastic/detailed instructions), but I only had to wait in line for about 5 minutes, which was a significantly shorter wait than my previous visit!

I ended up baking the pies at 425F for about 20 mins, flipping them once, and they turned out nicely golden/crispy on both sides. The filing was as good as I remembered, and the pie was overall tasty. I love that they use real butter, giving the pie a nicely layered, delicious crust. 

They've also added more tables in the dining area since my last visit! I would be willing to try to dine in here again (but I'd still call ahead to check for wait times beforehand).
I don't get why everyone is obsessed with this place. Everyone knows that British food isn't actually food, but the leftover rummages from garbage bins late at night on Essex street. Stargay is a particular brand of frightening. And who watches Farttenham? What on Earth would make anyone think it's acceptable to bake an entire sardine with a head sticking out and a tongue flopping around? My fish had poo in its intestines. YUCK. 

And like what kind of psycho bakes a pie using ONLY butter? Where's the margarine? Isn't the whole point of life to hasten death?
Amazing British pastry/pie shop! My sister told me about this place and said it's the best savory pie she's had - and she's not wrong!

We got the beef pie with mash and Bedfordshire clanger. Pie crust is so crispy - I would say it's baked to perfection. I wasn't a big fan of the sauce they used for the mash. I was hoping it would be creamy garlic herb or something but it was more of a light lemon/pickle vinaigrette taste. The clanger is so interesting - it's savory in the front (strawberry boar meat) and transitions to sweet at the other end (berry jam). I've never had it before and didn't know what to expect but I was especially happy about the strawberry boar sausage! It has such a unique taste - the tartness of the strawberry really brings out the taste of the sausage.

The pies are kept warm in the oven so you usually don't have to wait long to get your order. They have a small indoor dining area but the food is packed nicely in a container that you can easily take your food to go! 

They don't have a restroom available for customers but they do have a random sink you can use to wash your hands.
If you're into Sam, you'll be into Stargazy. 

British fare usually gets a bad rep. Chef/owner Sam's goes beyond that. His expertise in the kitchen also reflects his passion for the craft.

In the mood for a meat pie? Their beef and onion is a moist and flavorful treat[1]. On other menu offerings, I've had the oxtail, which I found hearty, but the beef and onion is where my heart is. Into eel? It's fishy but fresh. Add Sam's homemade chili vinegar for best results!

From the table etchings to the tea station (tea is free; donations encouraged), Stargazy exudes character. Bring a date, or friends.

Be sure to drop in early, as everything's made in limited quantities. Expect a small wait during key meal times.

[1] My only regret: not ordering two!
Sam Jacobson, a dual UK/US citizen, decided to bring a little taste of home to 1838 E. Passyunk Ave. this summer. Stargazy is now THE place for pies and mash in Philly. Admittedly, it may also be the only place for pie and mash in the city, but don't let that hoodwink you into thinking it's anything less than dreamy.

The offerings change daily, but the charm, that's always available. Despite opening in the summer, Stargazy still manages to rock that "New Resto Smell" and the lines haven't stopped for these flaky, piping hot meat pies. My buddy and I picked a (slightly) chilly December day to stroll down south and see what the hype was about.

We were the first ones in the door, and the pies weren't quite ready, so we loitered outside, reviewing the day's menu on my phone, licking our lips and clutching our empty bellies. Oh, and sipping some (free!) tea.

Our patience was soon rewarded. Pie, mash, and parsley liquor (spoiler alert: no actual liquor in there, you'll have to hit the pub afterwards). So simple. So very, very satisfying. BONUS: If you spot a star on the bottom of your pie, they reward you with... ANOTHER PIE! That said, the prices aren't steep and you're definitely getting a filling meal for your bucks.

In the cases at the storefront, Jacobson also offers an assortment of British treats straight from the source. I haven't dabbled (yet), but I had my eyes on the prize. Or, should I say, I had my eyes on the pies?

Hot sausage, broccoli rabe, and mozzarella. I went "off-tradition" away from the regular offerings of beef and onion pies because I spent most of my life trying to find new ways to enjoy spicy sausage ( #notaeuphemism).

It was absolutely to die for. The crust was perfect. The fillings were steaming and rich in flavor. The parsley liquor made me consider a life of sobriety if I could, instead, just have a steady stream of that to pour over any and all savory treats.

Sure, I didn't have the stomach capacity at the time for a sausage roll or one of their legendary bananoffee tarts. But that's the point, right? Much like with the velvety voice of Benedict Cumberbatch, all it took was one taste for me to begin jonesing for more. Stargazy, I'll see you soon. Keep the kettle boiling, and I'll be looking for stars.
Definitely much more than your average meat/veggie pie.

All the pies are freshly made here.  At first glance, the diminutive stature is deceiving.  It may not look satisfying but, oh it will be.  Your first bite will include a fantastic crispy crust.  There isn't much layering underneath, once you crack that crust, it will be all filling and gravy inside.  All the fillings are on point.  The mainstay Beef and Onion is delicious with an awesome gravy.  If you are there on the day there is a special like the Chicken Tikka Marsala don't hesitate to grab it.  Great chunks of tender spiced chicken, perfectly spiced.  Don't forget to ask what's not listed, there may be venison or rabbit behind the curtain.  Once you are done with these main entrees, if by chance there is a fresh fig dessert, you've got to say yes.  I'm waiting anxiously for this to make a comeback.

Now I've got to say, If I wrote this review a year ago, I'd say this would have been 1 star based on the numerous times I've made the trek only to find Stargazy closed before the listed closing time.  This occurred on more than one occasion.  There were a few other times when I've tried calling the number listed and the line was busy or off the hook.  But given all these frustrating challenges (not even going to mention getting here later in the day and all the favorites gone), it seems like there is a renewed effort to keep the shop open at the listed business hours.  The many options here are truly fantastic and worth the effort to give it a try.
On a Sunday morning, during a Manchester United game, I made my first trip to Stargazy.  When I arrived I spotted the four small dine in tables, the hot case of traditional pies and sausage rolls on the counter and an affable, smiling chef named Sam Jacobson at the helm.  The smell alone let me know this was going to be a very good meal.

I settled on the traditional pie with parsley liquor and mashed potatoes.  Each element of the dish was perfectly executed and together they were a lovely symphony of flavor.  I happen to adore British food and this took me back to my vacation in London a few years ago.  The pie crust was flaky and light and acted as a perfect shell for the gravy laden, delicious meat and vegetable filling.  The parsley liquor was drizzled over the pie and ultra creamy mash.  This last touch added a herbal element which brought all the delicious components together.

Having a savory tooth, I can see myself stopping in here quite frequently.  At the time of writing, I think it's best to arrive early as I'm sure he will sell out quickly.  Grabbing a pie or two here and heading to the bottle shop for a pint is a rotation that I can get on board with.
Me and meat pies go way back. French Canadians eat meatpie for Christmas, so the concept is not weird to me. We had a brief falling out after I saw Sweeney Todd, but we're back on good terms now that Sam Jacobson, meatpie whisperer extraordinaire, has redeemed them for me, and put them back in their rightful place, a place of adoration.

Stargazy is exactly what the neighborhood needed, a solid place to get a delicious meal or snack for a reasonable price. I've now tried the following,  and I won't rest until I try everything on the menu (the menu changes daily so I'm in it for the long haul).

Traditional beef and onion: flavorful, yet simple, hearty and perfect for cold weather. 

Lamb curry: got this to go and it was still heavenly even reheated. Hefty portion of meat and great flavor.
 
Pumpkin habanero chevre: not your ordinary pumpkin pie. Savory and not too spicy. 

Mash and parsley liquor: parsley liquor sounds weird but you will find yourself wanting to lick the plate to get the last remnants. Pro tip: save some pie crust and use it to sop up the last remnants. Mash is delicious and the perfect comfort food. 

Banoffee tart: tart, toffee, bananas, and whipped cream.  A wise Gwen Stefani once said: This shit is bananas, BANANAS. There's a good chance she was referring to this tart.

Sticky toffee pudding: warmed up and served with a hefty dose of heavy cream. Like a gingerbread cookie on crack. Best choice we made of the day. 

Apple and Apricot tart: like Apple pie but better, also had heavy cream poured into a little crevice. 

Free tea: donations accepted for local charities. 

Fancy crisps: crisps are what Brits call chips, and Stargazy has an assortment of exotic crisps for sale! Tried Prawn Cocktail which was good. There are also various other British snacks for sale. 

Seating can be a challenge but there's a little park across the street that would be the perfect spot if you don't snag one of the few (pie pun engraved) tables. If you do grab a table,  don't linger too long,  people are waiting. This place is as hot as its pies right now,  if you come anytime after opening,  expect a line, a wait for fresh pies, and several items to be out. Look out for a star on the bottom of your pie- it means you won a free pie! Check their instagram for daily menu and to make sure they're not sold out. Sam has also used the instagram as a lost and found, which is adorable.  There's no point calling because they don't have a phone (who would answer it,  they're to busy slinging pies). Come stuff your piehole!
The sausage rolls are gorgeous.  

Cash only right now, but they're sorting out their credit card systems.  Go early and often.
Understandably why this is given 5 stars from everyone.
We walk in and are greeted with a smile by the Chef/Owner, Sam. As Same attends double duty, cooking and serving, there's another chef in the back baking away keeping up with the pies in preparation for the next day.

I couldn't grasp the menu at first, it's small and bunched together. I had Sam explain to me how it "works". He explained and then explained again to my own retention that wasn't on point that night and he did so with no attitude but a smile.

We ordered our food and since it was for "here", Sam asked if we would like a beverage and also said or you can have tea, it's free. Help yourself to a selection of mugs, grab a tea bag, here's the cream and hot water.  How awesome, It was very nice that Sam didn't wait for us to make a choice to buying a drink first before telling us about the free tea. It's the small tings like that what makes an honest business man.

I tried the Chicken/Bacon pie with mash and my Fiancee got the beef/onion pie with mash. At $9 a full dinner that will fill you up and leave you wanting for more. The pies had great flavor and the mash was smooth with just the right touch of pepper. We order the Sticky toffee desert. My fiance uttered the words " I'm in heaven", I've never heard her say that before except..for..ah-hem..well...ok but enough of that, it just meant this desert is lucky to be on my level ;-)  

As we were eating, 2 guys walked in and we over heard the one saying "man, these are so good but bad for you and having 6 in one day doesn't help"  lol, really, I had to say something, the guy really did and seriously they are that good.  You can either sit-in or take-out. It's a cozy quaint place and very comforting. there are also a selection of small treats and condiments for sale from England.

Be sure to stop in and say hi to Sam and grab some authentic British food, you'll leave satisfied and full.
For a place that is highly rated, perhaps my experience was an anomaly or the food doesn't quite fit my palette. My roommate recommended grabbing some pies here so I decided to check it out this afternoon.

Came in around 3ish and there wasn't much of a selection so we order the traditional beef and onion pie with mash to share between two. It was a good thing I wasn't too hungry. At the high price point for the 1 serving, it did not deliver on taste. While I would certainly give plus points to the flaky, moist, and crispy pie crust, everything else left much to be desired. The mash and beef were under-seasoned. After a few bites, I was happy to pass it off to my friend to finish it. 

Interior was cozy with cute embellishments to the tables and walls. Free hot tea on a cold day was a nice touch. Definitely need major convincing to give this place another shot.
Five stars!! Sam is the best! Always personable and friendly! I knew him before he opened Stargazy and knew he'd be successful! When I went in I wasn't surprised to see he already has regulars.
These are pies that fill you up and leave you wishing you could eat more. They are the Amish apple pies southeast Pennsylvania is used to. The pies are flaky pastry with a hearty meat or vegetarian filling. 

Here's how things work when you get to Stargazy:
Pick a pie, there's usually two or three options (one pie choice being a vegetarian option)
Then choose with delicious mashed potatoes or no.
Free tea behind you or interesting speciality drinks in the cases

Follow @stargazy on Instagram for updates throughout the day. He usually posts a photo of the menu so you can salivate over today's pie choices. Sometimes they run out of pies in the afternoon, so get there before 4pm-ish. 

Cash or credit, cafe type tables to eat in, soccer matches on the tv, street parking is free on Sunday, no alcohol served (byob)
The food here was tasty, but nothing really mind-blowing. With respect to the pies, the crust has the right amount of crisp and flakiness, without being too thick, and the filling is flavorful, but that is how average pies should be made. The fact that this is exceptional in Philly speaks more to the fact that other places that offer pies (savory or sweet) don't make them right and sell sub-par pies to the public, rather than this place being excellent. You would find this level of quality or better on every street corner in Europe. However, as things stand, this is probably one of the best places for savory pies in Philly for the price - which, while not cheap, is probably the best value you'll find in this area. 

Everyone seems to rave about the traditional beef and onion pie's filling. It is indeed tasty, but again, nothing mind-blowing because it is pretty much ground beef with sauteed onions, seasoned with salt, pepper, and probably a bit of garlic powder - a simple combo I often use in my home cooking anyway. I could also quickly figure out how they made the other items I tried - the sausage roll, cornish pasty, and banoffee tart. For me, for something to be 5-star quality, it should take me a lot longer to figure out how they made it. However, I do like the simplicity of some menu items, like how the mashed potatoes taste fresh (made from good potatoes) and do not taste like too much (if any) butter or cream or seasoning was added, which allows the natural flavor of the potato to dominate. 

I would definitely recommend ordering take-out rather than sitting in, since there are only 4 tables of 2 available. If there's a soccer game going on, some people will sit there for hours. Even people not watching the game sit at the tables for hours without ordering anything. This makes it hard for people who commute a long way to get here to enjoy a fresh plate of pie, mash, and parsley liquor, unless they are lucky. (It took me 45-minutes to get here, and I awkwardly waited over an hour for a table - completely not worth it.) The line often goes out the door. They also run out of tea mugs quickly, and do not seems to be staffed enough to replace the mugs when they run out (so maybe bring your own mug?). There are definitely a lot of kinks in this business, but the best way to avoid them is probably to order a bunch of pies to-go, keep them in your fridge, then eat them gradually throughout the week.
Whoops, this review got stuck in my drafts folder. 

Stargazy, an amazing place to get comfy and have a delicious meal. I miss this place a bunch; and Sam does a fantastic job putting TLC in all the pies. I'm in love with that flaky crust and texture that you get in your meals here.

If you're up for it; have the toffee bread pudding. it's fantastic and one of my favorite things to eat after a savory meal.
I found out about Stargazy through Instagram. And ironically enough, I ended up on their Instagram page (THANKS LUCKY STAR!!!). Having lived in South Philly for a few years, I'm always excited to see what new shops/restaurants are opening in that neighborhood.

But the truth is... I like meat and I like pie; put them together and you better believe I'll show up!! And I did. Twice in one day. Once in the morning, for the breakfast pie, and once for lunch time. I don't visit Philly as often as I used to, so every time I'm in the city I want to try as many new places as possible. But this had to be done!

In one day I tried four different pies, and I should have got even more. I've been craving them ever since. I love the fact that their menu changes on a daily basis. And while the dish itself may look simple, the complexity of it comes out from the layer of flavors. I mean, Oxtail Cheesesteak? Jerk Braised Goat? Those pies were MONEY!!! I wish I got to try a duck pie, but I guess I'll just have to come back!

I knew I was in for a treat. I had been talking about it with my friends the night before. I planned out to go to Stargazy. So my expectations were already high. But after devouring all those pies I really fell in love with this place. And not just for the pies (which, again, are fantastic; for breakfast, lunch, brunch, second lunch, pre-dinner, dinner, snack, Netflix and chill, etc.. honestly, anytime, anywhere!)

The authenticity is genuine at Stargazy. In addition to working hard to produce consistency, it's obvious that the people working there are highly experienced. And maybe it's because they are located in my old neighborhood. But there is a level of comfort that exists at Stargazy that's hard to put in words.

Thank you Stargazy! For making me miss living in South Philly so much. Can't wait to come back!!!
British food has a pretty bad reputation.  Of all the things the Brits do right (tea, MINI Coopers, Downton Abbey, Princess Kate), food is just not their thing.  So if you had told me I'd give a British meat pie shop 5 stars, I'd say BULLOCKS!

But alas, there is a killer British place a few blocks from my house and I'm very excited about this.  I visited to take out at lunchtime on a Saturday.  Keep in mind, this spot will close when they sell out- check their facebook for updates.  Also, the shop itself is tiny- maybe 10 chairs? So I'd plan for this to be a visit for lunch to-go.

I ordered a bacon and egg pie, a mushroom/escarole/fontina pie, and two orders of mashed potatoes and parsley oil, which came to about $17 with tax.  Before I go any further, you may ask, What is parsley oil?  I really have no clue what is in it, but it tastes like a light herb-y gravy.  And was super good.

So how was the food?  First of all, all of this was enough for both of our lunches, as well as my lunch the next day.  (FWIW, we are fairly light eaters).  The pies were delicious.  Flakey buttery crust and the fillings were amazing.  The mashed potatoes and parsley oil were super delicious as well.  Perfectly warm and filling for a fall day. 

Overall, I LOVE that there is an interesting new food option on the Avenue, that is not only incredibly delicious but also super affordable. I'm really hoping this spot takes off and is open at dinner time and has a larger seating area.  In the meantime, however, I will definitely be stopping in whenever I have a chance.
I don't normally like ground beef, but I took a chance today and ordered Stargazy's traditional beef and onion pie. I'm so glad I did, because it was fantastic. 

The pie was hot and crisp, and the pastry was perfect. The beef and onion was very flavorful and rich. What really brought everything together, though, was what they call the parsley liquor. I still don't know what that is, but it was a salty, slightly tangy parsley sauce that was a genius complement to the pie. 

I would have tried a sausage roll, too, but they were out! That's fine, though, since I'd look for any excuse to come back again.
Came here for lunch because of Instagram post on shot rib and mushroom pie.

There are probably 4 or 5 chunks of beef, but half of the chunks are mostly fat. The beef isn't hard and the crust is so crispy. I won't order this again.
Saw the rave reviews for this place from my fellow Yelpers. Kinda left me wondering why to be honest. I see it's a small place. Five small tables. Free tea, no coffee. 

You get what they have baked - cause everything is homemade including the pastry. When we showed up they had warm beef and onion pies and some sausage rolls. We went for the traditional pies and some mash. 

It came on a plate with green gravy. It was okay. I used to live in England and Scotland and I've never had a pie like this. Wasn't bad, wasn't worth writing to the Queen about either. 

I honestly don't get the chipped plates but maybe that's the vibe they are going for. Eh.  Two pies with mash n gravy along with two British canned drinks it came to $32.00. Bit cheeky considering the plates. Giving 3 stars cause the guy who cleaned up was nice, free tea and they make their own pastry.
This place is a neighborhood gem. For a small space, this place does a lot with what they have. 

The pies and mash are delicious and perfect for the cold weather and an afternoon nap. The complimentary tea is a nice touch. What surprised me was being served the best dessert I've ever had - the sticky toffee pudding with fresh cream.
The drive down to Passyunk is totally worth it for Stargazy. It's a cute quaint shop that feels tucked away, we had walked and driven past so many times without noticing it even though it's right on Passyunk Ave. 
The staff are super friendly and the interior is cozy and welcoming with British touches and paraphernalia scattered on the walls. We ordered the traditional beef and onion pie with mash (there are varying combos of pies, mash, and liquor). The first time we ordered it with liquor but it was too strong for my personal taste and I thought it overpowered the taste of the pie and mash so we nixed it the second time. It's some sort of parsley broth with vinegar. I love the sausage roll and we always finish that so quickly, I honestly could finish 2 of them in under a minute no problem. 
For dessert we've only ever had the sticky toffee pudding and it is literally divine. It will change your life. The cake is so gooey and melt in your mouth and the cream sauce blends perfectly. You can't miss it if you come to Stargazy!
Had the beef and onion pie with mashed potatoes and sticky toffee pudding for dessert on 11/1/16: Delicious all the way around! Employees were friendly, just wish for the price that a vegetable came with the platter ... It felt like that would have made it a more complete meal.
I can't believe it took me this long to get here. Missed invites from Brad P and Dave H... Weeks later I finally make it. 
I agree with all that's said. The pies are the bees knees. It's an awesome savory meal. Lovely crust yummy rich fillings. The mash is amazingly flavorful and could be a meal in itself. I wish I had those as my thanksgiving side!

But, what sets this place apart (more than everything else) is the lovely amazing service of Sam and his team. One of our party was gluten and dairy free--and Sam was able to whip up a plate that adhered to all that--at a freaking pie shop!

So luckily I live far enough away I will not be going there every day--but it'll be a happy great when I'm down on passyunk.
One word, three syllables - FAN-TAS-TIC.  This was the first time I had British pies, to be honest, I had never really heard of them before.  We tried the Braised Oxtail Cheese Steak pie and the Egg Plant and Squash pie with mash and parsley Liquor. Each pie was baked to perfection and left you wanting more.  But wait . . . this was my first time eating here so I had to pace my self to try as many items as I could.

While we were waiting for these baked pies from heaven to come out of the oven, we tried the breakfast pie with Ham and Egg. All of the pies are baked golden brown, made fresh daily with quality ingredients and ohhhhhhhhh soooooo GOOD!

We also tried the sausage roll and some of Sam's incredible sweets to finish up our meal.  We had the Banoffee Tart and the Sticky Toffee pudding. Both were delish, although my favorite is the Banoffee Tart, all I can say is this is a must try for anyone lucky enough to visit Sam Jacobson's Stargazy in south Philly and enjoy his culinary delights.
Finally...great British fare in Philly! Owner and chef Sam Jacobson will take care of you with his delicious pies and mash. He was such a nice guy that he even gave us dessert on the house. While you are there, also make sure you try the eels. A yummy treat! The menu changes from day to day and sometimes they run out of things, but there's a reason. The food is that good!
I grew up in London so this type of food has a special sentimental value for me. I was looking for a nostalgic fix, and got it, more or less.
The sausage roll was savory and satisfying, though a little buttery. Definitely a full course, not a snackable treat. The mince and onion pie with mash was probably my favorite. It warmed the cockles of my heart. I didn't get that tear-jerking jolt back to my childhood in Croydon, but it did strike some happy reminiscent notes. Drawback is that it's quite expensive; this type of food is supposed to be fuel for the working man, and at these prices it's sort of a bourgeoisie hipster curiosity, instead.
4.5 stars. Feeling generous to round up!

I've read about this place for awhile now but never had a chance to head down to south philly. I finally had some free time on black friday and made my way in pursuit of a late morning snack. I've had pies before in NYC, at the chain Pie Face.

This smaller Philadelphia first (??) is tiny, with 4-5 double tables. I was rolling solo so mine was a to-go. There was a $5 special that day so all pies were $5. I wanted to go with the acclaimed steak and onions but i decided to test their skills and go for the lamb curry since I believed it would be more challenging to make that tasty. 

The place was packed and there was a line about 7 people deep. I thought it would move quicker, but i assume they were either short staffed or that is how they designed their workflow--one guy takes order, bags order, and rings the patron up. This is the reason i knocked off 1/2 star...The issue i have with this workflow is that the person is touching money (cash/coins) then handling your food. I'm Asian, so i'm not a big germophobe when it comes to food (see most chinatown and little saigon places), but it is something i'd want to mention so they might address this potential issue.  

The pie was really good. The flaky crust and filling were well proportioned. The lamb curry was hearty and well balanced. I ended up eating it in my car and I kinda wished i ordered one more because the pie has this addicting savory and salty combination to it. 

Great addition to east passyunk. Check them out!
I don't know all that much about British food. I've only had meat pies a handful of times, if that. So I had no expectations coming in here. And I can confidently say Stargazy is an absolute gem. The definition of comfort food. The formula here is simple: Pies and baked sausage rolls, scotch eggs, mashed potatoes with liquor. Hearty, filling and spiced just right. It reminds me of the comfort food my mom would make me as a child. The kind where a hot meal makes everything feel better. Stargazy is the cure to the Sunday Scaries. 

Some of the menu might sound boring. "Beef and Onion pie" doesn't exactly scream exciting to most. Don't be fooled. There's so much flavor packed into those pies. And the parsely-based liquor and mash is a must-order. The punch of herbal tangy goodness adds so much to the dishes. Get the scotch egg. That's all I need to say. For the money, you can't find a tastier or heartier meal anywhere. This is a one-of-a-kind place. Come if you're really really hungry, come if you're hungover, come if your budget's tight, come after a rough day at the office. This food will comfort you.
Five stars for the only place (that I know of) in Philly that serves something near and dear to my heart: the elusive Cornish pasty.

The crust was buttery and flaky, and the filling was peppery, onion-y, and it's a damn good thing that I don't live nearby because I would absolutely pack on the pounds.

Couple this with the extremely friendly service and you can guarantee that I will be back soon to sample the traditional pie and mash. Thank you for existing, Stargazy!
Can't believe we waited so long to come. Saturday brunch consisted of a traditional beef and onion pie with mash and parsley gravy, a corned beef Ruben pie, and today's special - a combination of curry spiced lamb and fruit. Washed down with a local ginger beer brew and hot tea. 

Great "Sprinter" ( spring winter) meal. Stargazy satisfies.
Even as a fellow Brit I didn't know a sausage roll could taste so good! I'm so excited I finally came and tried these pies. The pastry was perfectly flaky and golden. In the pie I got along with my sausage roll the filling was great (although I would of liked to have a steak and onion or meat and potato pie). I came here in hopes of getting the full English breakfast I saw on insta and was told since he's really busy making all the pies, etc. he can only do it on Saturdays, and even with that he can't promise every Saturday-so check ahead if that is what you are wanting. Also the fact that I could get ribena made this experience even better. The owner of this little establishment is definitely doing all the right things!
Omg. This place is amazing. I heard all the hype and the reviews and on this snowy April afternoon decided to give it a go. Stargazy you did not disappoint. Rich, interesting flavors. Almost a lightness to it.  Literally now have a new craving.
My review of Stargazy is well overdue, since I've been eating here 2-3 times per week for the past month. I just can't get enough. 

On the first visit, my wife & I were in the area looking for somewhere to have lunch. I had been curious about Stargazy for some time, so we stopped in & ordered a traditional pie to go. I took a bite & was speechless! My wife didn't believe that it could be as good as my facial expression said that it was, so she snatched the pie out of my hand to try for herself "OH MY GOD" she uttered in between bites! We ran back, and ordered more pies along with mash & parsley liquor, to take home for dinner...AMAZING! I've been hooked since!

Stargazy is absolute perfection! The traditional beef & onion pie is to die for. I also look forward to different daily specials. I haven't been disappointed with any combination that Sam creates! In addition to the pies, and some of the best mashed potatoes that you'll ever have, the sticky toffee pudding is absolutely addictive!
To be quite honest, I don't understand the hype. I get the idea is cool. Take a step back from a traditional restaurant, make a in and out pie and mash shop - something Philly hasn't seen before. 

But, cool idea aside, my experience was not the best. 

It's hot as hell in that little place. There are flys everywhere - which doesn't bother me - but it certainly wasn't a sign of good things. 

The guy is nice as hell, but out of the signature pie and has no sausage rolls left, so I'm upset about that. The only thing left is Cornish something or other. So I figured I'd try that. 

I really didn't like it one bit, or know what the contents were. 

It's worth another try, early in the am, before the good stuff is gone...
Amazing. Get there early before they are low on stock. You won't regret it. There meat pies are delectable and there mashed potatoes are creamy and a great addition to the pies. Try it out.
So so sooo good! The vegetarian pie's are always delicious! So hyped this place is in my neighborhood! Their desserts are also total magic!
Authentic British pies and dessert.

Brought my parents to try this place. We had the traditional pie, boar pie, stewed eel, sticky toffee pudding and apple pie.

My parents couldn't stop gushing about the boar pie and sticky toffee pudding.

Do it.
I've wanted to go to Stargazy for a while and finally made it down on a very grey, drizzly evening to really round off the Philly-London experience. 

I personally loved the space but it can definitely be sensory overload as soon as you walk in. Not only is it very tiny, there's a lot going on between the loud music, soccer broadcast, and the kitchen din. The menu can be hard to read in the middle of all this unless you studied it ahead of time on the Stargazy instagram. 

The 2 pies & mash & parsley liquor for $14 will give you one (generous) serving of mash and liquor with two pies piled on top of a single plate. If you want separate plates and separate servings, you'll need to ask for two meals which are $9 each. I ordered a traditional and specialty pie and it totaled out to $16 (+$1 for the specialty pie and +$1 for tax). 

A note, they don't have a real cashbox, just a biscuit tin, so there was a mix up when I got my change for a $20 back and it was 3 one-dollar bills and three quarters...and a nickel. So make sure you count your change on the spot if you pay in cash. Ordering the food was somewhat difficult because Sam was continually distracted by giving directions to the second cook, plating the food, and dealing with the register but he was friendly and had a smile the entire time while running around.

The traditional beef and onion pie was hearty and good but the braised pig face and cabbage was amazingly delicious and perfectly seasoned. The potatoes tasted great, smooth and very obviously not from a mix. I was surprised by how much I liked the parsley liquor. There's definitely a sort of green-bitter taste to it at first but it goes so well with the meaty pies that the sour taste fades quickly into the background.

It's a nice amount of food for two people, filling without leaving you uncomfortably full. I was really tempted to try out their desserts but the person I was with found it incredibly difficult to hold a conversation in the middle of everything going on so we left after finishing our tea. The hot tea is complimentary but we put in a few bucks to support the charity of the month and encourage everyone else too as well.

Overall, a fantastic local place with solid food and a few service quirks to iron out.
Been wanting to go here since they opened and finally made it midday on a Thursday. The space is small but cozy and the people are awesome. We went with the traditional beef and onion pie with mash and parsley liquor. Also added on a pasty and a bantoffee tart. The pastry here is just next level there is no other way to describe it. The fillings are fantastic and the mash and parsley liquor is the perfect stick-to-your-bones food that you need on a cold and/or rainy day. The bantoffee tart was outstanding. The toffee was the thing that really put it all over the edge and the next time I am there which will be soon, I will get getting the sticky toffee dessert. You can eat yourself to exhaustion for about $30 for 2 people which is a steal for food of this quality. Stargazy is an awesome addition to Passyunk I just wish that I lived closer.
It's tiny and eclectic and delightful.  This is not your typical restaurant!

We had meat pies, mash, sticky pudding(?) for dessert and something else that I've forgotten.  It was all all good, quite good in fact.  The portions are sized for a human meal, not a supersized american meal.  You'll go away no longer hungry, but you won't be waddling out.

Hot tea was complimentary, though they also have other interesting drinks, as well a conventional American soda fountain.  We like different things, so we had fun with the strange drinks we didn't recognize.  

They also have some "off the boat" imported goods you can buy.  Mushy peas, digestive biscuts, etc.  We partook of this as well, as it's not often you can buy mushy peas for dinner at home.  

The ambiance is seriously relaxed.  No putting on of airs here!  The staff is very friendly.  They serve what they have made, and when they are out, they are out.  That's the nature of such a small and specialized shop like this.  Which is just fine, you as the customer just have to understand this.  We came late, so our selection choices were limited.  But we did not suffer for it!  

Should I be back in the area, I'm darn likely to come here again.
Temperature in the teens, overcast, looking to reward myself after completing a day of chores...and I couldn't have stumbled upon a better place than Stargazy. 

This joint is specializing in British cuisine and pies - where can you go wrong? To some, that may feel a bit limiting, but what they put out, they really execute on. Their menu also changes throughout the year, and they have specials like fish & chips on Fridays. 

What I really respect about this place is how fair their pricing is...it really gave us the ability to try so many different things.

They have some true comfort food - from shepherds pie, to scotch eggs, to cans of tomato soup (that's right, I said cans - because they serve as a market too where you can get british snacks & groceries.) 

**Pro tip - we got their Heinz Creamy Tomato Soup - this paired so nicely with all of our pies.)

While everything was good, the dishes that stood out the most were there:
- Shepherds Pie: I don't care who has made this for you in the past or where your favorite is right now, if you live anywhere in south philly, this is worth trying. Hearty dish, cooked perfectly with crisp edges and warm & gooey inside. Each fork full was piled with mash, meat, and vegetables.
- Their cheese & onion pastry was a great savory pastry to have with dinner. Kind of felt like a variant of an everything bagel, but as a croissant.
- If there is one thing you have to get here for desserts, please try their Millionaire Shortbread. That's how I felt eating it; like a million bucks. Perfect match of sweet & salty - shortbread, caramel, and chocolate and topped with salt flakes.  

All in all - this isn't a place with crazy flare and it might not have something you haven't tried before, but everything they make - they do it really well! They've shifted to more of a takeout place, so be prepared to either have it delivered or you can pick it up. You can call in or place an order on grubhub (really useful).
Great place to have lunch with co-workers! From the hospitality of the owner to the perfect recommendations of food choices - I'd choose this place any day! My lunch consisted of the broccoli and cheddar pastry with a side of mash and liquor! The homemade mash potatoes were almost to die for. Creamy, a hint of salt, and that seems to be it. Simple. The pastry was also as equally delicious! If you happen to stop by, also try the millionaire bar! Its a large twist on a twix bar.
Comfort food as it was meant to be.

I have been a fan of this spot for years, but am just getting around to this review.

Believe the hype.

The pies are fantastic. 

As a vegetarian, I have come to expect the "vegetarian option" at a place that usually caters to meat heavy dishes to be underwhelming. This is definitely not the case here! Stargazy has a constantly changing seasonal menu of pies and there is always at least one veggie option that is just as fun and delicious as it's meaty counterpoints.

These pies will comfort you on a cold day, heal your hangovers, and improve your life. Get a banoffee tart too. It's worth it.

The owner, Sam, is also a delight. An affable dude, he will answer all your questions and make you want to hang out even longer. 

Check out their instagram to keep up to date on what they are slinging that day. Or just stop in and be surprised. I always check ahead of time, but I've honestly never not liked anything. The offerings tend to be seasonal so lots of greens in the spring and root vegetables in the winter. 

What are you waiting for? Go get those pies!
My oh my, these are some damn delicious pies.

We unfortunately got there close to closing time, so there was no mash, and the special pies were limited. The guy behind the counter (I assume it was Sam Jacobson), told us that he still had some of the Steak & Kidney, and some Curried Butternut Squash & Goat Cheese pies left. Because they had sold out of the other special, he whipped up some Lamb Shank & Date pies.

The BF & I split all 3 and were so happy. While we did miss the mash (must go back for mash), each pie had a unique flavor profile, each rich and savory. It was hard to pick a real favorite, as they all had their own strong flavors. I think my 1st choice would be the Lamb Shank (I'm a sucker for lamb.)

Next time, we'll have to stop by for lunch, or earlier for dinner!
I continue to have great experiences at Stargazy. Ever since I returned from my study abroad in London 6 years ago, I am always in search of some British favorites and this place provides. Staff is welcoming and makes a great product at a fine price. Did the fish and chips pre order pickup today and it is the best fish and chips in Philly, easy. Tons of British snacks, condiments (HP sauce), and candies for those looking to remember days across the sea.
This petite British pie shop is absolutely fantastic. The sausage roll is my favorite item on the menu, but you can't go wrong with any of Stargazy's pies. Pro tip, say yes to the mash and parsley liquor, and snag a millionaire shortbread for the road. This place is a true south Philly gem.
First time here and definitely not the last time here. 

I had the traditional beef and onion pie with some mash. Solid food indeed. Very simple but a very tasty combination.

Let's get into my review:

Environment - Great location. This joint is in an area with a lot of things to see and a good place to shop at, and lastly placed in a safe but vibrant area with plenty of people around. Open space too. Just a comfortable place to be around. 

Exterior and Interior - Outside, it is between a couple of places. The sign outside with Stargazy is unique and you cannot miss this location. It has an artsy feel to the place. When you go inside, it is a bit more tight and smaller than the average restaurant. There are older tables and chairs (or what looks to be like older stuff) with the tables having knife carvings in them like they came from the school cafeteria. Sweet ordeal if you asked me as it gave this place an identity of its own. Just go in through the door and then walk straight up to order food at the counter.

Food - Said it earlier... Got the traditional beef and onion with mash, along with some pudding, and some hot tea. The dish was fairly simple. Flaky crust to the pie and very easy to eat. Lots of meat and lots of mash. The parsley liquor intensified the meal completely. Those other people who said the parslry liquor was great weren't lying. It definitely filled me up. Now for the dessert, I ordered the sticky toffee pudding. This dessert was my favorite part. It was delicious and I've found my new favorite dessert. It's pretty much a good moist ginger cake with some nice light milky cream and a light glaze of toffee or so. Whatever it is, it was THAT good to me. The tea was simple.

Service - I met a very cool guy there. He made conversation with me and we got to know each other. Service was prompt and food can be taken out or eaten inside the joint. Easy menu. I wonder if the owner is a Hotspurs fan? Anyways, I felt at home with the service and I got to meet someone pretty chill. The gentleman that worked the front today is a great asset to the team and just doing small things like that (vibing with the patrons) makes this place a go to. All in all, a nice personal experience.

This spot is a 5 out of 5 for me. HIGHLY recommended.
I got takeout during the corona and the sticky toffee pudding cold and out of the fridge still holds up as being the best dessert I've ever had.
They get this right...British food made as it should be.  It's a quirky place with just as quirky employees but that's the best part.  They're all great.  The food is great.  I'll order a pie, crush it there and then get a sausage roll to go.  There is nothing like walking down the sidewalk gorging yourself on a sausage roll.  I may have issues but I'm okay with that.
Back for the 5 star redemption. We've always come before closing, and he let us stay and chat until he absolutely had to leave which was kind. I got the seasonal veggie and my friend got the beef. We also got a cheese and potato pie on the house. I absolutely am in love with this place and have learned to love the parsley liquor with the mash and pie. 
Definitely still brings me back to mother mash days. Hopefully I'll make it before closing next time.
Despite jokes about British food, I've always enjoyed it, and it's not easy to find good British restaurants even in cities, so I was really happy that Stargazy opened a few weeks ago, and after finally getting over to Passyunk, I can say I'll definitely be back.

I tried four different things and they were all superb. Sausage roll -- terrific. Pasty with potato filling -- beautiful and delicious. Beef & onion pie with mash -- absolutely top notch. Sticky toffee pudding -- cake, cream and toffee were all great, and together they were sublime.

There are also British-y bottles drinks such as ginger beer and rose lemonade, and of course tea.

The restaurant space is small but the service is friendly and fast, and the prices are fair.

I wish them much success!
Well well wellllllllll ......  who would have thought Stargazy would have fish and chips BETTER than my beloved London pubs. 

I'm a pretty impulsive person so I'm not one to preorder anything, I want what I want when I want it. I just couldn't wrap my head around preordering dinner but Thursday I decided I wanted fish and chips. Mid order I realized this was a preorder for Friday (mad face) but I was vested at this point. Friday afternoon I started thinking why did I order fish and chips, I don't think I want that tonight but it was paid for so I picked it up and I am so glad I did. The food was absolutely delicious, even the mashed peas. Now I am excited to try other menu items at Stargazy.
Walked in around 1:30pm on a weekday and was hoping to get the savory pie of the day and a sausage roll, but sadly they were soldout, so I ordered the traditional beef and onion pie with mashed potatoes and parsley liquor.  The pie was wonderful -- great crust and tasty filling. The parsley liquor complements it well. It offers some acid to cut the richness of the pie and serves as a nice gravy for the mashed potatoes. The potatoes themselves were okay. They weren't as creamy or flavorful as I would've hoped for. 

If you're interested in trying out Stargazy, I'd recommend coming right before the lunch rush to get the full assortment of menu items. Try the beef and onion pie and parsley liquor but you can probably skip the mash.
My first introduction to the British culinary tradition of "pie and mash," and they are spectacular. The crusts are super flaky and there are pies for both meat lovers and vegetarians. Sam only makes a limited number of pies so get there early or they are gone!
First time trying this place based on a Best of Philly Mag review. Very small...just a few tables. Had the 2 pie and mash option with the  parsley liquor. Tried the steak and onion and mussel and chorizo pies. Both were very good. The  parsley liquor is just okay...not much flavor...not sure why everyone raves about it and not sure it added anything but some moisture to the mash. Will be back to try more menu items and update my review if I feel any differently. It's nice to have a unique offering like this in South Philly.
I had heard really good things about this place and was happy when I finally made it over there last week. I had a Cornish pasty, which was excellent. When I got there though, there were two people in line ahead of me. Shouldn't have been a big deal, I can wait patiently. For whatever reason though, 2 people ahead of me with normal orders = a ten-minute wait just to place my order. Which is kind of stupid cause the food is all pre-made (I'd say recently pre-made, cause it tasted nice and fresh. I'm just saying it doesn't have to take 10 minutes to box up 2 pies and two sides of mashed potatoes.) The food was great, so I'm definitely gonna be back since it could have just been an "off" moment when I was there. I'll update this review when I make it back.
I am saddened by the fact I can only give this place 5 stars. It deserves like 20. For real. 
I am visiting from Portland Maine and wanted something not so "touristy" . Found this gem on Yelp and immediately got in my car and drove the 30 miles from my hotel to check it out. 
Love the little part of town it is in. Lots of cute shops and charm. Walked into Stargazy and was welcomed by a nice gentleman at the counter. Decided to keep it traditional and got the beef pie with mash. Also had some complimentary tea. Love that this is offered. This place is super cozy and friendly. I immediately felt comfortable. Nothing like a hipster place where you can feel "out of place" . 
Once I began to dig into my meal I was in love. Seriously. In. Love. I eat a lot of food. I do not discriminate. I can tell you hands down that this was one of the BEST meals of my life. I was what you call "sassyfied". Pie was so good and flavorful. Mash was yummy yummy good. And the SAUCE. I'm not sure what kind of sauce it was but I was calling it "God sauce" in my head. I need more of this God sauce in my life. 
Best food and 1/2 hour I spent in Philly. Thank you Stargazy! Keep doing what you do!
I don't even know how to describe the perfection of the pastry. I've had pies, sausage roll, pasties (not all in one go, honest)... and all of them have been AMAZING. The fillings are good too -- my favorites so far have been the traditional and today's oxtail special, but the pastry is what keeps me going back (3 times in 2 weeks). Sam just got in British sodas as well and I had my first Dandelion & Burdock (delicious!), but if you just fancy something to wash the pies down, the free tea is spot on. The only problem with the place -- other than that it often sells out early (check Facebook for updates) -- is that it can cause Eyes Bigger Than Stomach affliction. Although I can't say it's that upsetting to know I have half a plate of mash and an order of sticky toffee pudding (with a side of fresh cream) awaiting me in the fridge. 
If you haven't been, go!
This review will probably be updated to a 5 star review once I veer from my normal order and try the other goodies offered by this awesome pie shop.

I am obsessed with the traditional beef and onion pie. The meat filling is so very flavorful, and then add some perfectly cooked mashed potatoes AND parsley "liquor" (gravy)? It's comfort food heaven!

My husband is obsessed with the pasties. The filling often changes in those, but every one he's had is the best one yet. 

We ordered a family size pie, baked in our own pie dish, for New Year's Eve. Adorned with stars on top, it was almost too pretty to eat. ALMOST.

Super friendly staff and cozy surroundings. Great for eat-in if you can find a spot, or take-out. Lovely addition to the Passyunk Ave vibe.
Neat place. Something that Philly has that NY doesn't; that's a rarity. You really do feel transported out of Philly briefly into Narnia. Pies are the main attraction (tho I never got the courage to try the eel one), but they also have small British trinkets and treats that my Anglophile friends have missed for some time. Yes, you can get random things from Amazon, but it's different to walk into a shop that smells like deliciousness.
This place is a little gem in the city. Their savory pies are among the best I've ever had. The classic beef onion is perfect. The mash potatoes are as good as they can get. The gravy is why I love this place so much.  I have never had gravy like this before. It makes everything delicious.
Sam Jacobson brings traditional British pie and mash to Philadelphia! Been eagerly anticipating the opening and managed to get down there today to grab a beef & onion and a couple of cauliflower and cheddar pies. SO GOOD! The pastry is perfect and the savory fillings are amazing - so rare to find them so spot-on outside the UK. Also managed to snag the last sausage roll - really good with a nice little spicy kick to it. 
Check it out for great eats, Premiership football and free tea!
Great food, great service, and a perfect addition to Passyunk  Ave.  Check it out,  you won't regret it!
A taste of home with a warm service... This is the one sentence that encapsulates a visit to stargazy if u are or ever lived in the UK. 
The pies are delicious no matter which one you try served with perfect amount of mash and the gravy. And don't forget to get the toffee pudding if they have it. Simply sublime. It's a no fuss establishment. Make yourself a cuppa and enjoy the experience.
So good. I'm no expert of traditional British pies but I had a wonderful experience. Casual, delicious and definitely unique - I'll be back for more!
Philly is full of places to eat. This place is one of them. However, it's actually unique and one of a kind. Literally every bite was so good. Great comfort food and creative specials!

I recommend this for a change of pace and really great traditional London food!
With the English weather upon us,  this is the perfect winter comfort food. I got the basic meat pie with mash and it was delicious and very authentic. They also sell digestive cookies if you happen to love them as much as I Do!
This place has some damn good pies! I finally got a chance to see what all the commotion was about this place, and it was awesome! The lamb shank and eggplant burgundy was amazing, as well as seasoned nicely. The mash potatoes were my favorite part of the meal. Very airy in texture and nice buttery taste. The place is tiny, so dining in might be a pain. Also, arrive early because they sell out of items quick. It is still an awesome addition to Passyunk Ave.
This place is fantastic. Very filling for the price, and flavors you won't find in any other spot I've tried in Philadelphia. Grab a pie and sit outside by the fountain. 

I consider myself a mashed potato aficionado and was blown away by their mash.    

Super friendly service and atmosphere. Will definitely go again.
Ahhh, British meat pies in Philly. And they're bloody brilliant!

We ordered the lamb, eggplant, and red wine pie, the beefy pie, and the liver pie. I don't remember their official names, but who cares, they were heavenly. We ate them after a hike and it was meaty energy that was honestly way too much food. I would recommend no more than one pie per person, and if you get the mash to go with it, plan to not eat for the rest of the day. So good and the perfect, flaky, buttery goodness if you are a meat and potatoes gal, like me. :)
Ordered through Caviar about an hour ago and my god these pies are divine. Just the standard meat pie is a symphony of crust, parsley liquor, and amazing potatoes. 5/5 stars.
I love me a British meat pie and these are deelicious. A hole in the wall worth a visit. And the guys behind the counter will make you smile.
The best I can say as a Londoner living in Philly is that this is legit. .. And it is.
Another great pick by the fiance! It's without a doubt that we will be back again. The food was excellent and enough for someone to lick their plate clean. The fiance got the traditional beef pie and I got their vegetarian pie and we both had it with mash and parsley liquor. The place is small, service was chill. The fiance is already planning future meals at Stargazy, so we'll definitely be back.
Yes, The meat pies are as good as you hoped they will be.

I bought the classic beef and onion with mashed potatoes and parsley liquor.

Since almost every order is to go, I would recommend that you ask them to pack the meat pie separately. Or else the parsley gravy softens the crust that is such a huge feature of the meat pie in the first place!

The sticky toffee pudding is a real treat! Get it. Don't think about the sugar.

I dream of this place when I'm not here.
Stargazy definitely lives up to all the hype. Everything is good so that the only way you could go wrong is by NOT trying something. I came around 11 on a Saturday (right when they first open), so they hadn't run out of anything yet, and all the pies were hot and fresh! 

I got the traditional beef and onion pie with mash, and the parsley liquor is absolutely delicious. I just wish there had been a little more of it! I also got a cornish pasty and a banoffee pie. The savory pies both had perfectly flaky crusts with moist insides (no soggy bottoms). 

But..the real star of the meal was the dessert banoffee pie. The crust was so crispy and perfectly baked, the bananas were the right thickness, and there was just the right amount of caramel to add flavor, but not get too sweet or weigh down the pie. Even my friend who doesn't particularly like bananas or pies wanted another one. 

Coming early is probably the way to go, because things sell out fast. Even after they first opened, while I was waiting in line, they ran out of sausage rolls! You should also be prepared to take things to go, as there are enough seats for maybe 10-12 people, and the place is crowded with a constant line of people. Next time I visit, I'll be sure to grab an extra banoffee pie or two, and maybe try those sausage rolls!
I visit Philadelphia once or twice a year, and I've done that for over ten years. Every time I visit, I slip into the old routine, visit the same restaurants, stay at the same places, hang with the same people. This time, I wanted to switch it up. I fired up Yelp and found Stargazy. Everything about this place was great. I had a pie of the day (roasted eggplant, almonds, peppers, and goat cheese) with mash for breakfast. I followed it up with a banana toffee pudding pie. The flavors were absolutely incredible, I loved the texture and pie dough. But even more than that, Sam was great, the place has an awesome ambiance and vibe, I'd recommend it to anyone and will make sure it's a stop on my next trip there.
I could eat here every day - comfort food at its finest. Traditional items like the beef and onion pie are delicious as are some of the more modern dishes.  I haven't been brave enough to try the eel yet...this might take a while.  

Seating area is small, and if many people are waiting in line, the place becomes a little awkward to maneuver.  Don't let that keep you away though.  Owner stocks a few British specialty grocery items as well.  So if you're looking for some Lyle's Golden syrup to make that cake you saw on your Nigella Lawson cookbook, you can find it here.
Very average quality of pies. Honestly I have had much tastier ones.The person behind the counter literally broke my pie while taking it out of the container and didn't even apologize. Also the person behind the counter was very rude and didn't even tell us which pie is named what when we asked. Dunno maybe she didn't like my face or something. There is no space to move in this shop.Very surprised by good reviews of this place.
Delicious savory pies and lip-smackingly good desserts! Couldn't have found a better place to try British cuisine!
I loved Sycamore when Chef Sam was at the helm, and so I was deliriously happy when he opened Stargazy. The meat pies are stellar, no matter which pie you choose--the classic or a daily special. The sausage rolls are also amazing. A lot of it is the crust/pastry . . . it's so flaky and full of delicious fat. The apple pies are good, as well.

And yes, you *can* get jellied eels here. I've tried them, and it's not my thing (not even a little), but Sam is super particular about where he gets them from and how they're prepared.
Great food with friendly staff.  I had the lamb with peaches and a blueberry pie.  Easy street parking in a great Philly neighborhood.
Let me tell you, Stargazy was really terrific. Truly enjoy the atmosphere and friendly service. I can not recommend Traditional Beef and Onion Pie & Mash more. I believe every one will like this heavenly food. The workers were great, I didn't have any problems, everything went without problems with my order and service. We will certainly come back to Stargazy again.
I ordered the original pot pie with mashed potatoes and liqueur sauce. In addition I tried the breakfast bacon egg and beans bun. I liked the different quirk of this place from the staff to the way the menu is presented. What I fear this place lacks, at least for me, was a higher price for what you get essentially.
My pot pie was pretty small with ground beef and a nice flavor, was it tasty and nice, yes but it was definitely small and compared to may I even say, Marie calendars status. 
My favorite food in the world is mashed potatoes and when I tried it, it was a regular mashed potatoes maybe even less, not much flavor or texture. 
The liquor sauce almost like your gravy substitute was a green almost tangy sour if a dressing. It was interesting.
My mashed potatoes and my liquor sauce were cold, my plate chipped and my pot pie relatively small. It felt like a TV dinner except healthier bc you knew it was made in the kitchen.
Flavor profile was just a bit off for me, menu was nice, staff was nice, but potatoes, size of pie, the coldness of the liquor sauce was underwhelming. Hippie for sure, if that's ur scene. Really don't have much to say about the breakfast bacon egg and bean, except it was cold.
Went to this place on a recommendation from a friend and it was just as amazing as promised. We got the cheesy chicken, prosciutto, and pea pie with a white snap pea salad that went perfectly together. The crust was the best I've tasted and I'm so happy to find a place with incredible quality meat pies to frequent especially after Magpie on South St closed (though I would argue this is better). 

As we were leaving and chatting, we were given a pear pie to take home (they were about to close and it was very nice of them!) and it was also amazing.

Overall, it was the perfect friendly, casual environment with truly incredible food. Highly recommend! Can't wait to go back.
Came here for breakfast one morning. Amazing pie filled with beef, onion, carrots with mash on the side and drizzled with parsley liquor (not actual liquor). Also amazing sausage pastry.
They also have an assortment of british sweets and jams, etc. Very friendly service
This is my new favorite place. Food is bomb, staff is awesome and friendly, and overall I feel at home here. Their pies and mash are so freaking delicious and I'm still trying to find a star on one of mine so I can get a free one. They have free tea and donate to awesome stuff if you donate for the tea. There are such cool, different snacks and foreign drinks to try. Just come by, get some pies and mash and hang out, you'll love it.
The service was great, the guy at the counter was informative with what's left, what's good and even gave me a free cheesesteak pie on the house. I got the lamb and beef, potatoes and onion pie. It was all great, flaky goodness. The lamb was a bit dry but packed flavors. Def coming back son.
