Spectacular steak, flawless service and second-to-none interior design. However, their $100 pp minimum is a huge turn-off. 

This is not some entertainment venue where the talent must be paid and cheapskates collared by a table minimum. Given the price points requested you'd come damn close to their threshold on an average evening anyway but who wants to waste their time constantly doing arithmetic in their head. 

That's not hospitality, that's math. If I wanted to take the SAT's during dinner I would have brought along a workbook. 

Shortsighted, and unnecessary. A five star experience cheapened.
Pure, unadulterated excellence! We had a pre-wedding dinner for my sister-in-law and her partner and decided to go with Steak 48. It was the absolute BEST decision! 

I worked with Savannah earlier in the day to set up the surprise dinner. She had the table set with rose petals and a bouquet of gorgeous flowers! We were seated in a semi-private room with fabulous ambiance and social distancing! PERFECT

But HUNTYYYYYYY, the food was 5-star! Our waitress, Germany, was attentive, warm, well-verses on food and suggestions! There was seafood Mac and cheese, corn brûlée, lamb chops, steaks, handcrafted drinks, red velvet bread pudding, chocolate cake, delectable shrimp, jalapeño calamari,  and chocolate cookies! 

If you are looking for a bargain meal, go to McDonald's. If you are not concerned with prices, come here! You are greeted and SPOILED BEFORE YOU WALK IN THE DOOR. You DO NOT TOUCH THE DOOR, the staff does it. They treat you like the rock star that everyone is! Please bring your smile and gratitude.... leave all negativity at the door!
I'm in love .... I've heard phenomenal things about the restaurant but it was hard to get a reservation. I picked my husband up from work downtown yesterday, it was a such beautiful day we decided to hang out and have dinner. On a humbug at 4:45pm my husband went to OpenTable and found that Steak 48 had 5pm reservations. Wow I wasn't expecting that. He said valet parking is $26. I REFUSE to pay $26 to park the car for a few hours. I said if it meant to be I'll find a meter nearby. IT WAS MEANT TO BE, I found a meter a block away from the restaurant. I called the restaurant to make the reservation then paid for parking . (If you don't have the meter up app to pay for parking please get it, it make's life so much easier) At this point my heart is telling me I'm in for a treat, and I was. 

We walked into the restaurant , everyone was so kind. Even the young lady who took my phone reservation came over and introduced herself. As we were escorted to the table the host again welcomed us to the restaurant . Every aspect of the restaurant is BEAUTIFUL .... the floors, walls, artwork, ceiling, decor, employees etc ... By the time I was seated I was giddy. 

Our waitress, Porscha , was beautiful , knowledgeable and attentive. Every suggestion she made was on point, including our drinks, I had a strawberry rhubarb something and my husband had an orange old fashion. My drink was so good, i had another 

Now lets talk about the food . For starters they placed piping hot freshly baked melt in your mouth rolls on the table. Delicious. I had to stop myself from eating more. For appetizers we couldn't decide if we wanted crispy shrimp deviled eggs (Porsche highly recommended it) or fried calamari and shrimp ... we got both and they both were DELICIOUS but I have to admit I dreamt about the deviled eggs last night. For the main course I had the crab cakes (I'm a Marylander so I can be quite snobby about Crabcakes ... they were delicious but a little loose for my liking) my husband had a perfectly prepared filet mignon. Our shared sides were mashed potatoes (chef how did you make those perfectly fluffy, perfectly seasoned mashed potatoes) and snap peas (so so so delicious) . We could not finish all of anything, so there was no room for dessert until Porscha placed two chocolate chip cookies on the table. Of course it was a buttery perfectly baked perfect cookie. 

There's so much more on the menu I want to ... no I HAVE to try so I'll be back really soon.

Oh and my parking was only $4.09 because you can stop the meter on the Meterup app and only pay for the parking you actually used
Used to come here with my wife for some good quality steaks and cocktails. Sometimes we go over 100$ a person but sometimes we don't. We normally split dessert, sides and appetizers and get separate main dishes and cocktails. To hit the 100$ mark per person we each have to essentially buy a full course meal each. Which is like 10,000 calories per person. Not even taking into consideration the dates we go on where we just have a light meal or just want some cocktails. Which I feel is normal. Hey they are a private business and can legally do whatever they like. But this $100 per person limit is so... not chic. Minimums are something bad strip clubs and bad overrated clubs do, not fine dining establishments. I'll stick with Mastros.
I find it slightly unsettling to have a reservation at 4:00 and that's when the restaurant opens. Standing outside with several other guest appeared like a soup line during the depression. However a better dressed group. This a bad look. Approximately 10 minutes before the official restaurant opening allow your patrons to enter the lobby/foyer area to check in. 

Once inside everyone was pleasant and professional. I was checked in and seated within 5 minutes. The restaurant is large however I was seated at the opening of the restroom. UGH. Luckily there wasn't much traffic, during Covid you would think more people would be washing their hands, nope!

I asked for medium well steak however  based on the temperature description given by Mindy I was informed the steak would be pink. With more information  I ordered my bone in ribeye medium plus (?).  Although the steak was juicy it was very crisp to 'blackened' and quite pink inside.
Not as described.  The Praline Sweet Potato is listed: whipped - vanilla bean - mascarpone - candied pecans - streusel crisp  it lacked any flavor whatsoever, and was extremely stringy which is a NO
NO! . This dish should be smooth as pudding bursting with flavor and texture. It got better with the king crab meat and avocado stack that was a generous portion with flavor and fresh. The freshly baked hot and slightly buttery rolls were the best item offered during this meal. 

My server Mindy was professional, prompt and efficient. Perhaps trying to recover for Covid slowness is difficult for some because the meal was a disaster for me. This is no reflection on her Mindy but  I totally wasted $100.
Update:  Someone will call you after your visit to give the impression they care about your experience it's been over a week since I spoke with them and still no follow up from the manager like I was told.
Where do I start? Naturally it should be with the food but to be honest, the service is what TRULY made Steak 48 a phenomenal experience.

We were greeted by beautiful black faces all wearing masks behind a plexiglass barrier. It was refreshing entering such a high-end restaurant and seeing faces like your own. As a WOC that was very comforting. 

The moment we stepped into the dinning room I was blown away. Low lights, simple decor and plenty of space for social distancing. It was very comforting also seeing the servers wear mask and  plastic face covers. As someone who's been taking COVID-19 very seriously, I've been reluctant to eat indoors and felt relieved seeing the safety measures in place.

Our Waiter was AMAZING!! He recommended a perfect red wine that was dry enough for my boyfriend and semi-sweet for me.

OF COURSE the food was out of this world! Worth every single penny. I recommend the Wagyu, Crusted Seabass, Seafood Mac and the Crispy Rock Shrimp are a MUST. In fact, don't be like us- get a large order. Lol the shrimp alone is enough for us to come back.

Next time I'll have to leave room for dessert. Job well done Steak 48! We'll be back for more!
Food not worth the price. Minimum spending per person is insulting for what's being served.
This place was terrible, our server was very unprofessional and kinda rude. You are completely rushed the entire time. Super overpriced and our meal came out wrong TWICE. I rather spend my money elsewhere. Way to many steak houses in the city to go to this place. Definitely will never be back.
I would like to address I typically do not write reviews even if I had a bad experience but this tops it all. Expensive just for the sake of being expensive. Typically if you are going to charge high end prices for a steak house dinner, you should also offer excellent customer service, creativity, and a hard pressed menu that can't find else where. Well this restaurant did not meet the standards, just the price! 
I hosted my birthday dinner here and it was a disappointing experience overall from the food, to the customer service, to management. Prior to the dinner I had to prepay with a guaranteed minimum spending which I did not understand why but did so per restaurant's request. Although, given the prices on the menu we would have spent more. Then they required that we ordered off of a pre-fixed menu. This just took away from the whole experience because we were limited with our dinner option compared to the variety selection offered on the regular menu.
Once there, management was not accommodating at all.  It's just disappointing considering the amount of money we spent there. The food was not great. There was nothing special about the dish, just regular steakhouse entrees.  One of my guest had to abruptly leave the premises because she asked if she could order an appetizer that was not on the prefix menu. The manager on duty immediately and rudely declined her request and accused her of attacking him with her hands. How could a 5 foot petite woman sitting down hands reach a 6'4 man standing up? Additionally the same manager was caught talking negatively about my guests to another table. A manager who happens to be a women of color and the same race was sent to our room to hear our concerns. I expressed to her since I am the host of the event, why wasn't I given a warning before my guest was removed and how I strongly disagreed with the way management handle the issue. I also reiterated that the manager who had accused my guest of a so called "assault"only wanted her gone because his ego was hurt after her confronting him of his poor management skills. The woman manager was only sent there by the male managers because they were caught speaking negatively about my guests and also see if she was able to defuse the situation since she is the same race. That was very unprofessional, poor management all around. I can't believe how my whole dinner party was treated as paying guests who've not only paid in advance but also more than the minimum requirement and maybe thousands more if the night would have turned out differently. I just hope we were not treated a certain way because of our skin color. I have been to numerous 5 stars steak restaurants and have never endure this type of experience.  I will never again dine there and will not recommend anyone of color to.
Steak 48 is Trash.....! (Looks around Nervously) Now before anyone comes for my head, 2 disclosures; this review has nothing to do with price. I honestly don't remember what I had to pay. I would feel the same way if the steak cost 20 dollars or 100 dollars. Second, I am in no way a chef or cook or claim to be, but what I have done is try multiple steakhouses and unfortunately the steak at steak 48 does not even begin to compare to some of the great steaksI have had in the past. I definitely run the risk of making this overly lengthy because of how much I have to say so I will try to make this as terse as possible.

Now, this is my second time trying this restaurant as I felt my first time must have been bad day for the chef, both times I ordered the same thing; The Bone in Ribeye, and both times I was equally as disappointed. The steak, I don't know..., just confused me. I honestly did not understand what I was eating,  any donut who enjoys steaks will attest, the main component adding to a great steak's appeal it is the hard sear on the outside and the medium rare center. If you cook your steak right, and leave it to rest enough you should achieve this perfect sear and have a warm center, creating a contrast in the texture; the hard outer sear, and a tender center. 

This ribeye had neither, though it was cooked to a perfect medium rare (visually), there was no sear on the outside  and the inside was oddly singeing hot, which still does not make any sense to me. I Imagine the steak was broiled in some form after it was cooked which will explain why the plate was scalding also, but this made for a really peculiar eating experience I truly truly did not care for. The steak was burning hot but still medium rare, it truly felt like someone chucked the steak into a microwave after it was cooked. The resulting offering was a flabby steak, red in the center but inedible because of how hot it was and the un-rendered fat.

All that aside, the appetizers and sides were, okay, I guess, but this is a steakhouse so who cares how good the appetizers are. My two stars are honestly for the service, despite the strict dress code and  spending minimum, this place is not pretentious or snobby at all, the staff are inviting and very welcoming, too bad the meal was not just as up to par.
Such a shame! The server added drinks to our bill over 60.00 in martinis, been trying for over a week to refund! When you spend over 300 for dinner for 2 people the bill does not need to be padded! Never returning! Management should handle concerns. As a consumer you should not need to call and follow up 6 times tried for a week. Done! If they need the extra 60.00 please keep it. There are many other places to dine to spend our money. Thx!
came here to celebrate our anniversary and i don't think we could have spent it anywhere else! from the second we walked in until we left we were congratulated about our anniversary and greeted warmly!

customer service was truly a 20/10. our waiter was phenomenal and they even called me the next day to make sure we had a great experience

i do have to say the ambience is a little strange. it's a nice restaurant but then they were playing almost dancey bar music? not that i don't like it but it didn't really fit the vibe of the restaurant, but might just be me.

now for the food... 
we started with east coast oysters and calamari/shrimp. the oysters were great but the calamari and shrimp i've definitely had better. i did appreciate the array of sauced and jalapenos

we both got the boneless rib eye, au gratin potatoes, mushrooms and brussel sprouts. i'm not gonna lie i wasn't wow'd. definitely not the best steak meal i've ever had.
the rib eye was a little bit chewy and wasn't melt in my mouth butter steak which i'm used to. the brussel sprouts were a little underdone 
i did like the potatoes and mushrooms but so many mushrooms were in these tiny little shredded pieces. 

overall i'd give it a 4/5. customer service was amazing, no other steakhouse compares, but i've definitely had better steak in the city.
This place really put a damper on my 10 year anniversary.  We waited 10 mins before were greeted by our server and provided menus.  I ordered a drink when I placed my food order and my food came and about half way through my meal I inquired about my drink and a few minutes later the server brought it over by that time I was pretty much finished.  The rack of lamb was not a good recommendation at all they were skimpy and under seasoned.  The fact that they are charging 100 dollars for that poor quality of meat was just frustrating.  The sweet potatoes were really good but the Brussels sprouts were just okay.  We opted to not do dessert because the food was underwhelming so we did not want to be disappointed.  I will not be returning I was not impressed by the service or food.
I honestly like not be happier with my dining experience at Steak48.  I made reservations over a month in advance for my boyfriend's birthday and was anxious about everything being perfect.  When we arrived at 7:30 and our table wasn't quite ready which wasn't a huge deal.  We hung out by the doors and they brought us champagne for the inconvenience.  Plus one. 

Once we were seated I loveeeed our table. There was glass blocking behind each long side of the table and a wall flanking the short end of the table so it was like a private cubby.  The only way to see us was on the side of the table where are server would appear.  

Autumn served us and she was perfect in every way.  Her obvious mastery of the menu and comprehensive descriptions made it easy to choose the best dishes for us. My bf was very happy with the birthday card the restaurant gave him, he turned to me and said "awww it has my name on it." LOL 

So the food...yes we came to a steak restaurant to eat seafood. Sue me.  We ordered the fried lobster appetizer, jumbo crab cakes, pan seared scallops, corn creme brûlée and whipped potatoes topped with lobster and crab meat.  We also had two glasses of rosé.  Every single thing we ate was outstanding.  We finished the night with the warm vanilla cake as the birthday finale. And this was probably the best food I've eaten in years.  It was well worth the price tag.

I know there is controversy over the service minimum and dress code but I would frequent this establishment any day of the week.  Perhaps management might consider one or two (slower) days in the week when the mimimim isn't a requirement or just a bit lower? Just a suggestion that might open up this beautiful world to some who are turned off by the minimum.
My wife and I, in younger days, would occasionally enjoy stopping at a restaurant in the later evening for dessert and coffee. We would ask on arrival if that was ok and I don't recall ever not being welcomed. And we would sometimes return, even more than once, especially if we had been treated well, as a larger group for a full meal. A restaurant should try to make its customers happy. That should be it's goal.  Long-standing restaurants will tell you this. This restaurant is the new kid in town. They should be trying to ingratiate themselves with the local community. They have a lot of well-established competition nearby. Their main goal shouldn't be, especially at this early stage, and really ever, squeezing dollars out of their customers. 

This policy is, I suspect, created out of weakness. Restaurants with good reputations fill their reservations early. They should be trying to please people to the point that they join that category.  Then they would find that their reservations were taken up early, and that someone trying to abuse them would have to go elsewhere. Instead they are just being greedy before they have the right to be.

Don't go to this restaurant. They need to fail. Cancel if you have a pending reservation. This $100 per person minimum charge is just plain wrong. Doesn't belong in our city. Bad, bad, bad.
I rarely write a bad review of a restaurant, but I had to in the case of Steak 48.

My wife and I and a friend were here on July 1st. With the $100 minimum per person, we thought this would be a nice quiet classy restaurant. The music was so loud that we couldn't even hear each other talk. After a couple requests to turn down the music, it was turned down, but still pretty loud.

As for the food, I ordered a steak that was so over-seasoned that you couldn't even taste the steak. The ladies ordered the crab cake; they were large but hardly any meat. When we complained, they said most people say there is too much meat. Whoever complains about there being too much crab meat in a crab cake? C'mon!

After complaining to the manager via phone the next day, I was told I would be receiving a coupon in my e-mail. A month and a half later, still nothing!

We were so hoping this would be our to-go place after orchestra concerts, broadway shows and operas. We are in the Steak 48 neighborhood all the time.

So disappointed!

Dave
Took my fiancé out here for his bday! I'm the type to study the menu before coming to a restaurant and we were so happy with everything we ordered! 

First, the customer service needs its own paragraph. The moment we walked in, we were greeted at the front desk and they gave my fiancé a bday card. How considerate! Then we were walked over to our table and seated facing the open kitchen which was nice. It was busier on a Tuesday than I expected but that only gave me high hopes about this restaurant and the food! There was a server assistant who cleaned up and refilled our drinks and he was so sweet. They scraped the table with a knife after cleaning the table so they get rid of all the crumbs and debris before washing the cloth I guess. I've never seen that before but very high end! Our server was also amazing and gave us chocolate cake for my fiancé on the house. He gave great recommendations. 

The food, I must say..we ordered way too much food for two people. But everything tasted great. The rolls for the table were soooo soft but crispy outer layer brushed with garlic butter and Parmesan in a mini cast iron. For appetizers, we ordered the crispy shrimp deviled eggs and calamari. The calamari..I dreamt about it. It's a different taste than others I've tried. It tasted kind of like Popeyes breading and they came with three different sauces to dip. Deviled eggs were also amazing with the shrimp on top. Creamy and big portion. 

The appetizers both could've been enough for us but we had to get the steak and seafood. We ordered the ribeye..crispy outside and perfect medium rare inside. Alaskan king crab tasted *chefs kiss*..we got 4 legs(8oz) and they were pretty meaty. Oysters were very small but tasted fresh. Oh did I say we got Brussels sprouts on top of that? Way too much food but my fiancé and I have this thing where we have to order Brussels sprouts at restaurants if they have it bc we love eating them and love to compare which are best. I would say this one was average. We prefer crispy and flaky but they make it soft baked which was fine. We enjoyed the seasoning on the brussel sprouts tho. 

My fiancé picked the very chocolate cake with cherries as our dessert on the house and there was no way we'd finish...but he ate a few bites and loved the chocolatey goodness. Server also gave two mini chocolate chips after which I devoured in 2 seconds. 

Definitely recommend visiting! We will be coming back again Steak 48!
This is the first 5 stars I've ever given. To give it anything less would be unfair and a complete lie. From the moment we entered the restaurant until the check came we received 5 star service from the staff. My glass never got a chance to be empty because soon as they noticed it was half full, there was someone coming to refill my drink. Non-stop gracious waitress and waiters making sure our needs were met. They asked what was the occasion, it was my boyfriend's birthday. Our waiter Colin had brung out a birthday cake with a cute complimentary birthday card. We had the pleasure of meeting the general manager, whom was also more than amazing. The food was delicious. I got lollipop lamb chops, Brussels sprouts without bacon of course (because pork is disgusting) and sweet potatoes. Like literally everything was perfect!!! 10/10 will definitely return.
I was looking forward to a wonderful dining experience all week considering we had to make reservations a month in advance. Based on that alone I had high expectations to only be disappointed once dinner was served and things just went downhill from there. The bone in rib-eye was mediocre, nothing special to it and my steak was overcooked. The 40oz wagyu steak was good, but again there was nothing that sets this dish apart from any other steak house especially for the price I was paying. It was of good quality but it was a typical steak entree, nothing that set this dish apart from others besides the price. The mashed potatoes tasted like instant mashed potatoes from a box and the Mac and cheese had no flavor at all. Salt and pepper did not help! It was a disappointing meal. I was not satisfied considering all the rave about this place. This restaurant is definitely overrated. You can eat at Ruth Chris, get the same or better quality and spend half the amount. 
Then to end my night, I overheard the manager (tall skinny fella, about 6ft 4in) talking badly about a customers to another table. That was very unprofessional especially at a management level. What type of leadership skill is that? How can a manager lead a great team to run a high end restaurant when he's talking badly about paying customers to other guests. Overall this was a horrible dining experience for an upscale establishment. The food was overrated, not worth the price tag, the server Drew was great, but management conducted poorly. I will not be returning. I will stick with other high end restaurants within the same area i.e Del Frico's, Barclay Prime, Chima's etc.
An experience. That's what I can say. It's an experience that tasted pretty good. 

My night started interestingly because Butcher and Singer lost power yesterday and we had to pivot and make other birthday plans. I called over and they had a table available for the 4 of us. 

This place has the best dirty martini I've ever had. THEY HAVE BLUE CHEESE STUFFED OLIVES YALL. 

They give out fresh baked rolls. They are buttered garlicked, and cheesed. Such a nice little add. To start we had oysters both west and east coast, and pork belly. Get the pork belly; it's sweet and lightly spicy, and the spinach is great. 

I had the Caesar salad, scallops, corn, mushrooms, and we accidentally ended up with the sweet potato. I would highly recommend all those dishes. 

The wait staff was great and really knowledgeable. The atmosphere is fun and relaxed. I have been hearing there's some rules on attire and such but we were dressed pretty well. 

Definitely a great meal but definitely for special occasions.
They are trying really hard here--spent tons of money for a "dazzling" look--if you want to be dazzled.  Personally, I felt like I was in an amusement park and was belted into a ride with a lot of noise and lights. (Note: this spot is NOT noisy---the noise level is excellent--but the dazzle is a little overwhelming--Las Vegas meets HGTV.)  The design is overdone--you are surrounded by so much "design" and soooo much black and white it's almost paralyzing and certainly distracting not to mention the very 90's open kitchen. For $104 for a large filet I don't really want to watch them cook it.  Staff is a bit robotic but there for you.  Food was a mix of excellent and so-so but VERY expensive.  A lot has gone into this spot--perhaps too much. The strip steak was outstanding, the meat loaf mushy.  Maybe a half star as a pandemic allowance and a half for newness.  Here's hoping for consistent excellence as Steak48 settles in.

PS. The complimentary dessert (cake+ice cream+ caramel) was amazing!
My fiancé and I came here on our original wedding date that was postponed due to covid as a way to treat ourselves. This place did not disappoint. The steak was medium rare and sliced like butter. The truffle butter was an amazing addition as well. The Brussels sprouts were good not great though. Besides that the braised pork belly appetizer and the warm breads were great starters to the meal. Highly recommend this restaurant and can't wait to go back with my soon to be wife
Extremely rude staff, over priced, they discriminate against the lower class with their 100$ minimum, the plates were dirty and when we complained they just ignored us.
Here's the thing about a steakhouse that has a dress code and a posted $100/per person minimum.....it had better be worth it. You would have to be pretty thick to think you would walk out of this restaurant paying anything less than $125 per person. I don't see the need to post something like that, but they do it in Chicago too. It is pretentious, but it would have been forgotten had I been leaving a 5-star review. 

The Chicago Steak 48 restaurant is amazingly good. I love spending big bucks on great food when you walk out thinking, "totally worth it....every penny." The Philly location just isn't there yet. Our server was very good. The appetizers and bone-in fillet were excellent. The bone-in ribeye just didn't taste the part. It was a tad under cooked and just didn't have the flavor of similarly priced steaks that I've had in other locations. Our brussel sprout side was was pretty hard to eat it was so under cooked. 

Finally....you guys need to consider doing something about your surface-of-the-son hot dinner plates. I know it's a steakhouse norm to serve food on hot plates, but these were ridiculously hot to the point that it was a distraction. If you cut a couple of pieces of steak and leave them on the plate, the pieces are literally too hot to eat. I have never been to a steakhouse where the dinner plates melt through the table cloth. That happened in our case. The dinner plates had to be ripped off the table at the end of the meal, and they left a plate-sized hole in our table in all three of our seatings. Why? 

The ambiance, location, service, drinks, and some of the food is really good at this place. Given the prices that Steak 48 charges, nearly everything needs to be excellent nearly all the time.
We decided to find out what's all of the hype about with Steak 48. 

Here it is:

Let's start with the food was delicious, and was priced appropriately for a steakhouse. The $100 minimum per person was very easy to achieve, we actually spent about $250 per person. (Total bill with tip ~$1,100-four people). 

We were seated in the main dining room with the open air kitchen. I believe that I counted 16/18 tables. The area, is OK!  I did not find the ambiance special, especially given what we spent for the evening. It was about the food and the company- but the basic open area seating was not special...very basic. 

The main server and table team was good, although I don't remember the server's name. We expect great service when we dine at any establishment, so it takes a bit more than doing your job to wow us! What we DO appreciate and what would have made the dining experience better is the chef or manager stopping by the table.  A brief introduction and check in on the overall meal, and/ or dining experience would have been a nice touch. That did not happen. 

Here are my interesting observations:

1) I was curious why the establishment felt the need to publish a dress code. Barclays Prime, Del Frisco's Double Eagle or Jean-Georges do not find the need to "over communicate" what attire is required. Yet Steak 48 does. Well, I observed some very interesting, inappropriate attire being wore by women. (Attire fit for a strip club or a low scale night club). It made me pause, and think to myself "why?".  We are foodies and have dined all around the city and I've not seen THIS in other high end-well appointed establishments. (Perhaps I've overlooked elsewhere; Steak 48 has open seating to left and right in the main dining room so partons essentially walk through the center aisle to be seated). None the less, I believe it can be handled by not allowing entry. It's distracting and detracts from the dining experience. 

2) As noted, the menu is appropriately priced-nothing extreme. Which again, made me question the real reason for publishing a minimum spend. It seems like it may be to price a profile of customer out that does not meet the brand/ image the establishment is looking to achieve. However, based on our observation- it wasn't working and people have plenty of money to spend (with inappropriate attire and all) to say they have been someplace that's popular. 

Recommendation: find a better way to express whatever message you are trying to get across to your customers. It "cheapens" the establishments brand, especially at $100. 

3) As we were leaving, we decided to get a photo on the steps. Now there is NOTHING special about these steps. It was the only open, lighted area besides the table to memorialize the moment. (The "lobby" was so dark- I thought I was walking through a haunted house until we passed the steps headed to our table). Nonetheless, a gentleman-Tony, graciously reached for our phone to take the photo. Initially, we thought that he was a friendly customer. Nope, he was security. His job was to watch over the stair case and make sure people were not coming in simply for a photo opportunity on the staircase. Again-odd. Nice steps, but in my opinion, nothing to talk about-simply a better lit area. 

Net, the food was good. If we return, we would absolutely request a private booth with the glass enclosure or a small semi private room. We prefer a complete experience to compliment the food. 

Wishing this establishment all the best as it finds its place among a few giants in the city!
I never leave a poor review of a Resturant. I figure they are all trying and can sometimes do better. But this one is one of the worst restaurants in Philadelphia because they have no courtesy to clientele and displayed a horribly sexist attitude when we arrived.  I've lived on the mainline since I was a child, own a large Philadelphia based business and this is something that warrants the city to review. My wife, my 21 year old college daughter and myself made reservations weeks before to eat there after the Academy of Music's Nutcracker performance which we have attended for years. When we arrived they told us the small slits in the sides of my daughter's designer leather (vegan) long pants were inappropriate and we could not enter. I am a big guy so they cowardly did so. But the few people inside with hoodies and tube tops were acceptable. They were just fine at the Academy of Music and that's young girl fashion. And she is a beautiful young lady. I'd choose another of the many restaurants that understand how to treat customers properly. We left after I let them know that was just a terrible sexist policy. The personnel at the Del Frisco Resturant, across the street, were not shocked as they said this happens all the time. We had a fantastic meal there and will go each year. It's a much better choice! They know how to treat people.
We Love, loved the ambiance, food and service. We would like to go back. Seating is limited due to Covid restrictions so reservations are a must.
After constantly hearing about this restaurant (good and bad) over the last few months, I decided to give it a try for my husband's birthday. First off let me say that dining here is an experience. The staff here are very attentive to your needs, knowledgeable about the menu and friendly. When we walked in, the hostess wished my husband a happy birthday, and when we were seated so did our waitress. They also gave him a handwritten birthday card. We were seated in a dimly lit room off the main hallway & the ambiance was incredible. 

The food was delicious as it should be for a high-end steakhouse and the drinks were strong. We had the crispy shrimp and calamari as an appetizer. Get the crispy shrimp!! It was so good, and managed to maintain its crispness despite being covered in sauce. 

Next up for our entrees we ordered the salmon, hubby got a 12 oz steak, and we shared whipped potatoes and corn creme brûlée. The potatoes could've been hotter, they were just warmish when they arrived at our table, and the salmon, while good, was not the absolute best salmon I've had. It was cooked perfectly though. My husband enjoyed a few bites of his steak before being too full to finish. 

Sidenote here-  we valeted our car and they told us to text them 15-20 minutes prior to ending our dinner. We did that thinking we'd have at least 15-20 minutes from that moment to finish up. Not so. The car was ready in like 5 minutes. So we ended up having to rush the check and get our desserts to go. FYI in case anyone else is planning to valet. Make sure to get the timing right. 

My only complaint about the restaurant is the napkins. The standard white napkins got lint ALL OVER my black dress and my husbands navy slacks. The waitress did ask if we wanted black napkins when we were seated and I turned it down. I've never had a problem with white napkins leaving lint all over me at any other restaurant so why would I expect this place to be any different? Well I'm here to warn you that it will leave lint (and I mean a LOT of lint), on your clothing. Get the black napkins if you're wearing dark colored clothing. Also - it would've been a nicer experience if I didn't have to think about reaching a minimum requirement. My husband easily topped $100, but I don't eat as much and really forced myself to order extra things to satisfy the minimum. 

Other than that, everything was amazing. I would definitely come back but only for a special occasion. Buddakan is still my fav!
My hubby kept sharing accounts from others about this spot and I must admit, I was a tad skeptical because sometimes some things are just too good to be true...

We dined here in celebration of our wedding anniversary and the service, presentation and taste of our food was exceptional. We started with chicken fried lobster tails (this sounded crazy to me but the taste was exquisite) and crispy shrimp, which were perfectly crisp and had a nice creole-esque kick. I ordered the Filet Mignon with crab cake oscar, while my hubby ordered crab cakes with a side sweet potato mash and we shared sides of brussel sprouts, praline sweet potato and crab and shrimp mac 'n cheese. Everything was absolutely delightful! For dessert we ordered the crispy banana split - it was pretty good! 

We were totally satisfied with our dining experience from start to finish and were well attended to! I look forward to returning!
First off, let me say WOW! Steak 48 blew me away. Not just the flavor and quality of the food, but the portion sizes, the service, the atmosphere. I feel all 11 of the people in our party felt the same. 

I was in Philadelphia for the weekend for a bachelor party and we had dinner reservations for 11 people at 7:30 pm. At first I was a little nervous about the $100 minimum per guest along with having our own private room in the restaurant for 3 hours I thought it was going to be expensive. I'm not one to spend a lot of money on going out to dinner, but I went in with an open mind. 

We arrived at 7:30 and were seated immediately. The restaurant was busy and I'd assume you'd need reservations for dinner even for smaller parties based on quick glance of pretty much every table being occupied. The inside of the restaurant was surprisingly big and looked like it holds a lot of guests. The lighting was dimmed and romantic. Our waiter thoroughly explained what was already agreed upon in our contract, the menu, the specials, their wine, beer, liquor selections. Any questions I had he was able to answer precisely and in a way that made me feel as if he took pride in helping and educating his guests. 

We ordered 3 family style sides and 3 appetizers for each table. We had 3 tables but were close enough to each other where we were able to converse between our tables. Our party  selected meat balls, calamari, and wagyu tartare as the appetizers. As the sides we ordered asparagus, macaroni and cheese, and mashed potatoes. The portions were enormous. We had 5 fairly large meatballs, an entire plate of fried calamari and generous portion of wagyu tartare and left some of each. The meatballs were the best meatballs I've ever tasted. They had a nice seared crust on the outsides but the insides were tender, juicy, and flavorful. I ate as much as the wagyu tartare as I could as I felt guilty leaving some uneaten but I knew we still had a lot more food on its way. I ordered a bone in filet mignon cooked medium rare. It came out still sizzling on the plate. I know I already said the meatballs were the best I've had, well same with this filet. Hands down the best steak I've ever had. It was cooked perfectly, the most tender piece of meat I've tasted, and was full of flavor. We were barely even able to get into our sides but the Mac and cheese was so good too. 

Like I said earlier, I'm not one to spend money on dinners. The food and experience we had at Steak 48 was so good that I will be back and I will be going on a date here because I was that impressed by the entire experience.
Most overrated restaurant in the city. The chef should be fired. The food is average at best. Complete waste of money. Service was horrendous. I wouldn't return for a free meal. So very disappointing.
I meet up with some friends and celebrated my Birthday dinner here when they first opened! 
The food was excellent and our server made the experience so much fun ! Great ambiance... you can see they invested a lot into this place to make it so beautiful . 
We ordered a ton of food to share, including the seafood tower , lamb chops, the filet mignon cream corn, spinach everything Was amazing! We also enjoyed the Beignet -it had a very cool presentation .
After waiting a month for our reservation our hopes were higher than the clouds, yet we we're completely let down. The atmosphere was great, the service was subpar, the drinks were ok, and the food was the worst part. To begin, we ordered calamari + shrimp and the chicken fried lobster- first bite in it tasted like Popeyes shrimp seasoning.... but at least they had good dipping sauces. For our main course we got the wagyu with a crab cake on top and the petit filet minion with the black truffle peppercorn glaze. The wagyu was terrible. Half of it was mushy and the flavor was ok. For a steak that costs $100 MP it should've came out perfect. The petit filet minion was good but the "glaze" was not at all a glaze it was a dipping sauce and it just felt cheap to see that on my plate. The plate was also messy and it looked like no one had done a final clean up before sending it to my table. The veggies were alright, we got Brussel sprouts and fried asparagus. Finally, the Mac n cheese had velveeta cheese and I feel that a fine dinning establishment should not be serving that kind of "cheese". I'm sure this flavor and creaminess could be achieved with real cheddar cheese and other ingredients. Overall we were so disappointed and maybe we caught them on a bad night, but at $400 a meal there should never be a bad night
My wife and I ate at Steak 48 for the first time yesterday evening. The interior design is fantastic no matter what part of the restaurant you walk through. We especially loved the dining area that faces the kitchen which is enclosed with glass that is so clear you cannot believe that it is actually there. The bar area will be a happening place once the pandemic restrictions have been lifted. We ate upstairs (which has its own bar) at a cozy romantic table. The seating areas are very comfortable although at my age (and perhaps at any age) the lighting was extremely dim. Coleman, a manger, came to our rescue with a light so that we could see the menu which is both extensive and pricey but clearly worth the experience. Coleman also took us on a tour of the different areas of the restaurant which was a treat. Chef Watson paid us a visit and added to our most enjoyable meal with surprise additions to our appetizer, entrees and a desert that was out of this world. The food, the ambiance and the service made for a most enjoyable evening. Everyone from the wait people to the bus people to the servers delivering the food was polite and attentive. The music added a nice touch to what was a wonderful dining experience although I would have preferred some soft jazz myself. We are looking forward to returning and eating in the area where you can see the kitchen. I have not given Steak 48 a five star rating only because in my mind, nothing is perfect.
I have been looking forward to this dinner for awhile. They had a pretty good mix between steak and seafood. Highlights of the meal would be the corn creme brulee, shrimp deviled eggs and awesome crispy banana split, which probably was my favorite dessert of all time. Also ordered a filet with that black truffle lobster on top, only way to do it. Also a shoutout to the crab and lobster mac and cheese which I missed a pick of. Overall I really enjoyed the meal here and would definitely be coming back.
I've been to the Houston location many times so I knew what to expect. So it's hands down a gorgeous space. Service was great from valet, door man, hostess and my server! I had a good conversation with the Beverage manager who came to the table when I asked if the wine somm was available. Although he was extremely nice but I felt short changed when it came to help choosing a wine so I just went with a few bottles I knew. 

The food hmmm, it's was good I would say slightly above average and at the price I would hope it was firing on all cylinders. The consensus at my table was I cook better than this next time we just stay home. We ordered a bunch of stuff, fried lobster, sautéed shrimp app, calamari to start. The calamari was good if I went again I would order it. The fried lobster tail and shrimp app were lacking flavor. I added on scallops to my seared tuna main it's missed in execution with temperature and flavor for the tuna ans the scallops were blan we had a bunch of sides but the stand out was the corn dish. It's sweet but good. I forgot what we had for dessert it was that flat. I'm on the fence of going again. Maybe I will just to see if there is any improvement on the food.
Steak 48 ! Charges almost $30 for Valet Parking and when your done you have to wait like 25 mins just to get your car back ! Staff is rude
Steakhouses are a thing of the past. There's 1 or 2 good ones i the area but this doesn't rank in the top 5. We ordered 2 steaks medium and they came out rare. They apologized, somewhat fixed the situation and assured us dessert would be on the house. We never got the dessert but we did get a bill with gratuity included (4 top) so that tells you all you need to know about their clientele. One and done for us.
Just getting around to writing this review but apparently this is the Steakhouse only for the elites lol. I came here on Wednesday night around 7:30 with a reservation and was denied access because of my wearing sweat pants. I forgot that people who wear jeans have greener money over those who wear sweat pants. The fact that I wasn't told of a dress code over my email confirmation when I made the reservation OR that when I did look it up myself it mentioned nothing about sweats. Who knows if that was the actual reason or if it was because I'm a white girl with red microbraids, will we ever know?, probably not, but spend your money else where. I go out to dinner every night, 365 days a year and have never had an issue wearing my sweat pants or pajamas anywhere, including but not limited to Barclay Prime, Davios, Saloon, Flemings, The Capital Grille or Del Friscos. This place is garbage and anyone and everyone I know will hear about them and there discriminating bullshit.
I've heard nothing but amazing things about Steak 48 and couldn't wait to check it out. Randomly, a reservation opened up Saturday night on opentable and we made our way there!

First of all, the place is absolutely gorgeous. You are greeted by the friendliest staff. There are a serious number of people here, which is shocking in our current environment, but it truly makes for a great dining experience. I eat out a lot, and go to restaurants all over the world and the level of service I received here, is honestly unmatched. The best service hands down. From the hostess, Nadia, our server, Porshia, and helper Dan just amazing! They even escorted us to the bathroom - and not in an annoying/stuffy way. 

Old fashioned lovers - they have about FOUR variations on the menu! I ordered the orange one. SO GOOD.

Ok so the food. I'm pescatarian. They give you complimentary warm bread. We ordered with oysters as a starter - delicious! It comes with a variety, house made of mustard, vignette, cocktail sauce, and horse radish. Also comes with little Tabasco's. We ordered the avocado and crab appetizer and didn't love it. 

We ordered the crab cakes - comes with 2 full sized crab cakes - they were so flavorful and lumpy! We also ordered a side of mac and cheese and the corn creme brulee. Mac and cheese could be creamier and cheesier, we thought it was a little dry. GET THE CORN. It's exactly how it sounds. Top layer of hardened sugar. Def on the sweet side but omg it is comfort food for sure and so perfect and cozy for the winter.

We had to get the beignet tree. So cute and tasty! We were so full and happy leaving. We sat in the kitchen area, which was cool, we were able to see the raw bar and kitchen cooking. I will totally be back to dine in the lounge area.
Best dining experience.

Customer service. Before we got to the door, security already had the doors opened for us. The front desk were able to get us in a private booth. One side was clear glass, where we were able to see the chefs cooking.

Staff. Everyone were friendly and very attentive. Our server was knowledgeable about the food and drinks. Always quickly refilled our water when it was low.

Food. I ordered the Australian wagyu filet which was delicious. Cut through like butter and was tender. My wife ordered Chilean sea bass with a crab cake. The crab cake was topped off with hollandaise sauce. The seafood were also good.

Dress code. The website states that business casual is good. Just as long as you do not wear any hats, excessively revealing clothing or workout attire.

Parking. We did valet and it was $31. Request your vehicle 5 minutes before you are done. They are fast.

Minimum spending. I know there is a $100 per person food and beverage minimum, but you will easily spend that on just beverages.
Beautiful restaurant with great service but not worth the prices. The food was below average. Shrimp were tough and overcooked.  They bring the steaks out on "500 degree plates". Completely unnecessary, the hot oil was spritzing off the plates and burned us. The sides were disappointing. We had the Brussels sprouts and their scalloped potatoes. My dates steak was severely undercooked. Our server was great and could tell we weren't pleased so the manager came over who was also very nice. The music was super loud and random, didn't match the atmosphere. The manager was nice enough to turn the volume down. Overall I wasn't impressed and won't be returning. There are much better restaurants in Philly to choose from. I recommend Butcher & Singer if you're looking for a steakhouse. Their food and ambiance is far superior to Steak 48.
My husband and I recently dined in at Steak48. We enjoyed our food and our server Molly was excellent. I enjoyed the ambiance of the restaurant and all of the staff was very nice and professional. However, both my husband and I got sick that night with symptoms that included vomiting, etc. I contacted the restaurant to let them know about our illness and was told someone would be in contact. No one reached out and that was very disappointing. I was very disappointed to spend $300+ on food that made me sick.
The food is really fantastic and the ambiance is even better. The only thing I must say the customer service is not good at all.  I called a fee times asking for a manager to call me back and still I havent gotten a callback.  Good customer service is very important you must have the total package to be outstanding restaurant.  Your time and concern is greatly appreciated!!
4 1/2 stars
We went to Steak 48 for my husband's birthday.  The service hands down was 5 star from the time we entered to the time we left.  Our server Garfield was fabulous. He even surprised my husband with a birthday dessert. Everyone we encountered was extremely helpful and pleasant.  
Appetizers - the pork belly was tender, sweet and spicy, crispy shrimp with thai sauce was good, the meatballs were huge, 4 to an order and cooked to perfection. We also had oysters with 4 sauces- extremely fresh. My favorite hands down.  Steer clear of the fried deviled eggs, they were terrible and tasted like a fried boiled egg. 
Food- The pair of crab cakes were all crab meat, seasoned and broiled, the rib eye was juicy and seasoned well, and the au gratin potatoes were tasty.  The brussel sprouts were just ok, to much butter and not enough contrast but nice pieces of fresh bacon. 
Dessert- the sorbet was rich and smooth(blood orange, mango, raspberry), the warm vanilla cake with ice cream was a table favorite.  
Overall, it was a great night.  We will be definitely be back again.
Ate here when the restaurant opened a few weeks back. The service was incredible from the entire staff (hostess, server, managers). They truly went above and beyond to make it the best experience possible. The interior of the restaurant looks incredible, and definitely sets the tone for the quality of the food and service you will receive. 

In regards to dinner, we ordered a seafood tower, ahi poke, crab stuffed sole, and a surf and turf with sautéed shrimp and filet. Everything was cooked perfectly, and the seafood was fresh and tasted great. 

Our server was incredible (Porsche). Very knowledgable of the menu, offered great recommendations (food and wine), and definitely made sure we had an amazing dining experience. She was so friendly and attentive, which complimented the amazing food perfectly.

Could not recommend this restaurant more. Top notch experience and service, and we'll definitely be back.
This place is overrated! Came with a party of 17. They limited us to a set menu because we had a large party because the kitchen could not accommodate us. When asked if I could order ONE appetizer off of the pre-set menu they told me No but I didn't understand why if they handed me the menu with all of the options. If we were not allowed to order then why give me a menu with options? When I kept inquiring about it, apparently the "District Manager" was not pleased with it. I went to the ladies room with a group of ladies when I came out the District Manager asked me to leave the premises because he said he observed my behavior and had complaints from other tables of us in the restroom. Not sure how he was able to single me out as the person In the restroom but he said it was me. I wasn't going to argue because I'm sure he was just tryin to make a statement since I said some about the menu and not being able to order from the menu. There was four of us in the restaurant...how can they determined it was me?...in the restroom! It's okay. I paid and I left. My point is that this place is overrated. The managers (men) could not handle constructive criticism from a women and wanted to make a statement by escorting me out. If I'm paying thousands of dollar for dinner, please don't tell me what I can and can't eat. It's overrated because of social media. As a working class citizen with money to pay for such establishment, I will NEVER recommend a restaurant with no customer service and does not accommodate paying clients. I felt like if I was a celebrity or if I wasn't brown skin I would have been accommodated and this would have ended differently. Maybe even a 5 stars rating on yelp.
This place really runs the customers and tells customers what they need to do. It's not accommodating at all!!!
What a perfect place to celebrate birthdays! 

The Alaskan King Crab & Rock Shrimp Mac & Cheese and the Crispy Shrimp made for perfect appetizers. The mac & cheese was soooooo creamy, and the restaurant did not skimp on the seafood! The Crispy Shrimp just melted in our mouths because it was that good!

I asked for Filet Mignon cooked medium rare, and they did just that. The meat was soooooo juicy, tender, and flavorful! There have been so many times that a medium rare steak elsewhere would come out medium to medium well, but Steak 48 did not disappoint! Creamed spinach and Brussels sprouts were the perfect sides to accompany the steak. 

To make the evening even better, the desserts, cocktails, and service were impeccable. I love the setup of the restaurant - fancy, wide booths with a very modern, elegant decor. Absolutely can't wait to return for many more steaks in the future!
Everything was great. The service, the Valet, the ambiance, and most importantly the food. I went here for my birthday and I was impressed. They gave me a birthday card once I was seated. My dessert was on the house. They even called me the next day to thank me for choosing their restaurant. I would definitely go back.
I decor was nice and the food was good as you would expect from a high end steakhouse. I just didn't understand the strict dress code and $100 minimum requirement. I'm not aware of any other high end restaurant doing this. Their purpose of having these restrictions are to purely weed out undesirable customers, in my opinion. Although I appreciated the quality of their steak, they had very poor management skills. 
I was there with a large party and they told us ahead of time we had to order from a prefix menu because the kitchen cannot accommodate our party size, which was fine. The problem came when they handed us the full menu with all the options available for our choosing. When one of our guest asked for an appetizer that was not preselected for our party they told she couldn't order it. First of all, why give us the full menu if we couldn't order from it. Secondly, when she asked for the manager to explain the result, they couldn't give us a satisfying answer. Instead of graciously acknowledging our constructive criticism the manager came saying it's Corp policy and there's nothing he can do about it. So that incident was over, but about 10 minutes later another manager came over and said she had to leave. They claim she was being disruptive to the other guests by being loud earlier in the bathroom with 3 other women. How was she singled out from the other women with her in the bathroom, were they expert in voice recognition?

The only reason why they removed her was because the manager's ego was hurt by a strong women who had a simple question that he couldn't answer and they used that moment as weak excuse. 

Management poorly handled the situation, but our server Drew was amazing, hence the 2 stars! I would recommend Barclay Prime over this place.
My new favorite restaurant In Philadelphia. First I must say the staff are amazing. They greet and compliment you as soon as you walk in the door. We were given a tour of the restaurant and the ambiance is to die for. The food was made to perfection. There is nothing bad I can say about this restaurant. Our waitress was very attentive and outgoing. The restaurant also practiced great social distancing. I highly recommend this restaurant.
Service was great,  but our food,  overall,  was underwhelming for the price.  I got the 12oz bone-in filet, it was cooked almost perfectly, but lacked flavor.   I should have gotten a sauce,  but I didn't think I'd need one.   My wife got the 8oz wagyu, which was great.   I would get that next time.  The crab and shrimp mac and cheese for $34 was the biggest disappointment. I like my mac and cheese to have some sharp cheese in it for some zing.  It was very boring.  The crab and shrimp in it was good,  but there could've been a little more.  The warm vanilla cake was good and the peanut butter pie was okay.  I'd go back, but I'd have to get the wagyu and skip the Mac and cheese.
We would love to give this place more stars, it was fantastic!  The royal welcome was a great start. We had exceptional service - big shout out to our waiter Nick who impressively knew the whole menu by hard and gave us amazing recommendations! Two of the managers came over to introduce themselves and to make sure that we had what we need, which was impressive. 
The ambience was very beautiful, opulent yet comfortable. The food was outstanding.  We ordered many things amongst the 4 of us and were very pleased.  Wagyu steak was out of this world.  I also really liked the deviled eggs appetizer.  
Will be coming back and will keep in mind for very special occasions.
I finally got a reservation for this place and was excited to try as everyone is hyping it and I was disappointed. The food was good but the ambiance ruined it. We were sat in a dark, small room. It was hot and claustrophobic. The service was great but I couldn't look passed the ambiance. The dress code and minimum is needed imo. What was so special about a white marble staircase that there's a line of people just to take pictures on it?
A great dinner spot before the concert. This place blew me away. From the atmosphere to the food. In the heart of the city but once you walked in you forgot you were in Philly. The valet was very useful and easy. We had a great waiter in the beginning, he was charming, friendly and really helpful in making drink and appetizer selection. I highly recommend this restaurant.
The food was so delicious . The wait time for the food wasn't long at all. I had the rack of lamb , with the shrimp & lobster Mac & cheese and Brussels sprouts . Everything was really good , the lamb was a tad bit salty but the manager handled it and got me some new ones with minimal salt and it was way better ! Dessert ommgggg delishhhh. I will definitely be back :)
From start to finish, and even after, excellent service. I went with a group of 4 and received a very welcoming and personal touch at the host's desk. They inquired about my nationality and even spoke a few words of that language which was a nice surprise. We viewed the entire restaurant on our way to our seats and the place is immaculate. Upon sitting down we were greeted by our team of servers who gave great recommendations. The food, wine, and atmosphere was everything you expect from a top level steakhouse, which matches with the best in Philly. Although it wasn't the best steak I've ever had (they wet age instead of dry age - personal preference), the sides were some of the best. Little touches like a warm lavender towel at the end of the meal made this place memorable. To top it off, they left a voicemail the next day just thanking us for coming and hoping the evening was enjoyable. I never write reviews unless I'm wowed. This place certainly did that.
Wow. Wow. Wow. What an amazing dining experience! First, the place is stunning and HUGe! I got a tour of the restaurant after my meal and it goes on and on. The bar downstairs is absolutely breathtaking. I got the pleasure of eating at the smaller more intimate bar area upstairs and service from Joshua was top notch. I started with crab and avocado stack per his recommendation and it was so flavorful. The wagyu filet was tender and delicious and the creamed spinach was the best I've ever had. The provide very generous wine pours which is a + in my book! Finally, I had the beignets which were off menu and the presentation was phenomenal.  With all the steakhouses in town, the service is really what sets them apart, and why I already made a second reservation!
Incredible food, service and atmosphere.  What a 5 star steak house should be!!!  

The wine and drink menu are spectacular as well.  I recommend the crab and avocado stack as an app.   Also any steak on the menu.  Have had all of them.  Favorite sides are the corn creme brulee and the crab Mac n Cheese.  All off the charts.
The food and drinks are great, but for an upscale restaurant, that's the bare minimum. We made the reservations to celebrate our fifth wedding anniversary. After sitting at the bar while we waited for our table (we got there early after seeing a show and didn't mind waiting at the bar), one of the hostesses let us know our table was ready. When we got to the second floor, we all realized that the table that she was taking us to was occupied  (by people the upstairs bartender said could sit there). After waiting for the manager, she surprisingly didn't make the people who clearly didn't have a reservation move (and attempted to seat us at the upstairs bar which we declined). She let it slide and seated us back down stairs. 

Our server took our order, then came back 20 minutes later to take it again because she "lost the ticket". I can understand that, a Saturday night can get busy.

My issue is really how the seating situation was handled.
Loved it here! Will be returning. Everything, and I do mean everything was delicious! Great ambience as well.
I went for my birthday celebration and from the time I walked in to when I exited the premises I was treated like royalty. It felt like EVERY employee from the Manager to waitstaff and bartenders knew it was my birthday and went out of their way to make it special. The food and wine list was phenomenal and the decor was top notch. Flowers golore, attentive staff and a music playlist that was out of this world. I cannot wait to go back!! I highly recommend the crispy shrimp appetizer, the best I have ever had and the crab cakes which had NO filler. My friends both had steaks and there wasn't a thing left on the plates. Drew, our server was the best, as well as Nino, Hector and Javier kept our glasses full and hearts happy. The entire staff was just incredible. A truly wonderful place to spend the evening, I cannot recommend it enough.
My wife and I enjoyed wonderful anniversary dinners with our best friends.  The service from start to finish was off the charts.  The employees were all gracious and professional.  For an opening, it was surprising how well trained and efficient the Steak48 team was.  The food was spectacular.  We started with salads that were prepared perfectly.  The appetizers were also very good.    I have been to many steak houses, but I have never experienced a steak cooked so perfectly.  It was an enjoyable experience from start to finish.  The "Whole Product" as created by the restaurant's ownership is an experience that everyone should have the opportunity to enjoy.  I can't wait to go back...
First of all the place is beautiful on the interior and the service is top notch. Security, doormen and the host staff are all amazing.

At your table the server is accompanied by a team of experts to make your dining experience amazing.

The sides were great and so was the appetizers, the steak was solid yet unspectacular. Could have been better on the steak, as something was just off with it.
We went on a double date last night because we've heard so many great things about this restaurant. From the moment we got there, we were treated like royalty. We walked in and the hostess was so wonderful, she talked up our server McClain and said he was amazing, and was absolutely right about it. The drinks were SPECTACULAR (my favorite was the Paloma with the mezcal, SO good). We ordered the oysters and the beef tartar as appetizers (delicious), and we each ordered petite filet with a couple of sides to try them out. 

The steak was OUT OF CONTROL: my boyfriend and I are big foodies and I don't think we've ever tried a steak that was cooked so perfectly, and had this amazing flavor. The plate was sizzling at how hot it was. Our server was constantly checking up on us to make sure we had drinks, and our napkins would get replaced every time one of us would get up to go to the bathroom. 

We ordered the mac n cheese, the truffle fries and the roasted asparagus as sides, and they were amazing. 

The ambiance was very beautiful and elegant, so it's a great spot for any special occasion. Also, did I mention they called us the next day to follow up on how our experience was??
My friend and i picked this place for our impromptu dinner on a Tuesday night; rsvp was a breeze. They do require tour credit card info, so if you canceled you will be charged $50.

The decor was nice and elegant, dark, but elegant. Our waiter was knowledgeable with the menu which was a plus.

Appetizer: we ordered braised pork belly. Good, but nothing out of the ordinary. The meat was juicy on top of steamed spinach to balance out the sweetness.

Entree: Ordered bone-in ribeye. Good, but too salty for me. My friend ordered NY Strip and honestly Im not a fan- too tough. We also ordered Brussel Sprouts and Au Gratin. The au gratin was once again too salty. Both my friend and I like flavor in our food so when we say something is too this or that, we're not making it up

Dessert: The winner out of all. Im still dreaming about that crispy warm banana mixed with that caramel gelato  this is a must. 

Overall, its a nice experience and be ready to spend some money. They said $100/person? We almost doubled that per person. Impromptu dinner ‍
What. A. Meal!! Place is absolutely gorgeous, service was great, and the food was incredible. The steak was perfectly cooked along with the amazing steaming hot plate it came on!! Can't wait to go back.
This steakhouse looks good but it's a total ripoff. I took some students from the local university there and they sprung on me after we ordered and got food that there was a $100 minimum. These were girls who could not eat a full steak. They enforced it despite informing me so late. Del Fresco's and McCormicks are down the street, just as good and have no minimums. Avoid this place like the plague. The food is just like every other steakhouse. Nothing special, except highway robbery.
Wow this restaurant customer service is first class , from the valet to the waiters we had yes waiters lol , from handing out warm rags after every serving to the friendly staff it was truly a dinning experience..

Appetizers : We had the shrimp devil eggs in the fried lobster tails were delicious . 

Drinks : we had a few 1942 margaritas which were awesome and definitely gave us a buzz $40 a drink tho 

Dinner : came out on 500° plates and looked very good only take away was the  fillet was very tough made us question was it even fillet mignon super tough we didn't understand it , other than that the macaroni and cheese was good and The brussels sprouts were really good ..

Price : $440 we I tipped $120 

Atmosphere was really nice
We decided to give this place a try after hearing some pretty mixed reviews on it. They say there are rules one must follow, $100 min per person, and restrictions on clothing, but there were guys in sneakers so they must not follow it. The atmosphere was interesting. For such a large place, they sat everyone in one small section. The music was so loud and it was all over the place. Country, Bruno Mars, 70s, 60s, classic rock. We had actually asked them to turn it down because it was so loud and everyone was trying to talk over each other. For a starter we had the sautéed shrimp. They were so over cooked,l and hard you couldn't enjoy them (although the sauce was good). We both got steak for our main dish (strip and a filet). They come out on 500 degree plates and the grease is splattering EVERYWHERE (do NOT wear white). It was even splattering our arms which was uncomfortable. I ordered my steak medium which to my surprise (especially being on a 500 degree plate) was so rare, the middle wasn't even warmed. The filet did come out nice though. Not too much to rave about for being a steakhouse.. The only reason this review is getting 2 stars is because our waitress was the nicest! We didn't order dessert because we did not want to be disappointed, but she delivered one anyone (it was probably the best part of the meal, that and the drink was pretty good!)
The service is top notch. The decor is absolutely amazing, and loved the music selection playing while dining. 
Started off with a watered down margarita, bleh.
Appetizers, crispy shrimp was good, but a little soggy , although the flavor along with a generous portion made up for it. Also had the calamari and shrimp, which was decent. Really liked the choice of 3 dipping sauces, but lacked on the cherry peppers (4 slices doesn't cut it)
Sides, Brussels sprouts were pretty good, and the baked truffle potato was really tasty.
Entre, wife had the crab cakes. They were good but nothing to flip over. I had the 22oz ribeye with truffle butter.....here's where my high went away. Serving a medium cooked steak on a 500 degree plate doesn't work!! It was cooked well done about halfway through trying to eat it because it was so hot!! It shouldn't arrive at the table sounding like I just ordered a fajita! Replace the hot plate with a warm one!
Didn't have dessert because nothing really jumped out at me.
The worst dining experience I've ever had. Let me just say my server and my waiter were awesome. But they are only a part of the restaurant experience our food service was average. But the problem came in when we left to retrieve our car from the valet. During our stay the valet lost the keys to our car. After about a fifteen minute search we discovered that the keys were left in the car under the seat. Another valet attendant then proceeded to back into my car with another customers vehicle. I leaned on the horn and attempt to get his attention to keep him from hitting , In my car the sensor on the front of my car was going crazy and the car's brakes locked up anticipating a collision . The Valle attendant got out of the car and threatened to kill me after I told him to move the car so I could leave his specific's words was he was going to shoot me. At which point I ask for someone to call the police. At that point he said that now he was going to assault me. There was a manager outside and other valet attendant had to step in to control the very irate valet attendant. I think for a $700 plus bill and the $35 to park the car plus I left a tip on my credit card. This is not the way to treat any customer under any circumstances.
What an Experience!!!!!! If there was an option for 6 stars, they would easily exceed that. The food was AMAZING but more importantly, the service was UNREAL! It was my birthday and my boyfriend made a reservation here because steak is my favorite. We drove up from Baltimore and as soon as we arrived, they sat us immediately in a quaint booth and I was handed a handwritten birthday card from the staff. VERY NICE TOUCH!!! Our server was Everton who was an expert in hospitality!!! He knew the menu like the back of his hand. He explained the cocktails, food, different cuts and best temperatures to have your steak prepared. I ordered the heirloom tomatoes as an appetizer and although it's a simple dish, they were absolutely delicious!!! My boyfriend had the shrimp and calamari and they were GOOD!!!! For his main course he ordered the rack of lamb and they were cooked to perfection!!!! I ordered the butcher's cut Wagu. Man oh Man!!!!! They couldn't have done a better job at the seasoning and temperature. We were stuffed but couldn't resist the Crispy banana split!!!!! What an excellent rendition of a banana split. 
Just when we thought we had the best dinner the next day, we received a phone call at noon from a Representative from Steak 48 asking how our experience was. That is what you call EXEMPLARY CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! If you are on the fence about a 6 star restaurant for a special occasion, MAKE THE RESERVATION!!!!!
Awesome service start to finish, beautiful ambiance and delicious food made my trip to Steak 48 memorable. Came here for an early dinner on 4/18 and as appetizers we had the crispy shrimp deviled eggs which were to die for and the king crab avocado stack which was so fresh and flavorful. I got the bone in rib-eye which cooked perfectly medium rare. The sides were amazing and shareable too. The au gratin potatoes were fantastic and the creamed spinach was yummy. Lucked up on street parking but they have valet. Will most definitely be back and highly recommend.
Before writing this review, I decided to give this restaurant a second try. I initially had birthday dinner reservations with my husband and decided to make reservations with my friend to enjoy the girls night b-day dinner. The service here is spectacular! Valet is $26 and there are gentlemen at the door waiting to greet and open for you. Upon being seated, I was handed a handwritten birthday card. The first dinner, I ordered the bone-in ribeye, creme brûlée corn and brussel sprouts. The first steak was incredibly over cooked. I received a second steak that I didn't want to complain about, but it was over cooked as well, but not charred like the first one. I prefer my own brussel sprouts so I would not order those again. The creme brûlée corn was delicious. You may be asking why I give this place 5 stars and my first experience was 3 stars if I based it on food alone. The service here and attention to detail is exceptional! I have a friend who is a chef and he loves this place. I asked him to share what he orders here and I have to say, is give my second visit 10 stars if I could. I was wearing all black and was offered a black napkin so that the white napkins would not leave lint on my clothes. I ordered the crispy shrimp deviled eggs again because they are delicious. They are garnished with a Parmesan crisp. If you are familiar, you know these are awesome alone, but are perfect with the egg and shrimp. The peach ginger bourbon drink is awesome!! I really wish they would consider opening the bar for happy hour reservations post-pandemic. I would stop ok for this drink and a couple of appetizers a regular basis. I'm convinced that the au gratin potatoes have drugs buried inside. They are beyond delicious! The fried lobster is good and the sauce with chives pairs well. The warm vanilla cake is delicious as well and I'm a savory person, rather than sweet. Both times I record a voicemail thanking me for choosing to dine with them.
Just had the best dining experience here!
Beautiful space, amazing broad menu and the food was really delicious. So many options to try next time.
But what made this experience so special was our server, Leina. She is so professional, funny and charming. She made us feel so welcome and cared for throughout the whole experience. 
Everyone we encountered was friendly, professional and made this dining experience one of best. But when we go back, we will definitely ask for Leina.
Food is just as good at any other high end steakhouse, but double the price for some wack "experience".  Too many rules with reservations and dining for no reason.  Our server Drew was exceptional but I'll stick with Ruth Chris over this establishment.
This restaurant is AMAZING. My friends and I went here to celebrate my friends birthday & everything was perfect. Before we arrived the general manager wrote a birthday note for my friend she loved it! The service is 10/10, the food was 10/10, the vibe 10/10! The inside of the restaurant is so nice and elegant. I will definitely DEFINITELY be back. My favorite restaurant so far in Philly
I want to start off by saying this was the best restaurant experience my husband and I ever had. The moment we arrived the door was opened up for us by the extremely pleasant and friendly staff. We were immediately seated and catered to as if we where royalty. The atmosphere of the dinning area set a nice tranquil setting. The food spoke for itself. Everything was placed so perfectly and tasted delightful. We made our first visit on our 1 year anniversary which was 08/08/21 and came back the week of 08/23/21. Both times we went to this place we received the exact same service. At one point when we did run into a long wait for our appetizer the waitress apologized and offered a free desert on the house.  It was a delicious warm caramel cake fresh out the oven still hot. The Carmel just melted in your mouth. If you have not tried this restaurant you need to.
5star everything. The food was phenomenal - some of the best scallops ever. So fresh. Biggest freshest colossal shrimp I've ever had. Sides were phenomenal appetizers were phenomenal- the beignet tree for desserts Gould not be missed! Loved the decor and the service was excellent! Our booth by the open kitchen window felt like the best seat in the house! One of my favorite Philly restaurant experiences for sure. Looking forward to the next special occasion there.
Our experience started off great! The hostess was warm and welcoming, the wait staff worked as a team and everyone was pleasant. 

The food was amazing from the bread, appetizers, to the entree. The only problem we experienced during this outing was that my husband had a dent in his car when valet bought our car back. I'm sure the parking lots used are very tight so, this issue put a damper on the overall experience. But the food will not disappoint. It's a little pricey but it's worth the experience.
Very expensive.  Food was good, but felt pressured to order more than we could possibly eat.  Brought half home.  Everything was very rich.  Put it all in the freezer and it all reheated well.
OMG.  Fantastic evening. Visited on a Friday night. From the valet to the host to the servers this was a well oiled machine.  All of the staff was incredibly attentive and eager to please.  Our party of 5 sampled cocktails and a varied list of raw and warm appetizers including salads. Everything was delicious. For dinner most of our group had steak with several (topper) options. Again...delicious and expertly cooked. Several different sides were tasty, but pushed us dangerously close to over-stuffed.  Not wanting to miss anything...we had coffee and a couple of shared desserts.  The meal ended with some yummy chocolate chip cookies. Thankfully...they were wafer thin. Great experience from start to finish. Make a reservation and go try this joint.
Very overrated , absolutely it worth the money, I'm talking the service is horrible. Food is great , SERVICE is BAD I hope management sees this , rude staff
