So I really wanted to like this place. Nice, open atmosphere. Freshly baked scones with delicious clotted cream and the Americano was superb - all at a reasonable price. AND they accept credit cards with a reliable wifi! As a grad student who gets the most work done at cafes early in the mornings, Steap and Grind appeared to be an awesome find.

I came here around 8am on a weekday to get some work done. There was no one at the counter, but I saw that there was one patron sitting and getting some work done so I thought the barista must have just gone to the bathroom or something. 

Eventually, he came out (I waited probably about 5 minutes), took my order. Mediocre service - definitely not anywhere near rude, but mediocre. My multiple "thank yous" were returned with no response. But I am not the type to be picky about mediocre service - and the scone and coffee were enough for me to forget about the mediocre service.

I plopped down to do some work, and this is where things got a little funny for me. I saw that the same barista who had given me mediocre service was giving SUPERB service to everyone who walked in the door. I heard him say multiple times - "No, thank YOU" to customers' "thank yous." I sat there for 2 hours to do work, and he made sure to go out of his way to say "Thank you" and "Goodbye" and "have a good one!" to everyone who left the cafe.

Again, something small I noticed, but shrugged off. It's not that big of a deal. Maybe he just needed time to wake up.

About an hour and a half into my work, the same barista came around and asked everyone around me if he could take their plate but blatantly skipped me. My plate was empty. He asked if he could take the plate to the customer next to me who still had some of her pastry left. And then he went onto ask the customer on the other side of me. I was preparing to give him my plate had he not skipped me. At this point, I felt like there was some sort of discrimination in his service, but again, maybe it's just coincidence.

I put my plate and coffee cup away - he looked up to see me pack up and get up - and then walked out the door to no "have a good day" or "good bye" or "thank you". I had sat there for 2 hours listening to him be overly chipper and friendly to everyone else.

Seriously, this doesn't sound like the biggest deal (and it really isn't). I am ok with mediocre service as long as the mediocre service is equal. 

I really dislike it when people play the race card but it is true that I was the only minority customer who had walked in the time frame that I was sitting in the cafe.

Other plausible explanations for his discriminatory behavior toward me:
- I probably looked the youngest out of everyone else there (although I probably wasn't)
- Maybe I looked like his ex-girlfriend?
- Maybe I reminded him of a customer who gave him a hard time
- Maybe he doesn't like people wearing blue skirts (I was the only one in a blue skirt)

Regardless. It left a bad taste in my mouth, which is a shame because the scone and the coffee left my taste buds wanting for more. It is very plausible that today was just an off-day. But my experience there was uncomfortable enough that I will be taking my business elsewhere.
Steap and Grind first had me with its intricate ironwork gates with butterflies and fish. But as I entered within I discovered a caffeinated utopia of incredible coffees and loose leaf teas from around the world.

With all of the La Colombe, Saxby's, Counter Culture, and other well known brands of beans grinding throughout Philly its refreshing to see a coffeehouse using beans from a newer solid brand like Gimme Coffee. And whether you go drip, french press, or go fancy with an Americano or cafe au lait, it leads to some pretty refreshing coffees and espressos.  But with the amount of loose leaf tea houses depleting more and more in Philly I was especially sold on seeing a solid varieties from around the globe. And all of that oolong, green, and herbal teas can be picked up by the cup or in 2 or 4 oz bags.

Caffeine isn't the only thing that delivers a win for a solid coffeehouse. And Steap & Grind also wins for being pretty large and providing plenty of good spots to read and work in. It also makes some pretty amazing sandwiches like the Melter Skelter with fig spread, and sharp cheddar melted on multi-grain bread (and with the option of adding prosciutto if you need that meat!).Add in plenty of baked goods and homemade scones and you have a win!
(to the tune of "Walking in My Sleep" by Andrew McMahon)

Steap, steap
Love the moment I walk into Steap

Found... on the corner.
I didn't even know what was inside
Then, moved to Fishtown
And now I'm thrilled to call this spot mine
See the teas in all the flavors

I keep going back there
to the cozy shop where
I can get some tea, my favorite, Steap.
I'll never stop loving
The baked goods from the oven
Gotta get my hands on all at Steap.
(go to Steap, Steeeeap... 
I keep finding myself back at Steap).

My favorite place to pick up loose tea, my favorite place to grab a cup of coffee / tea latte with pals, and my just the best friendliest staff around. Price point is fair, the quality is off the charts, the wifi is strong, and the puppies are ALLOWED!
What the heck, Yelp!?. Bad reviews based on decor!? Fuck that. I just want some tasty as fuck coffee. And I don't want that shit La Colombe this stupid town passes off as good coffee. It's not. It's fucking gross. Stop drinking it like its awesome. 

This place has tasty fucking coffee. Coffee from Gimme! roasters in NY. That, right there, entitles them to 4 stars right off the bat. Plus they've invested in the mack-daddy of espresso machines, a La Marzocco! Who loves espresso? I do!

What? You don't like coffee? They have tea! They have a lot of fucking tea. Now I don't care about tea. But if the tea is as good as their coffee, then it's probably fucking delicious. (NINJA EDIT: THEIR TEA IS FUCKING AWESOME!)

My only critique is that they don't seem to offer single origin or pour-over coffee.

Now about this decor that seems to be generating so much hate. WHO CARES!? It's nice. It's relaxing. It's comfortable. It's spacious. It's not pretentious. The baristas are friendly and helpful.

All around its a top notch cafe.
The exterior of Steap and Grind looks enticing. It is well designed with a refined rustic esthetic and it is very well positioned with a corner lot adjacent to a refreshing park/ All of this excites you to see the interior. I was anticipating a similar look, of course, with all of the good vibes that come along with it, but the inside looks like an airport with stock countertops, tile work, and colors - think... newly built student housing on a college campus. Not appealing. 

My lattee was not properly made, in my opinion, as it was out of balance - essentially hot milk with a hint of espresso. If I asked for a cortado, the "barista" would of asked me how to make that. 

The best thing about this place is the location along with the designs painted on the exterior, but everything on the inside disappoints. In 2013, you can't source reputable roasters, hire a graphic designer, and pray. You've got to do more.
Stopped into Steap and Grind for a quick lunch and was very impressed  - in a quiet low key kind of way :)   My friend and I each ordered different sandwiches so we could swap halves and share:  The Classic-a grilled cheese/tomato slice of heaven and The Ruggie- a grilled PB&J with crunchy peanut butter and a choice of several different Jams.  Both delicious and washed down with mint ice tea.  There is a quiet dine-in area with free wifi.  If you are in the mood for a picnic, then get it to go and eat in the quiet, shady pocket park next door.   Definitely a find.
Stopped by for an Americano and a quick bite to eat early on a Wednesday.  I always want to support small coffee shops, but most in the area are too hip to take credit cards or open before 7am. The guy behind the counter took my order, with his Dunkin Donuts iced coffee on the counter...not a good sign. They use an iPad for their POS system, and it wasn't working properly. I called ahead to make sure they took credit cards, yet when I arrived their credit card system was down. Not a big deal, as I'm sure they just didn't know at the time. Eventually I had to pay cash for my order, which took quite sometime to finish.

Also, apparently they have to run into a separate back room to prepare a bagel with cream cheese. I only saw three listed bagels on their little board, poppy seed, something else, and salt.  I ordered the salt bagel with vegetable cream cheese. The Americano was just ok, and the bagel was bad; it was like the texture of a stale soft pretzel.  I don't think I've ever disliked a bagel more than this particular bagel...maybe it was just a bad bagel day.

I may give them another chance, but I was a little put off by the lack of sympathy and concern for me, the customer, as I waited around for 10 minutes just to pay cash.  They seemed rather unapologetic and lethargic in dealing with the payment issue; thank goodness they didn't have a line of people.  My last tip is for the "barista", you literally have any coffee drink you can imagine at your finger tips...don't bring a cream and sugar infused iced coffee from Dunkin Donuts to work.  If this is your guilty pleasure, which I can understand, at least hide it in the back.  It just doesn't look good.
I shall report back if/ when I revisit if things have improved.
Fancy coffee places aren't really my jam, but I was craving a cup of coffee while wandering around town. The coffee here was good, but it seems like they specialize in tea here. My boyfriend enjoyed his lavender tea and it smelt so yummy. I got a pumpkin latte, and it tasted like a pretty average latte which a dash of pumpkin pie spice. 

The real bummer was the service. The worker here was so snarky and rude. When I asked if they had a bathroom all she replied with was "uh...yea". No, directions to where it was at, if I needed a key, or lock code etc. She gave me some weird vibes, and that's why I knocked down a star.
This place is odd, and not in a fun way. 

The first time I went there, the baristas were so rude to me, they acted as though they were shocked that I was in there, and made me feel unwelcome. I asked them a few questions and they just stared at me with a blank look on their faces.  I didn't feel like ordering anything because of their bad attitude, so I left and waited two months before coming back. 

The second time there was one barista, who was not rude, so this time I ordered.  While waiting, I realized that I wanted to leave, (but didn't)  because of the depressing decor, including flavorless "art".  I have seen more interesting artwork in a doctor's office.  Speaking of medical settings, the entire time I was waiting, I felt that at any moment a doctor was about to emerge from the back room, to tell me of the grim prognosis of one of my loved ones.  Yeah, I felt like I was in a hospital waiting room or doctor's office or morgue waiting room.  Very STERILE and NO personality.     The people who run this place are clearly afraid of color. It feels cold to me in there...not temperature cold, just ambient-cold.  If you have a clinic or medical or funeral home fetish this might be your place.

The coffee and tea quality is pretty good, as well as the snacks.  Also, the bathroom was clean.  So, yes, although the product is good, I'll be alternating between having my coffee or tea at home or taking my money over to Re-Animator from now on.
My first time here and I was really impressed with the amazing selection of teas. I tried the strawberry & ginger herbal tea (over ice) and it was perfect!  Comfortable space, pretty, free wi-fi. Maybe could use some more seating...but I'll definitely be back!
Dishonest, disrespectful, and rude employees...I came in to get a coffee, gave the girl a $10 bill, and she gave me back change as if I had given a $5. She insisted loudly and rudely that I had given a $5. After counting the bills in her register, without saying a word she took the change back and gave me change for a $10. When I asked "so I gave you a $10?" she said nothing. No apology for insisting that I was some kind of crook when it was in fact her mistake, and her co-worker didn't apologize either. I left without even taking my coffee.
Come to this place if you want to be cheated and insulted by spoiled and clueless brats. Really puts you in a good mood for the day. I live not far away and have been there many times, but never again.
I am staying with friends just a block from here and stopped in for some drinks and a place to work. Co-owner Colleen was behind the counter. When I ordered a filter coffee, she was concerned that with the slow traffic on this stormy day it wouldn't be up to par, so she upgraded me to an americano, which was delicious. 

After a pleasant hour or so working in the brightly lit, and cheerful space, I decided it was time for tea. When I was stumped by their excellent selection, Colleen offered to help me decide. She made a great suggestion. She even suggested that I could re-steep the leaves if I liked - something that I always do at home (the second cup is often even better than the first) but usually feel awkward asking to do in a coffee shop. 

Clearly the folks running this place put the customer first. I wish them great success!
Just opened so ...yet already has outstanding selection, service, and atmosphere. High quality tea, coffee, and more with a young, hip vibe overlooking a park.
They have the best homemade cookies!! I also absolutely love the tea selection and being able to make a cozy london fog or any tea latte. The baristas are really friendly as well and always are welcoming to doggies too!
I can't believe it took me so long to come here. It's very cute inside. Spacious, adorably decorated, and with lots of sunshine streaming in. I loved the silver-metallic wall paper!

Although they do have a small menu, my friend and I just ordered coffee and shared a few cookies. The coffee was nice and strong and the cookies were yummy. The other pastry looked good and my friend and I are going to make it a point to come back. for something more substantial. 

The staff was warm and friendly. This place is the complete opposite of Rocket Kat (bleck).
I've been back a couple times since my last review. They hired some really friendly baristas. The customer service is a lot better. I bought some lose tea, Im hooked. They let you try a sample of a new tea every day and I always look forward to it. The decor is a little lack luster but Im sure that will change with time.
Dog-friendly, nice staff, decent coffee, and tasty sandwiches. 

I wouldn't say anything was mind-blowing, but those aspects above are enough to make Steap and Grind a solid place for a quick bite. For tea drinkers, I'm sure this place is a goldmine, but the coffee is also good enough to get you by. For coffee elites, you'll probably want to head to one of the third wave shops nearby, but my cortado was well-prepared and quite tasty! My sandwich (the Springtime) was simple, delicious. perfectly-toasted, and didn't leave me in a food coma for lunch, so overall, Steep and Grind gets a thumbs up from us!

Enjoy!
I was going to leave a quick tip that this place makes  London Fog (Earl Grey, vanilla syrup, steamed milk). But I was really confused when my order was tea, and not the tea latte.
The barista explained that they carry a loose-leaf tea blend called London Fog, and offered to top off my tea with steamed milk (making it the traditional drink). But I had to admit that the tea itself was incredibly nice--so much that I already drank most of it--so top off was necessary!
 ... I guess my tip would be to be clear if you want a tea latte, unless you are equally open to a delicious tea blend.
Just picked up a chai latte and I'm a bit confused if I did something wrong/had the wrong expectations. While I've tried chai from many places, this one was bitter, sludgey, and either had too much spice/cinnamon at the bottom or was made out of loose tea. There was absolutely no sweetness in it at all? and the spices were clumped together to make a grainy experience. Wasn't able to add sweetness to it and have it feel and taste good. Convenient spot but would like to know if their recipe is always like this or if I came on a bad day.
I have to agree with Will B.  The outside looks very rustic and inviting, but the inside looks like you're waiting for a flight at PHL.  I'm not opposed to either design "theme", but I wish it was at least consistent.

As far as the coffee goes, I ordered an iced coffee to go.  I asked the barista pretty simple questions about the coffee like what kind of roast it is and where it's sourced and she didn't know.  Turns out it was very acidic, which, to me at least, doesn't taste good iced.  If she would have known this I would have ordered something else.
Consistently good coffee! I typically get an iced coffee during the summer months - very smooth cold brew + I love their rosemary simple syrup ... However, I tried their new smoky chai as a latte (and dirty with a shot of espresso) and yum! A nice fall drink, subtle in sweetness but warm and smoky. 

The baristas are sweet and accommodating, regardless of what time/day/amount of customers. I appreciate consistency in service and product, and encourage supporting your local businesses, especially ones that have earned it!
The staff and atmosphere here are top notch. Its a very quite and warm environment. 

The coffee and bagels were amazing. I messed up and didnt get the veggie cream cheese, which Im told is made fresh in house.

I'll probably be back, but not as often as I would like to be. for 2 coffees and 2 bagels, it set me back about $15. Thats a bit much for this to be an every weekend thing, but still a nice enough place where I'll treat myself every so often.
This place isn't the worst. And I love to see a new business in the hood. But I read one review that said it was like waiting in an airport, which I'd agree with.  It kind of felt like one of those reality design  shows where someone has 4hrs to put together a cool, new, slick, old world, off campus, something, something, coffee/tea spot. And we were the suckers that had to try it out. Oh man, what are the judges gonna think?!  Feels unresolved, what about that corner where the creamer is? And the neighborhood kids they got to act like employees behind the counter? Awkward! Any way it was this summer so maybe it's all better now but I got an iced coffee, which was the worst i've had in a while. Couldn't be saved. I threw it out later and went to Lola bean.  Maybe the tea is good? It does say grind though. Hmmm.
I stopped in to Steap and Grind because I was working from home and it's around the corner. I was immediately overwhelmed by their tea selection and since there was no line I asked the guy working what he would recommend, adding that usually I drink strong black teas like Earl Grey. I was disappointed at first when he answered "Well, Earl Grey Fancy I guess?" If I had wanted Earl Grey, wouldn't I have ordered that? His next recommendation was London Fog (not the latte version) which is a loose leaf Earl Grey with vanilla. Again, not exactly a huge departure from the norm but he offered the jar for me to smell and since a few people had walked in by this point and I felt like I was holding things up, I got a cup of that. It truly is a delicious and lovely tea. I just hope that next time out of 20+ tea selections, they can suggest something other than what I already drink.
+ the best bagel i have had in philadelphia 
+ gimme! coffee is brewed correctly
+ good, quiet workspace
+ premium steap tea available for bulk purchase!
At first I was like "the coffee is good, but the food selection is pretty meager" and then someone hipped me to the tea situation.  This is some terrific tea, with over 20 different varieties to choose from, including plenty of caffeinated and herbal options.  The tea is priced really well for gourmet tea at 1.75 or 2.25.  I love coffee but because of this place I now get pretty excited about tea also.

The one time I had the food it was pretty decent, I just wasn't impressed with the selection.  Now that I appreciate this place for what it is, I think it deserves 5 stars.

Service has always been friendly and helpful.
Ive been here twice, since it is literally a few doors down from me. Both times the barista was so rude! It was a different guy on each occasions. Both were equally obnoxious. Didn't break a smile. Made me feel very uncomfortable. The coffee was just OK but Jeez, how about a little customer service with your bland coffee? 
I tipped both times and both times they didn't even thank me. Just shrugged me off. I definitely wont be back. The place inside is really clean but WAY too sterile for Fishtown. Get some sort of style going on here guys...
Apart from the decor being  'medical green' (not mint green, which would be good, especially if combined with a bright color)  this place is excellent.   Meanwhile, this is actually a 4.5 star update.   I also noticed music, which is good, not too loud and not anything annoying.  The place is very clean, even their bathroom.  Also, I must mention that they now carry a FANTASTIC health elixir brand called  'Rite Elixir', found in the refrigerator, so now I am going to S & G a couple of times a week.  Mind you, the elixir is a bit pricey, but I drink it in lieu of getting a flu shot, so I buy a bottle, drink a couple of ounces per day until gone.  I don't drink it as a thirst quencher, it is a disease-preventative.  I love the Apple/maca/cinnamon as well as the Orange/tangerine/turmeric one. I really LOVE the green one.

They now sell sandwiches and are very fresh and tasty.
This place is awesome. Dog friendly so I'm allowed in. They have internet for my made-for-dogs laptop. And it's not too busy so I don't get overly excited and have an accident or start barking.

I do wish they had more egg-based dog food (eggs, I mean eggs) so I don't have unhealthy-for-dogs carb loaded bagel every morning. 

Other than that the ambiance is perfect and the people operating the coffee shop are fantastic.
Great Customer Service!! The best ice coffee IMO very different flavor profile than any others I have had, Springtime sandwich and the melter skelter with prosciutto are top notch.  I have been to all the local competitors and probably tried everything on their menus as well, Steap and Grind checks all the boxes for the best spot IMO. Atmosphere is welcoming and good to hang and do work and the staff is not snotty like literally every other coffee shop in the neighborhood.
A fresh coffee shop in a perfectly designed corner of Fishtown. They brew Gimme! Coffee and a ton of tea options. A great addition to the neighborhood.
I mazed round Fishtown tis' mornin to find some tea. My goal was to skip that dehydrated coffee feeling anyone who works on a laptop all day knows too well. Fate brought me to Steap and Grind!

I assure you this is not a fake write up, I had coffee fatigue, THEN I found what I thought was a mirage of tea! I was taken back by a sea of almost 30 varieties. I found heaps of treasure in this endless ocean.  

My Coconut Black tea tasted pure and authentic, yet was very strong, as is rare for coconut teas. Service was quick, employee nice. The lighting and environment- refreshing, not dim but still relaxing with its silvery tree wall paper and nice amount of medium size windows. The location is fitting, close to a park and away from the center of town. They carry a unique selection of gifts as well. 

Steap and Grind is a much needed addition to Fishtown. This is a nice, clean, healthy alternative to many local overpopulated and dinge cafes.

The only reason I took off a star was because there were no small saucers, I would expect a tea cafe to have a modernized way of properly steaping tea, when all elae fails a saucer would have done the job, they offered a plastic lid (and were very nice) but I don't like the taste of plastic or just the thought of it's contamination in my tea.
I ordered a soy latte ($3.75), and found it to be quite lovely. Not the best cup I've had in Philly (see Elixr and Menagerie Cafe), but a solidly good find none the less. 

It's a little loud because the decor is very sparse and solid, so sound travels from the counter, but in general it has a pleasant feel to it, a clean, respectable bathroom, and friendly baristas. 

Most times, I think of fishtown as kind of a dirty shithole, but this place, the adorable park next door, and the surrounding blocks could actually be described as cute! Good call fishtown, you're classing up!
It's here. Right around the corner from my house. Somehow I never really chose to go there... The coffee is a bit sour for my taste. Glad they manage to stay in business giving all the new coffee shops poping in the area. Cheers!
I went to steep and grind today to get a tea to go.  I live 5 blocks away.  When I went to get out of the car I took the tea from the cup holder.  This is when I found the lid was not on correctly and the tea went all over top of my legs.  My right leg got the most of it with second degree burns and a large blister.  I called them to tell them what had happened, so they would be more careful with lids.  However, I was surprised at how rude the girl was.  The call started off good.  She asked how I was and said she was sorry, but then she hung up on me.  Didn't say goodbye, thank you  for calling.  Take my name and number to check and see how I was doing.  This was VERY disturbing.  It could of landed on a nice note, now I won't be back and I will let everyone know how lousy the service is.  Many a store no longer exist because of bad customer service.  Picture included.
Pretty cute place, if I could give 3.5 stars, I would. I liked that the space was pretty open, things looked really clean, and there were fresh flowers on the table. Not a ton of "ambiance" but sleek and cool.  They have a great tea selection--but things are a little on the pricey-er side: over $3 for a 20 oz iced tea seems a bit much to me.  The baristas were friendly without being curt or overbearing.

As all I had was tea, I can't speak to the quality of the coffee or food. All in all, pretty cute, not bad.
The staff is so polite, you would think that they own the place. The coffee is good and the tea is incredible. I go the extra two blocks.
They have the best homemade cookies!! I also absolutely love the tea selection and being able to make a cozy london fog or any tea latte. The baristas are really friendly as well and always are welcoming to doggies too.
Consistently incredible tea and super super affordable. Service can be slow sometimes but other than that, the selection is vast and the staff is extremely knowledgable -- great addition to Fishtown.
Great shop, delicious coffee & right across the street from beautiful Palmer Park (aka St Mary's Park for ol' school Fishtowners).  Grab a cup, sit outside & enjoy.
I love that they have a sample tea to try at the counter. Interesting tea lattes and their bagels taste really fresh.
Short version: BEST coffee AND tea in Fishtown/Kensington/Northern Liberties, hands down (and I've lived everywhere between Old City and Fishtown for over 10 years). I haven't tried the food, but it's just bagel sandwiches for now, so it is what it is.

Long version: I've been going here since it opened but have been holding off on a review until I felt they were consistently great. I've lived in this neighborhood for about four years and have yet to pick a "regular" coffee shop (I go to a different one for each day of the week), as none of them are *consistently* great in my opinion.
But it's been a couple months now and I have yet to have a drink here that is anything less than perfect. I brought my coffee snob friends from Pittsburgh here and not only did they buy a few pounds to take home, they joked they were thinking of moving back to Philly just for this place.
The espresso is always smooth and delicious, never burnt or bitter. And the tea. Holy hell, the tea selection here is crazy good. Black tea with coconut is the best thing I've ever tasted, and I'm not even a huge tea guy, but I buy a bag every couple weeks to keep the fridge stocked with iced tea. They're all good though, especially while it's hot, go in there and try one of their rotating iced tea selections (there's maybe 20+ teas to choose from, but they offer 4-5 of them as iced tea on any given day), and there's usually a pitcher of one of them to try for free.
Honestly I don't know what the negative reviews are all about... wouldn't be surprised if it was friends of the other coffee shop owners who should be rightly worried about losing their business to a superior establishment. :)
Sheesh, tough crowd, this place just opened and it's already getting some harsh reviews, give them some time. The coffee is great (Gimme Coffee, NY), I had both the iced coffee and regular. No complaints here except it's a little more expensive than La Colombe.  I'm sick of drinking La Colombe, it's like a freaking laxative and every coffee shop in fishtown sells it so I'm happy we have a variety now.
I also loved their pomegranate unsweetened iced tea and can't wait to try some of their others.
First of all, what is WRONG with you people? Fine if you don't like the decor, but don't knock down stars and go on about it unless it isn't clean or something. Heaven forbid everyone not be like you and your marvelous selves! I walked in my first time expecting a hideously uncomfortable space. Well, I ended up asking the owner for the paint color. And she was nice enough to go find the can of paint in the basement. So I guess I have horrific taste in decor - yeah, right. 

The coffee is great and a nice change from the usual options. Their red-eye does the job superbly. I don't find it any more expensive than anywhere else I get quality coffee - in fact, I thought it was a bit cheaper. I'm typically not a tea drinker but their selection is great and I have ended up heading back over midday for something different. My only wish is that they would have a stevia option along with the sugar, simple syrup, and splenda at the add-in's bar. I am sugar free but only use stevia. Very few places have it, but they really stand out when they do. Luckily I live close enough to just go back home and add it.

Looks like the people working there in the beginning had attitude. I had not been in until about a month ago but have had no issues with anyone - and I've got a pretty darn low tolerance for that sort of thing.

Overall they are friendly, have quality coffee and tea, and are reasonably priced. And even though the decor should be irrelevant, it is quite frankly a nice change of pace from the typical hipster overload.
My new cat sitter recommended this place and I love it!   Their scones are the best I have ever eaten.  The first time I went in there I did not know what clotted cream was, and now I am hooked!   It is a rich British creamy tasting spread, but richer and a different texture than butter.  Their jam is also excellent, fresh and close to homemade.  Today I tried a tea latte and that was very good too.
I'll start off by saying this is one of my favorite spots and I will never stop going here. So why only 3 stars?
Well they always run out of everything bagels. The coffee isn't that great. It is pretty good but I think I'm becoming a coffee snob. My order gets messed up a lot. I never complain because it's never anything huge. 
However, you can bring your dog and they support the PSPCA. Both very important IMHO. Great outside seating. Cute merchandise. Very friendly staff. I really enjoy talking to them. 

So if you aren't a complainer who is going to pitch a fit if their iced latte comes out hot....
Stopped by for lb. of coffee and ice tea and note they now have outdoor seating overlooking the park.
This is my new favorite cafe to go to for study purposes. It's super welcoming, has great coffee and tea (at reasonable prices mind you), and plenty of well spaced seating with available outlets (a must for those who constantly study).  They also get bonus points for allowing pets which is great for this area because this neighborhood is loaded with awesome people with amazing dogs (and at least one pig).  This really accentuates the atmosphere. 

My one and only issue with the place is the flies: I know the complaint is somewhat unfair and perhaps only relevant to the season, but a couple times I went there, there was an irritating amount of flies which made it difficult to concentrate.  Again, it only happened a couple times so walking in is not a guarantee to entering fly city, but I felt it was worth noting.
Fishtown is a great place to live as a coffee drinker. This neighborhood is riddled with coffee shops. I have tried all of them and all have things that they do great. Steep and grind has a remarkable variety of Chais and Coffee is awesome. The problem I have been running into in the neighborhood is attitude. There is no attitude at Steep and Grind; Just genuinely nice people who are a pleasure to be around. I strongly suggest this joint.
The first time I came here, I thought the staff was rather unwelcoming & cold but the sandwich I ordered--the Frankford--was fantastic. The next time I visited Philly, I gave it another chance and haven't regretted it. Everyone has off days, and the staff have fortunately been friendly at each subsequent visit. This has definitely become my go-to place to get work done whenever I'm passing through or visiting. Wish I was here often enough to be a regular! I've never gone wrong with their sandwiches or bagels, and their coffee (and latte art) is decent enough. Everything that's been said about the decor & cleanliness is true.
The menu is small, which I like. All the food I've tried/seen tasted/looked delicious and fresh. Rather have a small menu done right! The tea is downright amazing and nothing is too expensive compared to other nearby cafes. Perfect, quiet little spot.
S&G is fan-friggin-tastic! I am a full-time grad student and I LOVE the coffee, the naturally bright atmosphere, the fun but non-trendy staff, and the wi-fi strength. I have spent many hours here (sitting both inside and out) and have never felt uncomfortable.
I don't know how they did it but I feel at ease at S&G to the point where I have branched out to their iced red-eyes and other nontraditional coffee items. I brought my g/f here and she sampled some of their iced teas and latte things (IDK, this is weird coffee-speak to me) and we have enjoyed many cups since that first encounter. We also got coffee to-go so we could soak in some of Palmer Park across the street.
This was the first coffee shop I visited when I moved to Fishtown! I love the environment and it's a nice place to study and have a snack. I'm a tea person and I love the assortment of teas they have. Their almond croissant was delicious and today I just tasted their lemon bread! I have one word: wonderful!!! This is my go to stop every time I am by the post office across the street. This is a must try!!!
Thesandwiches I have had thus far is exquisitely delicious and mostlty different from the usual, though slim choices. The facility is clean. Lot of choices of rare teas. Kind of dull atmosphere

BUT

The staff is a little strange and standoffish. And they have made up rules that bug the shit out of me. When you get a sandwich to go, the chips or salad do not come with it. It's not posted anywhere that this is such, nor does it make any sense that you have to pay full price (8 bucks) for a sandwich with no chips or salad because I don't want to sit in your empty boring cafe. And it's actually posted that all sandwiches come with chips or side salad. No dining specifications to chipless/saladless scams based on how long you stay. This is a new facility and I really think they ought to do better if they want to last. You're not saving anything on your rent by including chips promised on your chalkboard with an 8 dollar sandwich.
Super convenient located coffee shop in downtown fishtown. Great for environment with their strawless cups. They also offer food such as sandwiches. They didn't offer a drink menu at the counter. They usually have their menu on a board in the wall. It was not visible from the entrance. I ordered the cold brew. It was the easiest choice since I felt bad asking the barista what options they had. I would love to return when it is fully opened.
I ordered matcha latte . It was good , a lot of matcha which was what i prefer . Parking was tough Bc it was snowing and also near residential area
I like this place! It's close to where I live and the coffee is delicious. They have a wonderful selection of teas and the iced coffee is cold brewed. All 5 star worthy stuff!

Unfortunately, they also let the neighborhood kids come in and hang out. If you're at all familiar with the Fishtown area then you know that these are not the cute mannerly kids you'd hope for. They ride their razor scooters in the shop, use the bathroom and leave a nice mess behind. They pay for nothing, but take up tables watching videos on their cell phones sucking up the WiFi band. It defiantly detracts from the nice laid back vibe this shop has going when those kids aren't here. I keep hoping for the day I see this kids asked to pay or get out.
This place is great. Friendly staff and a great workspace if you need to get out of your apartment for a little tea and human contact. I come here frequently on work from home days and almost always get a pot of tea and a scone. Fancy, right? The coffee is delicious too.
Iced teas are great, amazing variety of flavors, but pricey. The layout is chic and streamlined but I usually grab a drink to go (on my way to Palmer dog park). Dog treats are given if your pup wants a snack. Try the iced strawberry ginger tea, so refreshing.
