The only information you need to know about Stocks is that they offer one of the best, if not the best pound cake in Philadelphia.  Their pound cake is available in chocolate, vanilla or both and in loaves or rounds.  You can also have your choice of chocolate or vanilla icing.  Regardless of the combo you will not be disappointed.  I prefer the round cake with vanilla icing because you get more icing on the round cakes than you do loaves.  If you do stop in I recommend picking up some of their cookies as well.
Not the best - so the search continues.

The poundcake is extremely dense, looks and feels as heavy as a brick.  Their signature poundcake is covered with vanilla icing.  

Now for the verdict - SALT & BUTTER ABUSE!  

With every bite I took, I kept hoping that it was a section that just wasn't mixed well and that a new bite would taste less salty.  No luck.

I do NOT want to eat a salty cake.  Barf.  
Then again, Philly tastebuds have become de-sensitized by salt so the locals might not even flinch.

Pound for pound it is just too much - too much salt, too much butter, too much sugar, and not in a good way.  If you cut yourself a slice and eat it with your hands, you hands will be quite moisturized from the butter or lard.  Also, I'm fairly certain they use sour cream in their recipe as well.  Be prepared to have a beverage while consuming this because as moist as it is, you might choke on it because it is so dense.  I would have preferred the cake to be a little softer and cake like. 

They weigh the poundcake. Ours came out to $9.44.  I have no idea how much a pound costs because they don't have a menu nor do they display the prices or tell you (not that we asked). 

We also had their shortbread butter cookies - now these are better but just as rich and heavy.  One cookie probably has about a half a stick of butter that goes into it, if not more, which is how it is able to stay so soft and dense.  These cookies aren't crumbly like you would find at other Italian bakeries but again, it is due to the crazy amount of butter in it.  


Also, expect zero customer service from these guys.  They look up to see who is walking through the door, do not greet you, then they will rush you, even when it isn't busy at all.  Not a pleasant bakery experience at all, but then again, most mom and pop Philly bakeries want you to keep it moving - get in and get out.

Definitely not worth the trip out here.  

Parking - street
With all due respect to all the fancy-pants gourmet bakeries in the area, this 5th- generation (family-run,) row home corner bakery, away from the Center City hubbub, is a whole different ball game. 
Stock's Bakery.

Stock's is famous for its pound cake. And Oh my goodness!!! What a pound cake it is. Extra buttery, super moist, dense, rich and very yummy cake. Topped with a thin layer of vanilla icing and wrapped in plastic wrap. I just can't say enough about this pound cake! Yes it is a very modest cake, but incredibly delicious.

- Catering: Hell yeah.
- Parking: Never been easier.
- Hours: 
Tuesday - Friday 8:00am-5:30pm
Saturday 7:00am-5:30pm
Sundays & Mondays: Closed.
- Prices: Very affordable. 
Pound Cake ($11) Vanilla or Marble. Vanilla or Chocolate frosting.
Pies ($4) 
Cookies ($7/Ibs)
P.S: Stash your plastic at home, and bring only CASH.
 
Four and Half Yelps.
When I first heard about Stock's, I wondered if a pound cake could ever be THAT good? How could something so seemingly simple and classic taste any different than anything else I've tried?

OH, but it does. I never thought I'd enjoy this brick of a cake as much as I do. It is deliciously dense and with such a beautiful and uniform air/crumb structure that only a baker could appreciate. The pound cakes come in either classic vanilla or marble (vanilla and chocolate) flavors, with or without icing. They sell them by the brick and are priced by weight. Typically, each brick costs about $11-12 each. 

They sell many other items like babkas, pies, and decorated cakes. All of which are popular and regularly sell out quickly. So, always try to get here earlier than later. The lines are long, but move fast because people already know what they want. 

For large holiday or special orders, I'd recommend pre-ordering to guarantee they'll have what you want. 

CASH ONLY!
When it's fresh - that vanilla pound cake is simple, heavy and rich and DE-FRIKKIN-LICIOUS.  For $11 a pop - get 2 and freeze one.

So good.  A neighborhood staple and a "real" Philly treat.
BEST. POUNDCAKE. EVER


enough said!
Stock's Bakery does indeed make the best pound cake in the nation.  I believe that.

Ive also recently found their butter cakes to be authentic!  It's few and far between a good butter cake that should be flaky and buttery but gooey inside this shallow tinned cake which goes for just over $3 and enough sugar to set your whole family on the road to diabetes. ;)

Last time i grabbed a few fresh donuts as well and found them to be excellent.  So, this is a regional gem.  We must cherish it and never let it close!
We were first gifted a Stock's pound cake by our realtor a few weeks back. Like a fellow yelper said, how good could a pound cake be? It's a pound cake! 

Well, this pound cake with icing on the top is possibly THE best pound cake I've eaten in my life. Rich, buttery and kind of reminds me of Sara Lee. My husband and I polished off the entire loaf in two days. And then bought ourselves three more. 

We arrived 10 mins after the bakery opened on a Tuesday morning, and waited about 35 minutes in line to get inside the bakery. A pound cake costs between $12-13, but it's worth it. 

I also overheard the tea biscuits are delicious, but they were already sold out. I will have to come back another time for those!

Don't forget to bring cash!
Tried this pound cake when a coworker brought some into the office and it tasted amazing! I just had to have more. My birthday was over last weekend so I picked up 2 pound cakes and a butter cake which cost me about $25. I was happy and on my way so I thought. 

I put the cakes in the fridge when I got home and took one out about 3 hours before it was going to be served. I was having a paint party that night and was super excited to have this cake with my girls. We cut it using a butter knife and the cake was crumbly and CHOKE DRY. Talk about disappointing and I had raved about this cake to my friends. Just terrible.

I called the next morning and asked to speak with a manager. She asked me if I still had the cakes and would be willing to come in. I made the trek again from the northeast section of Philly which took me a good 30 minutes and 15 miles. When I arrived I waited a few minutes for someone to get her and for her to wash her hands. She smelled of smoke. I hope she's not doing the baking. Side eye.

First thing she asked me was if I put the cakes in the fridge? And what kind of knife used? I stated I did and that I just used a butter knife because I wasn't in a kitchen/cooking area. She then spoke to me like I was an ignorant child and stated you never put cake in the fridge because of the condenser and that you should use a bread knife etc. She stated that their cakes were extremely moist and putting it in the fridge just dries it out. OO Well excuse me! Did anyone state that when I purchased it ? And yes using a sharp knife is better but your cake should not fall apart if you don't use one!

She then brought over another manager who then looked at the icing on my cake and stated that they need to stop using the machine because there was barely any icing. Just another factor of the lack of quality in the cakes I received.

Needless to say as appalled as I was by her explanations I kept my mouth shut because I wanted my cakes replaced. She gave me two more pound cakes and they tasted a bit better, still did not compare to the first time I tasted them but about 3 stars. I won't be back. Quality is sporadic, cost is high and service unacceptable.
I tried Stock's Pound Cake recently and it still holds up after all these years!  If it ain't broke...,

I cut up a marble pound and froze a few pieces!  When I returned from a recent trip..thawed it out and it was a nice lil treat!

While at Stock's I grabbed a few donuts and thought a lil too dense for my tastes...I prefer a more pillowy type!

Overall...Stock's is still doin it and doin it well!  Nice!
So... You remember that Seinfeld episode with the soup nazi? Stock's is kinda like that; only with Cake!!!!

The counter folks are less than friendly, the options are less than bountiful but the iced pound cake is to die for!!!

Stock's is closed Mondays FYI.
There's nothing wrong with pound cake, but I just can't get as excited over it as most reviewers of this place do. Maybe it's a Philly or S.Jersey thing, somewhat akin to this regions love of cutlets?

To date I've tried their chocolate frosted pound cake and a vanilla frosted birthday cake. The latter was decorated very nicely and guess what it was made with? If you said pound cake you are correct. Sadly though, the recipient of this cake is a chocoholic, and the purchaser inquired if it could be chocolate frosted, they were told that the bakery does not do that.

The pound cake itself is very good, but it is pound cake. I would prefer to use my dessert calories on something else. The frostings are also good, but not great. I would take a buttercream one of any flavor over their offerings. In the future I would like to try the butter cake, but I don't think that would sway my 3.5 Yelp opinion
Let me start off with I'm not a huge fan of sweets or cakes.  I like them, but I try not to eat them too much.

Unless it's Stock's.

I can probably eat half a cake in one sitting with a cup of coffee and have very little regret.  

The cake is perfect.  Not too dry and not overly moist.  The icing is subtly sweet, darn near perfect.  Both together equals a tiny slice of Heaven.
A great place knows what it does well and does it consistently. Stock's pound cake (or many pound cake) is a delicious treat. I haven't had it in years, and honestly it just slipped my mind as "a thing" even until I heard the name come up in conversation recently. And then...I had to go back. So on a trip last weekend to Port Richmond to buy kielbasa I had to make a swing down to Lehigh Avenue and got some "many pounds pound cake." The look on my kids eyes when they bit into it the first time was priceless. My 8 year old, who claims she doesn't like cake, had a sparkle in here eyes and asked "why didn't you tell me about this before".

Well....that says it all.
Made a pilgrimage yesterday.  

In all seriousness, I'm a suburban dweller, and Stocks' is in an old part of the city where parking is...creative.  I've always gotten my fix through satellite bakery locations or fundraisers.  

Yesterday, though, I decided to go to the source.  I needed to go someplace nearby.  What the heck.  

First, it's easier to get to than it seems.  Do not follow Google Maps.  Their directions are nuts.  95-Aramingo- Lehigh.  

Second, they have a "loading zone only" curb right out front.  Easy parallel pull in except if someone decides to creatively park.  Expect creativity, this is Philly.  

Third, they have an employee outside who staggers entry and tells you which of 3 stations to go to.  Wasn't crowded so no wait.  

The place is so so so typical of a Philly row home bakery, it was like stepping back in time.  Glass cases, "marbled" Formica countertops, linoleum floors.  Clean, and smells like heaven. 

They have plastic barriers up across the counter and you hand your money through a slot.  Purchase is placed in a corral at the end of the row.  

Cash only.  

The pound cake super fresh from the oven is absolutely not shareable.  I don't care who you are.  It's fantastic.  Mine, my precious!  All mine!  Gets your own, I says!
Do not be afraid of the neighborhood and don't let that deter you from coming- because you'll surely miss out on the best pound cake you had ever eaten! 


Best pound cake hands down in Philly! They also have really good sugar cookies. Make sure to call ahead to order your birthday cake so you can make sure you have one. The icing is sweet but has the most incredible taste like the pound cake itself has. The cake is so moist and like no other cakes I've ever eaten at other bakeries. I've been coming to this bakery since I was about 10 years old- I remember my mom buying cakes for birthdays here all the time. 
Just came in the other day- although it's a longer drive then I remember- it was still worth it. As soon as I stepped foot in the place, all these great memories came back. You are greeted with helpful girls who stand behind the counters and greeted by a sweet smell of baked goods. The cakes and cookies are displayed so you can see all the goodies they have- which I honestly prob could have eaten it all. Ended up picking up a birthday cake for my sister and we also got cookies with cherries on top and Kelly in the middle. My 5 year old nephew tasted the cookies and his reaction, was" these are the goodest cookies I ever had! He wanted more but we are them all, and he got upset! Yea they are that good
I'm seeing that this bakery has so many wonderful reviews, however when I tried their baked goods I unfortunately didn't get the wonderful deliciousness that everyone raved about. 

My friend purchased the iced pound cake for her birthday and she was sooo excited to get this cake! Her excitement actually made me excited so were all hanging out at and we decided to try the cake I cut myself a piece and ended up tasting one of the dryest and I'm sure that's not a word, but the cake was dry!! with very minimum flavor. I was shocked and saddened b/c if you purchase something from a bakery you expect high quality food oh so sad.!


So my friend was disappointed as well and she ended up bringing them back , she actually purchased two pound cakes and a butter cake and all was dry. They gave her this excuse stating the cake was dry due to her placing it in the refrigerator and the condenser in the refrigerator ( makes the cake dry)  and she should have used a bread knife instead of a butter knife ughh!! Overall I didn't get the great experience now I don't know if it was due to the high demand of Memorial day or what. Maybe their baked goods are delicious but I just ended up tasting a bad batch.
I use Stocks to my advantage........once you take one to someone they will always invite you back.......I have picked up many of the pound cakes over the years and have given them to people outside the area.........they go crazy for these.......I see a lot of people come back to this area just to buy one two or even more........as I am writing. .....I am going to get one and take it to my friends in nj.......they are excellent. ...
By far the best pound cake I've ever had. You don't want to miss this place. 

The pound cake is made fresh everyday and there's no doubting that. It's so dense, moist and flavorful. I'm dreaming about it now as I write this review. The pound cake is delicious by itself but we have ordered plenty of cakes from there and they are out of this world. The icing complements the cake perfectly and isn't overly sweet. 

By far the best bakery in Philly!
I'm not going to waste my time writing anything more than this: 
poundcake.
poundcake with frosting.
eat it. love it. seriously..worth the trip.
Stock's Bakery lies. 

It is not a pound cake. It is more like a 3-pound cake. And every single bite is rich, buttery, and probably sinful in some way. Get the chocolate swirl, get the vanilla icing, get yourself into sweet nirvana.

So long, Sara Lee. You had the pound cake quadrant of my heart for so long, but now I have grown up and pledge my allegiance to Stock's.
Redditors raved about this bakery so I came by to try out their internet famous pound cake. 

The pound cake is priced and sold by the pound. You have your choice of regular or marbled pound cake and it is either iced with vanilla or chocolate icing. The loaf is dense and the cake is so moist and buttery. The perfect treat for the holidays. I will definitely pick up a loaf to bring home for Thanksgiving. 

It's cash only which I am not a fan of but oh well. 

This place is a little bit far from the center of the city. But it was well worth the trip.
Stocks has hands down the best Lemon Meringue Pie I have ever had and not to mention their staple Pound Cake is delicious.  Chocolate  Swirl is better than just the regular pound cake.  

Most holidays the line is out the door, make sure you get their early to get your dessert of choice.

They also have excellent prices, most times I go I get at lest two of the Lemon Meringue's and One of the Chocolate Swirl pound cake.

Check them out, Philly's Finest.
How does one adequately describe a Stock's Pound Cake?  I find myself channeling Gollum:  Precioussss (pound cake)!  My Preciousss!  You wants to steal my Preciousss but I wont's have it, you see!  Mine, all mine, my Preciousss is!   You cant's have it, no no!  It's mine, all mine, my sweet Precioussss!

Yeah, it's that good.  No, you can't' have even a teensy slice of mine.  Go get your own.
It's alright... I've just had better. Sorry :(
I have to cut a slice of the pound cake and lock the rest away so that I don't eat the entire loaf. One bite and all self restraint will vanish. Definitely would not stop in after setting your new year's resolutions. You'll be breaking them in a nanosecond. But any other time?  Stop in and get yourself some pound cake because it is the best. Simple, buttery goodness.  It even made me feel better after a 3 hour quantum final in undergrad.  Now that takes talent (or just really good baking skills).
A friend and I took a rode trip from South Jersey to visit Stock's bakery...where we heard was know to have the best pound cake ever. 

Well.....I must agree!!! It was well worth our trip=) 
If you've never been and enjoy pound cake. You Gotta Check them out~
I'm sorry, I just ate some Stock's poundcake and I cannot remember my name... 
Yeah, it's that good. Foodgasm at it's finest. 

Now I have to go - the rest of the cake is calling my name from the freezer in my lame attempt to avoid the inevitable: eating this until I get sick.  

Good Day.
if you dont know by now...you've been missing out on the best pound cake anywhere near Philadelphia. 
around the holidays expect a line out the door.
but expect your wait to be justified.

fantastic donuts I've been eating since i was a baby.
terrific cookies, everything made on premises

but the standout item from this port richmond keystone is obviously the pound cake.
and for under $10 you can not beat it.

just remember to grab a few
The pound cake here is like a brick. If someone throws it at you, be prepared to have a major black eye from it. I, myself, prefer a fluffier, less dense cake. Oh, and I feel as if they OVERLOAD it with sugar. My teeth hurt just thinking about it! I don't know why so many people love it...
My second day in Philly, the last before ENDO2012 would begin, started the same as most - a long run inclusive of a Stallone style jog up the stairs of the art museum - and after a shower I hopped in the car en route for a place I'd only heard about the day prior from a gentleman in the Italian Market, a place called Stock's Bakery up in Kensington that apparently served a legendary poundcake.  Wondering exactly how good a cake generally made without much more than butter, sugar, and eggs could be as good as the fellow raved I decided to find out for myself and warned that they only sold whole cakes by weight I was additionally glad to know that I'd have friends in town both that evening and the day following with whom I could share.

Guided by GPS and making my way through the streets in good time I arrived at the small bakery just after 7:00am and with street parking just steps away I entered to a nodded greeting by the lady behind the counter and proceeded to browse my options, eventually settling on three choices - one warm and two already packaged and ready to go.  Not particularly a welcoming place I paid in cash and thanked the clerk who I'm rather certain never said more to me than the total cost and 'have a nice day.'

Making my way to the street and quickly unbagging my first choice I started with a warm yeasty donut coated in granulated sugar and although some may fancy glazed or powdered, I personally enjoyed the texture while the dough itself was light and wispy - a good start.  Moving next to a large pan weighing in at what I estimate to be about 18oz, my second selection would also prove to still be warm and while the pound cake may get all the press I'll tell you right now that the Butter Cake is severely underrated - a slightly salty yet entirely sweet butter and cream cheese pudding resting atop golden vanilla cake.  Dense at the top yet flaky at the base and only $3 for a whole tray there was more than enough here to feed four - something I had to be wary of given the day's eating plans as I limited myself to only 1/3 of the tray, the rest given to Ray later that evening to take home to his family.

Moving last to the famous pound cake, mine with a slick vanilla frosting, I'll just come out and admit that although my sample size is small it is without a doubt the best I've ever tasted - the crumb dense, the flavors that of pure butter, flour, and salty vanilla beneath a mountain of sweet...a science experiment in super-saturation where even the smallest loaf on the rack weighed in at 3lbs.  Like the butter cake but with more heft and a higher price this is without a doubt something to be shared, or at the very least savored over the course of a few days - or a week.  Not friendly at all but delicious and a downright bargain I'd definitely go back and recommend anyone visiting Philadelphia with a car to check it out.
Just had my first slice of Stock's marble pound cake!  It's the best pound cake out there.

I made the mistake of not placing an order and was not able to get any of the beautiful Easter Egg cakes.  

FYI, it's a cash only bakery.  No debit cards either. And they have 6 lines so can handle the busiest rush with no problem.
I have been wanting to stop by Stock's for a long time, but never actually had an opportunity to get there.   My significant other was in the neighborhood and brought some home.   He is really big on customer service and said they were very very pleasant and he got exactly what he asked for. He brought home two danish, one cheese and one crumb, along with a poundcake, marble with vanilla icing. Well I have to say that the poundcake did not disappoint. It was perfectly cooked with a very very dense crumb and perfectly uniform all throughout.   This was very tasty and worth the trip out-of-the-way. The cheese danish was also very fresh and had a very light glaze on top but nothing that interfered with the taste of the cheese which you sometimes find with other bakeries. The crumb Danish was kind of strange as it did not have crumbs on it - just a vanilla icing.   I would not order again as it was very sleepy.     You can get the pound cake with vanilla, chocolate or no icing.  If it gets a little stale don't worry, just toast it in the toaster oven and it will be good all over again. However if you really like poundcake I doubt that you will have any that will go stale.
i can't believe that i am the first reviewer for stock's! the best poundcake and buttercake in philly and my favorite tea biscuits (35 cents each). so good! i used to drive with my mom from south philly to 'the northeast' (little did i know at the time) just to get their cakes. we're italian and always go to isgro's and termini's for mostly everything, but stock's has those non-italian baked goods that are oh so good....
only two words.

Pound Cake

CRACK!!!! I have to stay away from stocks, it's going to be my downfall. I'm only allowed to indulge in a heavenly smorsel once a year...easter. Otherwise i'd be walking around with a big ass. just a tiny bite and it's sure to go straight to your hips, ass and thighs.

But still worth the week you have to work it off. 

Salivating......!
Pound cake will never be matched! Awesome!! Well worth the trip! I haven't given this pound cake to ANYONE who hasn't come back to say that it was the very best they had ever had. I usually purchase 10 or more every trip just to pass around to all our friends who've never experienced a Stock's pound cake. Once they've had it, theres
no going to another!!
BEST. POUNDCAKE. EVER.

Be prepared for absolute perfection with this perfectly moist, buttery, delicious cake.  In my younger (AKA fatter) days, I demolished an entire loaf in one day. That's how good it is.
Best wedding cake ever and extremely reasonable pricing. Our cake fed 150 people and it cost under $200!!! Everyone was so excited when I told them we were having stocks at the wedding that I ordered cake bags to give it out at the end of the night as a parting favor. Not a single piece was left!!They also did my cake for my baby shower. I will use them for all our special occasions and milestones!!
Having been born and raised a Port Richmond kid,  I think I have taken Stock's for granted my entire life. It was always a given in my life that at any family gathering, next to the coffee could be found a Stock's (or Stocky's as us natives say) pound cake.  As I got older the response I most often received upon telling people I live in Port Richmond (after inquiring about the level of difficulty in finding a parking spot!) is inevitably something about Stocky's. Perhaps for this reason I was never a huge fan of the pound cake. But for others who don't get to the hood often or haven't yet been over exposed, it's a real treat. 
However methinks that the real gem of Stocky's is the butter cake. The texture is just right, as is the level of gooey-ness. Just no frills perfection. I love the cookies too-especially the chocolate chip. They aren't sickening sweet and are perfect accompaniments to a cup of coffee. 
Should you find yourself on my side of the tracks, you must come in. Grab yourself a pound cake for the novelty of it, and a butter cake because I told you to!
Wanting to try a different place for poundcake, Stock's popped up on my radar. I'm not at all picky about poundcake because it usually ends up in my coffee, but this was a gift for someone's birthday... someone with a taste much more discerning than mine. It's really out of the way for me, but if it turned out to be good then it would make the gift that much more special. And special it was.

Moist, dense within reason, and subtle on flavor... the marble cake is a great blend and normally I welcome a contrast in flavor. If they had this cake on the Godfather II, I could see Hyman Roth asking for... a BIGGER piece.

I'll see what the butter cake is about next time.
THE BEST DAMN POUNDCAKE EVER!!!!! the texture was so moist and the frosting on top was just the right amount of sweetness. Friendly staff and a relatively small store. It seems like it is often busy.
Best vanilla iced pound cake ever.  End of story.   Worth every calorie, every dollar. That is all
Dear Stocks, 

I love you SO, SOOO much and I am terribly sad that I do not live closer to your fine establishment. When I am in town, I brave the cold of morning, to line up outside and purchase a minimum of 2 pound cakes to bring home with me. I then guard them with my life, staring down TSA agents who even THINK about telling me that it can't come on the plane. Your buttery delight always makes it home safely and only lasts a few days -- not sharing, of course. I wish I could live in a home of your pillowy cake, but until that day, I'll see you in my dreams and when I'm in town.
I did not know that that if you mention Stock's Bakery out loud, people audibly gasp and then they have to tell you about their Aunt Concetta or Uncle Bud who stands in line for 2 hours to get their pound cake at Easter.  "They took it for the team, my Aunt Concetta."  

So one day a slice of this miraculous chocolate-frosted pound cake landed in front of me. I was told I had to be grateful that I was being gifted this slice, because the rest of the cake had already been devoured.

HOLY FROSTING. So so good. The cake itself is actually denser than I expected, but very very flavorful - I could taste a bit of lemon and vanilla.  The frosting was light and not heavily layered, so not overpowering at all. By the time I was done, I had licked every morsel of the cake off my plate.

No picture therefore exists. Sorry not sorry.
So I just at Greenrock Tavern and and had the burger on the Stocks Poundcake and that was so amazing that we ordered the Socks poundcake and Icecream dessert. I can't wait until I need a cake again because I am going to run there, it was the best poundcake I'd ever tasted. The girls that work there where actually there in the next booth ( ironically). Can't wait to stop by and see what else the have baking.
I rarely have pound cake. One evening while 5 couples came to our house for dinner the subject of Stock'S Bakery somehow came up in our conversation. Steve ( a friend ) raved about the pound cake and said he was going there in a few days. Myself never want to miss out on something that might really good said I would join him. We live in N.J. And Stock's is in Philly Pa. Not really that far. We went on a Saturday morning and I figured the place would be really busy, and I was. There is enough help that we were in and out with in 10 minutes. You have several choice of plane, marbled white and  chocolate  icing. I order chocolate. They dropped the cake on a scale and you pay by the pound. It weighed nearly 5 lbs. cost around $11.
In the car on the way home a cut off a slice. I was hooked on it. The was the best. I have been back and purchased more for friend. It freezes really well.
they have the best pastries in town which includes their world famous cheese cakes, pound cakes, doughnuts, tea bisciuts,,.  all in all the best bakery in the city of philly soory about south philly but we got the best thing going today.
I am from Chicago born and raised. I had heard that Stock's has the best pound cake in Philly and since I love pound cake, I knew I had to one day pay a visit. Well I finally had my chance since I had to be in Philly this past weekend. We stopped in on a Saturday around 11:30am. No lines which was great. I was told the most popular flavors are the plain vanilla and marbled with chocolate frosting. So I got one of each. They were weighed on the scale and I paid $26 for 2 of the cakes. Cash only. The cakes were so moist and delicious. Truly the best pound cake I have tasted. Paying a visit to Stock's bakery was worth my visit to Philly. I even brought a vanilla pound cake home back to Chicago
I just don't get the appeal of the pound cake.  It is very underwhelming.  Way to dense, way to much shortening (I don't know what they will do when they outlaw trans fats)  I do like the danish.  I will pass on the butter cake. Nowhere near as good as the danish bakers.  I know I'm in the minority, but if I went another day and never had another stocks cake, I wouldn't miss it.
Poundcake and cakes (best in Philly).  Cash only.  Closed on Sundays.  That's all you need to know.
Best Pound Cake anywhere!!! Yummy butter cookies, tasty doughnuts, worth the 30 minute drive from my house to get a yummy pound cake. Stocks is also a great bakery because the pound cakes are deliverable. you can deliver them and send them through the states to other relatives and even to soldiers overseas!! My mom shipped 2 loaves of pound cake to my brother who was in Afghanistan and he received it and it tasted just the same as it wouldve if he was home! I would definetly reccomend Stocks to any one who never had it!!
Butter cake. Cookies. "Off-Boston" creme donughts. And of course, the legendary pound cake... There's a reason this place is iconic. Cheap, excellent, fast, lovely service.
This review is for the pound cake because that's all I've ever had here. The pound cake is out of this world amazing. I have taken it to many dinner parties as a dessert and it's gotten unanimous praise. It's so buttery and delicious, especially good with an ice cold glass of milk. A few words of caution - don't be at home alone with one. You will not be able to control yourself. It's a blessing and a curse to have this so close to home!
I can only attest to their delicious cookies.  

One of the company reps that comes to my office every now and then brought these in for the holidays and boy oh boy did that make me :).  I took some home to share and we both really enjoyed them.  

The shortcake cookie was the bomb- soft and chewy on the inside and just slightly crispy on the outside.  Not to mention it was in the shape of a bell (perhaps the LIBERTY bell?!?).  

I'll have to go and check out their pound cake based on other people's recommendation.
Maybe it's because I grew up on them that I don't think they are amazing.  They are good, don't get me wrong.  But not amazing.  It's cake.  Their cookies are horrible.  They are one trick ponies and that trick is pound cake.  It weighs about five pounds and tastes like salty flour.  It's not that wonderful, but its a tradition.  I'll have it again soon!
Excellent quality pound cake. Consistently dense and lucious. If you want to know why people love this bakery, check it out for yourself and join the majority of customers with discerning tastebuds, who have discovered the difference between very good and simply AMAZING.
Can't really go wrong barging into a holiday party if you have this white brick in your hand. It is so delicious (and heavy) no one can resist. I have had it many times before, but this was my first time getting to the bakery. They were beginning to run low on regular pound cakes... but there was no issue even just hours before closing on the day before Easter. 

Will definitely keep this in my back pocket when needing to grab something very "Philadelphia" for a party... It is easier and cheaper than I thought!
I stopped here for the first time today after my boyfriend brought home a Stock's pound cake the other day. 

As others noted, there are TONS of "Cash Only" signs. Like, all over the place. The signage doesn't bother me, but I am one of those people who pretty much never has cash (for example, today I had a whopping $4 in my wallet. Luckily the b/f had enough cash to cover us) and so I think cash-only places are a bit inconvenient, for me at least. 

It smells WONDERFUL when you walk in. It immediately brought me back to my teenage years working in a bakery. They have four lines for you to wait on, which makes transactions move rather smoothly. There were only about 4 other patrons in the store when we went in, so it wasn't a big deal, but I can imagine this being really helpful when the place gets crowded. The one weird thing I noticed was that it was weirdly silent...no music playing or anything. I felt like I should've been whispering or something. 

Ok, onto the pound cake. As I mentioned earlier, my boyfriend brought some home the other day, and oh my god. Initially when I heard about people talking about Stock's pound cake, I was kind of like, "eh, it's pound cake." Like, how impressive can pound cake be? But, WOW. I guess I never had strong pound cake feelings before because I was eating mediocre pound cake. I can't even really describe what was so good about it, just that it was GOOD. Wait, the only part I actually didn't like was the icing (and this is coming from someone who LOVES sweet things). The cake itself was so perfect that I don't think it even needed anything else on it, plus I thought the icing was OVERLY sweet and kinda "crunchy," if this makes sense. 

So, we bought another pound cake today to bring to a friend's house tonight. And I picked up a Boston Creme donut, which was also wonderful! I'm planning on going back with a lot more than $4 to try some more of their baked goods.
My family has been drooling over and enjoying Stock's DELICIOUS pound cakes for years.  It's my favorite pound cake EV-ER.  You can slice this puppy so thin because it's so dense.  I now have many of the women at work addicted and my dad hooks them up as the delivery boy during the holidays.   I love sweets but you don't even need the icing (which is sooo yummy!) on the cake.  DEVINE : )
Outstanding pound cake.  Absolutely the best I've ever had. Cash only.
The pound cake is crazy good. Best I have ever had. Not overly sweet. Soooooo good. Great cake. U can order day before and it's ready in the morning. Try the ginger snap cookies and the cream donut too. Enjoy!!
Stocks has been an institution my entire life. Never had better pound cake anywhere. Not even close. Also try the cinnamon raisin bread if you get a chance. They only sell it on certain days and sell out fast but toasted with a little salted butter with your morning coffee and you are in heaven.
Total Philly staple.
I grew up a couple blocks from Stock's. Every year we would get the marble pound cake for special occasions/holidays. My grandma would go weekly to get plain custard pies that are honestly to die for; they only make a few a day so you have to get their bright and early! If someone claims they're from Philly and never heard of Stock's, they aren't actually from Philly. The marble pound cake with chocolate icing tastes like Christmas spirit after presents and mass. My mom even got her wedding cake from Stock's and I plan to in the future as well. With all the gentrification and diversity in the area, I'm glad Stock's has lasted so many generations. Total Philly staple; dare I say more a staple than pretzels and cheesesteaks? Love it, please never change.
If from philadelphia, you know stocks bakery has the greatest pound cake... Nuff said. Wedding cakes,birthday cakes,loafs ...never had better.
Stock's is a Philly staple. Everyone raves about the poundcake, which is well deserved, but their other treats are also delicious. The pound cake comes in many variations, regular or marbled, and with vanilla or chocolate icing on top. The cake is super rich in flavor and about as basic of a dessert as you can buy, and it's simplicity makes it even more delicious and fit for any occasion. I've ordered specialty cakes from here, too, which are also made using the signature pound cake.

As for the other treats, the donuts are offered in basic flavors, stuffed or unstuffed. They are light and fluffy and tasty. There's a few different pastries, but my favorite by far is the cheese danish... literally the best I've ever had. Pricing is insanely cheap (pastries are like $1-2 and pound cakes are usually ~$12) but quality is definitely not lacking. Highly recommend the pound cake, but definitely worth your while to try other things!

I've stopped by Stock's a few times during the pandemic, and their ordering process is seamless. They have plexiglass covering from countertop to ceiling with small slots for exchanging cash and change. They regulate how many people can come inside, and everyone, including those working, must be wearing masks. If you need a sweet fix, Stock's is always a great place to go, and it's even better now that they're taking the proper precautions!!
My cousin brought us two pound cakes from Stock's this Christmas.  HEAVENLY!  We almost were fighting for the last slices.

My family re-located from Philadelphia to Northern New Jersey in 1970.  We have been known to do a" cheesesteak or soft pretzel" run from East Orange, N.J.  when we just had to have that taste of Philly.  Now we will add Stock's to our list.  LOL
We had a small wedding (50 people) and we weren't even going to have a wedding cake, but my husband really wanted one. I didn't want to spend a billion dollars, but I did want something that would be very good. Stock's was my only choice. They make the BEST cakes! We ordered a two-tier cake for 50 people, plus another smaller cake (25 people) for my Dad's birthday that we also had at the wedding. BOTH cakes were eaten at the wedding! We ended up with one chunk that we ate in the car after the wedding. Stock's cakes are perfect and luscious pound cakes with traditional white frosting. The cake is perfectly moist and not too dense, and the frosting is the perfect texture and flavor. I am so happy we used Stock's! We ordered a few days in advance and picked up the cakes two days before the wedding. We kept them in the fridge and they were perfect by the wedding.
The best pound cake you can buy! Give for Xmas gifts every year!

Also have great doughnuts and sticky buns along with cookies. The lines at Xmas time exemplifies how good this 5 generation bakery is!
My review is for the original pound cake with vanilla icing. It's really the best pound cake I have ever had. Very light, moist, and soft texture with perfect sweetness. Definitely get this. There are also plain with chocolate icing, and the chocolate swirl version. Almost $10 per pound cake. They have pies, danish, and butter cake that they are famous for. Cash only
Who doesn't love some stock pound cake? If you don't, something is wrong with you. Stocks is a Philadelphia institution, I grew up on the stuff. Today I was there picking up a cake. It turned out great as usual. I will continue to support this small business. They over other sweets like cookies and donuts as well. They do lose a star for being cash only. It's 2017, I hate having to go to the bank or wawa to get cash. Great memories with this place though. 5 stars for the product itself but 4 stars overall.
Pound Cake...'nuff said.

OK, not really. Everything I've ever tried here is really good, and since I used to be their UPS driver for many years, they were some of the best customers I had as far as being nice etc. The only thing I can knock is the location. From any direction you're either crossing Aramingo ave in a crappy area, or worse, navigate up from Richmond street. Aside from that they make the best pound cake ever.
This is a small bakery with very, very, very limited items, and what they sell doesn't even taste good. Strike one they don't sell pound cake by the slice. Hello, Not everyone wants a whole pound cake. Strike 2 they only sell about 7 different types of cookies and use the same bland white cookie dough for every one, even chocolate chip. White, tasteless chocolate chip cookies anyone? I'll pass. Strike 3 I tried 2 of the 3 types of donuts they sell and they just weren't good at all. Not even worth going here unless you live like right around the corner, want sweets and have no other options.
Stopped in at Stock's for the first time. Had to try their pound cake. Purchased the cake with the chocolate frosting. It is very good, but I would not call it exceptional. Great selection of very fresh pastry and rolls.
Going to get my stocks today. You no your home when you hear mom unwrap stocks cake.
I agree with previous reviewer that it is butter and salt abuse and that's EXACTLY why it is sooooo lucious.  When I want a pound cake I think of the actual recipe which is a pound of flour, a pound of butter and a pound of sugar.

There is NO better in the city.
Very dense and thick.
I usually like airy pastries but this was a very good pound cake. 
The line was very long and many people were buying like more than 10 for holidays.

It is sold by weights and I paid about $12 for mine.

Everyone seemed to be getting vanilla so I got the same. 
Maybe I will try Marble next time.
Their marbles pound cake is the ultimate Philly staple. Also don't forget that it's cash only... I usually do.
Fast, friendly service at this busy neighborhood spot. I like to go in for sticky buns and donuts. The pound cake is, in fact, awesome, which is why I never buy it. it freezes well, but I still manage to eat it all way too quickly. Try the chop suey - it's like a hot cross bun got in a brawl with a scone. Oh and the tea biscuits are a Philadelphia tradition done as well here as anywhere.
I love this place and their top-notch cakes and confections. And yes...that damn pound cake is the best around.
I have been eating Stock's poundcake for 15 years and it is awesome! Definitely gives you a sugar rush! I ordered a birthday cake from Stocks recently and everyone was blown-away. The poundcake is just so good and priced very well. 

Good to note that it is cash only. The building is pretty non-descriptive so keep your eyes out or you may miss it. And, if you can't get to their location, the poundcakes are sold through other buisnesses (the Newtown Farmers market in Newtown, PA (Bucks County) for example).
I truly cannot imagine my birthday without a Stock's cake.  The pound cake is the star. Dense, rich and delicious.  Top it off with their signature vanilla icing and it's out of this world.  If you haven't tried the pound cake, you're missing out.
Be careful when looking for this bakery.  If you blink, you will literally miss it.  There is no awning nor any signs outside or in the window announcing their presence, minus a tiny sign in the window that you will miss if you're whizzing by in your car.

Every single time I ever went in here there were hardly any pastries in their display cases.  I actually thought at one point in my life that all they ever did was make cakes.  But, eventually, I did manage to get my hands on a doughnut, which turned out to be okay (not the worst, but also not the best I've ever had).

While growing up, anything I ever got from Stock's was their round cake: Christmas cakes, Easter cakes, and my birthday cakes from the time I was a baby until around the age of 27, so I believe my credentials are in order here.  
Yes, their pound cake is definitely one of the best I've ever tasted, but is it the best ever?  Not at all.  I never, ever had their so-called bar cake until my 20s - and that was entirely too heavy.  

After a long vacation, I recently had a taste of Stock's legendary pound cake and actually wasn't that impressed with it.  It's amazing what happens when you expand your horizons, try other things, and then come back to the thing you thought was so wonderful.

It was tasty, but the taste was flat.  It didn't jump out at me as other pound cakes have.  It was moist, though, I'll give it that.

Stock's IS good, but definitely not worth all this hype.  Sorry.
There is nothing I can write to emphasize how awesome the poundcake is.  Perfect texture, perfect frosting.  Priced by the pound, one of these sweet babies cost me about $9, but it was worth every penny. 

Take cash and some patience for the wait you'll endure until you can cut into the cake and eat it.  Or just bring some utensils so you can nosh on it immediately exiting the bakery.
My family has been eating Stock's poundcake since before I was born...so I was practically raised on the faire.  I will admit, I love their poudcake; however, its the diamond sugar raised donuts that I love the best.  They are delicious.  They are as close to fasnacht donuts as one can get--and you can buy them year around.
My second favorite...the buttercake.  Probably the tastiest buttercake I've had, yet I very rarely buy because its been downsized dramatically yet the price stayed the same as the larger size.  A few years back, you could serve 1 Stock's buttercake for dessert and satisfy my family of 4. Now I would need to buy 2.  I asked the manager about the reduction.  She said "The tin supplier discontinued that size aluminum pan.  Really?  Not sure I believe that; but definately try the sugar raised donuts.
This is the first time I have been here and it is a busy 'In and Out' kind of corner bakery. There were maybe 5 women behind the counter tending to customers. I came for the pound cake but decided to get a danish as well, crumb to be specific. I realize it is an in and out bakery. But I waited patiently in line while several birthday cake orders and a dad with 2 small boys an the morning pastry list to fill. It is part of the atmosphere. However, when it was my turn, I immediately asked for the vanilla iced pound cake. She started wrapping it and I inquired about its price because there are no prices on the trays or a board extensive enough to include their baked goods. She said this one was $11.50, she seemed reluctant to keep wrapping it up...?? I said ok, thats fine, I would also like a donut or something similar. I am looking around, I smile, keep looking, I notice the entire time she seems to be looking left, looking right, I am boring her and don't have her attention. It would have been nice if she asked if I had been there before, or offered to help narrow my selections down to the best one for me. Customer Service in my opinion could use some fine tuning. The pound cake was moist, firm. I would have preferred the vanilla icing on top to be firm as well. It isn't. It is sticky enough to pull away with the vacuum plastic wrap they put the pound cake in. The firm icing is really a personal preference. I may go again, but i really felt rushed. I would like a second to look at all they have, I don't know if this kind of bakery or bakery staff offers the kind of environment to foster that. Fast fast fast, in and out.... is fine for regulars who have always been regulars but how does one become a regular if you aren't already? Give someone a smile and some help or a recommendation not the cold shoulder.
the pound cake was good, but the problem I have is that my husband walked in this place and they act like they did not want to wait on him , the customer service is very bad  if you are of a different background we will not be back . do not go to this place lost a lot of points with us. if you want bad customer service go here but I would stay out.
The best pound cake.  The lemon meringue pie is reasonable and very good.  Counter staff was friendly every time I went.
If you love pound cake, you'll love Stocks! They have been around for years so, I guess they really know how to make the most delicious cakes in town! They have a lot of experience under their aprons!  

Whether,  it's a special occasion or just want something tasty- it's worth the stop. They make the best butter cookies in the world too! They are buttery good and melt in your mouth. Addicting and so delicious! When you see the name STOCKS on the box, you know you got the best cake ever!!
I have to confess, I have never personally been to Stocks but I work with a very good friend who is from the North and he got me hooked on Stock's  pound cakes. OMG! They are the best thing. Every time he goes to Philly or anywhere in that area he picks me up some and I can't think him enough. Someday I hope to get there in person.
This place is a local, hidden gem! Their pound cake is to die for and what most come for. However, Don't forget about their other baked goods! Their donuts are amazing. 
This is a to go type joint, not somewhere you'd go to eat. 

They've taken some huge steps to keep their employees and customers safe during these times. For a small business I applaud them. Keep number of customers to a certain number, managed by a girl at the door. Have plexiglass up between "stations" and between you and the employee.

Love this place!!!! Must go to if  you're local
Philly is known for a lot of things, some good, some bad. For foodies Philly of course is the ubiquitous cheesesteak, and lesser known to some, the roast pork sandwich, Philly pretzels of course, and various ethnic specialties abound, although many seem to be dying off. But Stocks, now this is one gem that not all that many people know about.

Up in a nondescript area of North Philly lies this little corner bakery that makes the absolute best butter poundcake you've ever tasted. Now, they don't make it easy for you to acquire what with a limited number of days open, long holiday breaks, zero e-commerce capability, so maybe that's part of the mystique.

Call ahead and make sure they'll be open and have what you want. Buy enough to slice up and freeze. You're welcome.

Oh and, forget about the other stores that carry Stocks. Prices are outrageous and supply is spotty at best.
I have met many people throughout Philly that rave about Stock's bakery.  Made the trip on Saturday morning and waited in the rain for half hour.  Parking is a little challenging. They had six lines inside the building moving quickly.  The choices are plain, vanilla frosted, and choc. frosted on vanilla, choc., or marble.  I ordered 11 vanilla which seemed to be the most popular.  Cakes are priced by weight.  Average is 2.5lbs. Took 10 minutes once we were in the bakery.  Each cake is sealed and wrapped at the counter in paper.  Perfect for freezing.  Tried a slice as soon as I got home and it was worth the wait.
My Dad gets cake for here for every family event.  It's really simple but we'll made.  The cake is always consistent and tasty.
I've moved back to Philadelphia and have been obsessed with those things from my childhood...and Stock's is on the list.

Seriously, the best pound cake I have ever tasted.  Period.  I'm a huge fan of the marbled cake without frosting, but they have several different varieties.  Butter cookies are equally delicious.  On Saturday, there is a LINE for their sticky buns.  So get there early if you want them.

Closed on Monday and it's cash only...that's my only complaint :D
Mmmm didn't even realize I liked pound cake this much until I had stocks.  Moist, rich, dense and the perfect vessel for some strawberries and whipped cream.  A great treat!
Called to order a cake for relatives that are coming in from Louisiana !
However when I asked about a rainbow of colored flowers was told I could only pick one color 
Then when viewing pictures on yelp almost every birthday cake shown has multiple colors
Absolutely the best pound cake ever! Their birthday cakes are decadent and colorful and the cake itself just makes your mouth water!
The famous pound cake was DELICIOUS! Perfectly soft and dense with a great buttercream frosting. I only tried the plain vanilla and loved it--and I'm neither a big vanilla nor a big pound cake fan. Definitely an inexpensive and tasty treat to bring to a party to share. The one we had stayed fresh for a little over a week (and disappeared before it had a chance to go stale!). I didn't refrigerate it, just left it wrapped in cellophane on the counter and it was fine.

I also tried their cookies, which were good but not amazing. The shop is definitely worth a visit--it feels like you're taking a step back in time. Lots of white flour, white sugar, old-timey sort of treats. Not so great if you're a huge chocolate fan.
This is the best pound cake in the world!!!! I get it for every holiday. The birthday cake is good too. This place is highly recommended by every body in the Philadelphia region. It is a definite a must try place!!!
Great pound cake.  Was doubtful at first, but after ordering a cake for my husband's birthday.  I'm convinced. Highly recommend.
