The name "Sushi Planet" conjures up images of white formica tables,  bright neon lighting, and the worst kind of conveyor-belt-style sushi. Fortunately, the real Sushi Planet offers none of these things.  Instead, it's just a great neighborhood BYO sushi joint. The fish is fresh, the rolls are reasonably-priced, and the ambiance is casual but nice enough for a date or a girls' night out. (It's a loud and young-ish crowd, though, so maybe not the best place to bring the in-laws.)  I wouldn't call Sushi Planet authentic - I'm not sure I've ever seen a Japanese person working there, in any capacity - but it's the deliciousness that counts in my book.

The rolls can take a long time to come out from the sushi bar, so you might consider starting with some edamame, or other appetizer of your choice. They used to bring out free appetizers and sake, but that doesn't seem to happen anymore. Sad.  All the same, I'm sure I'll keep coming back time and time again!
For those of you who are always in search of a great sushi spot in the city, do not bother visiting this place. I read the mixed reviews but decided to go in with an open mind regardless. 

At first, the inventive rolls litsted seemed promising, but when we ate what was served to us it had absoutely no flavor. Literally, all the rolls just tasted like rice balls. To boot, the soy sauce must have been watered down to cut cost. It tasted only like salty brown water. When we asked the server if she could give us a full bottle of soy sauce from the back, she said she couldn't, but gave us another sm. bottle from another table, which was just as flavorless as the first. What sushi restaurant serves flavorless soy sauce!? The irony for me is that I usually think soy sauce is too salty. Those having to watch their blood pressure need not worry about this place.  

The kicker was when I would place a mound of Wasabi on a roll (enough to make you cry a river) I wasn't even phased, b/c even that barely had taste!

Who cares how creative the rolls are, if you can't taste it why bother eating there!? For the first time ever, we left a bunch of rolls on the plate b/c they just weren't appetizing enough to finish. Please do not waste your time going there.
I kind of don't want to review this place, because I want to keep it my little secret.  It's THAT good.  

   I know it's got a stupid name, but once you see the chic little interior, and the beautiful, tasty platters that come out from behind the bar, then you get this insanely cheap bill, you are going to forget alllllllllll about that silly silly name.  How does it go?  A rose is still a rose...
I think only thing cool about this place is their delivery service (online system).

Spicy Tuna - where's the kick?  nowhere. and i thought they were disappearing as i stared at them since they were so tiny.
Apple Roll- decent amount for the price and the fresh apple added some texture & taste to the dry and bland roll...but it is still $$ 
Tex mex - wow. terrible..and $$!!!  dried up pieces of chicken with a slice of jalapeno/spicy sauce.. the idea was pretty creative and it has a potential to improve....if there's more stuff to it...and better stuff in it. 
Love for Tuna - love failed. sashimi on all of the rolls were not fresh at all. Doesn't all sushi restaurants restock their ingredients for dinner? 

OVERALL - Terrible Rice, Smallest rolls I've seen for paying $6-13...and not-so-fresh sashimi used for the rolls. 

I feel bad for giving 1-Star but it is unacceptable that only thing that was juicy/fresh was the ginger.
I prefer not to go into great detail, but after our lunch here the other week, my friend got horribly ill.  This was our go-to sushi spot in our neighborhood, but I don't think we'll be returning!  So sorry, Sushi Planet!  Please do whatever you have to do to get better!
It seems fair for me to review Sushi Planet since it is the first restaurant I have checked out soley because of responses on Yelp. I think people below giving the 5 star reviews are friends of owners/workers or have some other biased opinion, because it is not that great. It is by no means terrible but definitely not 5 stars. 

The food was all pretty good especially for the price. The bass carpaccio was swimming in a ponzu vinaigrette that completely over powered the fish. The knife skills on the fish were also terrible, I am not an expert, but the fish was shredded into tiny pieces and piled on top of each other. With that said, the fish did seem fresh and the vinaigrette was tasty, and the price was great, it was $6 for about 9 sashimi size pieces of fish(estimate as a few pieces were shredded) . The big bummer of the night was my roll. I ordered a special roll and was expecting to get entree sized portion... eight pieces(the normal). BUT when it came there were five pieces?!? Pretty much only half of the roll. Who serves five pieces of sushi? It was obvious the chef only served me half the roll. When I asked it the server tried to explain that there was no exact science to how he cut it. Bullshit. 

To top it all off the first half of our dinner was spent listening to a waitress complaining about some customers that had just left and tried to stiff her because she didn't have the correct change to give her.

This place is by no means great, mediocore at best. The free sake and appetizer were nice. I might go back but it's not on the top of my list.
First off, the pictures uploaded by the business on Yelp are not accurate at all. What we got were way mininature-rized versions of the rolls (see pic). Being on a busy studying schedule, we thought it would be a good idea to order delivery and the idea of delivery sushi sounded very appealing. Sadly, I was very disappointed.

I ordered and waited over an hour for them to come, even though they are only 7 blocks away (yea, I know I'm lazy). We even had to call them again.  We got four rolls for about $40 dollars so I just basically spent $20 bucks on a bad dinner. 

What we ordered:

1) Apple Roll ($13.25, WTH?!) : OK I don't know what I was thinking when I ordered this. I guess the sound of apple in a sushi roll sounded interesting. What we got however, was a different story. A small sushi roll with a very thin piece of salmon and tuna on the outside, and a tiny piece of yellow tail in the inside. What made up the core of the roll? LOTS of apples. I couldn't even taste the fish. SO hmm I guess I paid 13 bucks for mostly apple slivers. 

2) Love for Tuna ($10): There is no love here. I am in disbelief how tiny this roll is for being $10. It was the same size as the non-specialty rolls and at twice the price. To make matters worse, I decided to just eat a piece of the Tuna separate from the roll. Talk about not fresh. It was dry and grainy... SAY WHAT? Dry and grainy tuna?? YEA....

3) Tex-Mex ($8.50): Again, sounded very appealing and fun with having jalapeno. Again, teeny tiny, and the chicken inside.... SO DRY AGAIN! UGH!

4) Spicy Tuna ($5.50): This one was okay, more spiciness would've been better.

And the rice wasn't fresh either! Overall, everything was bland and boring. Most flavorful thing I had during this meal? The ginger. WILL NOT be returning. I've had better sushi at grocery stores than this. I'd give it one star but the lunch I had there once was okay so it redeems a star for that.
We moved to Philadelphia in July from NYC and Sushi Planet has quickly become one of our favorite restaurants. The sushi is always fresh and creative.  The chef frequently offers a complimentary appetizer and sake.  The staff is friendly and attentive. We'll return again and again...
Complimentary cucumber salad: soggy & tough with a gross flavor.

Coke: flat, no ice.

Coke returned, no apology, no bev alternative offered.

Miso soup: room temperature. This pissed me off.

Sashimi: beautiful presentation did not fix the fish, which was chewy & flavorless - and miniscule. i.e., cut the size of a Cheez-It or a church wafer. The otoro was especially terrible, as though it had been frozen.

Tempura: again, great presentation, nice texture, yet foiled by the watery, flavorless dipping sauce, making the dish as a whole suck.

Sashimi portion was so pathetic, my meal boiled down to a plate of fried yuck.

Staff did not seem to have their job down. Running through the restaurant, retracing steps to pick up things they forgot. Created a tense, unrestful vibe. This vibe was reinforced by the unfortunate music choice, a single, tension-building measure from the previously unreleased atonal Twilight Zone soundtrack.

For $40, I'd rather have a slice of cardboard pizza and a cheap hooker. Foul as that sounds, at least I'd get what I wanted.
This restaurant is the kind of operation that makes me continue to try new places, cause every once and a while you find a gem that nails service, ambiance, price and taste. The fact that its a sushi place that delivers just takes it over the top.

The presentation of both the space - v. chic, clean, comfortable - and the plates - simple, appetizing not hokey, even (dare I say it) beautiful- are clearly the product of careful thought. The menu doesn't try to be everything to everyone but still keeps it interesting - try the bass carpaccio and the unagi kabayaki. And the quality of ingredients and over all flavor is on par with some of the much pricier places in the city. 

I am totally gone for S-p'net (I'm tryin to work with the less than stellar name) and happy that everyone I have sent there has reported back that they too received the spectacular service and tastey eats. 

Well done.
Just so we're clear...we've ordered from Sushi Planet 4 times.  They were new to the neighborhood so I've held off on posting a review, but 'm officially over it!  The first 3 times they got out order wrong, overcharged us and took too long to deliver.  All three times they apologized profusely and tried to make amends.  This time is too much.  We ordered at 6:25pm and I'm writing this review at 7:45 and our food is still not here.  The food is decent to begin with, certainly not worth waiting for.  I would avoid ordering from there ever again.  Do yourself a favor and invest your time and effort to walk to two additional blocks to Hikaru.   Hikaru is reliable, attentive wait staff and we've never had an extraordinary wait.  Sushi Planet TWO THUMBS DOWN!

Update: We just got our sushi after an hour and 30 minutes.  The sushi was decent but they forgot two of our rolls. So even though they gave us 1/2 off it was half off of an incomplete order.
We came here for a friends' bday and started out here celebrations here for dinner.  

The sushi wasn't bad, although I highly recommend that you order an entree/appetizer to go with it, in case you are hungry.  The sushi didn't fill me up, but I am glad that I at least ordered an appetizer in advance.

The servers were very polite (and cute), but for some reason it took an hour to get our food. They did bring a few dishes that were on the house, but still it seemed to take forever to get our food.

Anyway not a bad place, but be sure to go here with more than enough time available.
I'm really lukewarm about this place.
I didn't hate it, but I didn't really like it either.

The sushi was fine, I guess. The rice was undercooked, though, so each roll was a little crunchy in a not-so-good way.
The service was also fine, I guess. It felt a little uncomfortable, but she was nice enough.

I don't know if they're still serving the complimentary items, but we didn't receive any. If not, fine. If so, why?
I first came here due to a recommendation by a fellow co-worker. It turned out to be a great decision because Sushi Planet has since become my favorite go-to sushi place in Philly. I went with three other friends and we all agreed it was a great experience. 
The restaurant is somewhat small, but has a nice atmostphere featuring pastel mint colored walls and colorful artwork. Our friendly server started us out with a complimentary sashimi dish. It was delicious! Our sushi roll entrees turned out to be hits as well. I had the On Fire roll and it was a great combination of texture, freshness and spiciness. I also had the seaweed salad, which is one of my fav appetizers on any Japanese  menu. I rarely order it though because it is usually very overpriced (5-7 dollars for a little bowl)however at this place it is pretty cheap (4 dollars). In fact, all of their prices are very wallet-friendly and the sushi is great, too! In addition, it's a byo, another wallet-friendly aspect. My one friend, who wasn't a sushi-lover at the time, ordered the teriyaki salmon which was also delicious. The sauce was flavorful, the salmon was nicely cooked and the broccoli was perfectly steamed with just the right amount of salt. . 
My only complaint is that after the meal, they brought out some complimentary saki for all of us. I was excited because I had never tried it before. Although I like all kinds of liquor and wine, I did not like sake, though I have hope it will grow on me. The real disappointment came when we got the check which listed a small fee for the complimentary saki. Although it wasn't much, the principle of the matter bothered me. Why should we have to give you any money for something that we didn't ask for and was supposed to be complimentary?

 In spite of that, I still love this place. Just two days ago I stopped in for lunch to go while on my break from work. I was pleased to find that they have a lunch menu that is a great deal, especially for the city. I got two different sushi rolls and a salad with their yummy ginger dressing for only 10 dollars. This place is definitely worth trying for nice atmostphere, friendly staff, excellent sushi and very reasonable prices.
After exhausting our neighborhood sushi selection (at least of the decently rated ones on Yelp), we've slowly been trying out sushi joints in outlying areas. We ended up having access to a car one recent evening and opted to utilize its awesome travel powers to swing by a new place, Sushi Planet. I ordered online via their website system (no issues and pretty straightforward), jumped in the car and did a drive-by take-out hit. Flawless.

We got home, opened up our neatly packaged sushi and dove in, chopsticks clicking hungrily. I took a bite of my standard fave roll, spicy scallop, and...eh. Usually I'm drooling over it, regardless of where I got it, but for some reason this time I just wasn't getting that sensual, silky, spicy in just the right way taste. It was just...eh. Not bad, but not amazing, like a muted flavor. I decided to try our other rolls with more mixed results:

Apple Roll (yellowtail with apples, topped with tuna, salmon and masago): really didn't do it for me. I was expecting some awesome freshness from the apple but nope. I ended up only having one piece.

Emperor Roll (Scallop tempura, avocado, scallions, spicy tuna topped with super white tuna): this one was pretty tasty, actually. The plethora of fish made for one big bite (or two for me), so the amount of rice was pretty minimal relatively.

On Fire Roll (Eel, avocado topped with crunchy spicy tuna): again, with this one the taste seemed muted. Maybe it was the rice? It did seem like there was more rice than usual for each roll - also, these rolls where cut into HUGE pieces. I can't fit those into my teeny, tiny mouth. 

I will say that the fish was fresh, so maybe they're just not so great with their specialty rolls? Or maybe I was having a meh night when it came to sushi? I still think this place is worth another shot, but I'll stick with the basics for that try. The waitress was really nice when I arrived, and they definitely roll out the sushi fast since it took them the same time to make my order as it did to drive from Rittenhouse area to them. Still, if you can't make me drool over a spicy scallop roll, something is missing. The question is - what?
I went here with my girlfriend and another couple this past Saturday.  We had a great time the food great and relatively cheap I think for two couples - under $100.  The service was good.  I split a Globalization platter which is a Huge 12pcs assortment of sushi, spider roll, dancing eel, spicy salmon roll, tuna roll.  A couple other ones things we ordered that were good were the Love for Tuna  which is Tuna avocado topped with fresh tuna & crispy shallots.  Also the Eggplant roll was really good, and the Tofu.  

     The service was good.  The setting was good.  It is BYOB, which I always feel is a plus.

     Very nice dinner.
It is against my nature to eat at the same restaurant more than a few times.  However, the one restaurant in philadelphia that breaks my pattern is sushi planet.

I have had american sushi throughout philadelphia, new york, and miami and have yet to come across a place that rivals sushi planet in atmosphere/quality/customer service that is even close to its price point.

I have come to learn that santos (the main chef) is not only a
graduate of the culinary institute of america but he learned to make sushi at a well-known restaurant in philadelphia. It rhymes with "santimoto."

If you haven't discovered this place yet, do it.
Just don't go on sat night without a reservation.

Oh yeah, they have brown rice too!
Fresh. Fast. Delicious. Relatively inexpensive for sushi. Free delivery and online ordering. What more could you want? 

Overall I was impressed and it definitely beats some of the other places I have tried for Sushi in Philly.
You can not beat this place! 
First - It's BYOB
2nd - They give you free sake EVERY time after your meal and two free starters - pickled cucumbers (but they don't taste like pickles!) and some kind of sea bass carpaccio ( i think that's what it is called).
OK -- now the sushi is REALLY GOOD. It's not the BEST i have ever had but it's pretty damn good and reasonably priced.
They have two rolls worth mentioning:
The volcano roll. Its an avacado roll toppd with crab dip.....Its heaven in your mouth!
The apple roll.. Its a yellow tail roll with apple and a little bit of cream cheese inside.. its also amazing - the apple is not overbearing at all - it just gives the roll a little crunch.
When the husband and I go there (and we have probably been like 15 times because we live so close) we usually share 5-6 rolls and with tip our bill always comes b/w 45-55$.
We really debated between three and four stars for Sushi Planet, and after thinking it through, there are definitely more pros than cons.  We picked up a a Groupon and a nice bottle of wine and made our way up to Bainbridge to kick start our Saturday night with a lot of sushi.

They were crowded, and I was glad I made a reservation.  Service was prompt and consistent throughout the entire meal, and while it wasn't fast, at least I didn't find myself asking where they were all night.  The atmosphere is clean, somewhat modern, and comfortable.  It is a very small space though.

I really appreciated that they allowed us to make some equal priced substitutions on the "Globalization" menu offering.  It was a nice touch.  The sushi had well-cut pieces, and everything was very fresh.  It wasn't over sauced or riced like some other places we've been to.
Initially when this place opened I was kind of put off by how sterile the decor was. However, the sushi was fresh and interesting. Craving sushi one afternoon I was pleasantly surprised to find it had undergone a face lift.  It is now slightly more upscale yet welcoming without feeling too classy for a quick lunch. Again, the food is delightfully fresh and creative. Round all that out with friendly staff and prompt service and you really can't go wrong.
Horrible and made ten times worse by the worst customer service I have seen in Philadelphia. The girl at the register was soo rude. I did not understand why she was treating me so badly. There was not even a disagreement. She was rude from the moment I walked in the door. I would not go here. Her attitude was so bad that I didn't feel safe eating the soup that she retrieved from the back. She rolled her eyes at me, yelled at me and then mumbled something in Chinese about me, because I didn't hear something that she said.  I guess that she is racist? Who knows... All I know, is the sushi was mediocre, I've had better from the grocery store. And the service was hostile. Also, there's roaches. I was there today... Saw a roach run past with a piece of rice.
Fairly subpar in a city with many other sushi options.

The uni was awful here - either extremely not fresh or sprayed with Windex-flavored juice.  I ordered 5 rolls, Agedashi tofu, and ice cream mochi (3).  Everything that looked interesting seemed to include avocado and cucumber, which could be acceptable but not particularly creative.  Flavor was lacking in every roll unless doused in medium grade wasabi.  The pumpkin roll was an interesting creation but still lacking in much flavor.  The fish wasn't particularly fresh but not terribly old either.  On the plus side, the Agedashi tofu was fantastically prepared and presented very well.  The mango mochi was an unusual offering with an excellent wrap and flavorful ice cream.  The green tea and red bean mochis were less pleasant and I felt they had freezer burn.  Service was reasonable, water was refilled constantly.  Décor very simple and not distracting.

Agadashi tofu win.  Mango mochi win.  Everything else, not so good.
Cheers.
I came here on a Sunday night with the movitvation of going out with my friends. I was still slightly new to the world of Sushi but thought I would give it a chance. It was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G in every way. First off, the ambiance is so chill and zen, the perfect place for a night out with friends or a quiet date. 

Two chefs stand nearby openly creating fabulous dishes for all to see. An attractive and attentive server brought us a complimentary plate of spanish mackerel sashimi, covered in shitake mushrooms, scallions and other yummy flavors.  The menu kicks ass and is reasonably priced.
Sushi rocked in taste and presentation.

So I'm just saying....you should definitely go. My new favorite place
I am not hard to please at restaurants, all I need is a server that isn't miserable, my water to be refilled frequently, and decent food.

This place matched all of those criteria. I enjoyed my sushi and my appetizers. I appreciate that this place in byob and the staff did not try to rush us out when we came in sort of late on a Saturday night.

Free pickled vegetables and a constantly full water glass sealed the deal for the fourth star.
Finals grind = eating at our local corner store every night. After fifteen days of Moshe's Vegan Sandwiches and Red Bull, we needed a change of pace.

As we can't leave the house, due to studying and our lack of hygienic practices at this time, we stumbled across Sushi Planet over GrubHub. 

It literally came to the minute GrubHub told us it would with no problems with the delivery man/boy/sir (which happens EVERYTIME we order out Asian, aka frantic phone calls that need a translator).

IT WAS AMAZING! The roe was perfect, miso soup was not too "fishy/seaweedy" tasting. The Spicy Tuna Tempura wrap was TO. DIE. FOR. We also got the Volcano Roll that was very, very good except some parts of the spicy spread on top had large chunks of cream cheese. 

Yeah, just do it. DO IT!
Sushi Planet is reasonably priced, very friendly, and delicious.  They treat you very well here.  There is a possibility the sushi chef will entice you with complimentary menu items and sake(or maybe he just mistook me for someone else and that's why we were treated so nicely).

The sushi is well prepared and the fish tastes quite fresh.  It is worth a visit.
Just got delivery from sushi planet-

I don't know what happened to their sushi.  It used to be a neighborhood favorite of ours.  But tonight it was awful and I'm actually concerned we might have food poisoning.  

The house salad was at least 2 days old too.  

Avoid sushi planet !!!   Paid 70$ for nausea
Great that it's a BYOB and has more things on the menu than just sushi. But not the best sushi I've tasted and surprisingly I had a roll that was quite bland (my shrimp tempura roll! and it had salad in it which wasn't great). I think if you live close by you probably give this place higher ratings, but if you're up to stepping outside of your comfort zone, you'll find that they're way more exceptional places than this place.
The sushi/sashimi is always fresh and nicely presented! I always go here for sushi when I want consistently great quality and delivery.
My friend and I come here whenever we want to have "our night out."

The waitresses we get are always really nice and the chef usually says 'hi' when we walk in too. They always give you these thinly sliced pickles that my friend really love.

There are outdoors seating but it is a little crimped because it's on a little sidewalk.

Beware of bad drivers! We were eating outdoors one night and a car was trying to get out of their parking spot and slamed into the car behind real hard and just drove away because the owner wasn't there. They did look like they have been drinking though.
Awesome sushi. The cuts of fish are fresh and the best for the price that I've had in the City. I've ordered delivery & take-out on a number of nights and it was delicious.

When I finally went to eat-in the service was fantastic, and the house sent us out complimentary sashimi and sake. Sushi places in Philly have become a dime a dozen, but this place really does it fresh with their own (Eastern European?) twist. Delicious.
First, the positives:  The sushi is amazing, fresh, and delicious.  Usually that is enough to get a five star rating.

Second, the negatives:
1.  Service is sloooooow.  A basic dinner for two took almost 2 hours in an empty restaurant.  My glass was empty for 15 minutes before someone noticed (and after I placed it to the side so as to designate a refill), and then the refill took another 45 minutes.  Really.
2.  Sushi is overpriced.  Granted, it is delicious, but it is not worth the value.  If the service was better perhaps I would revise it later.
3.  Service is incompetent.  We were so fed up with the place that at the end we realized two pieces of nigiri were never brought out (but appeared on our bill).  We simply walked out because fighting about it was useless as we were late for a show.
I like many others purchased a groupon thinking i might as well try it. So glad i did! The rolls were really good. They also have a daily specialty roll which was fabulous(i went on a Thursday). The pickled cucumbers...which i guess are just pickles:/ were yummy. I would give the food 5 stars and the decor was really nice...They lost a star for price and service was a bit strange. I will be going back...and be on the look out for a groupon obviously they are offered alot!
have been to sushi planet many times.  their special rolls are good, but last time i went it was a bad experience.  fish was DEFINITELY not fresh.  haven't been back since.
I don't know how I missed reviewing this place! Their 10 dollar lunch special got me through school lunches. I used to eat here twice a week.

The salmon, eel, and yellowtail rolls are all great, however anything with tuna leaves something to be desired.

I haven't been in since the renovations, but I just ordered a groupon so I will be visiting again soon. This time with wine.
I owe my brother for finding this place... or not, since I usually pay. Sushi Planet has very quickly become our favorite place for sushi in Philly. Anyone can make fancy rolls (and they do that well, too), but what really stands out is how fresh their fish is, and how much variety they have.

I polished off a bowl Chriashi last night that had large portions of easily 12 different types of fish in it, and each one was great. You know you've struck gold when a place can serve you a bowl of just fish and have it go down flawlessly. Well worth the $18.

I also appreciate their generosity... the bass carpaccio and sake are always welcome.
THIS "RESTAURANT" SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN!

I just experienced the worst 2.5 hours of my life. A friend and I ventured to sushi planet, instead of going to Hikaru (I completely regret this decision now), in the hopes of finding another good sushi restaurant. WHAT AN EPIC FAIL. 

It was promising as soon as we walked in the door. Quaint decor, not too loud, and an overall friendly atmosphere. EXCEPT when we came in our table was a mess and looked like it had been sitting there dirtied for a while. We found that this was a trend over the course of the entire evening. As people finished their meals and left, tables would sit dirty for at least a half an hour. THIS WAS DISGUSTING. 

we sat down and were turned on by the food on the menu. This was the high-point in the night. Excited to be receiving my emperor roll and  my friend equally excited to chow down on some more convention sushi rolls (tuna, california), we were in high spirits. THIS IS WHERE IT BEGAN TO GO TO HELL. 

while waiting for our gyoza starter (which was over-steamed and pretty much a dumpling abortion), we were severed a conspicuous bass carpacio (only in name). It tasted like anchovies that had been sitting in crisco for at least a week. We had also seen that everyone else in the restaurant had been served the same dish as a way of compensating for their AWEFUL service. Not only was this culinary trainwreck served as a peace offering, but they served us pipping-hot sake as some sort of bribe. The sake was aweful, and if we had gotten our food in some timely manner, the rice-wine would have tainted the already mediocre sushi. But I Digress...

We waited...

And waited...

And WAITED...

I asked our server at least 3 times where our food was before i was even served my bowl of clumpy brown rice (when i asked for white rice at least three times). 

During our wait, we also whitnessed the front of house staff and sushi chefs downing wine and other alcoholic beverages. One sushi chef pompously approuached two young women with a drink in hand, boldy proclaiming that he was drinking a glass of COFFEE AND YAEGER. 

I work in a restaurant behind a bar, and even though staff may want to try a new wine or other new cocktail from time to time, no one is boozing like this. it is not becoming to see restaurant staff eating and drinking (not to mention openly toasting drinks) especially when we had been waiting an hour and a half for our 15 pieces of sushi. It is also concerning that the kitchen staff is getting drunk, especially when this restaurant serves predominately  raw seafood. 

FINALLY I APPROACH OUR THE GIRL AT THE CASH REGISTER,  WHO IS RIGHT NEXT TO THE SUSHI BAR, AND ASK IF OUR ORDER WAS ON THE WAY. SHE TELLS ME THAT THE CHEFS JUST GOT TO OUR ORDER.

WE HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR AN HOUR AND A HALF AND THE ORDER WASNT EVEN PUT IT!

The next series of events was pretty comical. we recive the food. it was mediocre. we were both starving at this point and wolfed down the sushi. Meh. 

The cash register girl comes up to us and apologizes and offers us a desert on the house. we pass. She then explains that they were "busier than usual" and had a hard time handling the volume. she then said they "had alot of take-out orders" , as to excuse the inefficiency of the drunken sushi chefs. 

When we complained about the service, the hostess tried to blame our waitress, who doesn't speak english well, for the issues. We said it wasn't her fault. Then when one of the sushi chef came over to ask what the problem was we said that we had waited an hour and a half to receive our sushi order (which was clearly rushed, as the rolls were falling apart), while he was drinking and toasting with some of the wait -staff. He then compared his sushi to Morimoto's and said we could go there and pay 200 dollars for little sushi and here it was a good deal, also bringing up that they gave us free sake and "sea bass carpaccio." We then preceded to laugh and say that we'd rather pay for good food than wait around for his mediocre sushi. 

I will never eat here again, nor will I be taking out sushi from here. 

Hopefully the manager or owner reads this and makes some changes (not that i will ever go back to see such changes)

THIS WAS BY FAR THE WORST DINING EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE. I FEEL DIRTY AND USED.
Go on Tuesdays for their 40% off all special rolls. Sushi is so overpriced no matter where you go, here I feel like I'm getting the deal of the century. Good, fresh, and I never have to wait for a table.
I'm very conflicted on what to give sushi planet.  Should it be 3 or 4? I love the sushi here, and I really love the fact that you can get free sake upon request.  I also love the little amuse bouches  prior to real meal.  

Here's what's keeps me at a 3 for right now:

The service.  It's not consistent.  Sometimes it's amazing and fast, and sometimes I have considered going across the street to ravage a "Hot Bagel" while I wait, patiently, in a close to empty restaurant, for my sushi to come out.

The mayo.  I don't want this much mayo in my spicy tuna. Ever.

I'll keep on going back because it's close and convenient and pretty good!  I think there are a few subtle issues that are keeping me from bumping up to a 4, but that could chance.  Everyone needs room to grow. :)
My fiance and I love Sushi Planet. We started with Gyoza and it was fantastic! We then had the volcano, spicy tuna, spicy scallop, Philly, spider, and salmon avocado rolls. The rolls were excellent, and we enjoyed every bit of our meal. Our favorite roll was the volcano roll, which had spicy crab sauce over lump crab meat. 

Sushi Planet is a BYOB restaurant which makes it even better! We can't wait to go back and take our friends!
My go-to sushi spot. The staff is kind -if eerily quiet. BYOB with speedy service. Very fresh fish and creative rolls.
Specialty rolls can be flavor-overload at some sushi bars, but every single one I've tried at Sushi Planet is party-in-the-mouth. They're stuffed with well-matched ingredients, rolled well, and light on the sauces. Ask for the specials, too, as they come up with some surprising (and surprisingly good) combinations.

Apps here are really good as well. The rock shrimp tempura is a staple in my diet now, and the seaweed salad might be the best I've had. If you're a fan of sashimi, the fish is incredibly fresh and delicious and will stand on its own. 

Sushi Planet loses a star for service. The servers are very, very nice, but when the restaurant gets busy, they tend to get frazzled. I've often had to ask for things twice because requests got lost in the frenzy. It's not a deal breaker by any means - just one of those things you hope they get right one of these days.
I ate here with my girlfriends last week and it was really good. The seaweed salad was good and served in a martini glass and the edamame was good as well. We each had 8 regular rolls and 2 specialty rolls. All together are bill was $90. We had groupon for here so it was even cheaper. We will definitely go back. The atmosphere was warm. A great place to go with your friends, family or even a date. It is also a BYOB so your money can really go far here. It is also 1 block from south street so after dinner you can go to the bars on south street or any of the other bars around the queens village section.
The sushi is overpriced, the restaurant is cramped, and the takeout service is very slow. It's nice for a trendy date (BYO), but I've had better sushi.
I finally joined Yelp - the first place I wanted to review: Sushi Planet. My husband and I have been coming here for a long time. We first found out about this place online while we were searching for sushi BYO's. I can't count the number of times we've eaten in and taken food out. Never once have they messed up an order, and the avocado salad is *amazing.* The ginger dressing is delicious. The people that work there are super nice, and sometimes we get free food. It's our go-to sushi joint and I've never had a bad experience. Don't let the funny name deter you!
I will never ever in Life patronize this establishment again!!! I ordered a green salad. Open shuffling my salad, underneath I see a long piece of white hair. I whispered to the waitress of what I saw, she comes back with the same dish and says THE COOK SAYS its nothing, probably from the chop stick. I politely say, well I rather not eat this salad, please make a new one. She comes back and tells me the cook says He's not making a new one!!!!! Wtf!!!!!!! Are u serious??!!!  Bad for business! And my money! Stay away!
I was really excited to try Sushi Planet. Always like trying new sushi places. But it was a disappointment. There were some unfortunate problems with both the service and the food. 

There is a complete lack of communication between the waitresses, the sushi bar, and the kitchen. We were asked by three different waitresses if we were ready to order (even after we ordered), so it wasn't clear among them who is taking care of which tables. Further, the sushi bar and the kitchen obviously don't know what is going on with the other. We ordered a couple of appetizers in addition to some sushi for entrees, and everything for the most part came at the same time. The table next to us got their appetizers after they got their entrees, which they weren't too thrilled with either. 

The food, while edible (well...most of it), just wasn't that good. The yakitori appetizer we did have to send back. The chicken was incredibly fatty...more fat than meat. The calamari salad was ok, the salad was better than the calamari itself. The sushi was very hit or miss. The California roll and the volcano roll were fine. The love for tuna was bland. And the Philly roll was not good at all...the salmon was not fresh. Overall, the quality of the sushi was sub par. Finally, just a side note that was somewhat annoying. They misspelled some of the items on their menu. Probably an indication of the food itself. 

Overall, skip this place, there are much better sushi restaurants in Philly.
Like many sushi places in Philly, it's BYOB and fairly small. The front of the restaurant is cuter and and cozier than the back, and good for lunch or a evening dinner date. However, the rear section has room for a table of 6 and one of 8 if you happen to desire group fare. The wisely offered complimentary halibut with capers appetizer was something I probably wouldn't have tried on my own but would consider getting again. Although it was pretty unanimous that the miso soup was a little too salty and the curtains were obviously hung straight out of the package (little tip here Sushi Planet - grab a steamer and go at those creases - problem easily solved) I'd come here for the Apple Roll alone. How is it with all the sushi I've eaten in my lifetime I've never had one of these until now? Brilliant. Genious even. The fish was just right - fresh and delicious. And since it's a sushi restaurant, that's really what matters now, isn't it?
I'd usually score a place like this higher, but I'm going to give Sushi Planet a conditional 3 stars, since I will definitely be returning, and think it has potential to improve.  I've now eaten their food twice, once dining in and last night for takeout.  

Accolades:

1. I love how they used a large 9 x 13 aluminum tin takeout container (reuseable, recycleable and more earth-friendly than plastic!). I'm going to use it again to cook a lasagna!

2. I like this place better than nearby Hikaru because they have more exciting rolls.  It's also larger than Uzu, so you can dine with a larger group.  

3. Delivery! YES!!!!

4. Complimentary sake.  YAY!

Room for improvement:

1. Apple Roll: yellowtail, crisp apple slices, wrapped inside out and topped with salmon and tuna - I liked this the first time I dined here for the creativity, however yesterday, I felt the apples should have been sliced smaller, perhaps julienne cut as cucumbers often are, rather than sliced, as it made it really hard to chew and enjoy at the same time.  

2. Ambiance:  While casual and laid-back, I really have issues with the decor, since I think the colors of the walls and the paintings are imposing and mismatched.  I think it should have a bit more Japanese or calming influence and better lighting to make it a place I would want to spend time in frequently.  

3. There was a slight mix up with our takeout order (we got a salmon roll instead of salmon california roll), but I'm not so sure if that was a miscommunication, so I won't hold it against them!
We came back.. and brought two friends. My friends are.. well... kind of on the unpolished side. They brought a huge bottle of Fetzer wine and kept saying things like "awww sh*t Jess, you nice on da sticks" (in reference to my ability to use chopsticks). I was nervous but our waitress was patient and informative, she suggested the special lobster mango roll. It was fantastic. My non-sushi eating friends really enjoyed the dumplings and chicken teriyaki. Crisis averted.
Seriously, I really love this place. 
 
For the first few months that it opened, I avoided it.  The name and decor lost my interest.  However, from the first night that I gave in and had dinner there, I was sold.  This place rocks!

First off, they are really nice which is very refreshing.  They always have a yummy complimentary appetizer and sake.  The sushi is very fresh, and they have a great selection.  If you are adventurous, you can ask the sushi chef if there are any special off menu fish which are delicious.  If you like rolls, there is a good selection, and they are happy to deal with food allergies.  They actually understand and can accommodate to a gluten free diet.  I also love that they are BYO and affordable.  For the quality of food and the price, this place can't be beat.   

I will say that the four sushi chefs each have slightly different styles.  They are all very talented, but I do have a personal favorite.  The latino chef makes the most creative rolls if you ask him.   I love asking him to just make something good.  So far, he hasn't made anything I didn't love.

Now that I'm moving across the country, I know that sushi planet will be missed.  Part of me is tempted to go there everyday until I move away so I get tired of it, but I don't think I can ever get tired of sushi planet.
I've been coming here for years. My favorite sushi place ever. The food is great the service is good and there is Santos. My buddy behind the counter. I usually have the fried gyoza (pork dumplings) and then a spicy tuna tempura that or a mango roll.  Always a good good choice going to sushi planet that reminds me I got to visit soon.
NEVER-ever-ever make an order for delivery here, if you are really hungry!!!   The delivery like a TORTOISE!!!!!!
We were waiting for our order almost 2 hours last time and all this time delivery guy `was on the way`... `right next to our door` !!!
The all what he said after just ` i was busy` !!! didn`t even sorry for that!!!  that was nice apologize
Rolls were fine, but after that attitude you even don`t wanna eat them...
!
I've been on a sushi spree lately. Have about 10 sushi groupons, living socials, and so forth stored up and I have finally been using them to get a good objective dose of what Philly has to offer in the sushi department. 

I've so far tried Makiman, Fuji Mountain, and now Sushi Planet. Makiman and Fuji Mountain were outstanding, while Sushi Planet really was not that great and much too overpriced for me to ever go back sans Groupon. 

I have tried a Philly roll at each sushi place to act as a control in this sushi experiment. Sushi Planet's philly roll was as boring as it sounds. Makiman on the other hand really knows how to take a mundane Philly roll and roll out something amazing. Sushi planet's tempura sweet potato roll was also very disappointing after having the sweet potato roll at Makiman. Sushi planet's sweet potato roll was kind of dry and really lacked the texture that can make sweet potato go so well in sushi.

So one good thing was the Pumpkin Roll, however, this is the one that carried an enormous price tag. They did give a lot, but after five or so pieces, it kind of gets a bit nauseating having something so sweet for a meal. I think the pumpkin flavor masks the savory in this roll and it would make for a yummy sushi dessert of sorts but if you are relying on this for a meal, you might be missing the savory. Depends on your mood though because it definitely was a great roll overall.

I went when it was super empty so I cannot comment much. They took a decent amount of time to get me my food though based on how few people were in there so I imagine it might be miserable when crowded. The atmosphere was very nice though. Clean, quiet, and comfortable.
This place is very small and quiet.  Prices are reasonable. The service was okay. Wasn't sure who was my server since two different people were coming up to take my order, even after my order was taken. The sushi was just ok, definitely had better and fresher sushi elsewhere. 

For apps I recommend: Striped bass carpaccio, steak (ribeye) carpaccio, and tuna salad (Tuna salad was pretty good). I also had lightly battered tofu which is ok, too much sauce that made the batter soggy. So if you like to eat tofu make sure you place it on your plate when it gets to the table. 

Entrees that I DO NOT RECOMMEND is sesame tuna it is very salty. I like to eat salty food but this was way too much. The sesame tuna comes with a salad which both of it was extremely salty. I told the waitress and she just said ok. (So already one of the server i did not like)

Sushi: was not bad. I had the Mango roll which is HUGE, can definitely fill you up. I don't believe in taking two or several bites for a piece so I usually shove the whole piece in my mouth to experience the flavor they put together (no pun intended). The Love for Tuna is good. Also had other plain rolls which is ok. 

They do serve you complimentary sake if you ask your server only if it's available.
Small place, but don't let that fool you - we all know some of the best sushi comes from the most unsuspecting places. Clean, quaint, and incredibly charming staff. Can't stress that enough - the staff was really awesome.

Between two us, we got a variety of classic and specialty rolls - Your California rolls & Spicy Tunas of the world, ranging to things with more ingredients than I can remember - and it was all great. Six rolls and an order of edamame only set us back $35 plus tip. I can get down with that.

Fresh, clean, very humble and gracious staff, and reasonably priced. What more could you ask for?
Tasted good on the way down, not so much on the way out.  

I went with a groupon and shared a couple of rolls and a chicken teriyaki dish.  The sushi was good.  The teriyaki was dry and not very good.  

The restaurant is a very small BYOB, so calling ahead for reservations is recommended.  

The biggest issue was that everyone at my table felt off the day after.  Not sure if it was the sushi or the chicken that did it.  

Overall I would probably avoid Sushi Planet given the number of other sushi options in the area.  I'm sure my experience of getting sick is an isolated incident but I'm not willing to tempt fate again.
Not entirely terrible, but by no means good. Rather tasteless. Tough nori, loose rice, poultry flavored shrimp and mango which reminds me of turkey giblets. While I'm tempted to say the service was terrible, I honestly have to blame the slow delivery on the "cooks," as the waitress was very friendly and attentive. If only she could find a proper restaurant to serve at. Good pickle appetizers...but thats about it. Bleh...
This is one of those times where I really wish yelp had a zero star option. First of all, this place always has a weird sour garbage like smell, which the employees act completely dumbfounded when you ask why. Way overpriced, especially for the mouse portions of the food. Not to mention everything other than the sushi is obviously not home made, but microwavable crap that you could buy yourself at any asian food market. There's mouse traps behind the fridge, the toilet, and I've even spotted one near the kitchen door WITH A DEAD MOUSE STUCK TO IT (hmm maybe that's what the smell is???). I've witnessed (who I assume to be the owner) sneakily take a ball of wasabi off of another customers dirty used plate and hand it back to one of the sushi chefs to reuse, as well as another employee take a flower radish plate decoration out of the FULL TRASH CAN to reuse it. One of the asian waitresses constantly blows her nose in plain view and not once did I ever see her wash or sanitize her hands. 

Oh yeah, one of their delivery guys is a convicted rapist! Cool! I wouldn't patronize this shit hole if it were the last restaurant on earth.
The name of this restaurant doesn't do it justice. For a place with such fantastic food and pretty good service, the name might deter some from choosing to eat here. But not me. Just off of South Street, with at least one parking spot available in a 2 block radius, Sushi Planet is a go-to for moderately priced, fresh sushi and a few traditional Japanese hot dishes. 

Nom. Nom. Nom. For sure. For the prices, the BYOB and the intimate setting, this is a clutch date night spot, fellas. But for single ladies like me, I bring my siblings and friends here. I've never had a problem with service, at times a little slow. But for a place this small, I would hate for my server to be on top of me the entire meal. 

I've used their website to order takeout before which is super convenient. The specialty rolls are creative and yummy - Mango Rolls, Love for Tuna and the Fancy Dragon all top my favorites list. 

Consider Sushi Planet when you're in the neighborhood and not wanting to drop some serious dough on dinner. It's everything you need in a local sushi joint. And remember, you're paying for the food, not necessarily the experience here.
Excellent service, good atmosphere, byob, yelp discount, fresh sushi, and decently priced is all you can ask for. Cant get much better in Philly. Pay significantly more or fly to San Francisco if you want better.
The food was great. The sushi was creative [I especially liked the roll with  mango] and the service was attentive [thank you!!]. Philadelphia restaurants have real issues with quality service.  The prices were good too: 3 specialty rolls and two non-alcoholic drinks for $40 before tip is good in my book. And we were both full, too.
I no longer must travel to Collingswood, NJ for heavenly sushi! I live down the street from Sushi Planet, and like many of the reviewers, I have not been called to enter the 'cheesy' named Sushi Planet. However, I had heard the buzz that the sushi was fabulous, so I stopped in for a bite on a whim. I ordered a eel  avocado roll which was the perfect temperature and melted in my mouth. A spicy scallop roll, again beautiful and buttery. And a Ama-bi (sweet shrimp) sushi-- a favorite of mine which is often not available in Philly. The server also brought pickled cucumber salad & a striped bass carpaccio, compliments of the chef. They were generous and the ambiance is quite lovely once you venture in off of South Street. I'm definitely going back with friends. And, lucky for me, they deliver too!
For the price and quality they offer, it's a place I will go back.  

When I walked in to the restaurant, there were no one greeting at the door.  All the sushi chiefs and the manager (I assumed he is) were staring at me and did nothing.  It was pretty awkward.  There was ONE server (server, busboy, pick-up girl) for the whole floor.  She was nice but she can only do so much.  Service was really slow!!!

Despite all the above, the sushi was really good!!  Really appreciated the chief added what we requested.  Plus, it's BYOB.  Can't beat that.

If the service was a little better, I will definitely go more often.
great sushi for the price... add to that it is a byob and it just can't be beat.
I ordered takeout from Sushi Planet a few nights ago. It was delicious.

Despite being a couple hundred yards from my apartment, I had yet to set foot into SP until this weekend. I placed an order over the phone for a salmon/avocado roll and a spicy tuna roll. 30 minutes, they said.

I was a little hungry and showed up early in hopes that they overestimated their prep time. Nah, but that's alright. I got to chat with the super-friendly sushi chefs at the bar and watch them roll my dinner. Avocado in a spicy tuna roll? Huge chunks of tuna in a spicy tuna roll? Genius.

Prices were moderate- if only compared to my favorite place in my old neighborhood, Vic's. Look, I know Philly is probably the only place you can get three rolls for $10.95, but I was pretty spoiled when I lived west of Broad, ok??

The total was $12.15 for the two medium-sized rolls.

HOWEVER: There is a lunch special I have yet to try- two rolls and a soup or salad for $10. Nice.
I'm updating my review from 5 stars to 3.5, primarily for the recent take-out experiences we've been having.

The past three times we've gotten take-out I've been semi-disappointed. My beloved avocado salad has has hardly any dressing on it, and the dressing it does have has been very liquidy.

Also, our sushi rolls have been oddly disfigured. The top looks fine, but the bottom is smushed or falling apart and I can't figure out why.

Just because I'm not sitting in the restaurant doesn't mean I don't deserve the same quality food!! Step it up, SP!
Once upon a time my boyfriend wanted to go get sushi so we came here, having passed by it several times and hearing good things about it.  

Since trying this whole vegetarian thing, I have become a little unraveled about going out to eat. But this place had some awesome vegetarian options (i LOVED the inari). It's well-portioned, reasonably priced, and hey, it tasted good too. My boyfriend got some sashimi, and although I didn't indulge, he seemed very very satisfied as well.  The chef sent out a complimentary plate, and although again I couldn't indulge, it looked really spectacular, and my boyfriend confirmed that it was. 

It's a BYO so we were taking our time a bit to enjoy some of our wine. The check came, and we cried tears of joy because it was the cheapest meal we've had, maybe ever. 

The waitress came over and offered some hot sake. We explained that we had already paid our bill and simply said " it's on the house". Then she brought over an assload of hot sake,  and several minutes later,  we stumbled out of Sushi Planet, never happier in our lives. 

The end.
Placed an order online at 230, and it was at my apartment in old city by 3. Great sushi, huge portion. I had the volcano roll and a regular roll. I usually go to Fat Salmon, but this sushi was rather comparable in quality and great for delivery. Will order from here again!
The sushi is a 3 or 4 star, but the service brings it down. My friend had to wait almost 20 minutes for a glass of juice, which she needed because her blood sugar was low! The waitresses didn't seem to be in any rush to help her out, which is unacceptable. What a shame!
I tried this place out on a whim for takeout and it was reallllly good!  The only thing I wouldn't do next time for take out is order sushi that has tempura stuff in it, by the time we got it home it was soggy, but that is to be expected.  In any case, the rolls are HUGE.   We got 3 and it was MORE than enough for 2 people.  We also had some appetizers.  The calamari salad was great, it came with a lot of calamari and a really good dressing.  I wish this place was closer to my office because I would definitely be there often!  Can't wait to go back for a dinner there because I am sure it will be amazing..
I've been going to Sushi Planet for a few years now and it's still one of my favorite spots- the specialty rolls are great and the sushi is always fresh.  

 The dine in service is good, and sometimes they greet your table with a free appetizer sample, which is actually what initially hooked me. I've ordered delivery and have had mixed experiences- one was quick and one took way too long.  Overall the food is good enough to want to keep coming back.
I don't want to do this to you, Sushi Planet, but you've forced my hand and I feel obligated. As my previous reviews should have made rather obvious at this point, I love SP. I love the food, the waitresses, the space. Everything. I especially loved the price for the quality. 

Last week my fiance got a new job! We hadn't been eating out very much in the recent past (tight budget) and decided to celebrate by going to our fav sushi place. Sadly, our meal was a bit disappointing:

The marinated cucumbers were both dry and gummy almost as if they had been kept uncovered in the fridge for several hours. The flavor also tasted a bit off.

My dumplings were good but barely warm.

Spicy salmon which is, by far, my most favorite thing in this universe lacked spice. In fact, it lacked any real detectable flavor in general-- as did the spider roll. We never have left over sushi because even when we're beyond full we continue to stuff our guts because we love the stuff so much. Not this time. 

The sushi wasn't "bad" at all it just wasn't good. I guess fortunately AND unfortunately it wasn't expensive enough for me to trick myself into thinking I enjoyed my dinner.

Either way, the reality is that I'll be back. For now SP is just A-OK.
the place is lame, filthy. fish is not fresh.  good luck eating there.
I've been passing by this place for months and with a name like sushi planet i assumed it was mostly take out. I truly judged this book by its cheesy cover and only now having been there seen the error of my ways. Affordable sushi that does not taste affordable. Byob. complimentary sake if your especially good with chopsticks. 

two people
two apps
two sushi rolls each
50-60 USD
 
'nuff said
I can't believe I didn't know about this place sooner since I'm on that block all the time! My coworker discovered it, and it really is so much better than some of the other South Street area sushi places. You can usually tell a lot about the quality of a sushi place when they give you ginger that is natural/ white and not pink. The crappier places have pink ginger. Right when we walked it I knew I would like the place...lime green walls and modern art. The waiter had some nice smooth house music playing, and he seemed very chill. I was really pleased with the fact that substituting brown rice is only 50 cents extra instead of a dollar or two dollars like some places, which is a complete ripoff! The salad was delicious and presented beautifully. The sushi and maki were delicious and the price was very reasonable for the lunch special. I will definitely be going back often.
I have never been to sushi planet in person so I don't know anything about the actual restaurant.  

They have good sushi it's not great...the only reason I repeated was for the specialty rolls.  

My beef with sushi planet is that the delivery is ridiculous.  I live in CC, they are in queen village, should not be longer than 40-45 minutes.  I've waited way long before, and sometimes the order didn't come and they sent it out again and it came very fast after I complained.  But get it right the first time.  They offered in house coupons, which they never provided, but I said that didn't help me as I only use them for delivery.  The girl on the phone is nice, but I don't know if their drivers are not the best, or they are disorganized.  For me it's not worth it.   There are plenty of great sushi places within blocks of me.
Since my initial review, I have gotten take-out a couple times from Sushi Planet. (After all, they are right across the street from me.)  It's never outstanding, but it's fine. Hence, I am upgrading them to three stars.

...another update.  Today I ordered take-out from them using the online system and got tuna/avocado and salmon/avocado rolls.  I asked that they add scallions to one of the rolls *IF* there was no added charge.  They added them and charged me for it.  They also used brown rice even though I had NOT selected that option and did not want brown rice.  I didn't care enough about it to go back out to exchange it.  But it suggests some level of carelessness on their part.  On the bright side, the fish was the best I've had from them.
Awesome -- I love this place.  Great neighborhood spot, low key atmosphere, reasonable prices and fresh sushi.  Don't need too much more to please me. 

Was there last night and enjoyed a bottle of wine and a bunch of specialty rolls - I try and make it back every couple weeks and will keep doing so as long as the experience remains solid!
I've dined here three times. It's a stone's throw from South Street, which can be very convenient if you're hanging out in the area and need a sushi fix.

The dining room is cozy, but more than adequate. Those who are familiar with the city will not find it atypically small. From my observations, like a lot of places, it's appears to be busiest in summer.

The waitstaff are very kind and soft-spoken. Water filled frequently. No mistakes on orders, which can be voluminous ordering sushi a la carte with a party of two or more. Apps and the obligatory bowl of edamame arrive quickly. Sushi is well-presented on the plate. 

Nice variety of rolls on the menu. Love for Tuna roll is nice. 

A group of two or three guys who I am assuming to be somehow associates of the business or perhaps the owners themselves like to hang about at the sushi bar. They stand and converse, occasionally shuffling into one of the backrooms or going outside for a smoke. If nothing else it's just conspicuous. 

Is it the best sushi experience to be had? No. But it's far from the worst. Some may interpret that as a negative critique - don't. To quote Dwight Schrute "Good, not great.". It's not a knock-your-socks-off fine dining experience, but then again you shouldn't have that expectation going into it. 

It's a good casual sushi experience, in a great location. Perfect for a break from the action on South Street.
I was on the fence regarding eating at planet sushi but my experience there yesterday was just great. The place is BYO which I did not realize until I got there but it is definitely noted for the future. 
The staff was very nice and helpful. We ordered and were served pretty quickly. To make us wait, they give you some sort of pibled cucumbers that were very good! I got an avocado salad with crab meat and cumcumber and some mayo dressing and it was veryyy good and a pretty decent portion for a sushi restaurant. I also had the spider roll and that was also great looking and tasting. My friend ordered 2 rolls that looked very yummy and said that they indeed were delicious. The bill ended up being reasonable Looking forward to go back there. :)
I love sushi planet. My friends and I love that it's a byob. If you're looking for good, inexpensive sushi, SP is where it's at. They are very accommodating as well. I had a friend come in from out of town and I made reservations but we were running late. I called to let them know and they were totally cool about it. The food is always good and you can get so much sushi for so little $$. My friend said this was the best sushi she's ever had and I think we're going back again this weekend!
I love sushi and I had a friend visiting Philly from LA who used to live here, and he kept talking this place up so we finally went. It was so disappointing that he was embarrassed to have suggested it. We went for lunch and when we arrived there were two girls sitting at the bar and no one else in the place. We wanted to sit at the bar but they were right in the middle and they had their crap all over the other stools, and even though it was clear that we wanted to sit there, they made no room for us. And they weren't even eating, they were just chatting it up with the employee behing the counter. I was already annoyed by the time we were seated. Then my friend said the guy behind the bar is usually the host and certainly not the chef that he usually likes. We were given complimentary sake, but only because my friend knew to ask. I ordered a lunch special with miso soup that was tasty but the broth to tofu proportions were not to my taste. My entree was a few pieces of sushi along with a roll. I was really disappointed. The roll was obviously premade and had been chilled - one of the best things about getting really fresh sushi instead of grabbing it from somewhere like Whole Foods is warm fresh rice. The rice with the sushi was also cold and poorly shaped, and the fish on top looked like it had been cut with a scissors. I was so not impressed. To top it off I visited the bathroom before leaving and it was in desperate need of a deep cleaning, especially the crusty caulk around the sink. This place was a total let down.
One of my favorite sushi spots in the city. The staff is so friendly, the sushi is always fresh and its byo! There's no frills but you'll definitely get your money's worth.
Kooooooooo-neeeee-cheeeeee-waaaaaaaaaa.

I went here with a good friend for lunch on a Tuesday to take advantage of their half-off special rolls. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and grabbed a 2 top by the window. The decor is minimalist and elegant and I really dug the fact that they had REAL flowers on the tables. Were given menus and ordered a pot of jasmine tea. I'm more of a sashimi girl, as I believe it the best way to judge a sushi place and my lovely dining companion is more of a roll chick, so we ordered a little spread. Ahem...

-Edamame
-Miso soup
-Seaweed salad 
(Ed.note- these 3 are staples for my sushi experience and are always ordered)
-The sashimi sampler platter
-The "On fire" roll
-The "Spicy tuna tempura" roll. 

The miso soup was miso soup, nothing crazy or different about it from any other sushi restaurant. Same with the edamame, a nice portion of them though. The seaweed salad took me by surprise though. It's presentation (served in a martini glass-which I usually think is corny-actually really worked) and flavor were definitely above what I usually expect.

Our mains were both served on plates as big as a Cadillac DeVille, with portions to match. I found my sashimi to be an excellent selection (they served fluke in a vinegar sauce that was divine) and the fish to be fresh and of good quality. The real star though was the salmon, melt-in-you-mouth goodness with a flavor that tasted like it had just been plucked from the ocean. Both rolls were excellent and not completely soaked in sauce. I have to say that the rice (as bizarre as that sounds) really stood out for me. Anyone can shoved a bunch of ingredients in a roll and make it taste good, but if the rice isn't cooked properly it ruins everything. SP's sushi rice is perfect. 

All that for under $50 (including tip) was a good mid-week treat for us. 

One star deduction as a felt the server was a bit pushy (asking for a drink order as we were taking off our coats, seemed impatient about taking our food order) and no one said goodbye to us when we left (we were the only table in the place). 

All in all, thumbs up from me, and will return in the future.
The only sushi I've ever had has been the cheaply made kind at whole foods and places like it so I may be a bit biased. I am certainly no sushi connoisseur. 

I went here tonight for a friend's birthday with 7 friends and I am so glad I have experienced this place. I had no idea sushi could be so good.

I started with the miso soup which was yummy, despite the fact that I pretty much ate around the tofu (it didn't hurt or add to the dish in my opinion but I just don't like tofu.) For dinner I got the spicy tuna tempura roll and I was in heaven I ate every last bit, except for the one I gave to a friend- wow sushi is filling. The complimentary pickled cucumber (YUM!) and the complimentary tuna appetizer heavily soaked in a delicious marinade of sorts were a nice touch.

The presentations of the food were VERY appealing.

Not to mention the complimentary sake which I had no idea would be so good. 

We also had very good service, she was very attentive.

Great experience, now I know why my friends love it so much.

(I read the immediate reviews below me, which seem mostly bad and I want to say to those that commented on the wasabi and the soy sauce-I tried the wasabi on my plate, literally a tiny dab and I got a serious nose full, what I expect from wasabi, anymore and I would be tearing. I also had no problem with the soy sauce. I hope they changed it and if you read this - maybe give it another try?)
I have dined at Sushi Planet several times and I am a big fan.  I prefer to sit at the sushi bar and chat with the chefs.  It offers a bit of entertainment.  I love watching them prepare the different times of rolls, plus it gives me a chance to see what different dishes look like before I order.  I prefer that its BYOB, and there are local bars within a bloc that sell take-away beer, which is convenient.  

I can't remember everything I've had here, but I love the Volcano roll and the spicy Tuna roll.  Each time I've been Santos has been behind the bar and he is phenomenal.  Even gave me the recipe to their pickles, which I love.  Haven't tried to recreate them yet, but crave the acidity of the vinegar.  

I've also tried some of their ceviche like appetizers and my husband really enjoyed their seaweed salad.  Their gyoza is the perfect consistency and lightness, pairs perfectly with their dipping sauce.  

If you get a chance to go, skip the table and make some new friends up at the bar.  You'll learn something new, I promise and enjoy some really great conversation.  

Love everything about this place and always looking forward to my next visit.
My wife and were regulars here since shortly after they opened. We loved it until the last 3 visits, the quality of the fish and rolls seemed to not be as good. We have been disappointed  because it was our go-to for sushi. The service is still great but I'm not sure what happened to the previous sushi chefs.
I've eaten here quite a few times and always leave fat and happy. Both the basic rolls and specialty rolls are delicious. And it's byob. I live in Bella Vista and think it is the best sushi place within walking distance. And although it isn't a big place, I've never had to wait for a table.
So the last two Wednesday's we have had no luck with a Level-Up or a Groupon. Last week we show up at Lee How Fook's with Groupon in hand and they were closed for the day as they had no electricity. We are standing in front of the restaurant, bottle of wine in hand and try to come up with a plan. Ta-Da...Sushi Planet. My daughter mentioned this place so we decided to give it a go. Not crowded, seated right away. Clean bright place but I think its the first time I was in a sushi restaurant with not a  Japanese person to be seen. We start with the pork buns. The pork was very flavorful but the bun was slightly chewy. Moved on to the mango roll and the Queen Village plate (three rolls). All of the rolls we had were cooked except for some raw tuna on the Mango Roll as my wife isn't crazy about the raw stuff. All were very good. I think we'll have to go back again so I can try the raw stuff.
Great sushi. A little pricey, but good. They don't have enough seating when it gets busy. Tuesdays from 4-7PM They offer 40% off all sushi rolls for dine in. It's BYOB! The pickled cucumbers that come with the meal are amazing. I don't like the metal chopsticks so I always ask for the wooden to go ones. They also have wooden slick ones, but I can't grip my sushi with it! So...to-go chopsticks for me. There is nothing on this menu that I don't like and I have tried almost EVERYTHING! The fried tofu (I usually hate tofu) is amazing! 
The place is owned by Russians and it's mostly russian speaking staff, though most of the sushi chefs are spanish speakers. They are very nice, though some times the service can be slow, especially if you are sitting at the sushi bar (discovered this on my last visit)
All and all though, this place is great. The sushi is really yummy and I can't resist the dine in deal on Tuesdays.
I haven't been to sushi planet in some time but with the lack of sushi places in my neighborhood, they fill a big spot in my sushi takeout category.  

It's not the best sushi I've had but it's solid and the price is excellent. Their specialty rolls are anywhere between $9 and 12 bucks! Can't beat that in my book. The price coupled with a speedy delivery time makes me come back time after time. 

I'd give them three and a half stars if i could!
Food was great, but the service was pretty awful.  It took forever for the waitress to come over to even open our wine, much less take our orders.
First time checking out Sushi Planet so I checked out the lunch special and had chosen to get the three rolls for $12 which came to $16.20 with taxes my favorite nowadays is Salmon tempura rolls with brown rice so that's what I purchased they were delicious the only reason I didn't give the five stars is because I went to eat my ginger and it had hair on it but other then that it was all good.
I'll preface this review by saying that the quality of the sushi at sushi planet is really high. The rolls are great, the fish is fresh, and the place is a BYOB. Tuesday nights they even do 40% off all special rolls (which makes dinner a killer deal). 

The service in this place is absolutely horrible. I've been here twice and WANT to love it, I really do. But waiting almost an hour for 3 rolls and having to always flag someone down to get your water refilled, definitely knocks two stars off my rating. 

Takeaway? Have at least 2 hours to burn if you plan on eating here, or get it to go.
Let me start by saying this place USED TO BE my go-to sushi spot. Always very accommodating, greeted at the door with a smiling server/hostess, and consistent delicious sushi, not to mention reasonably priced and BYOB. What was there not to like about that?  I'm not sure what has happened to this place, but my last experience took a turn for the worst and sorry, Sushi Planet this was the 'kiss of death' and unfortunately my last time. 
My boyfriend & myself decided "lets get sushi"....ready to go with our bottle of wine we approached Sushi Planet. The door CLEARLY states the hours: "Thursday 12-10pm". I glanced at my watch: 9:32pm. Great! Plenty of time & we weren't trying to spend all night there.We just wanted a couple of rolls and and app to share. Easy peasy, right? 3 tables were still enjoying their meals when we walked in. We got the deer-in-headlights look from the fellas behind the sushi counter. Both pulled out their phones to look at the time and glanced back & forth at one another waiting for one of them to make the call to tell us..."sorry, too late..."  Instead the one man asked the other if he "still felt like making anything..."  He replied, "not really..." 
Ok so it looks like we aren't getting sushi because....WHY? Because you'd rather lose the business instead of seating two guests at 9:30? Sushi Man #1 told us its "too late, we close at 9:30...do you want take-out..? NO we don't want take-out. And since when do you close at 9:30? What difference would that make if we sat down & ordered to eat-in? There were still 3 tables eating therefore a server had to be present in order to help the prior guests. 
It's a shame that we had to walk out of there after being told 'no' while all the other tables watched us leave....with our bottle of wine & sushi-less. 
We enjoyed a great meal elsewhere in the neighborhood that did not hesitate to take us 30 minutes prior to closing time. Your loss, Sushi Planet.
I went to this BYO a couple of weeks ago with a large group and unlike many others, found the service excellent.

The decor is minimalist and it seems candle-lit at night, which is classy and elegant.

A friend and I shared a number of items. We had the avocado salad with ginger dressing to start, which was good because the dressing was nice but there was not enough avocado in the salad to deserve the name avocado salad. We moved on to rock shrimp tempura which was covered in a delicious spicy sauce but was way too cold! Tempura is difficult because it needs to be light and crunchy as well as served hot. It seemed like our shrimp sat in the kitchen for too long, so once it came out, the once crispy outer layer had gone soft. It still tasted good so not a deal breaker but just hope they get it right when you order it!

Next up were some shrimp dumplings...delicious! I have no complaints about them. By now, my friend and I were getting full because the tempura is rather large -- but cheap! -- but we had one more dish to go: the Queen's combo, which comes with an eel roll, something tempura, and a crab roll. The soft shell crab roll was fried and it was way too cold so the crispy covering had turned soft and a little bit tough. It was unpleasant to eat. We also found that it had very little flavor so we didn't finish it. The delicious one may have been a salmon tempura which came with its spicy sauce. Delicious!

Overall good experience but just wish the tempuras had been crunchier, hot, and tastier.
My favorite sushi place. I go at least once a week. Their house rolls are delicious--with 40% off on Tuesdays during "Happy Hour" (5-7, but you must be seated by 6:30). I have become obsessed with this place, stopping in at least once a week. Their spicy salmon and avocado roll, salmon tempura, and loco rolls are my personal faves. And order the Tuna Tartar, it's soo good. It's also BYOB :) God, I love this place. YUM!
This place is solid. It's quality sushi at a reasonable price. Since it's BYOB and right in my hood, I've been frequenting the place at least once a month. It's great for date night or a small group. Staff are cordial and efficient. It's not too fancy inside, but they've hooked it up with some cute IKEA decor and candles for mood lighting. What else can a girl ask for? 

Sandwich it with a pre-dinner drink at Ela across the street, and a post-dinner drink at O'Neals, and you've got yourself a fun Friday night that doesn't break the bank!

The Volcano Roll is my personal fav.
