I think sweetgreen is doing it right. If the line is long, it moves quickly. It has a healthy number of healthy options for me to choose from. It's on par with other lunch prices in the area and oh yes, I find it incredibly delicious.

I've tried a variety of their offerings and while they all tasted good, the one I keep coming back to is the harvest bowl. Wild rice, chopped kale, sweet potatoes, grilled chicken, goat cheese, almonds and a balsamic vinaigrette.  For me, it's perfection.  I've had it at least 11 times and I know this because I'm part of their rewards program which gets you 10 bucks after you spend 100. I'll give you one guess as to what I used my rewards dollars on.

I like that they show the calorie counts next to each menu item.  This is cool because you can look at the dishes and not be horrified by the number.  I tend toward the higher calorie items because I think I'll stay full longer. HB checks in at 705

Sweetgreen, you've got me.
My first visit to this Sweetgreen location was just okay. The food was great - my kale Caesar salad was delicious and I have been enjoying the butternut squash soup on the fall menu. My issues were with the cleanliness of the restaurant - there were flies everywhere near the produce behind the main prep area - and the lack of basic essentials - no napkins, no salt and pepper packets or shakers, etc. They were also out of turkey, which is featured in a bunch of their fall salads. 

This is a brand new Sweetgreen location. Get it together!
I've revisited this sweetgreen location a few times and haven't had any issues since my first experience early on. Last night I ordered the harvest bowl, which was delicious. I opted for dressing on the side and tried two different ones; I liked the curry yogurt for this particular salad a lot more than the balsamic vinaigrette. The salad was a nice size and all of the ingredients were very fresh and flavorful. Dinner was healthy but hearty, a combo I can get behind!
De-li-cious! Came here twice for lunch while I was in town for a conference and the line was cuhrraaazzzy out the door. I also was flabbergasted at how much cheaper per salad things were (up to $2 cheaper) compared to the prices in NYC. But, I will say, the staff making the salads are so friendly and efficient that I enjoyed getting my salad both times. The long line that snaked out the door moved fairly quickly - I got one of my favorites (Shroomami) and then tried the Rad Thai, since I love Thai food and flavors. I didn't like the salad too much; my go-to's will be the Shroomami, OMG Omega, and Spicy Shabzi salad. YUM!
Sweetgreen is my go to place for a quick, healthy meal! I can always rely on it for a delicious, fresh, and light meal. The line can get a little long during peak lunch time, but moves relatively quickly. My favorites are the Harvest Bowl, Curry Cauliflower, and the Spicy Thai Salad though I've enjoyed all the salads I've had. I recommend downloading the sweetgreen app, so that you can order ahead of time and pay with the app!
Fresh, healthy Ingredients! Order online and pick up. The line is long but goes quickly.  

The price tag is on the higher end for a fast casual lunch - but in this case, the price is worth it.  Sweetgreen donates a lot to charity, does a lot of engagement with the community, plus sources locally and then notates where they got specific ingredients from- that goes a LONG way for transparency and for supporting local farms.  While sweetgreen is a small east coast chain, it has a local feel and local impact. 

Plus Sweetgreen has my most favorite salads in the city of Philadelphia! 

Pro tip for vegans! Add tofu on to everything! It's delicious! Also you can be a control freak and create your own - or you can get an already vegan salad or you can veganize all the pre-set options!
I have to give a shout-out to the staff here.

Whoever is managing here is a genius. All the employees smile at you, are efficient, happy to help, and the whole restaurant glows with the care and attention they take to their jobs.

This is the best salad in town, and you can go hog-wild or lite, whatever you want, with the fresh, often organic ingredients. Tons of veggie proteins for the vedge-heads out there, and for the "I won't be full with a salad" crowd, try this. It is very big, filling, and tasty. The aroma of the space itself, along with the hip music, sets a positive tone which is taken to another level by the pleasant and top-notch staff.
(to the tune of "Sweet Dreams" by Eurythmics)

sweetgreen, I cannot dis.
Can I add some feta cheese?
Travel all day,
and you always please.
Everybody's orderin' something.

Some of them want shroomami
Some of them want a warm harvest bowl
some of them want guacamole
Some of them want to try them all.....

sweetgreen, you bring me bliss
online ordering - down to a T
Rittenhouse spot 
Getting quite rowdy
But I just grab my online order....

This was the second or third sweetgreen in the area I tried, but first in my heart - it's clean, the team moves fast, and the online orders are always ready. 

Major plus side to ordering on the app - you don't have to wait in the UNGODLY lines that occur around lunch/dinner time. While all the worker bees line up to wait and choose their base/toppings/dressings/etc, you're in and out and eating before they can say "Kale Caesar".

Do they run out of things sometimes? Sure. Blame the hundreds of folks drifting in and out all day long stocking up on fresh, healthy ingredients.

Two pro-tips: 
-Cash-free location, so bring your card or order online.
-If you happen to have some type of green (spinach, romaine, whatever) at home, you can get double dressing sides and basically just divvy up your salad fixin's to be two separate meals if you're not too hungry.
I recently stopped into sweetgreen to get a salad, and if it weren't so expensive I would be here all the time. I had the fall seasonal apple pear and cheddar salad with chicken (for an extra cost) which came out to around $13. Not terrible, but also not great pricing for a salad. All of the ingredients were super fresh and the salad was great (definitely recommend while its still on the menu).  

I did take out, but there is plenty of seating at this location and it seemed very bright and clean. You can place your order online ahead of time and have it waiting for you to be picked up, or order once you get there. There are plenty of set options to pick from, or you can go down the line of ingredients and customize your own. I also appreciated that the server asked me if I wanted my dressing light, medium or heavy before mixing it in. 

I will be back to try different salads at sweetgreen, but the pricing will probably limit my visits!
Whenever I am in this area I generally try to stop at a sweetgreen because I used to be obsessed but this trip was very disappointing. I am tempted to leave a three star review, but since I know sweetgreen is generally good I bumped it up to four stars.

They used to mix your bowl of salad all together with the dressing and everything in a big bowl but now they mix them in the small bowls that they give to you. The woman serving me didn't seem to listen to what I wanted and gave me very limited greens. The lids on the new bowls that they use since I've last been smoosh the salad in, so maybe that's why she didn't want to fill the bowl up but why would they use new concave lids. Wouldn't it be smarter to make it convex?? Is that the right geometry? You know what I mean - the lids smoosh the salad in when they should accommodate and welcome large portions instead. The whole convex idea just seemed to me to be a representation of the "new" and "skimpier" sweetgreen. Even the bread was smaller.

Overall, I was very disappointed with my trip as compared to my previous experience with sweet green. That said I will say it is still one of the best salad spots around (hence the four stars). The different premade pairings are always creative, fresh and use in season ingredients and they still care as much about he environment as they ever did.
My daughter dragged me to Sweetgreen when it opened last year, and I'm glad she did! We have been for both lunch and dinner multiple times. When we first visited, I didn't think a salad would be enough of a meal, but they are very hearty. The lunch line is often long, but don't be deceived, it goes really fast. The associates behind the counter are always super friendly, and everything is FRESH FRESH FRESH top quality, I've never had a wilted or brown leaf in any of my salads. I always order off of the menu, today I had the Zahav bowl it was delicious, filled with kale, chickpeas, cauliflower, perfect! My daughter and husband often get custom bowls, so that is a great option too. Highly recommend, check it out!
O M G - the salads here are nothing short of amazing, staff is knowledgeable and cool as hell at this location. I came to Philly for a day and a half with my cousin and though she has been to a different location of sweetgreen out of state, she was equally as impressed as I was with how delicious everything was here! They have the actual veggies right behind them and chop it all up live and in person! Everything was fresh, price points are worth every penny, I had at least half the salad leftover for later because it was so much, the dressings (I tried a few of them) are delicious and though there are salad places where I live, there is definitely something very special, and sweet, about sweetgreen! A favorite of mine from now on for sure!
I'm not the kind of person who enjoy eating a salad, just the sound of it makes me yawn with boredom lol. After having the Guacamole Greens bowl (I think that's what it's called) I am thinking about it like it's a crispy chicken breast. All the ingredients were so fresh, the jalapeño something sauce was soooo good. I thought it was spicy but you really can't taste it which is good because I can't handle any sort of spice. Although a little expensive and I'm bummed it can't be an everyday lunch thing, it's worth it because of the portion and quality.
Coworker raved about this place so I had to try it.. the salad wasn't bad until I found a Bolt in my food. Yep metal bolt.
Love this place! I've been here a couple of times in New York, and have realized just how cheap it is in philly!!! Rarely does my order go above 10 dollars and it tastes AMAZING every time. The staff is also super friendly at this shop.

You can make your own salad or choose from preset options. I've never gotten any of the preset salads, but I've heard they are very good as well.

I usually go for the curry cauliflower which tasted great!!!!!!!! I've only tried a few of the dressings but I LOVE the spicy cashew dressing. If you're counting calories, be mindful that the pesto vinaigrette is almost 200kcals and a handful of them easily reach above 100. 

All in all, the selection here for salad toppings is very large and their premium items are so flavorful. Also the line moves very fast here even if it is always packed during lunch.
Best salads in Philadelphia with a wide variety of selections to make the best salad for you with very fresh ingredients. 

Staff is quick and courteous. Decor is very fresh and quirky.
If I could afford to eat here everyday I would. I back this company and their food wholeheartedly. Fresh, local and in season. Right down to the fountain drinks. This fast casual restaurant aligns with all things health & sustainability conscious. Went in for dinner and enjoyed the Winter Waldorf. Note that all salads are large enough to enjoy for two meals (so I had my leftovers for breakfast). Hearty and fresh. 

Quick tip regarding this location (maybe the same for others) they only take debit/credit - No Cash!
So if you are looking for a quick and healthy lunch, this is the place to go....except during lunch rush hour. So prepare ahead and order online so you can pick up your order and be on your way. This place has fantastic and fun salads and bowls. There are also vegetarian and vegan options. All the food is local and really fresh, and I have not had a bad salad there yet. I've tried the mushroomtini and also the butternut squash one, and both were hearty, filling and delicious. But yes these salads are pretty calori-ful (500+ calories), however, you don't feel like you want to explode afterwards, which is nice. Most salads are between $10-$15 depending on the add ons, so it's not cheap...but your health is priceless! Anywho, there are also a few seats in the restaurant if you do want to stay, but recommend enjoying the nearby parks with your salad experience!

PS. Can you please add a healthy dessert option as well? A nice flourless brownie or a healthy oatmeal raisin cookie would be perfect to finish off the lunch!
Oh boy. I've always avoided these types of places for fear of not getting bang for my buck/the menu strictly being farmer-massaged kale/etc. But I shouldn't have judged a book by its cover. My only complaint is that it's too far from my work to pop in and out real quick during my allotted one hour lunch (gotta love capitalism).

With that said, I imagine most people who frequent here (like the guy who was ahead of me in line) go in there with a game plan and can rapid fire shout out their requested ingredients without ever needing to look up from their phone. I, on the other hand, stood there in the (thankfully) long line sweating and staring at the menu. It's not that hard, just overwhelming for a first timer.

I opted for one of those preset selections, called the harvest warm bowl something or other, so I didn't have to get creative. It was about $12 or so dollars without the beverage, but worth every penny.

Kale (lol), wild rice, chicken, sweet potatoes, goat cheese, apples, almonds, balsamic vinaigrette. It was very big, almost splittable into two lunches (the side bread helped) and delicious as all hell. Something about the competing textural and flavor components (soft & sharp goat cheese vs. crunchy & salty almonds vs. sweet dressing) made it all come together wonderfully. I'm kind of craving it now, actually.

Took off a star for the ordering process/wait time. Although I was grateful to have more time to stew silently in line over my choice of lunch, it took quite a bit of time from coming and leaving, which sucks when you're already pressed for time on that lunch break. I'm surprised it's not like Honeygrow where there's touch screen ordering and you can customize that way. Perhaps the whole "farm to table" gambit would like to steer clear from technology, but I think it could help speed up the process.
Seriously love the salads here- I'd probably eat one every day if it didn't break the bank! Amazing salad concoctions with insanely good homemade dressings- if you're new try a create-your-own with the Cashew dressing, or go for the Guacamole Greens salad - comes with jalapeño lime dressing, avocado, chicken. So good and healthy! I also love the Kale Caesar - it did make me sick once so sadly I can't eat it anymore. 
Overall, highly recommend and would love to see Sweet Greens at airports - where fast, healthy food is seriously needed.
I recommend ordering via their ap to avoid the lunchtime lines, pick up on the little shelf and be on your way.
My coworkers have been raving about this place ever since it opened up around the corner from our office not too long ago. While I'm not into chain restaurants, I finally decided to give SG a try and oh man I was not disappointed!

I was a little intimidated by the line that went out the door but service was so fast and I was still in and out in less than 5 minutes! Talk about efficiency! The place was laid out very well so that everything was streamlined. I really loved the chalkboard that indicated where they sourced all of their products from! Seeing all the veggies stockpiled behind the production line was awesome!

I went with the Mexican corn elote bowl and got it as-is because it sounded perfect. My server was super friendly and chatted with me down the whole production line. Everyone here just seemed generally happy with great energy! I loved watching my bowl being made through the whole process! 

My bowl was absolutely amazing! It was the perfect size and not too filling so I didn't feel guilty for eating the whole thing especially because it was healthy. Everything was so fresh and I just was like wow this is so freaking good! I spooned some of my bowl on top of that yummy bread too, the goat cheese was great for that!

Downside is that it is definitely pricey - my bowl was over $9 so that's not something I want to spend on an everyday lunch. But for a treat once in awhile, definitely.
I love this place so was really excited when i found it. When i walked in, i was the only customer in there so the service was fast. I ordered my usual- the Guacamole Greens salad. It was yummy as usual and very filling. No complaints. 

This is a nice location. Its spacious and has alot of seating towards the back of the restaurant.
It's rare that I can be this enthusiastic about a chain, much less a chain that serves salads, but I tried sweet green for lunch yesterday and my mind was blown.  So much so that I'm eating lunch here again with my husband. 

I tried the kale Caesar and it was so good I couldn't get myself to order anything different. My husband tried the guacamole green which was good but neither one of us liked it as much as the kale Caesar. 

Excellence quality and fresh ingredients. Friendly staff and delicious drinks make this a quick, easy and healthy favorite.
I typically go to the sweetgreen on 16th and Market, but I was getting my nails done in the area and found this location. It's another credit only location, and it looked pretty clean too. You can either build your own salad (which I do to stay paleo) or pick a pre-designed one on the menu. Both this and the Market St location are pretty fast and well stocked with fresh ingredients. I'll probably come back in a week for a fast dinner!
While this place is not perfect, it effectively strikes a very delicate balance for me in terms of quality, nutrition, price, and taste. A few cents more and I would consider it over-priced for what it is. The ingredients are just balanced enough and fresh enough for me to be willing to pay the listed price. 

I've been getting salads here pretty regularly, sticking with the kale caesar as my default choice. The chicken here is more tender than at most other salad places in the area, the amount of salad is very substantial, and the bread that comes with it is always fresh. The service has been pretty consistently quick and friendly. I like that you can choose how much dressing to put in. 

Although the line often goes all the way out the door during lunch, I've never had to wait more than 5-10 minutes. This place mainly succeeds for me because I prefer their salads to all of the other offerings in the neighborhood. I probably wouldn't eat here every day (~$10 each day adds up quickly), but I do find it worthwhile to eat here regularly.
Dear sweetgreen Rittenhouse,

I like your salads. I really do. I've been here 3 times since you opened about a month ago. Your ingredients are fresh. Your warm rice tastes so comforting. Your housemade frescas are low on sugar, which I love; it's so hard to find any drinks these days that have flavor and not at least 30 grams of sugar a serving. I think I like your salads more than that of Honeygrow 3 blocks away. Albeit, your salads are slightly more expensive, but they taste, look better, and are more filling. 

Despite the 5-star quality in food, I'm giving your restaurant 3 stars because your online ordering system is completely broken. Please train your staff properly to fulfill online orders. I've had the experience of having my order messed up twice. Both times, I ordered a modified kale Caesar where I paid extra for added premium ingredients (egg and avocado). Both times, roasted chicken, that is supposed to come with the Caesar salad was left out. On top of that, one order did not include bread when I asked for it. You also messed up my friend's online order another time and did not provide him with dressing!

Fortunately, the sweetgreen staff was very friendly and accommodating and gave me a refund/free salad both times, but I would rather not have to have my order messed up in the first place. I use your online ordering for convenience when I want lunch but don't have time to wait in line. My experiences so far haven't been very convenient for me because I have had to call you up and go back a second time to get things corrected. I especially don't like the surprise of getting back to work, excited to eat my salad, only to find that my salad is missing key filling ingredients--this makes me hangry! Yes, HANGRY. I was already hungry.

I hope your staff isn't trained to think that adding extra protein ingredients on top of a base salad means replacing the base protein ingredient. No, that would be wrong. I did not pay $2.50 extra for you to add egg and avocado to my salad only to have your staff leave out the chicken that was suppose to come with the salad already. Addition means addition, not replacement.
 
For now, I won't be ordering online anymore and will be eating here less for lunch since I have no time to stand in line to do a regular order. I suggest others who still wish to order online to double check their orders before leaving the restaurant.
I personally love Sweet Green!  What may not be a typical experience is that I have a 6 year old Guinea Pig who loves Sweet Green's salads even more than I do!  I often bring a salad home that we can share together, small pets are on plant only diets, so to Snickers, their salads are amazing!

I personally order the salads where you can customize it, choose your own ingredients.  I personally love a spinach and arugula base with grilled chicken, carrots, apples, sweet potatoes, cucumbers and I love the complimentary piece of bread, I also enjoy brown rice, which is delicious, like a wild rice pilaf.  While some people may make multiple meals out of one of these huge salads, to me, they're a delicious and nutritious dinner.  I often walk a lot of dogs as a dog walker so I often walk 16K steps!  This is a healthy way to refuel and satisfy my hunger.  I also enjoy the Spindrift's, those are some of my favorite low calorie refreshing beverages.

I would just suggest to potential customers to note that this location does get very busy, especially at peak times such as lunch, dinner and on weekends, so you may have to wait a few minutes, but it is definitely worth it!  They are in close proximity to Rittenhouse Square.  They don't accept cash, which I personally don't love, I sometimes prefer to pay in cash, but that is the way that our economy is headed, cashless, so expect to be asked to use debit or credit, not cash.  

All in all, a very positive experience and I will return!  
Sweet Green has healthy and tasty options, which is great when watching my weight but wanting to have food with flavor.
It was very delicious with Lots of choices but I felt like for the price they were very light on the add ins. But a great place for a nice healthy fresh meal
sweetgreen is possibly the best salad option I've had that is genuinely delicious, filling, and healthy. The prices are reasonable, the staff is friendly, and swapping ingredients are accommodated.
I've been wanting to try sweetgreen for sometime now and got the chance to stop there for lunch this weekend. I tried the harvest bowl (kale, wild rice, sweet potato, apple, chicken, almonds and goat cheese with balsamic vinaigrette) and it was delicious! The ingredients were all very fresh and the salad size was generous. The bread it was served with was kind of eh. There wasn't a ton of people in the store at the time but I would imagine it could get packed because there is not a great deal of seating (unless you want to sit on some bleachers in the back - kind of cool). FYI - they don't accept cash so come prepared with your card.
~After having traveled many feet on foot through the concrete forest of Philadelphia, down the rugged trail of Chestnut St; I decided to rest & harvest a meal for lunch. I came across this 10 foot tall entrance with axe helves for door handles, & above read a sign "Sweetgreen."  

First Impressions: Upon entrance I find myself once again in another establishment with a rustic industrial motif...this being on the lower end. Despite the bunions I almost got from walking here, the customer service at Sweet green was very helpful regarding the 3$ off promo (once their on the line app was downloaded into my cellular device).

Nothing more than a sheep-like assembly line while ordering, I chose the Zahav Bowl, which included: shredded kale, chickpeas, turmeric roasted cauliflower, roasted chicken, organic carrots, toasted almonds, dill + mint, & lemon-dill tahini dressing... 

At this point I compared myself to Paul Bunyan, my teeth the axe, the kale the tree, but this was no tall tale... in which I would require superhuman powers to cut into this salad composed of 95% warm kale, too many bland chick peas, underdone cauliflower, & 7 small pieces of tasteless chicken.. I had to forage through this forest to find a piece of protein, & by the time I got to the bottom of the Sweetgreen bowl my stomach felt sour red... I was hoping this to be a legendary experience, but it was nothing more than subpar "fresh" overpriced product. 

The Don is on the fence about approving/not approving this establishment, & may have to be back for a 2nd pleasant harvest attempt~
One of the best salads in Philly! I had the Hummus Tahina. Can't wait to go back and try more. Staff was super friendly. I had to wait a few extra minutes as there was no falafel ready so they were kind enough to give me a complimentary beverage. I would advise ordering online for pickup because the lines can get crazy. They do move fast however. Only thing I would suggest is making the ordering process easier. I would have loved to create my own, but being my first time there, I was confused as to how many ingredients were included and what the options even were. So I just ended up ordering a signature one because I didn't want to hold up the line behind me. It would be nice if they had a card you could fill out or something to check off what you want.
You know I used to love coming to sweet green. The salad tasted fresh the portions were generous and the bread, while never great, was free and pretty good! In the last year or so they seem to have really taken a dive in quality. Maybe they expanded too fast. Maybe online ordering and custom salad orders have pushed their capacity to the breaking point. Regardless the salads just aren't the same. What we ate tonight was fine (a guacamole greens and kale Cesar). My guacamole green was missing chips and the onions were cut into chunks rather than diced. But it tasted fine. The bread was atrocious (over baked, dry, and flavorless) but it was free. 

There's nothing wrong with the food here; it's just missing that extra dash of something that made dropping $10 on a salad feel virtuous.
I effing love this place.  The staff at rittenhouse location are stellar.  The place is clean and the food is outstanding. Always fresh and the way you ordered it.  I almost always order online and pick up.  My favorites are the harvest bowl and the Caesar salads.
Very good, not loved it, and I'm a big salad guy.  I love salads, and Sweetgreen nails the clean, transparent eating thing, with fresh ingredients, a good variety, clear labeling, airy, bright wood and vibe, but then again, they're like other places in that the greens could be bigger.  They emphasize a lot of the premium ingredients, and I like that, but I'd have enjoyed a larger base of greens, as that's the most nutritious part of the salad.

The digs are clean if a little tight, and strangely near the back of the restaurant are some old-school bleachers that face...a wall.  Let met sit on some bleachers over lunch while I eating a bowl of salad, and stare at a wall!  I digress.

The staff is very pleasant, and you can see them hard at working chopping and prepping ingredients in the kitchen.  The whole make your own salad process could be a bit friendlier.  It's one of those places where you feel that you're hurting the preparer by adding more ingredients.  For shame!

But let's not be too harsh.  Sweetgreen is to Saladworks as Lacroix is to Au Bon Pain.

First, the variety of ingredients are well chosen and mostly healthy.  I like that they have four bases of greens.  On my particular visit there was a salad, half-empty container of romaine (good-bye!), spring mix (yes!), baby spinach (very 2006), and kale (very 2013).  You should really create your own here, as I did, so that you can write an overly long Yelp review.

Here's what I had:
- Spring mix, kale, spinach base -- very good, spinach could've been a touch fresher
- Grape tomatoes - bursting fresh, surprising
- Chickpeas - organic!
- Baked falafel - a bit redundant with the above, but when I see "premium" in front of anything, i have to have it, and a lot of it.  This is very good, and better than fried (health wise)
- Crisped, spicy pumpkin seeds - bad idea, these feel like you're breaking your teeth with no added flavor to the mix
- Spicy broccoli - this is a sweet green staple, very good
- Curried cauliflower - a fall ingredient, nicely steamed
- Tofu - I've had better, but I liked that they chopped them small
- Avocado - not brown!  (my bar is low)
- Spicy cashew dressing - I went on light on this, and so I didn't taste too much spice.  In fact, i didn't really notice it due to the bold flavors of the falafel in particular

They were serving some free samples of cauliflower over arugula and raisins, which was a very good idea.  My dessert was a red delicious apple, which was lame, since come on, that's so 1999, I want a Honeycrisp at least, a Tango would be more hip.

Overall, a high-end salad experience.  I forgot to mention, they have great soups.  The chickpea lentil soup is spiced quite boldly, which I found enjoyable.

Lots of vegan options for the Philly hipster crowd.  They also make fresh bread there, but if you're gluten intolerant, the GF ingredients are labeled accordingly.  As an aside, they have very good marketing and it pervades the restaurant.
This sweet green is so amazing! The staff was really sweet, and I definitely got my greens!
Somehow I never fell for the sweetgreen craze when it first began, but in an attempt to eat healthier take out options, I've been enjoying the salads here - especially the Harvest Bowl, which was named the Best of Philly best salad in 2015. There is some inconsistency in the salad size across visits, but this is always a reliably tasty and healthy option.
Sweetgreen in super fresh, healthy and very tasty! It can get a bit pricey if you load up your salad/bowl, and believe me, it's easy to get carried away because the toppings are all winners.
The online ordering means I can do a swoop down pickup and be on my way. During lunch time the line can be cray cray so if you have the means, I highly recommend picking up.
The best Caesar salad I've ever had in my life. Can order ahead to avoid the long lines. So happy Sweetgreen opened up a Rittenhouse location. Although its a bit expensive, the staff is great and accommodating.
I think Sweetgreen has one of the best rice bowls. I used to frequent the store on 9th and chestnut and I'm so happy they are opening a new store near Rittenhouse, close to where I work. My favorite rice bowl option is the harvest bowl, with sweet potatoes, goat cheese, chicken and wild rice-a nice balance it vegetable, protein and carb. If you are into making your own, they have such a big variety of grain, greens, toppings and awesome dressing. You can always find something you like!
I'm a fan.  An easy, healthy dinner that I could pick-up after work.  Will make this a regular stop for sure.
This is my GO TO salad place during the working day. DO NOT BE SCARED of the line. It goes by really quickly, the staff definitely know what they are doing. They have DELICIOUS DRESSINGS. I LIVE for the lime cilantro vinaigrette and the spicy cashew dressing. The ingredients are always fresh and I love how you can see them chopping the veggies up in the corner. This is seriously perfect if you're trying to have a healthier but flavorful option for a meal.
There is a glut of convenient salad places these days, but Sweetgreen has a leg up for the ability to pre-order and pay online. I am in and out in under a minute, despite a crazy long line. Their pre-fabbed salad selection is decent, too, and allowing customers to customize their signature salads is a nice touch. If you're stopping in without pre-ordering, I think Honey Grow is faster service, but the employees are kind and they'll get you a fresh and nice salad in no time. 

The place always looks clean and the food well-maintained.
I used to say, "i love Sweetgreen."  Not anymore.  Why?  

Yes, the online ordering and customizability are both great.  However... salads come in one size, which is always too big.  I've tried steering away from the kale, because it always contains large stems.  But every time i've ordered mesclun, it's been wilty and slimy.  The toppings are never as described -- "roasted peppers" are sauteed and mostly green (though pictured as red).  No blistering/charring, the hallmark of a roasted pepper, and they contained some weird seasoning -- would seem more apropos on a cheesesteak.  Spicy broccoli, while delicious, has been steadily increasing in stem and decreasing in florets until today, when i received a handful of stems and no florets.  Spicy quinoa is also good, but today i received maybe a teaspoon of the stuff.  In addition, the cheesesteak-peppers (yes, i know they don't come standard on a cheesesteak...) melted the plastic top of my dressing container today.  No mas $8.00+ salads for me!
My go-to lunch spot in the city. Sweetgreen is healthy, quick and delicious. Do not let the line outside this location deter you - it moves very fast! Get the app to speed up the process and earn rewards (a free salad!). While a bit pricey, I always leave this place feeling full and satisfied. I've even tried making some of their salads at home because I'm so obsessed. My favorites: Guacamole Greens and Kale Caesar. Staff are always friendly and smiling. You can't go wrong here!
I decided to try Sweet Green since I only work a few blocks away. The great thing about this place is that you can order online and have your salad waiting for you when you arrive! The place itself is pretty large and super clean. Sweetgreen uses all fresh ingrediants which you can definitely taste in the quality of their food.

I decided to go with the Hummus Tahina which has shredded kale, romaine lettuce, tomatoes, red onion, cucumbers, pita chips, feta, hummus, falafel, and dressing. The salad itself was very filling but contained a little too many greens for my taste and I wish there were more toppings.  The salad was also a little more on the pricer side than what I would normally spend on lunch - coming in at around $12 including tax.

Would I come back? Yes, however, for the price I probably wouldn't go as often.
I had a great first experience at Sweetgreen today; the line out the door and about 20 feet onto the sidewalk almost deterred me, but I'm glad it didn't. Have no fear- the line moves quickly! The only thing I didn't like is that the absolutely delicious peach and goat cheese salad I had, is seasonal! It was so good and refreshing on this 95+ degree day. I'll definitely be back, and hopefully before peach season is over!
My wife and I stopped here the other night for dinner.  Staff was very good and explained how their menu worked.  Salads tasted great but about 3-4 hours after eating her kale salad, my wife got really sick.  In all of our years together I've never seen her throw up before.  It was so bad that she had to stay home from work the following day.  I did not experience any sickness from my mesclun salad.  After some research, we found that raw vegetables are one of the most common causes of food poisoning if not properly washed.  Don't think that we'll be coming back here again.
I had the most amazing experience there. Without getting into a long narrative, the manager (I think that's who he was) is an incredibly nice person who demonstrates there are still good people. Thank you!

And the salad was delicious.
I love this place!! I can't get enough of their pesto portobello!! I love it and recommend trying it!! I am not a salad person but ever since I tried this place and ordered almost everything I can now truly say I love salad if it comes from them!!!
Grabbed a quick dinner the other night. I had one of their seasonal salads. The staff was very friendly and the salad was very good although pricey. However I got food poisoning later that night. I know they just opened and food poisoning can happen anywhere especially with chicken and raw veggies but not a good first experience.
I don't know what all the fuss is about... Don't get me wrong, I love a good salad, but these salads that *should* be amazing are just so-so.

The single best feature is the live calorie count if you modify, and the ability to order online ahead of time for pickup at the time you select. Being able to go to a workout class and have my salad freshly made and ready to pick up on the way home was key!
My go to place to grab dinner during my busy seasons. First let me preface this with saying that I do not enjoy eating salads but I can eat the nastiest tasting vegetables no problem because I know I need the fiber and nutrients...anyhow, I would never willingly order a salad or spend money on one but sweetgreen is the exception. They just have really good combinations of ingredients and I love their policy for swapping out ingredients for whatever you want (for example I am not a fan of basil and will always switch it with spicy broccoli or sweet potato or some other substantial vegetable...I think it's a disadvantage to sweetgreen as I don't think it's a very fair trade but I'm not going to complain). The workers here are sweet and friendly but it does get quite slow during slow times...it seems the shorter the line, the more languid the employees are and less urgent in their service which bothers me sometimes because I, on the contrary, am in quite a hurry.

I am a huge fan of the peach and goat cheese! Minus the basil. Would recommend to a friend (but who hasn't already tried sweetgreen?)
The inability to casually tip the excellent people who help make this place great with their amazing attitudes and product knowledge makes this location get on my s**t list. Shame on whoever made that call!
Good ol' sweetgreen! This one is usually super crowded for lunch but its so good!
This is my second review and every time I go in I never leave unsatisfied - with food and customer service. I've been there many times before and today I can't help but write about my amazing experience. The last time I was there Abdul - Aziz had taken my order with such enthusiasm and today he delivered the same. Both experiences were wonderful. He has such an amazing personality and let's it shine all the way through. Thank you Abdul - Aziz for your excellent customer service! You are awesome, keep it up!
I am by no means a salad eater by choice. I live and breathe meat, so I'm not entirely sure if I have any business really rating a salad place but here goes! I appreciate that my server lady was very patient with me when I was trying to figure out the menu even offering a few appreciated recommendations as my salad game is not so strong.  Knowing this she helped me pick a salad that didn't make me realize it was a salad, I picked the salad with a nice filet of salmon to go with it.  Overall the space is very clean, service is patient yet speedy when it needs to be and the salad was surprisingly delicious and filling! I never thought for a guy my size that I'd be able to leave satisfied on just a salad, but this goes to show you that people can change??? Hahahaha I would definitely come back again, and perhaps MAYBE consider salads more often because of this place...maybe.
There is always a line during lunch time rush hour. That tells you about the quality of the food. 
The greens is fresh. You can have warm ingredients such as warm quinoa or brown rice. When you order warm ingredient, they will prepare it in paper bowl, but if it's just salad, it will be served in plastic bowl.

There are many fillings that you can add on, my sweet potato is very tasty, the corn is really sweet. Don't expect much of the sweet potato, I got only several thin slices of it

For dressing I had tahini yogurt. Very flavorful and brings some freshness to the salad. Each order comes with a nice slice of bread. 

Although the line is long, it moves pretty fast.

Highly recommended.
this is my first time here. now that it's been warming up, i've been making an attempt to try new places for lunch that are walking distance. 

i walked in and my first impression of the place was good. i was pleased with the layout and size...very roomy. the place is cute and clean. i perused their menu and landed on their rad thai salad. it is very delicious but also very pricey...but that's expected from organic, clean food in rittenhouse i suppose. 

the staff was friendly and personable. i will def be trying them out again!
This place is pretty great for lunch. Their order online options are really nice if you have take out order anxiety when the line is long. It allows you to build or choose your salad in the comforts of your own cubical. A girl named Heaven hand crafted me one bomb ass salad. I got the avacobbo. This was my second time visiting this establishment and had a pleasant experience both times. The only reason I'm not giving five stars is because their bacon is real weird. It tastes like if gummy bears started making bacon. Next time I'll get it without bacon. Please let me know if you ever change to a crispier bacon bit option because that would make this place a 5 star experience!
Really delicious lunch. I had one of the asian seasonal salads with Steelhead (it was a really great piece of fish on the salad- cooked perfectly). The ingredients were fresh, the person helping me let me sample a few of the dressings and ALL were really great. If they sold bottles of it I'd buy one. I also had butternut squash soup which was nothing to call home about but it was fresh and good. My only gripe was the $16 price tag for a soup and salad. I guess that's what you get in Rittenhouse though..
Always a great salad with high quality ingredients. But this review will be short and sweet. Kudos to the STAFF. They work together like a well oiled machine during the busiest lunch hours yet stay friendly, efficient, and focused on the customer. Thanks Tyvenia, Trent, Leif, and everyone's names I'm forgetting. You all do a great job.
Excellent salads! If salad eating was ever a task for you (like it used to be for me) then you have to try this place. They have revamped the boring salads into a delicious lunch treat! 

Line moves fast. Service is great and staff is always ready to accomodate any substitution requests! 

I cannot stop coming back here!
I love sweetgreen, especially the fact that they have mobile ordering. If they were a little closer to my house, I would probably eat here almost everyday. 

My "go-to" bowl is the Harvest Bowl, exactly as it comes. All of the salads are great depending on your taste. An amazing selection of healthy and fresh ingredients. Keep an eye on the calorie count if you're tracking - salads can have a lot more calories than you'd think, but that's the case with all salads. 

I don't agree with other Yelpers that sweetgreen is expensive. When you factor in the variety of ingredients you can pack into one bowl it's a really good deal.
Love Sweetgreen - It is one of the best salad places in the city. The ingredients are fresh so that means the salads are extra flavorful.  I love creating my own since they have an excellent variety of options. But be careful - the cost might quickly add up. Once I added avocado and salmon and cheese, my salad ended up being $13! As long as you are careful with what you add you can easily make a $8-9 salad without breaking the bank. The staff is pretty helpful in letting you know things cost extra.  If you dont trust yourself with creating your own, my two go-to salad options are "rad thai" and "apples and butternutsquash". The lines during lunch peak hours are pretty long so I would recommend ordering online and picking it up at the store.
I've never been very good at eating my vegetables, but sweetgreen makes it easy. My go-to salad is the kale caesar, complete with roaster chicken, crispy parmasen, and cherry tomatoes. Ringing in at less than 500 calories, it makes me feel like I'm being healthy, balancing out the Insomia cookies I paired my meal with.
Upping this to five, since not only are they perfectly organized now, but the greens are all extremely fresh, they have hot soups, everything is labeled well from vegan, to GF, to calories, the people are nice, and I've found my favorite salad dressing, sirachi + balsamic.  Awesome to create your own for control freaks such as me.
Love the DC chains taking over the fast casual world! I prefer Chopt when I'm in DC, but sweetgreen is super convenient to my work hotel in Philly, and, as I'm trying to be healthy-ish, it's the best option for a cheap and healthy meal. I've been here about 4 times now, and every time the experience is different. Sometimes at lunch they can be super efficient and friendly, and sometimes the service is just so frantic. I stopped in to grab a salad for dinner the other night, and it was like a tornado in there. Salad toppings going everywhere, no one really listening to each other. I had to ask like 5 times for the dressing on the side, and some other things. The employees are nice, but I would appreciate just slowing down a bit, so by the time my salad gets to the end of the line, there are still some toppings in there!
When I went to pick up my salad, I realized the dressing had not been added. Four employees then proceeded to take off the salad lid with all of them touching the salad bowl. Then when I got home I realized they didn't remove the goat cheese and add feta that had been requested. For a business that focuses on salads, this was disappointing.
Sweet dreams are made of sweetgreens! Still so impressed by this salad place! I love that I can trust the ingredients, the staff is always pleasant and the salads are delicious. I recommend downloading the app if you go at lunch and order it ahead of time. The line is always out the door at popular lunch times. I love to customize salads but my favorite classic sweetgreen salad is the Kale Caesar! It is delicious.
Sweetgreen is the perfect healthy work lunch. Tons of ingredients to choose from to create a salad that's crafted to your liking. I always do the custom/create-your-own option. 

They have a really nice bread as well, to complement your salad.

I would absolutely recommend checking it out. Fresh ingredients, and a meal that you feel good about consuming.
I love sweet green so much, but they mess up orders for delivery at this location CONSTANTLY. The past four times we've ordered from here they're either forgotten our order entirely or messed it up (not giving us dressing for salads, giving us a rice bowl when we ordered salad, etc). Do NOT order through an app a d ALWAYS check your order before you leave.
The best things about this place: fresh, well-sourced ingredients and a very diverse staff (predominantly black). (Management and upper management is white, for what it's worth.)

But honestly, it's not really a restaurant. It's a grocery store salad bar where you pay someone to mix the salad for you. Is this the fruit of postmodern  late capitalism? Less automated than some (honeygrow), it's still a largely do-it-yourself experience. Plus the herb falafel's dry.

Healthy lunch, good for busy corporate employees. Not for me.
Fresh ingredients, friendly staff, wonderful environment.  Feel good that you are fueling your body with some tasty, delicious, and healthy ingredients.  The menu is initially very confusing but basically choose a base, add toppings, select the dressing and amount, mix and go! I thought I wouldn't feel full after a salad but the quantity is quite substantial and can keep you full for a while. Don't bring cash though - bring something else to pay with...
It is so simple but this might be my favorite meal I've had in philly. I made a create your own with kale as the base and wild rice on top. Added curry cauliflower and falafel for extra $, but it was worth it. Total was $10 for a very filling meal. Definitely coming back.
We were in the mood for something light for dinner, after already having sweet greens at a different location in philly that day. So we opted for if again but this time in downtown. I prefer this location to the one on walnut because they have a lot more seating inside, it's more open, and brighter/cleaner. The crew was also more interactive with us.

I like how you can create your own bowls or pick something off the menu that's looks good. Our bowls were delicious and hit the spot as usual. I noticed the sign at the register got the app too make preorders and get free food after spending so much, which is a nice plus. 

Another great experience at a sweet green while hanging out in Philly. I have been to them in nyc too (still my fav) but this one was great too. Definitely recommend this location.
I'm obsessed! The Mexican Corn Elote Bowl with added Kale is amazing. Filing but satisfying. I now understand the hype behind this place. The veggies are fresh and the goat cheese is perfect! They young lady preparing my food was so pleasant and conversational. Will definitely return a third time!
Great quality. Consistent. Good hours. Harvest bowl is my go to. All of their employees at this spot have been friendly to me- TJ is especially awesome and made my best salad.
I always have a good experience at sweetgreen, at both the Rittenhouse (this location) and the Ucity locations. The workers that have helped me there are always so sweet and the ingredients in the salads/bowls I can tell are always fresh. The harvest bowl is a personal favorite of mine, although the chicken parm bowl and the spicy thai peanut also deserve a shout-out. There always seems to be a lot of seating in a very big spacious environment that goes all the way to the back. I will say that it is a little cold near the front of the restaurant, almost uncomfortably so - otherwise a good experience.
I have heard of this chain for over a year but it took me visiting Philly to actually try it.  We did the order ahead and pick up in store option which worked out perfectly for us because we were road weary and ready to crash at our hotel.

Husband had a bowl with deconstructed fish tacos in it and I had the "Shroomami" bowl which was filled with earthy mushrooms, wild rice, fresh greens and a soy dressing.  We split a side of the miso root vegetables.

Everything was delicious and tasted very fresh.  The side of rosemary bread was just right.  Tasted just baked and complimented the bowls.

We are ready for one of these to pop up in Norfolk/Virginia Beach so we can try more things on the menu!!!
Not going to lie, I wish I discovered this chain sooner. It's a great way to get a healthy salad with infinite varieties in whatever you want. There is not much seating in the restaurant and it seems more of a pick up and go kind of place. The location is ideal, but it definitely gets busy with all of the Center City folk toward meal times. They do a good job of making things easy. I got the Harvest Bowl, which was warm, filling, and was the perfect meal on a cold evening. It's a great alternative to some of the other "healthy eats" stores in the area, like Farmer's Keep and Real Foodery.
Great salads, line may seem long but don't be intimidated since it moves fast! Probably a 10-15 minute wait during the lunch hour rush. You can also order online and pick up your salad as well if you don't want to wait in line! My favorites are the kale caesar, and creating one of my custom salads with kale/spinnach, shrimp, mint, cucumber, roasted sweet potatoes, corn, onions, and the lime jalapeno vinaigrette if you are looking to try something new!
