I'm not Irish, but who won't like to be super-festive on St. Patrick's Day!
I started my day with a very green (and of-course, nutritious) salad, from sweetgreen, which did the trick just right. 

Feeling lucky?
Something calorie-savvy and exciting? 
Since I get to eat anyway, why not get in a celebratory mood and go all green? With a custom-mixed salad, I may just found the pot of gold after all.

As a first timer, I opted to custom a premium, Mediterranean salad (390 Calories.) It was very festive and nutritious (sourced locally,) with the perfect combination of healthy, vegan-friendly protein, and pleasant dressing.

My salad had a base of chopped romaine lettuce and basil, with fresh grape tomatoes, crunchy cucumber, shaved organic carrots, and healthy twist of baked falafel (vegan) and organic chickpeas. I paired it nicely with a gluten-free, cucumber tahini yogurt dressing (came on the side.) Now, who said dressings can't be truly healthy and insanely tasty? This made in-house, smooth, and light green dressing delivered an extra healthy nutrients from the yogurt, when drizzled lightly over the top of the salad, and I dug in. Yay!

The creative salad was so fresh and colorful. It was SO damn good ( and so expensive:$9.35.) My constant dilemma is should I be Barbie and broke, or fat and rich? And the million-dollar question is why junk food is so cheap and healthy food is so expensive? $1.29 Hamburger. McDonald's, anyone? Put your hands down, Yelpers. Thank you! 

Sweetgreen easily became my new favorite to-go spot, and it may be yours too if you give a try. Of course, only if you want to keep up with the body image the Kardashian/Jenner girls are promoting.

- Tip: Ordering can't get any easier. Place order, pay online and when it's ready pick it up in store. Or just order in-store. It is all about simplicity. 
- Bonus tip: Card-only, quick- service store. Expect to only use a debit/credit card to pay for your meal. No cash accepted. 

Sweetgreen, this was my first visit, and certainly WON'T be my last.
Four and half Salad Yelps.
Yikes.....Sweetgreen I like the idea of healthy I really do, but you gotta sell it a little with the delivery. 

My salads were stuffed to the brim but all the ingredients just did not merry well together. 

Ordered a seasonal special of chickpea and chicken salad and a regular menu order of Hummus Tahini. 

Both salads had tons of ingredients and rounded out to under $24 dollars. 

For $24 dollars worth of salad I was hoping these salads would sing to me..however they just laid there dilapidated and filled me up with fiber. 

The chicken (lacked any semblence of being chicken) and falafel (strange chunky texture and no spices to be found, related possibly to cardboard). 

I'm not going to write sweetgreen off forever but CAVA is still my number 1 amigo. 

Adios for now..
Of the two, I like the Sweetgreen location in University City a lot more since there is indoor seating. But my experience at this location last night was a pleasant one. Employees shouted out hellos the minute my sister and I walked through the door. 

There were samples of one of the beverages plus a specialty salad which was nice to have as we waited. I ordered my usual guacamole greens salad while my sister ordered the kale Caesar at my suggestion. We had a short cab ride home which was long enough for the tortilla chips in my salad to get soggy. Mental note for next time. We both enjoyed our healthy dinner - here's hoping they put a location closer to my house!
Tried a salad at Yelp's Halloween party and loved the spicy sabzi so much that I grabbed a full size the next week. Easily one of my new favorite salads, the combination of textures and flavors cant be beat. The spicy sabzi comes with organic baby spinach, shredded kale, roasted sesame tofu, spicy broccoli, raw beets, organic carrots, spicy quinoa, bean sprouts, basil, red chili, and a carrot chili vinaigrette. You can request it standard or modify any of the ingredients (Love spicy food? Ask for extra red chili flakes!). This is going to become a regular lunch spot for me.
It's time to update and upgrade my sweetgreen rating. A staple lunch when I'm in the office... from the tried and true kale Caesar to the newest addition and my current obsession... the buffalo chicken salad. "Blackened chicken thighs, pickled carrots + celery, tomatoes, cilantro, local blue cheese, za'atar breadcrumbs, shredded kale, chopped romaine, sweetgreen hot sauce, caesar dressing"... I ordered it apprehensive about the Caesar dressing but it WORKS. A perfect combination of crunchy, spicy, sour, and rich. The kale makes it seem healthy, but it tastes decadent. A must try for the new seasonal offering!
This is a lunchtime staple for me and 34887 other hungry working men and women. To minimize wait time, you can order ahead, but I don't like to do that because they serve the dressing on the side when you pre-order. The employees are really friendly and very efficient. My go-to is the kale caesar but yesterday I decided to try something new and now i am OBSESSED with the hummus tahina salad. It was ridiculously flavorful and filling. The salad consisted of chopped romaine, shredded kale, herb falafel, local feta, tomatoes, red onion, cucumbers, za'atar breadcrumbs, housemade hummus, and a cucumber tahini yogurt dressing. I hope they keep this salad year round because its my new favorite!
Sweetgreen is a make your own salad place that is opening in center city. Besides Saladworks, there aren't a ton of salad specialty jawns in center city east. Sweetgreen sources local, fresh ingredients. They offer signature salads like the kale chicken Caesar, and allow you to also pick your own ingredients. All salads come with a piece of delicious bread. On my visit I had the aforementioned kale chicken Caesar. All the ingredients were crisp and fresh and the Parmesan crisps are unbelievable. I added beets to my salad, which, to my surprise were raw. I'd never had beets like that before, and I can't say I was a fan. The kale pieces were too big to fit in my cartoonishly tiny mouth, but until Philly gets a chopped salad place, Sweetgreen is the best option. 


They also offer a soup of the month option.  March's was a sweet potato, white bean, and kale.
This is so sad, I LOVE sweetgreen in DC--I lived a few blocks away from the Dupont circle location, and we used to stop by the P street location when we went to whole foods...my go-tos are the guacamole greens and the wild rice bowl, my husband likes the earth bowl and district cobb.

The Philly location is still delicious--but they are SO STINGY.  The DC locations fill up your bowl to the brim, then shove a piece of bread into your bowl before sealing it.  When I ordered the wild rice bowl here in Philly, the salad portion filled up barely half of the bowl!  It was incredibly disappointing, given that I'm paying $10 for what's essentially a side salad.  I brought a coworker here with me, felt embarrassed about the portion sizes, and actually apologized to her about it!  The warm grain bowl was delicious as always...but I was hungry again an hour later.  

I'm hoping this was a one-time thing, since I see that other reviews have said that the portions are big/hefty/etc.  Philly sweetgreen, I'll likely be back again soon--please don't disappoint me again :(
Today I got the New Mexican corn bowl. I love that they are always changing up the menu for the season. It's also great that you can order a head through the app and pick it up.
I would have given sweetgreen 4 stars because I really do like them. The ingredients are fresh and the portion size is actually quite large.  My main complaint, though, is that they just switched to a no-cash system. I'm fine using my credit or debit card, but for some reason, they didn't give me an opportunity to leave a tip through my card and I only had a $20 on me. Since they're no longer dealing with cash, I couldn't break my bill and leave a tip. I have no clue why they decided to go cashless, but please bring the Benjamins back!
I'm obsessed with this place.  I ate there three times for dinner during my four nights in Philly.  After looking at their location listing, I can't believe that I have never stumbled upon this place in NYC, since they have quite a few locations there.

I ordered something different each night. 

Started with the SPICY SABZI - organic baby spinach, shredded kale, spicy broccoli, raw beets, organic carrots, bean sprouts, spicy quinoa, basil, roasted sesame tofu, sweetgreen hot sauce, carrot chili vinaigrette

Then GUACAMOLE GREENS- organic mesclun, avocado, roasted chicken, red onion, tomatoes, tortilla chips, fresh lime squeeze, lime cilantro jalapeno vinaigrette

And then finally BEETS DON'T KALE MY VIBE - organic wild rice, shredded kale, roasted beets + pickled onions, local goat cheese, roasted chicken, raw pecans, balsamic vinaigrette

Ingredients were fresh and the salads were good size.  I did not leave hungry.  Very unique and delicious salad dressings.  

The location I went to is pretty much for take out only.  They had a few tables outside but no seating outside.  Service was friendly and fast.  

Can't wait to come back here when I'm in Philly or NYC great place for health fast food!
The Harvest bowl rocked my tastebuds yesterday - $10.75 for a warm, filling salad filled with chicken, sweet potato and so much more. Honestly I was hesitant about visiting one of these overpriced salad establishments but if you don't make many changes or add on additional ingredients, the prices are pretty comparable to other city salad spots like Snap Kitchen (salad and pizza) and Just salad. Just let go of all your previous biases and assumptions about fast food salads and give it a shot. I think you will be pleasantly surprised. 

Bonus: there is a rewards app that you should definitely get if you become a regular! You can also order ahead with this during busy hours to skip the lines.
Sweet Green is always a hit. I've only had one salad from here but it's just so good I can't bring myself to get anything else. The guacamole greens salad is amazing. So fresh and it's toped off with a Jalapeño Vinaigrette! My husbands go to is the Harvest Bowl. He cant seem to want to order anything else either because of how good and filling it is! The staff is always friendly and lively. Also their 'Beets Don't Kale My Vibe' slogan is too funny.

I like this location much better then the one on Chestnut. Although the one on Chestnut is much larger inside.
I have been searching for a place like this ever since I moved out if DC and away from chopt. Honestly this place is just as good if not better than chopt. 

They have amazing topping choices, lite dressings, and some tables outside to eat at. All in all it is my new favorite salad spot in Philly.
I came here for dinner twice while I was in Philadelphia and did the build your own salad both times. Once I went in store to build it and the other time I ordered it online- I honestly preferred ordering it online because you can see all the different options you have whereas in the shop it can be hard to see everything (and you gotta maximize your toppings). Both salads were delicious with fresh ingredients, even when I went at 9pm.
When I ordered it online they put the wet ingredients and other spices in separate containers (ex. hummus, dressing, red pepper flakes) which I really appreciated. They had my salad ready when I walked in so I was able to grab it and go which was very convenient (I would also recommend doing this at lunch hour because when I walked by there at around 1, the line was out onto the block).
Out of the numerous fast healthy food places in Philadelphia I think sweetgreen is one of the best (i know it's a chain not from philly) and even though it seems expensive for a salad, you get a very substantial amount of food.
Sweet green is one of my favorite salad spots! I have been coming here for years... the lady who helped me was super sweet, so the customer service was good. The options are great as well they have unique ingredients for salads and they are all delicious! This location is very clean and always has most of their ingredients.
I used to hate making and eating salads. Now, I just hate making them! Sweetgreen is absolutely delicious.  So far, I've had Spring Chicken and the Mexican Elote Corn bowl with quinoa. If you order online via the app, be forewarned: They do not premix. You're going to need a large salad bowl and a couple of forks to toss. That's one drawback. The other is that eating these healthy salads will not necessarily help you lose weight.

I'm a type 1 diabetic who has to count every carbohydrate. According to the web, the Mexican Elote bowl has 47 grams of carbs. That is almost as much as a 6-inch Wawa hoagie. If you add a slice of the free bread, that's over 55 g of carbs. Yikes! The Mex bowl has a little farro and quinoa in it, which I guess amps up the carb count, but the rest is arugula, sunflower seeds, a smidgen of goat cheese, and dressing. Salad dressing also may contain more sugar than one would think. Nevertheless, eating a huge salad here is STILL far better than that hoagie, because you're getting a ton of nutrients and fiber.

The staff is friendly and efficient. Usually the line is out the door, so unless you have the time to wait, better use that app and bring in a big-ass salad bowl from home.
Ok whelp, I like the idea of sweet green and have no problems with the other location, but this location has given myself and two other people pretty serious intestinal  distress on separate occasions. I'm thinking they are improperly handling their grains and lettuces and things are getting all contaminated up and then making a beeline from my mouth to colon to plumbing. Sorry sweet green, I'm gonna have to unfriend you
I'm not gonna lie, I am hypercritical of hipster, veggie bowls mixology places since I think paying top dollars for cheap, uncooked ingredients mixed together is an outrage in the culinary art. However, that doesn't mean the food wasn't good...sigh.

My wife and I decided to stop by this establishment outside the hospital for a quick lunch and tried one of the kale mushroom bowls. While I maintained my Bostonian sense of skepticism, I really was impressed with the quantity of proteins and vegetables that were piled into the bowl and I honestly enjoyed the final mixed product. I think each bowl is capable of curbing any hunger without the commonly affiliated guilt. Just be advised that there are really no room inside the building to sit down and eat, so you may need to take your hipster veggie bowl and enjoy it out in the nature.

o Food: 4 stars
o Service: 3 stars
o Ambiance: 3 stars
o Price: 4 stars
This place ain't cheap (more expensive than HipCityVeg, though the salads are larger), but god, it's good.

Ingredients are so fresh, combinations are creative, and the bread is to die for (and it's not white, so you don't feel guilty eating it. It's actually sort of purple). Calorie counts are posted, which is cool. 

My faves are the kale caesar and wild rice bowl. It's a treat. A healthy treat. 

Use this link to download the Sweetgreen app (fueled by LevelUp) and get $3 off: https://www.thelevelup.com/c/EM-30TSVX8OY5
I have never woken up craving a salad before (it's kind of scary actually haha)... but sweet greens has revolutionized my appetite cravings! I enjoy my greens but never imagined myself to be a salad person after this experience! Sad this location does not indoor seatings, only outdoors. 

FRESHEST you'll get: the vegetables, greens, fruits, and meat/seafood because they only carry local farmer produce! Go them! 

My favorites: Guacamole Green! 
Try their homemade dressings: Spicy Cashew if you like boldness and a kick to your salad.

IF YOURE A REGULAR, GET THEIR APP to start an account: every $99 you spend, $9 free back to you!
Alright.... I'm obsessed with sweetgreen. They just do all the things right. 

The service is always warm and friendly, despite this location getting absolutely SWAMPED daily. Even when there's a line out the door and it seems like the entirety of Jefferson's campus has descended upon their humble storefront, the employees just buckle in, take care of business, and do it all with a big smile. Props!!

The ingredients taste fresh and filling. I always leave feeling satiated, but never heavy or bloated.

Low calorie options are aplenty (and they don't *taste* low calorie.)

And to round it all out: the emphasis on environmental stewardship here is a major selling point. The bowls and forks are all compostable, and the cutlery isn't wrapped in plastic. I never feel like a giant, plastic monster ordering to-go.

Love you sweetgreen.
On opening day, it is expected that you will run out of certain things. Here it was all of the meat, caramelized onions and roasted sweet potatoes. The salad is good. However, I find it kind of appalling to make people wait 35 minutes in line and not indicate to customers at any point that they have run out of these items. By the time I had the chance to order  it was too late for me to dine elsewhere. I'll give this place another chance once all the hoopla dies down.
I'm not huge on salads but sometimes you really just want one. If the 30 person line out the door wasn't indication enough, I was not disappointed. The Zahav special was amazing albeit available for a limited time.

Pro Tip:
Get the app and order in advance. That line at lunch time is no freaking joke. Plus you get a free salad for every ten ordered through the app
Its cheap less than $10 lunch food for the health conscious and i am not but the taste of the salad is really good, im sold.  Lots of working peeps but they still got plenty of spaces to sit down and the service is fast they just talk so fast specially the bread girl yesterday i just said yes to whatever she is saying hahahaha, get the salad with chicken on it already as it's $2.50 extra for the chicken which is a rip off for the meager size but as I said its still within budget as it costs me $15 for the salad+chicken+drink, tip: the cucumber ginger lemonade needs more sugar so skip that, do the deep purple drink which tastes better. Service is really fast so if ur on a time crunch its a good spot.
I went through a phase where I was obsessed with sweetgreen. This place is honestly amazing. Tons of salads, always good and made quickly. My typical go to is the Kale Cesare which has chicken, tomato, parmesean crips, cheese, and a squeeze of lime with their yogurt based dressing. Really good and really filling. Honestly, the only downfall of this place is that the prices are a little high. Oh, and they don't accept cash. I definitely recommend this salad chain.
Sweet green may seem a bit pricey at first but the portion size makes it worth it (I usually have leftovers). The ingredients are super fresh and you can customize any salad to your liking. You can order online or through their app for pickup/delivery!
I have generally been a Sweetgreen fan, and I decided to mobile order a salad for pickup after having a rough day. I placed an order for a seasonal 'Superfood Bowl.' The app said that lentils were unavailable, but then up charged me for adding chicken, which didn't really make sense. I also added to seasonal burrata cheese to my bowl.

The order was ready when I arrived about 10 minutes after placing it, which was good. I opened my salad to eat it, and it was pretty aesthetically pleasing. The bowl had a lot of nice colors. The overall flavor was pretty good. Out of all of the different items I've tried at Sweetgreen, this one was pretty good. The beet hummus was very flavorful, and all of the ingredients and dressing in the bowl mixed very well together.

I would go back to this location. However, I wish the app didn't up charge me for replacing an item that THEY didn't have. Still always a Sweetgreen fan though due to the quality and very good menu items and flavor combinations. It's a very refreshing and filling choice when you don't want to go for fast food.
Delivery is always perfect - as if I needed one more reason to love sweetgreen. 

So why should you pay $12-17 for a single salad? Because sweetgreen is the Cold Stone Creamery of salad to-go - your ingredients are all thoroughly mixed together for you. Every bite's a good bite. And there's no frustrating salad spillage while trying to mix it yourself in a tiny bowl.  

Your order is always tucked away tightly into a fully compostable delivery bowl, bundled with compostable utensils. Quick, too. 

Pro tip! Request a lime squeeze if you're ordering delivery. Keeps everything bright :-)
I come here almost daily, which is definitely a hit on my wallet but I can't ever get myself to go anywhere else. The salads are delicious (I get the make your own with kale/spinach, corn, mushrooms, spicy broccoli, grape tomatoes, avocado, egg, and falafel w/ cucumber basil dressing. Trust me, lots of thought has gone into perfecting that combo) and I consistently get a beautiful salad that actually keeps me full. 

The service is super friendly and efficient! Today, just as I was about to pay, the manager came out and told me that my salad was on the house. It was a lovely surprise out of nowhere. 

High prices, but the food tastes delicious and makes you feel great afterwards. Definitely recommend!
Being from DC, I was so stoked to find a Sweetgreen in Philly. BEST salads by far! They are pricier than an average salad bar, but who cares when you get the highest quality ingredients and every piece of salad coated with the perfect amount of dressing???

You can make your own or get one of their pre-selected options. I am on a Rad Thai kick right now - arugula, mesclun, sprouts, shredded cabbage, carrots, spicy sunflower seeds, basil, shrimp, and spicy cashew dressing. SO BOMB! And it's paleo already so I don't have to modify anything. I'm basically in lunch heaven when I come here. Not to mention I pay with the app and after about 10 salads you get $9 off. Not bad!

A bit of a line during lunch rush, but it moves fast. No sweetflow at this location, which is such a bummer. 

Love. Sweetgreen.
I would give 5 stars for quality but it annoys me that they don't take cash. The hello portobello and the earth bowls are awesome. The people working there are usually pretty helpful and efficient and I don't think there is a better lunch offer in that surrounding area. I go here a couple times a week and live the fact that they advertise calorie count and everything is green and recyclable.
This place is disgusting! I don't usually review places, but, then again, I never received food with a BUG in it before! What grossed me out the most is it wasn't even a whole bug, it was HALF of an INSECT. I couldn't even bring it back to complain, because my girlfriend and I had to go all the way home to eat (and we were starving) because there was no where to sit. Not, like, all the tables were full, because there is NO SEATING. You have to get your salad and then get out! So we got home, started eating, and almost halfway through I see the grey INSECT (I don't know what it was, and half or part of it was missing, but it wasn't a common fly, it was longer and thinner than that) in my previously-sealed salad. Once we saw it, we both threw our ridiculously OVER-PRICED salads in the trash. We also felt ripped-off price-wise because it was FOUR DOLLARS to add FIVE OR SIX TINY pieces of shrimp to my girlfriend's salad. My girlfriend was also really disappointed because this location doesn't offer half the items the Ardmore location offers. She wanted to get some frozen yogurt as well, but this location doesn't have it. She also told me on the way there I could get a wrap, but apparently this location doesn't do wraps either! Why exactly can they not make a wrap like they do at the other Sweetgreen's? When I asked an employee why they don't, they just ROLLED THEIR EYES and said, "I don't know." My girlfriend's always trying to get me to eat healthier, and now that I'm getting older I'm definitely more open to it, but when it comes to Sweetgreen, NEVER AGAIN!
My colleague had a moth in her salad and always lots of bugs flying around there. I've been loyal for years and the staff is fantastic but honestly I won't go anymore with the hygiene issues :(((((
DO NOT GO HERE!!! The food might be good but when the salad girl starts yelling at me about my order & then goes over to a coworker and starts whispering & laughing at me., I had to walk out. Does anyone in this establishment care about customer service?
Places Like sweetgreen are good on paper and in theory mean well , they just hit always leave me feeling heartache ... in my wallet. 
I stopped in a week post workout and couldnt really decide between a build your own salad or one of the speciality items they had listed on the menu. 
I opted for the build your own, it started with a quinoa base and i added beans , roasted corn , asparagus and shrimp. Everything is mesured to tiny cups and the portions are pretty small . Though the ingredients are fresh and local the price to portion ratio left me wanting more. 
They do take level up which is a plus ( the credit is 3.00) so your first meal won't hurt quite as much . I recently walked by and saw some outdoor tables so on a nice day you can stay for lunch .
SG is great for lunch! I love the full inclusion of proteins and flexible options. Vegan options a huge plus! Abut pricy, but other than that, I don't feel bad coming here from time to time.
Came in after a night of a stomach virus, needing some serious nutrients. I told the woman that I was just sick and she gave me a couple options. I decided to go with the Spicy Sabzi and sub tofu for chicken. She first asked me light medium or heavy on the dressing (medium) and level of spice (medium). All of the ingredients looked very fresh as I watched her make my salad. The portion was extremely large and personally, I think the prices are pretty low for what it is. I waited like 20 minutes until I got home to actually dig in. Not soggy or anything. I would 100% go back for this salad in particular. Its super filling as it contains tons of veggies, lettuce, and quinoa. But still pretty low in calorie count.

I also LOVE that they mix the salad and dressing for you. Probably my biggest pet peeve is when its undressed and you have to mix it aka have a food fight with yourself.
The salads are great and always fresh ingredients.  The build your own option is nice and allows you to customize to your preferences. The employees are always very friendly and conversational which is welcomed.  The prices are a little high for the salads but you do get high quality ingredients. Can be very long lines during the week at lunch but they move quickly so don't let that deter you.
I could eat here every day. It is healthy food, they are honest about their suppliers and clearly label which ingredients are organic. The workers are friendly and seem to enjoy being there - they definitely received good training on food handling, have knowledge of the recipes, and are empowered to make things right when there is a concern.
I usually rave about sweet green and their fresh ingredients, especially because I love to build my own salad. My most recent experience here, however, was TERRIBLE.

I did my typical build your own salad jam packed with veggies, chicken and tossed with a "medium" amount of dressing. Upon opening my salad at home, there was an instant smell.. like something in the salad wasn't good. The entire salad also looked sad and soggy. 

As I inspected the salad to find out why it didn't seem like my usual fresh and crisp sweet green salad I found that the broccoli inside was bad. It's leaves were a little brown and I'm pretty sure that was the instant smell when I took the lid off my salad.  I tried tasting different parts of the salad and found the tomatoes to be soft, the spinach to be wilted and the chicken was just.. bad. It had a sort of fishy smell to it and tasted like it was out of a can. YUCK. There were aspects of the salad that were good (almonds, corn, cucumber, onion, cabbage, carrots, cheese, chickpeas--yea I get a lot!) but it was all completely over shadowed by the soggy and smelly ingredients. 

The dressing on the salad was also pretty lacking and flavorless. If you do order a salad from here I would suggest getting it on the side and getting enough of it.

After this experience I don't know if I'll ever return to sweet green. The smell of the broccoli and chicken is haunting me.
I paid about $13 for my salad and they forgot to put the avocado on it. I ordered the avocabo so to forget the avocado is pretty bad. I like that it is a convenient place to get healthy options but the prices are a little high.
Food is very filling and tasty. However, the person whom waited on me was not particularly nice.  Due to this I will not be returning to this location
Their salads are huge!!! I love the options and the specialty salads they create - some of these are even seasonal based on the produce they get. This is great because you always have a new option when you order a salad!

I ordered a simple kale apple specialty salad (don't remember the full name), but you also get your choice of salad dressing. Even though there weren't too many ingredients in the salad, it was so fresh, flavorful, and delicious. That's a winner salad right there. The piece of bread that comes with the salad is also incredibly yummy. I also got a cucumber limeade drink - not sweet at all and more of a refreshing hydrating drink.

Staff was friendly and on top of everything. Prices are on the high side, but you're getting local and fresh produce so that's understandable. There is plenty of seating at this location and makes for the perfect quick lunch spot.
I stopped eating my Harvest Bowl to write this review. Yo....Fam.... this food is good. I have been avoiding this place solely because I didn't like the look of the clientele. I know... its dumb. But seriously I cannot take one more trendy place full of center city people being trendy. I kept seeing all these "twenty-somethings" walking by with Sweetgreen bags. Oh really? Farm raised and non GMO and whatever else is in the news. Just because you eat stuff grown near your house doesn't make you Mother Theresa.

 I was so darn wrong. Forgive me everyone who ever walked by me with a bag. Their portions are perfect, the food is fresh and flavorful (goat cheese, apples, wild rice, kale, other stuff with balsamic dressing) and the bread tastes like it was baked in heaven by the sweetest angel ever created. They didn't have any butter, but that's what I get for ever doubting them in the first place. The punishment is sufficient for the offense! I cannot afford another addiction. I am spending enough in therapy trying to work through them, but darn it.... I'm going back tomorrow.
I LOVE this place! It's my favorite go-to lunch spot in the city. You'll likely be alarmed by the length of the line at lunch time, but don't worry, it moves quickly and it's worth the wait. Or, you can always order ahead online.

Everything is so fresh. You can select one of their special salads, quinoa/rice bowls or build your own. They have a great variety of ingredients - ranging from falafel, brussels sprouts, avocado, sweet potatoes, pears, roasted turkey and more! The hummus tahina salad is my favorite but I haven't been disappointed with anything else yet! 

They always have samples of their latest seasonal salad so you can taste test something new. The staff is usually so friendly - chatting with you while they make your salad. 

They're opening a new location at 18th and Chestnut any day now! :)
This branch doesn't honor their hours they just close when they want to at the inconvenience of their loyal customers
Sweet Green is good for a quick lunch, but be prepared to spend at least $10-$11 for your salad. The line can be long but it moves pretty quickly, as all of the staff working are pretty efficient. They do not take cash. You can only pay with credit card or the sweet green app. My favorite salad is the guacamole greens.
Great ingredients, but then they mush it all up together, so you can't even tell that you got some of the things you ordered. As in, I know I ordered broccoli, egg and avocado and I saw her put them in there, but the way she over mixed it together, I can't tell they're in here.  Flavor is good though.  I like that they have srirachi there to add to the salad.  The bread is good, but you know, I got charged $1.50 extra for the avocado, I really would have liked to have had a bite of avocado.
Ummmm hi sweetgreen! Great to be friends with you!
When this location of sweetgreen popped up i couldnt even contain my happiness of not having to lug myself all the way to uni city for sweetgreen. A tip is dont go to this location at peak lunch because it gets super crowded and theres really not a lot of sitting space.

Pro: The reason I like sweetgreen (more than honeygrow might i add) is that the ingredients are SO FRESH..

Con: sweetgreen gets -.5 because they used to have wraps and they took them away. They get another -.5 for how expensive it is... $11 for a salad? You're breaking my heart sweetgreen.. See you next week anyway.
I've gotta say, I've been back a few times since my last review and the staff has really picked it up. They are quicker and friendlier.

Also I very much appreciate the response from management to my initial review. 

Can't wait to the the winter bowls I was just emailed about!
I used to LOVE this place and I wished I could have lunch here every day. I originally rated it a 4 star but had to update due to recent experiences:

1) I still think $10 for a to-go salad is a bit much.
2) The last two times I've gone, my Avocado salad was SO SOUR... It was inedible and I had to throw it.
I love love Sweetgreen! It's my new favorite "fast" food place. They are the "healthy food" version of Chipotle - a variety of healthy choices that do not sacrifice the flavor. Besides great salads, I think rice bowls are what make them stand out. Their wild rice along deserves the 5 starts.  Although I ate my fair share of rice growing up, I was blown away by how good their rice blend tasted. Note their rice bowls are not stir fries, but more of a salad bowl with rice. And lastly, they have some of the best dressings that elevate the dishes. 

All in all, nice selection of grains, greens and vegetables, all combined for a wonderful, flavorful experience. :)
I love love Sweetgreen! It's my new favorite "fast" food place. They are the "healthy food" version of Chipotle - a variety of healthy choices that do not sacrifice the flavor. Besides great salads, I think rice bowls are what make them stand out. Their wild rice along deserves the 5 starts.  Although I ate my fair share of rice growing up, I was blown away by how good their rice blend tasted. Note their rice bowls are not stir fries, but more of a salad bowl with rice. And lastly, they have some of the best dressings that elevate the dishes. 

All in all, nice selection of grains, greens and vegetables, all combined for a wonderful, flavorful experience. :)
Delicious salads, made to order.  Fresh ingredients, friendly employees.  The only places to sit down are at little tables outside on the sidewalk, so plan on taking it with you if the weather isn't cooperating.
I hate salad but somehow I love sweetgreen. Shroomami (sub chicken for tofu) makes my heart sing.
I am SUPER picky about salads. Mostly I like MY salads that I make myself. And the mushroom salad that they used to have at Blackbird (sigh, I'd love for them to bring that back). And that's basically it. But I finally had a sweetgreen salad at the City Fit Girls FitRetreat (the Spicy Sabzi) and I LOVED it! I had it again last week on the Be Well Philly #RunToWorkPHL day and I loved it again. I also really loved the people who work there. There was a massive line of people for #RunToWorkPHL salads, but they were efficient, yet conversational & kind at the same time. Very impressive during a crazy lunchtime crunch with everyone wanting their free salads.

So far, I haven't even paid for a sweetgreen salad, but I definitely would. I'll totally be back for the Spicy Sabzi on a non-event day. I'm definitely a fan.
The salads were good could have been a little bit more fresh since I paid $50 for three salads and two drinks. The two women making our salads had the worst attitudes!  I usually don't write bad reviews but the customer service was terrible!
When it comes to food, you see... I like to describe myself as a carnivore. But I heard great things about this place and decided to give this a try. I should be eating healthier anyways. 

I ordered the harvest bowl for pickup and they forgot to give me the balsamic vinaigrette. My bowl ended up being very very dry. This ruined the whole salad experience for me. The bowl was hard to chew, it didn't feel fresh either. By the end of my meal my jaw was aching. It was like my jaw had its own workout. I like the components of the bowl..the chicken being my favorite part. Maybe I will give this place another shot in the future but for now, my experience wasn't that great

I like how they place the calories of each food item. There were definitely some high calories ones to be aware of if you want to eat light that day.
Didn't get my salad - they refuse cash

In a locale with mainly unhealthy food options and many who seem low income about (less access to credit debit ) in my travels I had discovered this chain as a healthy alternative - but with this policy that discriminates against the poor I will not eat there - even at locales that do. Healthy food should be accessible to all
This is probably my favorite place to eat in philly because the ingredients are fresh and the staff is always pleasant. I however had my first unpleasantness experience today because the amount of herbed falafel that was in my salad was .. minuscule (4 pieces). I ordered a make your own salad with a kale and arugula base, beets, sweet potatoes, tomatoes, carrots, corn and feta cheese; the premium I added was the herbed falafel. I'll probably not order the falafel again but will definitely be coming back for more salads!
This is my favorite lunch spot! 

Listen, sometimes this place gets packed. Sometimes they get backed up. You all must understand this. The service staff does the best they can with all you basics trying to get your salad on.

With that being said, my go-to is ordering on the app and picking it up. I haven't had any errors with my salad or warm bowl or complaints in that regard. Sometimes I ask for extra bread and guess what? They'll throw me a slice. The employees are nice there, and seem like they have fun which is cool. 

I recommend the harvest bowl and the Mexican bowl I had recently, I forget the name but it had roasted corn and goat cheese involved and it was awesome. Just order ahead and you'll be all good.
Best salads, the make your own gives you lots of options, but be ready to pay the price if you go crazy though!
If the thought of salad makes you want to curl up in fetal position, sweetgreen will make you change your mind! Sweetgreen is a fast casual DIY salad joint. 

This place is truly fast casual-- you get your salad and leave. The ingredients always taste fresh, the portion sizing is generous (~$10 for a salad that lasts me two meals), and the service is efficient and friendly. The place seems very clean as well. 

Additional notes: 
- no seating (some chairs outside in good weather)
- no cash - card only! 
- very flexible with substitutions - if you don't like something in a pre-set bowl option, you can swap it out. 
- vegetarian friendly 

Recommendations - the Harvest bowl (one of the few bowls with chicken, although you can DIY your salad and add anything), and the spicy cashew dressing (not actually spicy, just addicting).
I have noticed in the last few months a difference in the quality of salads at the Sweetgreen on 10th and Chestnut. Just picked up my app ordered guacamole green and what a disappointment for over 11$!!! I can throw this together at home from a bag.
The theme holding the place back is that the food is a bit pricey. If 3.5 stars was an option, that would be my vote.

But the salads are good, there are an assortment of options, and afterwards you feel pretty healthy. My favorite was a seasonal crab salad back in the fall.
Ugh.  After hearing a few of my friends rave about Sweetgreen and its superiority over Honeygrow (buncha noodles, not enough substance IMO for the price), I wanted to see for myself what this place was all about.   

It was about 8:30PM on a Wednesday and my tipsy ass (SIPs, I don't normally drink on Wednesdays...) passed up the option of a getting a WAWA sub to be a bit healthier.  I used a friend's Sweetgreen ordering app to attempt to get myself something that would rival the likes of a wawa mac and cheese.  

The app is similar to Honeygrow's ordering system- pick the base [greens, rice, etc., although on this app I was limited to only two choices;  if I recall correctly Honeygrow's options are unlimited and sometimes a girl wants spinach, arugula, AND mesclun on her salad...] then pick protein/additional toppings (4? idr), then pick more additional toppings for an extra charge, and then pick a dressing.  Pretty straight forward, and some good seasonal options.  

The salad that I ordered: mesclun & arugula with cucumbers, watermelon, za'atar bread crumbs, blackened chicken thighs, and pesto dressing.  Was hungry and excited.  I set to pick up the salad at 9PM, and that's when my problems began. 

I arrived outside of Sweetgreen about 8:45- early, but I was planning to wait it out or see if they could make it ahead of time.  To my surprise, the store was locked.  This location claims it stays open until 10, so I was confused.  Someone else outside of the store wanted to order but couldn't get in.  Since I had already paid for my salad, I was intent on getting it. I knocked on the door and one of the workers finally acknowledged me, mouthed something like "pick-up?" and then let me inside.  

My salad was already made, and as they were about to hand it to me, told me that they had run out of cucumbers and bread crumbs.  If I hadn't said anything, they would have been happy to give me a salad with just greens, chicken, and watermelon for around 10 bucks.  I asked what they could replace the missing items with, and the salad girl rolled her eyes at me and opened my salad to add something else.  I asked for sweet potatoes, which she added on, and then she proceeded to actually knock over my bowl on the counter, spill the contents, scoop them all back up and put them back in with only half of what was originally in there. She then asked one of her co-workers (who was standing right behind her, not doing anything) if she could take over because she just couldn't do it anymore. Co-worker said no.  There was a lot of attitude involved and it made me uncomfortable.  She then said 'oh, we actually do have breadcrumbs" (??? why not just add them in the first place), and then she walked over to that station and added them on too.  

I got my salad, was mostly underwhelmed but at least I was full once I finished it.  Pesto dressing was good, that's really all I can say.

For a pick-up order, the service was awful and I can't imagine what going there to actually order a salad would be like.  Also still confused why they were closed so early.  I will not be going back.
I have to say I am not a fan!!! I wanted to be but have been there twice and I'm just not impressed.  The ingredients are super fresh and local but nothing wowed me. I thought the salads were a decent size but not flavorful. There wasn't enough dressing or "stuff" in the salad. It cost about $12 and that's without a drink... I have to say the piece of bread they give you is very good but they don't even offer you butter...
Meh. 

The good things:
+Wide selection of very fresh ingredients
+Unique, delicious salad dressings
+Warm Quinoa and wild rice are great additions to salads

The bad:
- It feels like everything has an up charge (Avocados, cheeses, proteins)
- The chicken is never consistent (Sometimes chewy)

Also recently, I've noticed the order ahead seems unreliable. I ordered something for 11:45am but was called because one of the warm ingredients wouldn't be ready on time but should be ready by 11:55. No problem. I still show up at 11:45 just in case and I find my meal sitting, prepped by 11:32. Needless to say it wasn't warm anymore.
Sweetgreen has become a staple for a quick meal when I'm rushing to work and want something healthy and fresh. There's a few tables outside if you wanted to sit and eat, but I usually just grab and go. I've found the employees hit or miss. Some are really friendly and helpful and others are.. less so. 

My absolute go to is the Spicy Szabi.. it is just so filling and delicious. I always get it with the spicy cashew dressing just to make it extra spicy. It's hard for me to order anything else, because I just always want this one! Sometimes I change it up and add different toppings when I'm feeling wild. I've also had the seasonal butternut squash soup, which was just okay. The bread is legit, so definitely get it.

I would like if they had a bit more selection in terms of fruit and toppings to add in. I like salads with strawberries, pineapple, etc and they don't have these options available. Also, beware of the calorie count in some of these salads. IMO, if you're going to eat a salad that is upwards of 600-700 calories, you might as well just go get a burger.

Tip: If you're constantly trying not to be late to work like me or you just hate waiting, order ahead online. I've done this many times and never had an issue with my order not being ready/correct when I go to pick it up. Pay on levelup/the sweetgreen app to get a 10 dollar credit after you spend a certain amount. Winning!
I always want to like these places. I really do. But something always holds me back.  Here, it was value.

The food at Sweetgreen is really nice. Delicious, healthy(ish) options abound. They've got some really interesting stuff that similar concepts don't have (soba noodles, goat cheese, etc).

But when I've paid 11$ for something, I expect to be full. One of these salad places is going to get it right one of these days.

If you don't have a huge appetite, then Sweetgreen should be on your list. A healthy step up from Chopt, if you ask me.
I've been getting lunch from sweet green for over a year regularly. It's tasty, the quantity is satisfying and it's convenient.

PROS:
Their recipes and ingredients are very good, the dressings are amazing and when I remove something from my bowl, it's properly removed from the price.
They also offer the option to order online and pick it up. I do that if I have a busy day and can't wait in the line.
Also, all the servers are very polite and professional.

CONS:
The line at lunch time is ridiculous, it can take 20 mins to actually order.
I would also like the online option to have my dressing mixed with the salad instead of on the side. As I mentioned I order online to avoid the line, there's no time for the greens to wilt and we save the world some plastic.
Finally, it's very loud in there, I have to shout if I make any changes to a standard bowl.
I live in Charleston now and we don't have a sweetgreen. This weekend, I was visiting my friend in Philly and when I found out we were getting sweetgreen I actually cried happy tears. Now I'm crying sad tears because the experience was so bad. This review is based on the poor service we received and not about the actual food. We went at an off hour- there were 6 employees working and not one of them acknowledged us for the first 3 minutes we were there. When they finally did decide to come over to us, they acted like it was an inconvenience to make our salads and provide us service. The employee (name unknown but it was not Ilanna) acted like I was annoying, and I'm NOT annoying. The store itself looked dirty, unorganized, and they were out of several ingredients. Hoping for better service in the future.
Friendly staff and lines moves quick but when did they start skimping on amounts?  Three times in a row with a half full bowl. Never a good sign when a customer asks for more lettuce and then two minutes later you hear the manager reminding staff "watch the portion control on greens."
This place was one of my favorite salad restaurants until last night when I ordered 2 harvest bowls. Mine barely had any rice in it and to my surprise included a long strand of hair in it. My wife also found a long strand of hair in her harvest bowl.
I've been to many sweet green stores and I've got to say that this is the friendliest, quickest, and one of the cleanest stores I've been to. Rob (the manager) served me and he was great! Not only did he make a mean salad but also asked how my day was and made conversation which I appreciated. I'll be coming back for sure and ordering more salads! Two thumbs up
I love this location of Sweetgreen.  I am a regular customer and they treat me so well.  One day I ordered ahead of time, but put a later pick up time.   There is one person who always recognizes me and takes good care of me with excellent customer service.   She had them make my salad right away and I didn't lose much time to my lunch time.   My favorite salad is the fish taco salad.  I love the other salads like crispy rice bowl and chicken pesto Parmesan.  I lost 20 lbs eating sweetgreen almost everyday .  The food kept me healthy especially during a very stressful year of my life where I needed good nutrition to keep me healthy.   Their salads are worth the money and health. I am almost at a gold member status because I love the salads.  I highly recommend Sweetgreen for their good customer service and delicious and very healthy food.
Ordered from UberEats. The food was fresh and delicious. The chicken pesto parm was delicious w/ green goddess dressing. The Harvest bowl was also yummy. This is great alternative to have healthy choices in your life. Highly recommend adding this place into your foodie lifestyle.
