In my attempts to whittle myself down for another round of bridesmaid duty later this month, I've decided that I've got to keep my diet healthy as can be but interesting. We all know what happens when we eat the same boring thing day in and day out - total, reckless binge eating. I will not allow that to happen. And why should I, with so many lowfat/vegan/local/healthy -committed restaurants popping up all over town? 

Last night's dinner brought me to Sweetgreen. The ingredients looked bright and fresh, and the salad creations were interesting. There's also the option to create your own. I went with a guacamole greens salad, which had spring mix, half an avocado, halved grape tomatoes, red onion, tortilla chips, a healthy squeeze of fresh lime and some jalapeño vinaigrette. I substituted black beans for the chicken, just to make the dinner vegetarian (we're trying the whole meatless Mondays thing when we can). The salad was pretty delicious though my boyfriend's seasonal salad had a slight edge over mine.

I love Sweetgreen's dedication to recycling and the fact that they give reusable bowls for dining in, along with recyclable cutlery. I do wish the compost/trash/recyclable bins had more descriptive signs. Glancing into the bins, it was clear most people don't know what these words mean, unfortunately. 

Prices are on the high side for salads but probably not more than Saladworks, yet the end product is a hell of a lot tastier. Dressings are homemade, too. My only gripe was that the tables weren't wiped down when we arrived (the restaurant was pretty quiet at that time), and I didn't see any wiped down during the time we were there, either. Still, it's likely that I'll return, probably even this week.
Incredible place to enjoy salad. Not fan of their homemade beverages.
Not sure how I haven't written this review yet, because this place has fast become my favorite lunch spot. They now have frequent buyer cards, too, so all the better, because I've been here like 10 times and they've only just recently opened. Also, be sure to pick up a reusable salad bowl for 5 bucks! All their other stuff is compost-able which just adds to the awesomeness of this place!

My two favorite salads are the Chic-P and the Sabzi, both of which are vegan. Chic-P features wonderful pieces of baked falafel, chic peas (which I swap out for radishes), peppers (I swap them for beets), cucumbers, and pita chips. It comes with a wonderfully tasty tahini dressing but I have also swapped it out for the also delightful cucumber basil yogurt dressing. The Sabzi salad comes with radishes, beets, white beans, dried cranberries and quinoa and I typically ask for the yogurt dressing to swap out the spicy carrot dressing. I often get the bread because it is super-tasty, although I'm trying to cut back on carbs. It is whole grain and very healthy (but it's still bread which isn't the easiest thing to digest!)

Anyway, I can't recommend this place enough. It's part of an explosion of wonderful food along Chestnut between 39th and 40th and it's a great addition to the neighborhood.
I now present the secret Brad P. Sweetgreen menu.

Item #1 - THE FIRE BITCH - This falafel salad with mesclun & baby spinach, chickpeas, cucumbers, tahini dressing, and some other hippie stuff with WASABI PEAS and SRIRACHA SAUCE. If the cashier doesn't understand "THE FIRE BITCH" then just order the Chic-P salad and have them add wasabi peas and Sriracha sauce but when they put the sriracha sauce on the salad just keep saying "more, more, more" like you are in a goddamned voodoo trance and once that salad is swimming in sriracha like a helpless collection of cruise-sinking-survivors then let your eyes glaze over and keep chanting "more, more" until they have to get a second bottle of sriracha to appease you, you greedy bastard.

Item #2 - THE FIRE BITCH PLEASE - You ever had Sriracha sauce with GRAPES?! HELL NO. Well you will...on THE FIRE BITCH PLEASE!! This roasted shrimp wrap has romaine, feta cheese, grapes, mint, chickpeas, cucumber basil yogurt dressing, lemon squeeze, WASABI PEAS, and SRIRACHA SAUCE. You've NEVER HAD GRAPES LIKE THIS BEFORE! If the cashier doesn't understand "FIRE BITCH PLEASE" then tell them you want the Santorini wrap with WASABI PEAS and SRIRACHA SAUCE.

It is also possible to "Bradify" any salad at Sweetgreen. Just have them add copious quantities of wasabi peas and Sriracha.

Yes, Sweetgreen, I will accept a lucrative position in your marketing department.

As a final note, I really like how the employees are friendly and everything is recyclable, even the plastic cups that totally don't seem like they'd be recyclable BUT THEY ARE.

PUT
WASABI PEAS
SRIRACHA

ON EVERYTHING

EVEN IN YOUR STUPID SODA!
I don't usually review restaurant chains, especially not a fast-casual salad place - they all seem to blur together (SG, fresh&co, just salad), though I do admit to really, really craving a greens place back when I was in Charlottesville. Anyway, there's a certain ceiling to how good a chopped salad will taste. 

I went with making my own bowl and everything was fine until we got up to the register. I took two normal plastic cups and was about to go fill them with the water from the dispenser when the cashier said I had to pay. I explained it wasn't for any of the iced tea or soft drinks; I really just wanted water. She kept glaring at us suspiciously and insisting that we had to pay for water until finally her co-worker intervened. I'm not wading into the whole business of whether or not restaurants should be able to charge for tap water (but fine: that's stupid) but her whole demeanor was just unnecessary. 

And then, when my fiancee's salad was done (but my cousin had already paid for all of ours), I mentioned that the salad was already paid for at least three times but she pretended not to hear. Just a really bizarre encounter. 

My salad was very good, though.
So we decided to try out a new spot for take out and my girlfriend found a place near the hospital where she works. Very healthy alternative to the everyday humdrum of take out food. Unfortunately, we put an online order at 4:30 for a 7:30 pickup. Not only was the order not ready when we arrived, but we get home only to notice that the Hummus Tahina salad had no falafel in it. You work hard all day to have to stand in a long line for an order that should have been put together before you got there and you get home all the way to Manayunk just to find out it's not even complete. Thanks Sweetgreen. Really appreciate it.
Sweetgreen has always been very good when I get it for lunch. However, had the Guacamole Greens yesterday and found a live bug crawling in my salad. Washing lettuce properly is easy to do, and I'm disappointed I can no longer eat here. Worst mistake a "salad" place can make. Will stick with Honeygrow and Saladworks.
[ overall ]
You don't come here for the food, you come here for the feeling of being "healthy". Mediocre salads that leave you feeling ripped off ($11+) and hungry an hour later. Filled with see-and-be-seen Lululemon types walking in from Pottruck. The conversations you overhear will lower your faith in humanity.

To be fair, maybe the last two gripes only apply to the Penn location, but come on. Just because I'm vegetarian doesn't mean I want to pay $11 for a bowl of rabbit food.

[ vibe and service ]
Think Whole Foods crossed with Lululemon. Staff are friendly enough and work pretty quickly. No complaints here.

[ conclusion ]
Just not worth it when there are so many better, healthy options that also actually taste like food (Hai Street, Hummus, Herban). Take a pass.
I completely understand when it comes to the food industry, dealing with entitled customers can be exhausting, especially when they assume they can verbally abuse you and get away with it; however, with that being said, unless I've personally done so, do not take your frustration out on me by having a snotty attitude and rolling your eyes as you prepare my salad, especially when I was nothing but polite and courteous to you.

I went to Sweet Greens at UPenn yesterday and never again will I go to this location, especially when the staff needs to learn that not everyone is an entitled jerk that enjoys making their job miserable.

The two salads that I've ordered were disappointing at most, the falafel was dried and tasteless and beets lacking in any flavor.
Excessively Green. Even their soda is only cane sugar sweetened. Perhaps a bit expensive, but considering it a premium to support the business practices you favor seems worthwhile. 

& my food was very good. hooray for that. 

All their take out materials are compostable.
Sweetgreen had their grand opening yesterday on Walnut Street and having enjoyed their delicious offerings in DC, I was really excited to get my green on!  Salads, soups, wraps, frozen Stonyfield Yogurt, oh my!

My salad of choice - Bondi Beach with avocado, corn, heart of palm and wasabi peas! Getting one of their original salad creations is recommended--though you can always customize your own salad.  The thing about sweetgreen is that everything is REALLLLLLY fresh and they source everything as locally as possible. This translates to delicious, fresh and tasty creations worth the price ($7-11 / salad). 

It was clear that it was opening day - the service was a little slow and the line got a bit backed up, but once they get into the groove it will be great.

I just hope they open a location in Center City!
Obsessed Much? 

That just about sums up my feelings for Sweet Green. Lets just say that in the 2 weeks I've been at my new job, I've gone 5 times. To break that down, 50% of the time I leave my office for lunch, I go to Sweet Green. Yeah.

Why am I obsessed? Well, it's all salads, wraps and frozen yogurt...all of my lunch time faves. Everything you see is organic and/or sourced locally so you know you're getting great, fresh ingredients that are good for the body. Now, you can create your own or you can order off the menu. So far, I've been ordering salads off the menu because all the items have the calories listed...awesome. I'll just say this now, yes, it's expensive for a salad but as I said, really delicious and I understand that their prices likely have to stay high in order to purchase the right ingredients. So it's understandable. 

On to the food...I've tried the kale caesar , the santorini, and the spicy sabzi and all have been absolutely delicious and fresh tasting...any of these paired with a cucumber limeade and you've got yourself an awesome lunch! Get there now but be wary of the lunch time rush!
This place has the best salads! I think Sweetgreen is one of the few actually healthy "healthy" options for salads. The salads/wraps are all made from seasonal and local ingredients and they list exactly what local farm supplies them with each ingredient on the menu. The employees are friendly and they make the salads made to order right in front of you and do not mind if you substitute ingredients. They also give you a choice of how you want your salad dressing mixed into your salad- light, medium or heavy which is awesome.
The only reason for the 4 stars is the price. We paid $24 for two salads and two sodas but I would still happily go back!
Looking for fresh salads with healthy ingredients from an environmentally friendly place? Well, Sweetgreen is it! With multiple leafy greens selections as your base, you can toss in all sorts of veggies, proteins and crunchies and a swirl of salad dressing to make a one-of-a-kind salad, or you can choose a tasty selection off the menu. You can sip a Boylan's fountain soda along with your salad and afterwards there is fat-free Stonyfield Farms frozen yogurt. 
Many of their food containers are recyclable or compostable, which probably contributes to the higher price point. Cheap, Sweetgreen is not, but you get a substantial portion for your $8-10+. Plus you get that special tingle from knowing you are supporting a positive business model!
My only 2 complaints thus far are that the music is a bit too loud and some of the ingredients could have been fresher (the beets were an odd color and the berries looked slightly aged).
For my fellow gluten-free Yelpers: They are really well-prepared and have a list of gluten-free toppings/ingredients, so if you need to avoid ingesting glutenous products, this place might be a good choice. However, they do have glutenous toppings and sliced bread, so it may not be free from contamination if you have a severe allergy. I do not know what their gluten-handling policy is, so make sure to check!

If you're tired of the Bobby's Burger Palace meatfest, head next door to Sweetgreen and enjoy some healthy medium-speed food: too slow to be fast food, too fast to be slow food.
It's easy to take sweetgreen for granted when you pass by it every day at Penn, but I realized what an amazing salad place it is when I was in NYC last summer, left without any good salad options. Sweetgreen is by far one of my fave salad places and it's what got me into eating salads in the first place. In terms of variety of options, the quality of ingredients, and service/efficiency it ranks #1.

My custom go-to salad is this: wild rice with mix of mesclun and kale, butternut squash, cherry tomatoes, spicy broccoli, apples, and roasted tofu with a light cucumber tahini yogurt dressing. It's amazing and I recommend everyone to try customizing their salad! I love how everything is so fresh, and on days when I want to splurge I get their steelhead trout!
So I decided to go on a detox from the fun summer I had eating nothing but all the bad foods. On my detox quest I was looking for a place to get healthy foods. Thank goodness I work in University City because it offers a variety of different eating options and that's when I saw Sweetgreen.

At Sweetgreen I ordered the hummus tahini salad which consisted of kale and romaine lettuce as well as baked falafel, pita chips, feta cheese, and a yogurt tahini dressing. It was very yummy! The ingredients were fresh, the falafel was delicious and my salad was a large portion. 

Sweetgreen also offers other varieties of salads as well such as peach goat cheese, watermelon feta, and earth and harvest bowels. They also have great options for vegans as well. I think I'll try the earth bowel next time I come back!
Update 4/27. Parked in UC this beautiful Saturday. Parking isn't always easy in University City. Guess what?? Closed again!! 


Love Sweetgreen for sure. This location, however, is spotty. Tried to order online today and they weren't accepting online orders. So, decided to go to the store to place my order, but when I walked in at 6:00, they said they were closed due to "facility issues." This is the second time I have arrived at this location and they have been closed during regular business hours.
Very good salads and wide range of choices. The whole chain is good but could use a bump in the friendly and welcome training. Maybe its tough to work there, but it would help alot to get some happy going. Not being picky, the struggle is real. Salads are on point.
Yes, it's a chain. And yes, I resisted going here for a while because I assumed it was only for those constantly dieting, leggings-clad Penn sorority girls toting identical longchamp purses. But as soon as I tried Sweetgreen's chic-p and sabzi salads, I became a total fan. The salads are surprisingly satisfying and filling, and I feel great after eating them. They are proof that eating a salad for lunch doesn't have to mean hunger and deprivation. In fact, I'd eat here more, except that spending 9 bucks on a salad every day would be rather unkind to my wallet. I see the value of it though. The ingredients are fresh and locally sourced and all of the packaging is 100% plant-based and compostable. Their vegan salads are creative, and are well-balanced in terms of texture and flavor, especially the spicy sabzi. Their tart froyo is also bangin'. 

The online ordering system still has a few kinks, but it's nevertheless a great way to cut the line, which can be pretty insane around lunchtime.
I've been here a few times and each time is different.  My first visit was a Saturday and they were quite the snobs, but then I've been back twice (I can't find good salad in U-City) and the workers were friendly.  I guess the 2 times back I didn't order a wrap...so don't order a wrap, they don't like that.  

The concept is great - local ingredients, free-range, organic, fair-trade and all that jazz.  Plus it really is one of the few places in U-City that I've found I can get a really healthy lunch...I just wish that my super healthy lunch was not super expensive.  Salads run between $8--$12 and they're about the size of a small mixing bowl...I'd say 2.5 cups of veggies.  That said, I have to make it a treat....or in my case a punishment because I've been eating really crappy...to go here.  

You can make your own salad, or order their specially designed ones...you can turn any salad into a wrap but beware.  They post their nutrition info online and they even offer "hot bowls' now although I didn't see them in the store (only online).  They also have frozen yogurt which I haven't tested.  There's a Kiwi that's closer.
For the longest time I refused to eat salad. Then I came to Sweetgreen and they have officially converted me. All the ingredients are fresh and there are so many options. However, there is NEVER anywhere to sit, so you usually have to get take out. (Beware of the takeout boxes though because you get significantly less salad for your money.) Somewhat pricey but worth it.
I once had a salad at Sweetgreen. Wait, let me go back and preface this post by saying this: I rarely purchase a salad from anywhere, especially in my own UCity neighborhood. Do you know why? Because I could buy enough salad ingredients for a week of diverse, delicious salads for the cost of one lunch salad at most places. However, setting that aside, the salad was good. But when I thought about the fact that I spent $11.07 on it, it wasn't good enough. I appreciate local ingredients and biodegradable utensils, but the quality and flavor of what I ate didn't justify the price I paid, considering the fact that Sweetgreen is more quick/takeout than sit down/fancy restaurant. Still, if you've got 10 extra bucks, you should definitely hit up Sweetgreen and... oh, um, wait, still be a dollar short.
Great place to grab a quick bite or to go. I love the selection of salads and wraps and esp enjoy how the calories are provided. Also, the salads range from $8.50 -$11 and come w a slice of buckwheat bread.

I had the guacamole salad light on the dressing and it was sooo goood ! Overall I like how a person takes ur order vs a touchscreen ipad. It's nice to order food from a real person. 

Love this spot!
I came in on a Tuesday at 12:30pm.  There was a line. Waited around 5 mins to order.

Service was quick.  Seems that most of the employees knew what they were doing.  They weren't slow or lazy.

I ordered the Pesto Portabello.  It was my first time getting this salad.  I usually get the kale Caesar salad.
I'm giving this 4 stars because every salad of gotten from Sweet Green has been consistently good and their portion size are good and their prices for organic everything is reasonable. For a salad, it's surely a little better than the average.
I live for the Shroomami. In fact, it's so good I get it every single time. The portobello and tofu warms up the bone and complements the crunchy kale. The salad is also pretty big so usually I can barely finish it. 

I've also tried their Curry Cauliflower which is delicious. In my opinion, not as good as the Shroomami but it's a great option if you want some chicken in your salad. 

The only complaint I have about Sweetgreen is that they run out of ingredients a lot. I've had to wait 10-15min for them to cook up a new batch of tofu multiple times. It would be great if they could have a sign that tells you if they're out of something.
This review is based almost solely on my love for the shroomami bowl. It's vegan, has tons of texture and flavor, and has the right amount of calories for a lunch/for the price point. (I don't want to spend $11 for a 400 calorie salad that will require me to eat a second lunch 2 hours later). I've also had the spicy Thai salad, which is awesome but a little too light for lunch. 

This specific location always gets really packed around lunch time (sometimes the line is out the door =o) but that's to be expected on a college campus. I've only ever had positive experiences in terms of service. I always ask for light/medium dressing and two slices of bread, and they've always accommodated my requests. 

I generally bring lunch to work, but whenever I don't I come to sweetgreen for the shroomami bowl!
I'm not the biggest fan of salad but I think this is ok. The service here is alright; I think sometimes the workers are tired. However, the line's usually really long, which might attract people to other fast food chains in the area (Chipotle).

I think the bowls are ok. As someone who is not the biggest fan of vinegar, I do not find Harvest Bowls my favorite. For those similar to me, I'd suggest building your own, which usually comes to about $10 with meat.
I went during a relatively slow period, but I had great service! My one gripe is that the beets were, unexpectedly, raw. But the range of toppings lets you make an a) huge and b) fancy salad for a reasonably decent price. If I worked nearby I'd definitely be in more often. Solid.
I don't always eat salad, but when I do.. I go to Sweetgreen.

The staff here is AMAZINGGGGGGGG.

The food is also great. Best salads I have ever had. All ingredients taste super fresh and I love the bowl options. I've tried many with the grains they suggest and have never been steered wrong. Try the seasonal bowls! They rock. Also,put goat cheese on everything because it's just better that way.

DOES NOT TAKE CASH.
It's a veggie heaven! Fresh ingredients and super nice staff.  You can build your own salad or try one of their suggestions. I personally like the Spicy Sabzi with spinach, kale, spicy quinoa, and a handful of other yummy veggies with carrot chili vinaigrette and sriracha.  With your salad or wrap you can purchase a refreshing drink like blueberry basil lemonade.  I also enjoy their cucumber lemonade.

The place is small, but clean and has a lot of natural light. I feel healthier just walking in the place!

It is a little pricey. Unfortunately, healthy & organic eating out usually costs more most times.
I was extremely wary of Sweetgreen when I first moved to Philadelphia - I thought it was just overpriced salads for girls who don't eat. But I was wrong. I have come to love Sweetgreen, and I don't even really like salad that much.

The best part about Sweetgreen is that it really is a wholesome meal with fresh ingredients. My go-to is the Kale Caesar, which is a great take on the classic caesar salad with kale and these great parmesan chips. I've also custom built salads a few times, but that's more risky since you're not quite sure what will go together well. I also really like the Santorini, which has feta, grapes, chickpeas, and shrimp. 

The fro-yo here is really, really good too - a really refreshing snack, and actually GREAT if you're hungover. 

The only thing that continues to annoy me is that it's really expensive. Paying 11 or 12 bucks for a salad feels wrong, no matter how good it is. They do have a mobile rewards program that you get a "free salad" after 9 purchased, but they only give you $9 which doesn't even cover a whole salad... but I still continue to come here.
Love their salads! The signature ones are a bit expensive, but you can drastically lower the price by creating your own. I love the new addition of warm grains (quinoa and farrow) as a new base. The toppings are always very fresh, and the buckwheat bread on top is to die for. I ate their frozen yogurt a lot last year (but now that I'm dairy-free, I can't), and it's amazing! The tart flavor is delicious, and the toppings are pretty awesome (and generally healthy) as well :)
Sweetgreen UCity has been a staple since the pandemic hit last year. They have been doing in store and online ordering that makes it easy for a delicious grab and go meal. My orders are always timely and accurate and the employees are always so friendly and efficient. I love all of the salads but my favorite is the vegetarian Caesar salad!
So there are a handful of salad places around Penn in an attempt to combat the temptation of unhealthy choices. This one is by far the nicest. Clean, with seasonal salads and with fro-yo on the side-- it's a great place for a quick lunch. Downside is like all salad places, making one would be way cheaper than purchasing from here. Oh, $11 salad. How?

Santorini is my favorite!
So good. I would eat here everyday for lunch and dinner. The salads are reasonably priced and full of delicious fresh ingredients and much more flavorful and fresh than other options like Houston hall. The lines can get long at peak hours so if you don't wait to wait there is an app to order from and you can pick up your order. I have not tried this service but I see people come in and pick their orders up frequently.
Very similar to Just Salad and Fresh & Co. in NYC, with a good selection of toppings and dressings.  I love that the broccoli here is seasoned and roasted, not just raw and chopped.  Try the roasted sweet potatoes and baked tofu as well!  The beets were decent but just be aware that they are raw and not marinated and roasted.  They even have a quinoa base option and halved red grapes.  My personal favorite is the agave dijon vinaigrette but the pesto vinaigrette is very good as well.  Portions are on the small side as you only get one tiny spoonful of each topping, but it's a great healthy option on campus, for sure.  It does get busy during lunch but the line moves quickly.
Horrible for my bank account, wonderful for everything else! I have so many things that I love about Sweet Green:
1. All the food is local.
2. Everything (bowls, plates, plasticware, napkins) is biodegradable!
3. YOU get to create your salad or pick one of their chosen ones.
4. Friendly staff
5. It's frozen yogurt is Stoneyfield
6. It's incredibly healthy
7. All the ingredients are natural

Yes, it is expensive, but that is because these ingredients are all healthy, and I would guess the markup is much, much smaller as any other restaurant on Walnut. I.e: spinach and almonds are more expensive than pizza.
Sweetgreen is a reliable favorite; I know when I order a salad that the ingredients will be pristine and tasty. The top notch ingredients reflect the price point. 

 The salad dressings are unparalleled. They have really mastered the typical dressings such as miso sesame and balsamic vinaigrettes. I recently tried the Dill Tahini dressing featured in this month's collaboration bowl with Zahav restaurant and it was scrumdiddlyumptious! 

I try my best not to come during peak meal hours (I have seen the line trail out the door at dinner time) to avoid the crowd. Many of my classmates like to order aheado n the website, but I prefer to stand in line and watch them make my salad as I am quite picky and will often ask for extras or lighter scoopers etc. 

The employees go above and beyond to cater to the specifics of your order. When I ordered the Zahav bowl, they were out of chickpeas. The employee gladly let me substitute for other ingredients are always willing to accommodate extra dressing requests. 

Sweetgreen is a staple on my campus; it enables me to make healthy dining choices while providing a flavorful and filling meal!
This is probably my favorite weekday lunch place. The salads here are just better than anywhere else. I didn't really realize this until one day it was too busy there and I went to Saladworks instead. Their balsamic dressing tasted like something for stripping floors. Anyway, the ingredients/dressing at Sweetgreen are very good. They often put Sriracha on with dressings which sounds weird but works. My favorite salads are probably the Misoba and the Earthbowl.
Really slow. With bad service. I don't know why I spent $10 for a salad that took 15 minutes to make. That's the last time I'll be going to sweet green.
Sweetgreen, neglecting you for so long was clearly a mistake because you guys just blew my mind with yumminess!  I always walk by you and choose Chipotle instead but from now on I may have to reconsider! Entering your establishment and reading your menu was a bit overwhelming to someone who doesn't frequent salad shops but your employees quickly saw my confused face and offered me samples until I found the perfect fit! I ordered your Guacamole Green Salad and was amazed at all of the flavor and deliciousness in every bite. I was a bit skeptical of your $10 price tag because you really are "just a salad shop", but boy did you prove me wrong! 

I will definitely be seeing you soon!
As a guy I rarely eat a salad,  but Sweetgreen changed that. I always walked past on the way to Bobby's Burger Palace or Chipotle. I'm fairly certain I spelled that right. On eventually day I let some if my classmates convince me to accompany them for lunch at Sweetgreen. Walking in started to see that everything is local, fresh, and kind of hipster. Put I pressed in with courage and a empty stomach. I had a make your own salad that consisted of strawberries, cranberries, carrots, romaine lettuce, and a nice mescallen mix in a champagne vinegarette. I know not the first thing you expect a guy to get. With one of there sparkling soda's I become a fan and regular I visited the next day. Sweetgreen is refreshing brake from all the other salad places. So many other places preach about how everything is local. Really? As local as South America. The only thing I have add to this is when you dine in Sweetgreen I feel like I'm in a urban outfitters everything is so trend and cool. But I will certainly be back soon to have a salad I got to get used to saying that more.
Get your Detox Salad for a winter cleanse! Fresh arugula and rough chopped Kale. Sweetgreen is probably one of the few (healthy fast food) places that I'd pay over $9.00 for a bowl of green goodness. The staff has consistently been friendly and offers quick service. We love the seasonal, local ingredients and their sustainable sourcing for fresh veggies. Keep up the good work :)
gluten-free friendly! love the vegan sabzi!
The amount of food they give for the price is getting a little ridiculous. See the below picture. That was $7. The salad kinda shifted to one side of the bowl cause it was in my backpack, but that's seriously enough food to feed a medium sized rabbit. Not cool, Sweetgreen, not cool.
I just tried out the online ordering system and it is pretty awesome. You can customize, pay, and pick up everything without ever having to talk to someone. The app is perfect for introverts and the perfect way to avoid talking to people when you are feeling ratch.

Food is still decent, but convenience and customer service were great so I bumped up my review to account for the holistic experience and flexibility.
This place is definitely hit or miss.  I have had five star experiences here and I have had no star experiences here.

If you go at an off-time or before a rush when they've stocked up on everything it's amazing.  They have an awesome selection, fresh ingredients, and most of the staff is really friendly and helpful!

If you go during a rush (around lunch or dinner) then good freaking luck.  The line gets out of control, service slows down, quality plummets, and my biggest pet peeve: they run out of pretty much everything.  Personally, I think this is inexcusable.  I worked in the food service industry for 4 years (at In-n-Out Burger, which for those unfamiliar with the west coast is like the busiest chain you could possibly work at).  I understand that the lunch/dinner rush is hell, but I also know that it's easy to prepare for.  Sweetgreen never does.  They run out of lettuce, they run out of all kinds of other ingredients at once, and the salads themselves are made so hastily that they often skimp on the few ingredients they do have.  And asking for more gets you either a snarky response or an additional charge.

Don't get me wrong I think the salads here are delicious but they need to figure their shit out when it comes to the rush hours because it's a hot mess.  I don't mind the price when I'm getting the salad I want.  But when it involves a 40 minute wait for a salad missing half the ingredients I'd rather spend my $10 elsewhere.
Was able to find this little gem thanks to yelp (again) while I was traveling in Philly for business. First off I love this area! Its super cool with a very hip and young vibe. 

When I walked in- huge sign for the "Kendrick Lamar" salad- "Beets dont kale my vibe"- gotta give it to them.. that is creative and catchy! They also had samples of this salad special out to try. 

There were a few people in front of me but the line moved quickly! The staff is really cool- they have a laid back vibe... but they were super helpful and patient with me. They had a good selection of salads you could order, but I went with a build your own. I loaded up on all sorts of veggie goodness, and they have things like roasted spicy broccoli and grilled portabello mushrooms... WIN! All sorts of protein options too... and a great selection of salad dressings. 

I think I paid around 12 dollars for my salad, but it was big and had a good serving chicken! 

YAY for Sweetgreen! Now I just gotta figure out how to open one in Houston...
Let's play this one short, simple, satisfying, and sweet - exactly like your experience at Sweet Green.

Short: the line moves quickly. Decide which pre-made salad you want and move right along, or if you're feeling particularly wild, dare to build your own.

Simple: As you stroll the stretch of behind-the-counter salad bar, watch as ingredients are added - fresh greens, locally sourced mushrooms, sweet potato chunks. Select from a multitude of cheeses and hot proteins (falafel, juicy chicken and marinated shrimp). Add a bit of crunch, and if you don't fancy croutons, no worries: almond slices, wasabi peas and sesame sticks are there to satisfy.

Satisfying: The greens are crisp and fresh. No brown shreds or bottoms of ice berg lettuce will clutter your bowl. The texturizing products are never stale. They're appropriately crunchy, like cereal fresh from the box. The toppings are nearly limitless, and seasonally appropriate.

Sweet: The frozen yogurt at Sweet Green is surprisingly delicious, and the adornments are equally fascinating. The yogurt itself is creamy and smooth; it's a bit tangy, but not as much as the traditional "tart" found at self-serve dispensaries. If you're going for healthy, dried cranberries, granola, and honey make a wonderful summer treat. If you're going for fat, add chocolate chips, wet walnuts, and more chocolate chips.
FOOD: sweetgreen salads are the only kind that actually make me full! You can ask for two pieces of their buckwheat bread for free, which I now do on principle because they're so dang good and pair so well. 

PRICE: Discouraging. I always get a custom bowl because their signature ones are $10+, but as soon as you add any kind of protein it's $2 - $4 extra and the price difference is negligible. That being said, they have a fantastic selection of filling vegetables that come with the 4 toppings included, like sweet potatoes, chickpeas, and spicy broccoli. 

CONVENIENCE: Definitely one of the first places that comes to mind when guaranteed healthiness is a factor in dinner. (I *always* ask for this place if I want to weasle out a dinner with my fittest friends and they always say yes, but a lot of my friends turn out to be surprisingly big fans of this place! So as a crowd-pleaser/"where should do you want to get dinner/I don't care how about you/I don't care either" place it's very helpful that it exists). And if you come before the rush times, you can zip in and out without a problem, and sweetgreen bowls and utensils are made from sturdy, earth-friendly materials that don't feel plastic and cheap like most takeout, and so taking out from sweetgreen still feels like a curated experience even though you're eating a salad from a to-go container at home. 

Some perennial downsides: service can be kind of blah, depending on who you get and what kind of a day they're having. The noise level is not great for a meal well shared or for conversation, and the lines that go out the door at 7pm make it unbearably crowded. You could be eating at a table while your ponytail grazes person after person as people queue up in the least space-efficient way through all the tables.
1. Local
2. Organic
3. Expensive

Consumed:
Make Your Own Salads

I do enjoy sweetgreen salads. It's fresh and healthy. The business appears to be a locally responsible citizen. However, there's nothing too unique about it. I can make any salad they can. You pay for convenience.
I think it's about time that I write a review for Sweetgreen seeing as I go there about twice a week. 

Obviously, I like Sweetgreen a lot since I go there so often. I've never had salads that are as good as Sweetgreen salads. The ingredients are just SO fresh and delicious. I also really like eating salads from Sweetgreen because I don't fall into a food coma after eating them. 

I always get the Kale Caesar (Kale, romaine, parmesan, tomatoes, chicken, parmesan crisps, lime squeeze...SO YUMMY), which is $9.45 with tax. So, you can see that Sweetgreen is a bit expensive, especially considering that the Kale Caesar is one of the cheapest salads on the menu. 

The main problem I have with Sweetgreen is the lack of consistency. Depending on who makes your salad, it can come out really differently. For example, they always ask you "Light, medium, or heavy?" for your dressing, but each employee defines those levels differently. 

But overall, I love Sweetgreen. Even if you think you don't like salad, Sweetgreen can probably make you a convert.
The customer service is great, the food is great and I love it. Try one of their specialty salads ( I had the spicy sabzi?) which range from vegan to meaty satisfying everyone! If you fancy a custom salad they do that too. Don't let the long line scare you away, they move incredibly quick. They also throw in free bread to boot!
Fresh ingredients, clean California/Pacific Northwest-inspired surroundings, and a smile with your salad.  Let's face it -- most of us aren't going to Sweetgreen to gorge ourselves:  we're watching our ever-tightening beltline but still want some flavor.  Sweetgreen delivers.  

There are "prebuilt" salad suggestions that you can choose, or you can "build your own."  So really, it's your own fault if if your salad isn't tasty.  Calorie counts are on the board for the prebuilt salads, which is incredibly helpful.
I'm not a salad person, but I love coming here when I feel like having a healthy lunch. The salads are not only delicious and have great ingredient combinations, but they're still low on the calories - something that is surprisingly hard to achieve I've found w/ most restaurants. The Brussels sprouts + turkey salad is my favorite, and I pretty much get this every time I visit. The chickpea lentil soup is also delicious. 

The biggest downside is that it's pricey. Otherwise I'd eat here all the time. 1 salad = $10, and that's not counting if you get soup. Since I visit here so often, I pay w/ the app, which rewards you with $9 when you spend $99.
sweetgreen is a refreshing option for a healthy lunch or dinner. The service is almost too quick, in that the staff working the food counter repeat questions. It seems like there is an online order option, where customers can pickup and go from the designated shelving for this purpose. I can definitely see myself using this option for a quick work lunch, and am happy know it exists.

The food is tasty and reasonably good for you. I tried the Harvest Bowl which offered a nice blend of flavors including apple, goat cheese, and sweet potatoes. There's also a rotating list of seasonal specialities that are appealing to me; and you can build your own salad or grain bowl if you prefer to go that route. 

Overall, it's a great choice for a healthy/quick lunch or dinner, and I'll definitely be returning to try more signature offerings!
Their new winter menu is absolutely amazing. I tried both the bento bowl and the apple butternut squash salad and they were both soooo delicious (and addictive)! Sweetgreen always does such a good job of making healthy food taste so good.
Been going here since they first opened. Sweetgreen is fun, eccentric, and very fresh. It's not your typical salad works or baha fresh. Salads are very good but a little pricey.
The salads are probably among the better salads I've ever had. But $10 for a salad - and one that they try to skimp on every ingredient they put in is just rude. Like when you add chicken for $2.35, they have a pretty small scooper to begin with, then they proceed to shake it like they're afraid they gave you too much. I wouldn't even mind the priceyness of the place, if it weren't for the fact that it feels like they're just trying to be stingy for ingredients that don't cost that much. Still, good food is good food, hence the 3 stars. I would give 4 stars if they weren't being stingy, and 5 stars if everything were just $1 less.
Review Summary: Ambience: 3/5    Food: 4/5    Service: 5/5

I love this place. Before coming to the States I hated salad-- what was the point of eating a few pieces of raw vegetable, lathered with strange gooey sauces from the supermarket? After Sweetgreen, I was completely converted. 

This is a great place to go for a light yet filling meal of greens. The staff has a good number of young twenty-somethings who are friendly and really efficient. There are a lot of great toppings to choose from-- I never get bored of eating salad here! Their frozen yogurt is also delightful and I am in love with the slices of (free, you should ask for more because they'll give it to you!) warm bread that come with the salads. I don't know what it is about them but they always hit the spot. 

However, my favourite thing about this place has to be their dressings. Care for some Pesto Vinaigrette? Lime Cilantro? Or even plain old Caeser? I don't know a place that does them better.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. I first discovered it while living in Georgetown ( the original) and there was always a ridiculously long line of Washingtonians down M street ( I was usually one of them). Fast forward a few years, I make the move to Philly and OMG freak out because I see they are opening a Sweet Green. I could not have been happier. I know this sounds ridiculous, but I seriously Crave the Kale Ceasar ( with feta added) like a fat kid craves Mcdonalds! 

I almost want to give it 1 star because last week I went ....and low and behold NO FRO YO. Not just that day-- its gone forever!!! I am so pissed they took it away.  it was honestly the best, 10x pink berry and healthier! I don't understand it, while my friends and I all love the salads, we also LOVE the fro-yo. I just don't think it will be AS worthwhile to go anymore. I would have understood changing it to FroYo summer only, but I just don't get this. Why is it so difficult to do both??
I usually create my own salad when I come to Sweetgreen. I'll caution you to be careful when doing this, because it can get to be a bit pricey, mostly because everything I want is considered a "premium" add-in. The ingredients are very fresh and their commitment to sustainability and local foods is admirable. I recently went with a mix of arugla, tofu, corn, egg and cucumbers which ran me around $9. A nice treat every once in while when you need a healthy filling lunch.
The seasonal bowls vary, so when I came in, I didn't really find a bowl that I loved. I made my own for pick up! It was finished when I walked by but when I ate it, the toppings we're just sort of clumped up and my goat cheese was just a solid lump in the middle so it wasn't really aesthetically pleasing, and mixing it myself was a little hard since they fill it up with lots of lettuce (but not many toppings). Favorite part is always the bread! It manages to taste healthy and multigrain but hearty. 
Coming to these shops for lunch is always a little bit of a hassle, so app ordering is ideal.
I went to Sweetgreen after a long day if work at Upenn hospital. The salad itself was delicious. Everything was fresh and the miso dressing was good as well. The only grip I got was the horrible service and inefficiencies in the salad line. It was not that crowded i say i had six people ahead of me but I waited 25 minutes in total. It took 13 minutes from the time I ordered my salad to pay for it. I don't understand why it took so long. The workers there seem unenthusiastic to be there. My salad sat there for minutes without moving cause one of the workers left to grab something but there was another worker standing waiting for the salad to get to her. I don't why she couldn't help her fellow worker out. So I gave it two stars for the horrible service. It was that bad. I been to chipotle next door and with line going out the door with twenty plus people ahead of me I still got my burrito faster than my salad at Sweetgreen. They need to more efficient.
Can you say yum?? I love sweetgreen, and it's a much better healthy option than Gia Pronto's in my opinion. Both use fresh ingredients, but I like that sweetgreen has more exciting combinations of flavors and ingredients available. 

Honestly, nothing I've gotten here has disappointed me thus far. My go-to is usually the Guacamole Greens because I am a sucker for avocado (and pretty much avocado is a necessity if I am going to eat a salad)! Be careful - the lines can get very long, even if you go at off hours. 

I'm sad that they got rid of their yogurt machine because I used to come get yogurt on a cone all the time when they still had it.

Delicious with great seasonal ingredients with options for quinoa and other grains that will keep you fuller longer!
You pay $10+ for bowls of fancy grass.
This restaurant will not accept cash. I have no time for this kind of elitist BS. If I need a $15.00 salad I'll get it elsewhere, thank you.
So few places in the city to get a good, huge salad. I go here at least once a week. The menu has plenty of options, with two vegan items clearly labeled. My favorite is the Chic-P, with a side of the Crispy Kale.
Love Sweetgreen for sure. This location, however, is spotty. Tried to order online today and they weren't accepting online orders. So, decided to go to the store to place my order, but when I walked in at 6:00, they said they were closed due to "facility issues." This is the second time I have arrived at this location and they have been closed during regular business hours.
So healthy. So good. So diverse. However, just like any other customizable meal, it is up to you on how it tastes. I'm always a fan of making my own salad, but sometimes I have to restrain my creativity (and fail to do so). It's a great healthy option, but create at your own risk.
The food at this place is great but the service pretty much stinks.  One of the employees basically blamed me for not asking him to put the dressing on the side but I said it twice during my order to make sure he heard it.  Another time they forgot to include the only protein that was supposed to be in my salad.  Too bad I didn't realize it until it was too late.  I'd recommend going when it's not insanely busy, like it is around 12:30 on weekdays.  Once again, though, their ingredients are diverse, fresh and very tasty.
Salad wise I'm going to have to go with Sweetgreen over Honey grow.

With prices being pretty similar the quality of the salads at Sweetgreen are just so much better also they have 4x the amount of extra toppings/choices.

This location is small not much seating but it's not as chaotic as some of the other places around this street with the students.

I opted for the Brussels & Chicken salad and added on feta cheese (which they forgot to put in) they give you a piece of bread as well. I tried the iced Jasmine Green tea it was nothing special and really lacked flavor but apparently that's how the iced teas are there.

Overall it ended up being $13-$14 dollars but the salad was worth every penny. Larger portions and much fresher then Honeygrow. They give you so much it's hard to even finish in one portion for just a lunch. Make sure to stop by for the special fall menu options!
Sweetgreen is my go to spot to grab a meal when I'm on the go. The quality of their ingredients never disappoints -- I love their seasonal menus. Although the price point is a little higher than I would like to spend for a salad, I never regret it and am always happy with my meal. The service is also usually very quick and friendly, despite the long lines that can form during peak hours for lunch and dinner. 

Personally, I love the chicken and brussels and the curry cauliflower currently on their fall menu. I'd also suggest swapping a couple of items from their signature salads -- I frequently swap out cheese for avocado or hummus (they're the same price!)

If you order online, they don't mix the salad for you, which I personally don't like.
One of my favorite recent discoveries! Despite walking by it countless times while living in University City over the last number of years, I hadn't checked out Sweetgreen until this past winter.

Now, it's in my rotation of quick & easy (and healthy) meals. I stop here two or three times a month and have had most of the suggested/preset options. The ingredients are always fresh, bright and flavorful, and absolutely delicious. 

Some of my favorites include: Guacamole Greens, Avocobbo (swapping goat cheese for blue cheese), Hummus Tahina, and the Spicy Sabzi. The grain bowls are delicious too. I love the addition of wild rice, farro or quinoa.

The service at Sweetgreen is always extra friendly, casual, and approachable. The employees behind the counter (and in the prep area) are always laughing, cheerful, and seem genuinely happy - which can be a rare sight at some other fast-casual eateries.
Sweetgreen is one of those places that you love to hate because you hate to love. I know in my right mind that $12 for a salad is insane, but all reason goes out the window once the fall seasonal menu is up, and my pricey salad budget is suddenly sky high. 

My all time favorite is the Chicken and Brussels salad; it has the perfect blend of crunchy and sweet and savory that I can't bring myself to even attempt on my own at home. 

Plus, this location gets 5 stars for service; the staff are incredibly friendly and warm, and I always leave with a smile.
Wait a minute, now some of these reviews can not be serious.  Look, we all know that SweetGreen has some amazing salads, no question, but lets not kid ourself about the service at this establishment during the dinner - closing shift. The lines are unbearably long sometimes, with only one person knowing how to make the salads and the rest of the people chatting in the back.  On more than one occasion I have had to leave the restaurant while being the next person in line because no one knew how to make the salad I wanted (Earth Bowl) or because they were short staffed.  I have also called on two occasions because they left out a key ingredient in my Guacamole Green (usually corn or onions) or my earth bowl (nearly always the cheese).  It's my own fault for continuing to frequent a place whose employees have no idea what they are doing nearly every time I go there, but I love the salads when they are done correctly.
