I just moved out here from out West, where you'll find lots of divey little taco shops - $1 tacos are a thing!  I haven't found anything close to the what I used to have in my neck of the woods, and certainly not at the prices I used to pay.

I finally took a wander over here for lunch as a Friday treat and was so happy I did. Got the staple of 3 carnitos tacos for under $9.  Well worth it, I say.  Eat slowly and taste todos los sabors!

They'll make the tacos to order, and you can choose different toppings based on whatever you like.  More onions, less onions. More guac, less guac.
Why 5 Stars you ask?? Lemme get right to it.

I honestly at first site assumed Illegal tacos was another one of those trendy spots catered to the average city eater palette, but this is far from it. Illegal tacos is the closest thing you'll get to homegrown burritos and tacos. Everything is fresh, made to order, and very simple.
I even love the design and layout because they aren't trying to mix any modern-meets-vintage concepts or anything. It's just a simple Mexican cafe / restaurant layout with random yard sale wall art. Gotta love it.

I've only tried the burrito so far and its huge! Especially for the price point (around 7-8 bucks) which is right on par compared to similar burrito / taco establishments.
There's nothing bad to say about the burrito. The meat and rice / veggies portions were good. The Burrito was wrapped very well which is a big deal for me because we all have experienced a poor wrap job at some places before which makes eating a chore. 
All of the food comes with a small side of in-house nachos which I find smart because you can scoop up any of the ingredients that fall out. Well played. 

There was a bit of a long line but the wait time at most was 5 min and this was at the peak of lunchtime so for a quick eat if you are a burrito / taco fanatic, this place is for you.
It is not the delivery time I am so upset with as it is how the problem was resolved. I ordered through grub hub and due to an error on grub hub's end, it had to be delivered two times. The second time it was clear they had just sent out the same order again. Now this was 6 tacos, nachos and a soda. Hardly an expensive item to make fresh again. Rather than make a fresh order, when I had them redeliver after waiting 90 minutes, they sent out the same order. The food showed up luke warm, the soda was hot and our meals were a mess. 2 of the Tacos were not even in the wrap and the only way to eat it was to scoop it out with a spoon and put it back in to the wrap. Having worked in the food industry for several years, I have never seen a place send out a 2 hour old order. 37 dollars for 2 meals a soda and chips, just make a fresh meal. OK, maybe they are too cheap to do what every other establishment who prides their food would do. At least you can swap out the soda for a cold one. Terrible experience and I am shocked they sent out the meals looking like slop with a hot soda. Feel free to check out the pictures I attached.

Update, response to the accusatory owner: I read the follow up by the owner and he is correct, I did miss a few calls, I do accept this as my mistake and I blamed the miscommunication on the floor location on grub hub. The primary reason I was so upset is because of the condition of the food. I made the soda hot? Swapping that out with a cold one would have been free. Is it that hard to heat the food up? I could have just as easily asked for my money back through the app, but trusted in the location to send a quality meal, not perfect, but better than what I received. The owner is also claiming someone, which was either me or the deliver guy (who was a super nice guy by the way) tampered with the food? Now, I was really hungry and just happy to have the food show up. At this time I was ready to dig in to some delicious tacos. But before that, the owner is suggesting I stopped, took a taco out of each one and dumped it out in to the carrier for this review? Come on, I was hungry and this was the straw that broke the camel's back. A simple apology or something polite would have probably swayed me to raise the rating or remove the review, but your accusatory response and your inability to take any accountability in any of this is troubling. For that I will leave the one star rating as it is. Your response is reflective of the meal in which I received, a mess. While I did not blame you for the timeline of the delivery, you were entirely defensive of that only and blamed me. So far as the condition of the food goes, you blame it on someone else, me or some magical creature that tampers with food in tied up bags? You have no accountability for the misses that took place, while placing blame all of it entirely on the customer. I applaud your level of quality that is normally provided and I see you generally have great reviews. Despite your belief, this does not make your location infallible and only displays your level of hubris.
Burritos are terrible. Literally some of the worst I've ever had in my life. I also had the worst upset stomach after eating these. Could have been something else but hadn't eaten anything else that day so who knows. 

Finally the delivery guy has 0 compassion. I have broken my foot and so tipped extra with the expectation that he would bring the food to my apt. Nope. I had to hobble down with crutches barely carry it in my hands back up. Learn how to show some sympathy for others buddy. When you break something I hope you don't run into assholes like yourself.

All in all if you value your money, health and tastebuds, please avoid.
I wrote a review about getting food poisoning and the owner, Florian, is basically calling me a liar because mine was the only complaint that day. Why would I lie about the food poisoning? I actually really liked you guys, but I'm seeing a pattern with the negative reviews I've read on here. Any time there is a negative comment Florian calls the review fake. Maybe they are maybe they aren't, but this unfortunately is not a fake review. I had food poisoning from Illegal Tacos last Friday and it lasted for 3 days. I know Florian said they are careful with food handling, but something obviously went wrong and my critique was meant to be helpful and to inform you not to attack. Learn to take criticism and make your business better.
Best tacos in Center City, hands down. 

$9 for 3 tacos and a handful of tortilla chips may seem pricey, but the amount of protein that they put there, as well as whatever toppings you want, kinda evens things out. Their short rib is an absolute must-try. It's so tender and juicy, and just drips yumminess. All add-ons tasted fresh. 

The layout is very clean. There are several picnic tables to sit, and the decor is colorful.
I could sit here and list all the reasons why. But the place is wonderful. Loved tacos and the burrito bowl. The service was AMAZINGLY friendly. First stop in Philly and one of our favorites so far. If you like Mexican, just freaking try it.
This is literally the worst taco place in Philly. Avoid at all costs. Tortillas are dry, meat is unseasoned, food is sloppily prepared, and service is insufferable. Go to Taco Riendo for a real meal and skip this place.

Edit: the manager sent me a personal message on Yelp scolding me for this review. Classy!
I ate here twice.  The first time I ate in the restaurant and got tacos al pastor. The flavor was good, but there were often chunks of chewy fat that I just had to pull out of my mouth because I literally couldn't break it down.  I figured I just had bad luck and got bad chunks of meat and didn't think much of it.  Yesterday, I ordered from them and got carnitas tacos, carnitas burrito and a short rib burrito.  2 of the 3 carnitas tacos only had chunks of fat and no actual meat.  I called the restaurant to complain and they very nicely refunded me for the two tacos and then sent free tacos.  I figured, ok, it was an honest mistake that they gave me bad cuts of meat.  Later, my husband came home to eat his carnitas burrito and it was the same thing.  2/3 of the meat in his burrito was just chunks of fat. I'm attaching the picture.  Enough is enough.  We won't be getting food from here again.
A decent spot for tacos, burritos, and bowls just steps away from all the theatres on Broad Street / Avenue of the Arts.

If you choose a taco plate, you can mix and match certain meats, so I chose the carnitas, pastor, and barbacoa. All these meats had a good amount of flavor to them and came reasonably portioned. You can also choose from a variety of add-ons like lettuce, cheese, and sauces. 

It's sort of like Chipotle, but locally run and reasonably fresh. Seating is communal, and even though the staffers appeared to be dissing patrons right in front of them, I didn't have the energy to summon my college-era Spanish-language skills and listen closely to what they were really saying.
Stopped by Tacodelphia (illegaltacos) last night while in the area. Me personally, I prefer the old name. The owner was bullied into changing it but hey, it's just the times we live in.

Upon arrival the restaurant is immaculate! Very clean and welcoming. The staff couldn't have been friendlier. It has a very similar feel to a chipotle and qdoba, just not mass produced.

I went with the chicken tacos on corn tortilla, that's the only way to go lol. The chicken was exceptional! It was packed with flavor, moist and delicious. The additions were your typical but I opted for mild salsa, cheese, jalapeños, sour cream and habanero sauce. Wow! Everything was balanced and worked well together. All of the ingredients were fresh and I really don't have a single complaint. I love the to go container as well. I know it's weird but the individual slots kept everything nice and neat. I love this joint! Solid tacos! 3 tacos and a Mexican coke for $12.00

I'll be back!
Ordered the shrimp burrito bowl.... GROSS! The shrimp was still gray. Straight up raw dog! Bubba would turn over in his grave if he saw this served. Everything else was ok but I will not be ordering from this place again.
We arrived on a Sunday at a brunch-ish time frame. They had just opened, the place was empty, and we were hungry! 
Got 3 tacos Al Pastor and a side of beans. What appeared to be a never ending quest, has been ended. I finally found delicious authentic tacos Al Pastor just like I used to eat regularly in Mexico City. Done! They come three to an order and I ate all three! They served them in a double flour tortilla. The shaved the meat off the spit and cooked it a little longer with pineapple (extra pineapple on my case). Then I got the raw onion and cilantro on top. A squeeze of lime and I was transported to Mexico without a passport. Maybe that's why they are illegal?!!!
Please top them how you would like to eat them, I said. 

The best way to eat the Al Pastor tacos are topped with the diced onion, cilantro and the red salsa, he said. 

Well alrighty then, let's do that! So, he sliced my serving of porky deliciousness off of the rotating stacked gyro looking spit and made to order 3 of the best al Pastor tacos I have ever had. The meat was seared on the flat top with perfectly diced pineapple and come 3 to an order and loaded onto warmed double tortilla. 

Everything about this place screams bright, colorful, inviting, clean, vibrant, happy, and the food is uncomplicated, delicious in its transparency of allowing natural flavors, paired well, to SING! 

An excellent addition to South Broad st!
My buddy who eats meat got a burrito which was large, fine-- but as he commented, largely flavorless.
And don't go here if you want something non-meat. They throw on some barely cooked random veggies that tastes like they're microwaved and put it on some rice with no flavor.
The music was quite loud, even when there were so few people in there. IMO there are far better taqueria style spots in Philly, whether in S Philly, Italian Market or by Bella Vista.
Fast delivery! Ordered the pork bowl with rice, beans, pickled onions,  and guac which all came in a fried flour tortilla. It was super delicious! The fried bowl was a bit oily, but other than that, nothing else about this place is "illegal." Husband had an Al pastor burrito, which he inhaled in seconds. I'd definitely order from here again.
As a vegetarian I felt the food was ok, a little bland for my liking. I got the tacos, but I don't like corn tortilla to begin with. Also, for veggie tacos the filling is veggie fajitas but I would recommend asking for the black beans instead- there is no pork or meat additives in the beans. 

Enough space to sit down for a meal. Staff was friendly!
Rude cashier and terrible food. The cashier took the cash from my hand like it was dirty, pinching it with two fingers takin the bills one by one. She rolled her eyes several times and was so slow to ring me up. The food is like eating at a pit stop on a highway. There are very limited vegetarian options. They just heat up some vegetables on and throw it over some unseasoned, flavorless parboiled rice.
Watch your credit card statements. These people deducted the money for one meal twice from my account.
This food wasn't authentic at all! I also didn't like the variety and how fast-foody it was....Might as well go to chipotle. The guy up front was also really un helpful I stood there for a couple minutes before he asked me if he could help me. Probably won't go back again.
I'll say it, I know my tacos. 

I drive by this place often and was really skeptical that a place "north of washington" can sell authentic tacos. I thought it was a yuppie place doing some fusion stuff. To my surprise, this place is a "corporate" looking authentic mexican spot! It's setup as a fast casual model. I dig it. 

All the usual suspects on the menu, but my order is always al pastor. This place is nice because they use a spit. Ordered up, and found a seat. After work hours, it wasn't that busy.. it's in a weird location on Broad street-i think they might have a stronger lunch crowd and less of a dinner crowd? The place is spacious, airy, and clean. 

The al pastor was good. This place is great because you can add additional toppings. I didn't stray too far away from typical tacos. For $9, you get 3 tacos with a good amount of meat, toppings, and a handful of chips. Don't get it twisted, this isn't your down and dirty places in South Philly...(i love them too) but it's a really good taco place.
Really solid tacos! I tried the chicken and Al Pastor tacos tonight. The Al Pastor comes fresh off a spit, and you customize with toppings as it moves down the efficient assembly line. The small handful of chips and salsas provided with your meal are worth remarking on as well - exceptional crunch and flavor on the chip, and nuanced spice in the salsa. I am not usually influenced by ambience, but here, the warm-colored walls, bright decorations, and Mexican music transported me right back to Tulum. 

I love the good stuff down in South Philly, but this is easily the best Center City option when I don't have the time to commute. Will definitely be back soon to try all the other tacos!!
Some of the worst, inauthentic American tacos I've ever had, and a name that is disrespectful for non latin people to use
I love tacos of course. But there are countless taco restaurants/shops/trucks where I live (South Philly); many are great but surprisingly a good number of inauthentic, sloppy places. This is not one of the latter. The al pastor and barbacoa tacos were very delicious. You can clearly see and taste the care and quality in the preparation. 
I moved my eat24 app towards the top in my 'Food' folder on my phone partly for this restaurant.
Solid tacos near Center City. They're not "so good I'd make an effort to go out of my way to go there" kind of tacos but you can go here and come away happy. I'll definitely stop by again if I happen to be in the area.

The Al Pastor meat is on a spit which means THIS is what you should be ordering. It's juicy and succulent though it could have a bit more flavor than it has. The tacos come on tortillas out of a plastic package, so I assume aren't made in house, but have a good flavor and aren't at all dry.

$9 for three tacos is a bit pricey, but hey tacos in Philly ain't cheap, and they force you to choose only one protein for all three tacos which is kind of annoying.

The green and red salsas are both great, each provide a different flavor and a small bit of spice.
On my quest to find the best authentic Mexican restaurants in Philly, I stumbled upon this one. I tried the Chicken Tinga burrito because I was pretty hungry at the time. The food was fresh and very filling. The establishment is in dope location and has good music and vibes. Staff is friendly and the guac salsa is bomb !! I'll definitely be back.

Highly recommend.
This place needs work. My boyfriend and I always want Mexican, so we decided to try this place.

The inside is small but nicely decorated, and honestly, the prices aren't that bad.

What I really didn't like was the vibe. We'd never been there before, and when we walked in, it was silence. We were looking at the menu, and I could feel eyes of the two people our age at the counter staring at us waiting for us to place our order. The guy who actually took our order was very sweet and quick.

We got the nachos al pastor to share, and it was eh. The pork needs more flavor. With this place, you need to go down the line and choose your toppings as you go. It's pretty cool, but we weren't really sure what was going on, and no one was explaining anything to us, so I kind of felt rushed to just point at things to put on top.

Overall, we were still hungry when we left. I would've given 4 stars because the food honestly wasn't that bad, but the service needs help.
The reason I decided to visit this place is that they actually have an "al pastor" roast spit, and that's always a good sign. Unfortunately, I got there too early, so they had to cook the meat on the grill, but it was still delicious. I liked that the place is flexible enough to make traditional Mexican street food, or more Americanized versions, if that's what the customer wants. You can get a taco salad with shell and all, or Mexican street tacos. Up to you. I'll definitely stop by here the next time I go to Philly.
I've been passing by Illegal Tacos since it opened and finally decided to give it a try. I went with the seemingly healthier option, a burrito bowl. I was quite surprised when they pulled out a golden, crispy tortilla but gladly accepted it. 

After reading other reviews, I decided to go eh the El Pastor. Excellent choice. The spices were so on point. I decided to go with some tradition toppings, onion, pico de galo, queso fresco, and some hot sauce. Be warned, their hot sauce is HOT. If you're not a huge fan of spice, I'd say go with the mild or maybe medium if you're daring.
 
The portion was huge, all for $9. I'd consider this a steal. I definitely understand why this place has received such good reviews, and i can't wait to go back!
Was there yesterday while in town visiting a friend. The tacos were really unimpressive and staff very indifferent in their service.
So, Illegal... I have to say, this taco joint was probably the most pleasantly surprised find of the year for me. The prices are reasonable and the food quality and preparation is top notch. The Al Pastor Tacos put them on the map in my opinion and the  staff is also very nice. 

I have traveled the country, notably some of the best spots in the Southwest for Tacos. I can honestly say with confidence that this spot is up there with the best I have had.
Dios ayuda me! 

This. Food. Is. So. Good. 

Tacos al pastor is one of my favorite dishes and I'm
Pretty darn picky about it. Well I'm here to say MUY DELICIOSO! 

Ok I know my espanol stinks. But you get the idea. Burrito bowl, chips and salsa was great too. Salsa is nice and Smokey with a hint of heat. Really nice. 

Did I mention the tacos al pastor?! Seriously so good. Grilled pineapple, fresh tortillas, I added white onion and fresh cilantro with a hint of queso fresco. A squeeze of fresh lime. Totally perfect. 

Friendly staff and really fresh ingredients. Check this place out!!!

We will definitely be back soon.
Still regretting my recent visit here so much, I have to write this review.

I was feeling positive about trying it - normally I go for the tiny authentic places like Blue Corn, but I was in a huge rush heading north on Broad Street right past it and starving. I'm glad they changed their name, and I heard they had decent food, and plus when I googled it, the positive reviews outweighed the bad ones, so figured I would try supporting this place.

Bad move. The tacos ($9 for three) were sloppy pieces of crap. They were dripping oil like they had been sprayed with a super soaker. The tortillas were flavorless and rubbery. The meat was so-so, mostly bland, with random squirt of pineapple juice on the al pastor. Honestly watching the staff make it, I had no idea it would be so bad - I'd say the ingredients and meats only performs one function, visibly, it looks edible enough to trick hungry customers into ordering.

The chips and salsa were decent, so I'd add a half star if that was an option, but when the main course is outright disgusting, one star.  

My friend and I were starving so we ate it all. We both regretted it almost immediately. 12 hours later, we regretted it even more. And 18 hours later, our whole day after was somewhat ruined by this disgrace of a meal and we had to have very, very very bland food. No further details required. 

The service was so-so, but the staff looked pretty unhappy - which is management's fault. Pay your people decently and treat them better. 

Avoid at all costs until they change their tune. There's a Wawa up the block.
Good, authentic tacos. $8 and some change for 3 tacos - we got carnitas. Chips are authentic fried and all the toppings were very fresh.

I was bummed to see they didn't have cups for water so we ended up paying $4 more for two water bottles.

Pretty simple place with decent pricing and yummy authentic tacos. Great location at Broad and Lombard. Would go back and would maybe try a burrito next time. Would also recommend for a quick, but filling, meal !
I order tacos from here at least once a week. They are greasy, but very very tasty. I always get the beef picadillo tacos.

I order from grubhub and the delivery fee used to be $1 and now it's gone up to $2.50 plus a service fee. The delivery can be super quick in less than 30 minutes, but I have also waited up to 2 hours. 

Sometimes my tacos arrive flipped over and disoriented, but they are always still good. 

I will probably continue to order from here when my boyfriend is over, but it is kind of pricey to just get just one order of tacos.

Tacos (3) =$10.50
I got food poisoning here. Don't go here! My husband and I both ordered burritos Friday, June 22. The only difference was my husband got chicken and I got the carnitas. Thankfully, I couldn't eat much of my burrito because it was so big but within an hour I started having severe stomach pains and got very sick. My husband was completely fine since he didn't have the carnitas but this is the third day and I'm still sick! I've tried calling the restaurant for 3 days now to talk to a manager and they're never there. So the issue is still unresolved. It's so disappointing because I actually liked this place before but I'll NEVER go back now.
Ended up here unexpectedly. The original place we wanted to go to was surrounded by crazy construction and abundant traffic. Sweet little find actually. Cute decor. My man got the shrimp tacos. I got the taco bowl with shrimp. Both were really good. We also got chips and salsa. The tacos seemed to be home made taco shells which were super tasty. My taco bowl was yummy too. Glad we ended up there.
I heard festive Latin music as I stood at the corner of Broad and Lombard and couldn't figure out where it was coming from. Then I saw Illegal Tacos lit up and open! I'd been waiting for this place to open, so I followed the music and crossed the street to check out their menu, even though I had no intentions of trying anything at that moment  - I had just finished a 14-hour work day and wanted to get home ASAP.  While reviewing the menu, a man approached me and invited me in to try anything I liked for free. It turned out it was their first day and they were having a family and friends event.

It was late, so nearly everything was picked over, but I selected the shrimp taco bowl and took it home to enjoy. Despite the meager options available (like I said, it was the end of the night and they'd run out of most of the usual taco toppings), it was still delicious! Everything was so fresh and full of flavor! Another thing, and this is a big deal to me, their salsa verde had a really good bite. Most places skimp on the heat, thinking it'll scare people away I suppose, but this place knocked it out the park with just the right level of heat. Not too hot, and certainly not a wimpy pepper in that sauce! 

The staff was friendly. The decor was good. And the menu looked great. I can't wait to try the soup!

Oh, and for the PC police: Get over it. Seriously. No need to cry wolf. Considering an Albanian likes Mexican food and respects Mexicans enough to not only honor their cuisine, but to employ at least one Mexican, I'm pretty sure he's not racist. So stop accusing people of racism just because you're so brainwashed that you find offense in a restaurant name! My interpretation of the name was that their tacos are so good they should be illegal - and, hey, with the minimal amount they had leftover to give me, the taco was still damn good! Maybe it should've been illegal that it was that good with so little. 

Welcome to the neighborhood, Illegal Tacos! I now have a perfect option on my way home from work after another 14-hour day. Thank you!
Love this place! Shared the carnitas tacos and the short rib barbacoa burrito. I don't even really like barbacoa but this was delicious! Sometimes burritos are mostly rice but they filled the burrito with a nice amount of meat along with beans. Get all the toppings. The carnitas were so good. Not too fatty, nicely crisped without being dry and well seasoned. Loved the pickled onions and cilantro. 
Staff was very friendly and efficient. The decor is fun and the music is even more fun. I look forward to coming back here and trying the rest of the menu.
Pro:  There are certain simple pleasures that can make a person's soul content. A well-executed taco is definitely one of them for me! And I'm not talking about a drive-thru window, cheese & lettuce train wreck. I mean a well-seasoned, onion & cilantro topped, perfectly sauced taco! Illegal Tacos did a good job in proceeding toward that hallowed mark. The al pastor option was great in its crispy form. Pairing the protein with habañero sauce was simply a great idea!  On a nice day, sit near the open end of the bay (while the garage-style door is open) and people-watch as you chow down!

Con:  This is where the 5th star is missed for me, but the meat was just a tad undersalted for my tastes.

Bottom Line:  Grab a taco or three and enjoy!
WOW. I was smelling my fingers 2hrs after eating the tacos. That's how delicious and fragrant they were. I ordered takeout - got the barbacoa tacos with guac and habanero sauce. I was craving barbacoa and South Philly Barbacoa wasn't open. I heard about this place from friends and decided to check them out. 

The barbacoa was very rich and tender. The habanero sauce gave it the kick that keeps you wanting to eat more and more. And the guac was a nice sweet/sour flavor to keep your taste buds from burning. I finished all 3 tacos and wanted more. I definitely felt full but the flavors were so good I wanted more. I appreciate that they pack on the meat and toppings on these babies as well. 100% would visit the restaurant or order from them again!
I will say these are the most authentic tacos I have had since moving from California last summer. I had the al pastor my husband had the carnitas. 3 tacos for $9 a little pricey but these are very fresh and authentic. When you choose your meat they then put it on the grill, takes a little bit of time to get your tacos but worth the wait. Only thing I was disappointed in was the rice and beans comes with black beans and white rice. They should really think about serving Mexican rice with refried beans. We will definitely be back for more tacos!
The food was bland and terrible, it is over priced and the customer service is lacking.
What a great find in Philly! Tacos and taco bowls are so delicious. My friends and I stopped by here for lunch. Great hangout place for young folks, with a friendly and colorful atmosphere. The food is great, and well worth the single-digit prices! Highly recommend for those looking for a quick and casual bite.
My new fav place for tacos, my only gripe is they forgot to give me extra sauce for my nachos but food is fresh and delicious.
The food here is really awful (lacking in seasoning), as is the vibe of the establishment overall.
Delicious food! The staff is inviting and friendly! Definitely a welcomed addition to Broad Street.
I walked by one day and illegal tacos was really appealing to me. Their menu was very easy to navigate and it was quite on my budget. I ordered the three tacos w/ your choice of protein- shrimp. Okay so - it was very flavorful and delicious. I have to say that all the ingredients tasted very very fresh and not frozen (even the tortilla shell). 


One thing I noticed was that after I ordered and paid I was confused about what was happening. They then made me walk back to tell them what condiments I wanted on my tacos. I think they still have some room for growth in terms of the flow of ordering but I have hope that they will figure it out as they gain more experience
The name was a little cheesy but the food is no joke! Portions are more than reflective of the cost and the flavor bits the spot. Would definitely order takeout whenever I'm craving some tacos or a burrito bowl
The el pastor burrito bowl here is great. The size and flavor are both there, and theres ample ingredients to top it all off. The only complaint is that the el pastor that's shaved and heated was not sufficiently heated on mine, but it was delicious nonetheless.
VISIT HISTORY: 
- last visit: last Friday for a catch up dinner date with a former housemate
- frequency: first time 
- next visit? may or may not visit again depending on the location but would not go out of my way for the food 


FOOD:
- pork tacos: I originally ordered chicken tacos but having the the roasting + rotating pork in sight made me change to the pork. Certain taco places are stingy with their meat portion but this place was generous. The toppings were also generous. Sauce was good for my palate at the time but it's not so memorable.
- there are better taco places in Philadelphia but I would potentially put this in top 20. 

VIBE: 
- a very vibrant and colorful place
- lots of orange and red colors. 
- very casual and open 
- wait time: hardly any
As Good as Always

It's safe to say we're regulars at Tacodelphia living just a few blocks away. It's definitely the BEST tacos in the area and one of my favorite places in the city. Everything is reasonably priced and service is great. We've tried pretty much everything on the menu except the vegetarian stuff and it's all good.

The shrimp bowl is my favorite because it's served in a taco bowl. The rice, beans, ingredients w/ shrimp, plus the bowl is one of my favorite things. The food is authentic, made fresh, and made quickly. You can't really ask for much more than that. 

The best part? It's a neighborhood spot privately owned by a Philadelphian and he's extremely personable and kind every time we come in, and a reason we keep going back. Definitely give it a try if you're nearby!
My favorite place for quick Mexican food in Philadelphia! The food is always fresh and the portion size/price is great! I always get a burrito bowl and it comes in a fried tortilla shaped like a bowl. Excited to try the elote, which they just rolled out as a side.
I tried the place out for the sake of giving it a chance despite the tasteless name. 

I ordered the chicken tacos and spent my entire time eating talking about writing this Yelp review. Here it goes: 

The tacos were bland. 
To pay $9 for 3 tacos and not have the option of mixing your protein options on any tacos was disheartening. Restaurant was bright and lively, customer service was alright, they handled the busy lunch rush well. Won't recommend because of the price and tortillas.
This is literally the worst taco place in Philly. Avoid at all costs. Tortillas are dry, meat is unseasoned, food is sloppily prepared, and service is insufferable. Go to Taco Riendo for a real meal and skip this place.
Well, the place is clean, lots of tables and the menu is straight forward. Pick ur protein, pork, chicken, beef, then pick your mode of food, bowl, burrito etc.. 

My husband got the beef taco, total of 3. I got the chicken bowl, because I love eating the bowl. The chicken was not flavorful but my daughter ate it so that was fine.
The bowl was yum. I can eat the taco bowl by itself. 
Prices are good, there's many beverages to choose from and NO dessert. 

Shame, as I love tres leches
Food is great but don't place a delivery order if you want queso added to any item that is not Nachos. Even if you place it in the comments to add queso for instance a burrito or burrito bowl, it is not done. This was confirmed with restaurant employee when I called to ask why I didn't have queso on my items as requested.
I've been here quite a few times. The food is good, fairly consistent. The prices are reasonable. However, I am giving only 3 stars for the following reasons. 

1. Limited menu. No fish or tofu tacos for vegetarians; they have veggies though. 
2. Inconsistencies among employees. The menu says you can mix and match the taco meat, not all 3 tacos have to be the same. However, it's difficult communicating with some of the employees. They just say, no, one meat. Yesterday, I got a salad bowl and I wanted to add beans like I normally do and the employee just said no. 

For these reasons I may be coming less frequently.
Stopped by for a quick bite. This place might have to be one of the best taco spots I've been to! Fast casual and very convenient. I had one al pastor, one carnita and one chicken. I thought the carnita was the best. If you order a side of chips and guacamole, be prepared for the largest side of chips ever. I would give this place five stars but the guacamole was very watery and below par.

The tacos were amazing though!
Excelente!
My friend and I have been looking for a cheap quality restaurant for the longest time. And finally we found one.
The prices are great. 
The serving sizes are more than generous. 
The atmosphere was fun and festive with bright orange walls and mariachi music playing in the background. I had the taco bowl with carnitas and I will be back for it again. The shell of the taco bowl was so light but crunchy and the black beans and meat were fantastic.
I could be saying this because I was starving but I highly doubt that. 
I recommend it!!!
I really love this place.  The owner is a very nice guy and constantly finding ways to improve this place.  My favorite is the burrito bowl with carnitas.  The ingredients are fresh and plentiful.  I really like the sauces they offer and the creamy hot sauce is my new favorite.
Just opened a couple blocks from my house so I had to try. Service was quick as the place was not to busy when I went just before noon. Ordered the chicken tacos and chips and salsa to go. Everything was fresh and flavorful. The salsa roja had a great smokey flavor but. I will definitely be back to try more of their offerings! Happy they are there as it is a much more authentic and flavorful option to Chipotle in Center City.
These tacos were excellent. I got the Al Pastor, which is my benchmark for any place that sells al pastor. They were amazing. My only complaint would be that they sell the tacos in threes, but you only get to choose one protein. I understand because they are individually portioned for orders of three, but i feel like they're going to have to respond to that every day. I wanted to try three different tacos because they all sounded amazing. I'm not in that area of the city very often, but the next time i am, i'm definitely going in.
Awesome food and customer service! Not a very big place compared to the more reviewed places here, but the food is hella better than some place like el vez. They don't have a bar or any alcohol, which may be why it's not as popular as the spots with happy hour. But if you want quality and great tasting authentic Mexican food, this spot is well recommended.
Edit: me and the wife just had a burrito and burrito bowl. Shopping now. Going back to Illegal Tacos for some tacos right after shopping. Life's good.
My friend and I went for a light dinner, each ordering three tacos. I got the Al Pastor tacos. When the server asked me which toppings I'd like, I simply said, "I trust you." He loaded them up with fresh ingredients - really fresh - and I enjoyed every bite, making noises like "mmmm" and "wow" and "oooh." The place is bright, clean, filled with upbeat music, staffed by friendly, helpful guys who know how to make a great taco. They don't have a large menu, but what they offer they do right. Give it a try. I'll be back for sure.
All in all, a solid taco. 
I ordered three taco meal. Unfortunately, you can only get the same protein for on three tacos. If you want different proteins, you need to order a separate 3 taco meal. That aside, the gentleman at the counter convinced me to get the tacos Al Pastor, when I normally go for the Carnitas at any taco joint I visit. Solid F'ing taco.

The habañero sauce was tasty. The meat was a little under salted for my taste, but I tend to like thing a bit saltier than most. 

Pair the solid F'ing tacos with al fresco dining and this was a pleasant experience. Check this place out. 

I guess I should also add that I had these tacos as dessert. I enjoyed these tacos after already being full. Food for thought. Pun intended.
Very yummy tacos! My boyfriend and I were walking in the city, saw the catchy sign then decided to stop by. We got one carnitas taco order and a chicken order. Both were dressed really well with cilantro and yummy salsa, very good! Definitely would recommend this spot and definitely coming back!
Vibes: casual taco joint with papel picado hanging over benches and mariachi music playing overhead

Tasting notes:
-Carnitas: very tender and juicy, enough to stand out in flavor and texture to all the toppings offered
-Al pastor: smoky and flavorful, a little smoky
-Tacos in general: generous toppings but not too much so as to make eating them a challenge

Other thoughts:
-Love that you can choose your own toppings
-Really enjoyed the smoky, deeply chili-peppery red salsa that came with the chips
-No guacamole here, but the guacamole salsa is a solid alternative
-Interested in the jamaica and horchata to have with tacos next time!
Omg. One of the best authentic tacos I've had in a long time. The chicken Tinga is outstanding. And the pork Carnitas was awesome!!!!
I Highly recommend trying them
Out!!!
Visiting Philly decided to stop into this spot. Hispanic music puming loudly, brightly colored walls and pretty good food. I opted for the taco bowl with Chicken Tinga as my protein which was great when mixed in with all the accoutrement. Slightly disappointed they didn't have any queso fresca. Portion sizing is perfect if you plan to imbibe afterwards, but pricing is a little elevated. Granted I'm use to Mexican food prices in San Antonio, but $9 for a taco bowl that is about 3" high seems a bit inflated. Drink selection is limited, but they do have Mexican Coke. And other sodas imported from Mexico, which are way better than the American versions. Real sugar vs. high fructose corn syrup there is no comparison.
Great authentic Mexican food and the people were really nice as well! I love how warm and inviting the place is and the Spanish music gets you doing a happy dance as you eat. I got the carnitas rice bowl but in a taco bowl because the owner said the taco bowls were made fresh every day. I believe him because it was nice and crunchy even though I came in close to closing time. The portion is huge and fills you up really fast. I only finished half of it and got the rest to go. Would totally recommend because you're getting great food at a cheap price. The toppings were free and fresh as well!
So I have been meaning to try this place since it opened, but I finally got there yesterday. Something that surprised me was the amount of workers they had behind the counter. They had four guys! They were squished in the back, but they made the line go very quickly, and once you were in it, your food came quickly.

Onto the food - your taco salads and bowls come in a fried shell, which always gets people going. They're all $8.33 for tacos, salad, bowl, etc., and that's for every kind of meat (chicken, shrimp, etc.). I got shrimp, and it was grilled fresh! You choose your toppings and then boom, you're done. They have Jamaica and Horchata for like $2.75, but the Jamaica wasn't as sweet as I'm used to.

The only thing I would change would be to have actual plates for people dining in instead of plastic clamshells that are also used for take out. This would be more environmentally friendly and make the dining in experience nicer! Can't wait to go back!
Great food and great price. The food was so authentic and flavorful. My new go to and highly recommended
Definitely a must try if you're looking for quick but flavorful tacos! I live so close to this place that I'm upset I didn't come here when they first opened! The staff was helpful (with me being indecisive, of course) and the tacos were worth the hype. Just an overall solid meal without breaking the bank. It's so easy to choose the protein you want and customize your tacos with the toppings that you like best. Don't wait any longer to try it here!
Great place to get a quick bite ! I got the carnitas tacos, and my friend got the chicken. Both were so flavorful and the unlimited toppings just added to the  flavors even more. They also came with a little side of homemade chips which were so fresh and crunchy.The price may seem little high at first for 3 tacos , but the portions were really generous leaving you full to the point you could not walk!
Stopped by for the first time this afternoon and grabbed some chicken tinga tacos and a horchata for lunch. SO GOOD. The chicken was super tender and mild-flavored -- not at all spicy. Honestly I would have preferred a little more heat, but that's why the customizable toppings are there. Taco shells were perfect: super fresh, sturdy enough to hold the fillings, excellent corn flavor. The horchata was a wonderfully understated complement, not too heavy or sweet. Great if you want a drink that doubles as a light dessert for lunch.

The space is bright, colorful, and cheerful, very casual and welcoming. At $9 for three tacos and $3 for a drink, it's also a great value. I am definitely going to have to go back and work my way through the rest of the menu sometime soon.
Pretty good! I usually only get al pastor tacos out of a truck, paying with cash. These tacos do NOT have that slow cooked and wonderfully greasy meat. It's kinda the slightly healthier, more Caucasian version of that. I had the al pastor with habanero sauce. Pretty good. And it was nice that there was open air seating... of the garage-ish door variety. Whatever those things are called. Overall, I recommend it! One thing I thought was weird... there's one, very generously sized women's restroom... with one toilet and no purse hook to be found. Or changing station. Or anything women might need that differs from men. Random observation perhaps, but it matters to me.
Just tried take out. The al pastor tacos were excellent  - fresh, fast and very tasty. I'm ready to work my way through each type. I'll be back
Horrible tasteless tacos. Ordered carnitas but got beef delivered. It was inedible and lacked any flavor and no texture to the meat. If it was Barbacoa than it should have been smaller portions. The chips and salsa was just ok as the green salsa just tasted like lime and the red salsa lacked any flavor.
This is honestly the worst Mexican food in the city ,the tacos are horrible save yourself the trip and go somewhere else
Needed a quick place to eat after the Eagles game. Tacophiladelphia was just down the street from our hotel. 

Food was sooooo good!  We ordered carnita and the tinga tacos, a burrito and chips with salsa. It was fresh and delicious!  Quick service. Great price.
So gross!!! Don't get me wrong, the food is good. But just had ordered for delivery tonight and when the food came, - it was wrong! Burrito instead of burrito bowl! Called and complained and they sent the correct order by delivery man. But when the delivery man arrived, before he would give my food, he requested that I bring the first delivery as a trade! Absolutely disgusting!!! If you order from this place, just know that your food may have been wrongly delivered to someone else's house first and God only knows what they did with it before it got to you!
Just ordered from here for the first time and I'm really disappointed. I ordered a burrito & asked for extra cheese. Not only did I not get extra cheese, but I got no cheese at all.
Drove from NJ to Philly on a rainy Saturday to visit friends at this TexMex place. Here they offer seasoned pork (Al pastor), carnitas, chicken tinga, ground beef, short ribs, shrimp, and veggies.

Sure you can get the  or the burrito bowl, but for a first time customer who wants variety, Id rather get the 3 tacos for 9 bucks. The 3 tacos come in a double soft corn shell. The al pastor and the chicken are well done, but not particularly special or specific to this resturant alone. The short ribs which they cut and sautee with pinapples is amazing. I probably should have gotten 3 of these. 

Overall, this is a great BYOB place with a upbeat atmosphere, quick service, and a great place if you are craving . Although maybe this is unfair, but I kinda still miss fish tacos from socal =(.
I recommend the pickled onions for an extra 30 cents! Per other Yelp recommendations I used grubhub deal and we purchased 6 tacos total for around $10. 

Between the al pastor and carnitas I prefer the al pastor! It's more flavorful :)
First: simply delicious food.  Al Pastor, Shrimp and Short Rib tacos were all excellent, as were the sides.  Generous portions and excellent service at the counter!  Chips have great crunch and flavor, and a nice subtle spice in the salsa. The ambiance is made by the friendly and accommodating staff and the music was great.
Second:  I read some of the reviews that mention a distaste for the name.  Really?  Have we reached the point where an actual immigrant-owned business can't use a modicum of humor?  The emotional hemophiliacs of this uber-PC generation need to chill.  If you are taking the name "Illegal" to mean undocumented, then perhaps you should shine that bright judgmental light back at yourself.  Personally, I thought it was a good take on the "Legal Seafood" name, or that the tacos were so good that they should be outlawed.
I love Tacodelphia!! Their taco salads & chips/salsa are amazing  such fresh ingredients!! I will definitely be back!!
I was pleasantly surprised with the food. I'm from LA and the food seemed more authentic than other restaurants around. But I didn't like the service. No combining meats, no exchanging one ingredient for another, and no extra salsa or asking questions about the food. The portions were small for the price. Food is a four-star but service a two.
we placed an order to takeout for 27 people and they canceled because we apparently have too much to make. they also cancelled last minute. how disappointing.
Solid tacos for a fair price, especially in center city. 

Tacodelphia is located across the street from the Suzanne Roberts Theatre Company on South Broad street. Their tacos come with 3 per order, all at the same price and you can mix and match anything except for shrimp which is a great bonus. My partner and I both got the same thing - 2 chicken and 1 veggie. This comes with any toppings and salsas you want - again you can mix and match any of these toppings or salsas. 

The tacos are good, but I agree with the reviewer that stated they're not much different than tacos I make at home. My takeaway is that it's a solid spot to get your fix, but nothing that drives it above and beyond. 

They also have house made horchata which is a welcome bonus! 

However it's noteable that they do not have any public restrooms for use, even for customers. No complimentary tap water - bottled water only.
No complaints here!  Went for a lunch and was glad I did.  Like a homemade chipotle.  I went with an $8 burrito with rice black beans and the shredded beef.  Loaded up with my toppings.  I said I wanted my order to go but sat down for one bite.  Before I knew it my fat burrito was gone.  The owner or manager on duty even made me some hot hot sauce because I like it extra spicy.  Gave me some chips because I sat down too.  Definitely check this place out!!!
Stopped in as a desperation move when we showed up 45 min later than expected for a show across the street. So we were pleasantly surprised at the speed and tastiness of our tacos! Wife ordered picadillo (ground beef) tacos, kid and I split carnitas (pork) and chicken. We were pleased to see that even though the proteins were already cooked, the staff heated up fresh corn tortillas on the flattop, making for warm and pliable goodness. As seen in the pic, by the time we added toppings like cheese and pico de Gallo (all included), the tacos were full to bursting. 6 tacos for 3 people made for a light but satisfying pre-show meal. Jarritos soda sealed the deal. We'll be back next time we're in for a show!
Since we're in the middle of a pandemic, my friend and I have been trying to break from our normal spots and explore more local businesses, and this came out as one to remember. We both ordered the chicken tings burrito bowl, and I was pretty worried about it not being filling enough. But I wasn't disappointed, which if you know anything about me, really boosted my opinion of the place. And my friend said the same thing. 

There was a little bit of a wait but nothing to worry about. I definitely would recommend and will be returning myself when I get back to Philly
Woah! Authentic delicious tacos! I had Pastor and ground beef tacos on soft corn tortillas and they were top notch! Reminded me of family cooking at my best friends house. No crispy corn tacos here, and that's a good thing! Would come back over and over if I lived here......
Been here before. Food is horrible. In fact I don't understand why people make such a big deal about pastor, being from CDMX you know what good pastor is and what they sell here doesn't even come close!!!
A friend was raving about this place and I have to be honest - I was really impressed! I've been to Latin America and can say that this was very authentic and the quality of the food was great! It was all very fresh and made to order. Something to keep in mind is that if you order their set of 3 tacos, you can only get one type of meat for all 3. You can't mix and match. 

Being that it's new, the interior is really nice and clean and they had a lot seating for a small place. They're in a great location right on the corner of Broad and Lombard and my friends and I were commenting on how festive it was inside with all the mariachi music playing. 

I saw this place when it opened but didn't think much of it, so I was pleasantly surprised and I would definitely return again!!
This was such a great find! The food was so good. There was a nice bar seating area that allowed you to look out on Broad Street. Food was very cheap. Quick, friendly service! I would definitely recommend.
I hate al pastor with pineapple chunks. I had no clue before hand or else I would have skipped them. Kills the meat flavor.  Had their 3 taco entree almost 9 dollars. Definitely not worth that cost. Tacos size is reaasonable.  It's a nice attempt for authentic but misses the mark. I dont think I'll be back.
Stopped by this place late one cold night to grab a bite, mostly intrigued by its name and was very glad I did. My partner in crime and me both got a plate of tacos each (one plate has 3 tacos of generous serving size). We also went all out and ordered rice and beans as well on the side. I ordered veggies tacos and the husband got chicken, you can choose how you want to dress up your tacos. I got mine with cilantro, pico, lettuce and habanero sauce and it was bomb!
They tacos were very neatly placed in a ridged box which the more than satisfied the OCD side of me because it very well controlled the inevitable mess that eating tacos in public can create. So kudos for that. Lastly the rice and beans - oh boy! Can they too be addictive ?!?!? Would totally go back for the entire experience during the day.
I enjoyed these tacos and the selection that was provided. I got the ground beef, al pastor, and the pulled pork. They had a great selection of other meats as well. 

It was like a chipotle thing but a little different with a taco bowl option and shrimp as an option as well. All in all I liked it and I liked the Guam salsa.
