I was invited to sample some of Tango's specialty cocktails the week before the soft opening. I enjoyed my time at Tango so much I decided to return for the soft opening, and am happy to say I was not disappointed. 

I sat in the upstairs karaoke area both days. There are huge TV screens everywhere - last night two were showing ESPN and the rest were dedicated to karaoke. The karaoke screen is also projected on one floor-to-ceiling window, to lure in curious passersby no doubt!

Songs were free all night so after some liquid courage from Victor, the awesome bartender, it was time to sing. I belted out my favorite Ace of Base ditty and got some help from the night's emcee, Nate. (He's a great singer by the way; if you're shy about singing alone I'm sure he'd be happy to sing along!)

My favorite drink from the sampling was the Hello Kitty, but if tangy "girl" drinks aren't your thing, there's also a tasty Jameson Mojito or the equally dangerous Pineapple Express (you thought your 151 days were behind you - HA). 

Food-wise, I can only speak to the gyoza; my wallet cringed when I saw that it was $6 for six pieces, but I felt a little better after I received the order. The gyoza at Tango are not the typical light dumpling I'm used to (I don't think gyoza wrappers were used, I has a sad) but they were filling. 

My recommendation would be to try one of Tango's many noodle offerings, have a couple of drinks, and end the night singing Rihanna's "Birthday Cake" and imbibing the deliciously sweet It's Not Even My Birthday martini.
We rented a private room for karaoke. Their selection of songs was horrible. I cant emphasize enough that they really don't have anything. Their food was pretty good though.
There's a new hangout in Chinatown, and the eye candy is smoking hot!!  I was invited to a soft opening of this new club / restaurant/ Karaoke club in Chinatown. TANGO is a stylish new spot that hasn't opened yet and I was invited by some friends to check the spot out.  First there is a extremely well dressed doorman to greet you when you enter TANGO, upon entering the place, its very modern and fresh. The building is very long and narrow, it must run about 200 feet deep. It start with a long red acrylic bar, there are some tables and booths,  followed by a huge, open kitchen. 
 We sat at the bar and a beautiful friendly young lady named Tikki greeted us and she was so sweet and her outfit conjured up all the Mystikal secrets of Asian women. Assisting her at the bar was Jose and the two of them try their hardest to please everyone and they succeeded with style. I ordered a bottle of orchid Apple cider and some Thai crispy chicken wings with a dipping sauce.  They were very fresh and delicious and the crunch was intense.
 I went upstairs to check out the club portion of the restaurant and Wow! Upstairs there was a huge bar with 3 bartenders, 6 karaoke rooms complete with a hostess and bottle service. I counted 37 huge flat screen TVs with a huge projection screen that doubled as a huge window overlooking Arch Street. All the karaoke equipment was state of art and everyone seem to be having such a great time. TANGO Is a great addition to the bar scene in Chinatown and now you can go bar hopping all night long but I think you will spend most of the time here at TANGO.
I go to Tango a couple of times a month with a group of my friends because we don't know what to do once we're in Chinatown. Depending on what day you go..drinks are priced differently. Go on the weekend shots are $13 (Hennessy) Coronas are $7 a bottle. Service is ehh...I like friendly bartenders. Friendly bartenders.. better tips. Food is okay. But I rather go to Yaki for their skewers. The reason I gave them one star is that when you write something bad about them (your opinion) they go crazy and start trying to attack you. My opinion isn't going to stop thousands of others going to hang out at Tango. 
If I talked shit about McDonalds on social media..is McDonalds worker going to go crazy mad.
Thanks but no thanks.
Will NOT be returning. I wanted to love this place because it was highly recommended to me. So, I attended for a birthday. 

First: The bartender downstairs basically lost my service as well as my friends'. They were showing the Phillies game and for one, I am a HUGE fanatic! How dare she say, "Baseball is the most boring sport ever" when Mayberry hit a Grand Slam for the win?! May not been a big deal to others, but it was huge to me. DON'T show the game if you're going to make a comment like that. She also made a LOUD statement which my sister and I heard very clearly, her fussing with the other waiters,"Who didn't leave a tip? What happened to the tip? Cheap ass people." Why would you EVER say that aloud? That is SO inappropriate!! 

Secondly: Upstairs was nice. Only downfall was that is was SUPER SUPER small!!! I definitely prefer Yakitori. At least the bathroom wasn't 3 miles away and the walk space wasn't so tight. 

I did not try their food, nor do I even wish to because of the horrific experience I had. If they consider my rating as some angry sports fanatic then they are WRONG. It goes beyond that. I don't even understand the concept of the whole thing. Is it a restaurant since it has so many tables? Is it a karaoke bar since you can hear the karaoke from the first floor? Is it a place where you are to be judged by a bartender? I seriously do NOT get the concept, but all I know is that my friends and I are definitely never returning to this place.

Another thing I'd like to add is that the waitress/waiters did NOT know where they were sending the food to!!! They "guessed" which rooms and floors each food item belonged to. I was walking to the bathroom and saw a waiter walk PAST the bathroom where there is NO other rooms left, with a bowl of soup, then walked back trying to figure out which room it belonged to! That's horrible! The coordination is so horrific that I would not even TRY the food at ALL!

I really wanted to love this place, but unfortunately, I cannot.
Pros:

-Cool space and lighting with mirrored music video projection on the walls.
-A good atmosphere - not too many crazies, and overall people picking pretty good karaoke songs!
-I tried something called a K-Bomb (a shot of fireball dropped into hard cider). Truly life-changing!

Cons!!!

-What's the deal, Tango? Apparently you did not like my Will Smith song choice and decided to turn down my microphone and the song!? Then someone chooses Jason Mraz and it's blasting throughout the entire bar! I was excited to share my mean rap skillz with the world, but it seems like only a few songs are accepted here. I paid the same amount for my song as Jason Mraz requestor did, so it's only fair that everyone gets a chance to enjoy their moment, in my opinion.
Attended Tango's grand opening and it was just okay, not impressed. 

First off, I like the big projected screen display in the front--- reminds me of displays in New York City. I like their idea and vision, consider the success of Teado. Tango definitely gives competition to places like Yakitori Boy. However, the space is small, especially upstairs in the karaoke lounge where you cannot walk when crowded.  Secondly, the food was just okay and not cheap. They definitely need more variety. What bothers me is that you can only eat downstairs. I would prefer small appetizers at least for the upstairs lounge. Thirdly, I don't dig the one stall bathroom. I guess they're trying to conserve space, but still- It is a hassle and gets crowded when a bunch of people are lined up along a very small hallway. Not to mention the weirdly but interesting placement of a water fountain like sink in the hallway? (For a quick hand wash perhaps).

Since Tango is fairly new- I will have to wait to see and give another review after checking out more food on their menu and hanging out there more often. Also I have to try their karaoke room. For a long time I've been hosting events at Yaki. That's about to change when I discovered the spacious rooms at Fuji Mountain on 20th & Chestnut. Plenty of seats on lovely, comfy red couches! (Check out my review there).
I was excited to try out Tango after seeing it just open, so I went there for drinks with some friends from out of town.
Unfortunately, the bartender had no idea what she was doing (sidecar? What's that?). My G&T was pure club soda (not even tonic), and my fiancee's vodka cran tasted like water with a little cran mixed in for color. We didn't even finish our drinks before leaving to go down the street to another place.
The decor was cool but I won't return.
The private rooms are great and not that expensive as long as you plan on eating. I went with a group of eight people and we had an awesome time. The room was cool with little star lights and a large TV screen for the lyrics. We found lots of songs to sing from a variety of genres. The food was tasty and we went during happy hour, so the appetizers were all half off. 

We only had two complaints with the experience that make it not five-star:
1. It took us about half an hour to figure out how the karaoke system worked. And no, we weren't drunk. The system kept picking songs for us and we didn't want it to. Once we figured out the system, everything went smoothly. The song search function was poorly designed, however. If you tried to type in a song name, it wouldn't let you put in more than two letters. So we searched by artist, but they were only sort of in alphabetical order with some listed by first name, some by last name, and some in completely the wrong place. These were all system errors and not a reflection of the way the restaurant is run, however.
2. No desserts :(

We would definitely go again as my whole group had an awesome time. Maybe we can BYOC (bring your own cake).
Took my friend here for her 21st bday. Right off the bat, you notice that the energy of the hostess were very rude. They obviously hate their job and would rather be at home. The owner was so rude as well, and did not pay attention to any requests or questions we needed answered. I should have went to the other kareoke place (Yakatori) i think thats what it is called, in Philadelphia because the customer service at Tango was SOOOO HORRIBLE. The Yakatori manager is so friendly and they have way more of a music selection. I feel so bad for my friend bc she had a horrible time here because they were bitching about every thing. They say the hostessess are hot, but my friends came in and my crew was actually hotter which was probably another reason why they were rude. Insecurity is so ugly *shakes finger*
I went to tango as a surprise for my 30th birthday party and at first everyone was confused on the reason we were there. So when you pull up you see a giant window with a image in it so you can actually see whats being sung from outside which i thought was different. We walked upstairs into the bar area. In there there are lots of TVs and people walking around with microphones and people singing at the bar. It was fun but this night I had a private room. So i was able to take my guest of 12 into a room just for us. In there we had our own personal jukebox with thousands of songs a TV and lots of comfortable seating. We sang we drank, until our face turned blue. We didn't even wanna leave when they closed it was so much fun. I will definitely be back and i definitely recommend this place.
NEVER COMING HERE AGAIN!!
I booked a private room for my birthday, and let me just tell you- 
Karaoke options EXTREMELY LIMITED.
Karaoke machine NOT user friendly, it kept reverting to a NON ENGLISH language, could not find half of the most common karaoke songs.
Service was HORRIBLE, there was a service light which was basically a waste since it served 0 purpose whatsoever.
Ordered food, which didn't come out until 1.5 hours later
Was over charged for the night
Management does not know how to run a business
The owner is very unprofessional and does not treat patrons to his establishment with any courtesy. 
I advise anyone who wants to have a good time on their birthday, or really just on a Friday night -  GO ANYWHERE BUT HERE.
TLDR: One of the worst service experiences I've had in about a decade.

The details: My friends and I arrived about 15 minutes after they opened, and were told we'd have to wait for drinks because there wasn't a bartender yet. Not a huge deal...we're having a good time with each other. We finally get drinks about 15 minutes later, and we request some songs. 

That was the last time we saw the bartender for over a half hour. Despite the fact that there were only 4-8 more people there at all times, we had to wait about a half hour for each drink refill, and when we asked for cards to request songs, she actually ignored us. I asked her 20 minutes later for more cards again, and she was openly hostile while finally getting us cards and putting in our songs (openly saying "Oh my god" while we were singing). In fact, while her paying customers were waiting to be served, she decided to sing two songs herself...ignoring everyone else at the bar. When we decided to go because she was obviously making our fun day out into a nasty experience, she openly ignored our repeated requests several times...we finally had to shout at her to get her to acknowldge us...and she was literally about two feet away. We finally left and went to Yakitori Boy, where we should have gone in the first place, and had a great time.

That as my first and last experience with Tango...just don't bother.
They lost our reservation after calling twice to confirm including the day before. Additionally they had up the reservation page on the computer as 10:30 yet they verbally told us that there was a mixup yet we were clearly in the computer for 10:30. They gave away our spot - poorly run business. 

Update: they let the group before us push their reservation back so they pushed us back BUT DID NOT TELL US. We booked this in September and confirmed etc. the management and hostesses are terrible. NEVER coming back.
As an OG former worker, here's some tips to get the most out of your bucks here at Tango (:

There are special discounted drinks every day so ask your bartender/server for that. The best deal is probably fridays, $10 for a shot of patron and a corona!!  
Per Groupon customers, expect to pay gratuity before the groupon deal apply. It really is 20%, not anymore. Make sure to call and confirm your party a week before and days before; since Tango sometimes double book and mistakes happen. 

Room services are automatic 20% gratuity!

Food I's recommend: 
THERE ARE NO SUSHI!!
Apps: salt baked/teriyaki/spicy/Thai chilly wings, pan fried seafood dumplings, pork/veggie gyoza, takoyaki (octopus), spring rolls, grilled whole squid. 

Yakitory (skewers): Japanese sausage, zucchini, bourbon chicken, ribeye steak, fish tofu (itss fish, not tofu), fish balls. 

Entrees: pad Thai is hands down good!, yakiudon, yakisoba, any stir fry from wok is delicious, kalbi/curry/bulgolgi/bourbon chicken don are worth the price and yummy! Fried rice options are great also, might have to ask for soy sauce on the side but they are delicious!

If you need service from inside the room, turn on the service light from inside the room and your server will come to help as soon as they can
I've been to Tango a few times and Yakitori more often only because it's been open longer. It's much easier to compare, and I give my vote to Tango before Yakitori.
1 - Tango is cleaner, MUCH cleaner.
2 - Yakitori gets WAY too crowded. Waiting over an hr for my song? No thanks
3 - Yakitori's books are gross to look at songs, whereas I like looking at the comfort of my phone to look up songs at Tango.
4 - I feel like Tango's upstairs bar is longer than Yakitori's.
5 - The bartenders at Tango check up on me often, asking if I want something else,  when standing at the bar. At Yakitori, I gotta push up the crowd to be seen.
6 - I've only eaten here 2x, so I can't say much about the food, but it's pretty much the same food you can order at Yakitori, so to me Asian food is Asian food. 
7 - The bartenders are cute/pretty, etc. They have events that helps bring in crowds, as well as first 50 ladies to come on a certain night, free drink, etc.
8 - The bartenders Deanna and Tikki are my favorite. They're fun and make the drinks right.
9 - If you want to go somewhere less crowded, good drinks, and get attention go here.
This Place is amazing!!!!!! I love how modern this place is and the way they have everything setup. The sign is definitely cool esp. at night. The big screen projection on the out side glass is very cool. 

The bartenders were amazing and cool. I don't know what the bad reviews are about. 

After a Night of drinking and singing upstairs we got the boot at 2 but we went downs stairs and grabbed some grub. 

I dont know what that other girl was talking about the Pho was pretty good. The Pho definitely hit the spot at 2AM!

Dan
Good service, horrible song selection. Take me back to NYC or Cali.  This place did not have any of the classics.  No BBD, no ll cool j, no notorious BIG. My friend was very disappointed.  

Come for a Friday night sausage-fest. There's a surprising number of men out numbering the women at this establishment.
Tango is a really weird place and I was not impressed.  A large group of my coworkers reserved a karaoke room as a goodbye party for one of our coworkers.  I'm not sure but it sounded like maybe someone found a Groupon for the room.  I immediately was freaked out by the place because when I got there a handful of my coworkers were in the downstairs area waiting for people to arrive.  The bouncer was incredibly aggressive and strict. He insisted on searching through everyone's purse and then he wouldn't let me diabetic friend keep her orange juice.  She explained to him that she needs to have a sugary drink on her in case her blood sugar gets low and he still said no you can't have it.  She ended up leaving as a result.  The other weird thing about downstairs is that it was eerily quiet.  There was no music or any background noise and I felt like I was being too loud just casually greeting my friends.

After a thorough and invasive purse search they allowed us to go up to our reserved room.  The room itself was kind of neat because we had our own private karaoke equipment and we could play whatever songs we want.  The karaoke system was kind of hard to navigate and the selection was so-so.  I guess as a part of the groupon or maybe it's always this way, we got to pick out $100 worth of food and non-alcoholic drinks.  The food was so-so, nothing truly exceptional but not bad either.  Beyond that first $100 and all of the money for drinks went on one large bill.  This made it very challenging when we had a group of probably 30 people.  We were not allowed to go out to the bar area to order drinks individually.  It made for a huge headache to try to sort out how to pay for everything.

Eventually our time ran out in the room and we moved into the main upstairs area, which was small and cramped.  Actually there was a lot more space up there but for the hours that we were there they had the biggest part of the room roped off for seemingly no reason.  I ordered a drink at the bar and annoyingly you have to pay $15 to use a credit card.  I spent so much more than I intended to due to that dumb rule.

One of the only reasons that I didn't give this place a 1 star was because they had somewhat decent drink specials.  But really after the way they treated my friend and her diabetes they probably actually deserve one star.  No, I wouldn't be happy about going back to this weird ass place.
Bad, bad, bad. How do you screw up a Mai Tai?  I think we got Electric Lemonade instead. Three of four people at our table got the same thing off their (limited) menu.  And one of them was the wrong item.  Food was bland - we had to ask them for chili sauce so we could at least taste something.  Oh and after twice in two minutes saying that I was still working on my food, the waiter disappeared for 20 minutes.  Yuck.  This place is as bad as your karaoke singing.
New, hottest karaoke lounge in Chinatown/CC area! The setup of the place is quite nice. On the outside, you can see the big light up LED display of their name and the upstairs floor to ceiling window allows a peek into what the karaoke lounge is like, along with the double-sided projector screen playing real music videos (and not the crappy karaoke versions). The hostess and security greet you as soon as you walk in through the door. Getting on the guestlist prior to arrival is recommended, and there is indeed a dress code (basically sleek not sloppy). If you're just opting for a quick meal, you are more than welcome to sit downstairs in the restaurant area/noodle bar. There is also a small bar downstairs for those who choose not to participate in the clamoring karaoke lounge.
Checked out Tango when I noticed a friend was working behind the bar.  While there, I discovered Tango has some pretty sweet happy hour specials.  We took advantage of the $1 Chicken Skewers, $3 Edamame, and $4 Crab Rangoon.  They also had $3 drafts.  

We hadn't eaten that long ago, but everything was tasty enough that we considered ordering another round.  The Edamame might have been a bit disappointing compared to high end sushi places, but else wise, no food complaints from me.  I'll be making a return trip (or two) to explore the bar/karaoke club further... In the meantime, swing by yourself and say hello to fellow yelper (and resident bartender) Victor C!
Ok lets get the Yaki stuff right out of the way right now. Yes Yaki was first. Yes they will always have a place somewhere in my heart but why can't we have two great places to sing and rent a room?... I went to Yaki for years and years too! Although I can't remember the last time I was at Yaki because that girl crazy manger was a huge thorn in my side! He is arrogant and annoying and I'm not going back till he's gone. Other than him the staff is great! But, Yaki also makes lots of money they need to keep the place up! They didn't improve their song system until Tango showed up seems to me a little healthy competition is good for em! They are two totally different experiences both have pros and cons get over it people! You like Yaki so much?... You feel so betrayed?...Go write a nice review for Yaki and  go about your day and get off Tangos you know what! Get over it. (I have spent thousands at Yaki I earned every right to say that!) Now that that's out of the way I can talk about who I came here to talk about, TANGO! 

Yes ok we get it, Tango is a bit on the narrow side so lose a couple pounds and keep it moving! It is very sleek and modern and  trim is always in lol. So again I say, get over it!

Can't get a song book?... You and your friends trying to all see it at once in the dark?...No new songs listed yet?... Pages missing?... Beer spilled on it?... Drunk guy took it while you asked the bartender for a drink?... No worries!!! You have a cell phone?... Good. Then you have a song book. Thousands of songs mostly all with original video await  just go to the website and download the list from the comfort of the clean (I hope)  palm of your hand. I'll do you one even  better wanna practice before you go? Look up the song book from home and pre pick the songs you want to sing. Ah hello?! No brainer. Awesome! And you save a few trees. Go green. Go Tango. Also you can sing with or with out the artist if you need help or your a pro just write "with or without artist" on the ticket or if your bartender isn't busy just tell them!

The food?.. Fab! Haven't tried anything I didnt like yet and I don't expect too. Food for everyone! Plus you can see the kitchen! Very clean and always smells great.

Ok Now, My Picks:              Lamb and Steak skewers $2.00
                                            Cheese Steak Egg Rolls YUM! $3.00
                                            Salt Baked Wings $8.00
                                            Thai Sweet Chilli Wings $8.00
I forget what it is called but they have an awesome soup too it's very popular I get it with beef because I'm allergic to shellfish but I hear wonderful things about the seafood soup. 

They have a great happy hour and ladies?... On Wednesdays the first 50 girls get a free drink! They also have daily drink specials all night and happy hour has food on sale too (some of those skewers I mentioned). Can't beat it! 

Staff is excellent. Victor, Layla, and Tiki, should be among the first on your list to make you a drink they make sure you have a good time! Simon is the hardest working guy you'll ever see lol. he's a sweetie pie. I'm not done listing folks I tell ya the staff is great! I will be back to edit this review to add some more names! The owner?... Such a great guy! I like knowing who is pulling the strings and feeling appreciated for coming in! Another place I mentioned earlier seemed to forget that and would just take take take. 

Tango made my birthday recently a dream.... a drunk dream lol I HAD A BALL!
Thank You Tango! 

See you Sunday for that soup I talked about and lots of songs and great drinks!
Don't let silly beef sway you. Your not cheating! Actually your are cheating. Cheating yourself out of a good time if you don't come! Geez?! Cant we all just sing a song?....
Had a great time here at the soft opening night! This is the new sweet lounge bar to hit with friends in Philly. If you love Ramen, Karaoke, drinks and are looking for a new modern and stylist bar, come to TANGO~!

On the first floor, there's a bar and seating available to grab a bit to eat. On the menu, there are lots of great drinks and food to choose from. We grabbed a booth and tried the Sweet Thai Chicken Wings, Salt Baked Wings, Veg Tempera, Pork Belly Ramen noodles, Pork Katsu, Teriyaki Steak and Fried Squid Rings. Our favorite was the Sweet Thai Chicken Wings, it was flavorful, crunchy and perfect to go with any drink! Everything was very fresh and kicking with flavor and the steak was juicy and filling. 

We also visited the bar upstairs, the bar was already so packed by 10 pm so we grabbed a room and had more DELICIOUS DRINKS! The service was great, the TV was big with the latest hits on the KARAOKE machine! We spent hours here and left the night feeling sexy, satisfied and happy. We love TANGO!
Me and my friend made a 13 person reservation for this Saturday....last month. They just called my friend to cancel the reservation today. The event is in two days. 
They cancelled all karaoke reservations due to "red tape" and apparently they did not apologize or explain any further. 
Trust all the bad reviews. I haven't even been here and most likely never will. 
Now we have to deal with Groupon and try to get a refund.
Tango is the spot for Monday nights! I've been here a few times for the Monday Industry Release Party hosted by DJ Ronnie D and DJ Ricky Lee. Time to get into ze details.

There's two floors to Tango (ha). The layout is similar to Yakitori Boy's. First floor is geared toward those who want to sit down, have a meal, maybe a nice bowl of Pho. I haven't really experienced the first floor all that much so I can't really say much, but there's a decently stocked bar right near the entrance, and some tables near the back of the restaurant. Decor is nice, very modern, and when you walk in, there's a worker in the front that will usually ask if you're here to eat and you'll be seated accordingly. 

The second floor of Tango is strictly for 21+. The bouncer there on Mondays, Tee Fish, is THE MAN. Dude is one of the best, if not, THE best doorman in Philly, possibly the whole damn state. He's super friendly and just an awesome guy. Okay, so walk upstairs, and you're met with a huge bar with numerous flat-screen TV's. There's tables near the top of the steps, and when you walk to the back of the second floor, there's more tables there as well. There are drink specials all night, $5 Jameson and Fireball shots, $3 Bud Light drafts and $1 skewers, which are absolutely delicious! My favorite skewers to get are the lamb, rib-eye steak, and grilled shrimp. I heard great things about the salt baked wings and the fried rice and crab rangoons. Be warned that the kitchen closes at 1:00AM so watch your time. The music on Monday nights are fantastic, ranging from 80's to current hip hop, EDM,  and Top 40. Sound system is actually pretty impressive considering this is a small bar in Chinatown.

Now, here's why I give it 4 stars instead of 5. Tango is VERY slim. If you're at one end of the bar and want to walk to the other side, it's tough to walk as it's usually packed and sometimes it feels like you're trying to walk through a packed house party. No bueno. Another gripe I know some people had was that when people sang karaoke, a few patrons would hog the mic and not spread it around. Final gripe is that one of the male bartenders last night took FOREVER to give my friend and I our check. My friend asked to close his tab and it took 10 minutes for the bartender to print out the receipt and hand my friend his card back. I don't remember the bartender's name, but he seemed too busy dancing by himself or socializing with people he knew. Really dude?

Besides these few cons, Tango is definitely a dope spot to go to in Chinatown. They have decent happy hour specials and fairly priced drink specials on certain days. I'll definitely be back.
Reserved a room for karaoke. Party of five, two hours, $50/hr., no room charge if you drink at least $50/hr.. Not bad... Matches NY price. 
The waitress was great, really sweet and kind... I thought we were gonna get some snobby girl, thank god she turned out to be so wonderful.

Appetizer and drink prices were pretty decent, you really get what you pay for. No water down drinks...They have some really great specials. Songs are very up to date. Service was great. 

No complaint here.
My friends and I came here hoping to sing some songs in the lounge area and have some drinks on a Thursday night.  I'd come here previously on a weekday and had no problems doing this.  When I arrived this last time with my husband, I explained to the lady at the hostess stand that I was meeting people upstairs for this.  She kept asking if we had a reservation for a room.  I told her we didn't, but just wanted to sing in the lounge.  I texted my friend who confirmed she was upstairs waiting on us.  I told the lady at the front that my friend was already up there.  I don't know what the big deal was, but she wasn't letting us go upstairs.  After going back and forth with her, she finally said we could go upstairs, but she had to check my ID and inside my bag first. I had watched other people walk by and she didn't check ID or inside of their bag.  It was really strange.

Sure enough, my friend was up there.  She said she wasn't hassled at all downstairs and confirmed that they didn't check inside her bag. The bar had three or four people at it drinking drinks, but no one was singing.  There are two little tables and booths on both sides of the room that we'd used last time we came here.  This time they were all roped off. We had another friend coming to meet us, so we asked why these areas were roped off and if we could sit.  The bartender was not very friendly and it was hard to get his attention even though the place wasn't crowded.  We were told that those areas are now VIP bottle service only with $100 minimum an hour.  Seriously?  Early on a Thursday night?  The place was dead. We explained that were were going to pay to sing songs and buy drinks.  We asked if anyone else had reserved that area and they said no.  If we were going to spend that much just to sit in the public lounge area, we'd rather have a private room (which cost less anyway).  We then inquired about a private room, but none were available.

After wasting 20 minutes trying to figure all this out, I called Yakitori Boy which was down the street. They told us to come on over and they'd have a private room ready in 20 minutes that was less than half the price of what Tango was charging.  I wish we would have just gone there in the first place.

Tango is not worth the hassle.  In the past I have enjoyed their drinks, but the customer service is always so terrible and seems to be getting worse.  In addition, they have one bathroom only in the upstairs area and when the place gets crowded, you end up waiting in line for a long time.  With other, better options for Karaoke in Chinatown, I would give this one a skip.
Such an unexpected good time!! We booked a private room for two hours (fee is waived if the group spends $100) and had 6 people. We had a server come in whenever we needed food/drink and I liked how the drinks specials carried over into the private rooms as well. The music selection was great but the system took some getting used to. The food was good but we never got silverware or napkins after repeated requests. Regardless, we had a blast and two hours flew by too fast. Our friends keep asking when we will all go again and I think it will be soon!!
My club's go-to post-formal karaoke place. Their small, delectable snacks are usually just what we need after a heavy dinner. The private rooms they offer are just right for our group of 15-30 people. Everyone finds something they like in Tango's karaoke song selection. Great place to unwind and munch on yummy snacks at the end of the night!
I live on the block and have watched the construction of this place for months, and finally made it! I was excited to see a new spot open up to complete with Yakitori Boy, one of my faves.  

Went in with the gf for dinner on a Saturday night.  The interior design is very cool, and I like the large sliding door in the front.  Decor is good, very fresh, both up and downstairs.  

Service: Our waitress didn't seem to know what was on draft at the bar, and not amazing, but one of the other guys stepped up and helped out much better.

Drinks: Cold beers, nothing special.  I ordered a mojito ($12 - not sure why it was so expensive?) and it definitely wasn't anything to write home about.  A bit weak if you ask me...

Food: Crab rangoons - very tasty and loved the dipping sauce.  Beef Yakisoba - the beef was very tough but the noodles and mushroms were tasty. Chicken Katsu Don - chicken cooked and breaded perfectly, but not enough sauce to cover the the chicken fully or even get a decent amount on the rice. 

The verdict - I'll be back, since it's right across the street, and we didn't get any karaoke time in.  Nothing to write home about, but a decent spot for a quick meal and a drink in Chinatown.  You'll probably get better food somewhere else in Chinatown, but the decor looks great in this one, and I think that's what you're paying for at Tango.
I love eating but I also love belting some Top 40's hits with my friends. Give me a microphone in one hand and some grilled meat-on-a-stick in the other, and you've got a happy camper. 

We came on a late Saturday afternoon because we had some under-21s in our group and they're only allowed in before 9pm or something I think. It was kind of an awkward time but I didn't mind--the place was relatively empty so we were able to avoid the nighttime crowds! Plus, our servers were always very attentive in coming into give us water refills and taking away dirty plates. 

The karaoke system was a little tricky to use, but our server Rachel was more than happy to walk us through it. Their song selection is pretty comprehensive and varied, they even have that silly Ew! song by Jimmy Fallon and will.i.am if that's any indication. Food was pretty good -- we ordered the bourbon chicken, steak, lamb, fish tofu and fish ball skewers; salt baked wings, pork and veggie dumplings, scallion pancakes and Tango fries (aka just regular fries). I really liked the steak and lamb skewers as well as the salt baked wings. The dumplings were greasy and I've definitely had better scallion pancakes elsewhere in Chinatown. But I can't complain, Tango isn't known for their food (and I don't think really aims to be?) so it didn't detract from a wonderful experience!

I would definitely recommend getting a Groupon for this place (especially when Groupon is having a 20-30% off deal!) because it's cheap and comes with money to spend on food! I will be back...but probably only with a Groupon. If I wanted a cheap karaoke fix on any other day, I'd probably go to Rodeo at 69th St.
Nope. Just nope.  Don't do it.  So many other places that do karaoke and food so much better, not to mention ambiance and service. Came here after watching a show at Trocadero.  We had already paid for parking (right next door) so rather than leave the area and go someplace else, we decided to go to Tango mainly because of proximity. We didn't check Yelp first, what were we thinking!?!?

This place needs a major overhaul. My bar chair was barely being held together, it easily swayed 2-3 inches in any direction as I sat on it.  Yikes.  I was scared to move.  Bar had one bartender for a Friday night and barback was in training. He actually took my honey's drink away before he even finished it R.I.P. spice rum & coke. The bartender was busy to say the least and tried his best to tend to us quickly but he busts couldn't keep up with the crowd.  

We ordered chicken dumplings and chicken pad thai.  Dumplings were super thick and 90% dough.  I'm not even sure I tasted any chicken. I've had better from Wegmans. Pad Thai was very small for the $15 price tag.  No egg on top, barely any peanuts, if there were any, and very skimpy on the chicken.  Drinks were fine...that was the beat part of the whole experience. I used the rest room before I left and it was dirty with an extra sticky floor, yuck. We won't be back
A group of 10 of us had a reservation for Saturday night @ 8pm. I was the first one to show up at approx 7:45. I stood at the counter for about 2 minutes, then a gentleman showed up to assist me.  I asked if I could go up to the room or would I have to wait for all of my party. He advised that the room was booked and that it would not be available until 8:45pm.  I called my friend who made the initial reservation so she could deal with them.  When I hung up with her, he advised that he spoke to his boss and they would set us up in a different room then switch us out once our real room was available. 

The only other issue for the rest of the night was the Karaoke machine itself. Searching and adding songs to our queue was not as easy as they made it seem. Also, random songs kept playing and took forever to figure out how to delete them and move on. Overall, it was a fun night and we got a free hour due to them messing up our reservation.
Loved this place! 
I had so much fun here! I didn't realize it is a popular karaoke place (I went for the food and drinks!) the food is great and the bartenders are so nice and engaging! They make great drinks too! Tip: go here is you love Johnnie Walker! They have a wall of it :) I can't wait to come back with my friends and utilize one of their karaoke rooms!
If you drive by, you may pass it because the place is so inconspicuous. Nonetheless, came here with friends and family to use the karaoke room and I must say I had a ball! The interior of the place is modern, although dimly lit to fit the nightlight scene. There are several rooms for guests, one in which you can have a party of up to 30. The room I was in you could have a party of up to 15. There's one big screen tv which plays the actual video of the song along with the lyrics which are big enough for everyone to see. One of the cool things they have are the two mics which are huge and have this led light around the bottom of the microphone which gives you the music star feeling that you may be looking for while performing. 

Ordered several things such as veggie rolls, shrimp fried rice, and different flavored wings from regular to Thai Chili. Nothing disappointed honestly. Everything was pretty top notch even including the waitress service who was attentive and helpful throughout the entire time and assisted with guiding and navigating us through the karaoke software. 

If you're into the karaoke thing and want something that has the upscale city look, than this is truly the place to have an event. I'd go back and would definitely recommend.
This review is for the second floor karaoke experience only; haven't ordered anything on the regular menu to date....

I've been here several times, both for happy hour and I also held a private party here. This place is quickly becoming 'my spot' for a great time, no matter what day of the week. The selection of songs is current, the bartenders are friendly, the guy DJ is awesome!!! (haven't met the lady DJ yet) and the crowd that tends to roll in after 9pm is hilarious; I always have had a great time!

The only reason why they aren't 5 stars was due to my experience renting a private karaoke room. Things seemed a bit disorganized with the staff and the self-serve karaoke machine wasn't very intuitive. 

I'll be hitting up this place quite frequently! Great layout, great music, great crowd!
I had a last minute dinner date for quick bite with a friend that's visiting town. I ordered pad Thai, spring rolls looked too white to be fully cooked, chicken wings teriyaki sloppy wings with sauce thrown on top & some grilled squid. Disappointed I'm now at home throwing up on the toilet. Dizzy nauseous. I knew something was wrong with the way the squid smelled. I swear when that shit came out it smelt extra extra bad. I ate squid my whole life, not even dried squid smelt that bad, but ate it cus I didn't want to waste my friend's money. What am I going to do? "Return it cus it smelt bad? It's sea food" low and behold the results, they probably threw old squid that was spoiled rotten on the grill & I am food poisoned because of it. 

Young Asian girl in front as a bartender or whatever you want to call her was very loud & obnoxious. Sitting in the back to hear myself talk was annoying. She said "Sorry I didn't know you guys came, I walk out for a bit"....& the crew in the back was not prepared for any guest : "sit anywhere you want" they said. Your figure paying $15 a plate they would have better service. Tea was not hot, like old mildew tea. Don't taste like fresh batch at all. I'm so pissed off right now I have to call off work: 

God please heal me. I'm not trying to spend a night at the hospital-but  I've been throwing up last 3 hours. I can't deal with this. I've been here before in the past it was never this bad but Tonight was a dead night. Never ever coming back here again. My head is still spinning. Thank you Tango for crappy service & food poisoning. ‍
Tango is well-priced with great karaoke and endless song options, including the most recent hits. The thai chili wings and fries were delicious appetizers to enjoy as we belted our hearts out. 

The service was less than ideal, however. They did not bring us our food until 5 minutes before 2 AM, 45 minutes after we ordered. Shortly afterwards a waitress came and yelled at us for staying beyond closing time, even though we had just been served. Then the host at the front briefly misplaced my friend's ID and credit card that he had given to reserve the room. Everything was found but our fun karaoke night closed off in a rather unpleasant way. 

Also keep in mind that Tango closes at 2 AM on Saturdays, NOT at 3 as Yelp says!
I give the one star to the staff downstairs because they seemed pleasant during our brief interaction. 

Nothing else about this place is enjoyable. The drinks are watered down, the karoake list is obscure and lacking, the lyrics lag far behind the song's pace and the upstairs servers were extremely unwelcoming.

I'm actually convinced that the two young women who work upstairs are conspiring against the owner to get the place shut down. They seemed annoyed by the presence of customers and were wrapped up wholly in their conversation, halting it only to begrudgingly serve us drinks and eye rolls. 

Bad music selection and laggy machinery can be overlooked but horrible service should never be acceptable.
Great service! awesome bartenders!!! Was just there this weekend and had a blast! They accommodated us to exactly what we wanted!!
Overrated, crowded, and you call that VIP? Drinks are too expensive.
Made a reservation for 30 people in the VIP room 3 months prior to the event. Responded to 3 confirmation calls the week of the event. Yet they gave away our room anyway. They told us we'd have to wait an hour and gave us food while we waited. An hour and forty minutes passed and we still weren't given our room so I went to complain. Finally we got our room an hour and fifty minutes after the reservation time.

I hadn't had anything to drink and as soon as our party made it to the room we asked for a quick tutorial for the machine and for our first round of drinks. The staff head-waitress could not figure out how the machine worked and fumbled around with it before surrendering and saying "just flip through the songs it shows you and pick one." We found some songs and sang them.

It was an hour and ten minutes before our FIRST round of drinks showed up. The second round only came marginally faster. A few friends went to the bar to get faster service despite the fact that we had a spending minimum because the drinks frankly just weren't coming. By the time that the second round came in, they stopped serving alcohol. This wouldn't have happened so soon into our party had they respected the reservation. At the end of the night we were charged for drinks that never came, which they claimed must have been taken by the wrong person. It was hard to take them on faith on that claim when they had failed so spectacularly in every other matter but we just ate the up-charge.

To summarize our experience there, the rooms and TVs were nice but that's about the only good thing that comes to mind. The service was abysmal and delayed. The management was in disarray and couldn't even manage reservations. I would discourage Tango from hosting parties as large as ours (30) because they were clearly too incompetent to serve us.
Stopped in for happy hour, so glad I did! $3 any draft! I took in my fair share of Golden Monkey's with a deal like that (typically around $8). Bartender, Tang, was very polite, quick to respond, and didn't have any problem running upstairs for the beers we were ordering. 

Tango is quite a long place- it is actually the full length of the city block. Wear your hiking shoes if you plan on visiting the bathroom- I exaggerate, but it is a walk. Very clean space, and I took the liberty to stop into the two private karaoke rooms on the way back to the bathroom. One was a bit larger than the other, with it's own private bathroom. Both were super cute, cozy, and would be really fun with the right group of people. Pricy though, $50 for 2 hours. I guess that's not bad if you have enough people, but with only three of us, it was a bit much. Karaoke upstairs was $3 per song, or $5 for three songs.

I would definitely go back for that great happy hour!
This place is money! The food is always good and I won't lie the girls that work here are great to look at! They throw an awesome monday night party that is such a great time. 

This place is defiantly a cool spot to bring friends and enjoy a night out
A group of friends and I did karaoke here, and we had a blast but more due to the fact that we all had fun singing with each other. Tango really was no help in that experience. The karaoke system is really confusing and super difficult to use - you can find songs either by artist name or by song title but if you search by song title it's by the initials of the song? And the song selection was terrible - they didn't have a lot of classics we wanted to sing, and nothing up to date either.  Luckily we wanted to do mainly throwbacks but it was still lacking in a lot of the song selection.  The room is relatively spacious though - our group was about 15 people and we did a 20 person max room and had a lot of wiggle space. 

Luckily we used a Groupon and went during happy hour so drinks were cheap and we got $100 to use towards food. The food was actually really, really good, but I would not go back to Tango for karaoke and definitely am going to try other places.

The service was great though, our server really was nice and kept having to explain the system over and over to us because it was so frustrating! So shoutout to her and everyone else, our group was pretty rowdy and messy and I'm sure working at a karaoke place is rough.
Always a good time if you sing, sing along, and stay at the bar. I've been to tango many times for reserved rooms and just to hang out at the bar. It starts getting good at about 12 am on the weekends when the crowd picks up. They have good happy hour prices but it doesn't get pack for that. The food is normal nothing amazing just something to fill your stomach with all the drinks. 

I prefer to go here for the bar than the reserved room, I just find you have a better time and the service is a bit quicker. 

Overall, affordable prices, good times, and many songs to choose from.
Don't go here. They told us when we reserved a room that food and drinks are included in the room's service fee. So we told friends to come for dinner and karaoke. But when we are all there and ready to order food, They told us the food and drinks will be added on top of the room fee because it is New Year's Eve. No inform no explain no sorry and when we complained they kicked us out. I don't know why they treasure this 300 dollars so much, they would lose more.
they have many drink selections to choose from, food is decent. Upstair Bar can get overcrowded, last time I went a fight broke out but the staff handled it maturely. They play nice music, the kind of music you only listen to when your'e drunk tho. A spot to hang out with your crew, looking for a one night stand or so? not a good idea.
Tango is a new Karaoke/bar/late night munchies spot. For those who wants to witness an American Idol like performance live, or want to enjoy a nice warm welcoming bowl of noodle soup, or just hang out with some buddies, should stop right in. Interior is designed to perfection. Downside to the nice design is that Tango is very Narrow. Since the opening, I've already been there twice, and both experiences were spectacular. Staff is very welcoming and friendly. I say give it a try.
MEH says it all. Bunch of super drunken peeps upstairs and not enough seats. Will not be going back.
After actually going to a private karaoke party here, I am only giving them 3 stars on the selection of songs, difficulty level of the system.

Previous times at Tango were just for drinks and to watch a soccer match.  I enjoyed those experiences more than the karaoke because the service was very good and the food was tasty.  The drinks were inexpensive as others have mentioned.

So in essence, if you're looking for karaoke, I'd recommend elsewhere but if you want food and drinks, this spot is as good as any in the area.
Had to update my old review to bring their review up a few notches! I recently got an awesome Groupon for Tango--spent $52 for 10-person room for 2 hours and $50 to spend on food. I reserved the room from 8-10pm on a Thursday night and we had such a good time that we stayed past midnight! The room was quite reasonable outside of the Groupon--$50 per hour and since there was at least 10 of us, we didn't spend too much extra. The cost actually got comped because we spent so much on drinks!

The actual karaoke was fun. I really like how updated the system was--we were able to find top 40 hits. Although they do a good job with the music, the actual program was not very intuitive. I did appreciate our server taking the time to give us a quick tutorial--if she hadn't we would've never figured out that we had to search artists by initials and not their name. Some people in our group came late and didn't hear the tutorial and couldn't figure out how to use the system. Other than that we were able to adjust the sound accordingly and skip songs when we realized we didn't know them as well.

Food: pretty decent. I have to say we had a difficult time spending the $50 over the course of the 2 hours because skewers and appetizers are reasonably priced. We tried a variety of skewers from rib eye, fish balls, lamb, chicken, Japanese sausage etc. I really liked the rib eye. We also had Crab Rangoon, which was pretty good. We also ordered all of their sushi rolls--Spicy Tuna, Alaskan, Crunch, Spicy Kani, and California-- (they had a special that night), which were very tasty. We ended up going over the food by $20, but that's okay because we really enjoyed it. Drinks were decently priced--this is where we spent a lot of our money on.

The outside room seemed pretty packed on a Thursday evening, so people must have been really enjoying themselves in the main room. Overall, I'm quite pleased with my latest experience here. It's a big step up from the last time I've visited!
Like others have mentioned, Yaki-tori sets the standard for karaoke bars in Chinatown. I've been to Tango a few times over the past year or so, and most of the time its for a quick drink. And every time i'm at Tango, i just can't help but compare it to Yaki. I mean... this is Philadelphia, not NYC...we don't have many karaoke bars (with rooms). 

I would have rated this place a 3 stars, but my last visit Tuesday night kicked it up one star. The place was empty when we got there, which was fine with us (6-7pm?). We had the bar and bartender all to ourselves. Great drink special for those that like Heineken. I was starving, so the food portion was pretty dope too. The beef skewers were nice and the shrimp tempura roll was bomb! I'm not really a sushi roll person, but needed to eat something filling.. the tempura was fried really really well. I don't get easily impressed by something like this, but it stood out so much that i ordered another order after my first. 

The bar tender, Tiki (spelling?) was pretty good and attentive. Even as the place got more crowded, never forgot about us. I guess I haven't been out in Philly in a long time, i didn't know they didn't charge for karaoke until the weekends? (or that's what my friend told me). If i had known, i'd sing some more BSB songs! lol. 

And did they just add the bar stools? I swear they weren't there last time i was here (i worked in NYC for a year, i'm back in Philly now). 

Like others have said, once this place is packed, there is bound to be horrible traffic getting around this place. The establishment is really slim, so the section between the bar and the stairs is where there will be huge issue, and i've experienced it a number of times. So, going from the front window to the bathroom is an excursion that will probably take 5-10minutes.
We stopped at this place shortly after dinner at Banana Leaf.  Our go-to standard bar in Chinatown had been Tazia, but learning they have closed we were forced to find a new venue.  We ran into this place largely because of the huge illuminated/projected second floor glass window which displays the current karaoke song being played.  This was a really awesome feature.

The place is two floors.  The bottom is largely your normal bar/restaurant which we didn't partake in.  We were told it was more "fun" upstairs.  Once we got up there we found out why.  There were some small groups up there participating in karaoke in the bar area.  We were also informed by one of the friendliest bartenders of recent memory of all the features of the bar.  They have various sized private rooms which can be had with very minimal drink/food purchases.  We only stayed for one drink, but for a Friday night it was fairly empty.  I think it had to due with it being on a nice weekend in the summer when most are at the shore.

We will definitely be back and I'll have to update accordingly.
Came here as a group of 7. We got there and immediately went to adding the songs that we wanted to sing to. The manager came in to "update" the karaoke computer. The update was only for one song, I feel like he should have done this prior to our arrival. This knocked all of our songs out of que so we had to put them all in again. Ok, not a huge problem. Well, abt an hour later, the computer froze. We had to call our waitress in and she had to reset it which knocked our songs out of que AGAIN. So we had to re-add them AGAIN. One of my cousins ordered a Lychee-Tini. My other cousin asked for a different cocktail but with the Lychee in it and was told that they couldn't do that. Huh?! 

The food was good, except when I ordered the grilled shrimps on skewers I literally got 4 of the smallest shrimp on earth. I wouldn't even serve those at my house let alone charge someone for them. But I was hungry so my greedy behind ate them.

The song selections weren't diverse enough for us. And those generic videos can be irking. I just had a mehhh experience. I don't foresee another visit here.
First of all, it's freezing inside. Secondly, I had one of the employees ask for me to hand him the microphone in the middle of my song. Then ended my song and handed it to another girl so she could sing her song. They'll say that they're booked on songs but then give the microphone to their friends that come in. That or the employees will sing songs together. It was my birthday and I wasn't even able to sing a full song. Never again.
It was my first time at Tango with a large group of friends visiting the karaoke room. The space itself was pretty small but trendy. I noticed that there were several spots on the floor that were sticky and the room itself was pretty hot. 
       Our Groupon allowed us to order $50 worth of food, 3 fries, 2 orders of scallion pancakes, I fried rice and 1 order or fried noodles. All of the portions were a lot smaller than we expected comparing it to the high prices, but the taste of everything was okay. The selection of music wasn't too bad, I wish there was more English songs to choose from.
As an OG former worker, here's some tips to get the most out of your bucks here at Tango (:

There are special discounted drinks every day so ask your bartender/server for that. The best deal is probably fridays, $10 for a shot of patron and a corona!!  
Happy hours are the best time to visit with discounted drinks and food! 

Per Groupon customers, expect to pay gratuity before the groupon deal apply. It really is 20%, not anymore. Make sure to call and confirm your party a week before and days before; since Tango sometimes double book and mistakes happen. 

Room services are automatic 20% gratuity!

Food I's recommend: 
THERE ARE NO SUSHI!!
Apps: salt baked/teriyaki/spicy/Thai chilly wings, pan fried seafood dumplings, pork/veggie gyoza, takoyaki (octopus), spring rolls, grilled whole squid. 

Yakitory (skewers): Japanese sausage, zucchini, bourbon chicken, ribeye steak, fish tofu (itss fish, not tofu), fish balls. 

Entrees: pad Thai is hands down good!, yakiudon, yakisoba, any stir fry from wok is delicious, kalbi/curry/bulgolgi/bourbon chicken don are worth the price and yummy! Fried rice options are great also, might have to ask for soy sauce on the side but they are delicious!

If you need service from inside the room, turn on the service light from inside the room and your server will come to help as soon as they can!
This place is absolutely the worse. Over priced for nothing. Booked this for my daughters 21st birthday party, was 150 a hour for max time of 2 hours. Or you buy 300 dollars worth of food and drinks. Plus 20% gratuity. The food was ok. People didn't really eat it. So at the end of the night. The waiter packed it up for us. What should have been about 4 containers of food left over we only got 2. The waiter seemed very disinterested in serving, so what the 20% was for I don't know other then to rip off the customer. The music selection was pretty bad. Not to much old school or newer music. If you go with a large group they will only split the bill 3 ways. So be careful with a large party ur bill could be over 300 quickly. After your 2 hrs are up u have the option to go upstairs which was small with 2 sections blocked off for VIP. In order to set there in VIP u had to order a 150$ bottle. After juicing you for over 300$ they have he nerve to ask u to pay 150$ more for nothing. Basically to sit down.  Needless to say we left and went somewhere else for free. Unless or a karaoke guru, I would stay far away from this place. They only take cash too, and have a Mac machine inside so if u wanna pay them a extra 3 bucks to get cash go right ahead
Great Food, Karaoke and Good Prices. I have been here twice once just to eat and I finally came back with a group of friends for Karaoke night. We all had a great time the next time I plan on renting a room.
I came here a few times but I still prefer Yaki- than this establishment.  The food is mediocre and I just don't like the feel here. Maybe it's bad feng shui, Idk. 

However,  my husband loves it here. He likes their massive tv, and we both do like the contemporary style. Also, the servers and bartender seems pretty friendly and nice.
This place is well decorated and has lots of potential. I remember passing by earlier in the summer when it first opened and the line being enormously long. Well, the hype has died down and there really wasn't that much of a karaoke crowd upstairs. The emcee had a hard time getting people to actually keep singing and so they had to play the vocals of the songs for most of the night. 

The drinks were okay...my friends and I didn't get anything special. All I know is that one of my friends didn't even finish his cranberry vodka before we high tailed it out of there to yakitori boy, the other nearby karaoke bar. The crowd there is definitely younger and we've always had a better time there. 

I'm looking forward to trying the food on the first floor and hopefully, will be able to rate this place higher.
Other than the fact that this place was highly expensive, my friends and I were sooo excited to try this place on Halloween night! Although we arrived roughly 10 minutes before our reservation (that I booked about a month prior) we were still asked to wait at least 10 minutes into our reservation so that they could check our room! When we were taken to the room, there was still a spill on the floor that was not cleaned, covered by a chair when moved. To make matters worst, our waitress by the name of "Jasmine R" was really impatient and rushed with us. She seemed annoyed with the fact that we had never been there and she had to explain to us about how to use the equipment. Not cool!! She kept interrupting us (without use of the service light) for last calls even though we made it clear to her that we were fine the first time. She was really short with us, like she either hated us or her job. (The food and drinks were mediocre! No more for me, thanks!) Ironically, not even one minute after our reservation ended, as we were gathering our things, they were rushing us out! Without even saying a word. They were literally cleaning around our things. The girl mopped my feet because I wasnt moving fast enough. Overall, never again. I spent $252 ( room reservation and gratituity included) to have a good time only to be shorted my reservation time, receive terrible service and be rushed out! NEVER EVER AGAIN!!!!
I went here for a friend's birthday party in the private karaoke room. . His gf planned the whole thing and picked Tango for a karaoke place since we've already been to Yakitori boy. It's exactly the same as Yakitori Boy. Same karaoke system. Same private room set up. So basically you get a room and a waitress assigned to you. Hit the button to call her. 

The only time we really get a room is when we get the special where you spend a minimum of (the cost of the room x hours spent) and the room comes free. If you plan on eating and drinking, it's a good deal since the rooms are like like 60$/hr (depending on the size of the room). You would need to reserve a room and a room size ahead of time. 

The big thing is that Tango just opened up not too long ago, so you can get the room special during the weekends versus Yakitori boy where the special is like Monday-Thursday (Yaki does have these specials during holidays and random weekends too). 

I hear the waitresses here are alot cuter too. 

The one thing I have to say/complain about is the food. The menu is so small and overpriced. If you're looking to drink and eat, I'd go to Yakitori Boy. But the whole night, we ate crab rangoons and stuff like that. I was still hungry at the end of the night, and if you go with friends who drink.. most likely you're paying for their drinks. If you're just looking to drink and eating something so that you don't get too drunk too fast, Tango is fine. 

The food was okay.. nothing great, but I would have rather spent more money on sushi while karaoking. Great service though.
It's it OK! It was a group party the service was nice, but I must say they are very expensive and the drinks are watered down. I believe the more people there the more they water down their drinks. Also, I steped out and went to the bar, the bartender was very rude and also charged me 20% on my drink because I was in a room with a group. The chunky Asian bartender with the skimpy man bun is very rude. When I ask why am I being charged 20% he got very upset and nasty and also didn't give me my change. They over charge for everything, not one thing on the menu was a reasonable price. If you plan on going here be aware of the prices and how they overcharge. And watch out for the chunky bartender with the man bun he may have something against colored people.
I came here with my girlfriend s for a night of drinking and singing. ..The food was good but later on I suffered horribly...okay the place is very nice with private rooms and nice decor. ..
The reason why this place loses stars is because of the customer service..I was carded when I first came in..about an hour goes by I want a drink the bouncer rudely asks for my id...I tried telling him that I shown it to the hostess prior to him coming...He still gave me attitude and wanted it...He never once said sorry for the inconvenience but it's policy....The bar tender looked annoyed that she was working. ..So I never ordered another drink...I will not come back to this place. .I was treated rudely and got sick...I can't and I wont....
I came here with my friends to watch the Philadelphia Eagles play and grab a few drinks and a bite to eat. It was a good experience overall. The bouncer was relax and chill along with the bartender. My friends and I sat at the bar and there was tons of space even for a popular game. 

I ordered the takoyaki and the Szechuan fried wings. The takoyaki was not bad while the wings were a new taste. It wasn't too too spicy but had a good flavor. I think the big selling point was that there wasn't alot of people and the servers were really attentive and wanted to talk.

Overall, the experience was pretty good. It renewed my opinion an impression of the place. I'll probably stop by again with some friends again.


Overall: 3 (Rounded)
Food: 4
Service: 3.5
Price: 3
Atmosphere: 3
Decent selection of karaoke songs and pretty spacious private rooms.  We came here after dinner at Penang and definitely liked the setup more than that at Yakitori Boy.  It easily fit all 20 of us and the interactive song selection screen was much easier to use.  The drinks themselves were pretty meh.  The sangria was very sweet and I couldn't taste any of the alcohol, which says a lot since I have a very low tolerance and very high sensitivity.  It was pretty neat, though, that they brought out sparklers with every new bottle of Ketel One.  Our hostess was friendly and helpful, and we did enjoy the ambiance and msuic selection.  The actual club itself is nothing to rave about and the majority of the clientele are 30-35+.  Overall, it's nicer and cleaner than Yakitori Boy, likely because of its younger age.
Caught in the rain, my friend and I ducked in here last night after an early dinner and caught the tail end of happy hour, which is every day between 4 p.m. and 7 p.m.

Seated at the bar, we each ordered a $5 Belvedere pineapple and cranberry, respectively. While sipping our drinks, we took in the sheer size of Tango, which consists of a long first floor, complete with a bar, a kitchen, and a few booths, and were told that there is also an entire second floor that not only consists of a second bar, but also of big karaoke screens. I also couldn't help but notice how clean everything appeared to be, bathroom included.

Just before 7, we placed a final happy hour order, my friend opting for $3 fries that came with sriracha alioli, which she said was tasty. Still full from dinner, I opted for a second round of drinks. However, because I still hadn't finished my first, the bartender  graciously offered to wait to make it.

I highly recommend Tango if you are in the mood for a great happy hour, a clean karaoke place, or a bar just to hang out if you are in the area!
There is the potential for private karaoke to be an enjoyable experience, but the karaoke system is so complicated that it uses up all your time to figure out what's going on. There is no easy way to scroll through and browse song options -- you have to know what you want and then you can search for it. There is a TON of music, but limited U.S. artists, so it was hard for us to scroll through such a huge volume and find songs that we knew. I think a simple binder with the song list that's on their website could go a long way -- we eventually pulled up the song lists on our phones, browsed songs that way, then searched them on the in-room device to add to the queue.

We didn't figure out how to adjust music to mic volume ratio, and one mic was on a half second delay. The waitress said she'd help us figure that out, but didn't end up sorting it out. Service was otherwise fine, food was fine. Drinks are expensive. The building is beautiful and the rooms are nicely appointed. I wouldn't go again because of limited selection and difficulty in finding songs.
My friends and I wanted to eat somewhere in Chinatown and we picked Tango because of their $1 skewers on Monday. When we got there, we were greeted by our server. My boyfriend asked if we can sit at the bar and the server said loudly "no! Get a table". And we asked how come we couldn't sit at the bar and the server said "table is better!" A little turned off by the service and greeting already, we still sat down at the table and we had every intention of ordering food. Before we even got to look at the menu, the server kept coming back and interrupting us and asking if we wanted to order drinks when we told him from the beginning "no, we're still looking at the menu, can you give us a few minutes?" And when we finally decided to just order the skewers to start off, he told us they don't serve them anymore. And okay, we were a little thrown off about that but we didn't mind. We were going to order something else. But THEN. The server came back and said to us "it's okay, I know you're college students and you have a budget, I know, it's okay" and immediately, we were very thrown off by his comment. My friends and I just looked at each other in disbelief. First of all, we were not all college students. And so this was very offensive to us that the server would even say that and "assume" that we couldn't afford whatever it is on the menu because we were "college students". We then decided that we didn't want to eat anymore and that we should just grab a couple drinks at the bar because of that comment. The server followed us to the bar and started to list all these drinks that we could buy (he mentioned the cheapest drinks because we were "college students"). And if that wasn't it, he commented again that he knows that it's tough for us to order anything because we're college students and on a budget. My friends and I looked at each other again and we all knew that we didn't want to stay any longer with this server who keep disrespecting us. So we left. This was not the first time we went to tango. We come to tango for their karaoke and its a lot of fun. But I advise others that if they want to dine at tango, be aware of the bald server who "assumes" that his customers are only college students and are on a "budget".
I have been here before and enjoyed the food, but this review is just based on the karaoke that I just recently went to. We went on a Saturday when it was packed. I knew the drill. I knew I had to pay for the songs (which bugs me a little because I've done free karaokes around the city), and I did so. 2 out of 3 of our songs came up in less than 30 minutes. The last song, we waited to sing never came up in the karaoke queue! We waited at least an hour!

The "DJ" who is manning the karaoke either decided to completely not play the song or just totally mismanaged the order. It was disappointing because I paid for 3 and only did 2 songs. Also, I could really do without his song additions. I would rather hear other people sing. 

I also want to add that the security guard was unnecessarily cold. Just took my pepper spray right off my key chain and said, "you'll get this back later." Tell me what you're doing and why! Say "I need to check your belongings." Let me know what the protocol is rather than assuming I know what's going on. I know he'd probably been checking IDs all night, but It's better than him just standing there wordless.

This place goes on my hit or miss list now. I will probably go back on a night where it's less crowded and less likely that we'll get passed over in the song order.
Pretty cool place with Karaoke (public) and huge cocktail selections!
At any karaoke place, if you've got a fun group of friends with a private room, you'll have a great time. I'm directing this review to the upstairs bar area. 1 song costs $2 and 3 songs costs $5. Instead of the DJ putting songs in the order they are received, he queues them up based on who bugs him. Throughout the night, if you want to hear the song you've paid for and requested 2 hours ago, you'll have to remind the DJ.
Went here for the first time on Saturday and I have to say we had a great time. We were celebrating my moms birthday and I was skeptical from some the reviews about the service. Our server Diana was absolutely awesome. We had a group of 16 and ran poor Diana ragged for 3 hours straight, but she remained calm, professional and in top of everything.... we had a few apps what we ordered was pretty tasty the drinks could be a little stronger but there are drink specials so that was cool. I probably would have given them a 5 except they need a little more old school r&b music for the 50 plus crowd and our 30 person room didn't have a private bathroom otherwise I would definitely recommend this for a fun night of karaoke.
It was pretty pricy on even a Sunday afternoon (4pm)... Like $50 an hour. I would expect some kinda happy hour but then again coming from nyc we're spoiled with happy hr deals for asian karaoke. However one good thing is that it includes food, so instead of going to a bar, you can drink $50 worth and get the room for free! Theres also a ton of food from chicken wings to ramen if you dont wanna drink

The karaoke system was definitely above average - it was a touch screen monitor, which i liked a lot! The mic kept running out of battery 3 times so that was annoying.

One tip is that if youre thinking about signing up for more than an hr, dont. When an hour hits, they give you the bill very slowly. They collect it slowly too. And they take it away slowly. So we got like an extra 30 minutes for free lol

Overall if you hv a group of 5 ish and wanna drink this would be a good place
I recently moved to the area and was looking for an affordable karaoke place to sing songs from the Korean drama Descendants of the Sun. I found a $69 Groupon deal to get 2 hours of singing + $50 worth of food credit for a group of 10 on any day. We had to pay $20 gratuity. The food wasn't amazing and I don't like the Chinese karaoke system itself...if I'm trying to look up Korean songs or artists, I shouldn't have to search by the number of characters in the title or the Korean artist names in Chinese. It really wasn't that user friendly like Korean karaoke places I've been to in Atlanta (I can't speak for local places here yet...) where you can search for song titles or artists in other languages by typing to save time. I'm glad that a lot of the music videos were the actual videos of the songs though and not super random background footage. Oh, and some of the food we ordered came in our last few minutes of our karaoke time...wasn't a fan of that. I probably wouldn't come back unless I had a Groupon again.
Setup is great, prices are decent, and song selection is good. MAKE SURE YOU MAKE A RESERVATION IF IT'S A WEEKEND. We waited over 2 hours for a room when they kept telling us it would be ready in "another 20 minutes." This was okay because our waitress when we did get into the room was freaking fantastic. 

There aren't that many bathrooms for the large amount of people that come in and our of this place but that's standard for Phila. 

This is one of the only places in Philadelphia where you can rent a Karaoke room for a reasonable price. Slightly expensive but hey, they are in a city and not many places offer the small, private rooms like this one. Decent selection of K-Pop songs.

The food at this place is also good and so are the drinks if you are downstairs. I would definitely go back here, and make a reservation in advance.
Pretty simple. We were having a great time. 2am came. The bouncers came and said "this is the last song."  We switched to another song as the last song. They shut us down with no last song and threatened us that we had to leave. Fuck tango.
I will start off by saying the customer service is one of the worst service I've ever experienced, I am saying this because I've worked as a server before. Everyone in the place is rude specially the Manager/owner. He is a complete asshole. You would think if you would spend $150 you would get decent service but nope!! Also, The security there are rude, and you would also think for a Saturday night it would be packed but there were atleast 5 people in the whole place. Definitely not worth time!! Yakatori is deff. Better than that dump! Don't go there you'll regret it! The worst part was when I saw a roach crawling up the floor near the food when they brought it in. Yuckkk!!
This is my first time at a karaoke bar. Since it was my brother's selection to celebrate his birthday, I showed up. Place is very nice it has 2 floors. We did a VIP section so we just don't be standing around. One the prices are way to high for a bottle and you sit at this little square seats. The bar is long but tight! The volume of the karaoke made both my ears ring. The bathroom sink didn't even work. I had to use this tiny sink that was outside the hall. Me and my sister decided to sign in to sing to make the best of it. After we sung our selected song the short man that worked behind the bar came around and snatched the mic. We was going to hand it back to the bar, rude. Never returning.
I wanted to like this place more but there were too many things that could have been better. I give Tango a 3.5. My friends and I reserved a room for karaoke, we were taken to the room pretty quickly but once we entered the room, things started to go downhill. The room was large but it was dirty and smelly. My friends found some of the seats with what seemed to be puke stains/marks on them. We tried to request a new room but unfortunately there were no other room available. Next when we tried to order food, we learned that they have taken away their season/sushi because they were changing their menu. This is a pretty big deal especially when 1/3 of the menu was sushi. I hope they increase their menu in the future. The service wasn't bad as the waitress came in and out with our  food/drinks moderately fast.
Update on the karaoke experience:

- We had a private karaoke room in the back of the restaurant. The room had a small space heater but was still freezing. I loved being with friends but the experience was unpleasant because I never got warm.
- The karaoke machine still had its kinks. An error message kept popping up that we somehow got rid of, but it didn't really go away.
- The mics were going in and out for a time. The issue seemed to work itself out, but was still a problem, even with the waitress coming to fix it.
- A lot of the newer songs were just videos with words on them. It's not a huge deal, but you could easily sing along to YouTube at home if you wanted the same experience.

I'm not too sure about this experience. The last couple of times I went were OK, but I've never really been impressed by this place.
Why the manager on duty decided to have a new waitress wait on my party on a busy Friday night is beyond me. She screwed up our food orders multiple times, took a while to come back with our food, then messed up with the bill. I'm not blaming the waitress- it's not her fault. I blame management for not having anyone assist her with our large party on a busy night. I was expecting the sushi to be great, but I've had better from local grocery stores. 
The bar staff wasn't friendly, and the drink I ordered didn't taste great either. 
The only reason why I'm giving two stars is because I liked my entree (chicken and broccoli) and the party room I rented was a nice atmosphere. 
I would not visit this place again or recommend it. There are much better places to spend an evening out in Philly.
Yesterday was my first time there... The room is cute and comfortable! The Karaoke is fun and they have plenty of songs to choose from but the food wasn't that great... I ordered the chicken and broccoli and it tasted like it came from the local Chinese store. Most liked the wings and said the drinks weren't strong enough but I didn't try them myself. I would definitely go back for the experience but the food wasn't good at all.
DJ Ronnie D = worst DJ. The crowd wasn't into it, and neither were we. My sister asked for a request halfway into the night for popular song AND it was her birthday and he was just like NO. His inability to read the crowd and his unwillingness to please his patrons have him and this establishment receiving two stars
Run and run fast, the website is totally incorrect when trying to find out about this place. Let's begin on the website they advertise a drink called a pineapple express which can not even be made due to the ingredients not being available, can so one say update. Next your website talks about Sushi, also it's in your name of what Tango is sadly and sorry to say they no longer have Sushi at Tango karaoke and sushi bar.  I was part of a party that had gotten a karaoke room found out that the bill was consolidated food and drink, i've had bad experiences with this.  So I went to the bar to order a couple more drinks and the price was different from the first time ordered I ask the bartender why he said there's an upcharge because you are with the group. I just think that to be the most underhanded business tactic in the world. They stated that they have hookah, but they didn't state that the hookah can't be used in the karaoke room you would have to go to the upstairs potion of their establishment.  I was a little disturbed by all of this because it was a monday and they were not busy, but i understand why they where not busy. I don't see this place lasting thru 2020. Food portions need to be enlarged for the price,  2 shrimp rolls   for $12 The decor or ambiance was void of being, really an embarrassment for a center city location.  would have thought I was at the corner bar.
Overpriced. Not a cheap person but I want what I pay for. Came during happy hour and had to ask for happy hour details bartender seemed reluctant to give but eventually did. The belvedere cocktail was all juice. Didn't taste a drop of vodka. I understand they may not want to give as much bc it's at a discounted price however I don't think he put ANY in. So we ordered 1800 shots at normal price ($10)  to compensate and although the shot glass looked an average size it literally was like a thimble size space in the middle.

Food was delicious which is why I even gave 2 stars however the coconut shrimp which at a glance looked quite large and filling however once bitten into we realize the shrimp was a quarter size of the batter that encased it. So pretty much ALL batter with a bit of shrimp. I get you pay for the area you are in so with it being off of Chinatown and surrounded by somewhat "upscale" clubs it's pricier however it should still be quality. Don't see me returning.
I'll be honest I was 50/50 going to this place. But I'm glad my group of friends went there. So the setup is downstairs there is a DJ and upstairs is a Karaoke bar and you can also get private rooms, there were 5 of us so we decided just to have fun in the actual Karaoke bar. We all liked the experience! Singing with every random stranger and of course some dancing. Price here is great! Not expensive and not cheap! We got in around 11:30p and left around 1:30a. It wasn't too crowded for a Saturday. Will be back again to try more food and mixed drinks
Some good things about it:
Drinks are watered down, so you'll stay hydrated 
There are actually people who pay for bottle service, so there's always someone else getting more ripped off than you
The karaoke DJ might forget to play your song, which was a nice way to get rid of those pesky singles in my wallet 
Helped me realize it's not that hard to stay in business
I came here on a Wednesday night with family and coworkers for my birthday. The host at the front door was not welcoming in her demeanor when we asked about the Karoake. Some I was with wanted to leave but I requested that we try the place anyway. We sat at the bar upstairs. The DJ in charge of Karoake was named Chuck and he was very sarcastic and rude the whole night. They did not have a list of songs to pick from and every song we picked they did not have or said something was wrong with their system and it's not playing it. Seeing as though we paid for 5 song request that we didn't get I asked if they could accommodate by letting us sing the next 10 songs, whatever plays.  Especially since the place was pretty much empty. Chuck was very argumentive and uncomprising about the whole situation, he finally gave me the mic after a 5min pointless argument. Later that night he went on to insult me and my singing. The only reason I gave this place 2 stars is because the bartender Sage was a gem and made great drinks. I was looking into this place to hold future corporate events but I will not be back, there are several Karoake bars with a much more upbeat, welcoming tone. I now see why this place is always empty when I look in.
We made a reservation for karaoke and we were promptly brought to our room. The service is very attentive. They provided a tutorial on how to use the computer. I like how there was an option for the singer to sing the songs. There is a switch in the room that you can turn on for service. Great selection of songs. We ordered drinks and foods. Prices were reasonable.
This was my second time going to this restaurant and I enjoyed it. My favorite drink is Fireball. They have this K-Bomb drink. It's Fireball and Angry Orchard. It was my first time trying those two together and it was really good. I order shrimp and chicken fried rice and it was very good. The service was quick and enjoyable. I went here for my friends birthday the first time and we did the karaoke upstairs they have a large selection of songs to choose from and it was fun. I would recommend this place to friends and family.
Tango is aptly named.

It's mad exhausting, on the level of synchronized swimming, gymnastics, running from the cops, doing construction work and seeing your ex post subliminals at you on social media.

The machine that houses the songs is absolute garbage. It's laggy. You cant search by genre. You must search by initials. Songs inadvertently delete. Asian languages are everywhere, can't make English default -- I had to suppress the urge to scream #MAGA. Sad!

Now, of course, I roll with certified geniuses and it still took us forever to figure out how to get the software to work. The buttons on the screen was reminiscent of a plane cockpit.  More buttons than a Steve Harvey suit.

By that time, we were already a half hour in, smh.

To make matters worse, they put us all the way in the back of the building next to the bathroom, shadows and broom closet.  The door wouldn't open without charging at it like an offensive tackle and the room lingered with the smell of urine.

They gave us "15 mins extra" because the room was dirty.

Whoop dee doo.

The food was average, cold and under cooked.

Yippiee!

Next time, I'll stay at the crib and play the Michael Jackson experience on my Nintendo Wii with my fellow general managers and business CEOs.

I need to stop trying to be so damn fancy, smh.
I went here after a concert at the Troc in Philly for after show drinks and eats.  It took more than a few minutes to get served at the bar.  I ordered 3 apps -- crab rangoon, pork dumplings, and chicken fingers.  The food was average.  The crab rangoon tasted like all cream cheese, not much crab.  The pork dumplings were good, and were filled with a nice portion of meat.  The chicken fingers were basically a piece of chicken katsu sliced up, not what I was expecting.  It was okay. The music was way too loud at times, and it was hard to have a table conversation. It served its purpose for getting food after the show, but don't think I would go out of my way to go here anytime soon.
My friend got the private room for the karaoke, she got there and while singing the paper she  misplace her cellphone they didnt wannna show her the camara to see what happend the lady was sassy  as hell the drinks were water down they didnt wanna sell the drinks separately so i said ill get my drink in the bar and they said NO and it was hot as hell.
My cousin recommended I check out this spot. I only came for drinks but it seemed pretty chill. I didn't stay too long but would be interested in the karaoke.
Was excited to take my sister out somewhere fun for her birthday.... we paid for 3 songs to play and after 2 hours none of them played we asked the DJ about it and finally he played one song of ours. When the song came on the DJ came to find us and gave us the microphone for 2 seconds and made a comment under his breath "white girls can't sing". We were extremely taken back considering the point of karaoke is to have fun. The DJ ruined the night for us.
Do you enjoy really loud, yet adjustable, music with a tiny potential of the system glitching, as well as small laser lights dancing and bouncing on the walls into your eyes, while eating somewhat salty, somewhat mediocre food, but yet mysteriously satisfying when the adrenaline of singing the latest songs and drinking the drinks hits your system, all the while having the aggressively helpful service interrupting you every ten minutes?
