We finally made here! We went for happy hour and it was awesome. They have 1/2 off bar snacks, $2 off drafts from 5-7pm. On Tuesdays, they have $2 tacos, $2 tecates, and $5 margs.

We sat at the bar and it wasn't too crowded when we went. The bartender was training someone new so we didn't have the best service but the bartender was still friendly.

We got:
Korean Wings - delicious with a hint of spicy.
$2 tacos - beef and chicken. They don't do plain tacos, the beer one had a special sauce and crispy chips on top. the chicken one was fried chicken with a spicy sauce and toasted coconut. The beef taco was better then the chicken.
fried eggplant bites - AMAZE. SO GOOD. i could not stop eating them!
grilled cheese - they have a specialty grilled cheese everyday. they had the pork roll, egg, and cheese when we went and the BF loved it. It comes with fries and a special sauce to dip. It was good but i couldn't make out what the sauce was!

We cannot wait to go back. Definitely an expensive happy hour but we love this place more then SPTR (south philly tap room).
I have to admit I am a HUGE fan of this spot,it may be small but it surely is a "Gem" located in South Philly. Myself, Vinny P. and Jim H. met up here to grab a few to many libations, share some laughs, and stories, with some bangin ass food. Yes I said "bangin ass" , because  kiddies this is the kinda joint you want to enjoy your night at. Besides the horrific parking situation you'd encounter this corner tap room is nothing short of amazing. 

A constant good vibe with bartenders who are very knowledgeable in the craft scene. We had the pleasure of dealing with Bill and he was on point with everything in which he was pretty solid with his recommendations . From the great crafts on tap that is in constant rotation, and the bottled selections even down to the nice liquor selections Taproom on 19th is on point. You'll surely find something to accommodate your thirst.  

Tap Room has some pretty good appetizers and bar snacks menu that you can look over. This is what we rocked out: 
Wings~ Korean Style ! Dude, I mean DUUUDE these wings had me licking my fingers to the point I was about to gnaw on them thinking I had another wing. A nice subtle kick to them with cashews and sesames sprinkled over top adding more flavor to it. Order it!

For my main course I went with their:
Better Burger Project~  Truly a  carnivores dream burger in which I added  bacon , well their "Insanity Garlic Bacon" to this work of art.  BRRUUHH, Uhh-Maze-ING! This is a  Lamb burger with fresh mozzarella from DiBruno Bros. Oh it gets better, they also went and concocted a cucumber and tomato salsa,  with a rosemary and mint aioli. This master piece was held together on an Italian potato roll that was made in Conshy. That is Conshohocken for those who don't know what "Conshy" means. I am telling you this thing, this beast I had cooked at a medium rare was juicy and flavorful. I along with my partner in crime were making moaning sounds with every bite. It escalated from a "PG" scene to an "R" rated moment while devouring this . Literally this is a must .. A MUST order if you're a burger fanatic like myself.

Great bar, great crew, plenty of TVs for the sporting fan, with an amazing menu. I'm sold,I know I'll be back even if the parking could be a bish.
Totally premature review alert. I had such a good, but brief, experience at Tap Room on 19th that I can't resist sharing it. 

On Saturday, 11/7 they had a big party to celebrate their 2nd anniversary. One of the biggest draws for me was a ridiculously amazing beer list. They also closed off the street for a block party which was pretty cool thing to do.

So the hubby and I stopped by specifically for one beer. The staff was so warm, welcoming and knowledgeable about beer in general. They chatted with us about all things beer and were just really chill people. 

Unfortunately, we had to leave after one drink for another commitment, but we could have stayed there trying different beers and chatting all day.  We left with the immediate urge to go back to this establishment for both the beer and the staff.

Let's just say that I don't feel that enthusiastic about a bar that often.
Great find! Went for 1st time during Philly Beer Week. 11 IPAs on tap; flights of 4 for $10, hell yeah!Had one of the best beers @ PBW; Free Will Mango Habenero  Imperial IPA- unbelievable.

The atmosphere was mellow, open,airy and welcoming.  Excellent service.Great bar tenders who really know their shit when it comes to beers & cocktails.

Did not try or see any food (The amazing Sky Cafe, 3 blocks away was our next stop), but the menu looked interesting.

Another great pub I will definitely be returning to.
Loved it that they're taking the gastropub concept out of Center City and Passyunk East and extending it out to 19th & Ritner. So Tap Room on 19th still has a South Philly neighborhood bar feel to it, but with the happy addition of an excellent beer list, and good food to go with. I recommend always starting with whatever they've got on cask. I also can personally vouch for their housemade veggie burger - such a relief not to have the bland, generic "garden burger" - that they call the Bonzo Burger. Fries (plain, simple but perfectly cooked) were excellent as well. Our bartend was a perfect example of attentiveness. I'm particularly pleased to see that they are participating in Dining Out for Life 2015, Thursday, April 30, and I'm hoping for a great turnout to support a local pub that gives back to the community.
I waited until the third time I ate here before writing a review as I wanted to make sure this place had shed the ghosts of the previous owners.  What. A. Difference.

The decor has been tastefully upgraded mostly by subtraction. New paint (replacing the old horrible yellow), no more tacky, offensive bar signs and CLEAN.  it's like they took off years of filth before opening.  

Staff wise, the full on 180 continues.  From the owners, to bar manager, chef and bar/waitstaff, everyone is approachable, friendly and knowledgeable without being snobbish as can be the case in today's craft beer oriented bars.  

The beer and liquor selection is great, satisfying both the 'neighborhood' and 'hipster' demographic. From 13 rotating craft draughts and a bottle of 23 year old pappy van winkle down to miller high life and PBR pounders (CITY WIDE)  they have your bases covered.  The craft draught selection changed each time I was there but was always a good mix of styles and local vs west coast/regional. 

Ahh, the food.  First I had the Le Frieda burger. Next the pig destroyer and finally a special-crab fries with actual crab meat.  All were top notch.  A friend had fish and chips once and a chili dog the next time and raved both times. 

All in all, an amazing upgrade overall from the previous owners and a great mix of clientele and style.  With places like sptr getting too full of themselves, this is the new vanguard of craft beer Gastropub in south philly.
Went for Crab Fest (9/5/15). Took 20 minutes to order even though no one in line before us. Cooks very disorganized. Crabs water logged. Corn burned on one side, raw on other. Beer inside over priced. Seems like  a nice thing to do for the neighborhood w water slide for kids, but this was the worst food I've eaten in 5 years and a cluster fuck in terms of organization.
http://youtu.be/3gBJE_XxkaM (vid might improve the mood of you Eagles fans!)

I was here for the second time last night to watch the Eagles playoff game (loss!) with @PhillyFoodDude.

If you are like me, it's hard to find a decent place to watch a game. Most bars are too big, too noisy, and the food usually leaves a lot to be desired. The bars with great drinks and food also tend not to be well set up for watching a game. I'd rather stay home.

TR19 is a pleasant change from this pattern...

Previously a neighborhood hangout in the Girard Estate area of South Philly, it has been around for a few years, but was recently bought out by co-owners Michael and Pete. This is their very first bar or restaurant venture. They closed down, did some remodeling (nothing fancy, but an attractive interior), and opened again in early November.

If you are looking for a good place to watch the BCS championship tomorrow night, this is it. The vibe is kind of a cross between a local's bar and a gastropub and it's small enough that the crowd doesn't get too loud. The long thin room has counter seating and 4 top tables along the bar and a small dining area in the back (the upstairs room is not being fully utilized yet, but is set up with tables and a plasma screen). Importantly, the 3 large plasma screens and speaker system downstairs make for great viewing in the bar, but maybe less so in the back dining area.

And most importantly, the food is excellent... Chef Jennifer Choplin, who you may remember from The Butcher & The Brewer and then SoWe, was hired on as chef, and her cooking turns this from a local's hangout to great destination to watch the game, even if you don't live nearby.

In a Michael Klein interview, they described the menu as "upscale comfort stoner food." I don't know what that means, but it's damn tasty bar food.

~Caramelized Pork Belly snacks with maple mustard ($5)--Imagine crispy little french fries that are actually made from pork belly, these were really good, but as you might imagine, super rich. I'd never be able to finish a whole serving by myself.

~Bangers (2) & Mash...authentic irish sausages, chard mash, mushroom sauce ($15)--These are, dare I say it, banging bangers & mash! The sausages are custom made by Sam Jacobson, the chef from Southwark and are just killer.

~Pork Roll sandwich (see photo)--Talyor pork roll, a sunnyside-up egg, and melted cheddar cheese on a roll...PhillyFoodDude had to explain to me that "Pork Roll" is a Jersey thing (particularly Trenton). Whatever, dude, this is a very simple sounding, but ultimately greater-then-the-sum-of-its-parts sandwich. I could eat these all day, every day (and apparently even though they are not on the dinner menu, they are available all day). Comes with a salad but we subbed some excellent fries and dipping sauce (although I think we got the end of the day's fries, since they were quite a lot of little nubbins). According to Wikipedia, this is also known as the "Jersey Breakfast". Clearly I'm not from around here.

Quality tap list that is constantly changing, plus about 20 by the bottle.  Also some excellent cocktails, of which I tried a tequila/citrus drink (with tabasco I think), which was so good I had a second.

Taps last night:
~Stone IPA
~Fuller's ESB
~Wolaver's Oatmeal Stout (very smooth drinking)
~Bell's Kalamazoo Stout
~Ballast Point Big Eye IPA
~Great Divide Hibernation Old English Ale
~Petrus Aged Pale Ale
~Cigar City Florida Cracker White Ale
~Boulder Shake Chocolate Porter (tastes just like a un-sweet chocolate shake!)
~Boulder Mojo IPA Nitro
~Yuengling Lord Chesterfield Ale
~Strongbow Dry English Cider
~Stoudt's Big Nasty Imperial IPA

Apparently they are on the Deschutes Brewery (a hot property recently) distribution list too.

On Tuesdays, they do $2 tacos all day. Or for $7 you can get a taco, a Corona and a shot of Tequila!

Great (cute!) bartenders, owners on premises. Street parking, which would normally scare me away, but call Michael and he'll tell you the trick that will make it easy for you.

Some additional photos:
https://twitter.com/CaskandMouse/status/416327586223243265/photo/1
https://twitter.com/JenniferChoplin/status/418514241323155456/photo/1
https://twitter.com/CaskandMouse/status/414159433812684801/photo/1

Damn...I want another one of those Pork Roll thingys right now!
These other reviews have to be fake, because this place is just awful. 

My girlfriend and I came on a Monday, and we ordered two drinks and two burgers. I should have known something was off when we got an aggressive eye roll when I asked what salad dressing is used to the salad. 

Fast forward 30 minutes, our waitress has not checked on us once, hasn't made eye contact with us once, and is having a beer behind the bar (real professional).  I ask another server for an update, and the server says he will check. Lo and behold, the order was never put in. A normal establishment would apologize, but not here. No that's not what this place values. They ask us if we still want the burgers and they will expedite it. 

They bring out our burgers 4 minutes later and they are both completely undercooked. The middle of the clearly microwaved patty is Ostrich pink.

I ask the server if we can send this back and have the check. Once again, zero apology. 

I rarely say this but on MLK I feel like it is my duty. You won't find a lot of minorities in this bar, and I can tell you firsthand that it is by design. It is 2016 in the 5th largest city in the country, get over it.
Philly is a dump... Sorry but it is. Every time we as a flight crew get the opportunity to eat in Philly I become severely depressed because the crew always wants to settle on Ruby Tuesdays. Gross. 

Well not today. Found this little gem. Probably the nicest place in the neighborhood, as the row houses are traditionally slummy. Parking is a nightmare but we happened to score a spot right up front. (Watch your door! Brick tree boxes will scratch the shit out of your car.) 

Monday's were half off burgers! Awesome! The non-foodie others got burgers - 100% grass fed beef. The beet burger was phenomenal. The General Tsos cauliflower was fantastic. I wanted everything else on the menu too! 2 people out of there with full bellies for under $30... Heck yeah!! I'll be back.
I've been patronizing this bar for over 6 years now. Saw it change owners but 1 thing was a given until now the servers and bartenders were always customer oriented. Well NOT ANYMORE!! There's a bartender named Mark who's is down right miserable, nasty, and definitely has to change professions!!!! He gets "upset" when the patrons such as myself are having a good time. Granted I'm not quiet by any stretch but, sweetie if you want to work in a quite atmosphere become a librarian not a bartender! Needless to say I won't be returning! My advice is is if your vocal and don't want to be scolded  for being as such STAY OUT OF THE TAP ROOM ON 19th WHEN MARKS WORKING which, I know is on Mondays I'm not sure of the rest of the grinch who stole good out of good times schedule!!! We wouldn't want to upset him by paying customers actually enjoying themselves! I didn't rush into writing this because I am in the business and wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt. This was the third time I had the displeasure of being in the receiving end Marks sour disposition and trust there WILL NEVER BE A FORTH!!!! Oh and an update the owner just sent me a nasty message in the form of a compliment on Yelp as well. So you see how much of a dump this place truly is!!!!! Obviously we have very different opinions what happened! The back and forth between the taproom because of my post tells me you guys aren't professional just as I stated above. Your trying to get me to accept poor costumer service and I won't!!!
Know before you go - parking in this area is an atrocious nightmare. It's the Wild West with a generous helping of hell. You have now entered a battle of wits with the parking gods of South Philly and you're gonna lose. The only laws are there are no laws. Only the strong survive. Get ready. By the time I finally got a chance to sit down here and eat some of the food, I was parked with two wheels on a sidewalk next to an entire block of people doing the same. No Rules. Just wrong.

All that being said, this is a solid, wonderful joint. The chicken wings have meat that just leaps from the bone into your stomach. The sauce is delightfully sweet and a fun break from more traditional buffalo wings. The pork belly bites appetizer is excellent, as it combines the deliciousness of pork with the convenience of a bite-sized chip. Jenn Choplin is a powerful chef and I look forward to consuming more of her creations.

The staff here is very invested in what they are doing. The bartenders are very friendly and, if you're nice, you're going to get a shot for no reason at all.

I'm a big fan of Tap Room on 19th. Although it's a little off the beaten path, it's worth checking out.
Love this spot! Staff is friendly, food is amazing, and the draft list is always great!

Half-prices burgers on Mondays. And their burgers are easily one the best in the city. Also among the best in the city are the wings. I recommend the Korean BBQ. And if you can handle spicy, get you some General Tso's cauliflower - we come back just for that!

Great happy hour specials too! This place is a neighborhood gem!
I saw Tap Room on 19th on the Eater Philly burger map a few weeks ago, and remembered seeing that Mondays were half-price burger nights. So when furniture delivery took longer than anticipated, I suggested we head down there for a (half price) burger. We arrived to see the bartender/server squeezing fresh lime juice at the bar. Good sign! We sat outside and he promptly brought us menus. I almost died and went to heaven when I saw their signature cocktails are $7! I got the gin and juice (gin, grapefruit, lemon, elderflower syrup) and my husband got one with bourbon, lemon, and elderflower syrup. Delish! Our burgers came quickly, perfectly cooked to temp. The red onion marmalade was awesome. I got mine with a fried egg...I wish I had done the garlic insanity bacon instead (though the egg was perfectly cooked, so no fault of theirs!). Excellent burgers, drinks, and service. The rest of the menu looked awesome, too. Oh, and plenty of parking in the area! Check it out
Great local bar- just what south philly needs! Amazing friendly staff, great selection of draft beers, and wonderful food!
Messed up our order twice, food was blah. My wife's cheese steak had pork (bacon) in it which she doesn't eat and didn't order. Definitely wouldn't go back, but not the worst deep south philly bar to grab a meal, I guess. The waitress was super friendly, but she didn't comp us for the part of the order which she messed up. She should have taken it off the bill immediately.
This establishment has an old school neighborhood look and feel. Being a local, that's an important trait for a bar, pub, gastro etc. I had the unfortunate pleasure of eating here for the first and last time. One would think that a "gastropub" in the neighborhood in which its located would cater more to the local crowd and not the touristy, faux foodie types. 

The food menu is very limited and boasts more than it actually delivers. I ordered the Cheese curds....very simple and easy to prepare but got six for $10. That was strike 1. The Japanese chicken seemed more like a Frankenstein creation that a toddler created out of subpar scraps of chicken. Strike 2. The beer selection was pretty decent and they had local favorites (always a plus) but $6 for an 8 oz dixie cup of beer? You can go to fishtown or olde city and get a full pint for $5. 

I had high hopes for this place but it fell very short of anything close to what I expected. But hey, if you liked overpriced food that makes you regret walking in the door? By all means indulge.....then go to a real gastropub that can satisfy you with properly priced food and drinks.
Tap burger is a must and don't change a thing. Come hungry and be ready to be blessed with heavy greatness.
Checked out Tap Room on 19th with a large group for brunch a couple weekends ago. The staff put us upstairs in a private room which was awesome, but said room got LOUD pretty quickly. Not sure how often they plan to have private events up there but some sort of soundproofing might be helpful. Everyone we encountered from the restaurant was super friendly and helpful. 

There were about ten or twelve breakfast items and I went with the Big Nasty which listed potatoes, cheese and chorizo amongst its ingredients. Not listed were eggs and toast, so I asked to add on eggs and wheat toast. Our server came back to say that they did not have wheat toast, only sourdough, so I opted out. 

We waited quite a while for our food. Eventually it started to roll out, but after half the table received their meals, there was a long pause before the rest of the table received food. Finally, the Big Nasty arrived, and I was surprised to see that it was served over a huge toasted roll with a heaping side of fries, neither of which were mentioned in the description. The fries were a happy surprise (hello, fries!) and they were quite tasty. But I didn't really need a double dose of potatoes between the fries and the potatoes in the scramble. Meanwhile, my friend's Monte Carlo sandwich was looking pretty darn tasty. I'll admit I had a bit of food envy. 

Tap Room on 19th is definitely a hike for me, but I bet the folks who live in the area are stoked to see a gastropub in their neighborhood. The cozy downstairs bar looked really inviting, so perhaps I'll find myself back sometime for a beer and a bite.
I've been to this place twice.  The first time was great.  I went with a friend who knew the bartender.  We had excellent service, a good appetizer (homemade chips and dip) and the bar was packed.  It was a good experience.  The second time, however, was terrible.  I went with my boyfriend on a Saturday night in the summer, around dinner time.  We walk in and there is one person at the bar and two bartenders and they seem to be talking and having an ok time.  No one else in the whole place.  We sit down at the bar, order beers and look at the food menu.  The bartenders and the guy at the bar were complaining loudly about past bar guests the whole time we were sitting there, which struck me as very unprofessional.  I get it that they were probably miserable with a completely empty bar, but they were creating a super negative environment and it made us very uncomfortable.  We ordered food anyway, hoping that more people would show up.  I got a bbq pork belly grilled cheese, which turned out to be toasted bread, unmelted shredded orange cheddar and extremely overcooked and inedible thick cut bacon, all drenched in store bought bbq sauce.  My boyfriend got a fried chicken sandwich, which was drenched in an awful mayonnaise based sauce and also tasted terrible.  During this time, a woman came into the bar so the drunk (only) guy at the bar started harassing her.  At this point, we chugged our beers, got our tab and ran out the door, never to return again.  Oh, and the whole time we were there, the soundtrack was mostly Sublime songs, along with a smattering of other terrible 90's radio hits.
I read about this pub on some visitphilly or uwishunu article about the best burgers in the city. I bookmarked this place in case I was ever hungry on the way home from a game since I don't spend a lot of time outside of Center City when I'm in town. I finally had a reason to come here last weekend when East Passyunk turned into Arctic Ave, and I can say that I am SO happy with that decision.

First of all, MACARONI AND CHEESE FRIES. Let that sink in. A plate of french fries, topped with some delicious macaroni and cheese, with a seemingly frivolous (but so necessary) fried egg on top. Do it.

Then, burgers. I ordered the tap burger, and all by itself it was amazing. I tried it with and without the aioli, and honestly I thought the flavors worked well together without it.

The service got a little slow at times, but I think the bartenders were doubling as waiters so I wasn't too peeved by it. I nearly had to roll myself out of there.

I will absolutely be back! The macaroni and cheese fries and burger were a good enough reason to be in that area all by themselves!
Well, not really much to rave about here. Stopped in on a Friday night and the interior was very gastropub-y. The bartender greeted us and handed us menus once we said we wanted to have dinner. They had a few specials that night so we decided to try the pan seared salmon with asparagus and the veal picatta with spaghetti and lemon and capers. Our food arrives and both of our meals were oddly played on super small plates. Not like tapas style plates but like sharing plates. VERY odd and hard to eat as I didn't want any of my food to slip off the plate onto the table. I will say the veal was perfectly seasoned and cooked. The lemon and capers also did the spaghetti a huge justice. The salmon on the other hand could've used additional seasoning and the asparagus was blah as well. Food seems to be hit or miss so we probably won't be back, which isn't worth what they charge.
Tap Room on 19th has a new owner and it's awesome. It's always been on the same street as some of the South Philly classics - Potito's, Cacia's, Dad's Stuffings, Primo's - in Girard Estates.

We live in the neighborhood and were very curious about the change of ownership, so went for drinks and some appetizers on their opening night last Friday, 11/8. The list of beer on tap is extensive and they have some enticing new cocktails on the menu. Chef Jennifer Choplin of SoWe is now on board, and my god, you can tell. The two small plates we had were exceptional - Pork Belly Bites were perfectly crispy with a delicious mustard, and Bacon Wrapped Dates were stuffed with blue cheese and were fricken awesome. I know, two bacon-y dishes are pretty much cheating, but it was GREAT BACON and the rest of the menu looks fantastical. The bartenders, while not necessarily the type of people to perpetuate bikini-top Fridays, were super friendly and knowledgeable about the food and drink menu even though it was only their first night. We had a great experience and got to meet the owner, who is the nicest and definitely opened his restaurant for all the right reasons.

Where the old tap room on 19th was a bar with food, the new one is a serious restaurant with a serious bar. Much more South Philly Tap Room style - maybe better. Definitely worth checking out.
http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/the-insider/Tap-Room-on-19th-changing-hands.html
These reviews must be biased and fake. Ive tried to eat here 5 times.  Will never return. One good bartender left months ago because he saw writing on the wall. Its really a shame becuase there arent many places to go on this side of town. 1st time had a good burger, temp right, bacon cooked good, bun held up, fries were fresh and crisp and arugula salad was on point. The other four times...not so much. Owners and chef hammered at bar conversing with employees, burger well done, fries were so oily and soggy i could have rung out the fries and coated my whole family with the oil and gone to the beach for a week. Ordered heirloom tom blt. Comes out soggy white bread globs of mayo two thin slices of reg tom, charred yet raw bacon and no lettuce. Nasty ass fries again. Order cheesteak with bacon. No bacon and arugula salad came out as thinly sliced romaine with a gratey gingeresque texture creamy suspect dressing. Eat at your own risk. Pretty sad and gross for a promising location. Will never go back. Oh and  2 out of 3 burgers well yet soggy when ordered med rare. And squash sandwich was foul. Not to mention the lack of attention from the bar staff. At times ive sat there for 20 mins while the owner and chef shoot the shit with the bartender at the far end of the bar.
Came here with my friends for taco Tuesday and happy hour! The Margs were delicious we had 3 each at $5. The best taco was the hot dog. The best bar snacks were the arancini and deviled eggs.
This place was the business.

I had been meaning to get back to TR19 for a while now and finally I found some willing participants to join me in my quest.  This is a great neighborhood place with a solid beer list and some awesome food to boot.  Let's get right to the hits.

The korean wings were wonderful.  Super crispy, a little tang and exactly what I needed to start off my meal.

The better burger project which was made with La Freida ground lamb mixed with mushrooms and a host of other items was just perfect.  It was one of those burgers that saddened me when I was finished eating it.  I wanted more.

Even though it's a little out of the way for me, I will gladly uber down here anytime someone asks.  I know I'm going to drink some great beer and have a wonderful meal.
I love this place. We've gone to brunch, lunch and dinner here a bunch of times and it's always been great. Always a nice crowd and the staff is friendly and funny. Everything we've had on the menu has been solid, high end comfort food. This is what so many other newer places in South Philly are trying to be, but Tap Room On 19th gets it right. Every single time.
Tap Room on 19th had me at Carmelized Pork Belly Snacks! Chef Jen kept me coming back for Bacon Wrapped Dates, awesome lamb burger and a delicious brunch organized by Yelp's very own Rebecca S.! Bangers and Mash (made by Philly fave Sam Jacobson), GET IT.

Most recently I enjoyed a pop up with Pat Canciellere of 943 BYOB fame! How I missed his empanadas, tender octopus  sweetbreads with delicious garlicky chimichurri and homemade chorizo! Let's not forget his wife Dawn's Alfajores (cookies filled with dulce de leche).

TR19's bar has a great selection of beers and interesting cocktails. I've enjoyed the Gin and Juice, Bloody Mary and a few others that I can't quite remember. The bartenders are knowledgable, so if you don't know exactly what you want, tell them what you like and they will come up with something. They did for me!
Service was outstanding at this place. I went here with my fiancée on a Friday night and we sat at the first level bar. There was only one bartender behind the bar but the service was STILL excellent. They have food and drink specials from 5pm-7pm. We tried to order the Mac and Cheese fries we saw online and even though they were no longer in the menu, they still made them for us. That was very nice of them. We also tried the empanadas and the burger and they were delicious. There is free street parking available in the area. We will be going back to this place!
This is my new place to go in Philly. The food is delicious. I haven't had a dish I did not like here. I bring all of my friends here now, and they all rave about it as well. I don't mind paying a bit extra for "clean" food, in the sense that they use locally sourced food, as much as possible is organic, and it is just delicious. 

The bartenders are awesome and friendly and the owners are on site and actually interact with customers. That is really cool if you ask me, it really makes me feel welcome. 

This is not an upscale fancy place, it has an extremely casual ambiance that has made me comfortable bringing a variety of types of people and the other patrons are personable in my experience. It is the kind of bar where you can talk to the group sitting next to you and make friends. 

Anything with pork in it here is probably going to make you a happy camper, so that is where my orders have leaned. I haven't tried the entrees or sandwhiches yet, I generally stick to getting 3-5 appetizers and treat it like a "tapas" situation and while I'm normally a wine or liquor person, I usually drink beer here because they have what looked like 10-12 on quality ones on  tap including cider, and another bunch of quality bottled beers. I think they offer the other standard bar beers, like miller and budweiser or pbr, but they have a really great variety of local brews so I don't really bother with those. 

I love this place. It is a pain in the ass for me to get to from where I live in the city, but it is worth the trek, and I try to go at least once a week. They are starting brunch soon, I saw the menu but haven't tried it yet, so I will update my review at that time.
This place is awesome. Great specials, awesome menu, and Melissa is by far one of the coolest, personable and on point servers I've ever had! Thanks for making it an awesome time!
What a great surprise! This place is amazing. 

Best fried chicken sandwich I've had in the city of Philadelphia, and I enjoyed a pint from a freshly tapped keg from a new PA-based brewery. The meal was freshly prepared with local ingredients and the entire atmosphere was chill, friendly and welcoming.

The "Cider Jawn" hit the spot!
I really wanted to like this place and this is based on one experience so maybe it was just a fluke but my boyfriend and I went down there to grab a few beers and for their St. Pattys day specials that they were offering. We get there and there are no St. Pattys decorations, no Guinness or ANY Irish beer or specials and maybe one person was dressed in green. The bartender was nice but the beers seemed overpriced (compared with a number of bars in South Philly) and the food was really not good (now this might be because it was one of those cheap specials deal-just to be fair). I have a suspicion people like this place because they don't have better options in that area. With places like POPE, Devil's Den, South Philly Taproom, etc., I'm not rushing back here anytime soon...
Finally made it here for the burger and it did not disappoint. The space is really nice and cozy, the people are awesome, and most importantly the food is top notch. Made it over to Taproom to try the sandwich that was voted best sandwich in Philly Mag, the El Diablo Sucia. So get there and check the beer selection out which is big and then order some arancini along with the El Diablo which came with spicy cheese fries and a burger cooked medium rare. The speical sandwich was phenomenal no other word for it and the cheese fries were awesome as usual. The burger though stole the show, the burger was cooked to perfection and was juicy and flavorful and most importantly the bun held up throughout the whole experience. I will be back soon, probably on a Monday for 1/2 price burgers or Tuesday for taco night!
Great atmosphere, great food, and a great staff. The bartender Seamus has a cock like a Burmese python. I will be returning
I was prompted to write this review merely as a joke to the owner and friend that I would be the 100th review - but honestly, I don't know what's taken me so long to get around to it. I could tell you about the old days of the Taproom before its new ownership and how the new crew has brought new life to the neighborhood bar. I could tell you about the fond memories of their opening day, laughing and singing while helping to get things spiffed up for their first customers. Truth be told though, you don't care about any of that. You're reading this because you want to know about the restaurant/bar and if you should visit. 

The short answer is - the place is solid and yes you should visit. 

In the last 3 years (happy almost 3 year birthday TR19!) Mike, Pete, and their past and present team have given me a reason to visit deep South Philly even on days when I'm not in the area for work. I've had everything from smoked bbq chicken wings and pizza boats, to backyard grilled burgers and cheese plates with delicious locally sourced honey. The menu is always changing and so varied that there's something on here for everyone.

The food is solid, somewhat experimental, and the beer and cocktail list are constantly evolving -  now that Chris Ritter is commandeering the kitchen, you're guaranteed to get mouthfuls of flavor with Asian inspiration rotating through the menu and specials.  Burger Mondays are the main reason why my co-workers have fallen in love with the Taproom, the chill atmosphere of a Saturday or Sunday afternoon makes this a common meeting place with friends, and now that I am responsible for flying candidates into the South Philadelphia area for interviews with my company - TR19 is regularly on their itinerary as a local staple for dinner and a quick beer. 

If the food and libations aren't enough to get you here, check out any one of their many many special events. Whether it's Memorial Day, a crab boil, food truck roundup, or just plain "we're shutting down the street get your asses down here" kind of weekend - you're going to be hard pressed to find another establishment in the neighborhood that throws their level of block parties with inflatable water slides, bounce houses, BBQ and local favorite beer vendors. This is a place that is all about bringing the neighborhood together and I know that their regulars appreciate it. Don't think that you you have to live in South Philly to have an appreciation for this kind of bar and the type of people who hang here - this is an everybody kind of place that I am happy to have in my regular rotation.
Stopped for breakfast on Sunday. Had a Bloody Mary and the charred asparagus with bacon and an egg. The food was amazing, so flavorful and the drink only average. Tasted like strained tomato water. Should have had a beer instead. They had lots on tap.
This place rocks!!!!  If you want a relaxed atmosphere and genuine hospitality from the entire staff, plus excellent food and beers than this place is for you.
Not a better place to be found in the neighborhood ! Taco Tuesday is yummy. The staff is the best .....  We will return way way WAY too often.
So glad that there is new life in the neighborhood. Much more welcoming and friendly! It's great to see Craig putting some finesse on the beverage menu without over complicating things.

I adored the "California Love" -- a tequila based cocktail with some heat!

Also, Who can say no to "Taco Tuesdays" ?!? 
I enjoyed a veggie and a chorizo taco, but my salad with greens and strawberries stole the show.

The food here is solid. I don't think it's meant to knock your socks off, but it's quite tasty and there is a decent array of flavors.  I like to see menus where there is a little something for everybody and this menu has that. As much as I love a good burger, Some of the vegetarian options look so good I'll be checking them out next time!
First time there a few weeks ago and was pleased with my visit. The food was good and service was great!
Have given this place several chances. Have always gotten awful unfriendly service. Even when it has been empty or under 10 patrons, I have been treated like an afterthought and my friends and I have been kept waiting inexplicably without refills, without utensils after our food came out and most of the time just forgotten about. Really not much more to say. Will not be going back.
I love this place!!!!!!!!! Thank god they took ove,r a little piece of non south philly for this non south Philly chick. Good food and super nice staff :)
Tap Room On 19th is one of those places I meant to visit for years but was always too lazy to actually make the trip. After a local gathering recently at the new brewery, our friend group moved here and I realized I recognized the immediate neighborhood. Turns out the place is like half a block from where my paternal grandparents used to live back in the day! How neat.

So anyway, it was a busy Friday evening but I walked up to the bar and was instantly served. I ordered by number, which was probably weird and not something I'd usually do, but they make it easy to order by number and I did get the right beer so I guess it wasn't an issue.

Their tap list is strong and offers a good range of beers. I also tried a bite of a cheesesteak that was brought out for a friend. It was delicious! I need to go back and have a real meal one of these days.

Also, word to the wise: lock the bathroom door behind you. If you fail to and you use the back one, the whole room will get a show. I'm pretty sure dude didn't even notice when I opened (and shut the door as fast as possible!) but other rando folks did and thought it was hilarious. Whoops.

The atmosphere was fun and now that I've actually made the step of, you know, walking in the front door, I'm sure it'll be easier to return in the future -- perhaps in the summer when they host fun events and what-not. It certainly seems to be a South Philly gem!
Had lunch here yesterday (Friday 4/8/16) & the food was awesome & service was great!! The Bartender was super nice & I had a great burger cooked perfectly. Also idk if it was the owner or just a employee sitting next to us, but he was super nice & helpful as well. (Helped me decide on getting a Mac his opinion was helpfully always been up in the air on this purchase) When the bartender got busy he got us drinks!! Thank You mystery man you were a great help too. 
I strongly recommend this place!!!
THE PERFECT NEIGHBORHOOD BAR AND GASTROPUB

OVERALL: Awesome place to go with a really nice neighborhood feel. I actually ended up chatting with the owner, Pete, for a good part of the night, and he really hit it on the head when he described his goal of opening up a local neighborhood bar that was also a well-done craft beer bar.

BEER: The beer selection was smaller, but everything they had was pretty awesome. My fiancee and I had Big Black Voodoo Daddy, Jai Alai, and 21st Amendment Back in Black while we were there. Beers ran about $5-8 depending on the beer (Big Black Voodoo Daddy was reasonably priced at $7 for a 10oz pour). There were great selections from Victory, CCB, Lagunitas, Stone, and others. A nice mix of local craft and well-rated national craft brews.

FOOD: Pretty good food at reasonable prices. The food quality was also more gastropub than regular pub fair, which is fine by me. We had the chorizo poutine, which was nicely spiced and cheesed, although I wish they had used cheese curd instead of just grated cheese. The tacos were pretty excellent for $2 Taco Tuesday, and the Beet Chips were different and delightful. 

ATMOSPHERE: Definitely laid back, relaxed, and neighborhood-y. Jeans, shorts, t-shirt kinda place - great TVs to watch the game, friendly bartenders, and the feeling that you could just start up a conversation with anyone around you. A little cramped, but it was a great spot to be at if you can land a seat at the bar. I personally felt overdressed in my shirt and tie from work, but what can you do.

PRICE:  Pricing is pretty reasonable for all the drinks, and there are ALWAYS great food specials going on.  I wish I lived closer to this place - I"D BE HERE ALL THE TIME
I've been coming here for at least a year and I had high hopes for this place. The food and drink seemed great and it seemed to get better every time I was there. In the last few times I have been there, something shifted. The food hasn't been consistent, the bar hasn't been stocked with what I want to drink, and the bartenders seem to not be bothered with me despite me giving consistent business to them. I'm not going back unless I have to. I'm very disappointed bc I really thought this could be my off the beaten path place.
Another wonderful bar in deep south philly.  It's rather dangerous that my work bus drops me off on this block everyday now that I know how delicious the food and cocktails are!  And during happy hour?  Intimate and homey atmosphere?  TAKE ALL MY MONEY!

So far, I've only had the happy hour specials - General Tso's Cauliflower, Korean Wings, and Buffalo Wings.  All three are amazing and for half-price this happy hour really can't be beat.  I've tried every gin cocktail they had and still dream about the strawberry infused tequila.

I will definitely be back to try Taco Tuesdays and Burger Mondays.
Great beer & cocktail list and the menu...we had the shrimp tostadas, Shepard's pie croquettes & venison chili. Every thing was fantastic! This place is a gem in the heart of South Philly. I can't wait to try the rest of the menu. Also, the vibe is comfortable and the service is great. Perfect neighborhood gastropub.
Great gastropub food in south philly.  Small place but grun and beer were on point, and the service was awesome too.  We had the crab fries, wings, and chicken parm....all were good.
Favorite corner bar in south philly. This place is great and has a relaxing laid back atmosphere. Huge selection of beers and cocktails on top of that, the food is amazing. Also all of the workers are awesome
I made a visit to the Taproom On 19th yesterday. I enjoyed everything about this place. The bartender was nice, very attentive, helpful and very knowledgeable about beer and wines and informed me of a few upcomming events. the other staff working or about to start their shifts were also personable and friendly. One of the owners (i think) let me sample a laguanitas test beer, which was way oool.
     The food i had was way above average! Being social media friends of theirs, i saw a picture of a scallop entree on friday. I had to have it! The plate was well constructed. 2 large pan seared scallops over a bacon herbed vinaigrette accompanied with a warm salad of kale,cauliflower and mitake mushrooms. it paired well with a suggested new zealand sauvignon blanc. light with citrus notes.
     The chef Jennifer Choplin stopped over and chatted with me for a minute, which i appreciate. She deserves the praise. Very talented!
     I got a sandwich to go, The Pig Destroyer! which was slammin! braised pork sholder with house cured pork belly and a pickled cabbage. definately get this! the fries were cut in house and served with a remulade like sauce. the bread was seemed to be an artesinal sourdough perhaps which is a little different than the brioche rolls you get at most places.
     This is my first review ever, it seemed well deserved! i would like to stop by more often. I have a busy schedule. i am looking forward to trying everything else on the menu!  Thanks to everyone that is working over there! Give em a play!
The best goddam bar around. Great food. Always fantastic beers to choose from.  Great atmosphere, great service. You can't ask for anything more than what you'll find at TR19.  Get there. Eat. Drink. Be happy.
Awesome neighborhood bar. I move to the Girard Estates area from EPA and it took me a few months to go there for dinner and drinks(not sure why it took so long). They have decent daily specials and the food has always been great.  Check out Taco Tuesday.  I wish there were more taprooms in this neighborhood.
Nice variety of draft craft beers.  Very committed to serving local produce.  Lamb burger was delicious and filling.  I recommend adding the chipotle mayonnaise for some added spice!
A great neighborhood spot! The atmosphere is very laid back, lots of lights and artwork hung up. The music was also on point. I went for happy hour (5-7). They offer half off wings and tso cauliflower. I ordered the cauliflower and it was quite tasty. I added a picture below. The draft beer is $2 off and $1 off of cans. 

I wish they had more food options for happy hour. With limited choices, it won't take long to get burnt out. I added a picture of the Mac n cheese as well. It was okay. Don't think it will be a repeat order for
Well, I have to say from my last review this place has got its act together and I am so glad to be back.
The bartenders on Monday are perfect and attentive.
Food is on point. Service is perfect. That is what I am talking about.
Great job.
Awesome place, South Philly must! It's elbow to elbow and the staff is just amazing. Friendly, attentive to perfection, and the food is fantastic. We are all loving the South Philly neighborhood banter and roars of laughter. Don't miss the great draft beers!
Its an alright neighborhood bar cheap drinks and great food and nice bartenders no more drinking and driving as this is just around the corner from the hood, wiz wit cheeseteak is great and it dis hit the spot
There's a good chance you'll find me here at a Friday happy hour. A very good chance. 

The Tap Burger is simple, delicious and great with a beer after work. Or a barrel-aged manhattan, if you're feeling saucy. 

It's a neighborhood corner joint, but not like 'no windows, deep South Philly' corner joint. Not that there is anything wrong with that; it's just that Taproom is actually welcoming. 

Either way the place has good food, lots of beer options, barreled beverages, and a wonderful neighborhood feel.
Local vibe but very welcoming. Our server was incredible--great sense of humor too. I ordered the BBQ burger and it was MASSIVE. One of the best burgers I've ever had.  Can't wait to go back and try other items as well as the variety of beers.
New menu is awesome! We went on a weeknight and brought our 2 kids for dinner. All 4 of us are vegetarians. Food was delicious and we pretty much licked every plate clean. Everyone - owner, manager, chef, sous-chef - came over to introduce themselves and check on us. They offered to make custom dishes for the kids. Service, beers, and food were top-notch. This is a fabulous addition to the neighborhood!
I had previously wrote an irritated review, but returned to give the new chef/menu a second chance and was more than pleasantly surprised. It seems the rough patches from their transitional stage have been ironed out. The drinks were great and the food was delicious. The korean wings were crunchy and perfectly seasoned. Huevos were fantastic and the waffle fried chix was a cool reinterpretation of their old mainstay, waffles and fried chicken. Instead of stacking the two, the chicken is battered with waffle and is served with a sriracha maple syrup. Seriously good stuff.

Very fair prices and a developed menu that includes a mix of classics and newer dishes. Always a nice crowd there too .Definitely worth checking this place out.
Yum. And Fun. 

My fiancé and I love visiting Tap Room on 19th - we are regulars for brunch on Sunday mornings...that typically dwindle on to an early dinner or snacks. The food is great. The bartenders and staff are very friendly and everything is always served quickly. The tone is always upbeat. Love it.
I was craving a good burger so I decided to order from UberEats. My food came quickly and look great at first. I've ordered from Tap Room on 19th many times. I used to love their burgers up until today. I always order my burgers medium well and have never had an issue before. But today I was sent an undercooked burger. The burger was practically raw. I sent UberEats photos and nothing was done to fix my order. Called the restaurant and they told me to screw off. Basically they cooked everything right and would not remake the burger. Don't waste your time here. As a repeated customers, I would have hoped for better customer service. They do not value their customers at all. I feel like I'm not valued at all. I will not order again. They just lost a regular customer.
Went for Taco Tuesday...3 different taco options. I had 1 of each and they were all delicious. Saw many other dishes coming out of the kitchen that looked really delicious. Can't wait to go back and something else.
Good food and decent selection of beers. The bartender was so helpful and nice, she gave us some good recommendations and allowed us to try some beers before we were ready to drink a full glass of it. Everyone their is super chill and friendly, happy hour is the best time to come here. If someone is looking for a chill place to grab a beer I would recommend this place!
I'm not vegetarian, I rarely eat/ order  meat but the LAMB BURGER was truly AMAZING (crave worthy). Take out 6-pack beer PRICEY. Excellent COSMO while drinking in-house. ENJOY
This should really be 3.5 stars because I DID enjoy myself and enjoyed my meal, but when reviewing brunch, one must take into account the amazing brunches around this fine city, thus the 3.5 stars.  It was GOOD, but not OMG amazingness great.  

I came here for brunch with the Yelp UYE last week, and we had a great time.  I loved the $4 mimosas or bloody mary's or other breakfast cocktails, great price!  For my meal I had the Monte Cristo, which they served with turkey, thick cut bacon, and white cheddar, on french toast of course, and served with maple syrup and french fries.  My sandwich was really tasty, the french toast could have been a bit more moist, but overall a very tasty sandwich.  The fries were good too, but for brunch I really am more of a hashbrowns or home fries kinda girl...french fries to me are for lunch or dinner or bar food snacks.

All in all brunch was yummy, so if you happen to find yourself down in these parts, definitely give it a try!
The obvious backlash from my review tells the people who read it 1 thing THIS PLACE IS SO UNPROFESSIONAL! If I was that obnoxious why wasn't denied service? I wasn't "airing dirty laundry"as you put it I was giving a review of the service I received from Mark on not 1, 2, but 3 separate occasions! This is all nonsense I actually have a life! It seems you guys are obsessed with my review weird but whatever. Take the bad review you earned it. Is there no end to the messaging? This is literally the 3rd negative message I received from the Taproom because of my review. Below this response is a picture of the "compliments" I received from the owner Micheal S. in which he calls me an ass in one and in the second the makes a threat to come to my place of business to cause a scene. So everyone learn from my experience stay away from this bar or lie about the service! This really makes the establishment look pretty pathetic honestly.
VERY good.. good food, good better.. great service.. Awesome vibe.
We're not in the neighborhood, but we'll be back.

Def worth checking out.. cool spot to bring your date, significant other or buddy for a beer and good grub.
I swear, I was going to take pictures of my food this time but it was just so darn delicious I never had a chance.

ANYWAY - Needed takeout late last night and Tap Room on 19th appeared on Caviar. Sweet! A great selection of items on Caviar was the first thing that drew me in. I ordered the "Beet Burger" because it contained my two favorite things, beets and goat cheese. (I'm totally serious)

The beet was this hamburger patty sized tender slice that was warmed all the way through. The Goat cheese was deep friend and then place along with the beet on a bun with some delicious sauce and greens. 

My other half got the cheesecake sub which he absolutely loved. Both sets of fries came with Chili-Lime May (I.e., heaven). 

Cheese curds were disappointing but then again, cheese curds are really meant to be eaten immediately after being deep fried, so delivery probably wasn't a good idea for them.

I can't wait to visit this place in person.
I have never even paid attention to this place until I found out that it had a new owner and people began to rave about it. We live a few blocks away so we decided to come for dinner. The owner was so friendly, introduced himself, thanked us for coming in and the staff was super awesome. 

The pork destroyer was delicious, at first it sounded weird but somehow they worked and it made this dish a one of a kind sandwich . The Pork Destroyer is a must try dish! The pork belly appetizer is spectacular for bacon/pork lovers, it's crunchy, heavenly goodness! I cannot wait to come here again, I can find myself coming here and sitting at the bar drinking and eating w/o having to go so far and fight for parking.
We will definitely be back the next time we come to town. The menu looked great but we didn't eat during our visit. A decent selection of craft beers and the city drink special: shot and a beer for $5! I look forward to updating this review after our next visit to see how good the food is. Friendly corner bar with nice decor, good staff and a good looking gastropub menu. I am a fan for sure.
Headed into this place after hearing Jenny Choplin was the new head chef. The new menu is diverse and hits the nail on the head with options for everyone. Try the lamb burger! The decor and atmosphere of this place was inviting and cozy and the service was prompt. I normally hit the South Philly Taproom but this new place has less hipsters, is smaller, and a cooler vibe. Definitely will be my go to bar in South Philly.
So I went here for dinner with a group of coworkers. I ordered the Wiz Wit Cheesesteak sandwich with a side salad. 
I also ordered a couple cocktails to enjoy with my meal. 
While the homemade cheese wiz was outstanding and the flavor of the beef in the cheesesteak was delicious there was very little filling for all of the bread. What's the point of eating a philly while in Philly if the portion size reminds you of war time rations rather than restaurant portions? 
Our waitress was good. We didn't have to ask for anything. I'll keep trying to find a great cheesesteak in this area though. 
Music playing in the joint was good selection but kind of loud for conversation. Some of my coworkers tried their brews and seemed very happy so maybe you should come here more for the drinks and beer as opposed to the dinner menu.
Great corner spot! Tasty food! Great beer selection! Fantastic martini Seamus! One problem...nasty attitude from the bartender Mandy! She made us feel like she was doing us a favor, which was kind of a shock after the positive vibes of the other bartenders. Management...lose this prima donna! Otherwise, had a good experience!
Food is great, love the beers. I especially love that the y have a great selection of nice crafts including founders. Padge is the man. Couldn't ask for better staff.
I just went to the new Taproom for dinner and drinks three days ago, and have encouraged multiple friends to go. I've not a single negative comment about it. I live 2 blocks away and am thrilled that this place is my local bar. This is a nice neighborhood, but not exactly bursting with modern, crafted bar food. 

I used to go to the Taproom before it changed hands, and I loved it then. I always had a great time and enjoyed my meals there. Suffice to say, I was a little skeptical when I saw that the Taproom had a new owner and that the menu was getting an overhaul. 

There is nothing to fear about the revamped Taproom on 19th! The interior has been updated to make it more cozy, the bar manager and his staff were truly welcoming and on their game, and the food-my biggest worry-was dynamite. I ordered a lamb burger and fries that was good enough to order again as dessert. 

No doubt I'll be back sooner than later. Excellent work, Taproom!
Good daily and happy hour specials. Great beer selection. Really enjoyed the General Tso's Cauliflower and the wings. Fried chicken sandwich and burgers are also solid choices.
I recently made a point to explore the deep south parts of Philly, and this place showed up on my radar. I wasn't expecting much because it's out of the way from pretty much the rest of Philly, but was pleasantly surprised. 

First, I noticed they have a great beer list. A whole array of craft brews and many different styles, though I found the beers to be a bit pricey across the board. I don't remember seeing a beer less than $6 and many were more than that, but I could be mistaken. 

For food, I split the chorizo poutine and duck quesadilla with my group, and then split the lamb sausage and shroom burger with my boyfriend. Chorizo poutine--was definitely seemed more like chili fries than a poutine, but it tasted good so I didn't mind. Duck quesadilla--I remember thinking this could have had just a bit more flavor, like it was missing a little something. Lamb sausage--this was my favorite of the things we got. Great flavors! Shroom burger--this was too salty. Thank goodness I was splitting it because I don't think I could have eaten the whole thing. 

Service from the boys working here was great! If I'm ever in the neighborhood again I'll stop by.
Great food and awesome service..  Servers can make suggestions not only food but drinks and very inviting to make you feel as tho you are at a friends..  And customers can not stop talking about the food there favorite drink or the service..
This is by far my favorite gastro pub in Philly. The food is amazing and the service is excellent. We often bring our kids and they will make them what ever they want (usually Mac and cheese which my daughter says is the best she's had). Also the on tap beer selection is excellent and its constantly changing so you get an opportunity to try a lot if craft and locally brewed beer.
This is an awesome gastropub with great food and beer selections. The happy hour specials, including the wings, are a great deal. The burger is dynamite. It is usually $14, but $12 on Wednesdays. The fries are pretty good too. My girlfriend got the Caesar wedge salad. It was fresh, well-portioned and really good. The vibe is cool and the servers were super nice. They have a spicy fried chicken sandwich that I cannot wait to try!
Great corner bar. Stopped in today for a late brunch and drink. Bartender was friendly and attentive. Music was great food was terrific. They always have cool events going on. Glade to have as my corner bar.
Partner and I stopped by on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch. Beer selection was good, two kegs were kicked; OK, so replace them! Beer seemed to be overpriced for the neighborhood, my Sierra Hop Hunter IPA was $7, partners  Abbey White was an $8 tulip glass. We ordered the $11 wings, and got 8 of the tiniest wings yet. Sauce was good, nothing to brag about. 
OK, 2 craft beers, one order of wings with tip set us back $34. Not a place to spend the afternoon watching a game.
I guess the best time to come is during M-F happy hour, but get ripped off on Sat and Sun to make up for it.
Stopped by on a friday night and was surprised by the great service, beer selection and really good food. Owner actually special ordered us the mac and cheese fries (wasnt even on the menu). Their standard burger was to live for as well.  This place is what a Philadelphia bar is supposed to be.
Went here for dinner and a few beers on a Friday night and was very impressed. Service was excellent, the manager was very friendly, and my burger was awfully good. I ordered it med rare with bleu cheese and went for the fried egg on it as well. Aside for the obvious detrimental health effects of eating such a monster everything was great. A friend who was with me ordered the lamb tacos which were also excellent. There was an solid list of craft beers on tap and the place was very clean and inviting. Overall  - great experience.
Okay, I am SHOCKED this place has a 4-star average. We had a meal delivered via UberEATS, and the food was atrocious. I can admit when food was decent, but not special, or if it was good, but cold, etc etc. No. That is not what's happening here- this food is vile. 

We had the General Tso's cauliflower, the wings in the "Korean" preparation, and the "garlic" fries. 

Starting with the cauliflower- I was aware I was taking a gamble ordering tempura-fried vegetables for delivery. I planned to reheat in the oven. It's a shame that almost none of the cauliflower had a trace of tempura to be found. But that wouldn't have mattered anyway because the sauce is really gross. 

That's a good segue into discussing the wings, because the sauce on the wings tasted quite similar to the sauce on the cauliflower. And that taste is reminiscent of that moment, after a night of heavy drinking, that you're about to vomit and you can taste the hint of it at the back of your throat. These are terrible. I'm honestly so offended that they sell this dish. 

And garlic fries? What garlic? Where? 

I'm really angry, this entire meal was really expensive and completely inedible. This is, hands down, the worst meal I have ever had in Philadelphia. Never again, Tap Room. 
Never. Again.

Edit: Okay, after reading the rest of the reviews, I'm convinced that there was some incentive given to all of these people leaving short, incredibly vague, and yet somehow incredibly enthusiastic reviews about the food. This infuriates me. There is NO WAY these are real, and it really messes with the prospective customer's perception that Yelp reviews can be trusted. This food is awful, I really suggest no one eat here. I can't comment on the beer selection, but I just can't let anyone else be subjected to this food, and honestly it sounds like the staff here are mostly terrible as well. There are always better options elsewhere.
Thank you for always hooking my 6 and 7 year old nieces up with dessert. 

Please lower your price on the steak salad! It's the only healthy option and it's $20 :(

Although I never make it, it's great that you always have events at the bar that are family friendly. 

Can we get a cider on tap for those who want to limit their gluten (or trade out the magners for a better cider??)

Chicken fingers for kids? or children's burgers? 

This review goes out to my favorite bartender, Seamus. 

I like the art rotation.

The Sammy Cheesesteak is a great sandwich.

Michael S. (owner) is great to the neighborhood crowd and regulars. Thank you.
This place is the best. Awesome beer selection and killer food. The Korean BBQ wings are amazing and the Cheesesteak is out of this world. On top of all that, the staff is super friendly, the place is clean, and it's a fun place to hang out. Can't go wrong picking this place. Def the best bang for your buck.
Great corner bar with daily food and drink specials. I went for taco Tuesday and had the margarita which was great.
Update, sat outside with my two kids and and little brother on a hot day. Service was prompt, refills kepy coming, and the food was awesome! Customer service was A+ , not sure if it was the owner, but he was very personable and checked if we were enjoying our meal. Had the burger which was awesome, but the real star was the pulled pork grilled cheese. Even my 3 year old son enjoyed it! Will be back!
Great place! Great beer selection and premium ingredients make up the dishes on their menu. Friendly staff and a great clientele.
Have eaten here a few times now and have yet to be disappointed.  The food is creative and delicious every time!  Last time I went was on friday, my group and I ordered the grilled cheese of the day, pretzel bites, Shepards pie croquettes,  and burger.  The pretzel bite sauce was ah - may - zing we couldn't give it up and used it with the fries for our entrees. The grilled cheese (horseradish chedder, thick bacon, apple) was to die for as well and although I split it with my friend I was super full after my half (bummer... the desserts were super tempting).  My drink, the manzanita, was pretty good too. It was like a Christmas margherita.  The only downside of the meal is our waiter was super hot and my boyfriend got mad at me : /. Will definitely be going back!
ann marie is the sweetest! food here is so good. spot is cool and heavy with locals but they're warm to welcome you.
Went to this neighborhood bar for a few drinks and half price burgers after a stressful Monday. The food is generally good, and usually a chill crowd. Unfortunately, tonight the male bartender showed complete disrespect and no appreciation to his customers when we nicely asked to turn the television that NOONE was watching to the basketball game. Our nice waitress went to tell the bartender that a table made the request. He swatted it off and laughed with customers and pointed to seats near the television playing the game. Wanting us to move after just being served our meals. As if he was making fun of his customers  who nicely asked to change the channel, to other customers in the bar! Then he made the waitress come tell us no, he didn't even have the professionalism to ask the few people at the bars on their phones not looking at the tv if they minded, or even respect our Buisness enough to come tell us himself or offer us the seats in the back. It's a shame a neighborhood bar would treat their "neighbors" like this.
Friendly staff. Chill atmosphere. Good beer selection. Ate the beet burger  it was soooo good! Bun was nom, creamy cheese, beets cooked perfectly. Would love to come back and try the other food!
The food was delicious. I had pulled pork sandwich my kid had the tap burger. Deviled eggs were perfect. Seasoned perfectly. The pork was seasoned perfectly and was succulent. We were able to get lucky and get parking right out front! The Tap burger perfectly cooked to our liking and defiantly not a frozen before cooking! The food was cooked perfectly with simple but fresh ingredients.
Wow don't need to go in center city anymore great beer, nice atmosphere, amazing food. It's worth parking in south philly.
