Several weeks ago, I gave Charlie over at The Institute a heads-up that my football team would be swinging by for beers after our Saturday afternoon game.  The entire team rolled in, thirsty and ready for some grub, and just as I was deciding which beer to order, Charlie pulled out a bag with four Tartes cupcakes for yours truly!  Talk about a sweet surprise!

My teammate, Liz, and I got to work taste-testing.  The carrot cake was absolutely delicious, as was the red velvet.  Each cupcake was appropriately dense, perfectly moist, and topped with rich, sugary frosting.  They are also perfectly sized, making for a nice little treat that won't completely derail the diet (if you stick to just one!).  

I've done some extensive "cupcake research" in the past few months, and Tartes' creations may have very well been my faves so far!
cupcakes for dinner. a child's fantasy, perhaps. last nite? my reality. lucky me attended an event after work (hence, no time for a "real" meal) where a table of colorful tartes cupcakes beckoned me to try each and every one. that i did not, as there were about 5 or 6 different varieties and my sweet tooth has its limits, but i did enjoy these 3 yummies:

first up: red velvet with cream cheese frosting. i went straight for my favorite, and it didn't let me down. the cake was perfectly moist and dense, the frosting rich, creamy and slightly tart the way [i think] it should be.

next: vanilla. while this seemingly plain cupcake may oft be overlooked in lieu of fancier flavors, it is anything but boring. once again, a moist, yet light, cake that perfectly complemented the equally subtle vanilla frosting. not gritty, not fluffy....more like whipped cream on 'roids, in a good way.

last but not least: strawberry. much like the vanilla, this yellow cake & pink frosting combo evoked subtle hints of strawberry, yet enough to clearly distinguish its berry base and have me licking my lips for more. a perfect end to my tasty tartes trio.

bonus: upon leaving the event, i was handed a logofied T-shaped sugar cookie! too full for more sweets last nite...that cookie became breakfast this morning (stop judging me!!) here's hoping sugar cookies are on the regular tartes menu.

did i enter the store itself? no. did i pay for any of these treats? no, again. but will i be doing both soon? oh, hells yes!
Oh, hi there, Tartes. You made for a lovely sidewalk pitstop during our downtown Philly escapades. I did a quick Yelp search for bakeries and voila! there you were. Your key lime pie tart was both delicious and the size I was looking for. I loved being able to see inside the bustling action of this "streetside" bakery. The challenge was the staff seemed super busy actually making the baked goods that they were not super friendly during the actual customer experience because it felt like we were interupting their work. Note that this business does not have seating - all baked goods and orders are picked up from the window noted in the pictures. They do have a cafe table or two on the street for those of us who love to sit and eat ;) This would have been more like a five star experience has the customer service experience been a little warmer. I think I was more excited about the interaction than the biz - womp, womp.
I was finally able to visit Tartes during First Friday last week (the first time it's ever been open when I walked by!), and the small blueberry lemon tart (~$4) was just the right size for a light snack before moving on our next gallery. The pastry crust was flaky and the filling had just the right amount of lemon (so it didn't overpower the berries).

The only thing that spoiled my little piece of heaven was the service. I watched as the tarts were selected without gloved hands or even a piece of wax paper, placed into the boxes, and then money was immediately handled with the same (ungloved) hands. Even the preparation of new cream for the key lime tarts was completed without gloves and directly after the handling of money.
Red Velvet cupcake was fine; frosting was actually particularly good.  But seriously?  If I hand you $2.50 for a cupcake and thank YOU, it would be great if you did something other than grunt. And if I dare to ask what kind of frosting is on the chocolate cupcake, it would be terrific if you didn't make me feel like an idiot for asking.
 As many have noted, the woman behind the counter isn't particularly friendly -- to the point where I felt foolish for having bothered her.
Wow, this place is amazing! Outside of France, Switzerland, Germany, and Austria, I have not tasted such amazing European-style tarts. The style is not finicky or over the top, but simple and beautiful. The peach and blackberry tart is a fantastic summer dessert to have, with a delicious buttery crust and deliciously baked peach slices and blackberries for every bite. They really know what they're doing. 

I've known this bakery existed for a while, but was never able to make it here during their open hours. They open after I get into work and close before I get out, and it's tough for me to discover all the gems hiding in plain sight on just Saturdays. However, there is definitely a shortage of delicious pastries in Philadelphia and now that I've tried them, I can safely add them to my list of go-to places for a pastry-fix.
My tart was pretty good. I'd prefer more fruit and less butter flavor--a little too rich for my liking--but it was a delicious little treat. My 3-star rating is really due to the icy-cold service I received.

Now, I don't usually knock off points for service. But come on! It's a bakery! The service should be warm and sweet like a freshly baked cookie! Maybe it was my attempt at opening the door instead of going directly to the window? Stupid me. Or my desire for something pumpkin-flavored when it is *clearly* not pumpkin season? For shame. Next time I will be sure to follow the correct procedure, oh mighty Tarte Nazi. If there IS a next time.
As someone who frequently craves sweet treats, I have searched all over the city for "my bakery." Tartes could have been that spot.

My roommate and I were addicted to their lavender pound cake (probably one of the most delicious cakes you could shovel into your mouth), chocolate chip toffee bars (crunchy, chewy, sweet), chocolate creme brulee tart, red velvet cupcakes, and molasses cookies. In fact, I turned my coworkers and boss onto this little shop. 

Here's where it loses two stars: the owner who runs the window has an unpleasant demeanor. Not once did she ever smile at me, attempt to have a conversation with me,  or even remember my name after countless purchases. In fact, when I asked some questions about different baked goods she scowled and scolded me. I love supporting small businesses, but I'll spend my money elsewhere where I feel appreciated.
My husband and I recently moved to the area and stopped by while walking. I have a weakness for cupcakes, but when I saw the desserts in the window, everything looked average and bite-sized. The prices were absurd! $2.50 for a cupcake that would be eaten in one bite. Philly cupcakes is the same price for a much larger, more inspired cupcake. I saw the lavender poundcake and it was listed with the cupcake for $2.50 so I decided to give it a try. The guy packaged it up and told me it was $5.75. I told him the sign said $2.50 and some grumpy women from the back said she listed it with the cupcake but the price wasn't listed. 
Since it was already packaged, I would still have grumbly paid the $5.75, although incredibly overpriced, and went on my way, however since the women was so nasty and short about it I decided to pass. 

It's a shame because it looks like a cute shop, but overpriced goods, and extremely poor customer service means I will not be visiting again.
I've wanted to try Tartes bakery for years. YEARS. But when I first read Yelp reviews, I was turned off by some of the comments about rude service, and since I don't live near Old City I never had much opportunity to just 'drop by' and check things out. On a bright sunny day when I suddenly had no work, I made myself walk all the way over to Tartes.

No line when I arrived and no rude service! There were maybe three people that I could see inside working, and a woman came over to help me. I smiled and warned her that I would be picking up a sizable number of items, and started listing which pastries should get packed up. She was really sweet and double checked that she had everything that I wanted to buy, and then rang me up so that I could get on my way. My husband is always amused by my tasting antics, and such a good sport to try things with me - at least I picked up mostly things that he'll actually eat:

Sweet potato pecan tart: delicious, I warmed it a bit in the oven to make it extra tasty. The filling was creamy and sweet, with large pieces of toasted pecans on top that added a roasted nutty flavor. The tart overall was slightly sticky sweet, with a crunchy buttery crust. Better than the traditional pecan tart/pie!

Plum ginger tart: this one seemed to have a lighter crust that was still buttery and crunchy, but kinda close in texture to those butterfly cookies. The chunks of plum were jellied/glazed and baked into dough, and it had a light ginger flavor.

Key lime tart: just perfect, the filling was tart but with enough sweetness to balance it out. The crust was buttery and really thin and crunchy. The whipped cream on top didn't cover the entire tart, but was just enough to lighten the filling's strong flavor.

Chocolate chip pecan cookie: we're big fans of pecans, and this cookie had a nice amount of toasted pecans and chocolate chips, with a yummy brown sugar dough base. The edges had a chewy-crunch bite to them with a softer center - a good, though not fantastic, cookie according to my hubby.

Red velvet cupcake: I'm a cupcake connoisseur (kinda), and this was a decent cupcake. The cake was a little dry for me and a tad dense, but it had a good red velvet flavor and light cream cheese frosting that was delicious and gave a little additional sweetness to each bite.

Chocolate fudgy brownie: had a deep dark chocolate flavor and was delicious! It's super dense, like a fusion of brownie-pound cake-fudge, and was a pretty hefty amount all together, especially with the thick ganache layer on top - for serious chocolate lovers like me!

I have to say, Tartes has some top notch baked goods, but as the name suggests it's the tarts themselves that are the best items. They do offer party cakes to order (and larger pies/tarts!), and I think that I will turn to them for the next birthday cake order - I just have to plan ahead for the pick-up!
If you like cookies, brownies, mini tartes, pies, and assorted pastries this is definitely your place!  Though it's small and offers no seating, it makes up for it in taste and consistent quality.  The fruit tartes, brownies, and blondies are my favorites!  I've been tempted by the cupcakes, key lime pie, and apple dumplings...  Soon I will sample these as well!  I like walking by this place in the morning as they're baking, it smells so sweet and tasty!  The staff is friendly and are blend of Emo rockers / hipsters.  They are so delighted in their wares and share that love with their patrons!  They are truely happy and estatic when someone buys a sweet treat or tasty morsel from them!  They also take special orders, so if you need a cake or pie or box of tartes for a party they're affordable and reliable!
Yummy yummy yummy desserts, but quite expensive.  They make some fun seasonal goodies.  It's a nice way to splurge at the end of the week during a fall walk through Old City.

The lady who works behind the counter is definitely not the friendliest and trying to engage her in any sort of conversation is painful.
Very delicious tartes, buttery crust  and smooth custard fillings with fresh fruit on top. You can have in bite size or  full size. The chocolate covered  brûlée is so smooth and not overly sweet Canele is ok. It's missing the citrusy taste.
There's not a lot to say except: every tart created here is near perfect, and obviously with love.  
Always check out what the current seasonal fruit tart is.

I can't speak of the other sweets except the canelés, which are nice for a small sweet bite- always caramelized crisp chewy outside, soft inside.  
A nice place to stop by on your way out of Olde City -- how could you not love attending a takeout window on a tiny pink building?

*credit minimum
I followed my nose trailing the irresistible aroma of fresh baked goods in Old City and stumbled upon Tartes- what a gem! Their menu changes from day to day, fresh baked for customers. 

*There is NO DINING in, but there are chairs and tables outside the tiny store. 

* $15 credit card minimum 

Must try: 
- pear pistachio 
- chocolate creme brûlée tart (delicious creme at the center, not too sweet, with decadent chocolate as the outer tart)
- apple pie (classic!) 

Wish I could have given this place a 5, but the lady behind the counter was not the friendliest.
For such a small store front it sure does provide a big taste. For dessert it's a little on the pricey side but it hooks up so many delectable treats that make it so worthwhile.

When Danceadelphia took to the parking lot next door for their their rendition of Young Frankenstein I was feeling some serious hunger. after gazing at so many pastries and cakes I had one tricky time deciding. But the tantalizing carrot cake cupcake that was bigger than my fist instantly drew me in. I can only think of one person who does Carrot Cake better (http://www.yelp.com/biz/carrot-cake-man-philadelphia#hrid:4Ql3QPiqWLr3-Psnb5wDCw) But this one was certainly a close second. It was loaded with fresh nuts and tart raisins, and had the freshest icing imaginable on top. And did I mention that it was bigger than my freaking fist? Tartes also hooks up plenty of delicious cookies, fruit tarts and so much more.
My friend was having her birthday celebration in Franklin Square, and I work in Old City, so I figured I'd try a tart from Tartes and see how we all enjoyed it. I heard there might be some attitude to deal with when I went up, so I was a little intimidated, but still not completely unnerved. I went on a Tuesday, when they were closed, actually, but they still had the window cracked and were working in there. I scanned the windows for information - choices, pricing, order-by info., website - nothing. So I was forced to talk to them. They came off as me bothering them, which I probably was, but simply posting some info. might cure their annoyance at me and other future customers. Placed my order, asked about price at the end of the conversation, wanted the tart more than a mean face if I canceled at the end of the convo, so I ran, scared, but hoping my bravery would pay off.

Day 2 - returned for the tart. Wednesdays must be a good day there, because they were helpful and nice and friendly. Maybe my money warmed their hearts, I don't know. Paid and ran without looking in the box. Opened it in the park. Beautiful. My mouth watered from the moment I laid eyes on it. Chocolate-hazelnut like I've never tasted. Too bad for those with allergies. I forgive the attitude. What attitude? Everyone who tasted it hoarded their piece. Totally worth it! Will buy again.
this little crack shack of sweetness rocks! It has one of the best key lime pies I ever had. They have some very tasty cookies too but I usually favor the fruit tarts- b/c i usually go to tartes after i go to old city ironworks and the fruit makes the tarts more suitable for after gym fare. the big downfall is that it is on the pricey side if you purchase in bulk, but if ur a sweet junkie like myself u will find a way to make due- for instance i believe heat and electrocity can be a bit overrated.
On a gorgeous, sunny day we were enjoying a stroll through old city when we spotted the line on the sidewalk outside Tartes. I just had to have something.

This place is so. darn. cute. It's this tiny pink building with a window in the front through which delicious baked goods are served. Judging by the equipment I saw through the window this is some old school, made-from-scratch baking. Everything they were selling was $7 or less and looked unbelievably tasty. The line out the door (or window rather) doesn't lie folks.

With only $2 and change on us we went with the red velvet cupcake with cream cheese icing. It was absolutely delicious, with easily the most moist red velvet cake I have ever tasted and generous icing. They put it in a nice plastic carrier with a white doily below it and a hard candy sprinkle on top. For $2.50 the boyfriend and I shared it, and it was a steal. I can't wait to go back and try those tarts.
What do you bring if you're visiting friends for dinner and have been delegated responsibility for dessert? What if the couple hosting has no overlap in their taste for dessert? If one of them only eats chocolate desserts, and the other's favorite dessert is an old fashioned crème brulee?

Well, obviously you stop at Tartes and get a Chocolate Crème brulee tart. No question about it.

Then you wait for six pairs of critical eyes to evaluate if your dessert credentials are all that they are made out to be. Not the host couple, though. They've seen you deliver time after time. Even if this is a family Thanksgiving meal, where people have feasted more than what their eyes let alone their stomachs can manage. You hear: "Just a small slice. I'm too full". But, that's just the opening bid. Soon, they will put their smartphones aside and unobtrusively make their way from the sofa to the dining table and surreptitiously carve out one small slice after another. "It's so light. I wouldn't mind another small slice".  Before you know it, that tart's disappeared...

All hypothetical, of course? ;)

(Their lemon tart's excellent too. I can't say much about most other items on the menu)
I make it a point to stop by here whenever I'm in Old City during those few, magical hours when Tartes is open.  It's like a little fairy tale sweet house that tempts you with all manner of sugary delights, then when you try to return, it vanishes before your eyes.  

The treats are dainty, delectable little treasures, like Grandma used to make.  My favorite is the lemon bars.  I didn't even like lemon bars before I tried these!  Now I'm hooked.  Tart (but not too tart) lemony custard, a sweet & crunchy crust, and a dusting of powdered sugar to mellow the lemon's bite.  Also worthy contenders are the pear tartlet, the snickerdoodle cookies, and the gingerbread men.  Though I only seem to try different things on the days when they're out of lemon bars.
Ok, I'll admit it...It's true what they say...The counter lady isn't very friendly/welcoming, (and since it seems like she is the only one who ever works, you're basically bound to get somewhat stand-off-ish service.)  Yes, it is incredibly inconvenient to find parking around there AND it IS housed in a tiny pink shack on the corner of Arch St that you can't even go in! 

However, given all that, THIS PLACE IS STILL AMAZING! Hands down, some of the best macaroons in town (and sniff, I pride myself on being somewhat of a macaroon connoisseur...In fact, you can't hear me but I developed a slight English/rich person accent just for that particular sentence!) And it's not just about taste, boys and girls, all of the fancy-pants cakes and tartes that I've seen so far have been beautifully decorated too! 

BOTTOM LINE: It's totally worth it. Just go already!
If you are both a lover of pastries & in or near the Old City section of town & you do not stop by Tartes, you are doing yourself a mega disservice.
This place is a mere one block from my abode & it is both a blessing & a curse.
How this tiny place churns out the most delectable of fresh treats on an almost daily basis is beyond me.  It looks like be literally about 250 square feet inside.
At the ordering window you'll find a variety of fruity tarts, cupcakes, cookies, scones & more.  The menu changes every day, but stays *basically* the same.
The pastries may be a little pricey, but trust me, they are worth each and every cent!
Often fruit tarts can be disappointing, but they were definitely the star at Tartes. The crust on both the blackberry walnut and pear ginger was divine! Both combinations had a nice balance of sweet and tart.

We also sampled a mini red velvet cake with cream cheese frosting. Great size for a small dinner party. The cake was moist and complimented with the perfect amount of frosting so it wasn't overly sweet. The only slight disappointment was the vanilla cupcake. Although the vanilla buttercream frosting was delish, the cake was slightly dry.

My favorite thing about Tartes is the exterior service window, which makes it easy to pick up your desserts when out walking the dog. The way I figure it dog walking = excercise = calorie splurging on more goodies from Tartes!
I am forever on the hunt for delicious, classy pastries in this town full of stale cannoli, so I was delighted when I stumbled upon Tartes in Old City earlier this year.  In the vein of other commenters, my first reaction to the service was to dub the proprieter the "Tart Nazi" after I was abruptly scolded for my confused attempt to open the door on my first visit, before realizing that it was a walk-up window only.  

Fortunately, the "tartness" of the service is more than compensated for by the richness and sweetness of the shop's delectable offerings.  On my most recent visit (last month, July 09), I sampled two fruit tarts: blackberry almond and cherry pistachio.  In the former, fresh, whole blackberries studded a heavenly filling of almond cream, reminiscent of fluffy marzipan (the true key to my heart).  The pastry shell was flaky and delicate.  The Cherry pistachio tart was a little too densely pistachio-ish for my taste and lacked the delicacy of the other tart's filling, but maybe I am just more of an almond girl.  

To top it off, I bought a lemon bar, a childhood favorite of mine.  Lemon bars are frequently disappointing due to lack of moisture and tartness, but this one was luscious and had a perfect zing in the custard on top of the buttery shortbread base. 

According to the Tart Nazi herself, the shop uses only two ovens on-site, which is clearly reflected in the freshness and precision of the hand-crafted treats displayed in the window.  Next time, I plan to venture into the unsampled territory of the cupcakes and chocolate temptations recommended by others.  Given my experiences thus far, I am sure they won't disappoint!
I recommend the gingerbread cookies. They are amazing. Paying 1.75 for a cookie is a bit much, but they're pretty big. I'm not sure how their hours are on non-First Friday days, since that's the only time I get cookies there, but if you're in the city for First Friday, you should definitely stop by.
Ever since I discovered this little tart shack, I've had to talk myself out of walking down this street for fear of becoming a diabetic. The tarts, cookies, cupcakes, brownies- everything is so deliciously creative and rich with flavors. Obviously, pick something that you like and you will be pleased. The service is the only thing not covered in sugar, but then again, I don't need it to be. It's just window service and it means I don't have to tip- which is a-okay in my book!

I like to pick up a tart for a friend who's having a bad day, but make sure you bring cash...enough cash for two = roughly $10.
I don't know...maybe it was an off  day but I've had way better. After a late lunch I swung by to pick up a treat and decided to go with a chocolate cupcake with vanilla frosting. While the batter was admitadely moist and light, the frosting was way too dense and overwhelmed the batter. Their other desserts do look really tasty though (in particular the tarts and macaroons) so maybe I should have gone with one of those. 

O yea, and the woman who I assume is the owner is incredibly rude, as someone has already mentioned in a past review. As a first time patron, naturally I was curious about the different flavor cupcakes to help aid in my decision. I had several questions, but definately didn't go overboard with my inquiries. She made it seem like I was pestering her, and pretty much gave off the impression that she didn't want my bussiness. There was no line, and they were hours away from closing.  

Because I believe in forgiveness and second chances, I'll probably be back  to try out something else. I just hope the owner isn't there or has a different attitude.
I'm not a dessert guy at all but I love the desserts here.  It's all made right in their little kitchen.  I even got ym GF a birthday cake here and it was AMAZING.  Super light icing, delicate chocolate cake.  

Try the tarts!  

Oh, their hours stink.
I wanted to give his small local business a higher rating, but any place that seems displeased that I am putting money in their hand doesn't get a high rating from me on principle, no matter how fantastic their baked goods are (not that great). 

Very abrupt and unfriendly woman in the pink booth that seemed to want us to go away and didn't want to answer questions about what the heck all the tartes and cakes actually are. How do you expect customers to buy your goods when there are no signs and you clearly don't want to tell them?

Never feel pleased to part with my money when the person taking it is sighing, huffing and puffing and answering questions with a stare and a monosyllable. 

The tart thing was fine but the exchange that takes place when you buy from a local independent bakery like this informs the experience of the pastry you're eating and the review you'll give it when friends ask you 'how did you like Philadelphia?' 

Our one and only experience of unfriendly, stick-up-their-butt service in an incredibly warm, friendly town full of wonderful people.
This place is a super small, no seating tart stand in one of my favorite areas of the city that cranks out some of the most delicious desserts you've ever tried. 

This place only has a walk up counter where you can get desserts to go - they have a variety of different types of Tartes (small and large) as well as some cookies and a few other pastries. Admittedly, I was a little intimidated by the kind of high price for a large tart ($7) but decided to go for it. We got a large apricot pistachio tarte and a small coconut cream tarte. After tasting these golden crusty circles of pure joy I had absolutely no regrets - these are perhaps the most delicious tarts I've ever had and quite certainly worth the it! I think the coconut cream edged out the apricot pistachio for me but I'm a coconut-ty kinda guy so take that with a grain of salt. 100% gunna go back to explore the rest that they have to offer. 

$10 minimum to use credit card and limited seating (a few sparse tables and chairs) on the street for this place. Come try it, especially if you want some baked goods to take home and impress people with!
I love love love Tartes! Such a cute little pink building! My husband takes me every year for my birthday to pick out some treats. I've tried various flavors of their tarts and have come to the conclusion that the pear pistachio is the winner. The blackberry lemon and coconut cream tarts are amazing as well. You can't go wrong with any flavor really, the crust on the tarts is what brings me back, so flaky and good. I've also had their lemon bar and a chocolate chip cookie bar of some sort and both were really yummy.
This was pretty much my only fail on my culinary extravaganza in Philadelphia. The lemon bar was just meh, not super tangy or sweet. Mostly the crankster behind the register is what soured (ha) the experience for me. I know that sometimes I can seem like Medusa, but most of the time it's safe to look into my eyes. Sheesh, you'd think that they were handing out mandatory visits to the dentist in this shop with the way they were acting. 

The little shack is cute, but that's about all it has going for it.
They are only selling through a hole in the wall and this is the only bakery where the doggie tries to literally jump in. No kidding and enough said.

PS similar kudos go to the chinese bakery on 9th and Race where he will try to get through the glass door.
I've been to Tartes twice because I bought two restaurant.com gift cards during a sale. I was delighted by the baked goods both times! The lemon bars were to die for and the cupcakes were absolutely phenomenal. 

The reason that I'm giving Tartes 3 stars however is related to the service. On both occasions I was extremely turned off by how rude the women, that I perceived to be the owner, was to me. The first time I went, I gave her the benefit of the doubt and thought maybe she was having an off day. But the second time I was met with the same crabby demeanor, almost as if helping me was a huge burden. I'm a pretty upbeat person and I think I was polite so being met with so much disdain was definitely off putting. 

I would save your time and money and visit a bakery in the Italian market instead.
"Tartes"...a perfect little hidden gem in the heart of Center City. I was recommend to this place from a very good friend of mine and I've been ordering cakes from Theresa (owner) since! She is so professional and she really takes your ideas and turn them into something so beautiful.
For my son's first birthday I ordered a Mickey Mouse themed one tier carrot cake and it was so moist and delicious for a speciality cake. 
The most recent cake I ordered was for my baby cousin's first birthday. We decided to go with a Mod Monkey theme. The flavor choice that we choose was a simple vanilla cake with strawberry buttercream filling. The cake itself was a little on the dry side but with only two days notice and a wedding cake that had to be prep and done a day before mine Theresa incorporated everything I wanted and made it so beautiful! I couldn't be happier with the outcome. 
Overall, this is definitely one of the first places that pops into my mind when I think of specialty cakes. Her price are reasonable and her work is beautiful definitely a great place to order your cakes from of ever in the city!!!! 
Other tips I wanted to add:
* chocolate cakes taste more like dark chocolate
* vanilla cake was kind on the dry side but buttercream was nice and fluffy
* red velvet cake was good
* surprisingly, her carrot cake was my favorite super moist, not too sweet, packed with flavors definitely  a must try!!!
You yelpers got me really excited about this place. So as a dessert fiend, I selected it as my first "must-hit" spot of Philly after my cheesesteak at Campos.  Mmmm... it was good... but not that good.

It is really cute looking from the outside, all pink and unexpectedly happy looking on a relatively dull street.  The people were not unfriendly, but very business.  Their response to our requests for recommendations didn't really help us much, so we gave it stab by looks alone.  A nice selection of about 4-5 tarts, 4-5 cookies, a few cupcakes, and random baked goods like the lemon tart. Prices are a little steep, but what the heck.

Picked out the sugar cookie and apple crumb tart. Sugar cookie was crisp on the outside, soft on the inside, exactly as I like it, but wasn't blown away. Can a sugar cookie do that though? Maybe not. But the apple crumb tart was really good - perfect crunchy brown sugar top, apple goodness in the center, and most importantly, a really flaky but consistent tart at the bottom. I think personally, I would have liked graham at the bottom, but it was still delicious their way too. 

Gotta try something different when I go next time. Still need to be blown away.
Tried:

chocolate chip cookie (delicious, but a little tough to chew)
layered red velvet cake (yum!)
lemon tarte (not memorable)

Overall, the red velvet cake is what garnered the four stars--you need to try it. The cake is moist, and the cream cheese frosting isn't too sweet. At $10 for about a 4-inch cake, it's not cheap. But it's DEFINITELY worth it.
The outside looks like a parking lot structure painted pink on the outside, but the buttery caramelized sugar smell is a tip off. Everything is freshly baked, you can smell the real butter, watch the pears being poached, the pounds of butter being creamed, that kind of thing. 

Tartes does mostly commercial business (you might recognize things on the dessert trays at Monk's and Nodding Head for example), but stays open late 9pm on first Fridays to sell out the window. My favorites are probably the key lime pie, any kind of cream pie, the berry and pear or apricot tarts, and the chocolate hazelnut torte/cake. Expect to pay $4.75 for one of the mini tarts- then go to 2nd street and find a bench to people watch and enjoy your buttery tasty treats.

PSA: no skimping on the butter here, so do some extra cardio if you have heart problems
The owner sure is cocky for how average her desserts are.
The other day I was walking by this cute little place, and as I stopped to ponder ordering something, a passerby told me it was the best bakery in town and I should get something. Well, that settled it. I was going to order. I ended up getting a brownie, which looked positively decadent and rich.

It was totally "meh."

Talk about a let down. It didn't have a very strong chocolate or fudge flavor. The consistency was a bit unusual, not at all very brownie like. 

I was underwhelmed. 

I will probably go back and attempt at least another item or two, but for now all I can give is three stars, and that seems a bit generous.
Super cute little bakery - I love that you can't even go inside. There's something inherently charming about being forced to make your purchase through the window of a tiny little pink house. 

We ordered my mom's birthday cake from here, and we all really loved it. They were helpful and accommodating when we requested a hazelnut chocolate cake; they improvised and whipped up a hazelnut praline frosting made of buttery fluff to put over their lovely and moist chocolate cake. I also visited once with friends and enjoyed a lovely apple tart. The women who work here are a joy, and in nice weather Tartes offers tasty treats and a fun experience. Definitely going back!
I love this place! The heart shaped sugar cookies are my favorite. I am so lucky to work across the street from this adorable bakery.
Hands down the best cupcakes EVER! As many others have noted, the owner isn't super warm and fuzzy, but who really cares. She knows how to bake and that's all that matters. When I have a bad day, her vanilla cupcakes make me feel happy. The cupcake lady, as I like to call her, knows what she's doing.
Such a cute little pink shop.  And the scents wafting from the window on a crisp fall day just made me HAVE to go in.  (Note:  they have sporadic hours - so read the door).  Super-friendly gals (and one guy) were baking and glazing before my eyes.

Ganache coated cookies, cupcakes, tarts.

Love it.

So glad I walked by and walked in.  Bring cash - they don't take plastic.
Walking around Olde City and spotted this bakery. It's suppppper tiny and can be mistaken for a parking booth. I'm infamous for having an endless sweet-tooth so I ordered the chocolate creme brulee tart. I can't even describe the deliciousness of this dessert without making it sound dirty. hahaha =) I promise, it's REALLY good. If the baker has it on the menu, try one!
I am pretty sure I've tried just about every cupcake place in the city.  Tartes has one of the best red velvet cupcakes.  It's really the cream cheese frosting that gives the red velvet its oomph.  Correspondingly, I expect the carrot cake cupcakes are also delicious (if you're into that sort of thing).  I have to admit I don't particularly care for the chocolate or vanilla cupcakes.

Tartes' cookies are also pretty good, if not mindblowing.  Their tarts ARE good, but I don't generally love tarts so those don't affect my opinion that much. 

This place is within walking distance of my house, so they've received a pretty significant amount of my business.  The only two quibbles I have: the cash-only policy and their being closed on Monday.  

I have not had any issue with the service at all, and I was a little surprised to read that people had trouble with it.  So your mileage may vary on that one.  I think it helps that I'm mostly happy with their efficient service: it means that I will have cupcakes in my mouth that much more quickly.
I made three purchases from this little pink shack of wonder.  Next time I'm gonna buy out the entire shop.  

The chocolate chip-pecan cookie was like butter.  You could literally taste the butter and sugar dissolve in your mouth with each bite.  

I played it safe by getting a regular brownie, but I should have been more adventurous.  It was solid, but I have high brownie standards.  I prefer my brownies a little denser, whereas these were slightly cakey.  

The lavender pound cake, however, was stupendous.  Perfect density, subtle flavor, rich but not too heavy icing.
The deserts here are actually pretty good, but the owner seems to think that she can talk down to people and treat customers like they are intruding on her. Except for that fact, I believe the tarts here are some of the best in the city.
Stopped here for some cupcakes. They were out of red velvet so I tried both the chocolate and vanilla. The icing was awful. It was basically just some whipped cream. Not sweet at all. And the cake was dense and dry. I'll never go back to try anything else knowing they have such low standards they would icing a cupcake with whipped cream.
I'm not really understanding the rave reviews for this place, and I've never really gone against Yelpers before this. I've gone on several occasions, but I hesitated in writing anything because I wanted to keep giving the place a few tries before I made my final decision.

I've only tried the cupcakes and cookies.

I got the red velvet cupcake, and the bread was dry and bland. The icing was tasty and not too sweet, but too thick. Both times I got it, it came out of the refrigerator so it was a little hard. I saw many other cupcakes in there, and I prefer mine at room temperature.

The cookies were just...meh.

I haven't tried their other desserts, but the rude lady at the counter doesn't want to make me give the place another chance.
What an adorable little walk-up counter of special desserts! Swung by here to pick up a couple birthday desserts - the chocolate creme brûlée tart was so rich and creamy and delicious, and the pear pistachio tart was that perfect mix of fresh and crunchy flavors! Definitely don't miss this little storefront when you pass through this area!
I live nearby and have been there quite a few times. Everytime I'm craving a delicious pastry, its always a dilemma- do I put up with the lady's attitude? Some days I cave, some days I don't. Would definitely visit more if she was nicer. Not surprisingly, most of the reviews that are 1 or 2 or 3 stars are because of the lady, and not her pastries, so I guess it boils down to - are you looking for a yum pastry or are you looking for a pastry with a smile?
The tartes are very good. Customer service is lacking, to say the least. I ordered 1 tarte and when she was packing it I decided to ask for 1 more because they looked amazing, the lady sighed loudly and looked really annoyed that I asked for another tarte. Seriously? You're going to be mad at me for ordering more?
Awesome coconut cream tarts! I think it may be the best bakery in town. I've had almost every item and can't remember a bad goodie. Everything is fresh and buttery!
Okay. I shall be honest. When I used to walk past this shop, the prices always made me keep walking. I didn't really see the justification in paying almost six dollars for what seemed to be a tiny tart (or maybe I'm just accustomed to abnormally large tarts?) Anyways, I'm glad I finally saw the reviews on yelp, which motivated me to give it a try. I'm glad I did!
Yes, the tarts were expensive. However, the crust was absolutely perfect. I was light and not sugary. I never thought I'd say this about a tart, but the filling was even better than the crust. The filling was tart as opposed to being sweet and artificial tasting, and the flavors mixed together very well. (I think I got the cranberry walnut tart)
This is the real deal, everything I've tried is delicious.  Creme Brulee tart, with chocolate ganache is my favorite.  The counter lady doesn't smile, it's just her way of being, it's never been rudeness, she wont smile at any point in the interaction.  
Maybe if she would just eat a tart...
A+

Delicious, unique and served with a smile!  This place is my go to when it comes to bringing a little something for a dinner party, or to the office to celebrate a birthday.  Won't disappoint.
I was visiting Philly this past weekend and was staying at the Wyndham hotel down the street from this bakery. I realized the time was 6:15pm and they closed at 7pm. So without delay, I ran out of my hotel room, hauling ass down to this shop before they closed and it was ABSOLUTELY worth it!! Ordered the snickerdoodle, peanut butter, chocolate chip pecan cookie and pistachio pear tart. 
By the time I walked back to my hotel room, I had eaten everything minus the tart. Wtf? It was sooooooo good and now that I'm back home in VA , all I can think about is this damn place and who might be going to Philly in the next several weeks so that I can get them to bring me back goodies from Tartes:/
This is my new go to dessert place (still distraught over the closure of Philly Cupcake). Have had their key lime, apple, and berry tarts. Wonderful flavors, particularly the apple. Not overly sweet, lots of fresh fruit, and lovely crust.
I wanted to throw a party at the office this morning and since baking the cakes myself was out of the question, I ordered tortes and cakes from "Tartes" - the most dependable source of delicious pâtisserie in Philadelphia.  I ordered to plum with ginger tart, the pear almond tart, a chocolate tart with crème brûlée interior, and a big meyer lemon cake.  All were absolutely delicious.  Prices are fair given the quality of the pastries.

After Au Fin Palais on Market Street closed and Mademoiselle de Paris on 18th street had a shorter life than a soufflé, fine pastries were in short supply in the city - so Tartes is really filling a much needed niche and I for one feel lucky to have such a dedicated pâtissière in town.

A quick response to the many yelpers who are a bit put off by the crusty demeanor of the pâtissière of Tartes:  While she will not soon take first place in the Ms. Sunshine pageant, please cut her some slack.  Why don't you go work an entire day on your feet with fickle ingredients and hot ovens, making a living with something as perishable and unpredictable as pastries.  I always have lovely conversations at Tartes and the things I buy there make me smile even if the owner does not always smile herself.
This place is soooo cute looking!  It's a mini little pink storefront with a charming display of  baked goods in the window.  As I walked past, the scent coming from the window lured me over to stand in the short line of people.

Everything looked amazing, but I decided to try the chocolate chip toffee bar.  Kind of like a brownie, but made of toffee flavored goodness with chunks of chewy toffee and chocolate chips.  OMG YUUUMMMMM, so good and not bad at 2.50 per bar.

The lady working the counter was definitely less than friendly and was giving attitude to almost everyone in line.  I got nervous and gave her a nickel instead of a quarter and she threw it back out the window and glared at me and told me it was wrong.  One star definitely taken off for the nasty lady at the register.
This is one of the best bakeries I have ever been to. It is simply, literally, a kitchen with a window where you place your order from a display case next to it. Creative pastries that look too perfect to eat sit behind the glass while you salivate. I tried the cherry pistachio tarte, peanut butter cookie, and lemon bar. The cookie was amazing, sure, but it was the lemon bar and cherry pistachio tarte that shone. My mother and I shoved face while on a hop-on/hop-off tour bus of the city as fellow passengers started open mouthed at our box of goodies. The tarte crust had a perfect flaky texture and the lemon bar filling was actually creamy, as opposed to even semi-gelatinous.
A tiny, pink building had some delicious smells wafting out a small window. The lady behind the window was not particularly friendly or helpful in making my decision, but I opted for two Macaroons at a total cost of $1:  Regular and Chocolate Chip. Both were light and moist, and to my surprise I actually liked the Chocolate Chip more as it helped to cut the sweetness of the coconut.
Pricey but certainly delicious.  It's a tiny little concrete structure where you can watch the pastry chefs mixing and baking.  Order up a treat at the window, but you'll have to go elsewhere to enjoy it.  I LOVED the blueberry tarts!
SO GOOD.

I had never tried Tartes before, but I came here solely based of Yelp reviews, blindly chose four that sounded good, and toted them all the way back to California for my mom's birthday.

I was not disappointed, even ten hours after I purchased them and a long flight home.

The four I ordered (coconut, creme brulee, cranberry almond, and chocolate hazelnut) were sooo good. Of the bunch, the cranberry almond was the least tasty.. the cranberries were much too tart and I didn't really care for them. The other three were super delicious, with coconut being the absolute best.

I didn't find the service too rude or lacking, as other reviewers have mentioned. In fact, it was probably the friendliest service I have ever gotten in Philadelphia. They were ready and willing to let me hem and haw over which tarts to purchase, and suggested ones for me, and even told me how to bring them back to CA with me (luckily it was a cold cold day, and the plane was chilly, so the tarts traveled well).

I paid about $22 for the four, which is pretty pricy. But the tarts, while seeming small at only 4" in diameter, are rich and definitely should be shared.
I have ordered from Tartes ,birthday cakes and holiday treats. 
They are absolutely wonderful! Whatever my needs or concerns, they are attentive and respectful. I absolutely adore the little pink building at the end of my block. 

Now, about the review that was disappointed that the service was not ip to par....(something about not being a home baked cookie) they are busy with orders and especially, during the Holidays. 

 Also, some of the costumers of old city are not exactly the nicest people. 


I give Tartes my absolute high regards for the amazing work they do!

Thank you Tartes!!!!
Excellent macaroons. I've been going here for years ands nice to see the quality hasn't changed.
The place is super tiny and adorable.   In fact, you can't even go inside.  There's just a little window to order at.  It always smells delicious when they're cooking, and a lot of people order goodies there for the holidays.  I grabbed a pastry there once, and it was pretty delicious and also unique.

The pastry was I think around $5 and I got a cookie for someone else for around $2.
I LOVE this place, and I rarely can resist walking past without buying a yummy treat.  Thank goodness I work long hours during the week, so can only catch them on weekends.  It's a tiny place (almost the size of two parking spaces) and they bake and serve freshly made sweets through a walk-by window.  I've had several of their cupcakes, lemon bars and cheesecake, and they were all quite yummy.  Can't wait to go again!
I will agree with most of the reviews that the macroons are amazing!!!  That being said we also purchased a peanut butter cookie it was dry and crumbly.  A toffee chocolate chip toffee bar which the toffee was not set properly very soft in texture.  I have to say if i were to pass agian i would definatly stock up on the macroons but that would be it for me.
I went to Philly yesterday with my mom, and we stumbled upon this little place. The window was really cute, which is what caught our eye. All their desserts are displayed neatly in the window and it looked so good. We ordered theses chocolate chip macaroons, and this apple crisp tart. The macaroons were delicious, but the apple crisp...yeah not so much. I'd say if anyone is in the area, they should try it. It's definitely a cute place to go to while roaming around the city.
A cute little shop with a cute little name and cute little desserts.  I recommend, well, the Tartes!  I have had cookies and cupcakes from here and Tartes are definitely their specialty.  I am giving Tartes five stars based on my love for the pecan and sweet potato tart alone, which taste a lot like the homemade pecan pies my southern dad used to make.  I have had a few of the other Tartes on the menu, and they are all delicious.  It really just depends on your taste preference.

Be prepared! This place is cash only, and it has no seating.  The woman taking orders is also somewhat abrasive - know what you want or she will give you that dirty 'don't keep me waiting' look.
Cupcakes are like crack to me. So driving clear across the city to try this little pink oasis in Old City was a no-brainer. The store is hard to miss but don't expect to walk into a warm cozy bakery- its window service only. I too was greeted by a fairly tart baker, but I was here for the treats not a big hug..

I had both a pumpkin and red velvet. Each were $2.50 a piece which seemed more than reasonable. The cake was absolutely perfect. Moist and delicious. The only thing preventing me from giving this treat a 5 was the frosting. Way way too buttery for my taste. I could taste a stick of butter with each bite. I ended up wiping away half the frosting and happily devoured my little treats...
We're not from Philly but happen to stumble upon this place. Their entire store can't be more than 150 sf but their goods are super tasty. Had the chocolate chip macaroons and pecan sweet potato tart. Both were excellent. In fact we went the last day before leaving the city.
The apricot-almond tart isn't bad. The apricot was kind of sour, but I guess that's what you expect from apricot. The tart shell was delicious. I'm giving it one less star because I do see what previous reviewers mean by the lady at the window. She wasn't super hostile towards me but she certainly wasn't friendly or welcoming either. Like another yelper, I felt almost bad for "bothering her" (spent over $20)... Because of the service, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
With the first bite of my vanilla buttercream cupcake, I was wishing I'd just bought a slice of chocolate flourless from Metropolitan. To be sure, I love this type of cupcake, but I have to wonder whether there was any sugar whatsoever in that icing. My advice--make yourself Magnolia Bakery's buttercream recipe at home (then you'll have 12!). In the end--at $2.50 a pop-- prefer to get my sweets elsewhere.
Cupcakes were pretty good and the employee I dealt with was friendly. However, they only take cash and if you are buying in bulk it is not cheap. They are reasonably priced if you are just buying one or two things (as opposed to a dozen cupcakes). Presentation is lovely. They usually stay open later on First Fridays.
I have had a chocolate cupcake with vanilla icing and a chocolate tart. The cupcake was okay, the frosting wasn't great. The chocolate tart was AMAZING.

I must say the lady who owns this place is not nice at all. I was entertained by all the other reviews that stated this as well, I am not the only one!

The first time I went, she was not overly friendly but wasn't rude. The second time, I asked her how I should serve the tart and if it would be a good idea to heat it up or not. She said "ABSOLUTELY NOT...THIS IS A TART blah blah" as if I were the stupidest person she has ever met. She should probably be nicer to people, maybe she would get more customers.
I came across this place by accident and it was amazing. I had the carrot cake and red velvet cupcake and they were both fantastic
Drove from the Mainline through the snowy roads to get the renowned "BEST of PHILLY" bourbon pecan pie. Amazing! True to its reputation Highly recommend. Definitely coming back to try the beautiful tarts.
Delicious and moist red velvet cupcakes and molasses cookies! Only second to georgetown cupcakes in my opinion.
Love, love this place. Go and get the blackberry and almond tart, it is beyond scrumptious. Do not get the macaroons; they are really dry and tasteless. I wish they had one of these in DC I would go and get tarts every day.
Always ALWAYS made a habit of stopping here when I am in the city. I am never disappointed with the pastry I choose. I love the Key Lime tart and the Coconut Cream. They are big and Oh So Delicious! Wish I lived closer so I can sample one of everything.
The tarts are delicious! Service not so much! They are far from friendly and no they were not swamped. A woman tried to open the door for a man delivering to the shop and the owner (im assuming) was clearly annoyed. She was just trying to help!! Id go back for the tarts just don't expect great customer service or even a friendly smile.
Everything we got was AMAZING!  We had a girls night dinner and since Tarts is right across the street I figured I would give it a try.  Soooooo Very glad I did!!!!
I'm much prefer savory to sweet but this place is unbelievable!  The most delicious desserts you can get in Philly!
While in Old City, we've gone up to the cute little window at Tartes a few times.  Generally, it's not bad but not amazing either.  I enjoy the squares (lemon bar, chocolate chip toffee bar) more than the cookies. Texture-wise, the lemon square was gooey and soft in all the right places. Flavour-wise, it tastes pretty much like any other generic sweet thing -- nothing outstanding.
Tartes is AMAZING. The Red Velvet cake is probably me fave with the chocolate cake a close 2nd but you really can't go wrong here. Worth every penny!
The smells emanating from this small walk up bakery lures you closer...in a dreamlike trance you approach the window and are immediately revived from your blissful state by the ever crusty (pun intended) owner. Back to reality you can't help but sample a macaroon, cookie, cupcake, or tart. I've found that the cupcakes tend to be a little dry but I'm a huge fan of the cookies and tarts. The tarts are edible pieces of art while the cookies remind me of grandma's homemade treats...my favorite being the ever simple yet perfect peanut butter. I challenge you to walk by and resist the siren song of this charming old city favorite.
That tiny little pink storefront on in Old City... So unassuming but so full of desserts with big flavors! My office buys tarts from Tartes pretty much almost every other month for birthdays and other celebrations. They are always:

1. Beautifully assembled.
2. Small enough to share a few bites and not feel guilty about it.
3. Sweet but not overly sweet - just right.

Try the creme brulee tart and the apple tart!
Delicious baked goods at a decent price especially for Olde City. I love the coconut macaroons with chocolate chips. Just enough sweetness and not too big. Everything I've had here has been well-made and not overly sweet. I'm taking away 1-star because I've had to wait at the window for a few minutes before to get noticed which is kind of annoying. It's not a big but still hay gimme those macaroons why don't ya?
Just tried DOTS cupcake and Violet's cupcakes in Pasadena, Ca today and still Tartes has the best red velvet cupcake =)
BEST RED VELVET CUPCAKE EVER!!! YES...EVEN BETTER THAN SPRINKLES!  Also tartes are good too =)
Coconut cream tarts are the best thing you will ever eat! I am not normally one to get excited over crust, but the crust on this is incredible, filled with coconut cream, mounds of freshly whipped cream and beautifully toasted coconut added at the last minute so that nothing is ever soggy or has that "been sitting here for 10 hours" taste! Unfortunately we are addicted and I'm sure Theresa's expertise has added to my weight gain. Tartes is not to be missed and worth a side trip to Olde City!
Perfect coconut, key lime and apple crumb tarts. I always expect the service to be just a bit more genuine - friendly - nicer, somehow, especially when dropping $18 on the regular for 3 items. The smile doesn't reach the eyes, if that makes sense. 5 stars, still, because the coconut is really amazing!
The tarts here are fantastic.  I love the creme brulee and hazelnut.  They are truly melt-in-your-mouth delicious with a delectable buttery pastry shell.  The red velvet cupcakes are pretty good, too, but they are quite rich so be sure to eat them with a glass of milk (or soymilk).
Tartes is aptly named, for sure. We haven't tried all of their pastries, but as far as the tarts go, they've nailed every one! Perfect crusts-to-filling ratios (especially on the large ones) that surprisingly never seem to break. I'm so confident in the crusts that I usually just hold them in my hand and crush it like a doughnut (classy, I know!). 

There are plenty of places around to get pastries, and some are making excellent tarts, but Tartes might be the best, and certainly the most consistent, if you're on a mission for a great tart. The coconut cream is probably my favorite, but it's not always available (Fridays & Saturdays only). The bourbon pecan is essentially a perfect mini pecan pie. The key lime tart is also a winner. Their hours (closing at 6) have kept us from being able to enjoy Tartes even more, but when we do get there in time, we're always happy we made it!
Great spot for mid day treat! Apple crumb tart and snicker doodle cookie were amazing! Variety of choices, walk up dive bakery!
Customer service is seriously lacking from the front window woman (possibly the owner?) and that is being generous. Also, the same woman doesn't wear gloves as she's handling food which is off-putting especially since you have to walk up to the window where all the food is and you can watch everything that's happening.
