Sitting back off Bethlehem Pike a block from the top of Chestnut Hill @ Germantown Avenue, Thai Kuu is a small attractive Asian dining room. Buddhas and elephants adorn the walls and menus giving a serene atmosphere that augurs well for the meal to come. This establishment offers weekend lunch at a reasonable price, and I was there to check it out. Many similar houses eliminate the midday meal discount on weekends, and I appreciated that this one kept it in play. 

I saw what I wanted and ordered Tom Ka Soup and Spicy Pad Kee Mao (aka Drunken Noodles). Service was provided by a gentleman I took to be an owner/manager. While efficient and cool, he also had an officiousness that was subtly off-putting. Maybe he objected to my black hoodie or my dining solo, but I wasn't going to allow his silent judgment interfere with my enjoyment. The food, on the other hand, could impact my take on the experience. At the end of my meal, that opinion was less than my first impressions. 

The Tom Ka was pretty good with strong coconut flavor, a hint of lemongrass and fair amount of string bean, carrot, mushroom and broccoli. I lifted the square bowl to my lips to suck it all in. I anticipated the Pad Kee Mao would be hot and spicy from a chili pepper base sauce, and from the word "spicy" in the name on the menu. Not the case. 

Instead, the word was used to label the sweetness of the middle width noodles and brown sauce, not its heat. An exceedingly small portion, its lack of traditional burn was disappointing; pointing to the conclusion that Thai Kuu was far more an Asian fusion kitchen than anything close to vibrant Siam fire. 

It was all okay, but could have been so much more had they the courage of their culinary convictions.
As a fellow entrepreneur, I know that it is difficult to launch a company, and a restaurant is no different.  Thai Kuu is a start-up restaurant and should be evaluated as such.  For those Yelpers who evaluated Thai Kuu at 1-star, I completely understand that you probably experienced the start-up kinks.  Here is my justification for 5-stars:

The Fried Chicken Dumplings were very good, the only thing missing was a sauce to go with it.

The Thai Fresh Lettuce Wraps were very good as well and completed a very good appetizer experience.

The Red Curry Chicken was great.  I eat Red Curry almost every time I have Thai, and I guarantee you will enjoy this.

The Macadamia Duck was excellent.  I highly recommend it.   My wife and I both enjoyed this.

We sat outside, and it was a very nice 80-degree Philly night in this enclosed shopping center area.  We really enjoyed the overall experience.

This place has strong potential.  My wife and I spoke with the lovely owner, Atchara, for 10 minutes after our meal tonight, and she discussed everything they are doing to improve the restaurant.

This is the first time I have seen restaurant owners admittingly Yelp they are working to fix the problems, and I believe it.

Give this place a shot because it can be a Chestnut Hill favorite with the right following.  And we all can acknowledge that Chestnut Hill is STRUGGLING with good restaurants....more reason to get this place up and running.
Thai Kuu is a long-running and fairly popular Thai restaurant at the top of Chestnut Hill. It offers attractive dining indoor and outdoors with attentive service.  The food here though doesn't soar to culinary heaven heights but it doesn't sink to 'l won't eat here again' lows either.  Let me explain.  I ordered edamame dumplings which were def on the meager side with the filling and a little mushy.  I wouldn't order them again. The green salad was perfectly fine but there was nowhere near enough of the ginger dressing.  The entrée of Chicken Pad Kee Mao was quite tasty.  It wasn't spicy as advertised but they had sriracha sauce you can add.  I was disappointed they did not have a house-made chili sauce to utilize. I've eaten at and rated so many restaurants for Yelp that often after all these years, I could really use an in-between rating.  This is one of those cases where I would rate Thai Kuu a 3.5 but I can't.  A three star rating it is and if they add more salad dressing and a better hot sauce, four stars is within reach!
I went to Thai Kuu for one reason - to try the Pho.
Pho is a Vietnamese soup or hot pot that is famous world wide. I have been enjoying Pho for years and I have tried many varieties at many Vietnamese restaurants across this land.
I live in the Germantown / Mt Airy section of Philly and as far as I know there are no Vietnamese restaurants in the area, so when I found out that Thai Kuu had Pho on the menu I made a beeline there.
I didn't know what to expect with this being a Thai restaurant, but luckily I was pleasantly surprised. The Pho had similar ingredients, but it had some Thai spices and flavoring. It was a steamy bowl of complex pairings that makes this wonderful soup one of my strongest go to meals.
This is an excellent Thai Restaurant.  There are many vegan and vegetarian options. The friendly wait staff were great with the kids. The restaurant decor is delicate, so that might pose problems for people with more obstreperous kids.

We ordered the lettuce wraps with tofu instead of chicken. It was excellent; ask for it prepared that way. The Massaman Curry was very rich and flavorful. It was not too spicy and if you like the taste of peanuts, this is the dish for you.
A new local favorite! I can't believe it took me this long to try Thai Kuu. We kept meaning to go. But now I've been twice in about a week. :)

The first visit was with a friend on a pouring rain Friday night. The server was very helpful with recommendations, friendly, stayed on top of water and wine refills and really did a great job. So hopefully the earlier reviews of slow service have been corrected now that they've been in business longer. The food was great. I'm a big lover of leek cakes/buns and was so happy to find someplace close to home that makes these. The half-pineapple tofu was fantastic and my friend's curry salmon had lots of great flavor and well-cooked salmon (too many places cook it til it's almost dried out). 

I went back again for take-out over the weekend and enjoyed their shrimp shumai this time, too. Prettier than the ones you usually get and plenty of shrimp. I recommend a thai iced coffee to pass the time if you're waiting on a takeout order. So sweet and creamy they disappear in an instant.

I really love what they did with the atmosphere here. So much prettier than its last incarnation. But my favorite thing is that nearly all the dishes on the menu offer your choice of meats/seafood/tofu/veg, so they have the best vegetarian selection around.
I have been here several times and the food has always been nothing but delicious and spot on for the right amount of "heat" requested.  My faves are the macadamia duck (and I have never eaten duck before), not gamey or tough and perfectly moist.  Also love the pad thai chicken and crispy spring rolls and fried tofu.  I really haven't experienced any service issues and everyone has always been attentive, friendly and very eager to please.  Don't let service complaints deter from trying this.  I think Thai Kuu is a great addition to the hill and adds a nice change from the usual burger, sandwich, pizza, etc...
Sometimes it's very good, but sometimes it's very disappointing. The most recent curry was watery and flavorless, though it did have decent heat. Five chunks of tofu and a few bits of veg---including a large slice of green pepper that was covered with puckery brown spots, i.e., rot---for $15. Bleh. The only reason to go here is if it's walking distance and you're feeling lucky.
For the most part I really liked this place. Byob, great ambiance, a decent amount of outdoor seating. 

Like one of the other Yelp reviews said, all of the curries have chicken stock in them. Our server seemed to be knowledgeable as to what would be 100% vegetarian items for me. I had a rice noodle dish, my boyfriend had a vegetable medley with rice on the ride. Very healthy and delicious! 

My only issue was our appetizer. The server greeted us with pictures of their specials on an iPad. While telling us about the specials, he listed the ingredients in each. He clearly stated the edamame dumplings were filled with "edamame beans and mashed potatoes". Okay, not the most amazing appetizer, but it was something I could eat. Upon biting into my third dumpling, I realized there was something in there that he did not mention. And it was meaty. 

Trying not to freak out, my boyfriend calmly asked him to please check with the kitchen, because there was something in there that was not just' edamame and mashed potatoes'. He came back and apologetically told us that the kitchen "was not sure, it could be corn or maybe an onion". WHAT DO YOU MEAN THEY WERE NOT SURE?! What if I had an allergy to something they were 'not sure about'? Unreal. 

I really want to go back because I did enjoy my entrees, but I'm not sure if I can. It's 2012. People are vegetarians. People have food allergies. Know what's in your food. And when a guest questions what's in their food, give them a STRAIGHT answer. Comp it off the bill. Involve a manager. Do something to redeem yourself. This is how most restaurants lose business, and get bad Yelp reviews.
After dinner last night, I give them 6-8 months tops unless they get it together. 
Food was just OK, (have had better Pad Thai from takeout places). The service was horrendous. We waited 1 hour for our soup. Good thing I love looking at my wife, or I might have become irritated. 
Shape up or ship out. Your location demands a good reputation if you plan to survive (lousy location). 
It is also a bit cramped and there isn't a good divide between the entrance and the dining room. If they don't correct that by autumn, the majority of the dining room will become utterly inhospitable.
*** If you want to eat dinner here on the weekend I highly recommend making a reservation. ***

We arrived for our 9:15 reservation on time. We waited about 5-10 minutes as the couple who were sitting at our reserved table dilly-dalied on leaving. We were eventually seated, and the waiter promptly arrived. We decided to place our entire order at once, and the drinks arrived at the table within minutes. 


+ FOOD:

The soups were promptly served, and the salad was right behind it. Honestly I think the Tom Kha soup was amazing. The balance of all the flavors was great, as it's typically mediocre coconut water. The Tom Gha soup was OK, I thought the lemongrass flavor came out really well, but I also felt the typical thai balance was slightly off. Not horrible, but I've had better.

We got the Labb Kah Salad to share. Lots of meat and veggies. The fresh thai basil was a great addition to what you typically get elsewhere. I tend to like my dressings a bit more pungent and citrusy like you get in a lot of the thai restaurants, but they did a lighter more balanced dressing which was a nice alternative.

For the main courses, we ordered a Green Curry Chicken, Ginger Chicken stir-fry and a Shrimp Pad Thai. The green curry was awesome. It had a nice balanced fresh taste with a medley of veggies and a whole heck of a lot of chicken. It also had a nice subtle warm feeling to it's overall spicy level.

The Ginger Chicken stir fry was delicious as well. It had a very good balance of the thai basil, pungent fish sauce/lime juice combo with a fresh ginger flavor. Again, not shy on the chicken or veggies.

The Shrimp Pad Thai, to me, was a little underwhelming (although the rest of the party loved it). I'm not really a fan of Pad Thai to begin with, so that may be my problem. The shrimp were a great size and plentiful. The noodles were abundant. I would describe the sauce as "eeehhhhh" though. It tasted like a good barbecue sauce that belonged on something charred on the grill, not as a sauce for a noodle dish. 

Every plates presentation was beautiful.


+ THE DECOR/INTERIOR:

It's VERY cramped, as the space always has been (back when it was Rollers, and Shundees respectively). I like the renovations though, as it's modernized the look. I'm not sure why the previous reviewer gave it a horrible review for its size (as there isn't much that can be done aside from removing the bar). I also enjoyed how the gardens outside have been landscaped in preparation for the outdoor seating already placed. 

The acoustics are a bit much when the place is packed-- maybe some fabric draped from the ceilings would help with this. 

We did see a party of 7 being seated, but really I wouldn't recommend any party larger than 4 to 6.

+ THE STAFF:

The staff was very attentive. Again, I'm not sure what happened the night of the one reviewer, but I'm thinking it was maybe their first or second week open and they're still learning what works and what doesn't. 


+ GENERAL:

This is a BYOB.


+ FINAL THOUGHTS:

I gave the restaurant a 4 star review because of acoustics and size/orientation of furniture. Not REALLY their fault, but IMHO removing the bar would definitely help.

I recommend it for good Thai in the Rox/Yunk/Mr Airy/CH area. We all know we're shy on good Thai places around so suck it up; it's worth being a little cramped and having to speak a little louder. It's great food.
Very excited to see a Thai place come into the neighborhood although the location of this restaurant is absolutely brutal. If you're not looking for Thai Kuu, you'll never ever see it. You may not even find it if you are looking for it. Thai Kuu is tucked in the corner of one of the worst plazas I've ever seen. It appears to just be a bus stop. Just be aware if your trying to find it. 

The restaurant itself is pretty nice. Well decorated, but it does have this odd bar that is lit up in this neon blue. Don't think I could sit there very long without getting a headache. I guess that goes along with it's modern decor. 

The service was very good here. Our waiter was timely, checking in on a regular basis. He was able to give us suggestions and answer any of the questions we had about the food. He was very friendly and accommodating. The food was prepared rather quickly so we weren't sitting around long without something to eat. The other staff members also kept our glasses full all night. 

For dinner I started with the edamame and the calamari.  The edamame was good but there wasn't any salt on it, which I prefer. The calamari was done in a tempura batter and served with a sweet and sour type sauce to dip. I really enjoyed it, but my fiancé didn't because the calamari is on the thicker side. For my entree I order the spicy crispy basil with duck. (I posted a picture of it) The duck and veggies were loaded with flavor. I definitely recommend it. I also got to try the crab pad Thai and I really enjoyed that as well. Never had crab in asian food besides sushi before, but this was a pleasant surprise. 

After watching so many places close over the past few months, I really hope Thai Kuu can find a way to stay afloat. It'll be tough with that location. Overall I think this is a great spot to eat. Always to see new restaurants come to town. If you like Thai food or Asian food in general, give Thai Kuu a shot.
So delicious. So fresh. So clean. They will do anything to make you happy. Their ginger dressing (which they will make gluten free upon request) is to die for. Avocado salad is so abundant and decadent with a ton of avocado. 

The papaya salad (and the marinade which is super authentic) is also abundant, and super fresh. 

Lettuce wraps are fabulous, as was the coconut curry with Sea Bass (my mom ordered this and the entire table melted over its deliciousness).

So many amazing vegan options, as well


Although the speed of the service was not super quick, it shines through in the food. Nothing was cold or anything other than perfect in terms of timing, temperature, and flavors.

Also restaurant is right next to Wine & Spirits. Being that Thai Khuu is BYO, it is quite the location
Tucked away at TOP OF THE HILL.You could miss it except for the sign on Germantown. Its way in the back. 
Well worth the walk up the hill from the hotel or other places in CH.
LUNCH SPECIAL. had the pad thai with tom yum soup and dumplings. Check the pictures because pad thai which is usually so generic was the best i ever had. Chose the duck as my meat and they grilled it which rendered it totally devoid of the usual duck fat puddle. GREAT idea. I redeemed the YELP coupon which made it a better value. 
I will be back with friends and even with my hard to please college aged daughter.
Love that it's BYOB. I always order the massam curry and my husband gets the Thai basil chicken. Love the intimate dining experience.
I work right near Thai Kuu, and was SO excited when I heard a Thai place was moving in literally a stones throw away from me as a lot of my other quick lunch options are: pizza, fries, sandwhiches, repeat. 

Got the Pad Thai..Delicious Noodles, Delicious everything. The spring rolls were great. 

I got take out, because I had to go right back to work..I was made to wait a bit even though I gave an extra 15 minutes past when they said it would be ready, but it was also within their first few days. 

I would definitely recommend this place, and will definitely try out their dining. The dining area looks small and a bit cramped, but has a great ambiance and style about it..

Let's all  hope that they learn from any mistakes and become a prominant figure in Chestnut Hill Cuisine!
Sadly I've had a couple of poor customer service experience and am taking my review down a star. On one occasion, I was misinformed that the spring rolls did not have wheat in them (although really they were coated in flour on top of the rice paper wrapper), and a waiter told me they were okay to order with a wheat allergy. This is a huge mistake, and makes me wary to trust them in the future with allergy questions. 

About a week ago, my family called to see if it was possible to come in for dinner on a Friday night, and the staff was rude over the phone and made us feel as if we were being a nuisance since they had other reservations already made. 

The food and decor here are still great -- but I am disappointed in the service recently and it will affect whether I continue to come back.
I eagerly anticipated the arrival of Thai Kuu - first, CH could really use a Thai restaurant and it adds another option for takeout in the neighborhood.  The location has several perks - parking is made easy with the lot and the outdoor seating is not abutting a street, so traffic does not spoil a nice meal. It is decorated nicely and has a cool, modern atmosphere.  it is BYOB and there is a liquor store right next door if you forget wine.  
     With all of that going for it, I am disappointed I can't give it a better review.  Had a reservation for early on a Sunday evening. We were seated promptly and placed our orders a few minutes later.  And then waited 70 minutes (!) for the food to arrive.  (All the while, given explanations that it would only be a few more minutes and that things were just "moving slowly".  No kidding.) When the food did arrive, it took an additional five minutes to get silverware.  The food was served at room temperature - which made the pad Thai seem congealed and chewy.  It was clearly left under a heat lamp, which is inexcusable - particularly after the delay and our inquiries. So disappointing. 
     Service was terrible - the waiter was pleasant enough but not attentive.  No one checked to see how our meal was or whether we needed anything.  After sitting for an additional 10 minutes after eating, we finally got up and retrieved our own check.  The plates were never cleared.  Other patrons were having the same luck. We watched as people waited a long time to be seated as tables sat empty - they were vacated but then not cleared.  
     It seemed like the food might be good, if it was served promptly and I hope this place can get it together because it does have a lot going for it.  However, these are the types of kinks that I would expect to be worked out at this point.  The meals are too expensive to risk another experience like this one.
Thai Kuu. Found it doing a quick search on Friday on my way home from work as a place to take my husband for his birthday for dinner. It turned out to be a fantastic choice! Last minute reservations placed on Yelp were easy.
We were both happy with our Duck entrees (mine the pad thai and hubby the macadamia duck). We started with spring rolls and soup (double yum) and finished then sharing the tempura ice cream. 
The service and attention paid by the staff was wonderful as well. We felt very taken care of, not rushed and enjoyed the atmosphere tremendously. 
If I *had* to complain it would only be about how tight the space is and how loud it was... but it's a small room and I'm sure they want to accommodate as many people as possible... we survived just fine though.
Check it out!
Had a great experience at Thai Kuu! Let me start with the service. David, our server, was super nice. He was very attentive, knowledgeable of the menu items, and really made an effort to see that we had a good time. 
We had dinner at Thai Kuu on a Friday night and luckily I had made a reservation. They sat us right away and within 20 minutes the place was packed. The space it occupies is pretty small and they definitely have the maximum amount of seating that is possible. Eventually it got a little cramped and a little loud but I was with good company so it really didn't bother us. 
Now the food...as an appetizer I shared the Thai Fresh Lettuce Wrap and the Thai Crispy Golden Bag. Both were absolutely delicious. The bags were fried to perfection and had a dipping sauce that was to die for. The lettuce wraps were almost equally as good and fun to put together. 
As a main dish I had the Crab Pad Thai and the Himmaparn Pineapple with beef. I love that you choose the meat with all of the entrees. It really makes your menu options endless! The pad thai was great although the noodles were slightly undercooked. The beef and pineapple dish was amazing and the presentation was super neat (see picture). 
Overall, my experience at Thai Kuu was two thumbs up! If it impresses again the second time around this place will definitely get 5 stars from me!!
This place has improved over time. On my last visit all dishes my group ordered were delicious. We tried a scallop special, a stir fry dish, and a Panang curry. I love that it's byob, prices are reasonable, and the shady outside seating is perfect on a hot day.
Fancier than your usual thai fare. They have outdoor seating which is nice for those summer days. They play music on their speakers outside which is a nice added touch. They served every table complementary shrimp chips at dinner. They don't have much vegan options on their menu for apps except salad and a coconut based soup which was good. I ordered the spicy basil dish with vegetables. I'm not familiar with thai food but I thought at most thai restaurants I've been to that they served eggplant with this which this restaurant did not. I asked our server for the sauce on the side since I don't like dishes too saucy and she looked at me like I had 2 heads because I guess no one really requests this. But when the entree came out the chef knew what he was doing because it came out exactly the way I wanted the dish! The dish was good but I don't think they had enough variety of veggies. Too many string beans.  Nether less my bf enjoyed his dish crab fried rice. Very nice atmosphere overall and professional fun staff but for the food in a vegan perspective I thought they could add more variety.
I really enjoyed my experience at Thai Kuu. The service was very friendly and accommodating. 

The green curry dish I ordered was super tasty and a little spicy which I enjoyed, but my date didn't. He ordered the red and it was much too hot for him. I'm sure they would adjust the temperature, but they didn't ask us as I normally experience in Thai restaurants and we forgot to ask them. 
The portions here are large and they were willing to alter the dish to remove ingredients. We ordered the lettuce wraps for an appetizer and it was so flavorful. I also experienced for the first time, a presentation of specials on an Ipad screen. It was cool to see the photos of the meals, but I had to keep asking the server to flip back to previous photos because there wasn't an actual specials menu to read, just the quick photo slideshow! The only downside was that it was super dark and there weren't candles. Also, the plates were oddly shaped, so it was slightly awkward if you need to cut something. 

The ambience is kind of trendy and it's a very clean and modern restaurant, but it still feels casual and welcoming. But maybe that was also because my server was so nice!
A note to vegans planning on eating here: Thai Kuu has recently updated their menus to mark gluten free and vegan options. As someone who eats here fairly often, was really exciting for me. I ordered a soup that was marked vegan. Not once, but twice, did the soup come to me with chicken in it. The first time they were so appolegtic and promised there would not be a mishap with the new dish they brought. Wrong, chicken again. This is especially disappointing because the menu was just updated to mark vegan options. So to other vegans out there, maybe skip this one.
Lovely restaurant and staff. I've ordered close to a dozen times in the past year and yesterday was my first trip dining in. Their shrimp pad Thai is my go to dish! Wish I was a bit more adventurous with their menu but maybe in due time. Pickup times are very accurate when ordering out and their site is convenient and simple. I also like that you can customize the spice level and even though I eat every part of their dish, I never leave feeling uncomfortably stuffed. You can tell they use quality ingredients and not a lot of oils or additives and my body really appreciates that lol
I went to Thai Kuu on a Friday night with my boyfriend and his grandmother. She made reservations so we had no problem getting a table. The restaurant is very small and packed. I was feeling grouchy from the noise and difficult to hear the other people at the table...

Then the food came, it was amazing! I forgot about how loud the place was and thoroughly enjoyed my meal. It turned a so so dining experience to a great one! I ordered crab meat fried rice and chicken pad see ew (not on the menu) to share. Both were amazingly good especially pad see ew that is my favorite Thai food which wasn't on the menu but the server said they could make it. I highly recommend  they put it on the menu.

The prices were on the high side, I would definitely go back but probably for lunch (less crowds/less expensive)
Woo hoo!  We have been waiting for a Thai restaurant to open near our house and we weren't disappointed in Thai Kuu. Started with the dumplings and the beef salad...both absolutely divine. They don't skimp on the spice and flavor. Then I had chicken pad Thai (boring choice, but I'm always on the lookout for amazing pad Thai).  It was awesome. Can't believe I finished the entire enormous portion!  My hubby got basil chicken and loved it...the basil was fried crispy and incredible. 

I also had two Thai iced coffees because they were so good. 

The whole thing was $40 which I thought was more than reasonable. 

We will definitely be going back. Excited to find out if the carry out is as good as the table experience.
Aw man, we thought we'd try this place again, nearly 2 years later and tired of the Ch Hill offerings.  My co-worker and I ordered take-out, she ordered the lunch special, they charged $1 more for the shrimp in her soup (they really need to specify this on the website, it just says $2.95 for any soup) and didn't include the spring rolls she ordered - found this out when I got back to the office.  My lemongrass soup was overly spicy and not tasty - and the shumai had no flavor and only 3?  I'm hungry and sad and out $11 for this.  Not trying them again.  They *did* say they'd deliver a full order of spring rolls this afternoon, that might make us a bit happier... stay tuned.
I LOVE this food and I'm so sad that I am UNWILLING to order from here until they decide to change their policy during Covid-19.

I called just now, because I heard from a friend that they don't require their kitchen staff to wear masks or gloves.

My friend used to love getting food from here and once about a week ago (last week of August) she said the guy at the front counter didn't have his mask on and when she asked him to put a mask on, he did.  The other person in the store (who he said was his wife), wasn't wearing a mask.  He went on to state that they don't require their kitchen staff to wear masks either.

I found this hard to believe and so I called them and he confirmed what she had said & he seemed rather irritated by my asking and then hung up.

If I'm the only one that feels this way, you should keep going there.  If you are more in my camp of how this is an important part of crushing this Pandemic, I encourage you to STOP - but tell them why you aren't going to order.

I look forward to them changing their position/policy so I can enjoy their food instead of having to drive to Conshohocken to Chang Mai to get my Thai Food Fix.

By the way, their post here says they do require their staff to wear masks - but that doesn't seem to have been communicated to their staff.
I've been here twice--once with a large group and once solo. Both times have not disappointed. This last time I intended to go with my husband, but after we ordered our food, he was called to a meeting at work. I decided to stay and eat my food and take his to go. It was such a relaxing environment that I needed that oasis. I ordered crab fried rice and it was full of huge chunks of delicious crab. I am not ashamed to say that I took no leftovers home. It was that good! The staff is kind and thoughtful and attentive and the food is worth it.
Stopped in here for dinner with a friend, and the food was good.

Service however, not so much.

We were initially the only patrons in the restaurant, yet the waitstaff seemed indifferent to our presence.

The server's attention was sporadic, and often poorly timed.  For example, she never came to ask if we were enjoying our appetizer, when my friend really wanted peanut sauce, yet swooped in as soon as a single credit card hit the booklet when we were intending to split the check.

We were not offered boxes for our leftovers and had to ask for them.  Even after that, I had to ask again to take the rice along with my entree.

Crab fried rice and pineapple himmaparn were delicious and at the perfect spice level.  Fresh spring rolls with shrimp were ok, but strangely served with sriracha instead of peanut sauce.

If I lived in this neighborhood, I might patronize this spot for take out, but the service was so meh that I won't bother to eat here again.  A shame, because the space is really classy inside!
Yesterday we ate outside at 2:00 in the afternoon.  It was the third time we have been to Thai Kuu and each time was better.  This little BYOB serves an elegant version of Thai food.  I am not a particular fan of some of the preparations that typically are served at Thai restaurants and perhaps this is why I like this one so much.  The fair tends to be lighter, with less coconut and less added sweetness.  The spice is still there.  The seafood is fresh and perfectly done.  I think it's top notch and it has made me a fan of Thai food.
I can not believe I never wrote a review until now for my favorite Thai place in chestnut hill. The atmosphere is elegant and you are also allowed to bring in your own alcohol. It is very convenient because the wine and spirits is right across the way. The staff members are very accommodating and offer recommendations. This was one of my favorite restaurants when we lived down the street ! Now that we are about an hour away I still have not found my own favorite Thai place ! 

I love the pad Thai, pineapple dish and also the teriyaki dishes ! Sometimes I just get the avocado salad and soup ! So delicious !! I would recommend this place to anyone who loves Thai food. The take out is also very quick and great to bring home and enjoy.
Best edamame I've ever had. Solid curries, pad Thai etc. really nice ambiance. Extra credit for knowing about veganism. Overpriced for the experience though.
So I've been to Thai Kuu twice since my last review and it's official...5 stars!!! One of the nights I decided to get take out. I didn't call ahead and figured I would just order a soda and sit at the bar while I waited. I ordered the crispy golden bags and vegetable pad thai. I waited for maybe 15 minutes, paid, and drove home illegally fast dying to tear into the stuff that was making my car smell like pure heaven. The bags were even better than I remembered and the pad thai was absolute perfection. 
The last night I was there was for an early dinner before I went into work. I arrived at about 4:45pm and was told that the kitchen didn't open until 5pm but that they would bring me a Thai Iced Coffee 'on the house' to enjoy while I waited. It was delicious and I'm pretty sure that they didn't really make me wait until 5pm anyway. That evening I had the Thai crispy spring rolls...delicious! And another round of the veggie pad thai...I'm completely hooked. 
Loving Thai Kuu more and more each time!
Keep up the good work and you'll be here to stay!
I've always wanted to try Thai Kuu since I regularly walk past it on my way to the liquor store.  The fantastic Yelp deal ($10 for $20 of credit) provided the ideal opportunity.

Service:  Terrible.  That sounds harsh, but the waiter forgot to put in one of the apps we ordered (Daily special Dragon Roll), consequently by the time we politely inquired (graciously allowing him to keep his dignity) and the dish came out we were more or less done with our meal.  

Food:  Meh, at best.  In fairness we ordered a small army of appetizers only, and didn't try any of the more traditional Thai dishes.  Perhaps these are delicious, but I'll probably never know because I won't be going back to Thai Kuu.  One of the apps (Tempura Calamari) came out colder than room temp, obviously it had been sitting for awhile before being brought out.  Shame because the sauce that came with it was phenomenal.  The other apps were ok, nothing special.  Chicken Skewers, Leek Buns, Shrimp Shumai, Softshell Crab were what we had.  I'm not mentioning any of them individually because they simply aren't worth it.
My husband and I have eaten here now several times, and we have yet to be disappointed. This place must bathe their pad thai in awesomeness, it's just SO good!!!!  And a lunch special for $8?! Yes, please.
Unreal Thai food - best flavors and quality in all of Philly. Love it here- from curry to noodles I can't say enough great things about this place and will be back many many times!
Had dinner at Thai Kuu a couple of nights ago and it was pretty good.  The staff was friendly, attentive and very helpful.  I've eaten here a few times before and each time has been consistent.
For appetizers my wife had the soup which was pretty basic miso. I had the Steamed shrimp wontons which were absolutely delicious. But then the meal arrived! 

Hot stone with Himalayan salt was absolutely coolness. It gives a flavor that you just can't get any other way . My wife had the shrimp on the stone and it was absolutely fantastic. I had their house special curry with oysters, shrimp, veggies--  calamari which when you put on the stone become a treat and of themselves-- and probably the best tasting succulent scallop I've had since I was in PEI, off Nova Scotia. It was that good. 

Place is extraordinarily intimate, attractive, waitstaff spectacular, and the kitchen knows exactly what they're doing. A little hard to find, but we will be back and back again. It's BYOB too!
Vegetarian ? hardly. When I inquired, was told all the curries are made with chicken stock. Seems strange to offer tofu as a protein option- but have the sauces made with chicken stock. Service has improved (maybe because business seems to have dropped off a bit). Pad Kee Mou (sp?) is good and one of the FEW, truly vegetarian options available. 
Have repeatedly asked the owner to improve and clarify the vegetarian options, but have seen no changes.
Love the BYOB policy - especially since it is across the mall from the Chestnut Hill Liquor Store- which has a fairly decent selection.
I was so excited to get a Thai restaurant in the neighborhood. Just had takeout. Veggie and the chicken pad Thai. Both were great but I think the prices are too high. More expensive than Cin Cin but I think much better.
Saturday night dinner, very crowded, poor layout, furniture is too large for the space.  Service friendly but slow, food was very mediocre.  Spring rolls were greasy and tasteless, soft shell crab was mushy, duck was good, chicken ginger stir fry was kind of boring and reminded me of ok Chinese food.  The owner is a lovely man, I hope they can work out the kinks.  I was under the impression that Thai food was fresh with lost of flavor.  Step it up a notch guys.
Unfortunately, I had the most disturbing end to a pretty good night. My date and I went here for dinner last night (6/19/19), and we enjoyed a pleasant meal with decent service. After paying for our meal, however, my date saw a mouse running along the baseboard. We immediately alerted the staff and promptly left. I have spoken to the owner, and she said that they will have an exterminator in tonight, but the business is still open and serving food. She was kind to offer me a 10%discount off of my next visit, but there will not be a next visit from me. Beware
I was craving something filling yet relatively healthy, so after a nice yelp search I discovered Thai Kuu. I ordered a medium spicy dish, and I must say the flavor was wonderful. The basil really was a wonderful taste in addition to the spice and veggies. 

Will order again!
Food was digesting! Worst Thai food I ever ate in my whole life! This place does not deserve a 3 stars. I've been working down center city as a waitress for so long, have tried many Thai food and it's so upsetting because my boyfriend is Thai. They had carrots in every dish, all their food was so sweet! Tom Kah was sweet, fried rice was sweet, pad Thai was sweeter than candy. I felt like I was going to get diabetes by the end of the night. Waitress did not pay attention to us she did not even ask how was the food, maybe because they know that their food isn't that authentic. Service was bad, food was horrible! On top of that I came with a group of friend we all did not like our food but did not want to be rude to ask if they can take it off the check instead we packed everything to go and guess where it went? In the trash of course so gross and so upsetting.
Excellent Thai destination! 

Thai Kuu has a large menu of traditional classics as well as innovative specials. 

Adorable, romantic, chic BYO setting.

Service is attentive and pleasant.
This was our first time dining here. It was recommended by Food Chasers on IG. The food was delicious. I had spicy basil shrimp and my hubby had a dish with chicken & veggies, and calamari as a appetizer. Loved the atmosphere, outside seating was great too. My only complaint was the sever Chris who was recommended wasn't there, & our waitress was nice, but not very attentive and seemed like she was new. We look forward to returning with an out of town guest soon.
Another accidental find. Tried to get into Heirloom and were not disappointed at all to find Thai Kuu, with its hip dining room and covered outdoor space. 

It's a BYOB but conveniently the state store is a few doors away.  They serve a full range of Thai specialties, as well as "on the rock" meals which you cook yourself on a 700 degree rock!  Since we didn't feel like "cooking" we opted for shrimp red curry and the softshell crab special. Note that iPads are used to display the beautifully crafted specials - I totally dig SEEING as well as hearing about the specials!

Softshells were beautifully presented with and orchid on top. Red shrimp curry was NO JOKE!  Food is authentically spicy. Wakes you up for sure, and left my lips tingling!  Coconut sorbet was divine and helped to cool my lips down :)

A great find, we'll be back!
Ordered spicy chicken fried rice and red curry with chicken. The food was really good with the right balance of spices,  though a bit pricey.  Would definitely go back.  The service is good and the owner checked in with us to see if everything was good and had a nice conversation.
We arrived here on a Friday night and it was packed! We are glad about this, we live near here and want a Thai place. In short...

- It's very cramped when busy, too cramped. Space needed... or the space needs to be re-evaluated.

- I've read reviews that the pad Thai was dry, this was definitely not dry. They've fixed it. Our chicken pad Thai was amazing. 

- we ate the duck golden baskets as an appetizer and it was amazing as well. 

- the prices are a bit high, however, the lunch specials redeem that. 

It's BYOB so yay! We'll gladly become regulars.
First off, the service was exceptional, where my young kids were concerned. The staff was cheery and anticipated almost any situation, without being asked. For that I give 5 stars. 

From the 3 dishes I thought my kids could for sure to eat, as they do not do well with spice,  the Pad Thai was the best for them. The other two dishes, two starters were OK but a bit spicy: a) the duck packets were yummy(and my younger child agreed), and the shrimp shumai was too greasy in my opinion (so I wouldn't get that again).

For our mains, we ordered an unusual fillet minion steak in Penang Curry, and the steak was was excellent and tender, but it was grilled and just plopped atop the curry. Really they should have two separate dishes. As for our other main, the pineapple rice was presented nicely, but it was HEAVY on the salt, and the stir fry hadn't been done correctly as the egg in it had obviously been thrown in while frying the rice (you need to pre-fry the egg and chop it finely into the prepared rice at the last minute), as the rice was clumped and mushy and not a ricey texture which I'm used to for such a dish (and yes, I've lived in Thailand, so I know). Also, it was VERY expensive at $20 for that rice dish alone. The prices are def. $$$.

The deserts of sticky rice with mango was delish and the gingery creme caramel was subtle and creamy. The green tea ice-cream wasn't as good as I've had it elsewhere though, so might give that a miss next time.

Also, when making a booking, ask to be seated away from the windows, and along the wall, as during the winter there was a strong cold draft and my kids had to wear their winter coats to stay warm. I suppose we could have asked to be re-seated, but the restaurant filled up too quickly.

I would come back, but for lunch as I understand that their lunches are far more reasonable in pricing and it would be a good way to sample the food quality consistency. Then maybe return and give the dinner option a 2nd chance on a "date night".
Very good Thai food. 16 of us went for my daughter's wedding rehearsal dinner. The table was set and ready for us. It was great being a byo. We shared appetizers and then ordered from the menu.
It is a small place but service and food were great.
Great food, nice atmosphere... Clean, quaint...food arrival was a little slow but was great tasting the day I went
I have been coming.here since they opened and I have always been pleased with the service and the food. First it is so lovely inside ,the decor is perfect. The servers are all friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu. I like that when it's nice they offer outside service. I always go with friends and we all love it here. I really enjoy their dumplings and spring rolls, but my favorite thing is the crab fried rice. I get it almost every time. Also they have delivery which is great. Keep up the good work guys you're awesome!!!
Very good food.  It's very cozy and I love the ambiance.  I've dined in twice, once for lunch and once for dinner.  I noticed that during the evening hours the sevice is a little slow.  I usually call ahead and pick up my food anyway.
Beautiful restaurant! Decors made me feel like i am eating amongst goddesses, so simple, classy and clean. Awesome lunch special! Perfect portion sizes and super affordable. Came here for green curry and it gave me just what I needed.
BYOB with no cork fees. Waitors were so nice to give us a bucket of ice for the wine we bought next door.
At a very great location in Chestnut Hill, so after this warm meal, I jsut took a nice walk around the neighborhood and boutiques.
This is a brand new BYOB restaurant conveniently located right next to a liquor store.  I ate dinner there with some friends and the food was great.  I got an appetizer called golder bags or something close to that and it was amazing.  For the entree I got the surf and turf hot rock.  They bring a piece of rock that has been heated to about 800F to your table with shrimp, beef, scallop, etc.  It's sizzling and cooks right in front of you.  The aromas were amazing.  The service could improve slightly but as I mentioned before, they are brand new and there are always a few kinks that need to be worked out at first.  I'm sure however that they will be running smoothly soon and that the quality of the service will improve to meet the quality of the food.
We always have great food and service whenever we go to eat. We enjoy the wait staff and the food is consistent. Definitely worth it!
Nice little spot.  Inexpensive.  BYOB.  Fast service and great food.

*Warning!  They underestimate their spicy scale.  1 to 5.  I requested a 2 with the 3 option on the side.  I'll admit, it lit me up at bit.  Never added the extra peppers.  Didn't dare.  Can't imagine the 5....

A little tight in terms of seating.  Not a place to hang out.  No ambiance to speak of.  Just eat and go.  But the food was very good.
My wife and I took advantage of a free night out and wanted to check this place out and were not disappointed.  The location is so tough because of the Septa bus depot right out front, which really kills the vibe when you want to have a nice dinner outside but are instead huffing the exhaust from a bus.  It's easy to see how a restaurant would struggle here.

With that in mind, we choose to sit inside and eat.  Small but quaint, they did a really nice job renovating the place with a more modern look.  Made me think I was in a tiny Steven Starr restaurant.

We started with edamame and the 'golden bags' which were essentially duck wrapped in rice and deep fried -- amazing.  My wife also had the hot and sour soup and really liked it.  For our entrees we had the lamb massaman curry special and pineapple chicken fried rice.  The curry was fantastic, massaman sauce near perfect and lamb cooked just right.  The pineapple chix fried rice was OK, per my wife.

The service was a little slow for a quiet weeknight, but wasn't bad at all.  

It's restaurants like this (and Mica, Iron Hill, CH7)  that make me hopeful that Chestnut Hill is going through a similar renaissance that center city has experienced.  Really hope these guys make it; will definitely go back when we have a chance and try the pad thai.
My husband and I have eaten here often and normally enjoy our meal. Last night was different. I ordered the Thai Kuu fried rice with tofu and vegetables, normally a lovely dish. Last night some of the tofu was burnt and the only vegetables were onion and a carrot garnish. My husband ordered Pad Thai with tofu and vegetables, again, no vegetables. 
The owner/manager normally walks around asking customers about their meals; last night he was peeking out from behind the kitchen door. It made me wonder if he knew the food was being sent out sub-par.
We will return in the hopes that last night was an off night.
Food was delicious. Atmosphere is nice. Servers were sitting at the counter on the phones the entire time.
I was very excited to see Thai Kuu here in Chestnut Hill where the restaurants are mediocre at best. We went on their second night, so yes, the service was slow, but they had just opened. The food was delicious and portions were generous. Definitely give Thai Kuu a try. The pad thai was delicious. We were too full for dessert. It's right near the liquor store, which is a plus. Come out and support this restaurant!
It's an authentic Thai food..... Loves the flavor of juicy basil leaves...great variety of meat n can able to customize the dish between veg n non- veg food.....
Just had their Pad Thai! AMAZING. I never had such a flavorful dish. I think I just found another favorite on the Hill!
The food here is awesome! Delivery was also surprising quick, it estimated an hour but it came within 30 minutes or so which was great. I will definitely order here again and stop in for a visit.
Cute little place with great food! Love that it's BYOB and has outdoor seating. I've enjoyed everything I've eaten here, especially the variety of curry they have. I love coming by here on a Friday night for a guaranteed good dinner!
I have been to Thai Kuu a few times for dine-in and a few times for take-out.  While their service was great (their waitstaff is SUPER friendly!!!), their portion sizes are small (lunch and dinner) and they are WAY overpriced ($13 for a small portion of over-sauced and under-veggied vegetarian curry???).  They are pretty stingy on the rice, especially for take-out.  Also, I have found that sometimes their curries are hit-or-miss, which combined with the price per portion makes this not a very good deal.  I will say that they have delicious thai iced tea, and the duck dumplings were great!
This place smells like a dog kennel! It was terrible. I could not enjoy anything we ordered because the smell was so bad. I thought we were eating at the SPCA. I will not go back.
SLOW..... I went in for a quick lunch on a Tuesday took over 45 minutes for my meal to be completed.  There were only two other people in the restaurant at the time, the service was way to slow for a quick lunch.  I ordered the Tom yum soup with shrimp, there was one shrimp in the soup.  Ordered the chicken curry, it only had 5 small pieces of chopped chicken.  I informed the server that the protein was lacking and he then told me that the portion was a 3oz chicken.  The chicken was maybe an ounce and that is being generous.  I then received the incorrect bill amount.  Overall subpar experience and I will not be back.
We were really excited about this restaurant and anticipated its arrival for months!  We looked at the menu once it was posted and couldn't believe--pad thai for $18 for dinner but were excited when we saw the price at lunch was 1/2 the cost.  It was a generous lunch size (veggie pad thai) but was just ok, pretty dry actually, I kept putting lime on top.  My friend had the coconut soup which she said had a big layer of oil on top and she didn't eat.  We will go back in a few weeks and try it, we want it to work things out and succeed!
Just spent 15 minutes on hold trying to place a carry out order (apparently they don't deliver on Mondays). Going to find a new spot for Thai.
I come here regularly and enjoy the tasty Thai food and good service! All dishes I've had are good. I especially like the red curry, pad kee mao, and basil fried rice. The golden bags are a yummy appetizer!

The inside is nicely decorated and comfortable, though a bit small. The outside seating is not particularly scenic with a loud air conditioner and concrete floor. However, its nice to have the option to sit outside on warm days.

Overall, Thai Kuu is a great local Thai restaurant!
Thai Kuu is awesome! My husband and I ate there not too long ago, and we were impressed by the food , atmosphere, and service. We kind of stumbled upon it while heading to the Wine and Spirits Shop, which was great when we realized it was BYOB...we sat outside by the awesome furnaces...lovely. I had the tuna "on the rock" and it was very cool...plus the rock served as an extra warmer to our outdoor autumn dining!
The Food: Overall I thought the food was good. I had the chicken pad thai.  The size of the dish vs. the cost was pretty average.  The dumplings were good and almost had a BBQ taste, which I wasn't expecting.  My boyfriend ordered the coconut curry which he liked also. The food itself I would rate 3-4 stars.

Delivery: The biggest mistake was ordering this food for delivery.  It was a Monday, so we figured the wait wouldn't be too bad.  The Eat 24 app said there would be a wait time of 45 minutes to an hour.  After TWO HOURS, our food finally came.  Sorry, but I don't want to eat dinner at 9 pm.  After waiting about an hour and 20 minutes, we contacted the Eat 24 people since we weren't sure where the delay was occurring and they called the restaurant to get the order pushed through. Somehow it still took over 30 minutes for us to get our food.  Maybe a delivery person called out sick that night, but we never got an explanation.  Pretty disappointing...
Very cute restaurant. Inside is a bit small/tight. Tables are close together, but adds to the intimate atmosphere. 

The food was tasty with Lots of fresh veggies and they definitely didn't skimp on the amount of meat/seafood. I really enjoyed the chicken dumplings. 

Price point seems a bit high.
First time here and was pretty impressed. The place is small, decor is nice and so is the plating! BYOB for those who don't know and there's a wine & spirits directly across the restaurant. 

Now...For it to be a small place the service even tho everyone was all smiles and very polite... was a little laxed... Everyone was by, at or behind the bar but, that quickly changed once what seemed to be the "BosLady" arrived. She was much more attentive and assertive! 

On another note... I ordered the table top rock (Sea Bass) and tho it seems to be an exciting experience it can be quite dangerous. The tables are small and the hot rock comes in a tray with two other compartments and gets placed directly in front of u. A little alarming at first.. Things where going good up until I decided to put my culinary hat on and and used my sauce on my fish while it was cooking for flavor. The sauce and the rock did not like each other! My food began to pop at me and I got burned a few times during the process. 

On a positive side... I'd go back. The food was good and I'm all about second go rounds! Mayb not with the rock but the food was pretty impressive. I had their edamame, shrimp dumpling soup, their ginger house salad, the sea bass with white rice and veggies and finished it off with their coconut sorbet witch was all AMAZING!
i'll start by saying I don't think I've ever given a 1 star review before. But our experience there this past weekend was positively awful. We've been to Thai Kuu about a half a dozen times since it opened, but not recently. Something has definitely gone terribly wrong. We even asked the waitress if it was still owned by the same people; she said yes, though we aren't sure if she understood us. Which brings me to one of the consistent problems that day - wrong dishes. After waiting 15 minutes for our soup to arrive, I received the wrong one. And it took way too long for the replacement to arrive. It's soup, for God's sake! Don't you have a pot sitting there with a ladle in it? Then the the main dishes arrived and my husband's Massaman Curry had no potatoes in it! When we sent it back, we stressed that we had hoped to eat together and had already eaten our first courses separately. But, again, much too long of a wait. And, to add insult to injury, we discovered our curries were much too similar in taste. Both were a good example of a use of hot pepper to disguise mediocre flavor. So disappointing! Neither of us felt well afterwards, which really clinched it for us. We will not be back!
This quirky BYOB Thai location is perfect for a nice dinner outside with friends or family. The food is high quality. However, it does push the expensive side. The calamari was not too chewy and the tempura outside and the sauce it was paired with was very nice. The lettuce wraps (didn't eat) was a large portion size that my fellow diners enjoyed. The Tom Yum soup was your classic Thai concoction as was the Miso soup.

I had the half pineapple tofu, which was out of this world. The presentation of this meal was stunning. The entire plating service of this meal was very elegant for an outside eating establishment.

The only  negative to an absolutely wonderful meal was the service. The waiter though attentive appear to be slightly on the 'impaired side' his functions and manners suggested either drunk or high as a kite so he was extremely hard to understand.
I have only had their Tom Kha soup, which was decently priced and had good flavor. Next time I will try one of their Curry dishes. I'm a sucker for Tom Kha soup, so If I find a place that does well with their soup.. I'll try something else afterwards.
I have stopped eating at this Thai Restaurant for several reasons. The owner is a very unfriendly miserable person. In the entire time she has taken over what was once one of my favs, the place has gone so downhill. 
Despite being likely their best regular customer, the owner has NEVER greeted me or even said hello. Not a word. I thought that she did not speak English, so I overlooked this most inhospitable behavior. Recently I heard her talking in English, much to my chagrin .
Once I was aware I told her off, and I will never go back again. I spent too much money there to put up with such poor hostile behavior in the 'hospitality' business. 
The food is decent for Thai, but the menu has not changed and many many years and there are never any specials. There are better Thai restaurants around my area. 
I usually went there for lunch and it was usually dead. I can understand why! If it is still in business in a year, I will be shocked. I certainly won't be a patron of such a nasty owner. She has bitten a hand that feeds her. She is not in the right business for her character or lack thereof.
Hmm so I have been to Thai Kuu 3 times the first time was a 5* 2nd time was a 3* and the 3rd time was a 3* so I will go with an overall 3 1/2* i guess. I love their tom yum soup. But their pad thai is sub par sometimes. It is worth trying if you live in the area, but overall its nothing amazing.
I am happy to able to support Thai Kuu during this difficult time.  I used to eat here every single week but the food seemed to change over the past year and I believe due to new ownership.  I ordered it tonight and was so excited since I haven't had it in a while.  I was pleasantly surprised with my take out except my chicken lettuce wraps came without lettuce and I feel silly calling about it and it's too far to drive to just pick up pieces of lettuce.
Don't think I've ever written a bad review.  Im just so disappointed....

I'm not sure if they have new owners....   It used to be good.  Quaint small - place that we used to like going to.

Just had one of the worst experiences with a disregard for customer service or experience.

They were making a call (due to internet being down) - on speaker phone.  My request was that they take it off speaker so we could enjoy our meal without that please hold annoying music blaring....

The waitress was nice, but seemed tired and overworked.  

Me and my girls went out to have a nice dinner, not to be a burden on the server or to have to hear loud speaker phone hold music and future conversation.

Too bad.....   maybe they will sell again or become more customer focused.

Fortunately we hadn't ordered yet, so we just left....
If you want to be treated badly, please come here :) It doesn't matter if you are a long standing customer here, you won't get treated with respect if they are "busy". The younger woman at the front who takes to go orders has serious issues and cannot be stable in a "busy" environment. When I asked the cashier for changed she yelled "no", I then asked someone else at the front for change the younger woman grabbed the change from them and slammed it on the table. Prior to this I had one question about the sauce in the dish I wanted to order and she completely blew me off. I reported this to the manager, who did not seem to care at all. When the manager went to the back, the younger woman at the front screamed very loudly and sarcastically  at me "I AM SO SORRY I AM JUST BUSYYY" almost throwing her body at me. This was when I requested a refund because I wasn't expecting to get my dinner from an insane asylum.
Really cute spot surrounded by small amount of shopping and great parking. Ambience is perfect. It's BYOB .. food is Delicious  I've eaten here quite a few times and it's always spot on ... highly recommend
Definitely a hidden gem! My cousin was raving about this place so we had to try it. We went when it first opened on a Sunday. The food was extremely fresh. The lunch combo is such a great deal! Its also BYOB- so how can you go wrong!! Parking is ample. They even brought a little dresser for my cousin since it was her birthday. Service was great. There was enough room for us to comfortably seat six. We all had a great time. Everything is good. Period!!
