The Bayou Bar & Grill is an inexpensive place to start - or end - your night, and they offer amazingly generous happy hour specials.

This Manayunk bar is casual (a few folks were wearing sandals), clean[1], and comfortable (it's not divey, but it doesn't try to be anything special). There's room for a decent crowd: we're talking front and rear areas on two floors, complete with table and booth seating. Numerous TV screens let you watch the game du jour and participate in video Quizzo, a nice touch. Rub elbows with a younger mix of local girls and guys, with room to navigate.

Friends invited me here to support a charity fundraiser. Two friends were guest bartending, working side-by-side with the resident staff, taking orders and pouring drinks. All the bartenders were courteous, and the bouncer was friendly!

We started with shots of Black Haus, then I was offered the house's special shot, the Green Gator. Surprisingly refreshing, with a hint of pineapple, each shot brought a smile to my face.

See you at the Bayou! I'll return for their crab leg special, and for more Green Gator shots...

[1] Towards midnight, one bathroom smelled absolutely wretched, but you're not spending quality time in there, right? Nothing some industrial air freshener can't fix.
I need to preface this review with a few notes: 1) It is based on multiple visits and not one specific visit and 2) The Bayou is probably my favorite bar in Manayunk.

That being said, you are probably wondering how I could rate my favorite bar only 3 stars?!?  While the Bayou has a lot to offer, which I will go into shortly, it is still just an average bar that is very consistent.  While I do not think it will ever blow me away, I know it will also never disappoint.

The Bayou also sponsors the Manayunk Sports and Social League, including the end of season banquets and a free drink after every game... So go sign up to play some fun coed sports where everyone wins (a free drink that is)!

So what does it offer... friendly service, two floors with three bars, decent food, good specials, clean yet with that hole-in-the-wall feel.  Also plenty of TVs to catch the game with friends or random strangers!

Wednesday $2 Roast Beef that actually tastes good and quizzo
Friday Happy Hour $1 You Call It (very nice way to start the weekend)
I'm bumping my previous rating up to 4 stars.  After having explored more of Main St and its evening entertainment options (bars), the Bayou offers a good time, great specials, and no cover!
I have been coming here since college good wing specials on Mondays and drinks. I write one star because they have servers who can be plain old nasty. It makes you HIGHLY question if race plays a role when you enter a predominantly white area and watch others receive good service and then your waiter's attitude does a complete 180 on you when they service you. Its sad that people are allowed to treat you like your nonexistent in 2016. The manager forget his name big guy with glasses is a sweetheart and is the only reason I would return he has been kind to us for years. Staff must do better in upholding a professional mask at least. Our server was so MEAN and not attentive towards us it was sad to watch him be so friendly to other tables.
Just got home from here - great specials on Monday nights! Cheap wings, crabs, and beer. It seemed pretty homey and comfortable, full of local young people who knew the owner (?) by name. The music was pretty good while it was on - a mix of alt-rock and such. 

It's a nice place for a really casual night out with friends, with two floors for eating/drinking and also outdoor seating.
this place sucks.  

It's a bunch of frat boy types that all think doing their best kenny powers impersonation is a good way to live life and take the "it's cool to be a douchebag" bullshit to heart.  The girls here are the type of girls that think that type of guy is legitimately cool and these girls are not particularly classy or good looking. 

all of the food tastes like armpit sweat.  No one knows how to actually pour a Guinness and service is non-existent.
Another place where we were seated, sat, sat, sat, sat, sat!!! Bye, went next door and was waited on instantly. Poor service. Hire a few more people or look at ur slots for late hours. It's the summer and kids are out of school, ur busy! Lol.
I have TRIED to enter this place twice in the three years of living in manayunk. 

First time with my wife who's international and had her passport to drink at night. Door man didn't except a passport at the door.

Second time with my wife for happy hour. Turned away with her green card, US Govt ID, after being told to walk home and get an good proof of ID. 

Never treated well by any of the older staff members. Not international friendly.
Hate the bar, not my scene. I hear they have good specials on crappy beer... yay.

The food is nasty... tastes like day-old bar food that gave three of us the worst food poisoning ever. We all got wraps or sandwiches with lettuce that looked brown and wilted, and we all ate soggy buffalo chicken fingers, so who knows which did us in.

The service was about as bad as the food. We sat at a table that had dirty dishes, empty glasses and ketchup on it, which wasn't cleared until a minute before our food came out. When the food came out, we got a friendly "did you guys get this stuff?" from the server who then plopped it on the table. Once we were done, it took 15+ minutes to track down someone to let us pay the bill and get them to swipe my card.

I've never been upstairs so I can't vouch for what it's like late-night, but I don't plan on setting foot in there again so it's just as well.
now that I live across the country I find myself craving this buff chicken wrap and bar more than ever!  hands down my fav bar in manayunk, if not philly - so I needed to add a star! Also a fan of the bartender we call vinny bayou!!  

i can't believe the negative reviews - its a dive bar with amazing specials... know when to go manayunk is filled with college kids so if your not into crowds/dives avoid this place late night and stick to happy hour or lunch!
Bartender lied about steamer being on only to see to a customer  order after us. Service was crap, the "owner" argued that the service wasn't bad. Long story, really bad service, worst over.
The worst service! If I could give it negative stars I would. 
Just a reminder to the owners- you are in the service industry. Hire a bartender that knows what they are doing!
Mondays & Tuesdays = 20¢ wings, & $1.50 crabs... what else do you need to know?!!

The wings are generally consistent and pretty solid... not a superstar, but the best 20¢ wing around. Recently though, they've been pushing outstanding. 

Try to sit upstairs to avoid the frat party on the first floor.
I went to happy hour today (11.6.17) with two coworkers and from the beginning the server PITT was EXTREMELY rude! He did not speak to us when we entered and seened to have an attitude because we chose to sit in the back. 
He threw the menus on the table and ealked away. Took forever to come back for our order and then was very abrasive and not welcoming when we asked questions about the specials. Stating "no it is not" "no." Etc without offering any other details. It was like pulling teeth! My one coworker and I ordered Ketel one and Pineapple and received watered down water and juice with ice. We let him know (when he finally came back) and he proceeded to tell us what was in it (umm duh! i know what I ordered). I kindly asked him to take them back and he grabbed the glasses and slammed something down behind me then stormed up the aisle and slammed through the kitchen. He came back with the two glasses (hands over the top of the glass/over the liquid) and slammed them onto another table. That was the last straw! AND I saw him touch someone else's food order with his bare hands on the way out of the kitchen! Needless to say we all left immediately and cancel3d all food orders. First and last time. I'll never be back. So whoever reads this please let the owner know he lost three customers.
As a new resident of Manayunk, I've only just started to work my way around Main Street and its many establishments.

I stopped by the Bayou for Monday Night Football and after checking out the night's specials online. It's a nice, casual place where everyone seems to know each other. Lots of TVs for sports fans, and two floors of seating for those enjoying yummy, cheap wings (although a little small) and crabs (have yet to try, but they're cheap). 

A guy who I'm guessing is the owner/manager was really accommodating, funny, and cool with all the kids in the bar. Major points for being on a first name basis with customers and for just seeming like a cool dude.
Its a bar with 2 floors and 3 separate areas with bartenders so enough space to move around.  I was there on a Wednesday night and after 10pm there was $1 domestic bottles.  Definitely became a college atmosphere once the specials began but I just moved to another part of the bar when they crowded a specific area.

Avoid the bathrooms unless you have been imbibing a while, in which case you probably won't care at that point.  Usually when bathrooms aren't clean, then you know many other things aren't clean...

The bartenders are not talkative at all.  Their attitudes were: what do you want, here is your drink, pay for it, and don't bother me. not sure if thats indicative of the place they work or their personalities.

I was also there during quizzo and the "DJ" did not know how to use a microphone.  He also kept screaming into the mic trying to get one of the bartenders to acknowledge him "Can you hear me? Can you hear me?" and it wasn't until the entire side of the bar screamed "YES" that he realized it was too loud in the bar for HIM to hear the bartender say "yes" five times.

Its definitely a dive bar trying to mask itself as a little bit nicer of an establishment...
The bar was grim and narrow. The staff was extremely rude.
If you are looking for a casual place to kick back with friends.  This is your bar!  You can feel comfortable on a Friday night wearing sneakers and a T-shirt.  Best of all the beers are cheap.

Love all the TVs for sporting events and the bartenders are attentive.  They even changed the channel on one of the TVs so that I could see the Yankees game, while the Phillies and Flyers were playing!!!
I have hit this place hard in the past. I tend to get really excited when we say we are going to this place. It is one of the coolest places. They have beers on tap and in bottles. You can also order the hard stuff, but be careful, if you get Dina bartending, she has a heavy hand......let's just say, that she is not shy with giving out the sauce. 
As for the food, it is pretty average and good. They also are involved heavily in the sports scene in manayunk. They are involved with the leagues that are set up there. You can always pop in for a cold one or two, because you know that you need to get some sauce from time to time. I've gone in for one and wound up staying until close on more than one occasion. If you know someone, they will let you hang out past 2 from what I have heard.
Came here just to EAT a while back and they literally carded me over 4 times. Very unorganized. Very uncomfortable seating if you like to grub out. We got a few things to share and there was no room for our food on the table and we weren't allowed to get a bigger table because there was only 2 of us.... But the place was empty??? Plenty of other cozy bars that won't be hostile if you just want to eat. Such an odd establishment
If you live in Manayunk, then you already know that the Bayou is one of the best bars to hang out with a few close friends and kick back more than a few cheap beers.  It's also the sponsor for the manayunk sports league, so on saturday afternoons and week nights you'll find a lot of dirty but fun people kicking back a few.  All in all, it's a great place to be if you're trying to conserve money in the always expensive philadelphia night scene.
I've been here numerous times and have tipped generously. I've witnessed the bartender during the day on a weekday treat People of color unfairly compared to others. The service was significantly different than the persons on the other end of the bar who were Caucasian. It was clear of the energy of the bar and I believe that this was unacceptable. I won't be returning.
Manayunk, PA
Chill out bar spot with outdoor seating in Manayunk. Came here with a good friend on a weekday night. Wings I had were okay. Good company was important. Chit chat all night. Love the summers/early autumns here.
I keep looking at my previous reviews for the Bayou and think I need to say more.  The place is a solid bar, especially for Main Street.  No, you aren't going to stay here all night on a Friday or Saturday night, but it is more than happy to help get your evening started or to serve as a place to hang on a low key weeknight.

Monday and Tuesdays it has wing specials.  Wednesdays a great deal on a Roast Beef sandwich, and Thursdays a good deal on a Meatball sandwich.

Oh, and the $1 you call it Happy Hours on Fridays... I did say it was a great way to kick off the evening, didn't I?
A place I usually go to with "the guys"- my husband and all of his friends.  Bayou Bar is definitely a dude's place- super casual, an abundance of televisions, and  an endless supply of draft and bottled beers.  

We usually come out to  Bayou Bar on Monday nights for the specials: .20 wings, 1.50 crabs, and 1.75 Bud Lights.  Not a bad way to spend a Monday evening after a day of work.  The wings are a decent size and have a nice spicy zing to them.  Can't comment on the crabs (I don't eat seafood)  BUT everyone around me inhales them....I am constantly ducking as crab claws and bodies are being thrown into empty  trash buckets....ahhh the joys of going out with a group of guys!!

This place can get pretty crowded during the specials and on the weekends.  Be prepared to stand around and wait for either a table or stool at the bar.  Staff is friendly but you can tell that they get overwhelmed, especially during the food specials.  

I definitely consider Bayou Bar to be a a "staple" on  Main Street...don't miss it!
Hate it here. Cramped, constant full of drunk, ignorant post college boys stuck in frat boy mode, or suburb yuppies trying to be "Philly". The females are usually snobbish or just as ignorant as the frat boys. 

.20 cents wings....eh. Nothing great. I found hair in them once and never went back. Adobe on Leverington has way better wings and are also cheap.

Edit: 
Really, Abruzzo? You're going to call me rude for my review, but then say that because I have no profile picture, I must be ugly and have no friends? Then tell me that me finding hair in my wings is bullshit? Look in the mirror before calling anyone else rude. 

You're an immature, rude jackass who needs to brush up on your grammar skills before commenting on anything and spitting insults. 

That's why your bar is the way it is. Vinny and Tony are the best things you got going. Everything else about it sucks. 

Instead of taking offense to a customer review, maybe you should be a professional and work on bettering your establishment. But, then again, you already thing your bar is the best thing since sliced bread. Figures a pretentious ass like yourself would stoop to this level. 

Shame.... 

Take a look at the other comments. Your place isn't as good as you think it is and it's not a good idea to put down people who spread word about your establishment.
I don't tend to trek into Manayunk often but the last few times I've gone down it has been to Bayou.  My friends are on the darts league here and it's a lively, welcoming bunch!

This is a two-story bar and keep in mind that if you order on the second floor (draft beer or food) you will have to wait for the bartender to go downstairs, get it, and come back up.  They were really quick about this but I could see it getting kind of crazy on a busy night.  

I had the bayou fries and fried shrimp...more of a fan of the fried shrimp!  Service was very quick and everything was hot when we got it.  

Don't forget to check in with Yelp because they sometimes have specials ;)
Friendly sports bar with a predictably young crowd that tolerates the over forty set with aplomb, especially on dollar crab night during the summer. Go for the crabs, fries and their small but very good wings and the nightly special beer and you can have a very happy evening.  Upstairs deck was great until they enclosed it, but it extends the space for overflow in the winter I suppose.  Crabs are not large but sweet and heavy.  This place is  fun on a summer night.
Just alright bartenders are rude
Place sucks.  A bunch of dicks left Pitchers Pub to start this place.  It lacks a positive vibe and is a dump.
The quickest memory that comes to mind that I have of the Bayou are the bartenders. All the guys seems to have a stick up their butt. They are kind of cocky and mean, especially on a friday or saturday night. I've gotten better service on slower nights there however. The food is kinda mediocre at best. 

The only thing this place has going for it are the cheap light beer specials, and the fact that they support the local inter-mural sports teams. 

Work on the customer service, and I'll definitely swing by there again...
Only giving this place one star because of their outdoor seating and happy hour.  Otherwise it would be 0  I went for their happy hour on a Friday, which was $2 craft beers.  Excellent price, but that was the pinnacle of the experience.

We also ordered nachos, which where tostitos with microwaved shredded cheese on top, with no fresh toppings.  They were almost un-edible because they were left in the microwave too long.

After ordering a round of drinks, we looked to get another round, but the waitress was no where to be found.  She came out 10 minutes later and we order two more drinks, 20 minutes went by and she had never came back out.  When she finally returned we just asked for the check.

It was a bad experience, I think it was the mangers fault for under staffing, but I would never go back.
Slow service and mediocre food. 

I went here two weeks ago. The place had about a dozen customers. My girlfriend and me ordered our food at 12:30 p.m.  at 1:18 we're told that they ran out of a particular food item. (crabcakes) Why wait 45 minutes to tell us?  We were seated by the kitchen door and there wasn't tons of crabcakes flying out the place. 

Here's how it should've gone:

12:30 p.m: Order placed.
12:35 p.m.: Server returns to table and says, "Sorry but we're all out of crabcakes. But I gladly recommend a........"
!2:35 p.m. : I respond with, "Sure I'll have that. Thank you.

12:50:  We eat our food. Leave a nice tip and tell our friends about this place. 

See how this works?


FYI: A 20 cent chicken wing tastes like a 20 cent chicken wing.
Horrible wings. We were so excited to eat our wings on Sunday for the game. Ordered for pick-up. They smelled awesome. We had 10 honey-barbecue wings and 10 hot buffalo wings. Again.. horrible!! They tasted like trash. No flavor. Dry (even they looked juiced up for about 1 minute). And so tiny!! It was really a joke. I could only find 1 pic that I will upload. Definitely not coming back to try anything else. That was just the worst wings I've ever eaten. Can't understand the reviews. Even Pizza Hut makes better wings smh.
The bartender was nice we went for lunch my coworkers and I. The food was pretty good I had the lunch special chicken parmesan sandwich and fries. Very nice armosphere
I've been to the Bayou on a number of occasions and the clientele changes depending on what time of the week/day you're there. Go on a Friday/Saturday and there will be young people vying for the cheap drinks. Go during an Eagles game and you'll see tons of Manayunk natives (who are super-friendly, especially if you're in Eagles green). Probably the best thing about the Bayou is the prices--super-low pretty much all the time and great specials every day.

Also, this place throws a good open bar party--if you ever have a chance to go to a college sports open bar event, do it. The whole second floor is yours (at least the one I went to), and the drinks just keep coming, plus there is plenty of bar food to keep everyone sated.

Bayou is a Manayunk classic and beloved by the college crowd. A great choice to watch the game, eat a plate of wings, and drink a pint.
The Bayou is your standard Manayunk sports bar that is definitely targeted more towards the younger folks in town. The food is your average American bar food and the prices are relatively inexpensive. The beer selection is also more targeted towards the younger crowd and there isn't much of a craft beer variety. The staff has always been friendly and it's a good place for groups. Not my pick for a night out on the town, but it's fine for a lunch or part of a bar crawl.
Went to the bayou last night with some friends for a one of there birthday's and had a few beers. Everything was fine with the service until we experienced the one bartender who was very rude to us. He told one of my friends he would fight him if he didn't step away from the bar and also was very rude when answering questions we asked.                                                                   

I was upset with the situation because the bayou is one of my favorite spots to hit in the yunk and the rude bartender ruined last nights experience. After last night looks like ill be taking some time off from this place because of this bartender.

(I'm sure you know which bartender I am talking about)
False advertising of portions. Food was disgusting. Poorly packaged. Probably, a health code violation. Over priced for what I paid, and what I actually recieved was way ridiculos. I would not recommend to anyone. My 3 year old wouldn't even eat it, and she called it dirty.
Hard for me to rate the bayou, or gayou (pronounced guy-you) as we call it due to the high dude to chick ratio.  On one hand, I've had many a good time here and they have great drink specials, on the other hand they have banned my friend for playing Little Black Backpack over and over again and getting into it with one bartender.  I have never seen one man so angry and excited at the same time, that the Colts won the superbowl and he was permanently banned from his favorite bar.  But anyway,...

On the whole it's a great laid-back place, fun to hang out with friends outside, downstairs or upstairs (in "club bleu" as my friend called the newly renovated blue room).  Can get packed on weekends, but good on weeknights or during happy hour.  Bartenders are all really cool.  And definitely relaxed where you can wear anything and be comfortable - I've gone before in workout clothes all sweaty from running, and once in my pajamas.  What can I say, I'm a charmer.  But definitely check out bayou for a chill time and cheap drinks.
This place is really cool...remember those college days, they will come back when you walk in here.  Everyone is really nice, even the door man.  If you check in on four square you will get a free appetizer!.  

I ordered the cheesesteak and it definitely is done right...not one of these over glorified steaks that people seem to be trying to do now.  Cheap, good, bar food and a fun environment.  If you're in Manyayunk check it out.
Dollar drinks from 6-8 on Friday nights? a cheap drunk's dream.

The insane number of post-college guys stuck in frat boy mentality? enough to sober you up after your 5th dollar drink.
Amazing buffalo chicken wraps*** & sauce!! When I lived in manayunk I needed this at least once a week - hands down my fav buff chicken wrap in Philly!

Anddd my fav local bar in Philly (its small and divey-ish but cool if you like that sort of place... they never put away the bar stools).  Great specials & bartenders, always a cheap fun night.
4 Stars - I'm a fan, as Yelp suggests.
Went here a couple times after work on Monday/Tuesday. My co-workers and I shared a few beers and had EXCELLENT wings...for only $0.25 each. I've never liked buffalo wings in my life. My co-workers ordered them and I didn't put up a fight - Ended up eating like half the batch myself. The wings were delicious!

We sat in the back room, and commented that it was a little dark. Most of the bar is that way, so it fits the mood. But, I think many of the "concerns" listed in other reviews could be addressed by addressing the lighting and ambiance.

I've been to Bayou later at night, too, and while it's nothing more exciting than your average bar, the prices were right and I enjoyed my time there.
I use to go here all of the time in college. They always have some good fOod and drink specials . During the evening hours it gets really crowded with a ton of college kids. But overall fun place to go to and The staff is always friendly and the food is good and cheap!
I told the bartender over an hour ago that there was no toilet paper in the girls' bathroom. He said he knew. An hour later, I went back and there was still no paper. I told another worker who ignored me and went back to the kitchen to eat something, coming back chewing a mouth full of food. Not sure at what point servers and bartenders felt they could ignore the needs of their patrons but I find it unacceptable.
Came here on a Wednesday night for their wing special. The wings were extremely overcooked and probably leftover from the a few nights ago or something. They also came out cold. The service here is terrible and the older gentleman behind the bar was a complete jerk! The beer was also flat. Avoid this place if you can.
Great wings and decent bar food. The food isn't gourmet, but it's still good. Great bartenders and atmosphere. I love coming in for their specials. The best in Manayunk.
This Bar has everything a neighborhood bar is supposed to have; great wings and a great selection of beer. I order takeout wings at the Bayou quite often an I am never let down. The bartenders are nice the place is clean and it a great place to watch the game.
We used to go here a lot when my wife lived in the area, and this was my second favorite bar in Manayunk.

Great service, cheap beers, and good times.

3 stars just because they have High Life Light!
Great food, good service, always awesome food and drink specials! This is the perfect bar to go to in manayunk if you want somewhere chill. It does get crowded during the $1 happy hour deal in friday nights but that's to be expected. I mostly enjoy coming here on weeknights for their wings and beer specials.
Small place but there is an upstairs. Monday and Tuesday's special is 1.75 crabs I think- which u can get with old bay or garlic. .25 regular wings and .50 boneless wings. We get a little of everything with crab fries with cheese.
Came here after a Manayunk Sport and Social dodgeball game (we get a free drink at Bayou after every game!).  Hung out upstairs with my friends on a Thursday night and had a great time.  Beers were cheap and the sweet potato fries were delicious.  Wings were 50 cents each (had to get minimum of 10) and were yummy.  Once it got later the place filled up with the usual college crowd.  Our bartender was very friendly and we had a great time!
Their .25 cent wings are awesome!! Served on Monday's and Tuesday's only. Service there sucks, however, the wings are a pretty good deal.
We had drinks and burgers and had the worst service ever! We had to ask for silverware after waiting over 35 minutes for our food. Then we all waited again for our friend's burger to be brought out. Finally, the waitress came and told us the burger was LOST!!! Yes, she said they lost the burger and she never apologized! It took so long for them to bring another burger that we just said forget it! The waitress never compensated us with a free desert or even explained or apologized. Our fries were cold too! I told a man in a shirt and tie on our way out. He put my number in his phone and said the manager would call me. He never called
Played on a dart league with some friends a little over a year ago here. It's a little on the small side and their beer selection is not as good as other places in manayunk. The only food I've ever had here was just little appetizers while we were playing darts upstairs. I don't remember what apps we had but I remember a majority of us didn't like them. I'm not on the dart league anymore so I don't see myself coming here anymore.
This is the best place on main street on a Friday night. Dollar drinks, you can't beat that! The food is good and there are specials almost every night. The bar tenders and awesome! Paul is the man and will make you laugh the whole time. Mic makes some great mixed beers in the fall. Your always in for a good time!
This place is pretty good. Recently went their for the wing special. The boneless bites were very tasty, but if you like spicy food I would go for the inferno and not the hot sauce. The hot sauce wasn't too spicy. The fries were awesome and were honestly some of the best I've ever had. We had to wait awhile for our food, but it was pretty packed and everyone was eating. For the price of the wing special this was easily forgiven. The inside is kind of cramped and dark but i think it adds character to the place. The Bayou holds it's own on Main Street and fills a much needed niche. It's nice to have a bar that's not a dive with crappy food but also isn't formal at all.
This isn't a 5 star restaurant but it's a 5 star for wings and beer specials! The bartenders are friendly, the food is good bar food, they have specials every day. They have blue moon on tap (one of my faves)! Give this place a try if you are looking for a casual place to hangout. Cheers!
As a Saint Joe's student, I can speak for many of us, we love the Bayou! During the week there are a few local bars with good specials for college kids, and this is one of them! Wednesdays is quizzo with dollar drinks & bottles. $1 Cranberry & Vodkas??? How can you go wrong??!??! My roommates and I also love the happy hour special on Friday, $2 you call its are perfect before we head to the city around 9pm when the special ends. They also allow guest bartenders, which we sometimes do to raise money for various SJU service groups. Anytime we have done these we have gotten to know the staff a little and everyone is really sweet and it is evident the management cares enough about us to let us raise money that they could be making! Love this place!
The Bayou is definitely a Manayunk staple. It certainly has it's positives as well as negatives. I have been going here for years for wings or cheap drinks while watching sports. It's a decent place overall, but nothing really would justify a 4 star rating. 

Positives: Great specials, hardworking and friendly enough bar tenders ( not super nice, but good enough) decent food (pretty great wings for the price)

Negatives: the crowd at times can be loud and rude, could be a little brighter / cleaner, just looks a little tired, can be tough to move around.

All in all a decent place. 

As a side note to to the owner : You have a pretty good establishment, with a committed crowd, something others dream of. You could make it great if you were willing to listen to some of the criticisms people provided. If I were you : Paint the place, take down some of the older worn out old decorations (old yellow money?) put in some more lighting and brighten the place up. If it is the Bayou, why is it not bayou themed? It could be an even better spot with some help and vision. Just my thoughts.
Bayou! I have been coming here for 8 years and I have met some lifetime friends at this bar after sports with manayunk sport and social. Bayou is like the Cheers of manayunk/ if you have lived here long enough you will always know somebody here.

Everything at the bayou is expected- cheap perfect simple bar food, affordable drinks and cool bartenders. Perfect for random nights when you don't want to get too dressed up and just sit back and watch a flyers game with a friend. 

This bar will always hold a place in my heart. I may be biased but for 4 years my nonprofit has held a fundraiser here and at cactus and their staff goes above and beyond to help us raise money - even matching the funds we raise ( to support people with special needs and autism). The staff is SUBERP
This is a great little dive bar.  Great food and drink specials daily. Can get busy so sometimes there is a wait.  Staff has always been great to me.  Wings are my favorite
Terrible. They advertised "All You Can Eat Crabs", and when we got there they didn't have crabs! When I inquired why, they said something about market price being too expensive. So why advertise you have them?! And the way the guy did it, he didn't even care that we traveled from out of state to come there. It's just an "around the way" bar. Not a good experience AT ALL
The bayou is a cozy place to watch game lots of TVs and places to sit. Have to get there early to secure. 

The drinks are cheap and so is the food but for what it is the food is a great deal. Each night they have a special which equates to a $5 dinner with a drink. 

The grilled wraps are really good. Wings are also good as well as the meatball or roast beef specials!
Very disappointed. Ordered a chicken parm wrap on grub hub but I only eat mozzarella cheese (menu says mozzarella cheese) but I called the restaurant directly to make sure. Guy on the phone assured me it only had mozzarella so I placed the order. When I went to pick it up, they told me I was given the wrong info and the wrap was made with cheddar cheese. Not sure why they waited until I drove 20 minutes to pick up the food to tell me this. Then when I complained they told me to go through grub hub to get reimbursed. I understand that's how the payment process works but it was the restaurant who made the mistake. They should have done something to make up for misinforming me. Will not be going back here
Nice atmosphere, it wasn't too crowded and there was a nice playlist of music. We had made it just in time to catch something to eat. It was 11:35 and the kitchen closed at 12:00am. The service was great and the food came out in a decent amount of time. We ordered wings, buffalo shrimp, mozzarella sticks, and bayou fries. The food was hot and tasty. Fries were fried a little too hard, almost tasted like chips. They were still good with the chippy taste. Wings were delicious. Mozzarella sticks were super cheesy. They did honor my yelp check in discount for 1 free appetizer. Yet they chose to take off just the cheapest appetizer. I would give this place a rating of 3.5. Nice place to sit down and catch a sports game. Didn't order any mixed drinks, only sour Monkeys which you can never go wrong with!!
I was blinded by the promise of 25c wings and cheap crabs. On Mondays and Tuesdays, Bayou offers their wings and crabs special, but what they don't tell you is that you must order your wings in 10s to get the deal. And it's only good for buffalo wings. If you're an unsuspecting passerby, like myself, who ordered random numbers of wings because the sign only said "25c" wings, you get charged full price for the wings. If I come here on a Monday or Tuesday and ONLY order Buffalo wings...you betcha I'm trying to take advantage of the deal. So why is it that nobody explain to me that you must order in 10s to get the deal until the check comes out and it's like oopsie, now pay up! 

For those wondering, we did get our bill resolved after 30 minutes of dancing around. Nobody knew what the heck they were doing here. And as for the wings, they were mediocre- dry and overly fried. The Buffalo sauces were good though so I'd give them that. The blue cheese dip tasted straight up like mayonnaise. I wasn't a fan. If you want cheap wings, this is the place to go to but you do get what you pay for.
Visited Bayou several times now. It's a no-frills bar with cheap beer and food. The service can be hit or miss, especially if you're seated outside. Inside, they're pretty prompt; sometimes too prompt making you wonder if the food was prepared fresh.
They have a $5 lunch menu were you can order a burger, cheese steak, wrap, salad and etc. They have $3 beers, so after you add fries, you can still get a decent lunch for about $10 plus tip. Not bad for the area. I recommend any of their buffalo chicken dishes; wraps and salads are good, too. Fries are very bland, but their main dish are always large enough that we can never finish it on its own.
Not the best food, not the best drinks, not the best bar. But it's decent as far as a sports bar goes. It just wasn't for me, but maybe it's for other people.
OHHHHH Bayou!!! its only bar I consider a sports bar in Manayunk! They always have a game on and a special for the day! I have their specials memorized! I like their old specials...$2 meatball sandwiches, $2 roast beef sandwiches...and the $1 you-call-its on Fridays!!! But they still have you-call-its on Fridays but it went up a dollar! Oh well! The wings are great for the price on Monday and Tuesdays! Quizzo is pretty easy there...Interesting questions!!! I had my bday party there this year...just emailed them and said I'm bringing about 15-20 people what can you do for me! Open bar $15 bucks a person I think! It was a good place to start the night...upstairs basically having the whole room to ourselves! Good times... They are in charge of the Manayunk sport and social league...I have played softball, basketball, and flag football....Every season you get a banquet/open bar for your team and add anyone for $15 bucks not on the team...you get wings and ziti also! And a free drink after every game! Worth the registration fee right there!!!  The bartenders are cool...at times.....when busy its hard to get a hold of them...but that's normal i guess at any bar! They are def not friendly if you have a Yankees hat on... I actually participated in their first beer Olympics (Ireland) and finished 2nd...i think we should of finished 1st but it was still fun!  So bottom line...if you are looking for a place to grab a burger (they are decent), a wrap, wings, or hot sandwich stop in...i think its always $2.50 for a miller! Just avoid the pizza...not great... Def 4 stars...
Horrible bartenders with NO personality.
Dirty restrooms and the food is served with no personal hygiene in kitchen or at bar.
Great little neighborhood dive bar on Main St that offers tasty food! The wings may be the best in the hood and the service is friendly. They offer some great deals throughout the week which we found on the website. Cold beer, tasty food, outdoor seating. Yes please! We will be back, cheers
My friends and I were looking for a new place that had wing specials for our weekly girls' night since our favorite spot now has time restrictions.. We were disappointed to find out that only the buffalo flavored wings were part of the special. So we got over it and ordered them anyway in addition to the fries and some crabs. My friend said the crabs were dry and tasteless.. We had the loaded fries and an order of cheese fries.. both lacked flavor...the cheese fries came with melted american cheese which I would have preferred cheddar but was told it couldn't be substituted..We were seated in the rear near the kitchen but a tv was directly over our  booth so I was in heaven because the Phillies game was on.. Our bartender seemed like she was tired..she never asked if she could take anything away or move out of our way although it was evident that we were just about finished with it.. then my friend asked to see the menu again because she wanted to order something else but when she never came back after giving it to her to see if she in fact wanted to order something.. When she finally did, my friend, who was going to order pizza changed her mind and opted not to order anything else.
I get it.  COVID hit the restaurant industry like punch to the face.  Limited menus, longer wait times, short on staff ....I get it.  I appreciate the people that are working and try to take extra care of them, especially now.  But, if you haven't been doing specials that are on your own website for over a year and still haven't had a chance to update it, then shame on you.  I came specifically for the 50 cent wings.  I went out of my way to get here.  I certainly didn't come for the atmosphere of this dive joint.  Update your website and act like a big boy!
Wings were the right size, hot and crispy. The sauce was horrendous.
Terrible. They advertised "All You Can Eat Crabs", and when we got there they didn't have crabs! When I inquired why, they said something about market price being too expensive. So why advertise you have them?! And the way the guy did it, he didn't even care that we traveled from out of state to come there. It's just an "around the way" bar. Not a good experience AT ALL
Missed the bartenders, the wings, the crabs...the happy hour specials :) (which btw last til closing not just 2 measly hrs!)

only disappointment today was our loaded fries, they just weren't the same...but the wings and crab were good :) and of course bartenders and waitress were great

wings + crabs + fries + blue moon = $8 per person :)
If you looking for an above average dive bar the Bayou is a good spot to hit up.  A  college and adult sports league hot spot for inexpensive specials, the crowd tends to be on the younger side.  But the wings and buffalo chicken wrap are very good.  The smell on occasion can be less than desirable but stay inside long enough and you won't notice it.  If you're looking to drink for cheap this is the place to hit up.  It's also great to catch a NFL football game.
You can't beat the prices & service at The Bayou- it's like our own neighborhood Cheers- the staff know us by name and we always feel welcome.  Every neighborhood needs it's local bar, and this is Manayunk's.  

Plus, even better, they never close!  Through every snow storm this winter, the Bayou remained open for service.  One of the bartenders even spent the night at the bar!  

Needless to say, we love the Bayou for what it is- your local watering hole....but they take watering hole to a higher level with their great craft beer selection-- LAGUNITAS?!  Need we say more!

*edit*bI forgot about Football Sundays - The Bayou is the best place in Manayunk to watch your fantasy team play - they play most games, and if you're there early you can guarantee they''ll put yours on.
I used to be almost a regular here...We loved mon & tues for the wing and crab special.  25 cent wings and 1.50 crabs...you can't beat it
We haven't been back in a while and definitely miss it.  The staff is friendly, the bartenders are hilarious and the food is always good.  If you haven't gone? definitely check it out!
