60s-style go go dancers, a menu of incredible cocktails priced well below the going rate in Center City, and a super cool rehabbed space?  

Hello, Trestle Inn, my new favorite place. 

We stopped by for a look around and a drink. Every expectation I had going in was met. The bar area and the larger room behind it are classy looking but not overly primped. There's glamour, with a little bit of an edge. Perfect, given the former life of the bar and the neighborhood. 

Not to be missed are the old school bar snacks (pigs in a blanket!) and the section of the menu devoted to whiskey sours. 

Get over there and make some friends before the place has a line out the door every weekend.
This is gonna be a fun review,  I'll see if I can work in some 60's and 70's slang in there too, I'm gonna do you guys and gals a "solid". 

Where in this   "cool city" of Philadelphia  can you find the best damn Old Fashioned I ask you? The Trestle Inn is the answer my friends, it really doesn't have to be an Old Fashioned by the way. This could be any of their well concocted cocktails where the libation gods would be impressed while saying "4-Sho". Well ok mind you there is one other place I know of in Old City that makes some pretty "blazin" cocktails, and their old fashioned is also on point.   

The Trestle Inn needs to be visited over , and over again. I am telling you there is something about this place that just makes you want to come back. With out trying to sound repetitive I'm gonna try to point out some of the reasons or give you the "lowdown"  why this place should be visited. 

"Here is the skinny" about the Trestle Inn !
~ I already mentioned the slew of beverages one could sip and enjoy.
~ It could also be that laid back atmosphere where the 60'and 70's retro look never left.
~ The "bunnys' " dancing , making you "feel that funk"  as you enter.
~ Something always playing on the wall by the entrance which is always "hip to the groove".
~ The Trestle Inn has and will always have that "good vibe" feel to it.
~ It is always "gravy" in here at any time of the day. 

In all The Trestle Inn is a flat out "groovy" spot to come to if anyone says different they're just talking that "jive" talk. 

Review over, I'm about to get "jiggy" with it so, I'll "check you later", but I'll never "catch you on the rebound".
What? 
What does one do if one finds him/herself in the city of brotherly love, smacked in the middle of the Fairmount, Reading Railroad tracks? 

Where? 
Head to the down-and-dirty, the rusty J&J Trestle Inn. Believe me it's not exactly your quintessential entertainment venue. 
- Upscale retro & energetic atmosphere. 
- Classic cocktails. 
- French pop, soul, funk and disco music. 

Who? 
Go-go dancers, not only they can hold a beat, but they'll impress you with some perfect choreography. They'll dance for hours and hours straight, non-stop(Seriously!)

When? 
Back to '60s & '70s vibes. 
Hours: Wed-Sat: 5PM-2AM, HH: 5PM-7PM, Late Night HH:10PM-12AM (Wed-Thur)
Moonlight HH: 10PM-11PM (Fri-Sat)
*** Trestle Specials Mod Go-go dancers: Wed-Sat.***

Why? 
Because one of two things is true if you're still reading this review: 
1) You're really curious about what Trestle Inn have to offer. 
2) You just need something to take the edge off and have fun.

P.S: Don't forget to wear your dancing shoes.

Four Yelps.
Whiskey-filled, with equal parts craft and cheap beer and women dancing on platforms, you want your life to be Trestle Inn.

Trestle carves their niche as a literally stripped down resurrection of the former J&J Trestle Inn, which did the lord's work by serving such delicacies as the Fat P***y cocktail and posted signs to proffer you need not bring in your weapons. Raw, unadorned walls give the impression Bubbles from The Wire used to hole up here for several heroin-fueled days at a time. Personified, this place is the Black Keys before people like me heard of them. Maybe better yet, Trestle is a mostly recovered meth head. You still wouldn't lend them money.

The crack head chic decor is spread across two rooms. In one you'll move to beats that haven't been touched by Diddy, Flo Rida, or anyone interviewed by Ryan Seacrest. In the other you'll sit and drink up the courage to dance with someone on that elusive other side. In both you'll stare at go-go dancers tastefully shaking that ass. Tip 'em if you do.

The beer list is strong, but it's strong every where in Philadelphia. Drink whiskey here. If you're not drinking a whiskey sour ($8), that's fine, but you're missing out on the camaraderie. Bucking its role as the wife beater of drinks, there's almost a working class hero feel to the way they do it justice. The acidity is mellowed by the frothy egg white, which lays on top like a blanket of snow on a double wide trailer, making the inherent sour bite more fetish nibble than vampire wound that store-bought mixes lay on you. It's suspiciously refreshing for a whiskey drink. 

And, because your friend will ask, the bird isn't real.
I love me some Philly. 

Sure, we've got gogo dancers here in NYC. And yea, we've got bacon mac 'n' cheese. But then again, I don't know where I can eat that and watch a bare ass jiggle and keep my appetite. Love the 60's inspired throwback dancers shakin' what their mama gave 'em on the lit stage blocks here. Throw in some awesome music, fans blowing everyone's hair back and it is instant music video time. 

And then I find out that drinks are $4 and I figure that I'll have to make a pilgrimage here at least every few months. Yep.
And to think, all this time I thought I was going to Whisky-A-Go Go. But they have kept the name"Trestle Inn." 
When me and my friends do a periodic Pub Crawl in Chinatown, we always end up at The Trestle Inn for our last stop. The old Trestle Inn was a grungy, bonafide El Dive-o strip bar. The dancers weren't the most ladylike creatures at all. They were tough, they had bullet holes and tattoos that they proudly displayed. And you better tip correctly if you catch my drift. With all that said, I hardly ever see women with huge breasts, thick thighs and and a rear end that you could safely put a place setting on and it wouldn't fall off. That and a 22 inch waist is mystical.
The newer spot has dancers, but they're the Rowan & Martin variety, it's still entertaining. I'm not a big whisky drinker, but that's all I drink here. After trying a few different ones, I like the cinnamon bomb one and the fire whisky, which is spicy. I guess you can tell I'm not a huge fan of whisky and I'm trying to get better.
The atmosphere is great, festive and nice crowd, the flashing lights and cool music adds to the experience. I had the food here a few times, all was good, bar food and homestyle dinner, but any place that sells devilled eggs gets my vote.
For a good time try the Trestle Inn. I was there this past Friday night for a friend's birthday party. What a blast! 

So I had been there before on a weeknight but a Friday was a whole different ballgame. Both the bar and dance floor were filled with folks having a good time but with enough room to move around. For a crowded bar with a dance floor, there was harmony and respect among the patrons. It seemed like everyone was there for a good time.  I felt like I was transported back to different decade. The music was nothing I'd normally listen to but it just felt right to get my groove on. The go-go dancer did a great job of setting the tone. She was into what she was doing and so was the crowd.  

I'm not a whiskey fan so I figured I'd go with a can of beer to avoid spillage. I went with the Sixpoint Resin which had a decent ABV. A few of us ordered a shot which came in a large shot glass. Unfortunately they didn't have Fireball but a Soco and lime did the trick. 

It really looks like a hole in the wall from the outside, but don't judge this book by the cover. It's still a little divey on the inside but purposefully divey. Like they meant for it to be that way rather than letting the place go downhill. The Trestle Inn has my vote for a great place for a fun and different night out.
(To the tune of King Harvest's "Dancing in the Moonlight")

I could probably go here every night
And don't mind it's dimly lit, not bright
They keep it cool, it's outta sight
And the whiskey glows in amber light

Nobody here is that uptight 
(except the den mom and, hey man, that's all right)
Keeps folks from getting into fights
And the whiskey glows in amber light.

Glowing in amber light
Go-go dancers got us feeling right
It's a supernatural delight
And the whiskey glows in amber light.

Deviled eggs make a delicious bite
But it's not about the food I write
This place is where you end your night
And you can also dance in amber light.

Glowing in amber light
Go-go dancers got us feeling right
It's a supernatural delight
And the whiskey glows in amber light....

I love Trestle Inn. I don't even mind going when it's totally dead to the world because, hey, at the end of the day, you're getting one of the tastiest Old Fashioneds in town. Their beer list is super respectable, they don't scoff when you ask them to prepare 20 picklebacks for a slew of buddies dressed in Christmas gear (ok, maybe they scoff, but they do it behind the bar and let us have our fun.) The DJ keeps the jams going, the go-go dancers mostly bring a lot of enthusiasm, and they almost always immediately kick off the random drunk girls who try to climb the lit cubes and become go-go dancers for a few minutes.

It's hilarious.

Trestle Inn, a bit out of the way for a mostly-CenterCityCentric gal, is my #1 Uber destination. And one of my favorite bars. Friday and Saturday are go-to, but Wednesday they often do whiskey tastings, and that's cool as hell.
The idea of eating in a strip club is nauseating. The act of eating in a lounge with go-go dancers/sorta strippers is hip. I'm hip. This isn't to say that I think *anyone* should seek this place out as an eating destination. That's just foolish. 'Hey, honey. Let's forgo all those restaurants so we can eat our dinner next to a jiggling a$$.' If you found yourself in such a situation and you later complained about it, shame on you. Your deductive reasoning skills are poor. Poor.

But.

If you've had a few (a lot) and aren't ready to let the party end, it makes total sense to stumble your way to the wrong side of the tracks, get some more booze in you, watch a go-go slowly (and, a little sadly) sway (no really shaking or gyration to be seen), and realize you REALLY need to eat something or the next day is going to be brutal. If this is where your Choose Your Own Adventure™ choices have led you, ding ding ding, you are a winner. I'm a winner.

One roast pork sandwich, order of supercreamycheesy mac & cheese, and $7 stout later, I was good to go. Between go-go sets, the place filled with the sounds of '70s Philly Soul and Funk, which I thought was a much better use of ear space than the go-go. This is Philly. No one ever replicated the sheer heat/hotness of '70s Philly sound. This is what I should be bumping to as I fall into my fourth meal. And if a go-go wants to shake/drop/pop to that... well, more power to ya! And if you don't, I might dance battle you for rights to the top of that go-go box. That music is too good (and my belly too dead sexy) to not be given proper respect. Love, peace & hair grease, y'all.
I love The Trestle Inn. Full disclosure, it definitely has its issues; the bathroom being in the main hall between the bar and the dance floor/back room quickly devolves into a hassle of a situation, the close quarters can tend to make people get a little grumpy, and once crowded it can be difficult to get a drink. Ideally, you have a large enough group that you can sort of make your own little space or a small enough group that it isn't necessary because the place fills up pretty quickly.

But despite all of this, I love it. I love their classic whiskey sours as well as some of their other cocktails (Black Power). I love the music and the Go-Go club vibe and I wish their bathrooms would go back to their days of being plastered with pulp fiction covers. I love to dance and a lot of places that have "dancing" are more about looking cool. Here the grab bag of people dance and look like they're having fun doing it.

So go looking to dance and drink whiskey and know that it'll get crowded, and hot, and you'll probably get at least a little bit of something spilled on you at some point; and enjoy the heck out of it anyway!
Affordable fancy cocktails, gooey homemade bacon mac n cheese, and retro go-go dancers shimmying in their fishnets atop glowing boxes. Yes, The Trestle Inn is in a league of its own. 

Just over a year ago, I'd heard sordid stories of the elicit acts performed in the once bar that'd turn strip club. It was a roughneck sorta place that only my most adventurous friends would frequent, but today, the scene couldn't be more opposite. The once seedy rathskeller is now a sleek red-light speakeasy minus the sex for pay.

The only downside is the bathroom situation. Later in the night after the crowd's had a few, the line will likely build up in the middle of the room. Great spot after a show at Union Transfer or if you're on a bike bar crawl.
The Trestle is the only place that plays my favorite dance music all the time.

Seriously. Motown, funk, and R&B circa 1970. Live performances of said genres, notably featuring James Brown, are projected onto one of the walls in the joint, bringing everyone back to a time when it was acceptable to shoot up in a bar bathroom and pass out in the street. They don't go for that so much anymore as they do dancing and drinks, but the spirit is the same, baby!

Every time get into this place, I want to dance. And also get drunk. It helps that I'm good friends with one of the go-go dancers. So, Yelp friends, please remember to tip! These girls literally dance 12-16 hours per week in short-break or no-break shifts.

Order everything. Their whiskey sours are legit, with foamed egg white and all. Their beer selection is great. I rarely order any bar bites, but they do the job and won't end your journey on the Oregon trail.

There's so much about this place that can't quite be captured in words, so go there. You will love it. Or you will think it's weird, because you grew up suburban, and all the music is stuff you've never really heard of. Deal with it.

As for you, Trestle, you've come a long way from the lonely looking titty bar on the wrong side of Vine Street that I thought I'd never end up in growing up. 

Guess we're all learning some new tricks, aren't we?
So groovy!

From the moment you walk in, this place has a totally hip vibe: go-go dancers, pop art, warm light--all to keep the mood just right.

If you stop in on a Friday or Saturday, don't be surprised to find the dance floor totally packed! Although the music is a little unconventional, it's always a blast to get down and boogie. Also, don't try to steal the limelight from the lovely ladies that work here. You'll be kicked off the cubes in a heartbeat (shoutout to the friends who tried and allowed me to capture some hilarious video footage).

But the real reason to come here, of course, is for the drinks, and the Trestle Inn does not disappoint. My favorites are the Mary Ann & Ginger Sour and the Old Fashioned. Seriously, these are some of the best cocktails in the city!

Overall, this is an awesome joint. I am more than happy to make the long trip here when the suggestion arises!
If you like loud bump and grind music while being jostled about by hipsters and oogled-eyed boys staring longingly at very skilled go-go dances, the Trestle Inn is your place.

If you like really awesome Whiskey Sours made with an egg white for frothiness and creaminess, the Trestle Inn is your place. (The egg white really does tone down the awful sour/whiskey flavor that often so obnoxiously intrudes on your enjoyment of a whiskey sour.) 

If you like having conversations with whomever your with and you enjoy sitting at or near a bar instead of awkwardly juggling your coat and purse while trying to double fist a Pabst and whiskey sour on a makeshift dance floor, the Trestle Inn is not your place.
I've lived near the Trestle Inn for a few years now.  I remember when the original seedy venue had pregnant strippers.  I was there when it burned down.  The seedy venue seemed to fit the neighborhood, so I was very excited to hear it was turned into a non-seedy venue that even I could go to!

The new Trestle Inn is a HUGE improvement.  They kept some of the rustic (peeling wall)  feel, but updated the inside nicely.  And they still have dancers (but no shady strippers, sorry).  

I'm not a huge whiskey fan, but the drinks I tried from others were well done.  I stuck to beer, which is great since they actually have a decent beer selection.  My only complaint was that their canned crappy beer was the same price as their good draught beer. I didn't try their food, but it seemed ok.  It's a small menu with some strange old timey bar foods (pickled pigs feet anyone?!).  They did include complimentary popcorn for the table however.

Trestle is a HUGE improvement and a welcome addition to my growing neighborhood.  Hopefully this will encourage more reputable businesses to open up in the area.
Okay, I never write yelp reviews anymore because frankly I find most of them cringe-inducing. In this case though I'm making an exception since this is the first club I've ever gone to where the bouncer actually made me feel physically unsafe. 

It was my birthday yesterday and we landed on Trestle for their disco selection and go-go dancers. A group of six of us were there with more to join later in the evening. As we first arrived, the bouncer IMMEDIATELY looked at my friend and said "are you single?" before hitting on her partner as well. We chose to ignore it and made our way inside, paying the $5 cover and getting stamped.

The atmosphere inside was busy but fun; after watching the talented go go dancers and listening to some excellent disco, a few of us decided to get a breath of fresh air. I left my coat and wallet with a pal who decided to stay at the table, and because this ain't my first rodeo I made double sure with the indoor security guard that I'd be able to re-enter without a problem once we were done outside. He confirmed, so we stepped outside to find a very long line had formed. A few of my pals were on line and told me that the bouncer wasn't letting people back in, and had been a jerk to everyone entering the club. 

This is where things get patently less chill. Myself and my friend attempted to go back inside to get my coat. The bouncer refused to let us, saying we had to wait on line again. I told him I had already paid and needed my coat and my wallet. He said he didn't care, and proceeded to laugh at my friend and I. He then decided we had to wait 48 seconds exactly without speaking before he would think about letting us inside. During this random 48 seconds he came closer to me, standing directly in my face and telling me "I do love this time we spend together. My name is Earl. You're not single." 

Now, at this point I am livid. He turns to talk to someone else and I walk by him to get to the door, having had enough of this weird power trip. Earl then physically put his hands on me, blocking me from entering by holding his hand out across the door. He made us wait an additional ten seconds before he allowed my friend and I inside, making sure to touch both of us on our hips as we entered. 

I immediately went to close out my tab and to tell our pals we were leaving. I told the bartender and the security officer inside that the bouncer was a scumbag, and they both apologized. The manager came up to me to apologize as well. Multiple other patrons who witnessed the interaction I had with this man made sure to voice their support, saying that it made them so uncomfortable that some of them were leaving too. 

Apparently during this evening this particular bouncer also made another patron in a birthday crown cry, and referred to my friend (who showed up after we had left) as "sexy". 

This was more than just crowd control. There was no reason we shouldn't have been allowed back into the venue to get our personal belongings after already having waited and paid. There was no reason we should have been subject to repeated sexual advances OR physical touch, as none of us were being rowdy or belligerent. I'm not sure how someone whose job it is to maintain the safety and efficacy of a space feels it's appropriate to tease, touch and harass their patrons, most of whom have been drinking. 

It's a shame because we had been having a nice night, and would have continued to hang at the bar and drink for a few more hours.
If you like mixed shots like me, don't bother ordering them here cause the bartenders will give you a judgy look and say "we don't do that here". It's definitely a catchy atmosphere with the go go dancers and the interior decorations. I dig the flicks being played on the walls; definitely sets up the vibes. I tried the groovy drink, it was okay but could be stronger based on the price. The dance floor was fun but quite small. I would maybe come back here on a less crowded night
So I saw this girl on okcupid who seemed really cool and cute and I sent her a message. Of course I kept it all vague and cool and casual and I was lucky enough to get a response. But, she was heading out of town for a month so we made a date far off into the future. Last night was the date. 

At her suggestion we headed here. I had driven by this place for more than 20 years and always thought : never going there! Of course that was before the fire, change of ownership and birth of the cool hipster scene. So when she said: "There's this cool gogo whiskey place at 11th and Callowhill. See you there at 7!" I was totally down. 

When I got there it was just as I remembered it, except it looked abanonded and closed.. for like years. There were no lights and the door looked like it was locked tight. I was going to check my txt messages for the address again when I noticed a scooter parked along the side. "Ahh! Hipster/Trendy/Cool person inside, this must be the place!".

So I crossed the street confidently and pushed open the door and was blown away. The place was filled with cool looking people, there were projections on the wall and overall the place looked super cool. It was 7pm so I easily found a place at the bar and sat down. A really cool bartender came over and handed me the drink menu. There were about 40 whiskeys, 10 interesting cocktails, 4 versions of the whiskey sour, a bunch of beers and some food. Things were looking up for me!

My date was late. She texted me to let me know she was having a hair emergency of some sort so I told her to not stress out and meet me when she could. I calculated how long I could hold her empty seat at the bar and ordered the happy hour whiskey sour and some pigs in a blanket. (Of course these weren't just hot dogs but some nice tiny sausages in filo.. not bad). 

Drink came, food came. I consumed them all and talked to the bartender some more and learned about how the place was brand new and how it had previously burned down, etc. The bartender (his name was Joe) told me that if I liked Whiskey Sours (I do) that I needed to try the Classic. This was a version with egg white and some other stuff I can't remember but he told me it was perfectly balanced and pretty awesome so I told him to hook me up. 

The drink was perfectly balanced and pretty fucking awesome. I ended up having about 3 of them by the time I'd left.

So my date arrived and her hair was looking pretty good and she decided to try my drink and agreed that it was liquid gold and she ordered one as well along with some deviled eggs (she thought they were fair). I ordered the popcorn since I hadn't eaten much and I didn't want to get wasted on a first date. It was simple and tasty and kept my drunk off perfectly.

Ten o'clock rolled around and right next to us a dancer arrived and stated doing some cool gogo dancing. She was cute and fun and though wasn't naked, was certainly a nice addition to the decor. The dancers here are just part of the atmosphere and not really the main focus when they are up there so if you're worried that it's some strip bar, you're totally wrong. It's not.

On the way out I noticed that they'd turned on some kind of blinky yellow light thing so I suppose the place isn't as secret and hidden as I'd assumed when I'd walked in. I think they should get rid of it. The hidden vibe is so much more exclusive feeling. But what do I know?
Went to The Trestle Inn with a couple friends to check it out and had a great time! On the outside the place looks a bit shady, but once you're inside it's like you're back in the 60's. Sat at the bar and ordered a Flower Power - whiskey with honey and agave - I'm not a sweet drink kind of person, but it is perfect for sipping. We munched on the Snack Pack which included deviled eggs, ants on a log, small meatballs, pigs in a blanket and one surprise! Not exactly what I had in mind for bar food, but it was really tasty. The music was fun and kept me dancing in my seat. The Go Go dancers weren't there that night, but in place they had 60's videos of Go Go dancers playing on the walls. 

I recommend this place if you're looking for something different . If you like whiskey, bar food and good funky style music.....and the 60's......GO GO to The Trestle Inn!
Knowing how perfectly shady and out of the box the old Trestle Inn used to be (in the good although "I hope I don't get scabies from here" kind of way - http://www.yelp.com/biz/j-and-j-trestle-inn-philadelphia-3), I was immediately intrigued that the newer owners intended to revamp it while remaining faithful the the good parts of the old incarnation. And after a few visits I have found more than enough reasons to marvel over its wonders!

Outside the Trestle Inn is as unassuming as its ever in. But upon entry your quickly drawn to video wall that channels images of huge Bettie Page pinups, the occasional gogo dancer (some from Peek-A-Boo Revue!), a bar fully loaded with beer and whiskey, and other such fancies!

The beer selection is definitely impressive, but Trestle is very much a cocktail bar kind of element; especially if whiskey is your pleasure. It's very rarely mine, and cocktail ingredients like raw egg are things that I'd generally say hell no to. yet Trestle's whiskey sours are easily the best in the city and manage to draw even me in, especially the Raw Egg filled classic. All the prices are reasonable for what you get, and the Inn has a slamming Happy Hour (that has been available on Saturday before, even if the website says otherwise?)!

When it comes down to it the only flaw I find with the menu is the fact that its "burger" is a meatloaf sandwich that scares me! They could also do without the pickled eggs of Trestle Inn yesteryear, even if I do admire them for hanging onto tidbits like them. But the menu is a fabulous revamp of retro comfort foods like deviled eggs, pigs in a blanket, green bean casserole, pot pie, and more. And the selection that I've sampled have been spot on.
The bad before the awesome: The place is a bit dingy and the bartenders are not the nicest (this might be because they are verrry busy though). I would also say that the drinks are not the best I've had.  

What does make this place amazing though is the fun-loving (yet usually hipster) crowd it draws. If you can throw your inhibitions to the wind after some yummy whiskey sours (any one is good), like most of the people here do, you'll have a great night just dancing away! 

Be warned...there is no place to keep coats besides some hooks and it does get steamy on the dance floor. The place also picks up energy later in the night so don't be disappointed if the dance floor isn't on full swing when you show up! 

Overall if you're just looking to have a
Crazy "I just wanna dance" night with your friends...don't look any further..this place will NOT disappoint!!!
My favorite thing: The first time we went to The Trestle Inn I was instantly spellbound by the images of  "River Deep Mountain High," era Tina Turner footage being projected all over the bar room walls. I mean, for that move alone, I'm an instant fan of this place. 

I really like The Trestle Inn. Take into account that we tend to show up half in the bag, after a show at Union Transfer. It's like we have found ourselves in this routine where The Trestle Inn is our midway pit stop between after-a-show and late night Chinatown grub; a fun spot on the way under the shadows of the ole train trestle. The name is apropos, and I like that.

Anyway, our experiences at this kinda old-timey-feeling place, they goes a little something like this: Drinks and go-go dancers and our own random dancing. 

Trestle does have quite a good selection of beers, but we're usually swillin' Narragansett tall boys, though we have been known to class it up a bit with a lovely fancy whiskey drink classic of sorts, as well. Most likely a whiskey sour... Not too pricey, I might add. They know what they're doing with the whiskey here, alright. Plenty of quality whiskey. Whiskey, whiskey, whiskey.... and then we're back to tall boys again when funds start running low. And then, chances are, our own random dancing is happening again. 100% chance.

Another factoid? Yes, I have one. Bonus factoid: Watching vintage film clips and retro go-go dancing is a great way to keep your mind off the fact that your bladder feels like it might burst at any moment, finally exploding as you wait on an endlessly long line for the pisser. See, that's me only gripe! Waaah. But whaddaya gonna do right? The Trestle is a really enjoyable refueling place for drinks and it's a fun place that gets mighty packed on a weekend night... and people be drinkin. That's right. They do drink.
The new Trestle Inn is an inspiration.  They have Go-Go dancers performing most nites of the week starting at 10 P.M. I have been assured that the place stays pretty classy and that all genders are highly welcome. 

The wall adjacent to the main entrance is painted white and is used as a filming screen.  From the bar you are able to watch a variety of tasteful Go-Go and 60s, 70's area film. The establishment has soaring ceilings and is mostly painted black.

My wife and I went to the Trestle based on a suggestion from the folks at Barry's Home Brew. We went down with the intention of trying the deviled eggs.  Unfortunately, they were out.  Possibly noticing our disappointment, the cook offered to make us something special.  

The special dish which he prepared consisted of a variety of samples.  It was wonderful.  The samples included bison meatballs (best meatballs I have every had), ants on a log (which consisted of celery, creamy peanut butter and cherries - soaked in liquor), Pigs in a blanket (small gourmet sausages wrapped in phyllo dough, kettle cooked chips with a really amazing homemade dip, and a bbq Asian dim sum dumpling.   

My wife had a beer and I had a Flower Power Whiskey Sour which was delicious (no bottled sour mix here). The grand total....drum......$10.  

It seems that if you are able to charm food out of the kitchen you don't have to pay for it.  I am very impressed with the staff and the character of the establishment.  My wife and I pointed out the mistake on the bill and they told us that it wasn't a mistake.  We spent the entire car trip home making plans to go back.  

To summarize:  The food is amazing.  The draft list is impressive. The whiskey selection is stellar and the atmosphere (especially after 10 P.M.) is most assuredly awesome. I will be back to the Trestle Inn...probably later this week. I have to take advantage of the 5 - 8 P.M. Happy Hour!
We visited the Trestle Inn on a Thursday evening. We weren't exactly sure what to expect but we were pretty pleased with what we got. 

We got there right at 6:59 just missing happy hour. Our waiter was so nice though he let us get one drink at the happy hour price. I had the Happy Hour Whiskey Sour and loved it. 

The happy hour specials were $3 and included a shot and a beer, a fancier beer and a whiskey sour.

The bar snacks are a little pricey for what you get: a $4 mini jar of spiced nuts; a $2 popcorn (okay this one was reasonable) and a small jar of pickled veggies for $4 is what we had. 

We didn't order any real food but the menu looked good and interesting. 

The atmosphere is dark, the music is good and there's go go on a screen. We will definitely come back- this time to catch the full happy hour.
The Trestle Inn is the quintessential hipster spot in Philly. The exterior is left unrenovated and has a very divey feel to it but once you step in, it is like a time warp into the late 60s. A whiskey bar with go go dancers and music from the yesteryears playing. The whiskey sours were delicious and stiff. We tried the flower power and black power versions. Would recommend this place if you are a whiskey lover.
When you walk in to The Trestle Inn, you are transported to the 60's. Lively music and go go dancers in the bar area and the dance area. The drinks are strong, so it is well worth the price. The staff is friendly and willing to suggest something for you if you're unsure of what to get. There is a cover charge of $5 the place gets crowded between 11:30-1 am (on a Saturday). There are tables and chairs along the walls and there are hooks to place your sweater or jacket.
I've now come here twice.  Both times on Thanksgiving Eve (2014 and 2015).  $5 for cover and includes a complementary sweet whiskey punch.  Go Go Dancers everywhere and great music to dance to without being pushed into like that night at Rumor you want to forget.  The bartenders are decent, but can take awhile to get to you.  There should probably be more than 2 bartenders on a packed night like Thanksgiving Eve, but I didn't have to wait too too long.  My only other complaint: I wish they had a coat room.  Putting my jacket down while dancing just makes me a little uncomfortable that it might disappear.

Overall: the two times I've been here, I've had a great time and look forward to the next adventure.
I've been here a few times on the weekend for drinks. It has a fun vibe, but gets really packed. I've been meaning to come in sometime during the week to try the food and see the Trestle in a more relaxed state.

What I can comment on is: 
1.The large selection of whiskey AND beer. I'm not a whiskey person, so I love having the ability to order a craft beer at a whiskey bar.

2.The go-go dancers. They are there, and they are entertaining, but they don't have to be your main focus...there is enough going on elsewhere.

3. The fact that you can barely move on the weekends because it is so packed.
Excellent spot with great selection. The bartenders used to be really personable and awesome, and the newer ones are a little meh. But still a great place to hang out and have a beer while watching go-go dancers.
One of the best new bars in the city!

Contrary to popular belief, not all guys dig strip clubs.  But Trestle, with your Whiskey a Go Go girls, you could entertain me all night.  The seemingly infinite list of whiskeys, bourbons and classic cocktails really helps you warm up on a brisk fall evening.  

This place is new, practically in the middle of now where, has great drinks and sexy ladies.  It gets packed.  Get there a little early to grab a seat.

Oh!  And the food is incredible!  Very interesting, delicious, well made bar bites and entrees.  I hear they're starting brunch around Thanksgiving too.

If it were possible to wear glasses that let you see everything in black and white, this would be a serious trip!
two words come to mind when thinking about this place: boner town.

the last thing i want to hear about while having my id checked in line is how many security cameras there are, how all the bartenders are bouncers, and whatever else the annoying door guy was yelling out. way to treat your patrons like adults, but at least it set the tone for how awful the little time spent there would be. 

without going on a long tangent on the night i went they completely over packed the place, let some awful dj play music that didnt exactly go along with all the smoke and mirrors of poorly dressed go go girls, and it smelled like wet dogs. 

drink prices were about average so i cant complain about that.
So incredibly rude. Signs on the bar stated $5 cathouse punches from 10-11. My friend's drinks were full price on his receipt and when he mentioned the drink special bartender said "well, it's supposed to be 11-12!" He ripped the paper out of the sign and never apologized or honored the special. That was a difference of $9 after 3 drinks. Ironically, our uber driver leaving there mentioned that he picked up people last week with a similar complaint. Will never go back.

Update: Owner responded to this promptly and fairly. Very apologetic and offered a refund, which was much appreciated.
There's a lot of stuff going on all at once with the decor and the music and the drinks and the food menu and the dancing.  I cannot think of a theme sentence to sum it all up other than it's like someone sat down and wrote everything they ever wanted to see in a bar and then made it a reality here.  I don't know if bars were really like this in the 60s, but it's a cool place regardless.  

The drinks are really good!  I expected something funky, but they were actually really good.  The fast pussycat had a really cool flavor because you can sort of tell there is whiskey in it, but not really.  Here's an important fact: the diablo drink is described in such a way that might make you think there are spices in it, at least I thought that (maybe because of the holiday season and all the talk of pumpkin spice etc), but what it actually is, is a crazy hot pepper muddled with basil.  This drink is super spicy hot.    

I think the snack pack is a good choice because you get to sample some of the cooler stuff on the menu like bison meatballs.  They also include these cherries that have been marinated in bourbon, MMM!!!  

All the people we came in contact with who work here were friendly and efficient.  A nice surprise is that they take credit cards.  Happy hour runs late!

My favorite part?  The pictures in the restroom.
This place is mad decent.

Mad decent happy hour (half off drafts, whiskey sour pitchers, half off apps (deviled eggs FTW!).

Mad decent media entertainment, in the form of 4 projection screens showing lovely ladies (and men too!  Fred Astaire pops up from time to time) undulating in many forms.  It truly is mesmerizing.

Mad decent live entertainment, in the form of DJs and go-go dancers later in the evening.

Mad decent food; try the "snack pack" to get a nice little sample of everything, including "Sweetish" meatballs, pigs in a blanket (both served with whiskey mustard-YUM) and the aforementioned deviled eggs.

The vibe is laid back and the staff has always been helpful.  I am happy to add this to my regular rotation of mad decent bars!
Love it here. I live 2 blocks away so I frequent the establishment regularly. I was most recently there 2weeks ago with a large group and we drank who knows how many of those delicious whiskey sours and ate nachos and pigs in a blanket. I will say the food to me isn't super special, but those nachos hit the spot. The bartenders are nice and attentive and I've never had a problem, only a good time.

I wanted to note something another reviewer had been upset with, and it had to do with the staff being somewhat racist. I adamantly disagree and the night I was there with my large party we had a very diverse crowd at our table, and no one had any issues. In fact I think we had even better than usual service that evening, so I wanted to share that because those are heavy accusations.
Laughable bar service. Aaron is so poor a service employee, even his mother can't be proud. 

Update: I spoke with bar owners who couldn't have been more gracious or apologetic. There's a bad apple behind the bar, but this is otherwise a cool scene.
I visited The Trestle Inn on a whim one night, and I'm definitely glad I did.  The atmosphere is great.  The energy in the place was good, and everybody seemed to be having a great time.
Go go dancers?  Yup.  Good drinks?  Yup.  Old movies being projected on a wall?  Mhmmm.  There was a perfect amount of people there to make it just crowded enough without it being too over the top.  

I want to go back ASAP.
Just visited The Trestle Inn for the first time..Found it doing some "Yelp Deep Diving" and BOOM I found this Gem! Where to start? 
First of all, the lighting is perfect...I love love love dim lighting.
The drinks are reasonably priced and the bartenders are great. They pour a great drink here...Next a little surprise we were not expecting...awesome bar snacks! We ordered nuts (They were great) then our favorite...Rosemary popcorn...Seriously tasty. Bonus the popcorn is only $1 during happy hour...another bonus...Happy hour goes till 8pm! 
& to top off this places awesomeness they have go go dancers late night! Highly recommend!
This place is great.  I love the paired down walls and lo-fi vibe they've accomplished with the re-opening.  To re-model the whole place would have taken away the loft district charm.  The lamps on the walls have cages around them and they reminded me of the classic sparseness of Eastern State Penitentiary.  
I went for the first time this past Wednesday night for Secret Cinema with a friend.  Well, I got there a little late and there wasn't anymore room in the movie.  I was soooo bummed and I dejectedly went to a table out side of the film area to drink my freshly poured beer that I had hoped to drink while watching the films.  I had already bought them and I only stayed to finish them, and I'm really glad I did because my mood quickly changed as I sat in that space.  About halfway into my Dogfish Aprihop, I was feeling better and hungry.  I could still see some of what was going on on the projection room, and we didn't pay the admission, so I was fine about it.  I had gotten there right at 8- when the show started, so it was really kinda my own fault.

We ordered some food- a Spinach Salad and Mac n'Cheese.  While we were waiting, A guy named Ian introduced himself.  He told us he was sorry about us not getting in and that it was the first Secret Cinema they had done there.  We talked a bit and he was a really cool guy with a sweet british accent (which I am always smitten with, anyway).  By that time I was totally cool about all of it, and even a little embarrassed for reacting the way I did.  Then, Ian gave us a round of drinks. This sort of thing has never happened to me in a restaurant (except for ones that I worked at).  I didn't realize until then that he was the owner.  He was very humble and sweet and he understood what was going on- that I was unhappy and stayed anyway because that place is just a nice place to drink a beer.

So I was already happy and happier and then the food came out.  It was just great.  The Mac and Cheese was really creamy- very classic 50's style- the pasta was shell pasta.  The best part-- it had crispy fatback on top.  Like bacon- or the korean samgyupsal -the top part of the bacon that is all fat and soooooo good.  It was very crispy and went really well with the Mac and cheese.  We also had a Spinach salad that was really good and fresh.  The dressing was slightly sweet and tangy and it was loaded with fruit and blue cheese.

If you have seen any of my other reviews, I'm brutally honest.  There was nothing bad I can say about this place.  All the employees were great, the vibe was up and I was not able to be in any sort of bad mood while I sat there, because it was so comfortable.  These guys are paying attention, and it shows.  
Thanks, Ian, and I'll definitely be back!
If you like dancing to soul and funk, then the Friday nights here are your jam.
I've driven by The Trestle Inn several times and always thought to myself  "Wow, that place looks like a crack den."  

Man, was I wrong!  

The inside is absolutely awesome and definitely made me change my mind about this place.  The bar area is cool and there's a projector showing images/video from the 50s/60s (rough guess) on the wall.  There's go-go dancers!  Love it!

The drink menu is also pretty extensive.  I know this place is known for it's whiskey, but they have a good selection of craft beer, as well, if that's your thing.  I ended up ordering the Pussy Galore (mostly bc of the name), which was rye, champagne, and cherry liqueur.   It.  Was.  Awesome!

I love this place.  I will be back!

Things I learned today while on the Trestle Inn website which will cause me to visit again sooner than I thought:  
1.  They have a full menu including four types of mac and cheese.  (Duck sausage mac - I'm coming for you!)

2.  Every Tuesday at 8pm is double-feature movie night featuring:  $1 popcorn, housemade slim jims  and $5 Narragansett pounder + shot of bourbon, $12 Session beer pitchers & $15 IPA & Witbier pitchers. 

3.  Happy Hour is 5 pm to 7pm:  $3 Draft Beer, $4 Happy Hour Whiskey Sour, $5 Narragansett Lager + shot of Old Crow, plus 1/2 price select appetizers & bar snacks!

4.  The Trestle Inn Burger is a bison meatloaf, wrapped in bacon, topped with blueberry ketchup and a fried egg....where else have you ever seen something like that?
The manager here was great. We were accidentally charged the wrong amount and the manager contacted us through Yelp and reimbursed us. The drinks here were great, well made and strong. We had a great time dancing. The place is very clean and well kept and the staff was friendly. Great time !
The new Trestle Inn is worth checking out, it's a good addition to the loft district, with decent whiskey sours and a lot of atmosphere. I'll be back.
The Trestle Inn is one of my favorite bars in Philly. It's off the beaten path so weekday crowds aren't too crazy. The classic whiskey sour is a delightful kick in the face and is the perfect way to kill a post-work evening. Random go-go dancers add quite a bit to the ambiance. Nothing says "whiskey sour" like 70s-era dancing.

The food is the only weak point of The Trestle. The pesto mac n cheese is ok. The wings are just didn't do it for me.
Okay for a long time I haven't wanted to write this review because all I want for is this place to just remain the little hidden gem it's always been in my life. But. Alas, I must rave. This is my favorite bar and dance spot in Philly.

I love whiskey and I love disco so this place is literally made for me. I personally like their Saturday night disco nights better than the Friday soul ones, but listen, after like two or three whiskey sours, you'll be fine with either one. 

One of my absolute favorite parts of coming to this spot is that I never encounter the same group of people twice. People are generally there just to dance, enjoy the music, and have a good time - all walks of life, all shapes and sizes. It feels like this beautiful moment when boundaries that exist in other parts of life get washed away and you're all here for one purpose - to have a good time and enjoy life.

Also always a good time watching your friends get kicked out for jumping up on the go-go dancer platform. They don't mess around. They'll kick you out.

So yeah, listen, if you like whiskey or you like disco, it is your dream bar.

You're welcome.
I thought this was an abandoned building before I realized that it's a really cool whiskey bar. It is located in a not so desirable part of town but with the advent of the rail park that area of town will hopefully get nicer soon! Friendly staff, great space, and great drink list .
Oh, you're craving a whiskey sour? Well welcome to The Trestle Inn where all your whiskey desires will be fulfilled. No seriously. I had the best whiskey sour, ever here. 

The Trestle Inn is a fun and lively bar and definitely a place you would want to go to dance with friends! The 60's go-go dancers are a nice touch and fits the part totally. This is definitely the place where you end your night!

Also love the idea of the private rooms for parties!
Great whiskey bar. Original, well made craft cocktails and interesting snacks. Cool 60s videos on the walls, gogo dancers, etc. They kept the rustic decor.  No Jaeger Bombs here!. Love it
Are you familiar with visceral reactions?  Do you know how you just sometimes immediately think of something based on some external stimuli?  I had a one of these walking into the Trestle Inn last night.

Rob Zombie movie.

If you've ever seen House of 1000 Corpses or The Devil's Rejects then you're familiar with what I'm talking about.  In his movies, he has allusions and styles based on these old trashy looking films.  Scantily clad, partially evil looking women.  Well, the Trestle Inn shows these movies on the wall in the main bar area.  It's pretty awesome.

The place isn't huge but it's fun.  It looks like they just tore out the existing walls, left it raw and put in an awesome bar stocked with lots of whiskey.  This is the first go-go bar I've ever been to.  Whiskey and go-go sound like a great combination to me.

The dancers hang out and shake their thangs all night long.  Their provocative clothing and cool lighting make it a real sight to see.  It's gotta be a tough job.  Do they have like 40 moves that they just rotate through?  Anyway, it's pretty sweet.

The style, vibe and decor of this place work for me.  I dig.
Nice little bar, staff and patrons were friendly.  They make a good whiskey sour (with egg white) if that is your thing. I am not a fan of sour mix, but others in my group liked them. I believe they have a full bar (not just whiskey and beer) but you wouldn't know it based on their menu and looking at the bar. A lot of whiskeys that you typically don't find at most bars.

Interesting bar food, though we were there too late to try them.
I think the Trestle Inn is the happy hour spot that I most look forward to. Here's why:

-Interior is rad. Feels like an actual place. 
-Love the projections on the wall.
-Great drink menu and excellent happy hour deals
-TRESTLE MAC N CHEESE. I don't know what it is about it but it is magic and wonderful and ought to be enjoyed by all. My life greatly improved once the plain vegetarian mac became a regular menu item

I feel like every single person who I take to the Trestle really digs it. I've only been a few times after 9 pm, but for happy hour and an early evening hang, the Trestle is my first choice these days.
This place is a hidden venue with a rougher appearance from the street, but the whiskey selection is very impressive! We went on a Wednesday night, so it was a pretty quiet scene. The bartender was a sweetheart and made our whiskey sours methodically. I ordered the Mary Ann and Ginger Whiskey Sour which I loved... Might be the best whiskey sour I've had to date!
Very cool place.  It's a dive bar, but clean and with an awesome selection of Whiskeys.  Bartenders execute the cocktails very professionally with good quality ingredients. I appreciate that very much. The go-go dancers give the place an extra nice hip feel.  They are cute, energetic ladies dancing in retro outfits.  Kind of takes me back to the go-go bar days of my (imaginary) youth... but please note that the dancers will NOT expose themselves, which I'm perfectly fine with.  Be nice and drop them a tip!  Music can get loud, and artsy video imagery is flashed on the walls. Great place for a change of pace and even nice enough for a fun date.  It can get crowded if you wait too long to stop in on Friday or Saturday night.  Parking is a challenge - but hey, it's Philly.  Just stay on your toes and move briskly towards the place after you park.
Great spot and fun to dance but the service is terrible! Last night, 15 of my closest friends decided to celebrate a friends birthday at this bar. We all paid a $5 cover to get in and headed straight to the bar to grab a drink. The bartenders were extremely rude and it took about 20 mins to get their attention. In particular the bald bartender with the black glasses was extremely rude and made countless comments to me and my friends. When my fiancé an I went to grab our next drink - he ordered a $6 beer and I ordered a $7 lime ricky- the bartender told us it would be $18, without realizing the cost of my drink my fiancé kindly handed him a $20 and told him to keep the change. When I went for my third drink I ordered again my lime Ricky and the bald bartender told me it would be $7. I then realized his mistake on my last order and confronted the bartender about the mistake- he was extremely rude and said their was a "happy hour" which on the chalk board had ended before we even arrived at the bar- when I pointed this out to him he called me dumb and laughed in my face.  Later in the night when the bar wasn't as crowded I went to get my friend a water and myself a beer, he wouldn't even look at me and was purposely skipping me, and serving everyone else around me. I finally said something and proceeded to the other side of the bar and was immediately helped by the other bartender working. After telling my friends about this they all agreed to have had similar experiences with the same bartender throughout the night. Again, as I said fun place but after paying a cover and bringing 15 friends to the bar I am extremely disappointed in the way my friends and I were treated.
The inside is tiny and cramped, food selection is limited and unappetizing. Cocktails were weak and overpriced for a dumpy hipster bar...the bartender wasn't very pleasant either. The Go-Go dancers were disappointing as well, not that I was expecting top model quality...but damn!
Pork belly mac and cheese, deviled eggs, pickled veggies, good beer list, go-go dancers on the projection screen and live dancers on select nights.

Hello, awesome. This place is amazing! All the positive reviews on here I am basically reinforcing. The only thing I will be specific about on my visit was how amazing our server was. He took time to talk to us about the space and everything on the menu as well as what they have going on throughout the week. I hope this places succeeds and sticks around for a long time.
Where hipsters go to fist pump....

Try the Pussy Galore. ---- champs and bourbon need I say more 


Mash up of fleet wood Mack and house music = acid and Molly colliding
Short and simply stated: decent dive bar with gogo dancers and a 70's styled music atmosphere in Chinatown. After awhile the music gets really screechy and the music stopped a few times (a glitch?). 

The drinks were okay but they didn't know how to make a swedish fish shot. No big deal, I just found that kind of funny. Surprisingly we had someone serve us even when the bar was packed with the Saturday 10 pm rush. That's a plus for a dive bar.
I've only been once, but I had a blast.

The staff  and atmosphere are very friendly and fun. The place lacks any pretension or sense of taking itself too seriously.

The cocktails are good and the bartender we had was knowledgeable. The only sort of miss is the food. It's good, but with so many bars in Philly upping their food game, The Trestle probably needs to do the same.

I'm definitely going back.
Here is where it's at: Drinks are decent, music is good, clientele is hip, location is awkward, and it is packed on weekends.

If you are into girls or boys with glasses your dad wore in the 1980's, this might be your place to meet your next relationship. If you own the in-crowd boxset, this place is basically playing that kind of stuff the whole time. If you live in the eraserhood (thanks to philebrity for teaching me this clever name for this area), then it isn't that awkward, is it? If you dig whiskey cocktails, you will get your swerve on.

Overall, I have been to bars like that, and this one is unique. It's not a five or four, but I would go back anyways. I had enough fun. Probably not on a Saturday night.
In my ever evolving quest to gain sophistication and leave the frat life behind I have begun drinking whiskey on the rocks. I am still getting my whiskey legs underneath me however I have a feeling the Trestle is going be that steady hand I need now that the training wheels are coming off.

On my way home from work I was looking at Twitter and saw that Trestle's HH runs until 8:00, has whiskey and beer specials, and is a block from my apartment, why wouldn't I stop in?

Walked in. there was a decent crowd, people that appeared to be my age, the music was soulful, and bartenders were welcoming, so far so good. I went straight for the can of Yuengling and the shot of Old Crow (their house whiskey) to help me get over the fact that I was at a bar alone on a weekday. Given the speed at which I consumed them paired with the fact that I donated blood earlier in the day (an old college trick) I quickly loosened up and was ready for some more rounds!!

Shortly after I went crossed eyed boo met me there for dinner and we went all in on the turkey sandwich and the mac and cheese. The sandwich was very good but paled in comparison to the mac. The mac was described to us as good old fashioned American and after the first creamy bite I wanted to stand up and salute the ol' red, white, and blue. 

I love it here and plan on bringing a group of friends in on Saturday. As an added bonus since there are no TVs there I won't blackout and be asked to leave during Eagles and Flyers games.... at Prohibition....twice.
This is one of my favorite bars in Philadelphia. The drinks are great but not over priced, the crowd is cool and the yuppies do not know about it. Not to mention they are usually have a dj playing great music on the weekends. All in all the Trestle is a great spot.
Laughable bar service. Aaron is so poor a service employee, even his mother can't be proud.
A centerpiece of our cocktail pub crawl. Amazingly good whisky sours, as well as a number of other creative libations using tequila, apple brandy, etc, etc. A fun, funky little neighborhood joint with great prices, tasty deviled eggs, and friendly experienced bartenders. Tastes Great!  Less filling ! (than beer). Trestle Inn gets you there without breaking the bank.
The Trestle Inn has always been the kind of place you drove by when you were looking for parking and thought "yikes, that place is scary."  When I heard it had been reopened under new ownership with a new concept, I was intrigued. 

We went here last night to check it out.  I was out for my birthday and wanted to try something different.  Different is definitely what we got!  The atmosphere and decor are cool.  The go-go dancers are not really the focus and really just add to the atmosphere.  It was a strange but entertaining crowd.

It has the kind of weirdness that I appreciate about Philadelphia.  It's still in an iffy neighborhood, so park close!
Very cool go-go bar...not something you see everyday. They have delicious cocktails and a good selection of craft beer. 

The film playing on the wall throughout the night is pretty neat and great music!!!

If you are in the mood for a snack, try their popcorn..it's pretty awesome!
Came here visiting from NY on a Friday night looking to jam and work off the Korean BBQ I just had.

Whoo did not disappoint, old school music with go-go dancers and a nice beer selection to keep you occupied. Definitely did not expect it after looking at it from the outside on a cold night.
 
Could it use a coatcheck? Yes. Could it be a little bigger? Yes. But a nice little gem to rock out to with little to no hassle (lines, expensiveness, bad dj's)
Excellent Whiskey sours! The kitten with a Whip was really good also. Cool atmosphere and friendly clientele. My only gripe with this place is that there are only 2 single bathrooms in the whole place and they are tuff to maintain with the volume of customers using them. Other than that it is a good spot!
Interesting.... I don't know how else to describe it.

The Fat Pussy was delicious and gave me a very quick buzz to start off Halloween night.

Edit: Oops! Got the drink name wrong. Someone else ordered it for me and that's what they said it was called! Haha whoops! I did think the name was a bit dirty!! Fast Pussycat!! Can't help but giggle now!
One of the best bars in Philly. Great place to get some drinks and dance. Like nothing else you'll find in Philly, and the go-go style 60s dancers and wall of projected music videos from the 60s create a great atmosphere. Hands down one of the funnest bars in Philly.
I've passed this place a million times, but never thought to saunter in. Came in yesterday for a prince happy hour. Drinks were delicious, especially the Diablo Cody. Rosemary Parm popcorn bucket was delicious and only $1 to hold us over until dinner. Chips and blue cheese were a bit odd tasting.  There is no food other than bar bites, so go to dinner first or plan to after. I'm looking forward to returning on a nonevent night!
I really wanted to like the Trestle.  It's close to my house, it specializes in whisky (my drink of choice), and it has dancing girls! 

The problem is the service.  The bar tenders actively ignore the customers.  On several occasions I have literally spent over 20 minutes waiting while the bartenders faced the wall and had a conversation with lots of laughter and smiles for each other.  I and other patrons clearly wanted to order.  I've never been sloppy or belligerent or anything like that there; so why would they actively ignore someone trying to give them a couple dollar tip for 30 seconds of work?  

Once I can forgive, maybe twice (hey, mistakes happen).  But on each of my last four visits I have found my self waiting in excess of 20 minutes while the bar tenders entertained themselves.  The Trestle just isn't worth that kind of wait.
I finally got around to checking out the Trestle Inn a few nights ago.  It's a pretty cool little joint. The bartenders are friendly, the snacks are pretty tasty and the go-go dancers are sweet and cute. It's a great place to grab drinks with friends. The neighborhood is a little on the sketchy side, but that's part of the charm.
Great Freaking Concept. 

I really liked the idea of a whiskey and go-go joint in philadelphia.  The decor and character inside was pretty cool too. Something new and different..  I heard the food is great but we were there post dinner - so next review I'll letting you know my thoughts.

I think we need more go-go I was expecting more than one go-go.
3.5 stars. HUGE potential for 4+stars

$3 drafts during happy hour? 5 stars right here. I love their draft selection, what a steal!

Ambience: AWESOME. The projectors showing 60 styles gogo dancing, naked ladies, what could be better? 

I got the $5 wings for happy hour. They were soggy, I like my wings a bit crispy. It's kind of gross when the skin is soggy and u can rip it off .. it's gotta be crispy! That's why we're at a 3 star right now :p
strong well priced drinks (especially liked the "kitten with a whip").  our waiter was nice enough and attentive even when the dance floor was very full.  The mix was just right on a saturday night.
I frequent this spot every Friday for an afterwork nightcap. And despite the eccentric crowd, chaotic atmosphere, and PBR drinkers this place takes the cake for fun. Not trying to diss PBR drinking, but it many cases it will always lead to blackout drunkeness and debauchery, which is not my forte after a 10 hour shift. My first time here was on a whim with my gal pal and we danced the night away completely void of drink! We came back the following week for her birthday and were served stiff drinks and danced all night with the gogo ladies, who were very sweet an accommodating in making my girl's night special. We fell in love with the relaxed and super casual atmosphere, where no one was shy to dance and despite the fact we were in a room of strangers it felt like we knew everyone. The beer list is always favorable and whiskey is infinite. If you are going to eat, I would go for the Bison Burger, just delish, only complaint is they don't have fries! Its pretty busy on Fridays, but with the crowd in a constant state of drift, seats at the bar are always opening up. I have never been here before during daytime hours, but the nightlife is a must! If you're sick of overly priced dance clubs in center city, I highly suggest wandering off the beaten path (almost to the shadiest corner you can find) and enjoying a stiff drink and some good old dirty fun dancing and booze.
Absolutely the best whiskey bar in philly. No yuppies and no yuppie prices  Various cocktails all of which contain top shelf whiskeys.  The food is tasty but portions are on the small side.  I Had the pork sandwich. Unfortunately the bread was cheap, overtoasted and fell part.  The meat itself as delicious. Meat of this quality should be served on fresh chewy bread.  On the weekends they have a small bar in the back by the dance floor serving beers and their special whiskey sour. Both times I was there a gorgeous blonde was serving at the small bar...            

 ...I had a lot of whiskey sours those nights.
This place is awesome! It's definitely a little sketchy from the outside, but inside was a completely different story. You're greeted at the door and the gogo dancers were a lot of fun and NOT skeazy by any means! I was worried it would be too much like a strip club but it really wasn't anything like that. Think more along the lines of Austin Powers meets 2012. Awesome. The music was great, the atmosphere was friendly and warm, and the food was delicious. The service was a little disappointing but it was busy that night, and having been a waitress before, I did feel a little bad for our server because I've been in those shoes before. But all in all--it was a great experience and I will definitely be returning here.
This place always makes me dance as if there is not a care in the world!
Well, there is one thing that every patron is worried about. 

There is a Manager that is constantly hovering around customers. She doesn't seem to say anything unless she is critiquing the employees or reciting rules to the customers. She lingers. It's so off putting that sometimes me and my friends don't go in fear of another awkward interaction with her. 

You will find a super unique experience, but there has to be something said about a manager that seems to be more like a Mom to all the people in the place. The crowd is overly polite and this type of managing skills is not only unnecessary, but counter productive.

Once, we spent over $100 on drinks. She came over when my friend began to eat a PB/J sandwich. She came over and said, " We don't allow outside food here, because we sell food." She came back to our table maybe 5x in 5 minutes to see if we had any empty glasses or cans. Well, that was it, we closed our bill, left, and spent our money elsewhere. Anywhere, that we didn't have unnecessary interactions with a manager. 

You rarely see the same staff there. I can guess the reason for such high turnover. 

A word of advice: Lighten up. Don't forget why we are out and spending money in the first place: To have fun.
A must go-go ;P The area is a bit dodgy so it's safest to cab, but it's worth the fair.  Spunky dancers atop pedestals and novel music ensure you get your groove on. PBRs a plenty. Hipster scene clientele with a touch of class or a touch of grunge, depending on the night.
I come here all the time, but I'm never here late enough for go go dancing. Trestle inn has a great and generous happy hour from 5-8 even on Saturdays. It's become a tradition for me to stop in every Saturday and get drinks in before the crowd comes. The drinks are great- I love the Earth Wood and Fire. Ask for Vinnie!
I went on Saturday night and can I say this bar is not up to the hype of the reviews. The music was not 60s/70s like others promised. It was a weird electric mix of who knows( and not the good type of electric). The whisky sours were good, but once again not up to the hype of the other reviews. People could say I hit it on an off day but a Saturday CANT be an off day for a bar. They also charged us for drinks that we never ordered. They owe us a beer and a sailor jerry. We even told them to fix it and they said they did. Guess not.
Well that's it a 'cool' whisky bar, weird not good music, over priced drinks, shitty staff, ehh drinks. I wouldn't even recommend this place for pre or post UT shows. I'll never be going there again unless they give us our beer and sailor jerry. I'll be looking toward to hearing from trestle inn management
Place was packed on Saturday night! Fun times though. Interesting decor. Maybe I had too many drinks but I think I saw eggs thrown at the walls? Pretty interesting beer and whiskey selection. I will definitely be back..
While I wasn't sure what to expect for the newly revived Trestle "whiskey a go go", I have to say it delivered on both accounts - whiskey and go go. The prior two reviews do a pretty deft job of summing up the vibe here. The go go dancers were good! Their outfits, moves, and placement, along with the video projections created a unique atmosphere. 

The whiskey sours were killer - made from scratch each time with egg white and good whiskey. I'd say memorable, but I drank enough of them I'm not sure i can claim that adjective. Cool place, fits in with the overall emerging loft district vibe. Walking distance to Prohibition Tap Room makes it easy to see it as part of a local pub crawl. 

I'll have to check out the food next time, and yes there will be a next time.
Whiskey, go go dancers, and great food.  What more could you want.  I believe I sampled all of the whiskey sours all are great.  The ambiance is gritty and sexy, but not dirty.  Pork belly mac n cheese wes delicious.
How can someone have more beautiful hair then Sam Houston?  Go to the Trestle Inn and take a look at Trevor's main.  He has mad bartending skills, too!
uhhhh idk i don't really make reviews but i felt like i should throw my 2¢ in for this one.. cool bar and brings something different, if you wanna pay $20 for a well drink be my guest but if not you can get one just as strong if not stronger down in the gayborhood with a similar ambiance. kinda just seems classist but to each their own

EDIT: after the owners reply i'll still say $20 for a double is pretty steep. majority of places you visit will charge $15 max and not to mentioned it was served in 2oz glass and not an 8oz for a double so that just kinda seems unacceptable that a double is more than twice the amount of a normal well drink  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I always wondered what would become of the seedy looking J & J Trestle Inn as I had driven by it many times.  I figured it would just remain abandoned and be a home to druggies, squatters and 'ho's.  Never would I imagine that I'd become as wonderful as the current Trestle Inn.

Trestle Inn maintains  the slightly skeezy vibe without actually being skeezy.  I love the old non-descript flashing neon sign on the outside, the 60's film projections, and the peeling paint from the walls.  The Go Go dancers could actually dance and weren't as scary looking as the ones from the Dolphin and the whiskey sours were only $7 bucks and as good as the ones from Farmer's Cabinet.
Ya know with lame friends who never go out it's hard for a chick from NYC to get to know Philly. So far city makes no sense to me and looks like you guys prefer to sit on your asses ordering stupid beers etc. However, I have changed my perspective and have been venturing alone.. Not the safest bet I'm sure but I don't travel unarmed so I'll be ok,.

This joint -- mighty nice, the door guy was very sweet to me in that once realizing it was little ole me by myself, he told me who to look out for etc who's friendly.
Have to say, staff was really chill and friendly and gave me a great deal - pity? or am I being paranoid?
Any-hoo... gonna venture out again maybe I'll  make a "If you're a night owl in Philly with no friends because you just/sort a moved here" List
I was curious about this place. So I had 'Brunch with Brittany'. 
I didn't find the food or *Brittany* all that awesome. As a novelty it's worth one visit.
I'm going to have to go back and write a more complete review. Right now this place gets 5 stars for the roasted bone marrow! I had been craving bone marrow for weeks and this really hit the spot. I've only been to Trestle Inn once and i was kind of tipsy so even though i'm sure i ate something else while i was here, the bone marrow is the only thing that shines bright in my hazy memory.
This place is awesome, holds a huge variety of whiskeys and scotches, and has a great vibe.
The Trestle Inn is such a hidden gem! On the outside it looks like a total hole-in-the-wall dive. But once inside, it's a total blast! Be advised it's a "Whiskey bar" but you can still get other drinks. The crowd is always such an interesting mix of people (ages, cultures, etc) and the same is true of the music! But if you're willing to go will the flow and just grab a table in the front or a spot on the dance floor in the back, it's sure to be a great time! :-D
My experience at The Trestle Inn can be summed up in one word: Horrifying. Lesson learned: never go to a new hipster bar for Brunch, stick to the classics like Johnny Brenda's or Standard Tap..
I've heard a lot of buzz about the Trestle. I really wanted to check it out. Move over Frankford Hall and Barcade. This is the place to go! I saw on the website that they serve Brunch, a Saturday Cartoon Brunch and Drag Your Ass Outta Bed Brunch on Sundays. Both could be interesting, I'll take the hook.
Well, a friend and I headed over today for the Sunday "Drag" brunch, which would be featuring a Drag Queen. My friend was a little skeptical knowing what J & J Trestle Inn had been 10 years ago while a student at Temple. I convinced her it would be fun and fears were temporarily assuaged when we walked in. Cool atmosphere; the clientele seemed to be our age and like-minded. We should have turned around and left then.
First inkling that something was severely wrong was the water we were served. It tasted funny. We both ordered mixed drinks so we overlooked the water. I got the bacon & hardboiled egg Bloody Mary, which in retrospect was delish, but overshadowed by the whole experience. We looked over the menu while the Drag Queen bantered with a table celebrating a birthday and hosted Trivia for free shots. We saw a lot a good options and we were hopeful, despite the bad taste in our mouths from the funny water.
The service was spotty. We had to literally call out to our waiter every time we needed something over the Drag Queen's shenanigans. We first ordered an appetizer of a fruit and cheese plate featuring camembert and Humboldt fog. 
When it came out, it was just plopped on our table. I guess I'm just used to side plates being given for an appetizer and even a quick run-down of the different cheeses (3 different cheeses appeared on the plate, so more than just the camembert and Humboldt fog). We called out again to the waiter to get side plates and learn about the cheeses. He didn't know what they were. He had to go check with the Chef. Upon his return with a full cheese report, we told him we'd like to order entrees. My friend ordered the Arugula Salad (menu described it with roasted mushrooms, pine nuts, fresh ricotta, and a blood orange dressing.) I ordered the Bison Bacon "Burger" which was described as meatloaf wrapped in bacon served with roasted potatoes and pickled veggies. We were both starving and excited about our orders.
Plates finally come out. My friend starts digging at her salad. "There are no mushrooms in here, and what the hell is this?" She stabs what looks like a huge, white bouncy ball (we later discover its a poached egg). We try to see what it's in the salad despite the low-lighting in the restaurant. There are beets, walnuts, some kind of cheese and a dressing. Not anything like she ordered. We call down the waiter again and he offers no help when questioned and must go speak with the Chef. He returns to tell us that this is the springtime arugula salad and that they are in the process of reprinting the springtime menus; we were given the winter menus. He made no offer to my friend to get her something else since it's not what she ordered. He just walked away. 
That's when we both lost it. She and I have both worked in hospitality and understand shit happens and mistakes are made, but the way in which there was no apology or offer to fix it was irreconcilable. I personally lost my appetite at this point and my friend picked at a salad she didn't even order for a few minutes and we both decided we wanted to be out of there. The whole experience, plus the Drag Queen's lame jokes had finally gotten to both of us.
I walked over to the bar where the waiter was standing and asked for the bill. He brought it over with no mention of asking if everything was okay. As suspected, the salad was on the bill. We thought to challenge it, but we both wanted to get the hell out of there. We paid, and left. I have never not wanted to pay for something so much in my life. 
Sorry Trestle Inn. I tried. I really did. But I will never go back. Maybe you're good for Whiskey and Go-Go, but not for Brunch.
Like all good speakeasies, the door is unassuming, located a block down from the homeless shelters in the nowhere-land between Chinatown and Northern Liberties (aka the neighborhood where I live).  

Strong, affordable whiskey drinks, that start at $5, yes you read that right...  a third of the price of Franklin or Ranstead.  It must be the pretention... it costs extra.  

Happy hours are fantabulous.  We also had our post-Backstage Pass Party here as well, and they were gracious hosts.  They serve a truly devilish egg!

BTW, this is the newest go-to brunch spot north of Market St.  
Food is  fresh and delicious!

Saturdays feature Saturday Morning Cartoons.
Sundays are Drag Your Ass Out of Bed, my slow pre-coffee brain got the pun after about 10 min there.  

I will be here more often!
Pre-game for a Union Transfer show. Walked in and was greeted by two lovely ladies handing out whiskey samples. Yum. Went to the bar and ordered a beer. They had a nice selection to choose from. Found out later they were known for their whiskey sours. Had a classic sour with egg whites. It was awesome. The service was great, the two bartenders were very knowledgeable about the beer and whiskey and were very nice and attentive. They also knew how to shake a drink. The shaker was moving like one of those shake weight commercials.  The place itself was cool although some people may call it a dive. I liked it myself. Old films being shown on the wall and a 60's style go go dancer providing entertainment.
My friends and I were looking for a place to go dancing so as usual I got to Googling a bunch of places that fit the description. Trestle was one of the first places that came up. Being the research hound that I am I went through a bunch of pictures and reviews before I suggested we go there.

This place did not disappoint in the least. We had originally planned to go to a couple different places that night but we ended up spending the entire night there. The Scotch and Whiskey selection is something serious and even if you don't want that they have all the other spirits available too. Thumbs up for that.

After we sipped on some drinks at the bar we went to the dance floor and it's probably one of the more welcoming dance floors I've experienced. There was a good mixed crowd of younger and middle-aged folk but everyone that was there was dancing and having a lot of fun with it. We immediately got taken into the whole experience and I probably danced harder than I have in a while. What makes it even better is that you don't even really have to know how to dance. Everyone there was basically doing whatever dance they felt fit the moment and that was ok because they were all having massive fun including my friends and I.

We will definitely be making a return trip and I've already suggested it some friends and family that I know would love this place.

P.S. Rocko, the doorman is extremely cool.
Whiskey sour, happy hour? Sure, why not? Forget the fact that I was running a race the next day.

I was already nearby at the PA Convention Center for the RnR Philly half marathon expo, so I walked over to the cool, 60s nostalgia bar soon after they opened for the evening. I had the bar to myself, so I ordered a traditional whiskey sour and an order of their Mini Mac N Cheese from their short list of bar menu food items. (See, I was carbo loading!)

The original and pesto mac and cheese bowls were both excellent and actually more filling than I thought they'd be. The drink was also very good. However, I had to order another one, just to make sure.

Would love to visit again when it's busy to get the full Trestle Inn experience. 3.5 Stars
What a fun find this was!  We were in Philly for the night, and decided to get a drink.  Walking towards this bar from Chinatown, I was a little put off by the exterior.  We almost turned around.  I am so glad we didn't.  Very hip, there was a woman gogo dancing, fun 70's imagery projecting on the walls, and friendly staff.  Excellent selection of bespoke cocktails, with a special emphasis on bourbon drinks (and varieties).  Next time I am in town, I intend to return.
