Remember that time when I joined an all-female punk band (called Bitchfest) with members from my feminist poetry class, shaved my head, rocked combat boots and wore torn up camo shorts, neither do I. That's the feeling I get though when I think of Green Line.

Hanging out at this across-the-park-corner-coffee-shop is similar to the experience of being in the small college class with a random hodgepodge of students where everyone fills a perfect and distinct stereotype. That's the crowd you'll likely find in the cafe with their eyes set to the tune of laptops, Nabokov, and/or articles from academic journals. 

It doesn't miss a beat when it comes to ambiance. Sunlight pours in through the shop's windows and if you sit outside, you can sometimes catch the plastic sword slingers in action at Clark Park. 

Great coffee, but I don't recommend the chai latte. It was really watered down last time.
We popped into Green Line Cafe on Sunday for a quick iced coffee to go and, I have to say, that coffee was delicious! Smooth and flavorful; it was everything I wanted in an iced coffee! 

The baristas were so friendly and we were in and out quickly. I also noticed lots of good looking baked goods as well.
Just stopped in to get some Weckerly's sorbet & ice cream since they were not at the local farmer's market today. 

Was highly disappointed and insulted at the poor customer service I received at the counter by clearly a low paid and classless cashier. It's one thing to purchase some items and request a bag and the items not to be placed in the bag, but it's another to receive an annoying look when asking for a bag and it lightly being tossed on the counter and givien a side remark when asked, "Do you not put items (more than one or 2) in a bag?" Reply, "No"...

Question, "Will I ever return to this place?"

Answer, "Sure, half past NEVER". 

The sure fire way to lose customers, rude and dismissive staff.
This is JUST a cafe. Nothing more, nothing less. Yes, like the reviews below it's big on the wanna-be Gen X'ers and arty farty types (or those who think they are). My date said his Chai was very good & my mint tea was satisfying but this is not a place I'd 'hang out' in.

Very small but decent for a quick drink or bite on your way to somewhere else.
Though I do prefer the Satellite in most cases, the Green Line has a much better atmosphere - I love the big front window, and the outdoor tables overlooking Clark Park.  They also have great shows from time to time near the rear of the cafe.

Their roaster is Equal Exchange, who makes some pretty good beans.  Baristas are friendly and know how to pull shots  correctly.  They also serve Vietnamese and summer rolls from O Sandwiches in South Philly, which are fantastic, though their freshness doesn't always hold up through the day.  It's still nice to have the option, however.

All in all, a great neighborhood cafe.  And on the Wi-Fi thing - it's actually nice to have a place that doesn't have it, so that people don't hog a table all day after having purchased just one cup of coffee.  That can be a little annoying.  The lack of internet seems to encourage more social interaction and conversation between customers, which is refreshing.  I believe the other locations on Locust and Lancaster have it, though.
Good coffee, close to where I live and very artsy. 

The service is SO-SO. I felt looked down on because I don't "look" like the type of patron who would frequent the cafe. I feel like I am judged every time I walk in there.

Plus: good coffee, nice outdoor seating,
Minus: you know that feeling that you get when someone treats like they're doing you a HUGE favor... yea.... I feel like that when I order my coffee here.
This is my current favorite place. In the world.

For the past 3 weekends I've come here for breakfast on Saturday mornings. My friend and I get a table outside and drink $1.85 coffee with $0.60 refills and talk. And play chess. And talk some more. There are rickety wooden tables that need to be propped up with a woodchip on one leg, some of the chairs are broken. There are cute little kids and annoying little kids and the hipsters and young hip mamas heading to the farmers market.

I've also come here alone in the evenings, got a cup of decaf and enjoyed the dusk. I've never felt uncomfortable about taking a table or chair.

The Green Line might not have the best coffee beans or brew or the hippest baristas or even wifi, but in spite of this, or perhaps because of it, to me it is everything that a city in the summer should be.
Green... Line...
You blow my mind!!!

Yep decided to go with a Grand Master Flash pun there. I know I'm capable of something better than that but heck sometimes I get lazy. So the Green Line. I happen to know people who work there and a certain girl that does the nightly after hour cleaning. They have two locations but I only ever stepped into this particular one. Right across from a decent pizza joint selling a wide variety of cold beers and 45s and the famous Clark Park where tons of fun summer events take place. The Green Line has it's own vibe strictly for the West Philly crowd. 

When I say that, you must know that there are three sides of Philly: West, South, and North all have their own kinds of people. West Philly with the colleges, hospitals and plenty of trees make it a kind of hip spot for new people to Philly and friendly environmentalists and at the same time staying clear of the dodgey sketchy areas that also make West Philly pretty dangerous. But for the most part there is a charm to West Philly that differs from South Philly with more industrial sites, the rustic Italian Market, the river, and the giant Ikea overlooking a huge abandoned cargo ship and a building with four smoke stacks. (As you walk around the parking lot it kind of looks like a level from Mario 64. Just odd.) And lastly North Philly with it's Fringe Bohemian crowds, art collectives and plenty of old mill buildings perfect for you and your friends to open a studio for woodcutting etc. 

But back to the Green Line, I like it for it's small space, nice diverse groups, listening to some silly stories from locals, and the bashful baristas giving good service but sometimes slow on the "Oh.... uh... thank.. you... I guess... heh...". Gotta love them. I'm sure they are thinking more on what they plan on painting or creating when their shift ends. I know I would.
Clark Park and the Green Line should be a package deal for review because they just belong together. It's best to get thier coffee to go on a Saturday morning and walk across the street to the park with a book or paper and watch the LARPERS run havoc. There are few times where I have experienced the park without a cup of green line joe. Love it.
it's my new local coffee house favorite, and I'm happy to say that it is. They have plenty of coffee house treats like Steamers and espresso drinks.  when I ordered a steamer I had a variety of syrups to choose from that a lot of coffee houses I have been to doesn't offer.  and the food is awesome. tasty brownies, veggie wraps, cranberry walnut muffins, and so much more!

The green line might just have my favorite outside area, but you can't go wrong with the cool artwork and interesting conversations that it houses within.
Every time I've walked in here I've gotten the feeling that the uber-trendy employees don't think I'm cool enough to grace the presence of this hipster cafe. From the eye rolling to being totally ignored, the staff here couldn't represent better the snobby 'tude of the edgy, effortlessly cool folk. 

Coffee is decent at best. By the time I get back to my place 2 blocks away it is cold tho. Bagels are good but u get one packet of cream cheese, enough for half. Hate to resort to going to DD, but at least I don't leave thinking I just gave money to people now snickering at me. 

Hipsters...uniquely the same.
Our house is super near to the Green Line Cafe.

Passing through the daybreaks, I'd rush down the path, heading for the trolley station in every single day.

While suspending at the corner of Clark Park, my cheek used to lean on the way, which is not the one trolley's coming, that a beam of sun leaded to immerse into the red umbrellas out attached the cafe house, and finally reached down the floor around 8:05. 

I assumed this was a spontaneously behavior of me cause I never drank coffee sitting in there. I did have a sweet meeting before with somebody else, who didn't remain me anything that I'd like to cherish except for the respberry iced tea with the sugar which he told me the middle one is the best among all of them.

The cup of iced tea, by that time, was like people using a sort of transparent icing to mix into some artificial rosy liquid. But it did not taste fancy at all.

The guy appealed to me has disappeared afterward and never came back anyway. It made me some speculations of that day really existed, or the mental clips about that picture which we were talking together in front of the counter, is just haunting around those settings, the wooden square tables and scattered shades under the tree.  It supposed to be a good reason for my werid inclination every morning. 

Huh..?
I really want to love The Green Line, but it hasn't won me over yet. I never get a warm-fuzzy vibe from the staff. It's as if people can tell that I'm not vegetarian or vegan and that I drive a car! Furthermore, I always seem to get stuck sitting outside amidst a cluster of chain smokers. Also, the fact that they only take cash is kind of irritating in this modern era of debit/credit cards, especially when coffee can run you upwards of $5 depending on the menu item. Brownie points for the fact that they do serve fair trade coffee.
I have always enjoy the Greened Line cafe for my morning drink but ever since the owners, the Douglas brother, Dan and Douglas, have fused into one being the atmosphere in the cafe has become a little uncomfortable. It's really difficult to enjoy my cuppachino when "Danglas" is floating 4 feet above the counter screaming "We are one" in two voices. I would have moved to a different cafe by now, but the tentacle coming from the basement that has attached to my lower back shows me images of dead family members whenever I try to cross the threshold of a competing shop. Anyways, 3/5 stars on this one, I love the "West Philly" vibe but my wife is sick of the stuff that "Danglas" projects out of my mouth.
I dropped by this neighborhood joint for a chai latte and a sweet potato breakfast burrito.  The chai tasted like they took a store bought chai-flavored tea bag, put it in hot water, and steamed some milk.  This to me is not chai latte.  There was only a tiny hint of spice, and little much else. 

The sweet potato breakfast burrito was OK - it wasn't bad, but also wasn't good.  It's like one of those things you can make yourself, pat yourself on the back that it didn't taste like junk, and then never make again.

This is also a cash only place, which is a pet peeve of mine.  I'd thought that given there are multiple locations, there would be enough volume to justify paying the credit card fees.
This is just an average "hipster" coffee shop. The coffee is half decent if you drink it black. Adding cream/milk makes it taste watery. 

Their muffins are normal sized. Not the gigantic ones that are 500 calories. 

A muffin + small coffee= $4.25.

There is no wi-fi here and it's cash only.
bagels. yeah. hummus, pesto, pb, cream cheese, i'll take all of those topping in a bag with some untoasted day old bagels from the bargain bin. You all do me a service by selling me those dope ass bagels at half price every day.

Try the Yerba, its got zing. Also, they have some good fair trade coffee. Pricing is fair too. I'll see you tomorrow Green Line. You rock my morning.
It's pretty good.  It's definitely a hip place, and the coffee and other snacks are good.  The prices aren't bad either, they're what you'd expect at a coffee shop, really.

That being said, although I do like this place and would never turn it down, I've never gone there and felt that there was anything exceptional or special about it.  It's just a good, clean coffee shop with decent coffee at normal prices.
I came here with my boyfriend randomly as we were walking by. It looked like a cute spot and we were hungry.... it wasn't! The sandwiches are all pre-made, and not very good. They felt as though they had been sitting there for a very long time, and were all soggy. On top of this, they were WAY too expensive for what they were. The guy working there offered to heat it up, and 5 minutes later we got sandwiches that were burning on the outside and still refrigerated cold on the inside - gross! The meat in the sandwiches didn't taste very good and overall it tasted as though it was really bad quality - or maybe it had just been sitting there for way too long, either way I would NOT recommend eating here. 

On another note, be careful when you go to the bathroom, because it's extremely small and quite easy to get stuck in. Overall, I will never come here again and I don't suggest you do, either.
I dig the Green Line, don't get me wrong, but one thing that always irked me was the lack of wifi here. I know the reason - it's small and they don't want patrons hanging around for hours taking up space. Oh, wait. They still hang around for hours and take up space.

The staff can some times be annoying with their faux street urchin look [most are Penn students so they ain't hurtin' that bad for money].

Tea's decent. Coffee's decent. And you can even get a Fu-Wa tofu/chicken hoagie from them as well.

Best for to go items.
Stopped in for a quick lunch, ordered a bagel with cream cheese, but hey, they're out of cream cheese. Huh? Ok.......ummmmmmmm......this sandwich? Yeah. I grab way-too-expensive-stale bread sandwich. At least I got to eat it in Clark with a friend. I'm glad they're there but they could be doing the food so much better with just a little more effort. *sigh* 

There's definitely potential though, and it seems a possible chill place to hang for some peeps, but not really my bag.
I usually spend time at the other Green Line b/c of their cushioned seats but I have been to this one twice.  Anyways, for some reason, I felt really out of place there.  Maybe it's b/c I don't have the hipster look all the white kids are sporting in West Philly.  It's not like I'm decked out in Abercrombie or something.  I'm a T-shirt and jeans guy...I just don't like my clothing super tight.  That doesn't mean I don't recycle.  Nor does it mean I'm some corporate A-hole.  Hipsterism claims to be tolerant but they (hipsters) always give non-hipsters like myself that look of detached judgmentalism whenever they walk in the room.  Hipsters, do me a favor and please stop making me feel like I caused global warming.  And wtf is up with Hipsters drinking PBR?  It's probably the worst beer I've ever tasted.  Sorry, this has nothing to do with Green Line.  Four Stars.
This Green Line (actually, I suppose the one on Locust, also) is right around the corner from me, so that's nice. The physical establishment is lovely, the outdoor seating is nice, shaded by trees in some places and with a view of Clark Park in others. Prime real estate for people (and dog!) watching.

The staff is hit or miss. There's this one guy who switches between the locations with long-ish curly hair who is fantastic. He seems to really like his job and takes care in the drinks he makes. Others don't seem to care as much. 

I should have listened to Monica about the chai latte (especially the iced), but coffee and I just don't get along.

I got, this time, a pumpkin spice vegan cookie (so good) and an iced chai latte. I'm convinced the girl just gave me a cup of milk with ice in it.  I asked for a little more chai (which I really hate doing, but seriously, I paid $3.60 for this S.O.B.). I think she just put more ice in it.

A sore disappointment on the chai latte front. I can't knock the place itself because it is so pretty and they do use free trade beans and what have you, but I wish some of the staff members were a little less snarky and could make proper chai lattes.
I spent nearly the entire day at the Green Line Cafe the other day helping hang my wife's artwork and I fell in love with this place.

  1. It has great artwork there (not just my wife's)
  2. The coffee is great
  3. The food is great (Turkey cheddar on a croissant...mmmm)
  4. The music choice is good
  5. The people there are simply good people
  6. Everyone that works there is EXTREMELY nice
  7. The owners are great people

My wife and I will be going to The Green Line Cafe long after her work comes off the walls (can't wait to see who's art will go up next).  This is a great coffee shop and cafe and I recommend them highly.
I stopped in here recently with Boyfriend to get hot chocolates. Order was taken, and we waited. And waited.

...And waited...

Finally two appeared on the counter with an announcement. Hooray! 

Except they were not ours. They were someone else's. Wanna know how I found out? The barista snapped, "There are other people waiting." There may have been an eye roll in there.

This was followed by massive confusion, as five of us were waiting for hot chocolates and no one was sure whose they were. 

I suggested to Rude Barista that maybe they should ask for names. I know, I know, that's what they do at *horrified open-mouthed gasp* Starbucks. And I'm sure this wasn't the first time the suggestion had been made. 

Her response? 

"We don't usually get five orders at once for hot chocolate." There was definitely an eye roll in there.

Then we heard the guy behind the counter complain about how he had to make all of these hot chocolates. It was the first snappy fall day of the season. How odd that people would come in and order hot non-coffee drinks! 

In the end it was delicious, as is their coffee, and hooray for successful indie coffee shops continuing to thrive, but I was less than pleased with the bitter service.
I've stopped in here quite a few times. It's small, quaint and by the look of the crowds on warm days, seems popular with the neighborhood. However, every drink I've gotten here has been mediocre. It's a shame since it's so close to work.
Attempted coming to this coffee shop this morning to get a cold drink after being a few weeks post-op from a major surgery and forgetting a bottle of water during a walk through Clark Park with my dog.

I held my quiet, 15 pound dog in my arms so I could quickly get an iced tea as I have many times before at many other coffee shops in Philly, but I was immediately told that if he wasn't a service dog that I have to get out, even for the 2 minutes it'd take to pay and walk out with a drink.  I mean I can even bring my dog into the pharmacy a few blocks away without any issue!

I can overlook a guy shooting up in the bathroom for 30+ minutes during a previous visit here, but I can't overlook an employee being a jerk to me, so I'll be walking a little bit further in the future to go to Starbucks or the badass new Panera. I'm totally okay with not supporting this local business anymore.
I used to think Green Line Cafe was perfection. Sure, our honeymoon period has worn off, but I still think it's pretty awesome. I've always enjoyed coming here in the mornings, and getting some internet-less work done to the sound of coffee grinders and espresso machines (how I work best!). If you're looking for free WiFi, go to the other Green Line on 45th and Locust, which is also lovely. I've definitely had one too many weekends though when I can't get a table and I have had to walk all the way back home, and that's made me sad and bitter. Nonetheless, I really like their coffee, and their bagels are right on (and that's coming from a New Yorker). Not in the mood for cream cheese? You can get hummus, or pesto, or peanut butter, the list goes on, which I dig.
The coffee is not good and the bacon egg and cheese is even worse!! No flavor. Barely any bacon or cheese, just this weird fake egg stuff. Will not be back.
Indie independent coffee shop that has great selection of coffee, tea, bagels and other pastries. Seating is usually available (except on weekend mornings), and environment is perfect for a date-y meeting.

Staff can be cold sometimes, but there's this one guy who gives the best smiles. Try their special cherry walnut bagels, unique taste I haven't found duplicated elsewhere. The biggest thing knocking one star off from my review is no Wi-Fi! It's one of the major reasons why I don't go there more often.
I live in the neighborhood and don't go here much. I feel like they hire most of their employees based on a hipness scale as opposed to knowing anything about making a good cup of coffee There are a few skilled baristas, but they are a rarity. 

This being the case, the coffee defintely suffers, which is the main reason I go to coffee shops; not to be seen typing in my iBook and glancing over my shoulders. For a better cup and a better atmosphere, go down to Cafe Pier One at 45th and Bmore or the Satellite at 50th and Bmore.
No wifi, bad service, and tricky menu. 

Food: cheese egg and bacon muffin. Terrible. The muffin was whole wheat and more like a panini than a muffin. The bacon, WAS NOT BACON! It was some tofurkey crap imitation. The shop puts a star next to their gluten free and vegan options, why not warn the omnivores that the meat their ordering is not real meat?? I'm all for experimentation and new takes on old things, just give me a little warning before I order. 

Wifi: It's a coffee shop with 3/4 of their patrons sitting at tables on their laptops and the barista informs me there's no wifi. I would not even have come if I knew that. I guess, I should have asked before I ordered. 

Service: When I did order my egg and bacon muffin, I was told it would be about 5 minutes. So, I took my coffee and sat outside. No one brought out my sandwich, no one even informed me it was ready. After ten minutes I walked back in to inquire and it was just sitting on the counter. By the time I bit in, the sandwich was lukewarm at best. 

Closest coffee shop in my neighborhood and I'm never coming back
man, i miss going to this place for good coffee and some free internet. this kind of place is becoming ubiquitous in american cities, but i'm still happy to think that the green line was one of the originals
I wouldn't put this place on my list of best coffee joints AT ALL. My reasoning: 

1) the place is completely overpriced (and I don't mind spending a good amount of money for an enjoyable coffee, but this coffee isn't THAT great. Additionally, their sandwiches are so overpriced that it makes me laugh). 

2)the staff is consistently rude. Not trying to throw anyone under the bus here but whenever I go in before work during the week in the morning (7:45am) the same female is always so rude and it makes me extremely uncomfortable. I think I had my final straw today, along with a stale disgusting doughnut (that was overpriced). Sigh.
This is the most organic, buzzing coffee-shop/cafe in West Philly. Just as I've been rubbed the wrong way by the nerdy diligence of the Penn-neighboring coffee-shops, this is a place that is more about neighborhood and community.

There are families, kids playing, couples, singles, readers, writers, and just people looking to sit in the sun, or enjoy a warm Philadelphia night. I think that Clark Park makes the Green Line better, and the Green Line makes Clark Park better.

I've never lived in this neighborhood, but I totally could.
Need to take this one down just a notch. It doesn't have anything to do with The Green Line being bad (far from it). It's just that before The larger Green Line  that hooks up live music opened up on Locust, this was the one to go to. But now it's pretty much second banana.

But being second banana isn't necessarily a bad thing, and this Green Line shows it nicely. It still has the same cool staff, great variety of food, and well rounded selection of drinks. Of course the fact that it's across the street from Clark Park never hurts either! And even though it isn't without it's flaws (the long line during the weekend rush can be killer, it runs out of things like bagels too quickly on most days, etc.) It's still a coffeehouse that McThrill has a soft spot for. And I'm not just saying that because I'm 5 blocks away.
The Green Line Cafe (named after the Trolley line that passes in front of it) is situated in an adorable corner building that faces Clark Park, with lots of sun streaming through the windows and plenty of outdoor cafe seating.

Unfortunately, the good news ends there.  Overpriced, weak coffee is the tipple of the day, and usually there's no less than a 15 minute wait for a cup.  Oh, and if you want to pay eight dollars for tiny servings of different hipster-interpreted foods that don't fit with the rest of the cafe's concept (hummus, banh mi), you can do that too.  Snagging a chair is difficult, as you'll have to fend off young, hip mothers and their bestrollered babies, hipsters, and the occasional old salty dude to do so.  Everyone else is wearing thick, black-plastic rimmed glasses and staring at their Mac laptop.  They must all be working on the "great American novel," because the place doesn't have wi-fi.

It's a shame that this place falls short in so many ways -- it's the kind of place you cheer for, that you would want to be successful (which, in at least an economic sense, it is), and to be a great spot to spend time at, especially when any alternative to the Starbucks juggernaut is welcome.

In short, this would have been a great location to have a good coffee shop at.  Unfortunately, you won't find that here.
It's interesting to see why places like Starbucks are so successful--much to my dismay. It is because abhorrent service and poor product consistency from places like green line cafe. I'm curious if it feels good to the employees to make everyone who walks in feel like the dirt beneath their feet? Or if they take pride in consistently offering poor quality products due to either completely altered mental status or general apathy. Either is unacceptable for an employee at McDonald's where one is likely to receive better customer service than I did here. 

I ordered two iced coffees with a splash of coconut. I received two iced coffees that were one fourth coconut and so sweet that I physically could not swallow the product. It was pure syrup. My assumption is that the barista didn't know what a splash meant, which is unfortunate for him. But what was more unfortunate was the disgusting display of disdain and attitude he displayed when asked to remake the drink. Peace out green Lane, lucky for me hub bub has better service, better product, and is only a few extra blocks away.
I feel like I could totally dig this place.. very vegan/vegg friendly....decent coffee... but I just can't stand when vegan things have that weird texture.. and it seems to only happen when the baker doesn't know what they're doing.. and that's bothersome since I decided to go vegan for lent, and wanted a cupcake! ugh.. The barista? was kind of bitchy.. which I didn't like.. but I can't help really wanting to like this place! baby baby give it one more chance?
If you happen to be hanging around Spruce Hill, or indeed the larger area of University City, consider making the Green Line Cafe part of your day.  We enjoyed our double espresso and iced coffee, both served "for here."  (All Green Line espressos are doubles.)  We liked the vibe of the place enough to return the next morning for breakfast.

I docked one star because my espresso fell a bit short of greatness; indeed I thought that I detected a hint of staleness in the beans.  For breakfast on our second visit, I ordered a cortado and a macchiato.  The presence of milk on each of those drinks was enough to hide the staleness that I had detected in my espresso.
The new larger Green Line has a lot more tables and loads of windows letting in natural light. The walls are barely decorated with art yet, though, and it seems a bit sterile in there.

It's a great place for strong coffee and a bagel, but the other food choices are kind've limited to a lot of pre-made choices and microwaveable wraps.
I'm not a huge fan of their bitter and watery coffee. While I appreciate that Green Line tries to appeal to a community that leans toward organic options, what is the point of that when a coffee shop doesn't get their coffee right? On the other hand, their tea and their pumpkin spice latte (offered in the fall/winter) are pretty good. Their croissants are also good, especially if you get them early in the morning, when they've been freshly delivered. As for their sandwiches, I'd stay clear out of the way. I've had their sandwiches and burritos. They are barely edible and over-priced for packaged food. For a quick bite, I'd walk down two blocks to grab a freshly-made sandwich at Milk & Honey. 

This location has shaded outdoor seating in the summer, overlooking Clark Park and the Farmer's market - a great place to hang out on a nice day. However, it does not have wifi and can get a bit cramped when a lot of people come in. I would prefer their 45th and Locust location as a place to study. Service here is all right. It might be worth noting that they only accept cash.
I found this place when I was trying to waste time before my first "Take the Lead" latin dance party last week (feel free to check my review of that as well!).

It's located across from Clark Park, and is a perfect place to people watch.

I stopped in for a drink and decided to have an iced tea. The girl who helped me was extremely polite and even offered her opinion on the teas they had. 

I went with the raspberry tea, but they get 1 star off for not informing me that it was unsweetened.

The whole front half of the cafe is windows, so I sat by the window and people watched. It is a great little place with great service. :)
When I picture in my head the perfect, ideal coffee shop, I find myself picturing the Green Line Cafe. The atmosphere is great both inside and out. It is a great place to study, hang out, meet people, and maybe even enjoy some coffee. They have a pretty good selection of coffee and tea, and the prices are extremely reasonable. A large coffee for less than two bucks!! The staff is friendly, and there always seems to be a decent number of people there though it's rarely what i would call busy. I love the decor inside and out, and the fact that Green Line Cafe is across the street from Clark Park should not be overlooked.

Needless to say, I've found my new favorite cafe.
Yep, it's got the neighborhood vibe down, but there's nothing exceptional about the Green Line's products.  It's a warm, clean space, which rocks.  It's also a bit too busy for me to study there.  Some folks like activity and noise in the background while they read or whatever.  If you do, snag a table at Green Line where no one minds if you camp out for hours.

It's too far from Penn's campus to be all Penned-out.  It's location allows the manic undergrads to self-select out of Green Line's clientele.  This is really a chill place where chill folks from the area come to chill.  If I could read with conversations going on in the background, I'd come here to chill way more often.  Positively beautiful in the warm weather with sunlight shining through the stained glass windows & Clark Park across the street in its grassy glory.
Could Green Line be slipping?  We took a trip back to the old neighborhood this weekend, and I insisted upon stopping at my old favorite coffee shop for an iced chai latte, which I remembered being very good.  This time, it wasn't.  It was watery, and the ice-to-beverage ratio was ridiculously high.

The treats are still tasty, thank goodness.  I had a $0.50 vegan mini-cupcake, and it was outstanding - much better than those served at most coffee shops.
Clean, bright cafe just across from Clark Park.  The staff is friendly.  The lemon ginger mint tea is excellent!
Friendly atmosphere, although with free wireless on weekends watch out for all the people on notebook computers filling all of the seats. Importanltly - good cup of joe and decent selection of cookies. Friendly staff, reasonable prices.
Disclaimer: There are few cafes I judge for their food. I rarely eat in cafes.
At green-line, I find the service, location, comfort and human-factor  to be excellent. Coffee is a step above reasonable, and brewed robustly, so no complaints. Great spot to hang out in the mid-morning weekday hours, if you're not finding yourself otherwise occupied (or, perhaps, employed). On weekends it's a bit harder to find a seat.
good but I'm not sure it really needs five stars.  A good, solid coffee shop with plenty of room inside and a few tables outside for nice weather.  A good selection of teas and keeping it simple on the coffee front.  I like that it is all glass and on the corner so it seems to light up the night and spill out toward the park.  This is a good place (for me) to work because there is no wi-fi and for the most part internet is not a tool of productivity for me.

Most glaring error here is the food, though.  Smooshed multi-day old sandwiches (hilarious to have Vietnamese sandwiches here when you could be taking out from Fu Wah), cookies/brownies that all seem to be missing key ingredients (I support ye vegans, lactards, and wheat allergics, but the rest of us wouldn't mind fatty eggy wheaty cookies).  And not-particularly-fabulous bagels are basically the only breakfast choice?  Definite room for improvement.
Green Line has the best soy lattes in town, and carries several premade vegan wraps, nutritional bars, and sometimes even desserts.  Another good vegan option is a bagel with hummus;  they carry an especially good, garlicky type.

The other good thing about Green Line is that it has become a community center of sorts;  if you want to know what's going on in the area, or if you are looking for housemates, the bulletin board here is a good place to check.  Unlike Starbucks, they'll also let you use the restroom without insisting that you buy something.  (I buy something without using the bathroom at least ten times as often as I use the bathroom without buying something, so I think it works out well for them.)  This is just one of many ways they are, happily, unlike Starbucks;  quality, atmosphere, and (seeming) morale of staff are a few more examples.
WOW! I came here for one of the Baltimore Avenue Dollar Strolls and I'm so glad I did! This was the first place I hit up and by far my favorite. While waiting in line I was debating whether to go for a regular ol' hot dog or be interesting and go for a carrot dog. That's right folks- a carrot dog. If you've never tried one, I'd say bust your butt and get over to Green Line Cafe to get one, real quick. My oh my oh my. I wasn't sure what to expect at first but it was too too amazing because that carrot dog had me back in line for another one and proclaiming that I may just give up regular hot dogs forever. They slice the carrots up and marinate them in the tastiest sauce, placing it in a regular hot dog roll. They also have this sweet onion relish, which I never usually put on hot dogs, but my friend had it on his and I had to try it. Get a carrot dog without the relish and get one with it. I admit, it's my first time enjoying a carrot so much. All my friends who I forced to try it agreed that it was their favorite Dollar Stroll food. Serious bizness. 

Also the strawberry basil lemonade. Lawd that was delicious. Two cups of that and I was riding on a delicious wave of sweet goodness. What a delightful spin on a age old summer treat. 

They had a fantastic DJ who had me rocking out to some classic hip hop joints. I was totally ready to just chill at this place until the end of stroll. I didn't, but my short time at Green Line was fantastic!! I will definitely be back, no doubts about it.
in the spring and the winter when it's too terribly wet and cold to ride my bike over the spring garden bridge i drive my little car to school and try desperately to find a parking spot near this lil' cafe.  I love the coffee and the chai in the mornings and sometimes late at night a fuji apple fizzy lizzy is just the right thing to hit the spot.  Their prices are a bit cheaper than the Gia Pronto on campus, and the atmosphere is calm and inviting...especially on those cold gray days.
I've heard a lot about this place, so I'm excited that I finally got to try it. It's a cute little coffee shop a little ways off of the main Penn campus area. The area isn't so great, but the coffee shop is small-ish and intimate so it's a great environment for a low-key study session with some good coffee.

I got the Iced Mocha with skim milk (I'm the only one who orders iced coffee in the 20 degree weather but I can't help myself). It was a pretty good drink, although I do wish it was a bit more chocolatey and sugary. I added extra sugar and the drink was pretty good, although I will say that $4 for the drink was a bit too expensive. 

I probably will come back to do work if I feel like making the trek and to snack on something/get a drink. Their assortment of baked goods looked delicious so I'll definitely want to try them in the future.
It is a cozy cafe near Philadelphia College of Pharmacy. I got the window seat... Nah- nah nah-nah nahhhh nah! :-p I just order something to drink just so I can hang out here and use their wifi when I'm nearby. I'm a decaf person so I can not really tell the difference between coffee. As long as it has my milk and sugar, I'm not fastidious about coffee. This cafe has this one spot that is a wallless window view and I love when cafes have that setting. Been here a few times & always had good customer service. I gave them three stars because it isn't as spacious as other coffee shops I have been to, as coffee shops are not just about the coffee but also the atmosphere. Still not a bad coffee shop though. Come by and enjoy a cup.
If I didn't live so close I would never come here. 

The food and drinks are good and I like that they offer second day bagels for cheap. 


However staff here is totally pretentious and seem to talk down to anyone who isn't "cool".
This is a great place to come and hang out and have your coffee.  If you're feeling up for it lean over to the person next to you and say "hey, whatcha reading there?" and you can get started on a cool conversation!  The music is funky and the people are always nice.  They have a small but decent selection of vegan brownies and cookies if you're into that.  Bring your computer, book, read the paper or whatever and hang out.  During the summers when I come on the weekends, it's great to sit outside and then go to the farmer's market in Clark Park.
Weckerly's   ice  cream ( french style)  is  made  and sold here.  The ice  cream is  created in small  batches.  I noticed  the  tiny  see thru  glass freezer last summer.
Stars  aligned  the other day  and I  found  myself inside the cafe  for other  reasons.  This  time I  decided   to try the ice  cream.  INCREDIBLE!!!!!!!   I  actually  consumed   my  frozen gold  at the  end of a long day  filled with despair.  Actually  ice  cream  tastes  best  when you  need  love.  Weckerly's  ice  cream IS love!  

As  for the  cafe, it is a  very  nice  West Philly  cafe- no  complaints.  But I must stress-   come  here  for  WECKERLY'S ICE CREAM!!!!!!!
The Green Line Cafe

Coffee - 4* 
Tea - 4.5*
Inside Environment - 4*
Service - 4* has gotten much better
Outside seating (if its sunny) - 5* 
Food - 4* a good assortment 
Owner - 5* - responsive, and takes customers into consideration
This morning I scoured my refrigerator for something to eat. Behind a jar of peanut butter I found a poppy seed muffin from the Greenline café. I'd bought it at least a week ago. I was incredulous but my hunger usually trumps my good sense. 
I ate the old muffin. No coffee to lift my spirit. No milk to moisten my chewing. And the muffin was still delicious. 

I don't know what pagan magic the Greenline uses but their pastries are always on point.  It may be that their pastries are cooked in house and shipped out to the other Greenline locations. This is a welcome relief , as most cafes in Philly use the same two bakeries for their sweets. 

The coffee drinks are good. The clientele is very student, professor, Clark Park-Mother Goddess- Vegan-Parent.The baristas are chill, polite and generally handsome.  Best of all, there's more than enough seating for everyone. 

The only downside is that it seem like basic hygiene becomes optional when your cross the Schyulkill. Oblivious professors, strong out students and punks don't care that I can smell their pits from ten feet away.  Really gross, but it's happened but a handful times while at the Greenline. 

Beware of these sorts at the Greenline café. Otherwise, enjoy!
Mediocre coffee. Cash only and they don't take anything larger than a $20 (as I was a little too smugly told - I mean really, either get a pen, take cards, or at least put up a sign so that it doesn't seem like a case-by-case assessment of how shady I currently look- not everybody who only has something larger than a $20 is trying to pass a counterfeit bill!)
This quaint little joint across from Clark Park slings some pretty good coffee drinks and expressos. But it really did have a terrible hipster odor and the one bathroom so close to the tables just makes it worse. Not a place I can sit and get work done ;(
The pastries here are not made in-house, as some Yelpers have indicated.  They're from LeBus, which FYI is owned by high level Scientologists.  So while the fair trade coffee you're sipping is economically empowering Mesoamerican farmers, the croissant you got with it is facilitating the economic exploitation of the psychologically infirm by a predatory cult.  

For the record, the coffee here is terrible-- watery and overly bitter at the same time.  The pastries are even worse, and I'm not talking about morally.  Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.  There are plenty of other options in the neighborhood.  

Green Line- do the right thing and switch to Metropolitan.  Not only can they make a decent croissant, they're not borderline evil.
I appreciate a place that has a variety of loose leaf teas as well as reasonable prices for their teas and coffee. The moment you walk in, you realize that you probably are better off carrying out your warm beverage (due to minimal seating options) but that is just fine considering they are located so close to the park.

The interior is right up my alley. it had everything. big windows, some stained glass, two old people playing chess. It was quaint and wonderful.
The drink menu is comprehensive but not overwhelming. and they had a variety of teas. The only downside of a cafe so small, is that when the foot traffic is so heavy, it can get a little difficult. they had one compact "cream & sugar stations" and you kind of have to go one at a time and wait your turn. This is fine for a casual afternoon but maybe not so much if you are in a huge rush. 

Also be warned that if you do get your coffee to go, the cardboard insulator on the outside of your cup is not corrugated so it will definitely be too hot to hold for the first few minutes. My advice is keep alternating between your hands :)
That being said, the decor is cute and comfy, the service is friendly, their prices are reasonable, and their selection is adequate.
A terrific neighborhood cafe, with local art and music. Nice t-shirts, too.
The cafe is perfect for location, and possesses all cafe-like nuances. Ultimately what matters though is the coffee and it is unfortunately less than best. I like to go here but I cannot justify purchasing the coffee which tastes burnt. The vegan cupcakes have nice texture.
Met a friend here for coffee once, and fell in love with the neighborhood and the cafe. The place is so colorful and vibrant, and the atmosphere was lively inside. The espresso itself wasn't anything special, but the almond croissant was buttery and flakey, and the environment was so great that I didn't want to leave. The park is also across the street, so it's easy to grab a coffee before a nice stroll. The big windows, sunlight, and cheerful atmosphere can't help but brighten up your day.
Had the strangest experience at the cafe last weekend while visiting friends.  Was over at the park across the street with my son and his friends, and felt the urge to use the restroom and wanted a drink.  Walked across the street and into the cafe.  Very small and quaint and it was moderately busy but not crazy busy.  Line of about 4 people in front of me.  Only one single person restroom so my son used the restroom while I waited in line.  Order an iced tea with flavored syrup which ended up being $5.  Crazy.  But visiting Philly and things are sometimes pricey so okay, fine.  Girl goes to make it and realizes that coffee is spilled because the coffee pot was not put in right so she sets my tea on the top of the coffee maker and goes to clean the spill, which is fine also.  I don't mind waiting.  Waited another 5 minutes, she cleaned the spill but was doing other orders.  Also fine, I can wait.  Had my son wait in my place next to the counter while I used the bathroom as it constantly had a line.  Came out of the restroom to find all three employees looking at him like he had three heads asking what he's waiting for.  He mentions the tea and the girl who made my tea said she made it and put it on the counter and someone must have taken it.  I hear this and explain that she made the tea and put it on the coffee maker, which confuses her.  I point to the coffee maker behind her and tell her she put it there, and she looks confused again before admitting that it could possibly be my tea.  I say, "I saw you set it there when you were cleaning up the coffee that spilled" and it finally dawns on her that it IS my tea, and she hands it to me with a "let me know if I forgot the syrup" to which I replied that I saw her put the syrup in and that it was fine.  I had to add another sugar as there was not enough syrup to sweeten the iced tea, and it was fine, but I make better brewed iced tea at home.  Had I not been paying attention to what this girl was doing or been on my phone or distracted I would not have seen her make the tea and would have been left with the excuse that someone had taken it.  Maybe she was out of it but it seemed she was on something.  Maybe going to work sober is a better idea, just saying.
I wanted to like the place.  i just moved into the area and am looking for my go-to spot for my caffeine fixes.  The location is cute...across from the park and lots of hipsters, but the shitty service and unappetizing foods will have me not going back.  Too bad since the coffee was good...although I only got about 5 sips from my large iced coffee because it was filled to the rim with ice.  There seems to be plenty of other coffee shops with good coffee and better service in the area, so I will be going to those places.  Thank you very much.  Bye Green Line Cafe.
Hey, the new Green line on Baltimore doesn't have wifi, contrary to the yelp entry/search. Also, according to the barista they are not planning to get it any time soon. 

Other than that, it's a decent place.
At first, I hated the Green Line's coffee, but it's been growing on me lately. Perhaps it's the convenience. Perhaps it's because the baristas are always pretty friendly. Perhaps it's because at 50 cents, a refill on a large cup of coffee is a pretty sweet bargain. Either way, I find myself heading to the Green Line more and more often these days. At the times I usually go it's never hard to find a table, although on the weekends, it's definitely easier to get in and get out. Still, the coffee isn't my favorite. Their tea is really good, though. For a while I would just get a cup of the Darjeeling and leave it at that.

The bagels are FANTASTIC. I always get an everything and it's the best. You can taste every aspect of the "everything," right down to the salt, and the onions crisp up really nicely in the toaster. Their muffins are also really tasty, if you can get them---they're usually gone after a few hours of opening, it seems.

The only really frustrating thing recently is that they only accept cash, and the ATM has been broken for a few months.
This is the smaller Green Line Cafe that is no far from the larger one. It's a coffee shop with the typical coffee shop extras, muffins, scones, etc...

My 2 1/2 year old daughter and I were at Clark Park and she exclaimed, "I'm very hungry daddy." So, like a good father, I responded, "Well, let's get some food."

My search began by looking for a truck or cart parked in the area. There was nothing of interest. Then, we wandered through the Famer's Market. Strike 2. Next, we traveled across the street to the Green Line Cafe.

My daughter loves muffins, that was an automatic win. As soon as she saw one was wrapped in pink paper, well, we had to get the pink one. It was a lemon poppy seed muffin. Though, my daughter probably would have wanted it if it was a boring bran muffin, after which she would have spit it out and said, "No like."

But the lemon poppy muffin was tasty. Nothing super special, but certainly good enough to please my daughter. Like many of these foo foo coffee shops, they overcharged us. Oh well.
Used to come here a lot when I still lived on Baltimore. Great environment to get some studying or reading done. I typically would get an iced green tea, or a medium roast coffee. They are a bit overpriced when it comes to drinks, but I have always loved the friendliness of all the staff working there. It gets really crowded on Saturdays during the farmers market. All the baked goods are delicious. Highly recommend the peanut butter brownie (which can probably cause type 2 diabetes) and buttered croissants.
I wanted to like this place.  It's super close to my apartment, and even though they don't have internet access that is actually a plus for me b/c I can go there and study without distracting myself with the bounty that is the internet.  I have gone there at least a half dozen times and wanted to it to be "my place" but that is NOT going to happen. 

This place is TOTALLY UNSANITARY. The first few times I had been there, in late summer, it was SWARMING with flies.  I had to leave the place b/c I was swatting flies from my computer screen every 30 seconds.  No exaggeration.  Then, a few weeks later, I am back, and I go to buy a chai and I see gnats, like DOZENS of them, inside the food counter where the different pastries are located.  Chilling on top of the muffins and what not.  Absolutely DISGUISTING.  I decide I just won't eat here, and come back a few days later to study again.  I buy an iced coffee and go to use the simple syrup, and there is MOLD on the inside of the pump.  I'm done. 

This place seriously needs to be shut down by the Dept. of Health. 

I really wanted to like it, but my desire not to get botchilism is preventing me from coming back.  Cafe Clave is down the street and is my preferred cafe in that area.  They have plenty of plugs, fewer flies, and better tasting chai.
How do you have a coffee shop with no wi-fi?  Isn't that a cardinal sin?  It goes coffee, wi-fi, tea, pastries, hipster staff, water.

Also it took 25 minutes to get a pre-made burrito warmed on the panini press?  Unacceptable.  

I'm disappointed.
Green Line is another gem in west philly.  Their coffee and lattes are great.  I haven't had their food yet, but it always looks delicious.  The staff here are so nice.  Did a catering order of coffee through them once and it was painless. From time to time, there can be a very long wait.  But, you get a nice touch like a pumpkin in the foam of your pumpkin spice latte.  Fun!   

Green Line also has some of the converted parking to seating green space in UCD.  Love.  The inside is covered in rotating art which is a nice treat.  Not a great place to have a meeting or talk as it seems like most of the clientele is studying or working and it is very very quiet inside.

Cash only.  Bring those bills or be prepared to use their ATM which has a somewhat substantial fee.
This place is alright. The coffee is decent, but I always end up adding a good amount of soy milk. It's not the kind I would drink black. The food is overpriced, especially the sandwiches. Their muffins have been consistently good, though. I wouldn't put this place on my list of the best coffee joints, but it works for a quick cup of joe.
Coffee was fine.All the hot breakfasts are precooked and weren't very tasty.  The place was crowded so maybe that's fine with some folks.
Didn't eat here. But have had coffee and tea numerous times. Not much to set it apart from other shops, but it's local and West Philly local. Better than Starbucks, not as good as Metropolitan.
Cold Brew Coffee Quest #7

With the start of summer in Philly, my wife and I are determined to find the best Cold Brew Coffee that our city has to offer! No national chains allowed.

-Overall Score: 3 out of 5
-Pros: Prime location for West Philly Porchfest caffeine boost and airy + rustic café architecture
-Cons: Singular dark + roasty flavor and served in a plastic cup
This place has a great location and atmosphere but the service the 4 times I have been there has always bordered on rude. Like they can't be bothered to stop texting to help you. Also the vegan chicken wrap is perhaps the worst tasting thing I've ever paid 8 bucks for. Go to the gold standard up Baltimore. Much friendlier staff and better food.
I have such love for all the Green Line Cafe locations. But, this location & the one at 45th and Locust are my two favorites.

This location is conveniently located on the 34 Trolley line, and set at the beautiful intersection of 43rd street & Baltimore Avenue - with a lovely parklet outside in the nice-weather-months.

My go-to order is a multigrain bagel (obsessed with this bagel, have had it many many many times) with cream cheese and a hot/iced coffee (depending on temperature.) The staff is charming, helpful, and all around wonderful. 

If I could give 10 stars, I would. #fanboy

Only hiccup with this location is that it does not have WiFi, so it's best to do your internet-based work at the Locust location.

Green Line forever!
One of the best cafes in West Philly. This is in part because most of the barristas are--for the most part--actually well trained in foaming milk. Scoff if you want, but if you're going to pay $4 for a damn latte, you really don't want it having the consistency of regular warm milk with no froth to it. At that point you may as well make it at home, aside from the enjoyment of getting out of the house. I work from home, so that is admittedly a big reason why I go to cafes in the first place. 

The larger location at 45th & Spruce is on the shady side of the building, the one by Clark is sun-facing. So the Clark park location is a really wonderful spot for morning coffee before a little chigung or walk around the park. I try to make it part of my routine as much as possible.  

I'm also gluten free so aside from the gluten free brownies they offer - which are decent though nothing to write home about, as they are not crumbly like a lot of GF baked goods but do so by being so wet that it is a little like eating chocolate dough - I can't really critique the food. But it seems alright but not really the "main event."
Look, I get it. As a waitress, I understand that sometimes it can be hard to so much as muster a smile for the public as they are generally rude and rarely tip. But this place is a thriving coffee shop with West Philly rich people who often tip. Acting like my soy latte is the worst part of your day is uncalled for. The lattes are...acceptable. The service is mediocre at best. This place is half a block from my apartment so I'll probably keep going here on my way to work. I just wish the baristas were nicer! Also, ask for "in" at your own peril since they often make fun of eat in clients within earshot. I'm  a "please and thank you" kind of lady so they honestly don't need to complain about my unfashionable glasses.
A cute local cafe where one can get a variety of different breakfast foods and drink. The green line cafe is across the street from clark park and can be easily accessed bt walking or trolley. 

This location is fairly small with limitted seating indoors, but also has a nice outdoor seating area as well. 

The food here is very good and options vary depending on the day and what they have available. 

Many of the food options are locally sourced and are typically a healthier(sounds healthier) and organic meal. Options for people of all food types can come here and get food. 

Vegetarian and vegan options can be found here as well as some very unique foods and drinks. 

I love coming here to get decent food, but am always left a little hungry afterwards. 

Definitely a good place to go to and eat breakfast at. Many people come here to do work and study so it can be very beneficial, but maybe limited seating!
Great coffee, most of the staff is nice... 
But serving bagels with those little tubs of cream cheese? And only one? That's a Starbucks move, cheap and unclassy.
Good for fudge Brownie, parfait & root beer! Little shop, set up was typical cafe style, with food snacks (sandwiches, croissants, brownies) behind glass. Omg their fudge brownies are frigging awesome!

It's open until at least 8:15 on Friday night. Staff is small (2 ppl seen behind counter), but there was no line so it was no big deal.
I hate to write reviews for places I want to save for myself.  But, who needs to be selfish?  The coffee here is really, really good.  I will stand in line for it.  And, you will too.  Long line on a Saturday am, but definitely worth it. No going back to Starbucks... Oh, their vegan burrito is yummy.  Definitely big enough to share.
Fantastic COVID-19 protocol in place.   Easy online ordering and pickup.   No one is allowed in the small space except to pick up orders placed online.   They have a table setup right in front with hand sanitizer, napkins etc for easy maneuvering in & out quickly.   No complaints
I recently moved to Philly and have visited the Green Line Cafe several times; this is a great place!  The iced coffee is delicious, along with the tofu scramble (although it does take quite a while to heat up in the toaster so if you are in a hurry, get a croissant). 
I was a little nervous about the service since some other reviewers have taken issue with "not belonging." However, I felt completely welcome there and was impressed with just now nice the employees were. 
I will not purchase coffee anywhere else, this place is great!
Space is small and the place is crowded. You'll have to be really lucky to find a seat here.
I love this cute little cafe! The atmosphere is laid back and the baristas are really friendly -- reminds me so much of Madison!!

Food-wise, this establishment is vegan friendly. I tried the sweet potato burrito and it's super yummy! Soy latte is also done well!! Prices are also reasonable: the giant burrito and a large soy latte costs only 9ish.

Wish I could come here everyday -- too bad I'm only visiting Philly:(
What makes Green line so special is the vibe.  It is an embodiment of some of the best elements of West Philly.  I discovered Green line before I moved to Philadelphia four years ago when I was looking for my first apartment here.  It made Philly much more welcoming to me and I've loved this place ever since.  Why only three stars?

It's 2007.  Wireless internet in a cafe should be standard.  Green line does NOT have wireless, free or otherwise.  (I'm not sure whether it used to or if some of the other reviews were just mistaken?)  If you want free wireless, go up the street (further west on Baltimore) to Satellite Cafe (49th-ish) or head north to The Other Green Line at 43rd  on Locust.
