There's a new BAGEL PLACE in town and I feel it's worthy of a try...or two, or three, or perhaps just go visit on the regular. 

I heard about these new water/honey bagels in town which are said to be comparable to NYC bagels and being a self-confessed bagel snob and former NYC resident, I just HAD to try them out and see for myself.... I'm going to go ahead and say, while I'm not sure they're exactly NY bagels (which who says they're trying to be anyway), they're definitely not like other bagels you would find in Philly and for that reason alone, you must head over here! Oh, and the promise of La Colombe, hot or iced doesn't hurt either.  

These bad boys are large, but on the thinner side like a Montreal bagel, just not quite as crispy. I prefer to have mine toasted for more of a crunch rather than a chew, but that's a personal preference. You'll have to try and find out if you feel you need this one toasted, but don't give up if you opt to go non-toasted on your first go. My lightly toasted everything was rather delicious and covered nicely with toppings. My daughter said her fresh,  not toasted sesame was a bit chewy but still "a 4.5 stars". 

The options here are incredible! Not just the variety of bagels such as pretzel, basil pesto, rosemary and cracked pepper, but the spreads too! Some standouts are lemon poppyseed, sour pickle, honey walnut, bleu cheese and rosemary. Oh, and salads like deviled egg salad, whitefish and shrimp too. 

Vegans, they didn't forget about you! They have hummus and Tofutti, and a roasted portobello option also. But remember veg-heads, depending on how deep your beliefs are, these bagels may not be for you as they use honey in ALL of their bagels! 

They offer a decent variety of both lunch and breakfast bagel sammies and that's exactly what I tried... Smoked beets! Say what? Beets and the proper accompaniments (Swiss, garlic dill sauerkraut, russian dressing, cornichon)
to make a vegetarian Rueben! How creative! Since I'm a dairy-free gal, I opted for the sammy sans dressing and cheese and I must say, while it was flavorful and definitely very interesting and appreciated, I kept imagining how much better it would have been the way they intended with all of the toppings. Torn with this one. I'm headed for the hummus next visit. 

We felt right at home with all of the classic Jewish deli treats like matzoh balls, bialys, rugalach, mondel bread, babka and of course a can of Dr. Browns. Now those options made me feel like I was in LES, Manhattan. The kiddos shared a slice of babka, the chocolate not raisin, but of course. It seemed soft, not dry and was filled with chocolate. 

A few reasons besides the food that made me really fall for this spot is that they care....

-They support local artists! And not just any artist but ones who even donated their earnings to worthy causes. The art for sale on the walls will change every two months and anyone looking to showcase, they encourage you to contact them. 

-They have bins for not only trash and recycling but for composting also! 

-Ramp access for strollers, wheelchairs or walkers. 

-The music! I walked in to "Into The Mystic" by Van Morrison and almost cried on the spot. From then on it was Cream, CCR, and a bunch of singable 70's tunes I loved! 

The clean, open space is rather large especially for a bagel joint. I can't imagine even for a weekend brunch rush it wouldn't be terribly hard to find a seat, even with a family. It also seems like a nice place to duck out and get some work done as well. The seating is carefully designed using every inch of the space and adding wrap around benches. My only suggestion would perhaps be a few outdoor tables?! 

Prices are fair. Service was friendly. 
2 hours no cost street parking was a cinch. 
Bike parking was available also. 


We will absolutely be back and know this place isn't going anywhere anytime soon. Welcome!
I like The Bagel Place for several reasons.  They are (unordered)

- I can walk here
- Fresh bagels
- Stroller friendly
- decent prices

I've been in several times and have always been greeted by kind workers.  The place has a really nice look and feel to it.  It's comfortable regardless if you are just there for a few minutes or even if you linger a bit.  In my opinion, it's warm and welcoming.

Of all of the bagels I've tried, I've been most impressed with the Rosemary and Black Pepper.  That paired with plain cream cheese was a really good meal.  I did my normal routine of picking this up to go and taking my son to the park so I can eat with one hand and push him on the swings with the other.

The fridge to the right of the counter has a number of selections of water, juices and La Colombe draft lattes.  They also serve brewed La Colombe which is a nice touch.

This is a very good addition and filled a real gap in our hood.
I'm not exactly sure why I had such a hard and persistent bagel craving whilst I was in Philidelphia... but I can tell you that I didn't just happen upon this bagel place. I sought it out in a similar fashion to an addict seeking out his next fix. 

It's one of the highest rated bagel places in Philidelphia, and for good reason. The bagels are delicious, the service is fantastic, the place is clean as a whistle, and that matzo ball soup #PlacesOpenPalmOnChestAndLooksAway. Man that matzo ball soup. That matzo ball soup gives my matzo ball soup a run for it's money, and then snatches its wig! 

I kept sipping at it and trying to figure out what was in it... being like... my matzo soup will become better if I can figure out what herbs/spices I'm tasting. Dang Honeychild! 

I got a bagel with everything on the side. I'm very methodical about my bagel set up. Gotta get the cream cheese on the side if you're toasting your bagel. And you should ALWAYS toast your bagel; brings the bagel to life. If you have them put it on, the cream cheese starts melting and all because you need to wait for it to cool down from the toaster. 

Also, I like getting some whitefish salad, tomatoes, and if I'm feeling indulgent (swiss cheese) on the side. That's Mike's perfect bagel. Everything toasted bagel, scallion cream cheese on top, white fish salad, then tomato, then swiss cheese. I know what you're saying. That's a lot of cheese. Well of course it is... we're going for perfection - not just greatness. 

Everything here was super fresh. I would go back in a heartbeat when I find myself in Philadelphia again. Also a great place to work! They have wifi and a good deal of space. In a really cute neighborhood too!
I was a regular customer of The Bagel Place for the last several years, usually stopping in a few times a week to grab coffee or a bagel on the way to work. While the food was good, what really kept me coming back was the staff--they were always fun, welcoming, and seemed to genuinely care about my life. More importantly, many of them seemed to really care about each other, and it was common to see them dancing or helping each other out when I came in. 

During quarantine, many of the staff I had come to know and love were no longer working, and I was able to connect with a few of them. After speaking with them about their experiences, I no longer feel comfortable patronizing this establishment. Things I observed as a customer had been put into context in speaking with these workers, and I realized that this is not the progressive, community-focused business that it claims to be. 

More than once, I personally witnessed the front of house manager (Mary) assume that a Black customer was an Ubereats or Grubhub courier, and the implication was clear that she assumed they did not belong in that establishment.  I was also shocked to regularly witness management openly berating employees, which completely invalidates their claim to be fighting against toxic work culture in the service industry. 

After reflecting on this and the experiences former staff shared with me, I looked to their Google reviews, only to find a review of a Black customer saying they had been treated differently (worse)--to which the owner responded with an aggressive comment saying he "resents the implication." This review seems to have been deleted now, but I saw it with my own eyes. This was uncomfortable to me at the time, but it is outrageous to me now as  a "Black Lives Matter" sign hangs in the window. Announcing the donation of a meager 10% of sales donations to Black Trans lives (when they could certainly afford to donate more) does not discount the way I have personally witnessed the negative treatment of both Black and Trans individuals in this restaurant by the management. I do not believe it is a coincidence that the front of house staff is nearly exclusively white, while all employees of color are working in the back. This is very apparent to anyone who has ever been inside during regular service. On top of ALL of this, I have also regularly seen them cater to local police, including free food and discounts. How can you have a BLM sign in the window while pandering to the system that they are fighting against? 

Now I am not arguing that this place serves quality bagels: it does! But the staff and the commitment to community was what kept me coming back. I can get a bagel anywhere else--and I will--until The Bagel Place takes this as a learning experience and can make some positive changes moving forward.
Sure.  They're new.   But they serve great bagels and great sandwiches and great coffee.   And the space is fantastic.  And the location is perfect.   Welcome to the neighborhood.
Yes, they are new and the service is still getting worked out, but the space and food are a great addition to the neighborhood. And the people working there could not have been nicer. They bring some interesting flavors in bagels and spreads (I'm stuck on the rosemary and cracked pepper bagel and bleu cheese and rosemary cream cheese). A large sandwich menu means this place is not just for breakfast. La Colombe coffee, enough said. A big enough space with a ramp so I can comfortably come in with a stroller and sit and eat a bagel with the kids! As a neighbor, I'm so glad this place has moved into the neighborhood!
The service and checkout system at this place is terrible and disorganized. It's took me 15 minutes to get three bagels. I was late for work. Cashier doesn't really listen to what you say
I hope they get it  together because I want to come back.
Walked in around 10am to try out this new bagel place! I'm a little picky since I lived in New York for 6 years  and the bagels in NY are the best . But I have finally found a place in philly that reminds me of Ny bagels !!!!! Hallelujah! I was starting to get worried I wouldn't find a legit bags place in philly.... And yes I've tried them all! Believe me !!!
Five stars! Food was excellent, and this bagel shop is exactly what Queen Village needed. It has a ramp for strollers, plenty of room to do work during the day, and the inside is beautiful.
So happy this place opened up in the neighborhood. The bagels are incredible, very fresh and the owner is very friendly. I will be going back regularly!
We were so happy to have a new bagel shop In QV! The bagels are 5 stars. I love a fresh, soft bagel with a slight crunch. Extra points for having a ramp for strollers. The only slight negative is that I wish they toasted their bagel sandwiches so the cheese would melt and hold it together. The sandwich was still good, but would have been even better if it was toasted. I also wish they had matzoh ball soup consistently since its on the menu. I want to try it! 

I could see how having only one register will be an issue on busy mornings once everyone figures this place out - but so far we haven't had any issues.
We stopped in for lunch and they were pretty much out of bagels. We ordered a sandwich (smoked beet reuben) which very good. We wanted to take a half dozen home with us and they said more bagels would be ready in a few minutes. The bagels are very good. The decor is very nice with a large dining area and a small lounge area. The service was pleasant. They got crushed by the crowds and sold out early. They need a little time to work out the kinks which is expected and the owner is a very nice guy. Hoping that they become a fixture in the neighborhood.
As much as I would like to see the Bagel place succeed, the bottom line for me is the product and the product seems consistently underbaked. The lack of a good outer crust and uniform shape make slicing them difficult.
For a place deeming itself "The Bagel Place", I was expecting it to be a traditional NY style deli. It's not. It's a more of a cafe than a deli. I stopped by in the morning to pick up a bagel for breakfast, but there wasn't really a large selection (I wanted the Herb bagel but they didn't have that). Also, they only had half and half for coffee, not even milk. It was a little strange for a place serving breakfast feat. coffee and bagels. I wanted to try the babka, but they did not have it and were going to make it the next day. I ended up getting the poppyseed bagel with scallion cream cheese, and it was honestly just OK. My total was 6 and the food honestly didn't warrant the price. I didn't ~love~ the bagel enough to come back.
We heard about the place and thought we'd give it a try. Well $23.50 later for 2 bagels and a $3 can of soda and bottle of water!!! RIDICULOUS!!! This place is so overpriced for nothing. We will not return and they should have ashamed of themselves to charging these fees. I got the cubano which they put 2 pieces of meat on. The wife got whitefish, which was a mere coating on the smallest bagels. The bagels aren't much bigger than Lender's bagels. I'd rather go to Famous a few blocks up for better food, so I can feel full and not feel like someone just stole my money from me. The only good thing is the building which is very modern. I understand it's Queens Village but you shouldn't have to pay a Rittenhouse price for it.
Not a whole lot to say here, as I stumbled my way into this place Sunday around 11 AM while hungover AF, craving an everything bagel with cream cheese and not making eye contact with anything or anyone.  I was in and out in less than 5 minutes, although from what I remember, it's very cute inside and much bigger than I expected.  Tons of fresh bagels and cream cheeses (in all sorts of interesting flavors and varieties).

For my bagel & cream cheese, it came to $3.75, which would probably be cheaper anywhere else, but it was super fresh. I was a little disappointed when I got home and realized it wasn't toasted (was I supposed to request it that way?) and that, per the usual with every breakfast place ever, the cream cheese was globbed on an inch thick so I had to take off half to make it palatable.  (Seriously, who ever wants that much cream cheese?  Light layers, people!)  Regardless, it was still tasty and next time I would request light on the cream cheese and toasted, please. 

Next time I'd also love to try their breakfast or lunch bagel sandwiches and a coffee.
Amazing bagel sandwiches! The avocado BLT is perfection. The  Cubano on pumpernickel is delicious. Prices are fair, staff is very friendly and it has a cool modern decor . Can not wait to go back, highly recommend!
Bagels are interesting...time will tell.  Business model needs work.  Noticed the girls had difficulty reaching up and over the high wire bins where the bagels are kept, makes for slow service.  One register...so if she's tied up the two girls who actually put the order together are standing there doing nothing.  I stood in line for 20 minutes and frankly the bagels are not world shattering good enough for me to want to go back and wait in line again.  Maybe some time in the future...if there's no line.
I really hope that this review changes to 5 stars in the future.  

I know they just opened up and are working out the kinks, but I've been twice.  First time we had 2 bagel sandwiches.  The second time, we picked up 6 bagels to go.  

Both times it took about 30 minutes to receive my order.

While the bagels and the sandwiches are good, the service is really slow.
I come here on the reg for the basil pesto bagel. If you've never had one, you're missing out. I've also been pleased with the pretzel bagels and sesame bagels. Although locals have often recommended I go to another area bagel spot, I am a Bagel Place loyalist because their bagels are just the right amount of chewy and dense. 

They're not cheap, but really folks, that's what grocery store bagel bins are for. 

This place is usually packed on the weekends and the breakfast sammies look delicious. I wouldn't know because I'm faithful to my bagel and cream cheese or just loose bagels to enhance my home breakfast spread. I wish they would put a jalapeño cheddar bagel into the regular rotation and I do NOT recommend the veggie cream cheese unless you're really into chunks of carrot, celery and onion.
After growing up in northern NJ with bagels making up a pretty significant portion of my diet, it was a tough transition to Philly's consistently sub-par bagel game... until now! The Bagel Place's bagels are chewy (as bagels should be!) and they've hit both the traditional flavors (the everything bagel was excellent) and some inventive ones (rosemary & cracked pepper was my favorite with french toast a close second). The space also seems like it'll be a great hang out. Will be returning for more soon!
The Bagel Place is a great option for either breakfast or lunch. 

Both the space and the food are clean and bright. It's an easy space to be in, and have a conversation or do some writing. The lox special is a particular standout...none of the cheap ends of the fish...all quality stuff. It comes with all the proper accompaniments: capers, red onion, cream cheese...yep. The smoked turkey is also better than many of the greasy sandwich options for lunch, and the cubano is not as weird on a bagel as you may think. And you're only looking at the $10-15 range for a nice lunch and a coffee (la Colombe, of course).  Don't hesitate to give it a shot.
This place was very disorganized when I was there. There seemed to be enough people working, however the woman taking my order was on the phone at the same time. It was very annoying as she was talking to two people at once. Consequently I was very flustered when giving my order. I didn't realize it until I left that they never asked me if I wanted the bagels toasted or not, so they weren't. Honestly I thought that would be the default at a bagel shop. Partly my fault for not being more clear. Will try this place again though because the bagel flavors and cream cheese flavors were very good.
I've been twice so far, first opening weekend and then again today, and you can already see an improvement in service and wait time. The first weekend was crazy and I waited over 30 minutes for two bagels with spread. Today I was in and out with a prosciutto and mozzarella bagel sandwich (which was delicious!). In regards to taste, I prefer my bagel on the dense/chewy side and these definitely deliver. So happy to have this place around the corner!
Heard about this new spot from colleagues and was excited to try it! When I heard "Bagel Place" I expected a small storefront with a counter. To my delight, The Bagel Place was an adorable, diner style restaurant to grab some really excellent food. There was a line to the door but the cashier's moved the line along quickly. We ordered a whole wheat everything bagel with apple cinnamon schmear, a bacon, egg and cheese on everything and a cinnamon raisin bagel with plain cream cheese (for a 1 year old). The apple cinnamon schmear was so delicious with chunks of apple oozing from the crunchy bagel. My son gobbled down the cinnamon raisin bagel and my husband raved about the breakfast sandwich - particularly the quality of the bacon. We loved the atmosphere with 60's music, industrial yet homey design and lovely employees. For only being open 2 weeks, we were impressed and happy to see a local business thriving already. We will definitely be back to try the lunch sandwiches that offer something for everyone; from carnivores to veggie eaters!
So excited to have these guys on my block! 
Obviously already overdosed on bagels the first opening month. 
I love the sandwiches, which after talking to Ringo, is obvious hat these bagels are for eating bagel sammiches! Because that's his fave jawn. 
Already tried the whole sandwich board. All excellent but my fave as usual is the everything bagel lox special with scallion cream cheese. 
I'm pretty sure my husband sneaks in visits way more than I do. 
I love that they sell La Colombe too. 

Hopefully the beginners hiccups get worked out quickly.  Glad to have them in the neighborhood!
If you are in any sort of rush do not go here.  It took 45 minutes to get two bagel sandwiches!  

Here are my suggestions working in the Foodservice industry:

1.) Ordering
      -Add another register or have multiple people taking orders and then move them along to pay at a separate station.  This way you can get people through the line and get your tickets to the back faster.

2.) Layout of the store
     - Currently the overflow of people waiting to order overtakes the seating you have in the store.  I would create zig zag style (similar to an airport security check) on the rectangular space by the register.  
   - Move the condiment section towards the window facing 4th street 

3.) Name bagel sandwiches after Philly celebrities.  Like "The Rocky" or "Billy Penn".  

4.). Your bagels are too soft.  Your dough is too wet.  Do some product testing in the off hours to improve the recipe.  

Hopefully someone from the store reads these posts and takes some feedback.  Your business will not survive if you don't evolve and change.  It only takes one bad experience to have someone never come back.

Good luck!
Wanted to like this place. Not feeling it At. All. Prices are NYC prices (literally. I work in NYC and prices are similar) Bialys were waaaaayyyyyy undercooked.  Sausage on saus. egg and cheese was undercooked.

Everything bagel was incredibly salty and undercooked.  The garlic chive cream cheese was salty (how does that happen?!) The structure of the bagel was more like a roll.

Still hungry bc I barely ate the everything bagel, I got a cinnamon raisin w/maple walnut cream cheese.  This time heated.  The bagel was more bagel-like but still did not have that chewiness that a great bagel has.  Also I think they oven heated instead of toasted the bagel.  This made the bagel way too warm when they put the cream cheese on so when I got it- the cream cheese had all melted off the bagel.  Who wants that!?!?!

This place looks nice and fancy and gentrified (if you're into that "new philly" feel), but the food was totally neglected IMO.  Silly bc you're on 4th.  You are not far from South St bagels and btwn Queen and Bainbridge there is Red Hook, Hungry Pigeon, and 4th street- all of which have MUCH better food and more for your money.  We live close.  Loving this place would have been awesome.  We absolutely did not.  If they want to make it they are going to have to get back in the kitchen and rethink EVERYTHING bagel related.  A sad story for a place called 'The Bagel Place'.  

My 'bagel place' is gonna stay South St. Bagels.
Great bagels.  Good service, terrific neighborhood place.  Bagels are soft on inside and crisp on outside.  Nice selection of bagels and flavored cream cheese.
Delicious bagels! As a former New Yorker who loves bagels these were great NY style bagels. I'll def be coming back lots!
Love this place so much! Their cream cheese is everything. I've gone here for breakfast and lunch. Also good spot for la Colombe coffee. 

Reuben on Rye bagel. Amazing if you like reubens. 
Avocado BLT is great. 
Bagel with cream cheese get one every single time (to share) 
Lox Special is delish.  
Classes BEC is good too. 

Plus, the staff is always nice! The wait on the weekends can be long because the demand for bagels on a Saturday or Sunday morning. Weekdays it is quick and easy! 

We will keep coming back :)
I'm fairly new to Philadelphia, but this is definitely my favorite bagel place and I've tried quite a few. Their bagels are great quality and texture and they have a good selection of spreads (sour pickle is great!). I typically just do a bagel with cream cheese but their Butternut Squash bagel sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I've had, and I really enjoy the Hummus Veggie sandwich as well. 

I also really like their ordering and pickup system AND the fact that they have dog treats available for purchase! Always friendly service too.
A nice, neighborhood delight! I love myself some good bagels, and this place delivered and left me feeling very satisfied. 

We ordered: Everything bagel, Egg bagel, Veggie spread, and Garlic & Chive spread. We easily placed the order online, and picked it up at the side window, as indicated by large signs around the establishment. The whole process was simple and quick. The staff were friendly and seemingly followed all the necessary safety precautions. 

Afterwards, we made our way home to toast and enjoy the fresh, soft bagels-- we couldn't wait! From the taste and look, their spreads seem to be homemade and fresh, but most importantly-- DELICIOUS!!! The spreads outshined the bagels, just a tad. I like my bagels with a little more chewy, goodness. However, still well worth it, and had me licking the spread containers clean LOL

Overall, The Bagel Place is a great, local joint with the goods to back it up  Can't wait to go back!
The sour pickle cream cheese ranks among the most mouthwatering, daydream inducing, endlessly addictive cream cheese based concoctions I've ever consumed. 

I went so far as to purchase a to-go tub, with the intention of reverse engineering the recipe, but I, instead, slathered it on just about all of the foodstuffs at my disposal back at the homestead, before I got a chance to sleuth the spread. 

I can confirm that it's delicious with french fries, on burgers, and mixed with pasta. 

Also, on an unrelated note; the basil pesto bagel is ridiculously flavorful. 

It would be incredible as the foundation of a South Philly-specific pizza bagel. 

I think it demands a bagel sandwich collaboration with an Italian Market institution - like Talluto's, maybe, as the sauce and cheese purveyor?
I've come here twice and gotten the caprese sandwich on an everything bagel both times. It's amazing! The mozzarella is sliced thick and the tomatoes always taste fresh (although I'm not sure I would get this sandwich any other time besides summer). What makes it is the goopy balsamic drizzle they add. It's sweet and tangy and the perfect counterbalance to the fresh flavors going on in each bite.
Just delicious.  Welcoming, comfortable, not terribly busy and a pleasant overall experience.  Some people fight over what is a good bagel, and what do I know.  What I do know is that I like these bagels and I biked across the City on Sunday to get them because they're that good.  YMMV.

Pros:

The bagels are the right amount of chewy, crusty and flavor to make it worth the trip in a land of Dunkin Donuts, Wawas and greasy spoons that are wise enough to serve their sandwiches on a roll.  I didn't particularly enjoy the rosemary and cracked pepper bagel, which was a bit spicy for my morning palette, but that's up to you.  The Everything, Garlic and Onion were all terrific!

The cream cheeses are fresh and enjoyable with a wide variety of flavors to enjoy (I like garlic and chives myself) and are almost worth it themselves.  Creamy without being overly processed.  A bonus that you don't need to overspread or lather it on to get the flavor.  

Service was a positive with a very friendly greeting.  

Cons:

Bagging up a few bagels and some cream cheese was a bit slow, but they seem to do a ton of delivery business (go get your god damned bagel, jeez).  But I didn't wait too terribly long.

Other than that, I wish they had another location closer to me in West Philly.  Yes please!

Conclusion:  Oh, I'll be back.
A good spot for breakfast or lunch. The bagels themselves are not necessarily anything special, but they are good. I really enjoyed my pesto chicken sandwich. Good flavor and the bacon on it was cooked perfectly. My little one enjoyed a cinnamon raisin bagel with peanut butter and cream cheese. Definitely kid friendly! We also shared a tasty strawberry lemonade. The space itself has enough room for a group to sit and WiFi is available. The playground/park right across the way makes it ideally located as well.
Freshly made bagels every single morning. What more could you ask for? The fact that they have a large selection of freshly baked bagels is already a good enough reason to check this place out. 

This is he place that made me fall in love with bagels. I was never a huge bagel fan before this place. My go-to order is an avocado BLT on a toasted sesame bagel or the tuna melt. Both are amazing and I'm definitely going to come back and try other bagels. I also got to try the soup of the day, which was a creamy broccoli soup! Delicious but a little on the saltier side for me. 

Definitely going to come back to this space if I ever need to grab a quick bite or if I needed a space to work! They have plenty of seatings with outlets.
Right next to where I live and I'm really glad I'm so close because their bagels are fantastic. Bagels come out perfectly toasted and taste amazing. I usually get a bagel sandwich with sausage, egg whites and cheese or an everything bagel with blueberry cream cheese along with their matzo ball soup and I was extremely happy with everything. Their prices are a bit higher than your normal bagel, but they make all of their bagels on the spot on the same day which is probably why the bagels taste so good so it's worth paying a little more. Definitely making this a regular breakfast spot if I'm not busy in the morning.
Best sable I've had in my life! We got 3 bagels, all with different spreads, and a quarter pound of some amazing sable. Wash it down with La Colombe iced coffee, and I'm a happy guy. Definitely will be back soon.
Terrific bagels (I tried the salt and the rosemary, both were great) and spreads (dill pickle was terrific, my kids loved the strawberry on the French toast). The lox was like butter. Solid coffee. My service was pretty quick, but if things don't move as fast as you like, remember that they're brand new. I think they'll work out the kinks pretty quickly.
This is the first Yelp review I have ever done in all of my 36 years of living on this Earth because THAT IS HOW GOOD the garlic and chive cream cheese is from The Bagel Place. I don't even have words. I wake up in the middle of the night with sweaty palms thinking about it. The bagels here are also delicious, just the right amount of doughy. If you're a garlic lover, get here immediately for that spread, it's epic. Hands down the best cream cheese I have ever tasted.
My experience wasn't great. Being a local I was excited about this place opening. Unfortunately, I didn't have a great experience. No one said hello or acknowledged me. When it was my time to order she barely said a word I had to say hello to her! I ordered a turkey sandwich that was supposed to come with Bacon and they forgot to put it on. Also, when I payed she asked me for change. Seriously?The time to wait was pretty long too for it not being busy.  What's disappointing is they treated the customer before me with warmth and kindness but not for me.

I understand new places take time to work out the kinks. But acknowledgement and friendliness goes a long way.  I won't be returning where I felt ignored.
Used to love this place until today.. Waited for 15 minutes for half a dozen bagels only to leave without them after watching the guy preparing everyone's orders rub his nose multiple times and then use his bare hands to grab the bagels and pack orders. Even the woman ahead of me noticed and commented how gross it was. After he handed me my bagels, I mentioned that I had watched him multiple times rub his nose and then use his bare hands to grab mine and everyone else's orders and asked if he could use gloves or bakery paper to repack my order. Instead of being polite and repacking my order, he tried to argue that he didn't rub his nose. I wouldn't wait for 15 minutes for 6 bagels only to refuse them if he WASN'T rubbing his nose. Either way, there's no excuse for food being touched with unwashed bare hands. I won't be returning.
Finally made it to this spot on Tuesday and I'm so psyched I did! Even though I delayed going, I am a massive bagel fan! The bagels/cream cheese are a little more expensive than other bagel spots in the neighborhood, but it's completely worth it!  I ordered a everything bagel toasted with veggie spread. I wish I had my phone on me to take a picture of it. The veggie cream cheese was so packed with vegetables. I usually expect some shavings or finely cut veg to make me feel better about eating a bagel, but this has chunks of them, and the bagel texture was actually bagel like(less roll like)

So good! Will definitely be going back!
2 bagels with cream cheese = 45 mins. Bagels were interesting and good but took way too long.
Gotta try this place- extremely fresh! People are very nice and helpful - definitely coming back here!
This is a great place for a solid bagel sandwich. They have a lot of bagel and cream cheese options and their lunch bagel sandwiches are definitely delicious. I usually get the one with brie and it's divine. I know that a few months ago they didn't have a way to pay beforehand so even if you called ahead you still had to wait in the but they have since changed that (thank god). If you go on a weekend morning, however, be prepared for it to be PACKED. Apparently word that this place is great got around the neighborhood. We come here very often and don't plan on stopping any time soon.
I live out of town but have friends in Philly and really love visiting this spot when I'm in the area! I love that one can satisfy either a traditional deli craving (e.g., an everything bagel with lox, or smoked sable-- there are SO FEW places to get stable!), or explore and be delighted by a unique taste. Their pesto bagel is the best I've ever had-- really flavorful. And if the dill pickle spread sounds good to you (maybe not on pesto bagel, though that's really your call), you'll like it even MORE than you expect. The Cubano sandwich was so good, I got ANOTHER one for the drive back to DC. I really wish I lived closer, so I could be a regular here.
I know that bagel rating is highly subjective,  but this was pretty mediocre in my opinion. My bagel success criteria are - strong yeasty taste, good structural integrity, and a lightly crisp thin crust so it has that snap when you first bite into it.

We had three bagels - pastrami on toasted sesame, plain with cream cheese, and a rosemary to go. All three were extremely squishy. They would compress like a piece of bread when you bit down on them, with no bounce back. The flavor was flat and pretty bland save for the rosemary, which had a soapy taste due to too much overseasoning. Nice peppery finish on that one though. 

Pastrami was nice - thin sliced and savory. Also glad to see that they had Dr. Brown's soda, although my can had a lot of black dust on it.
I had gotten delivery from here a few times, and then I discovered the physical location (by chance!). I love this little cafe - great seating, WiFi, good bagels, and decent bagel sandwiches. I recommend the chicken pesto (less so the deviled egg sandwich). Everyone was super friendly, and service was quick. I have a feeling I will be going back here often.
These bagels are good. Not exceptional, but goods. Their veggie cream cheese is exceptional, if you like a chopped salad barely held together with cream cheese, which I happen to. Did they get my order right? Not so much, but they were close and the counter guys are super friendly. Their iced coffee is nice and strong and they have comfortable seating. You could do worse.
Really spectacular bagels!!! Great creamed cheeses. We'll be back often. Pretzel bagel is perfection. Good space for families.
Hot and new is right! Killer selections, incredible add-ons and also VEGAN cream cheese! Yummy. Located in a cool part of the city too. Go check it out.
A lovely bagelry in south philly. Great place to go when the wait is far too long at other brunch places in town.
First time here.  An assortment of bagels but I must point out that they have egg bagels which takes me back to my Brooklyn days.  And my dudes loved their bagel egg sandwich so this place is a win!
Dill Cream cheese I got this morning was moldy and dated for 7/6/17 when i got it out later to schmear. Guesswork would lead me to believe that was the production date since sell by was crossed out. Bummer to see fresh dairy served not so fresh since I work in the dairy field. Tried calling and got no answer. Otherwise, an ok bfast sandwich n coffee I had there.
This was my second visit. 1st time a disaster. It was opening weekend with long lines and inexperienced staff. Needless to say I was not impressed by anything including the bagel.
Fast forward to today, over my snit and wanted a bagel. Rye bagel with apple cinnamon cream cheese. It was great. So good I'm heading back to my neighborhood bagel place this weekend.
i saw the bacon egg and cheese on an everything bagel posted on instagram and honestly came in just to try that based on that post. the space is gorgeous, clean and modern. the menu is mouth watering and they're doing breakfast right. having only ordered the sandwich i wish i had more to
snack on cause i'm a fat kid. but next time i'll get a few things and eat till i have to be rolled out of the door. the older woman (sorry, you're not old! i'm just young) was very sweet and quick to call is when our order was up. i over heard owners talking to guest and they seemed nice. def going to ask to meet one of them next time and thank them for bringing better breakfasts to philly.
I have a love/hate relationship with this place. It's a great space, delicious bagels, and close to the playground and my house. But there's this one girl who works the register/takes orders who is so unfriendly it makes me want to not even order something. The first few times I encountered her I gave her the benefit of the doubt, but today she was especially miserable which annoyed me. You're the first person a customer sees, at least fake a smile and ask what I want to order instead of just standing there acting like I'm bothering you.
One of the best bagels I've had in Philly. The egg and cheese is delicious, very comfortable space and a great staff.
Its the best New York Style bagel you can get in Philly. The saddest thing about leaving the neighborhood is not being able to get one of the best breakfast sandwiches around.  Kid loves this place too...  very child friendly.  Great staff, great food, great space.
The sandwiches are always on point and delicious. These bagel sandwiches are huge, we love it so much. Keep up the good work!
The Bagel Place has great bagels with generous amounts of sandwich materials, and their delivery times range from reasonable to super fast. This is my go-to place when I'm craving bagels and lox. Staff is also very nice.
We recently moved to the neighborhood and love this place!! Bagels are fresh, delicious and reasonably priced. They have an extensive menu with eggs, lunch creations (pastrami and turkey are favorites!), flavored cream cheese, homemade bagel chips, and egg salad / chicken salad. Service is friendly and prompt! They serve La Colombe coffee too which is delicious and an added bonus! We have already been 4 times already and consider it a neighborhood favorite!
The Bagel Place is a clear neighborhood favorite - with good reason. The bagels have a lighter texture, with a pleasant chew, nice flavor and a decent crust. The spread selection is interesting and the one I chose, pickled cream cheese, was tasty and unique. 

Though the place was pretty busy, most people were doing pickup and seating was ample and well-spaced.

The only issue we ran into was the 15 minute gap between the time it took for my order to come out and for my dining partner's bagel to come out. We understood that his involved cooking eggs and bacon, but I honestly would have preferred if both of ours were prepared and sent out at the same time - my bagel had cooled down completely and lost the slight crisp from the toasting by the time we were both able to eat our bagels together. 

Overall, I'd recommend coming for the simpler things and skipping the more involved menu items if the place looks busy - the bagels and spreads are good enough to speak for themselves without the added cooked components.
Exactly what our neighborhood has needed! The Bagel Place is such a solid breakfast/lunch spot. Their friendly staff is always a nice addition to the great food. The bagels themselves are the perfect size and they have a freshly baked slight crispiness to them that is just so delicious. I'm a big fan of their spreads but I have to say that their bagel sandwiches are really the spotlight items. Favorites are the tuna salad sandwich, the turkey club and the Cuban.
Having been late to work for a meeting, I had to pay our "penalty" which was bringing breakfast for the next week. 
Being a NYer, I knew I had to get bagels. Found this place on yelp & they delivered. 

Food: delicious fresh bagels. Arrived still warm. Only downside is they were not sliced. And we had no idea what each one was. We got the bakers dozen which was picked for us sans the 2 onion that I'd requested. The rest all looked like "everything" which was fine. It's a one time thing. 
Got 3 8oz schmears. More than enough. 
Delivery: on time! 

I'd order again but def. request them to be sliced.
I ordered whitefish salad sandwich $9... added cream cheese... $11.70 total.  Bagel is good, they skimped on the whitefish.  Not worth the price.
This sandwich is pretty good. It is very filling off of the first half, so it can be a shareable sandwich. They sell out of the type of bagel you may want pretty quickly. 

I'm a tourist so this was pretty good.
I always enjoy the Bagel Place!
Today I had the Cubano, a sandwich with grilled lechon asado, sweet ham, swiss, spicy brown mustard and pickles.
I recommend having it on the everything bagel.
It is awesome!
I can't believe I have never actually written a review for this place. It is THE BEST bagel shop in the city. I think it may actually be my favorite place that I have ever bought bagels from. The bagels are so fresh every time I go, whether that be during COVID or before, and the service is always spot on. The egg and cheese is absolutely unreal. As someone who is an incredibly tough judge on eggs, these are perfection in a bite. I'm happy I don't live closer or I'd be eating here everyday.
Not a huge bagel fan, but I would definitely come back here in a heartbeat. Their breakfast bagel was the best I've ever had. It was an egg and cheese with bacon on an everything bagel. It was perfectly warm and melty and the bagel was soft and fresh. The seating area was very spacious and comfortable. I sat in a side booth with throw pillows. A beautiful clean space in a very pretty party of the city.
The Bagel place is a cute coffee shop with a modern vibe. The place is very clean and cozy, I would definitely recommend it for studying and having coffee and a bite to eat. We came in for some coffee and the person at the register was super nice and friendly. I also liked the music that was playing in the background. Overall, cool place.
One of my QV go-to spots! The bagels are great, the wait is usually pretty short, and there are tons of bagel and spread options to choose from. Order online to make it even easier!
Ordered this for Easter morning brunch while we are stuck at home. Staff was friendly and accommodating and the bagels were sooo good, like so good. They got her quickly and were so fresh and delicious. 10/10 will be ordering from them again and hopefully going in person as soon as we can!!
If you are looking for a good bagel, please grab one from here. They have a great variety of bagels and spreads to choose from. I grabbed their blueberry bagel with strawberry cream cheese and a La Colombe iced coffee. The bagel was delicious and I loved the fresh Strawberries in the cream cheese. 

There's also plenty of out door and indoor seating if you're looking to dine-in. Will definitely come back for a cozy remote work day outside of my home.
Finding a good egg and cheese can be hard but thankfully I found this place! I've ordered twice recently and my most recent order got to my place in 9 minutes. The bagels are delicious and the egg and cheese is great. Highly recommend!
