A gorgeous Saturday morning in the city and we want some brunch....but of course. What we don't want is the line and wait that comes with the usual hotspots as we had a lot to do that day. 

On the hunt for a locals only, lesser known joint, we found Tasty Toast deep in Point Breeze. I'm going to start by saying this spot isn't going to be for everyone...It's definitely a casual, neighborhood spot with what seems like a lot of "regulars". 

We were a tad confused when we entered. No hostess. No sign to seat ourselves. But that is indeed what you do as we were told by a family already seated. 

Took a couple minutes for our menus to be brought to us. ..
There's some lunch options and some rice bowls I didn't expect to find on there, but I got the feeling breakfast is the main draw as it's served all day! This is perfect for a brunch spot especially for those who may have had a late night the night before! (Wink wink). 

Half a dozen omelettes, a bunch of enticing sugary waffle options, savory plates, and what I've heard a lot about,  which is their breakfast sammies. 

Kiddos split a short stack of pancakes with chocolate chips. There were huge and only $3

Hubs got a simple breakfast meal which included 2 eggs, cheesy grits, buttered and jelly toast and meat. His meal was so huge that he was able to share the grits with our daughter as what could've been HER entire meal! 

We all tasted a house made plum iced tea! It was absolutely delicious!!! Try it! They have a bunch of different lemonade and such already made, but this one was suburb! It comes already sweetened which usually isn't my style but plum was such a new option I just HAD to. Glad I did. 

While there's a nice chunk of goodies for vegetarians, there is hardly anything on the menu for vegans. Some oatmeal, sweet potatoes fries, garden salad. I decided just to go with a freshly made fruit smoothie. I chose the "Happy Camper" which had mango, pineapple, peach, spinach and kale. It was huge!!! Only $5, and incredible! Get one!!! Even my hubs who was weary of my bright green drink loved it! The kiddos did too! This was the highlight for me. 

The place with an open kitchen and bar seating in the back grew on me the longer we stayed. Like I said, it's not going to be for all. It's not a fancy center city brunch spot, but it's solid and cheap! We couldn't even believe our total when the bill came! Insane!!

At first I wasn't sure if we would do a return visit because of the lack of options for me, but once I tasted that smoothie and chatted with the kind owners, I knew we would be back one day. 

*unmetered street parking.
The only reason it isn't a 5 star review is because they seemed disorganized & were a little slow getting me service even though I was sitting at the diner counter with servers using the surface in front of me to re-write tickets. Then on my next visit I'm once again sitting at the counter & being patient waiting for service. Once I get around to ordering I'm asked "for here or to go?" & I say "for here." This may seem inconsequential, but I didn't give it a 2nd thought because she gave me my coffee in a mug. So I heard someone working there say my name over by the cash register & see a half dozen to go bags. Well Ryan is a pretty common name, but I literally see no food on the grill & eventually ask my server to check on my food. She brings me a bag with my breakfast sammie & I remind her I asked for it for here & if she could get me a plate. Instead of just grabbing me a plate she says I asked for it to go & goes to get me a plate. My breakfast croissant had gotten a little soggy sitting in the bag for 5-10 minutes, but it was still really tasty. Aside from that they're great!! 

I got a breakfast sammich with beef bacon on wheat toast & it actually exceeded my expectations. I was pretty surprised because it's such a simple item, but it had really good flavor & the toast was perfectly toasted haha the coffee was run of the mill, but they give you a pretty big selection of sugar & sugar substitutes along with a small cup of cream. Their juices are all Nantucket bottles or Snapple. They offered a few other items on a chalkboard for smoothies, sorry, no pic. I tried the Plum Tea & it was VERY sweet, it came in a to go cup, but I don't know if they brew it or pour it from a store bought bottle.

I'm pretty impressed I was able to get the sammie, a juice & a coffee for $8. I mean, I feel like nowadays if you can eat at a place for under $10 you won hahaha
I love this cozy breakfast/brunch place in Point Breeze! I only wish it were closer to my apartment but it's still well worth the bike ride over. They have  a cute assortment of succulents that enhance the warm, welcoming atmosphere. 

I've been here a couple times now, and everything I've gotten has been on point. This time, I ordered the Walnut Street pancakes and a breakfast sandwich with scrambled eggs, cheese, beef hot sausage, on an everything bagel. The pancakes were delicious, with cookie butter layered between each pancake, and the walnuts adding that extra crunch. The sandwich provided a perfect savory counterpart, I only wished the beef hot sausage extended into every mouthful. I've ordered the French toast and omelettes before and recommend them too. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. 

The staff is also super friendly, on our first trip we got complimentary iced tea that was so yummy (they have a wide selection of drinks that are popular). The prices can't be beat. Between the two of us, our total came up to just under $20 including tax and tip. This place is a real hidden gem!
My favorite breakfast spot in Philly. Service is spectacular. The place is bright and clean. Good grub. Omelets huge and fluffy. My favorite homefries (get em with peppers and onions).
Good prices. Wish it was closer to my neighborhood !
I seriously just had one of the best breakfast sandwiches I've ever consumed. 

So I came in and ordered at the counter and sipped my coffee as I waited. I asked the person behind the counter if the scrapple melt sandwich came with egg, as it doesn't say so on the menu, and she said it didn't I was very confused and asked "so it's a piece of scrapple on bread?" and she said yes, at which point the manager or owner comes over and corrects her. She tells me it's like a grilled cheese with egg and scrapple. For $5.50, I decided to give it a try. I love scrapple. 

It wasn't until I was sitting there, sipping my coffee, that I really got a feel for the place. The manager/owner lady who helped me was so absolutely personable, friendly, and just pleasant to watch interact with others. A man came in with his son, and she was so sweet to him, talking to him and gave him some juice. I heard her on the phone, talk to customers in person, entertain this child, and interact with staff and was so impressed by her positive attitude and happy demeanor. Even when ordering, I asked her if it was possible to make the sandwich with over easy eggs and she told me that, yes they can do it, but I should really try it with the scrambled eggs. She said if I didn't like it, she could make one with over easy eggs, but gave me a look that said 'trust me', and I did. 

When my order was up, she handed it to me, showed me what it looked like on the inside to get my approval "Does this look good?" and my mouth watered and I said yes. "You'll love it, trust me" she assured...and damn was she right...but we're not there yet. She sees that my coffee cup is almost empty and asks if I want to take the rest of it home and top it off. How incredible! The coffee was only like $1.50, which is perfectly fine to sip a cup and a half, price-wise, but she put the rest in a to-go cup and topped it off. Now THAT is hospitality. I paid for my sandwich and left (I took it home). 

Well, when I get home, it's still hot and melty and toasty and looks really good. I take out half, expecting to save half for later (haha joke's on me), and take a bite. Oh. My. Heaven. So buttery. So crispy. So cheesy. So savory. So soft and moist and just...wow. I added some black pepper (I'm a pepper fiend), some New Orleans hot sauce, and was in heaven. I am writing this review like 12 hours later and still dreaming of it. Needless to say, I ate both halves right away, sipped my 12oz coffee that she gave me to go, and reminded myself to write a review once I exited this food coma. You can see a photo of the glorious sandwich in the pictures. 

Cash only.
This is my favorite place in the neighborhood. Great food, large portions and reasonable prices, friendly service in a clean and attractive environment... My parents came to visit from out of state, I think we ate here three times that week, they loved it that much! 

I only hope they will consider more options for vegans!!
Tasty Toast not only has great breakfast food, but impeccably polite staff. The food is made fresh, and you can watch the staff as they make it. Their drinks are also diverse with Korean plum tea to green tea lattes. My favorite dish is their chicken and waffles. The honey mustard that comes with it is fantastic. I would highly suggest you try it. I always come by when I'm in the area and look forward to future visits.
I really like tasty toast! They have great smoothies and affordable brunch/breakfast options. Definitely a great little local place.
The only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars is the waitress I had was the worst customer service I've had in a long time. With that being said the owner is very sweet and accommodating and made my experience enjoyable. She corrected everything she could and knew about and also gave us a free fresh baked pastry, which was very much appreciated. The place is clean and nicely decorated. It seems their thing may be the baked goods and dessert breakfast, which all looks amazing! I'd say from what I had to eat which was a blt and grilled cheese for my son, it's pretty standard diner type food, but I was fine with it, especially for the fantastic prices! They are cash only but have an atm machine inside.  The waitress didn't know what came with the meals and didn't bother to find out, I asked if my sons grilled cheese came with fries she said it may come with fries I said ok that's great. She comes back with a grilled cheese and over easy egg...I asked about the fries and she said to me " I said they may come with fries, I didn't know for sure". It was rude and just plain horrible customer service. Same sort of thing happened when I asked about if the take cash or credit, she said I don't know I don't handle the money here! Really! I recommend them getting rid of negative people like that and they will be a gem in this neighborhood!
This place is pretty awesome. Clean. Bright. Friendly staff. The presentation of the food could compete with a high end restaurant. I love that you can watch your food being made (if you sit at the counter). 

I would have given the tasty toast 5 stars if they had vegan options and accepted cards. They do have home fries and an ATM on location... but I'd love if they had almond milk for the oatmeal or pancakes. I wouldn't mind paying a dollar or two more for vegan because a lot of our food requires it to be fresh made, but honestly when you step into this place it kinda looks like they would serve vegans. Guess not. And cards are just more convenient if you're on the go.
The decor was fantastic and it's probably one of the cutest hole in the walls I've seen. My friends brought me here and I wanted to like it very much. Maybe my expectation was too high. When the waitress came up to us, I order an ice coffee with almond milk. She said yes then she came back and told me they had no almond milk. That's fine. I ordered an ice honey jasmine green tea. Now as an avid bubble tea drinker I expected real green tea. What I got was an overly sugary drink with what tasted like milk. I don't drink milk that's why I asked for alternative. I was extremely disappointed. My friends encouraged me to speak up about it and I would probably not drink it at all. 
She came back and said she was sorry on how she made it. Asked me if I wanted to exchange. I said yes, just a ice green tea like the regular bagged ones. She came back with a hot black tea. At that point I gave up on it. 
Proceeding to ordering food. I wanted a salmon cake with eggs. She told me there's no more salmon cake. Fine. I asked for the eggs with sausage, home fries and whole wheat toast. She asked me what kind of bacon I want. My patience was wearing a bit thin. 
Eventually she got my order right. When she brought me my food. I had to remind her that my food came with toast. She told me they had no more plates and proceeded to give me the toast on a piece of parchment paper. The sausage links look like something out of a grocery store that you buy in a box with a Jimmy dean logo on it. I know cus I buy those. The food was average. 
I really hope this is her first day because other than that there is really no excuse for such a performance. 
3 stars for hopes that it could be better but because of that experience sadly I may not come back.
We come to Tasty Toast often and every time we rave about how amazing it always is. Within walking distance to us in Point Breeze. The staff is always so friendly and welcoming. The service is pleasant and quick even on a busy day when there are no tables or seats at the breakfast bar available. They have many options available for both breakfast and lunch. The atmosphere is cozy and they always have great music playing. The prices are also very affordable. They do not skimp in the amount of food they give you! Highly suggest trying Tasty Toast for your next meal!! You won't be disappointed. Definitely a gem of a place on Point Breeze Ave!
With a breakfast joint this good, normally I would say it's part of a dying breed of restaurants: unpretentious, affordably priced, and still possessed of a decidedly local feeling (one gets the feeling it's a neighborhood crowd here, and the food is nothing if not Philly staples). But it's relatively new, which gives me hope that these kinds of places will take back the scene from the overpriced, fusion-hipster-dreck restaurants that have taken over other cities. I don't award five stars lightly, but this place earns it.

I came in here because it was a short walk from where I'm staying in the neighborhood, and I liked the descriptions of it as "unpretentious." Everything inside has a decidedly laidback feeling: a few tables were taken up, but it wasn't hard to find somewhere to sit. I settled on a beef scrapple melt with grits and coffee.

I won't lie, a big part of this five-star review is the melt. Served with texas toast, scrambled eggs, cheese, and beef scrapple, it is honestly a top-tier sandwich that is also extraordinarily filling. It's one of those rare meals where you can sit back and catalog the wave of tastes as it hits your tongue: first the eggs, followed by the scrapple, then the cheese, and ending with nice buttery toast. It's astonishingly filling and even more delicious. Grits are a weakness of mine, but for those who don't care for them homefries are also available.

What did all of this come to? $8.75, and I left feeling almost uncomfortably full. Possibly the only downside is that it's a little slow in getting to you, but I came in with an empty morning so waiting for a few minutes was no obstacle for me. I also overheard management saying they were planning to hire another cook, so that would take care of that.

A quick glance down the menu also showed salmon cakes, salmon and steak, typical breakfast sandwiches, and a lunch menu. Looks perfect to me.
I honestly feel robbed!!! I ordered a fish platter, a bacon platter with no egg, a side of grits without butter, a side of tater tots, a smoothie with protein and was changed $49!!!!! I did the math myself.... it shouldn't have been over $30... I'd love to know who I treated to breakfast because I'm SURE I paid for someone else's food along with my own. P.s the food is GREAT.... just don't like being robbed.
Cash only. Friendly servers. Huge portions. We started our long day here and were greeted by friendly faces and great food. The cash only part is always a bit annoying, however if it helps keep their overhead costs lower, than I can support that and know that they will be able to stay in business longer.

We were there on a rainy morning and the neighborhood was peaceful and quiet. If we lived in the area I know we would be here frequently. Bathroom was clean, always a good sign. And as I stated earlier, the server was friendly and prompt with our food. I could see how the service would be slower on a busy day, but c'mon people, this is from scratch and not from a box or bag. Legit food and a nice atmosphere. Keep being awesome Tasty Toast.
Yum!!!!  Holy chicken and waffles Batman!  This cute and modern new brunch and lunch spot is such a great addition to Point Breeze Ave!  The food was excellent.   I recommend the savory western omelette, big portion of cheesy grits and the stellar brownie served warm.  I'll be back for brunch again for sure!  Also great to know is there's an ATM by the front door.
Sooooo good!!! Chicken and waffles with the homemade honey mustard!!!! Sleepy head sandwich!!!  friendly staff, great environment, and no regrets! 

Street parking is scarce.
Excellent addition to Point Breeze! The place was adorable and simply decorated, nice relaxing coffee shop kind of music in the background. Very very clean and the owner was incredibly attentive and sweet. 

My son and I both had the waffle breakfast sandwich with bacon and egg. The waffle was light and sweet and delicious. A really nice change from our typical breakfast. The prices were very reasonable. I had coffee we both had a breakfast sandwich and I took home 2 pastries to go our and bill was $14. 

The desert case of homemade pastry and cheese cakes are delicious so definitely save room or bring some home. 

I was a little bit alarmed and quite frankly embarrassed that some of the other customers sent food back for silly reasons. The guy next to us complained that his omelette didn't have enough onions. Another lady apparently didn't get her bagel fast enough and walked up and yelled at the cook asking where it was. Really people, relax and eat your food. 

The staff handled everything calmly and professionally. Check this place out and support a nice local business.  Point Breeze Avenue can use many more places like this.
I'm giving three stars because I'm on the fence about this place. The food is great and prices are awesome. However, don't come here if you don't have an hour to wait for your meal. Every time we come it's been a terribly long wait and every time I convince myself it will be better, but it's not. The staff is apologetic but the managment needs to get it together. Hire another cook, especially for weekends. Even when the place isn't full it's a long wait. There is one waitress and one cook for an entire restaurant and that's ridiculous. Cute decor, great food, but when I'm hungry-I'm hungry.
Solid breakfast sandwiches. They serve waffles and some other options but I haven't tried them. Also the fruit shakes are made on premises and they are quite popular.
Got breakfast here. Extremely affordable menu in a clean atmosphere. The owner even sent our table free desert after we had a big breakfast for 6. The servers were real sweet young girls who wanted to make sure they did things right. The omelette I got was cooked like a pocket with the veggies separated from the eggs. Definitely check it out =)
This review was in consideration of the location, price, and food. 

Location: Tasty Toast is a nice, clean, well-decored spot located in Point Breeze. Though it may not be the prettiest part of the city, this place definitely adds some good light to the area. 

Price. Prices are pretty good. I got chicken and waffles and it was $7.50. Though the prices looks pleasing, I wasn't blown away by the portion given. But I guess you get what you pay so I think it's fair esp in the city. - (I'm a texan, suburbs boy at heart)

Food. The chicken was boneless and katsu style and already cut into strips. They also give you their house honey mustard and it was pretty good. I don't even like honey mustard that much too. And on the same plate you get 4 cut up pieces of waffle. 

They also play nice music! Acoustic, bands, 90s, etc

Overall I'd give 4.5.

Would I recommend? Yes, I'd go again. Esp if i want to get away from the common popular spots in the city.
This place was worth the drive. Got the waffle with cookie butter and was in sweet tooth heaven. Want to try their savory items next time we come.
This unassuming little cafe was a pleasant surprise. The neighborhood is bland, but once inside the space is cozy. 

The omelettes were huge and full of fresh ingredients and flavor. The coffee was hot and fresh. The service was perfect. and you can't beat the prices. I imagine that the "cash only" policy helps to keep the costs down. Don't worry, an ATM is located inside if you need one.
Neighborhood gem. Huge portions, very affordable, and good atmosphere. Also, the owner gave us free dessert today because it was our first visit. It was the best. The only down side is that it's cash only (though there is an atm on site).

Looking forward to coming back and trying more of the menu.
(note: I'm not gluten sensitive enough to need a dedicated fryer, but if you are, the fryer doesn't seem to be dedicated.)

Walked here mid-day with some coworkers looking for lunch that wasn't yet another food truck hoagie. You'd need someone to tell you where it was: very unassuming from the outside.
Inside is seating at a counter and also tables, and all these tiny cacti potted in home made containers that you can buy. Staff was super friendly, and it seemed like it was a local neighborhood favorite from the number of people streaming in and out.
The exciting thing though? THE FRIES. $2 for a decent sized container, fresh out of the fryer, perfectly browned, not soggy, not crunchy, salt to taste. I haven't had fries like that in a very long time. 
My coworkers got teriyaki bowls, which are made custom to your order and seemed pretty healthy and delicious. Prices were really reasonable. Cash only though! And there is a bit of a wait time for takeout food since it's all made in front of you.
This place is definitely a hidden gem in Philadelphia.  The decor is very cute.  The restaurant itself is super clean.  The owners are very welcoming and friendly.  I've tried 3 eggs scrambled, home fries, pork scrapple, and grits for breakfast before.  Food was cooked good.  Nothing was overcooked or undercooked.  Off the lunch menu I had a cheesesteak with fries.  The desserts I've had at the tasty toast was both made by the owner.  Must say, probably one of the best desserts I've had in a long time.  All so delicious and tasty.  Portions are ginormous and always leave here full.
Great breakfast spot with lots of choices plus they have lunch too. Waffle sandwich, pancakes, eggs and turkey bacon cooked to perfection. Normal wait time. Clean and cute decor. Friendly service.
The food is great and the prices are excellent. In regard to service, there is much to be desired during peak times (particularly Sundays after church). Still, you have to understand that it's a small space and staff is doing what they can. I've been back several times and the servers have only been apologetic when in the midst of rush. As a resident of Point Breeze, I've got to tell you: try this place out! You won't regret it.
I can understand that this experience may have been a fluke based on other diner's reviews, but it was so off putting, that I simply cannot refrain from writing a review.

My Mother and Father flew up from Florida and my Mother-in-law came down from Connecticut this past weekend to celebrate my recent graduation. On our last morning, we decided to try out the Tasty Toast which is in the neighborhood my wife and I live. The experience started off a little funny-- no menus for 10 minutes, toast brought out way before the meal as if it was dinner rolls, and a unique/talkative but friendly waitress. 

After about a 45 minute wait for our food, the meals came-- well, four out of the five meals came. I was told once the food was brought that my order did not call for an egg temperature and since I had given one, the chef couldn't make it. This would not have been a problem had I known. As a matter of fact, when I placed my order I told the waitress, "Not sure if you need to know my egg preference, but if so, I would like over-medium". So, I said again-- "that's fine, I don't care how the chef needs to prepare my meal, just please have him make it". I tell my family to continue eating. 20 minutes passed by without me seeing the meal. At this point, my family was done with their meals and one had shared their pancakes with me to tide me over. 

I walked up to the counter to tell the waitress, "Not sure if the chef is making my food since this is taking so long, but I don't really need it at this point, just please bring the check". Well she decided to walk me across the restaurant to inform my entire family that the chef was angry at her, and that she would be paying for my meal (THAT I NEVER WAS EVEN GIVEN). The over-explanation and inclusion into the chef and the server's drama was awkward and annoying, and ultimately ruined the final meal of what was otherwise a lovely weekend. 

As much as I was annoyed with the waitress, it blew my mind away that the chef (who might also be the owner or manager?) either did not even make my meal, or did not prioritize it to get done. There seemed to be absolutely no effort to make it up to us. We paid the tab for the four meals, tipped the woman 20% and got the hell out of dodge. Won't be recommending.
I love this place.  They literally just opened, but I've been here 3 times already.  The food is tasty, the place is really clean and the owner is the sweetest person you'll ever meet - guess that's why she makes the most incredible desserts.  I've had her red velvet cake 2 days in a row!  It was delicious.  It's nice to have an establishment like this come to Point Breeze.  Oh and they make waffle sandwiches, so...
This place ROCKS!  Not only is it very reasonably priced but the decor is adorable, it's super family-friendly, welcoming, clean, air-conditioned... literally the best addition to the neighborhood that I could imagine.

I got their pork scrapple, egg, and cheese sandwich on a long roll with hot sauce.  I sat and chatted with the owner for a few minutes and they were SO friendly.  She even threw in a free slice of cake from the day before since they only serve cakes made that day.  I will definitely be making this place a part of my routine, especially because their food is great, the staff is lovely, and they truly care about the comfort of their customers.

I would recommend this place as an alternative to Point Breakfast and Good Morning Breakfast.  It's way cleaner, friendlier, and has a more relaxed welcoming atmosphere.
Great little no frills corner luncheonette. Breakfast was very good, nothing fancy but very well done, and pricing is fantastic. I was able to get a bagel egg and scrapple sandwich, iced coffee, hot coffee, and belgian waffle platter for under $15. Perfect fit for the neighborhood.

Also, if you did not know yet, the owner is a fantastic pastry chef. I sampled her cheesecake, and it was on point. I don't even like cheesecake that much, but I would buy this one again.

And to top it off, it is open a little earlier than the other places in the area, so people that leave for work early can stop in and grab breakfast on the go.

definitely going back to support the local business.
This place never disappoints. Food is always wonderful and CHEAP!! Staff is super friendly. I will be back plenty more!!
BEST VALUE FOR THE MONEY!!!
This cafe tucked away in Point Breeze is well worth the small drive. The food is exactly as it should be. No "artistic flare" just simple good food! I love the home fries. The western omelette is excellent! Spread the word...
Ok so i just now ordered two platters (french toast, cheese eggs, sausage & 2 waffle scrapple and eggs) i was in there for an hour before my platters were even done...only received one waffle. The waffle is so thick and tuff that it was not worth the wait. I was not offered anything for my inconvenience not even a sorry.. i decided to get home fries and he asked me "what I wanted in them", I said onions but I guess he heard "nothin" well $ 2.50 for home fries plain versus $ 2.75 for onion whatever dude..just give me my home fries...which were also nasty and I waited another 20 mins. Ill stick to point breakfast right up the street..yes tasty toast has cute decor, but their food is not on either of the point breeze breakfast stores level. Not going here again
This place is great. For those that need a change from Honey's, Ants Pants and Sidecar, this place is a refreshing change in atmosphere and price. Granted you won't get cornbread pancakes with cow tongue sautéed in bacon grease (or any other crazy combos these trendy places come up with), but it's just a solid breakfast joint.
This place is a gem! Giant omelet for under 5$, delicious hash browns, and super friendly service. Really clean inside with great Jazz music and cool decorations. You can sit at the bar or at the tables. Our server was really friendly as was the rest of the staff. I'll definitely be back! Ate all my food before I could snap a picture... it was fresh and delicious. The food isn't pretentious, just good home cooking style breakfast in a great atmosphere.
Good little place. Breakfast/Asian fusion. Kinda surprising tbh but potato/potato my wife's Shrimp omelet seamed exactly right, my eggs where good and the hominy was gritty. The green tea matcha was sweet.
Really good, super friendly staff! Reliable neighborhood spot for a guaranteed good breakfast.
I love dining at Tasty Toast because the experience feels like a true representation of Philadelphia. A favorite among locals, my friends and I often come here for breakfast. The staff are friendly, the food is great and the price is right (cash only). If you cannot find parking right outside on PB Ave, just take the first right onto Reed St, there are usually plenty of spots there!
Agree with others. The food is ok. The amount of time it takes to eat at or order from this restaurant is mind blowing. An hour to cook a breakfast sandwich is ridiculous.
Lunch today was great. Had fried talapia, which was moist and flaky, with a great salad and steamed broccoli. Broccoli was tender and not mushy.  Clam chowder soup was excellent. Portions are large and very filling. If you want something and don't see it on the menu, just ask. Waitress was excellent, very couteous and pleasant  bringing our food immediately, and checking on us during the meal. Staff is friendly and upbeat. Always nice experience.
Wow. I had such a perfect morning here. Charming waitress, great customers who were happy to spill about what they loved, not too pricey, which means I can afford to come back. Stop to savor the Plum Tea to start with. Clean, bright and friendly with great food.
My favorite breakfast spot in Philly. Service is spectacular. The place is bright and clean. Good grub. Omelets huge and fluffy. My favorite homefries (get em with peppers and onions).
Good prices. Wish it was closer to my neighborhood !

Little bird platter:  two eggs, meat, homefries with peppers and onions, toast. 

FOUR slices of bacon !

Good stuff. Lots of other menu choices for breakfast.
Service is excellent here and their special sand which is so good !! You must try pop eye melt!! Love their smoothies too!! Love tasty toast !!
Food was good but dessert was better. I really liked my western  omelet with turkey bacon oh and the fried chicken is great. Apparently, there are new baked goods made each day. Service with a smile was nice! My friend said his fries were ok because some were good and others were hollow. Buy all in all we will definitely  be back. I just wish they could be open later than 2:30pm. But I love that this place is here. It s a rare gem . I will definitely  return and recommend to others
As always, the food at Tasty Toast did not disappoint when I went for lunch this past Saturday. My breakfast sandwich was just greasy enough to cure my hangover, but not so greasy as to make me pay for it later. All of the items on Tasty Toast's menu are delicious and fairly-priced, if a bit uninspired, and my only complaint is the service. While everyone is friendly, getting water/coffee or even just getting a menu in hand take far too long for a small diner-esque restaurant and the food consistently takes 25-30 minutes to arrive at the table.
The Smoothies are everything whole wheat pancakes were aiite. Nice esthetics...reasonable prices. Didn't live it's a cash only place....but they have a atm on hand. So cool in the cut...smoothie shop. Nice breakfast or brunch spot.
Great breakfast, shotty service. 

I usually order to go here because my boyfriend had a hiccup with one of the servers. We did wait a while for service/food and never got refills on our drinks, but he could see more than I could. On that occasion he said he would never return. 

Since then I've ordered take out and the food is good!
Point Breeze was the last place I thought I would find the best breakfast and lunch gem in Philadelphia, but sometimes when you venture outside of your comfort zone you find gold. 

If you find yourself craving anything from a delicious green smoothie to a breakfast sammie or banging chicken and waffles, head on over to The Tasty Toast ASAP! Donna and her husband are there every day making you feel at home and ensure that you'll leave satiated with a full belly! They have an amazing smoothie selection, breakfast sandwiches that trump every other sammy I've had, french toast and waffles that will melt in your mouth, and a fabulous selection of omelettes and salads that will satisfy the healthiest of eaters.  Donna is the sweetest woman and runs a very tight ship at TTT- ask for her special plum tea, delicious iced coffee and you'll be a regular there in no time!! Enjoy!
Me and my wife was referred to this establishment by a relative, and was very pleased, I ordered the grilled cheese on Texas toast with beef bacon and home fries, my wife ordered home fries walnut street waffles and the big bird(I love a woman with an appetite) all were delicious and filling, we will definitely be going back, I'm just sorry I wrote this review after and didn't take any photos so you all can see the portions, which as I said was filling.
Tasty Toast is perfect in its simplicity. They are cash only, so they keep the prices very reasonable. Their smoothies are some of the best I've ever had. The scrapple and egg sandwich is beyond excellent. Fast and friendly service, great food and great prices. What more can I say. If you're in the neighborhood, do yourself a favor and try them out.
Lovely owners and great food. The veggie omelet is my go-to but you really can't go wrong. Call ahead if you need it fast - they can get busy!
The cutest hidden gem.

It was a Sunday morning, we were tired from a late night, and wanted brunch....but where, oh where, does a college student get Sunday brunch around here without a hour+ wait?

Thank Yelp, we found The Tasty Toast and drove over from West Philly.  It met past our expectations.  Adorable little cafe with a varied menu (typicals to more interesting, less common choices like shrimp and grits, waffle sandwiches, matcha lattes, etc.)  Little plants on shelves adorn the bright atmosphere, and the staff was warm and welcoming.

My matcha latte was extremely sweet--warning for those who don't want a sugar bomb early in the morning.  I didn't mind, however.  
The pancakes were so thick and fluffy! Thoroughly enjoyed.  

Cash only, but there is an ATM.  Prices are very reasonable, bordering closer to cheap than moderate.   

We will be back.
Great basic neighborhood breakfast/lunch/brunch spot! Especially on Sunday mornings when you're too tired to make breakfast. The phone lines get busy so I find myself having to walk there to order, but the order doesn't take long. Make sure to check your order before you leave though, as they've forgotten some stuff- little things like syrup for my waffles to my side of scrapple. 

I've tried their chicken and waffles, pancakes, omelettes, and in my latest visit- the Popeye melt. The pancakes and eggs are great! The waffles are a little too dense-I like mine crispy on the outside and fluffy in the inside. I loved the popeye melt- the beef sausage was a little spicy but I like spicy. They also have shrimp and grits which my boyfriend said was delicious. 

I haven't tried their teriyaki bowls as it's served for lunch on weekdays only. 

I love their smoothies! Especially the hulk. You can't taste the spinach or the kale. Great treat for the summer heat ;)
