For the last year, I have fondly referred to The Bishop's Collar as "The Bishop's A**hole" after an incident with a very rude bartender. I mean, I know this place is popular with a lot of people in Fairmount, and I know I must have looked young next to all of the meemaws and peepaws standing around yukking it up, but give me a break, here. I'm still human, aren't I?

But when we wanted to go out for dinner post-blizzard, I suggested we go there. It was only 4pm and I figured all of their usual patrons would still be lacing up their orthopedic shoes. So we stopped in for what turned out to be a delicious meal.

I enjoyed their veggie burger, even though they ignored my request to hold the mushrooms, my boyfriend enjoyed his cheeseburger, and the nachos were decent. It was a filling, solid, tasty dinner. 

As a restaurant, which I'm basing this review on, I give this place 3 stars. As a bar, I'd give it 1.5 stars.
I meant to update this review after my last visit a few months back but apparently forgot. I don't think the 3-star review holds true when I am actually a big fan of this spot and have visited several times over the past couple years. I don't live in Fairmount anymore, and I definitely miss having BC nearby.

Why?
- Bartenders are really nice.
- Neighborhood feel.
- Pretty good food.
- Beer list wavers between good and excellent depending on the day.
- Fast service.
- Great prices.
- Decent spot for HH.
This is the first, maybe second establishment I've ever wanted to give zero stars. My boyfriend and I met our two friends here last night for dinner during an arts festival in the city. All four of us had an absolutely awful time and it dampered our evening so much we all just went home afterwards instead of staying out in the city. 

The place was pretty busy for the festival, but completely understaffed. There were one or two bartenders and only TWO servers for the entire packed restaurant. What the hell was management thinking? Because of this oversight, the two poor waitresses probably ran a marathon over the night and every table suffered for it. 

The four of us are very easygoing, have all worked or are still working in the restaurant industry, and didn't care at the beginning. We made sure our order was all ready by the time the waitress came over. We ordered two appetizers and everyone ordered a sandwich as well. I also want to mention that we were all drinking, and one of us even ordered the $40 bottle of beer on their menu. Clearly we were there to spend some money, and yet no one felt the need to take care of us at all. 

At least 30 or 40 minutes go by and finally our sandwiches start to arrive, two at one time, and two a few minutes later. But what about the appetizers we had ordered 40 minutes ago? Our server finally remembered about them after we asked her where they were. She looked like she felt bad and was going to take back our sandwiches, but we were starving of course and wanted to keep them. We told her to just bring out the apps when they were ready. Everyone thought their food was okay, no one thought anything was great. My bf mentioned his sandwich wasn't even hot when it first came out. I took two bites of my veggie wrap and found out there was no hummus on it. So it was just a dry wrap with cold, roasted veggies. And then, no joke, 10 minutes AFTER everyone had finished their food was when the appetizers finally arrive? We just look at her in disbelief and asked her to wrap up the food and bring our check. I also ask if she could bring me a side of hummus to go, since it was missing from the sandwich. Again, we're trying to be as nice as possible here. Then she tells me that the kitchen had run out of hummus and she had forgotten to tell me. No. 

When we finally get the check.. every single item was on the bill. Including the appetizers that took well over an HOUR to come to the table. And including my sandwich that wasn't made correctly, that I didn't even eat. So we had to wait for our server to come back and ask her nicely to see a manager because things were ridiculous. Speaking of manager, where the hell was management? Clearly no one here cares about their customers. I've been a manager, and you better believe if someone's food had taken even HALF the time we waited, I would have been out talking to them before they got their food, after they got their food, and on their way out the door in order to ensure that they were happy. Even worst case scenario, the kitchen was busy and the manager had to step up there, you still should run out to the table quickly to speak with them. Needless to say, the manager still never came out to talk to us, and the server gave us back our check with only the two apps taken off and still leaving us with a $120 check for four people. 

So, thanks for an awful evening, Bishop's Collar. The four of us will obviously never be back.
Great corner bar to chill out with some friends.  

Went on a Thursday and was super impressed with the crowd there.  Standing room was packed full of people from the neighborhood.  Good, clean fun with decent classic rock playing overhead.  

Stellas run about $4.50 and reasonable prices on Framboise  ($8).  Can't comment on the food but I'd def check that out on my next visit.

One thing that I found super hospitable and even cute was the umbrella basket by the door that had a note that said take one pass it on. Talk about paying it forward!!!
We randomly stumbled into this bar needing to quell an annoying uprising in our bellies. Lo and behold, the Bishop's Collar was beckoning us to enter its cool, inviting premises. 

I really like the straightforward and simple menu offerings. I had the pulled pork sammy which was fantastic. It wasn't covered in your typical heavy barbeque sauce so that was a nice surprise. My buddy ordered the turkey with cranberry sauce sammy and it pretty much tasted like Thanksgiving. Each sandwich were about $7...that's damn cheap for a good sized sammy. They also serve a mean Guinness. For some reason or another, it tasted so freakin good. 

I'm diggin' the Bishop's Collar. Oh yes. I can't quite put my finger on it but this bar does it for me. The winning combination of laid-back clientele, the friendly and efficient bartender, and the delicious, inexpensive menu all work very well.
I don't have much reason to go to Fairmount, but when I do, the Bishop's Collar is my first and probably only choice.  Decent atmosphere, good beers on tap, and better-than-average bar food.  Not to mention CHEAP food.  I like that.

The outdoor tables rule.
The Collar is a great little spot - Fairmount is lucky to have it. The beer selection is good, prices are decent, and it's a great atmosphere. It's more low-key than some of the other (slightly foofy) Fairmount spots - it's a go-to choice. The flank seak sandwich is great - moist and tender. The only down-side is Sunday: Brunch until 3 and then no food after that, and they're strict about no outside food even when they're no longer serving.
The owners of this bar also own St. Stephens, and I must say that I enjoyed The Bishop's Collar more. I went here on a weekday afternoon, when it wasn't very crowded, so I liked that. I've passed here on many a weekend evening, thought about going in, and then deciding against it because of the people basically pouring out the door. However, my experience here was a pleasant one. I had some of their turkey chili, which was inexpensive and delicious. It was very spicy, which I loved. Their beer selection is decent, although they share many of the same beers on the St. Stephen's menu. There were some different ones, however. The bartender was friendly and the service was efficient. I will probably return here again soon!
This is a fun place in the neighborhood. The food's not stellar, but it's certainly good enough. And cheap!  Great beer selection, too.
I like this place when it's not packed.  I.E for dinner instead of barring it.  After 10pm on weekends, I find this place turns into a hunting ground for desperate 30+ women and the horny 30+ men who prey on them.  Not really my scene, which is a shame because this place has chimay on tap.

Good food, too, so you should go for dinner/lunch.  The service is pretty good before the bar crowd rolls in, too.

p.s. their outdoor seating is literally two metal tables with two chairs each.  UPDATE:  They now have 4 tables with 2-3 chairs each.
Hate to give this place a bad review. Been here for drinks many times, and had great experiences. Was just here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. Got a table..and waited...then waited some more. 

Hostess (who sat us), finally came and gave us 1 menu..no drink order.

20 min later, another girl (our waitress?) took our drink order.

20 min later, drinks came..took our food order.

30 min later (at least) our cold food finally came.

I understand places being buys at times, and we were patient and not rude at all. However, when we have to ask for service many times then ask for our food eventually, what is that??? Food is decent, beers are good.. but service was snail-like. They were apologetic and nice, but dragging something fierce. They either need 5 more cups of coffee, or hire 2-3 more girls on a busy wknd, come on. 

So, go... but only for drinks.
The prevailing mindset is that Fairmount is an area crowded (possibly overcrowded) with great bars.  It seems that when you're in the neighborhood, there are so many great places to choose from.  I disagree.  There are a few places that make the cut, most notably Bridig's and the Belgian cafe (I haven't been to the London Grill).  But the options aren't so great after that.  But I am now adding Bishop's Collar to the list of decent spots.

I met with my friend Quinn on a Friday night.  We wanted to watch playoff hockey, which was quite difficult with Cole Hamel's first game back.  There were some guys giving us a hard time for liking the Penguins (but it helps a lot to be with a cute girl) and it was pretty annoying.  Their attitude is probably why I could never start liking the Eagles or Flyers.  It seems like being a "Philly fan" is mostly based on blindly hating everyone else.  But that's a different story.

Beer: Bishop's Collar always has some kind of special, which is nice, even if it is only a dollar off something that I would never order.  They have a decent selection, with Harp and Guinness on tap, as well as nice local and regional beers like Yards, Bell's, Allagash, and Six Points.  Prices are mostly $5/pint, give or take a dollar.

I like the place, in terms of the building and the bar.  It's a long open room with a smaller bar and some tables in the back.  They have three nice TVs, and sports and Irish themed decorations.  They also have a decent outdoor seating section when the weather is nice.  The staff here is great.  The bartenders and servers were attentive and nice, more so than I've seen in a lot of other places.  The owner was also hanging out on a Friday night just checking on his business and seemed like a cool guy.

For food, the Bishops Collar does not disappoint.  Everything is under $10, and it is up to par with other beer bars.  They have a nice mix of different kinds of food and a decent amount of vegetarian options.  On any giving night you can grab a burger, chicken sandwich, quesadilla, or similar dish.  The kitchen was a bit slow when it got busy, but everyone around me seemed to be enjoying their food.

Bottom Line: It's not the best bar, but it sure is good.  I was searching for a place that wasn't a sports bar, but would have the sports I wanted to watch, and I really think this is one of the best spots in the city.  The food can't be beat at the price.  It's a good place for your evening, or just a drink as you are passing by.  Either way, the Bishop's Collar is a win.
Night of July 4th and hankering for some food; this spot not only had their kitchen open, but outside seating as well. Straightforward bar with your essential bar menu as well as some other interesting options.

Decided to share the Nachos ($8), Chicken Spring Roll ($9), and the Risotto Balls ($10). Value for money is there as the plates are overflowing with food. Risotto Balls are 5 large balls that are well-crisped and served with marinara sauce. While the outside is cooked perfectly, there isn't much flavor inside (needed hot sauce additionally). Nachos are a layering of cheese, guac, sour cream, and beans - much of the plate was cold, and it was hard to get all the ingredients in a single bite. As for the chicken roll, the ground chicken was dry, though saved by the sweet and sour sauce that comes with the dish. All in all, not the best bar food - but the beer options are solid.

Waitress here was nice despite the rowdiness of the day. Definitely come here for drinks, not so much the food.
Cute little bar in Fairmount.  My boyfriend and I went one night, and it was so crowded (and, thus, super hot) that we couldn't do anything except grab a table outside in the cold.  Getting to the bar to order was a production, and they were out of several beers that we ordered.  After one beer, we left and went someplace less crowded.  I'm sure this is a great bar if you can get in the door, but I really like to be able to breathe and order drinks when I go out.
This kind of turned out to be a disaster. I showed up with a small group for a Sunday evening diner. The place was busy from an art festival that just finished, but we were able to find table quickly. The crowd was a mix of people from early 20s to 40s. They had a good beer selection along and a short menu composed of new American sandwiches and salads. The crowd makes it loud but not deafening.

We were famished and quickly ordered appetizers and entrees. 3 of the 4 entrees came out wrong. They'd run out of hummus, and the server forgot to mention it. So, they just brought the veggie wrap out without it. I got the wrong fries. My friend asked for a sandwich without cheese, but it came out with cheese anyway and had to be remade. Nothing came out hot. The appetizers came out AFTER we'd finished eating the entrees. We just had it boxed up so we could get the heck out of there. We actually had to ask them to take the apps off the bill. You'd think that's not something I'd have to ask for after all that, but here we are.

Bishop's Collar is in a prime spot on Fairmount. Too bad they're squandering the opportunity. Can't justify going back
Bishop's was one of my favorite bars in Fairmount until they completely changed the entire menu for no apparent reason. It's like a slap in the face to all their loyal customers. Their Veggie Quesadilla was amazing, it was one of the reasons we went there, we ordered it every time but now it's no where to be found. When we saw that the menu had completely changed, we immediately got up and left. Sadly, we won't be going back, there was nothing on the new menu that interested me or my family.
Bishop's Collar is the perfect example of a neighborhood bar done right. Good beer, good grub, good service, good times.

My husband and I went there on Saturday night for a low key dinner out. The draft list was deep but there were two IPAs calling our name, which made for an easy quick choice. We got the Troegs Perpetual IPA and the Green Flash West Coast IPA. $6 isn't too shabby for a high ABV, tasty beer.

For appetizers, we each started with a soup. I went for the creamy corn chowder and my husband went for the beef stew. Both were great in different ways. Mine was creamy with fresh pieces of corn. I tasted the beef stew and it was awesome.  I probably liked it a bit better than the corn chowder. The broth was rich and the  beef was tender. I sampled a few veggies which were soaked in flavor and perfectly cooked. For our mains, I went with the Italian Roast Pork and my husband went with the hot roast beer. The roast pork was so juicy that juices were in fact present. The hot peppers were on the side and I was able to load up my entire sandwich the way I wanted. The only thing missing (and not on the menu) was garlic broccoli rabe. My husband also enjoyed his hot roast beef. I had a bite and it was filled with all the au jus flavor one could ask for. Bishop's Collar isn't where you go for gourmet food, but you are going to get top notch bar food.

I also want to give a shout out to the sides. With any sandwich you get your choice of fries or salad. I appreciate they give you this option up front, without any sort of up-charge. The salad itself is actual greens aka something with actual nutrients. There aren't any toppings but its just a nice serving of mixed greens. Thanks for avoiding iceberg and croutons! 

Til the next time Bishop's Collar.
Bishop's Collar was my family and friends 'go to' for a beer and bar food.  I had heard rumors of a menu change and was disturbed when I saw it for myself. Collar fan favorites (nachos+quesadilla) have been replaces with ritzy items. All of which I'm sure are just fine- but why take away the tried and true bar food.  And the prices... well they've gone up as well... I understanding wanting an update but this has gone too far- Philadelphia has enough 'gastropubs' and fancy schmancy takes on the traditional bar... why ruin a solid corner bar?

Needless to say- I won't be stopping by again any time soon... Sorry, I'm just not sure when I'll be in the mood for $8 utz pretzels, onions and cheese sauce. I'd prefer my dang quesadillas and fruit salsa.
I went last night for a bite to eat and I really wanna like this place but I'm kind of luke warm to it.  

I was amazed at the amount of take-out business it does though.  Seriously a constant stream.  My dining companion and I were sat at the bar and they use this archaic system of putting paper tabs between different bottles of liquor behind the bar.  The place was busy, but not a HUGE crowd and the bartender was getting confused constantly looking through different tabs to find the right one.    

Also, I ordered a coke and was stereotyped as a Fat White Girl and given a diet coke.  UGH.  Bartender was nice and fixed his mistake though.  While he refilled my dining companion's drink several times I had to make an issue to get mine refilled.  

The food though, was pretty good.  We had the chipolte chicken fingers to start, and they were made from chicken breasts not pre-fab frozen shit.  However, I had my last chicken finger in my hand about to dip it when the bartender got rid of the plates and the dipping sauces.  Kinda lame that. 

I also had a corned beef sandwich with sweet kraut instead of sour kraut.  I don't know what the hell that means but it was delish. 

I'd wonder what the heck that place would be like with more than 40 people there.
This place was a standard dark, local pub. I was mildy impressed by their Chimay selection but opted for an Arnold Palmer (sweet tea vodka and lemonade). We ordered chicken nachos (that were fantastic) and hummus and pita bread that never arrived. The server must have forgot to put it in because she never noticed it was missing. 

Would I come back? Probably not because it isn't my type of hangout but I am sure it is great for the locals.
What a fantastic neighborhood bar!  The bartenders are so friendly and fun (SUMMERDAYSSS..you rock).  Great place to grab beer with friends and get some good conversation in with the regulars.  Not cramped even though it's fairly small, which is always my pet peeve (who wants to get pushed around on a Friday night standing like sardines?).  By far one of the best Fairmount watering holes in my opinion.
It doesn't get any better than this joint:

Fresh fruit on the chicken quesadillas, yes please!
Plentiful beer selection, I'll take a look.
Service that is friendly and attentive, well thank you; I will have another!

And of that for a price that will not break your bank....I looooove the Collar :)

p.s.- seriously, best servers and bartenders in the city!
One star for several reasons... Walked in to the darkest bar I've ever been to. Ordered the most expensive guiness I have ever ordered. Picked the pulled pork, which is pretty tough to mess up YOU WOULD THINK! haha. It had provolone cheese on the sandwich, which overpowered the taste of the sandwich so much that it should have been called a provolone sandwich...

Oh, and the fries were good. UNTIL you use ketchup. Have you ever had fries ruined because of terrible ketchup? I did that night, it was odd. My friend says, "Don't order the Summer Cider."
Solid. I haven't eaten everything off the menu yet but everything I've had is pretty decent and inexpensive. Awesome place to sit and watch baseball; the bartenders are friendly and fairly attentive. Can get a little loud later, but a good time kind of loud. I love that the party extends to the street on occasion.

I live maybe a block and a half away and this place is definitely in contention to be the spot.

EDIT: after spending every single Phillies NLDS, NLCS, and WS game here, it's no longer in contention. A good burger, a great ceasar salad, and as much Yards and Lager as your little heart desires. And the bartenders generally rock my socks. So much love.
Stopping in for drinks on a weekend is a battle to get through the front door, where everyone seems to want to be, but if you move into the back of the bar, there's usually plenty of room. So don't be scared of the crowd up front, chances are you just need to wander in further if you're looking for a place to, you know, breathe.

Some good stuff on tap and good bar food. Service outside isn't the greatest (the waitresses aren't too friendly and it can be a long wait just for water or napkins), but it's worth it because dining/drinking al fresco is the best. 

A more casual spot than Urban Saloon or London Grill on the same block.
it's simple: people are here because they feel welcome, no matter what walk of life. at any given time i could say there are a variety of people here and all seem to enjoy themselves.

i havent explored the menu too much yet, but the atmosphere and beer will keep me coming back for sure.
This is a solid choice for an affordable dinner in (and on) Fairmount. As many others have said: it's also quite cramped.

My first acquaintance with BC was in September during the neighborhood's bar crawl. When we reached the bar, they were out of samples so we decided to walk in to use their facilities. As I headed past their specials sign, either someone knocked into it (not I) or it fell on its own. Either way, it hurt like a curseword, and left a HUGE bruise on the back of my leg. I wasn't too happy, but still wanted to come back.

Attempted to visit another night last month, but one glance inside and it looked like a squishfest was going on. No thank you! Not my scene. We kept moving.

Last night's visit was finally successful at something other than attaining a new bruise. It was nice and warm inside after a chilly walk, and the specials sign stayed upright as I passed by. Awesome!

We opted to sit at the end of the row (closest to the bathroom) since I've started a new exercise activity recently and am having trouble, um, sitting at the moment. I personally wouldn't recommend choosing that table unless you had to, as it's a high-traffic spot and also... the bathroom. Unless you like sitting near bathrooms. Then go for it!

Our server was really nice and helpful when I asked for direction regarding three different beers from the bottled list that I hadn't heard of before. She steered me to the Éphémère from Quebec, which was a great seasonal choice.

For dinner, I chose the chicken salad sandwich and asked for it on a long roll instead of sourdough. I didn't taste any of the bacon in it, and wasn't expecting it to be overpowered by onions and mayo, but the chicken did taste fresh. Honestly, it wasn't my favorite at all, but considering how cheap their prices are (my beer was $7; my sandwich was $8), I wouldn't be against making a return visit to try another sandwich. I just think I'll plan that visit for a lower traffic time knowing the size of the place!
Recently went to the Collar this past Tuesday.  I was informed about their menu change.  But I forgot and also didn't bring enough $$$ too.
  I use to love the food and I thought they had the coolest menu in the Fairmount area.  
Now Wow!  
What was the reason to change a good thing???
My favorite dishes were the Turkey and Stuffing sandwich with cranberry sauce and the Vegetable Fajitas.  Both items are off the menu. And use to be reasonably priced.
So I was trying to find something else to eat, but I didn't have enough money to afford any items.  Most of the previous cool menu items were in the 4-7$ apps, 6-9$ and it was superb.  
Please Change it back to the way it was before so that I can come back.
As a Fairmount resident, I feel I have ventured to every well known bar in my amazing neighborhood. However, The Bishop's Collar is NOT, I repeat, NOT one of them. I have been to this bar numerous times and the staff, frankly, are just a**holes and dicks. The waitresses seriously need an attitude adjustment and the bartenders needs to learn some people skills. But please, let me share with you the WORST experience I've ever had at a restaurant. 

Myself and two of my friends went to Bishop's Collar one Sunday afternoon while the Made In America festival was going on only a few blocks away. My friends and I sat outdoors and were greeted in a relatively quick manner. We order our beers and two of us order some food. My friend is vegetarian mind you, so he orders the "Veggie Wrap" while I order the "Grilled chicken breast with cheese and guac". The sandwiches come out and I go to take a bite. Keep in mind, I've been to this bar a lot and have had this sandwich many times. The sandwich barely had any chicken on it at all and no guacamole to be seen. So, both my friends agree I should send it back. I'm typically not "that" guy to complain at restaurants, but dude, I was hungry that night. So, the terrible server takes my sandwich away, shows no sympathy, and almost in a Spicoli accent says, "Sorry dude". So, while I'm waiting for my sandwich to return, my buddy continues eating his wrap. He comes to an abrupt stop and looks at both of us as he gags out a HUGE piece of chicken. My veggie buddy has a very big allergy to any kind of meat and makes him vomit, hence why he is a veggie. So, I'll leave out the graphic language, but needless to say, he was not pleased. A server who wasn't even ours came over and probed about what the issue was. My friend pointed out the obvious and stated he didn't even want another because he was so physically sick...

Meanwhile, my sandwich FINALLY makes it back out to me with mountains of chicken on it. I'm pretty pleased with the way it looks. Covered in cheese and... Oh wait... NO GUACAMOLE. AGAIN!!! I also got a side of fries. As I pick up a fry, it is dripping oil like a wet noodle. Those fries weren't even edible. So, our server Spicoli comes back around to check on us and I state that my sandwich was made wrong... Again. So, he takes it away and comes back 10 MINUTES LATER... With just a side cup of guac. Really dude? Took you that long? COULDN'T MAKE THE SANDWICH RIGHT?... Eh, the kitchen staff probably spit or put pubes in my food. 

To bring it on home, this bar is horrible. Absolutely horrendous. I strongly suggest going to Bridgid's right up the street on 24th or the Belgium Café right on Green Street. Stay FAR FAR away from here.
My husband and I went to the Bishop's Collar early on a thursday evening for dinner.  I was looking forward to it because of all of the good things that I had heard.

First, the good things, the place seemed very chill and I thought I would love to just hang out there at the bar one night soon.  I loved the menu in children's books thing even though my book was dirty and greasy.  The beer selection was great and I tried something that I have added to my list of things to look for when I get to a good beer store in Jersey.

For dinner, my husband ordered the meatloaf sandwich which was very good even though it was a little spicy for my taste.  I ordered a cheeseburger and asked that it be cooked to medium.  What came to me was a burnt hockey puck covered with cheese and put on a bun.  After delivering our food, we literally never saw our waitress again so all I could do is complain about the inedible burger when someone (not our original waitress) brought us the check.  Yes, they did take the burger off the bill but the awfulness of the burger makes it unlikely that I will go back for the food.
Great casual spot for a good beer and decent bar food. I've been here a few times and always have a great seasonal selection to choose at an average price. The bar area can get packed but if you can grab a table in or outside, you're in for a good time. Servers have always been a little on the eh side, but I don't expect much more from a corner bar. 

I usually end up getting a couple appetizers with people here, and they're always good, but not great. I've enjoyed a few of their salads which are good too. Prices are average-low, so this is a great spot for a low-key night with friends.
Finally tried Bishop's Collar on a rainy Sunday after a visit to Art Museum. It was a welcome respite from the grey and rain. The place was crowded for a Sunday afternoon, which was a sign of good things to come. The menu was inviting, the beer selection diverse, and the wooden decor had the comfort what I'd want from a neighborhood pub. 

The atmosphere was relaxed and non-pretentious. And the table service was great. I had a good afternoon of food, beer, and conversation there.
Great little bar in Fairmount and easily my favorite haunt since moving to the neighborhood. The outdoor seating is perfect on nights like tonight where all you want to do is be outside sipping on a great beer with some amazing eats. Tap selections is always manageable and you can find something for just about anyone to enjoy, the food is great too, particularly the pulled pork according to my pork loving roomie or the nachos.

All in all, another one that you can't miss if you live in Philadelphia.
So I've been meaning to try out The Bishop's Collar for weeks now, and finally got the chance on Saturday afternoon.  I liked it, but not as much as I had thought I would.  First of all, the decor... I felt like they hadn't decided between being a dingy bar joint and something a little more upscale.  The bathrooms, the grungy tile floor, and the bad paint job point to dingy bar joint.  The beer and food offerings and some of the bar area try to be much more classy...  Anyway, the food was pretty decent and the beer selection was impressive.  Our waitress was a little frazzled and inattentive, but very friendly.  All in all, I enjoyed it, but wasn't wildly impressed...
I strangely like this place and although it's difficult to say why exactly, I think that I can better explain with the help of London Grill which is on the very same block.  

You see, London Grill seems to be like most of the other restaurants in the city.  Same menu items as everywhere else on a 8.5 x 11" white menu.  Same so-so service.  Same attitude and cliental.  Same food quality and price.  But they serve Guinness so they are, like, British, right?  

But then there's Bishop's Collar.  And although the food is largely the same, it has a much more modest attitude.  It is original in that it's menu is within the pages of a children's books but it doesn't come off as most innovation does in this city which is "Look!  This is a novel idea!  This is why our food is expensive and our staff is so crappy!"  Instead, they offer food for a reasonable price and of great quality.  Plus, they serve Bell's.  

But once again, my nemesis Sunday rears it's ugly head.  This place is open for brunch only on Sunday.  Too bad as it's located in Art Museum so if I want to take the time to walk all the way over there, it will have to be on Saturday.
Great Fairmount hangout.  Always have an interesting draft selection of about a dozen beers both familiar and unique (e.g., Allagash White and Allagash FV13 sour ale were two choices tonight).  The food is a cut above typical bar food - fresh spring salad with grilled blackened chicken and pickled green tomatoes, yum.  Also tasty chicken sandwiches, pulled pork, burgers, etc.

Sidewalk-side patios are great for hanging out and people watching on warm days.  And inside is cozy and friendly usually without being over packed.

Any time I'm looking for a fun, low-key night or bite, Bishop's Collar is always one of my top picks in the neighborhood.
I have visited BC in the past during beer crawls, Bastille Day festivals & a few Happy Hours w/friends.  I have always felt the vibe was easy & chill...nice neighborhood bar.  

I like the craft beer & food oprions.  This visit I had some food..the chicken spring rolls and Old Bay fries.  It passes the test of good pub food.  In tbe past I have had the burger and it was tasty too.  The prices are reasonable and the staff are friendly- worth a visit.
I bebopped my way into this little establishment on a Friday night, accompanied by three lovely women and feeling just great about myself. We'd walked from Belgian Cafe and sought to continue the evening's theme of excellent beer.

In we walked, into a pretty tightly crowded var area with no open seating available. We got a round and lingered near the jokebox, where within a few minutes, the bartender strolled over, put five bucks into the jukebox and told us to have fun with it. This simple, friendly gesture made me feel incredibly welcome and comfortable, and soon enough my foot was tapping to the Allman Brothers. Before we left, we made sure to put another five into the jukebox for the next folks to come along.

The beer was very, very good and well varied. I had two drafts I'd never tried before, which is always good for points in my book. All things considered, this was a solid spot with some extra-solid people making it work.
This was a 5 star until they changed their menu.  Bishop's was almost the perfect bar.  Good beer, quick service, and a great bar menu with possibly the world's best nachos.  Why go ruin that with a fancier menu...stay in your swim lane.
I don't know.  I never saw the appeal.  They have a decent beer selection and the food is OK.  But every time I'm there I end up in a shoulder to shoulder crowd in a tiny room and paying too much for it.  It's not that I wouldn't go back, but it's probably better on week nights when it's less crowded.
I'm surprised at all the negative reviews this place is getting.  This is a cute little place that is a great value.  The food is delicious and the portions are quite generous and the servers are very attentive and friendly.  The menus were a bit odd (being pasted in children's books) and the overall decor was a bit dark and dingy, but I feel that the atmosphere shouldn't take away from the good food, value and service this place provides.
Bishop's Collar has all the attributes of a perfect neighborhood bar.  The staff is tenured, the beer selection is solid and the regulars are just that.  The kicker with Bishop's is the surprisingly fantastic food.  This isn't your typical bar-food.  From an amazing Sunday brunch to my fave, the chicken burrito, you can't go wrong with anything on this tantalizing menu at McDonald's prices.  I hate to let this secret out, but they'll even let you call ahead and reserve a patio table for happy hour (watch now, I'll never get one).
Good place to hang with friends and down a few drinks. The pub fair is above average and reasonably priced. Atmosphere wise it is pretty standard comfy and casual. There is also some outdoor seating which is great for the warm months. Nice location as well; close to the Art Museum and Fairmount Park.
Nice neighborhood bar feel.  Solid, but not overly-impressive beer list.  Pretty cheap/affordable for Fairmount.  Food has some good items, some just-ok, just standard bar-food level quality.  I'd drink here, and try not to eat unless I was pressed for options.
I have had the chicken quesadilla twice in one week. There is fresh fruit on top! Blueberries! Strawberries! Guac and sour cream! So fresh and summery they don't even feel the need to mess with salsa or pico de gallo!  Hooray!
Came here for lunch recently, and my guest said that the menu changed for the worse.  But, they brought back some items such as nachos which were removed for some reason as people really liked them.  We don't know if they are as good as before, though.

Anyway, it was not crowded at all, and our food came quite fast.  I had a salad with mixed greens, avocado, goat cheese, and a chicken breast with balsamic dressing.  Tasty, but I think overpriced at $12.  My guest had a grilled chicken sandwich with cheese and got a small side salad.  Her meal had just about everything mine did, and was $3 cheaper.

No alcohol as we were on the job, but it looked like they had a good selection available.
They get two stars versus one because the New Belgium tap takeover for Philly beer week is awesome... but the food sucks. 

Sorry yelpers, I didn't consult you before ordering here. Trust me, I regret it. 

The chicken nachos are cold and naked. Literally. The guac and sour cream are isolated to one nacho, respectively. The rest are naked. The old bay fries with chedder are good, but clumped together and the chicken fingers are more like a newborn baby's fingers. 

Disappointing.
Mildly interesting beer selection when I was there. They did have Lagunitas Undercover Shutdown which is always great. Food.....oh boy. Chicken Quesadilla had fruit salad all over it. Under the guacamole. Under the sour cream. Totally disgusting. Service was...well, non existent. I had to ask for everything. My first beer, my food, my check...she wasn't rude but she just didn't care. Too bad. Wont be back here.
This is a pretty important review to me. I have very high standards when it comes to brunch considering it's combining my favorite meal with drinks, and another meal. Anyway, Bishop's collar is a GREAT place for brunch.

Got a breakfast burrito and my friend got a breakfast burger. The burrito was fantastic, tons of meat, perfect amount of eggs, perfect amount of grease (it's important!) and served with home fries and a salad. My friend got the breakfast burger. If you go here, get the breakfast burger, it is by far the best burger I have ever had. Impeccable flavor, and quite possibly the epitome of brunch.

The only thing I could possibly improve on this situation is the drinks. They don't heavily advertise your stereotypical brunch drinks, nor do they discount them. Would be nice. This place is so close to having the whole package!
3.5 Stars

The best things about this bar are simple.  The food here is good bar food, better than most places. The beer selection is well chosen, some local beers, some other micros, some belgians. 

But I think I was far more impressed with them back when I first moved to Philly than I am now. I guess that same tired stuff makes it kinda lame. I feel like I have been to a handful of bars just like this one in Philly.

It gets a bit crowded in this bar on weekends. When its crowded its loud and the service is slow. But that's the same everywhere it gets busy.

When the bar is slow, though, that's when this place shines. Food service is quick and friendly, bar service is more friendly when its slow but still can be standoffish. It's especially great in the Spring time when you can sit outside and enjoy the slow Fairmount neighborhood.
This was a terrifically nice, low key, suburban, friendly spot to grab a light and inexpensive meal. I love when you order a burger and it's 6.50, and that comes with fries (they didn't put a huge amount but i'm not complaining they were good Mcdonald's type fries). 

Watch your head going to the bathroom gents.

With the really nice outdoor patio you get a quaint view of the corner, but inside is done very well with an almost Spanish type decor, brick red walls with symmetrical pictures of flowers and such on the walls.

The menus are Dr. Seuss books, and the two sides to the menu are on the inside front cover and inside back cover. I was pretty giddy.

the chicken fingers were fine as well, but I really enjoyed my turkey burger, the roasted peppers was a good addition, and the buns they used were real burger buns.
I went to the Bishop's Collar this past weekend while on a day trip to Philly.  The food there was excellent, everyone in my party was very impressed.  (We had the hummus appetizer, the turkey burger with brie and red peppers, the burger wrap, the chipolte chicken sandwich and the chipolte chicken fingers).  The service was great and very friendly and it was a beautiful day to sit at their outside tables and enjoy the early evening.  I'll definitely go back next time I'm in Philly.
you have cider on tap for 4$!!!! Randomly just stumbled upon you .. The cider was the good the scene wasn't mine but at 3 in the afternoon I can't complain.. And astonishingly the veggie burger was great!!! All in all I'll come back if the mood to drink mid day before class strikes again .. But I must say the lack of mustard really  angers me this is not jersey! Totally unacceptable
I don't know why I've never reviewed Collar before! Sad! But now, I shall regale you with a tale of a delicious neighborhood spot! 

I love Bishop's collar.  Don't get me wrong, it's not the sort of place I get dressed up for. It's the sort of place I roll out of work to. It's a great cozy bar in the fairmount area, and is great both in the summer and winter. I've always had a great time there. The beer is cheap, the bar food is predictably delicious, and selection of beers is always great. It's a neighborhood dive-ish bar. And for that, I love it.
Pretty good beer selection, with usually a few stellar microbrew stars shinning on the draft list. Food is pretty good, very chill atmosphere, nice beer bar, especially if you like micro brews!
Relatively good beer prices, solid late night food selection and, most importantly, a solid jukebox, make this a good place to hang out in the Art Museum district.
OK - three stars doesn't seem that great - but if I were selecting for food, beer, and pricing points - they deserve a 5.  The staff are equally deserving in that they are efficient - busy as they may be - that they get the orders straight and don't make you wait too long.  What pulls this place down is the damn near deafening sound levels of it inside (no wonder the outdoor seating goes so quickly).  I've been to lots of bars and I know that you can't control for those men who love to talk loudly about their exploits, favorite teams, and other BS -- so others may hear perhaps and "notice" them - but they are so boring???  And then the women who just love to hear their voices and don't care that no else is really interested in what x said to y - so that is why the 3 stars.  To counter this, may I suggest the management put something on the walls or have something hanging from the ceiling to help soften the sound decibels.  It is a technique used by many other bars, can add to a funky look, and can keep folks from shouting to be heard at their table because the sound is so loud due to the "naturally loud ones."  Food is delicious, beers are awesome, & reasonably priced with good service - just too #!* loud!
I admit the first time I came here, I was not impressed. It is a small, darker bar and gets quite crowded, especially when it's nice out!! However I wouldnt have it any other way!!! The food is cheap and delicious. The bar is fully stocked, good beer selection and the bartenders are great. Its an absolute favorite place for me and most of my friends. Sitting outside is very relaxing and great for people watching. During football season, it's me and my boyfriends favorite place to be!!! Overall, its a very friendly, inviting place to be!
Living in the suburbs, it's very quick to get into the city through Fairmount. Stopping at The Bishop's Collar on our way into the city, for a nightcap on the way home, or as the destination itself, is always a good time. Great people, fast service, good food, and fun times. The only problem I've had there is trying to leave -- the place sucks you in!
my top choice in the museum district if i want some good cheap eats.. .  the french toast , turkey burger, turkey chili, salads r all very good....i like the chicken quesadilla too- even though it isnt your traditional kind..plus the menus are pasted on clifford books....everything is under 10 bucks but they have an average beer selection and it seems to get really crowded at night cause it's a really small space...everyone seems friendly, but i usually eat and run...  my first stop for brunch or a late night snack in the museum district
Bishops is a great place to grab a beer though the new menu is horrible. Raised prices example you pay 11 dollars for the same exact burger that was 7. It was great with the old menu. Still one of favorite places to drink but no longer eating there. Oh and no pulled pork. If your in the area there are better options for eats.
My boyfriend tends to be exceptionally chatty with strangers and always leaves places BFF's with the bartenders/waiters/etc but, for some reason, that doesn't happen here, which surprises me, based on the other reviews.

Food and drinks were good but my two visits have been awkward.  They're only half my fault, so I'll give them that.

First trip was for dinner and beers.  Got up to use the lady's room, still sober, and waited five unnecessary minutes outside the "locked" door for an employee to tell me that the knob is just tricky and to pull hard.  Went into the surprisingly two-stall room only to feel like a complete idiot and have a funny story to tell my table upon return.

Second trip was around St Patty's Day, was definitely, admittedly FEELING IT that day.  Went to the lady's room and I laugh at myself still for waiting, yet again, for several minutes outside of the "locked" lady's room, never recalling my previous experience, only to be told, yet again, I was good to go in.  

Wishing they would just get that damn door fixed.

Not to mention, on the second trip, I sat in the barstool closest to the random step-up that "divides" the bar from the "dining room".  With my back to the dining room, I got out of my chair, turned to go outside, and fell flat on my face, completely not seeing the stair.  There was no opportunity to do so! I'm not sue-happy at all, but since it's an alcohol-serving establishment, I'm not sure how this won't be a major issue in the future, if it has not been already.  

I was also never helped up or asked if I was okay, with the exception of my group, so it's probably easy to believe I'm not crazy about BC.
I met some friends here for brunch today before heading over to the art museum. It opened at 11 am and I got there at 11:15 and luckily there was one table opened that I grabbed (I think it's generally seat yourself for brunch, at least). The servers were attentive to all the tables. I ordered the strawberry blueberry cream cheese french toast, comes with scrapple or turkey bacon, home fries and a salad (I thought the salad was a strange addition for breakfast/brunch foods, but enjoyed it anyway). The fruit was fresh (not canned) and tasty, as was the french toast! There are seats at the bar, church-like pews at the tables and chairs. The place got loud as we were sitting there, so if you are with someone older and/or hard of hearing, this might not be the best choice. Clean white linens were a nice touch, too.
Hit up the Collar after an event at the Franklin Institute, and it was a fantastic spot. Great beer list, friendly and chill bartenders, food seemed like it was great. Awesome atmosphere and vibe, good tunes as well. Excited to get back - thanks for a great time!
I'll admit that I really like going to the Bishop's Collar, which is my favorite bar within walking distance of my second home (the Fairmount neighborhood). While there can sometimes be a wait for a table and while it can get REALLY PACKED on the weekend nights, they do move through pretty quickly and it's not a huge deal to hang out at the bar until something opens up.

The double gin and tonics are strong, and always made consistently: you know exactly how many to drink to straddle the line between pleasantly drunk and unpleasantly plastered. This summer they've also had the Arnold Palmer, which has become my favorite summer beverage and discovery: sweet tea infused vodka (oh. my. god.) and lemonade. They are fabulous, especially if you can manage to snag an outdoor table, enjoying the summer air and sipping on one of these. 

And although I'm not really a beer person, they have enough available that I can find something I like if I have to, and my more beer snobby friends never have problems either.

However, secretly, I like the Bishop's Collar because they have perfect, cheap, unhealthy, fantastic, filling bar food. The plate of nachos is intimidating when sober, but after a night of drinking, sharing it with a friend hits the spot. Their wings are not gristly in the least, and the hot sauce, while not quite the same as a buffalo wing, is tangy and tasty. My favorite thing MAY be the chicken chipotle sandwich, with Old Bay fries, which is an absolute steal for $6, but it's hard to choose. Usually we just end up splitting nachos and wings, because it's hard to mess with a classic combination like that.

But back to the Bishop's Collar: hits-the-spot food, great drinks, and a nice, low key evening to hang out with friends in the neighborhood.
I like Bishop's collar for what it is- a bar with okay bar food and okay beer. I actually like it a lot more now that there is a smoking ban.

This place gets very loud when it is busy, so it isn't that great for a group of people. Weekdays, especially around lunch, are great. I like the chipotle chicken sandwich and I swear they use McDonald's fries. The roast beef is good, too, but I didn't like the quesadilla.
So happy that nachos and the quesadilla are back on the menu!!! The mushroom meatball sandwich is delicious. :)
Met up with the Philly Runner's Club (http://www.phillyrunners.org/) for a rainy Tuesday evening run, and then hit up Bishop's afterwards for a well-earned corned beef sandwich and seasoned fries and a draft to wash it down.  The meat was quality smothered in a healthy portion of crout, swiss, and russian dressing.  Reasonable prices, you can easily find a sandwich for $7 or less.  Brews are between $4 and $5.
The only difficult part of it was having to run 3 miles home afterward, didn't really think through that one!
Good beer list, great vibe, fun cheap menu, right up my alley.
Just returned from a lunch time visit... The weather was nice today but the majority voted to stay inside :(. I had the chili nacho's and the chipotle chicken fingers... food was your average bar food nothing spectacular here the price was decent. My only gripe is with our waitress she was a little slow bringing us the check.. I think this is more of a beer spot than food... I will return and will be drinking when I do so.
Super friendly staff.  ATM in the bar.  My first impression of this place was a good one.   Spent a couple hours here, phillies game was on, food came fast and was tasty. Def. would return.
Bishop's Collar seems like a nice local place for food and drink.  The burger and fries were basic and tasty, which is just what you'd expect to find when you take a look around.  Nothing special or gimmicky here.  It was a good place to duck in for a laid back lunch.
There's a lot to be improved at Bishop's Collar... food was not good, service was slow and not good and the place is too loud and rowdy.  Went there following Yelp's reviews and sincerely think it is way overrated! Oh and the menu is not in kids books...think there are a couple left but we were offered simple plastic menus with empty pages...
Bishop's Collar has a loyalty card. If you spend like $1,000 in there you can get $100.00 back with the card. With that said, Bishop's has a great atmosphere but is always crowded. It's a good thing though, but it's best to arrive a little early to claim a space if you plan on parking it there all night. The Art Museum has a few great bars in the area that are great for a night of bar hopping. I'll tell you about the other bars in future reviews. Bishop's also have a great menu of burgers and wings and even a brunch menu! Add the Bishop's Collar to your list. You can go to church on sunday and head over to the Collar afterwards for brunch!
Entirely overrated.  If you're going out for drinks I suppose you're in the clear. But don't eat here until after you down a few. 

First of all, we did not get the menus that were children's books- which was a big draw for me after I had read yelp reviews. 
We started out with the chili nachos(3/5 stars), which were pretty good, but we were also really hungry after taking pictures at Eastern State for two hours. They cried out for more cheese, and the sour cream and guacamole were not spread over the top, but rather gooped onto one side- that and the sogginess of the chips led me to guess the plate was microwaved, rather than placed in the oven. 
The burger I ordered (1/5 stars) was overcooked, tasteless and had no natural juices coming out of it. The bacon was good, but the burger was pretty dire and set the tone for this negative review.
My arnold palmer was fairly good. 
The service was terrible, there were only two waitresses serving all the tables both outside and inside which means that we were often left to ourselves with dirty plates, empty glasses, and mustardless- my mom asked for mustard as soon as we received our burger but didn't get it until she was taking her last bite of her burger.
Bishop's Collar is a good neighborhood bar. The food is not that inventive (although the menus are - they're printed in children's books) and is pretty standard bar fare but they've got a killer beer list and the atmosphere is friendly. 

Bishop's is best enjoyed at one of their outdoor tables - obviously in warmer temperatures. They throw a great block party every spring!
Just moved to the neighborhood and visited the place today.  Had the Bear Republic Racer 5.  Need I say more?  Great setting, selection of beers, and cool people hanging out.  You should take a visit
It's easy to give this bar 5 stars having spent many happy hours in the Collar. I have gotten to know the very friendly staff; it's the true definition of a neighborhood bar. They have a great rotating beer selection and the tavern ham and cheese is a must.  I mostly stick with the burger, flank steak sandwich or the quesadilla but I've never had a bad meal when I have ventured out of my norm.  Be prepared to wait for an outside table on a nice day, get your name on the list as soon as you arrive.  Nothing is better on a beautiful day than sitting outside and having a few pints at the Collar.
Great beer selection, nice atmosphere to chill out/watch the game.  Helpful service.  For some reason our order took a while, but everyone else's seemed to be pretty prompt.

We had the fries with Old Bay Seasoning, veggie quesadilla, and hummus.  The fries were satisfying, but the veggie quesadilla was something else.  It was packed with mushrooms, spinach, onions, red peppers, cheese and tomatoes.  What made the dish was the FRUIT SALAD topping.  Yes, fruit salad - complete with blueberries, strawberries, blackberries.  It was very unique.  The hummus was fresh, and had a red pepper paste on top.  It was a hearty serving for only five dollars.

Bottom line: good food, good beer, good atmosphere.  I'd return.
This is a good bar to have in your neighborhood.  There's a great selection of beer and friendly bartenders to serve it.  Food is good and served late (the fries are great for a group to pick at and real cheap).  Chili, nachos, burgers, sammies--all are tasty and what you'd want from pub grub.  Be warned, though, this place gets crowded (especially when there's a game on) and the tables fill up quickly.  

All told, this is probably my favorite bar in the area for a weeknight out.
Good food selection, low prices and good portion size.  Friendly bar atmosphere and helpful staff.  I would definitely come back here when I am in the area.
Serves Hoegaarden on tap.  That's what I like. This narrow little bar in the fairmount  gets packed. .  May take a little time to get your drink.
Kind of your average Philly pub, in the vein of Black Sheep, Irish Pub, Fado, etc. Mostly like the Fairmount version of Black Sheep. Decent beer selection, decent-looking food, decently-priced (unlike Black Sheep). The best adjective for this place: decent. 

I don't have much else useful, funny, or cool to add. Guess this place is decent, but not particularly inspiring.
I am going to be in the minority here with my review - my husband and I didn't like the food or the atmosphere here at all.  We went last year and I remember it well because it was hot as heck in there and they turned off the Phillies game for a World Cup game.  What?!?

If that wasn't bad enough, the service and the food were both lousy.  We had to almost beg for refills and our appetizer came out at the same time as our food, which took forever to begin with.  

Appetizer was mediocre enough, how can you really mess up hummus and pita chips.  Our sandwiches however, were not good at all.  I had the meatloaf sandwich and the hubs had the flank steak and provolone sandwich.  Both were dry, hence the need for the refills, but the meatloaf sandwich was especially bad.  It seemed like 2-3 day old heated up meat with tomato sauce on top, seasoned very heavily with cinnamon.  Very strange combination of flavors that didn't go well together.
Meh- I don't know why, but I expected so much more from this place. Before I moved to the neighborhood, I've heard many good things about it. I guess it was more for the social and drink aspect of the place. Another shabby looking bar which I don't mind at all, I love the character of places like this. My friend and I sat outside on a Sunday afternoon hoping to grab some drinks and snacks. They drink list as many of the other great spots in Fairmount was satisfying. They didn't have the Allagash White as listed on the menu but the server suggested a good alternative.  

As for the food- had way better in the hood. The hummus was ok but the pita they provided with it was horrible! Was hollowed in the middle and not warm, or grilled like I'm used to when getting good hummus. The quesadillas were kinda cool- they came with a salsa made with blueberries and raspberries wich complimented well with the sour cream. I did not like how they just topped it all on top of each other on top of the quesadillas. It made them soggy and hard to manage when sharing with a friend.

On top of that, our server was MIA most of the time we were there so we were never able to ask for more sour cream or another drink without having to go inside and track her down.


Overall, I would return for drinks but there are so many better places in the neighboorhood that I would rather go back to or try out.
Come on people- really?!?! It was the same menu forever. People used to complain the menu was old and offered nothing new... They simply can't win. 

Prices are still the lowest in the neighborhood and I already have new favorites- short rib sandwich (though I prefer provolone and since it's still the same friendly staff- when I ask I get an "of course" as a response) and chicken sandwich with fresh guacamole is also a winner. 

Beer menu is constantly changing and has a nice variety of lighter easy drinking and heavy hitters for the more daring. And they ALWAYS have Guinness- an extra star if possible. I'm into the microbrew trend but when I want a Guinness, I want a real Guinness not some knock off wannabe. 

So before you give one star for changing the menu- just try the food. Everything else is still the same and still a 5 star, visit at least twice a week in my book.
No frills, just good beer and good food.  Always crowded with the outside tables impossible to get in fair weather which is understandable as sitting on that section of Fairmount Ave. sipping a Stella very pleasant.  Bar usually 3 deep with sports on the TV.  Food fun and quite good.  Terrific burger and fries, turkey if you want one.  Quesadillas, turkey chili, meatloaf and a menu that is fairly extensive and well prepared enough to tell you that sports bar or not, someone in the kitchen is paying attention.
Best beef stew & pork sandwich in town. easily.
A solid bar in the heart of the Art Museum district of Philadelphia, the Bishop's Collar is worthy  of a (or multiple) visits.  They have a handful of beers on tap and a deeper selection of bottles.      Prices on the various beers are in line with the area and can seem a bit high when compared with their food... I think I paid a dollar more for my dinner than my bottle! However, you shouldn't let that deter you from finding the right beer to pair with your meal.  Regarding the food, the portions are generous and priced to move.  The food quality is slightly better than your typical bar fare and most options come with either a small salad or fries (with or without old bay).

Really, the only thing holding the Collar back is its size.  It is small and comes off cramped, even if you manage to get a table.  I like a homey feeling in a bar, but am not a fan of always being pushed in a corner.  Obviously, it is a good sign when the place is always packed, but that can hurt the experience a bit.  If you manage to find a time when it isn't crazy, let me know, as I'd really enjoy this place a lot more with a little breathing room.
Friendly service. Food is good. Definitely order the buffalo chicken spring rolls. Walking distance to art museum.
Quintessential Philly Bar. Great local drafts and a good number of foreign and domestic bottles at affordable prices. Great for a quick beer or two. Close to Eastern State Penitentiary!!!
We stopped in for a quick drink while walking around the city. The bartenders were very friendly and attentive. They had outside seating and the doors wide open on a beautiful summer day. I'd say the bar was about half full with presumably local regulars. It was a decent atmosphere and the beers were reasonably priced (~$6 for a craft draft).
The staff here is really great and really gave us the taste of Philadelphia we were looking for. Will be back!
Casual neighborhood pub. Chill vibe and a great beer selection. I think it's the best bar in the Fairmount area in terms of relaxed atmosphere, brew options, and price. Great craft beer options. The hummus wrap w/ fries is only $6. The fries are crispy, thin, and never overdone. I was a fan of their house made veggie burger. Once I actually had this burger 3x in a single week! But, the last time I ordered it, the burger was far more "sour" than usual. The chef overdid the lemon, or my burger was spoiled. It was just really off compared to the typical burger that I was so accustomed to enjoying. Since then, I haven't been able to bring myself to order their veggie burger. Based on this experience, I'd say consistency is a real issue at this place; but, not a bad spot for a cold beer.
Food is average at best and the bartender "Steph" had an attitude and was focused more on drinking and chatting with her friends that were seated at the bar than serving the paying customers. That said, cozy pub with a nice vibe.
Why oh why did you change your menu, Bishop's????  I went with my friend after the Flyers/Rangers Alumni game with a hankering for the chicken nachos, only to discover that they, along with the other menu items I loved, were gone!  Initially I thought it was just a special New Year's Eve menu, so I asked our waitress if we could still order from the regular bar menu.  That was when my world collapsed (okay, I'm being dramatic).  She told me this WAS the menu.  I was devastated; literally had no idea what to do.  My friend suggested we finish our beers and head to Urban, but I didn't want to be rude.  We tried the risotto balls based on the server's recommendation: blah.  No real flavor.  We split a burger and chicken sandwich, which were both fine, but seriously, bring back the chicken nachos and some of the old staples.  Otherwise, I can imagine losing many patrons.  The chicken nachos were what kept me going there religiously, and the Bishop's as my standard haunt.
Me and my husband rode our bikes up to Fairmount today and had our hearts set on some Mexican food for a snack. Alas, Feliz Cantina was closed for the weekend! Such a disappointment.

We wandered around a couple blocks and everywhere seemed to be super crowded and/or just the normal american pub fair. Boo.

I seemed to recall ordering a snack from Bishop's Collar in the past so we checked out their menu. They had quesadillas and nachos, so we went with that to try and save our craving. We ordered them to-go because we aren't ready to dine out yet. They were ready quickly, which was great. We carried them a couple blocks south to the Art Museum area for a picnic.

Neither were anything to write home about, but it filled the empty voids in our tummies. The quesadillas were filled with cheese and vegetables but there wasn't a lot of flavor otherwise. The pineapple salsa, which sounded amazing, was actually just chopped pineapples, onions, and peppers. Nice, but I wouldn't call that salsa? The nachos had some really poor distribution of cheese and toppings. There were blobs of stuff and then lots of dry chips. The green chips were new and exciting, but I've made better guac at home and that's pretty much all that there was except for the cheese and sour cream.

I may just be sad that the actual mexican place wasn't open, but considering all the recent reviews that mention solid flavors and then us receiving some bland apps makes me wonder if those people work there or are related to the owner. Hahaha. Or maybe the meaty options have all the flavor and we missed out by going vegetarian?

Still, I wouldn't write this place off to try it again. They did a nice job spacing out tables outdoors and they're on a quieter corner.
I've been living in the Fairmount Art Museum area for over 4 years now and I've been to pretty much most if not all of the food places around. Bishop's Collar is not among my top places to frequent. It's standard American fare. The restaurant is among the older establishments left. The service is good. It's definitely a good place to go for a drink. It's a bar. They have good selections and price for drinks. It's also a good location but that's about it. I can't say much about the food. It's just okay.
It very well could have been the pending new COVID lock down but I didn't get a warm welcoming feeling from this place.  We got the Steak Tips Sandwich.  It comes on a very good seeded roll.  The steak tips were a little dry for my liking but very good.  The smoked cheese added a lot of flavor.  Very good sandwich.  Very good selection of beer.
Great local spot to get a beer, watch the game and just hang out. They had several beers on tap, quite a few more in bottle. I ended up getting a few beers on tap and just watching some baseball. Great spot to have a beer!
