Night Kitchen was A OK.  I purchased a father's day carrot cake from the bakery last month.  It was small for its $28 price tag but pretty moist and good.  My son enjoyed his cupcake as well.  Both were not the best we've ever had but Night Kitchen earns the additional star because my parents are still raving about the cake. Service was nice enough; the young lady who helped me with the cake was friendly and the only one to greet us (there were 3 people at the counter).  Overall, I am unsure if we'll return, as there are other better (and cheaper) bakeries in the city.
Yesterday was my 50th birthday y'all. Yes, my big 5-0 just happened to land in the middle of a pandemic so of course I threw one hell of a house party. And I have to say that of all the good things I received my cake was the star of the show.

I've had my eye on this cake for a few years ever since a friend posted a picture of hers on Instagram. I don't indulge in sweets because I have a milk allergy but for this occasion I made an exception and it was absolutely to die for. Sweet, tart, lemony and moist, if you like lemon bars or the like you will want this cake.

 You don't have to special order it because it's available daily but you should call ahead if you want an inscription. And don't be ridiculous and get the small one, just hand over your 30.00 for large and thank me later.
While we absolutely loved our cross between Harry Potter & The Nightmare Before Christmas cake & it tasted delicious, we were completely bummed about the color of the cake being WRONG. The bottom layer was NOT supposed to be blue. It was supposed to be purple and wine to match our theme. Unfortunately, it wound up completely clashing.*
*
The @nightkitchenbakery just called to apologize and said that it must have changed color while being stored in the fridge, they offered no discount because it was part of our wedding package we paid good money for. They didn't even offer us a small gift card for their bakery which I told the woman we loved. All she said was sorry! But to me, sorry didn't cut the cake. I mean, you couldnt even invite us back to have lunch or a couple of coffees on the house?! Booo  
*
Seriously though.... not even "oh come in for lunch or coffee on us?!" 

Update: it's been almost a month since my honest and not at all unreasonable business review from our experience & I was just sent a DM from some guy named Robert who completely lost his crap over what I wrote. He said some really nasty and over the top things to me like, "I'm what's wrong with America" ....really Robert? Am I?! All because I was upset about my wedding cake and left a review on a review website?!?! That's what this IS ya know! You said you want to come to my work and harass and berate me? Okay cool. You aren't at ALL taking things a little too personal. Nope. Not at all. #blocked
Night Kitchen makes really tasty cakes, cupcakes, baked good etc. If you are vegan though you are essentially out of luck. Center City is loaded with great options for Vegans. I'm hoping that mindset travels out to Chestnut Hill and specifically Night Kitchen soon. 

One thing I still enjoy there is the iced coffee. They freeze coffee into these large cubes. You then pour coffee over them. Great idea to give you cold coffee that is not watered down!
Tonight's craving was a cupcake and I couldn't have been more pleased to have pulled over to satiate my craving at The Night Kitchen. The Night Kitchen is such a charming, warm and cozy bakery! All the cakes, cookies, cupcakes and more looked absolutely divine. However, since my craving was cupcakes tonight, that's what I stuck to despite being tempted to get more. Yay me! I picked one lemon curd cupcake ($3) which was yellow cake, icing and lemon curd in the middle. It was scrumptious! It was soft, had great flavor, with the perfect amount of sweetness and the lemon curd balancing it out beautifully--I savored every bite. With such a yummy dessert to smooth out the night, of course I am looking forward to trying so much more! :) 

Friendly service, seating inside and parking on- street. 

Enjoy!
5 stars for the red velvet cake cupcakes.
4 stars for the enormous snickerdoodle cookies and the beautiful cakes in the window.
3 stars for the vanilla cupcakes (and their bland icing) and cheesecake tarts.
2 stars for charging $3.50 for a single cupcake.

Mathematically, it all works out to 4 stars because of the sheer number of red velvet cupcakes I have consumed and will consume from here. They are that delicious.
Peri at Night Kitchen bakery did our (gorgeous) 3 tiered wedding cake in 2008.  It was beautiful to look at and 2 of the 3 tiers were delicious.  The top tier was white cake with Lemon curd and it was slightly dry, but the middle tier (carrot cake no raisins) and bottom tier (Moist deep chocolate cake with chocolate mousse) were both scrumptious.

The cakes here are made with love and attention to detail.  I recommend them highly.
This review is for the recent batch of cupcakes I had from The Night Kitchen.  I was really disappointed with them, or mostly the icing. I hope it was just a fluke, but the icing was terrible! It was like a little rosette of lard on top of a not-so-moist, crumbly cake. Waaaay too much butter and way too little whipping. I didn't even finish the whole cake because of the terribly cloying taste. Also, the cakes are tiny in comparison for their cost. 

Now when I go to TNK, I stick to their cookies.
I am so amazed at what this bakery can make with their cakes! My mom has bought birthday cakes from here and I have also bought a cake here for my girlfriends birthday. I sent them a picture of hello kitty and they made the exact cake I asked for red velvet and butter cream and it came out just as amazing as it sounded! I will always use this bakery for their epic cakes for my family and special birthdays
Looking to satiate a carving for carrot cake, I entered the night kitchen cafe and bakery. It's a very small and cosy space with a row of glass cases which contain adorable cakes and desserts. 
I got a slice of carrot cake with a cappuccino and took a seat near the register. The cappuccino was milky and perfect. Its the best I've had in Philadelphia. The cake wasn't mind blowing but a great version of traditional carrot cake. 
The super stars here are the ingredients. You can taste the quality and freshness of them! They use local milk in their cappuccinos! I left feeling warm and bubbly, the feeling you get when you eat good natural food.
Loved loved loved this spot. I decided to take a stroll and try out this cute little cafe. I was not disappointed. I had the strata and my cousin had the grilled cheese. Both were fantastic. Yes I tried both. Don't judge me! My cousin also got me a lemon cupcake for my bday. It was fabulous. 

One of my favorite things I had was the iced coffee. I have never seen ice cubes made with coffee. You then add the hot coffee over the cubes. It's brilliant! My iced coffee never got watery. Such a great idea b

It's a bit tiny but the staff is friendly and I like the outside table. I will definitely be back.
UPDATE: after posting this review, Amy, the owner, called me directly and expressed concern about the service we received. She asked for an opportunity to show us how their customer service usually is and offered us a discount. We did not cancel our appointment and after a really pleasant and delicious tasting experience (the mocha cake with the raspberry filling, omg) we did decide to book with them. We really appreciated their prompt attention to our issue and, as I said in the previous review, their cakes really are delicious. 


Tried their cake at a food festival and it was delicious. I'm getting married and I wanted to get some sheet cakes from them for the wedding. I called ahead to set up a tasting, and they told me that wouldn't be necessary, and that if I showed up at the bakery at least 30 minutes before close, I'd be able to taste the cakes I wanted to taste. So I left work early, drove an hour across town in rush hour traffic, arrived an hour before close, and they told me they were out of samples, but I could schedule a formal tasting. WHICH IS WHY I CALLED AHEAD 3 WEEKS AGO. There is absolutely no excuse for that. To add insult to injury, they took 20 minutes to get someone to come up from the back and pencil us in. 

I will be canceling my tasting appointment. I'm not doing business with anyone who has so little regard for my time.
Got the infamous Lemon Curd for my mom's birthday ( her favorite).
Still so damn good it's ridiculous. Even the non cake eaters tore it up. Pretty expensive, though - the reason for the 4 stars. I can only afford it once a year!
Amy and John are brilliant! One of the best bakeries in Philadelphia. The regular items are always wonderful, but if you need a specialty cake this is the place to go. Many cakes look great but Amy's taste great and look spectacular! I can not recommend them enough. I've been buying special treats here since they opened.
Well, whaddya know -- a friend of mine began working here, and as such I've had many more opportunities to try everything and every bit of it is super yummy.  Seriously.  Scones savory and sweet, cakes, tarts, cookies, pies, breakfast burrito, all sort of chocolate things . . . I have to confess that I call my friend all the time now, just to see if she needs a ride home from work.
I can't really comment on the service since my friend is always awesome to me, but the transactions I've witnessed have been completely professional, and my friend has great respect for her co-workers, if that tells you anything.
We always get the flourless chocolate cupcake and the lemon curd cupcake.  

We are endeavoring to make this THE bakery from which my boyfriend's family gets birthday cake (to replace the "institutional" bakery up the street with the dry and old-tasting cake). I even ordered my boyfriend's parents anniversary cake from here; it was delicious--chocolate cake, raspberry filling and buttercream frosting--and intimately beautiful.
We did tastings all around the city trying to find the perfect cupcakes for our wedding (Never thought I'd get sick of tasting cupcakes!). We ended up booking The Night Kitchen after tasting their delicious creations. We ordered 9 dozen cupcakes to be delivered to our venue the morning of the wedding: flourless chocolate, rocky road, vanilla with strawberry buttercream, vanilla with hazelnut buttercream, and mocha chocolate with mocha frosting. All of them were amazing but rocky road was the biggest hit at the wedding.

We ordered the cupcakes pretty far in advance and paid the balance in full about a month before the wedding. It was not required to pay all of it this far in advance but I had so many payments to keep track of. We were told that we had to pay the full balance 2 weeks in advance since we were getting the cupcakes delivered. We were told that if for any reason the wedding date was changed/canceled we would receive store credit or they would postpone the order.

Originally I asked that the delivery be made between noon and 2 pm because that was my main set up window (the wedding started at 4 pm). The week before I called to confirm my order and asked if they could deliver as close to noon as possible because I had a better idea of the timeline. When I arrived on site a little after noon, the cupcake delivery was already waiting for me. Everything looked fantastic!

Overall we are still hearing from our guests how much they loved the cupcakes. Most other places had cake that was too dry, or frosting that was too sweet. Night Kitchen was just perfect and the service was excellent. Highly recommended!
I've made it a tradition to come here every Friday! They never seem to disappoint with an array of Tasty treats. The young ladies that work here are always very polite and patient as I take a while to decide from all the delicious choices. When in doubt, give the jumbo cookies a try, that's my safe choice.. and yes they are JUMBO
Just stopped by again to get cookies to bring to a party and was reminded why I love the Night Kitchen Bakery.  Not only is everything ridiculously tasty (try the almond macaroons), but they're just super nice people.  So...tasty desserts, friendly folks, and La Colombe coffee.  How can you go wrong?
I found Night Kitchen on a hunt for an early breakfast on my day off. I was initially worried that the only food would be pastries and cakes, because this is a bakery, too. However, I was pleased to discover a small menu of sandwiches and breakfast burritos, in addition to a copious amount of scones and muffins. 

Happily, my large coffee cost less than $2, and for a La Colombe brew to boot! JJ got an iced coffee and I was really excited to see that they had frozen coffee into cubes so that when you grabbed your hot coffee, you didn't get a watered down drink.

We both decided to get a grilled cheese sandwich, which came with mozzarella and goat cheese ($5--for $7, you can upgrade to the 'extra special' grilled cheese, which has caramelized onions and spinach). The sandwiches were served panini style, and came with a side salad or fruit. I liked that you can choose what bread you want, what side you want, and also choose what dressing comes on top of your salad.

Night Kitchen also makes custom cakes for special occasions and will schedule a private consultation to discuss ideas, sizes, and cake types. I saw someone come in for their tasting--she got to look through a binder of options before talking one-on-one with one of the bakers.
My favorite time to visit The Night Kitchen is after working a night shift when all I want is the comfort of good food and a warm cup of coffee. My favorite item on their Cafe Menu is their strata with bacon and cheddar. It never disappoints and paired with the side salad it is a very satisfying meal. 
I've also had some of their cupcakes which are very very rich and sweet but sooo good if that's what you're craving...and I also recently had their chocolate chip shortbread cookies which were perfection! 
If your looking for a sweet treat, a good cup of coffee, or a yummy breakfast/brunch/lunch definitely try The Night Kitchen!
The Night Kitchen Bakery has been a Chestnut Hill staple for the past twenty years. They use the most quality ingredients to bake up some of the most amazing cakes and pastries. And, rumor has it that they also cater as well.
I went in and was in line behind another lady who was treated with disdain by the employee, it was so awful, that I almost went somewhere else to eat. She was merely asking questions and was polite. I stayed anyhow as I was very hungry.  I ordered the 'Nova', which was severely lacking in flavor.  For $9.75 I could have stayed home, prepared the same thing and it would have been delicious.   I didn't complain because the lady behind the counter had already been incredibly rude to the person before me.

 Another time, I thought I;d give them the benefit of the doubt and I called in to order.  Not only did they refuse to take my order but the lady I spoke with acted as though she was terribly inconvenienced and annoyed that I was asking about this.  She told me that I would have to come in to order, and I explained to her that my lunch break is only 30 minutes long. I asked her how long it takes to make a sandwich and she said "ten minutes minimum" So told her that this is the reason why I need to order before I arrive.  Mind you, I was even offering to PAY for my order before arriving. I was ready to give her my credit card number.  

She agressively said "I already TOLD YOU NO"
I've patronized the Night Kitchen for many years and have always loved everything I've bought there.  Until this time.  I bought a lovely looking cherry tart for $22, an average Night Kitchen price.  Usually things are worth every penny you spend, but this time the tart was all crust with hardly any cherry filling.  I was SO disappointed.  I will no longer assume that everything sold there is top quality.  So sorry.
Night Kitchen made a beautiful custom cake for me based on photos I sent and a detailed discussion in advance with Amy who was wonderful. I wanted a cake for my friend's 50th birthday surprise celebration during our trip to Ocean City, NJ. They incorporated all the elements we discussed, including ocean, beach sand, shells, boardwalk, Brown's Donuts(!), and a special photo I had taken of the emblem on the 9th Street Pier. So wonderful. Thank you!
Great cupcakes. Even better cakes. Got a great custom cake made there. A pretty expensive cake but pretty elaborate and pretty big. Cake boss quality if you ask me!
I haven't actually been there in a couple years. If they still have those sticky buns, they alone would make it a 4 or 5 star place. Oh my God those buns - buttery evil buns. Sometimes my dad would wait a day, slather them with MORE butter and fry 'em in a pan. I think I just heard my arteries clogging...
Oh - everything else there I've ever tried was fantastic. The lemon curd cake is BAD-ASS.
The cupcakes here get me so excited, they make me blush.  Literally.  The woman behind the counter pointed it out to me.  While sampling a variety of cupcakes to determine the city's best, we got rocky road cupcakes, flourless chocolate cupcakes, and their lemon cupcakes.  Also tried a chocolate chip pumpkin cookie, or something equally as awesome.  The cookie and flourless cupcake were amazing.  I thought the Rocky road (the description of which made me blush) was pretty good; my one friend still dreams of them.  The lemon?  Meh.  Anyway, go check it out, and bring me one of those pumpkin cookies if they still have them.
I just moved back to Philly after several years in DC and Night Kitchen was one of the things I missed the most. From the yummy sandwiches to the scones and  sumptuous cake ( my wedding party guests asked about that for weeks!)to the to-die-for brownies, this is hands down the best bakery in Philly and possibly on the East coast.
Why is it so difficult to find a decent bakery in the Philly area? My expectations were not high for this place especially after trying their cookies- every single cookie tasted like shortbread... The cakes however are to die for!! I ordered a chocolate cake with rasberry jam for a bday and it was absolutely delicious! Perfectly moist cake with just the right amount of ganache frosting and rasberry jam. Truly delicious! 5+ stars for the cakes but I give it a four, since the cookies were disappointing. Highly highly recommend the cakes!
I missed the pre-order deadline for Thanksgiving, but picket up a pumpkin cheese cake day before Thanksgiving no problem. Amazing since everything is made from scratch!

Definitely the best desert there a dinner, can't wait to actually plan for next year and get a chocolate pecan pie! Sooooooooooooo good!!!
Great deserts!  I have never gotten cake there but I like pastries!
I want to love this place.  The name is so cool, the location is good for parking, and it's a Mt.Airy/Chestnut Hill institution.

Alas, the cupcakes were disappointing, and the staff made me feel like I was inconveniencing them.
Guess what? No cats allowed at this cake shop, so there goes one star. What kind of cake shop that makes three tier cakes at a three tier price doesn't have a box that fits a tall order? I'll tell you....this cake shop.  Luckily, our cake survived the drive without getting battered. We wanted a receipt to prove, that yes, candy bows really do cost $60. The icing on the cake, NO receipt available, but we were allowed to take a picture with our iPhones, thank GOD for technology!!! The cake tasted just like cake, but not far from a tastykake. Next time, we'll stop at the CVS across the street, load up some boxes of krimpets, stack em high...then head back over to the Night Kitchen for a candy bow. YUMMY & CLASSY!!!!!!!!
I found this place when I was on a mad search from a Groomscake and this place is delicious. The tasting was great, and we got to try a bunch of items. Our guess' still ask where we got the cake, and the boy is still complaining that the cake was gone before he got a piece. 

They also did a 2 tiered bridal shower cake for a shower I was hosting, and then the wedding cake since the bride loved it so much. Her family recently stopped me at a FUNERAL to tell me again how great the cake was - now that's a sign of a good cake, that it gets you out of mourning! 

For my birthday this year, the boy skipped the cake and went with the chocolate cupcakes with chocolate or vanilla buttercream frosting and OMG - we had 20 people at my house and the moment people picked up the cupcakes, the room went completely silent as people were munching (some mmmmmhmmmms could be heard).
I simply love this place. When I worked in the city, I would purposely go out of my way when driving home just to try something new.  Their lemon bars and brownies are to die for.
We had ordered food for my daughter-in-law's baby shower over the weekend. We ordered two dozen each of the following, which I'll rate: 
1. Crabcakes - reasonably good but not spiced, with nice remoulade, but each piece was literally quarter size. My wife and I could have put the whole order away for dinner for two.  
2. Duck quesadillas - these were tasty and well prepared. 
3. Chicken "skewers" - expecting something more like the appetizer one gets in so many local restaurants, but no, these were bland, breaded, and each the size of a gumball. McNuggets are twice the size! 
4. Cheese tartlets - these were well done with mushroom and cheese and were quite good. 
5. Chips and dip - largish container of dip - I didn't personally taste this, but it was mostly untouched by the guests. 
6. Cupcakes - being primarily a bakery, these were excellent and pretty to look at. 

Here's the kicker - I brought the SUV to pick up the trays, but in fact, the order fit in one medium size bag!  I was so concerned there wouldn't be enough for the guests to eat, I shelled out another $50 for 2 pounds of cooked shrimp at the local market! What Night Kitchen prepared for our event was fair to good, and the portions literally miniscule. I would expect to pay a maximum of $125 for my order from a "gourmet" shop. But no, the bill was $260 (plus tip), which was an exorbitant amount to pay for what we received. If I return I will do so for the bakery. I wasn't about to make a scene, but there's no question we were incredibly ripped off and wouldn't recommend this business to anyone who is looking for high quality food at a reasonable price. This is Chestnut Hill, guys, not Rodeo Drive. I'd even feel ripped off if I was charged this much for meh food in Beverly Hills!
We happened to stumble upon this super quaint bakery when we were heading up to Chestnut Hill. I had always heard good things about The Night Kitchen but I've never had the opportunity to stop in. Well, I'm really glad we stopped! I didn't realize that it was not just a bakery but a sit down cafe as well. We tried several items but what really stood out was the key lime pudding (yes, pudding!). It was sweet, but tart and had a nice meringue topping. The lemon squares were also so delicious! Just the right touch of tartness. We teamed our treats with coffee, which was delicious and so inexpensive compared to other coffee places. Before we left, we ordered a carrot cake to take home. I cannot even describe  how delicious this was! Moist and rich with the most amazing frosting. I will dream about this cake until the next time I can stop at The Night Kitchen and get another one. All in all, I loved everything we had and will definitely return. Maybe next time I'll come for brunch or lunch so I can try more of their food. You should definitely go. You won't be disappointed!
Everything I have ever ordered here is delicious! Although some items are slightly pricey, most are well worth it and the staff are friendly and welcoming. Definitely a location that should become a regular stop if you're a local!
We couldn't have picked a better place for our wedding! The cake tasting experience was incredible! You can't make a wrong choice! All flavors are out of this world! They are so flexible and willing to make you happy and provide whatever you're looking for. We chose to have additional "bars" as a dessert option, so delicious! Our wedding cake was exactly what we envisioned!!
It's a cool little cafe/coffee shop/bakery. First things first: coffee. Though I usually go for a mocha latte, they didn't have their mocha/chocolate sauce when I went. No worries, I got a regular latte. What's important here, they use coffee ice cubes in it! Yes, you're not getting a watered down coffee.

This time I was tempted for some baked goods and went for a little sampling. The chocolate chip cookie, a peanut butter cookie, and a snicker doodle, plus a carrot cake cupcake. My wife ate the cupcake, and I ate most of the cookies. Each one was good in it's own way. They're large, a mix of chewy and a bit crunchy around the edges.
I don't even know where to began. I never heard of this place until six months ago. One of my clients was closing on a mortgage and she gave everyone in the office these Lemon curd cupcakes. Man let me tell you since that day, I have been wanting nothing but those darn cupcakes. Today was the day I was able to get me those beautiful cupcakes.The cake itself is the moistest cake I have had in years. The icing is not too sweet with a perfect amount of lemon curd in the middle. Please do yourself a favor, treat yourself to one of those cupcakes. Bet you cant eat just one.
The best bakery ever!!!  OK I'm a little biased because my sister works there, but I've been getting amazing birthday cakes there since high school, way before she got there.  Their mocha mousse cake is the best, I drool for it regularly.  The moistest (is that a word?) chocolate cake, layered with chocolate mousse, and covered with the mocha (but more chocolatey) icing.  Amazing.  Brownies and flourless chocolate torte that are more like fudge and could cause serious damage if you were to throw a piece at someone's head...not that you'd do that, because you'd be too busy eating.
We recently ordered a wedding cake from the Night Kitchen and we would do it again! If you're on the fence, order now for any occasion. 

We ordered a two-tier yellow wedding cake with fondant icing. Even though we had no idea what we wanted originally, Amy was patient and guided us through the tasting and selection process. She was open to suggestions and never pressured us to go in a particular direction. 

The final product was a delicious yellow cake with vibrant raspberry and lemon curd layers, buttercream icing, and a thin fondant exterior (for shaping only). The cake itself was filling without being dense or tart. Our guests raved over it! There were no leftovers to take home. :-D 

While I don't have a sweet tooth and am not a fan of overly sugary treats (can't say the same for my husband!), this cake struck the right level of decadence.
As I sit here eating a piece of our wedding cake from last weekend (3 tiers of carrot cake with cream cheese filling, yellow cake with lemon curd filling, and chocolate cake with chocolate mousse filling PLUS a flourless chocolate (insanely delicious) groom's cake as my husband is wheat intolerant), I am compelled to write my first review on Yelp ever. 

Night Kitchen makes the most delectable and beautiful cakes. So moist and rich and delicious.. After the cake cutting when I had my first bite fed to me, (okay, don't tell) I sort of wanted to grab some cake and champagne and go hole ourselves in for a while just eating the cake-- is that so wrong?! 

They have their tasting appointment and cupcakes, ordering protocol down to a science-- we appreciated their professionalism, communication and artistry. 

Though on the higher end of cake pricing spectrum, definitely well worth it. We indubitably recommend Night Kitchen Bakery to everyone seeking both a beautiful to eye and delicious to the taste cake for your wedding!
The 3rd specialty cake I've asked Night Kitchen to create for me. I've not been disappointed, they look exactly the way I wanted them and they were delicious!
Their salted caramel bars are to die for. And everything else I've ever had here is amazing as well! PB&J cupcakes, raspberry scones, peach cinnamon buns, challah bread, etc. Yum!
This place is great. Their cakes are out of this world -worth every penny. Sometimes the staff (maybe the older lady who is the owner actually) can be a little lacking on their customer service, but the cakes are GREAT!!!!
Kind, attentive, and helpful staff, some interesting treats like s'mores bars, salted caramel bar, and rocky road cupcake.
Night Kitchen made an amazing, beautiful and simply fantastic Finding Dory cake for my daughter's 3rd birthday!!!   You guys are absolutely the best!  The cake exceeded my expectations!!   It was stunning and so delicious!!This is my third cake from Night Kitchen and I will definitely be back!!
I've walked past this bakery so many time going to Staples Office Store. So I finally decided to check it out. 

First Impressions: When facing the store to the right is the entrance to the bakery where the display cases of baked goods are located. On the left through the glass window, to can see examples of the wedding cakes they make, as well as the bakers working and decorating cakes. Awesome!

Once inside the bakery offers seating for you to enjoy your baked good, coffee and/or sandwich. 

Cupcakes: Decided to try a few cupcakes. Purchased a red velvet, carrot cake, 2 cheesecake cupcakes, and a plain vanilla. The cupcakes were moist and super soft. The cupcakes were good, but not amazing. However, the carrot cake cupcake was AMAZING!

There were other baked goods available, but I always go for the cupcake first. Def worth going back to try some of the cookies, sticky buns, and cakes.
The night kitchen is amazing. From their jumble cookies to their apple cake it's all super delicious. Probably.my favorite is the chocolate praline cake, wow it's so yummy. The people that work there are really friendly and the owner is just great. I love their outdoor seating when the weather is good.
Ok back in the day this place was amazing presently not so much. Everything sort looks good but does not deliver at all.  Sconces with jam inserted a grey color on inside, sticky bun minus any flavor, prices extreme, quirky staff, owner quasi rude, not a good experience. The place expanded, so much staff,  looks better on the outside but what is on the inside counts much more as in what is in your baked goods, very much more. 
Please do better, and cost less.
I used to be a loyal Bredenbeck's customer until I tried this place. Just about everything I have tried is good. The chocolate and carrot cupcakes are a given for best around; but their other desserts are good too. The bread pudding, the cakes, the cookies; uhhhhhh, dieters stay away.
They did our 3 tiered, multi flavored wedding cake and the results were picture-perfect and so yummy.  They are pricey - but you get what you pay for.

Customer service was terrific from initial cake tasting and consultation, through color and design selection.

Perry (the pastry chef) is a master!

We loved our wedding cake.
This is a small bakery specializing in pastries (no breads here). My favorite is the lemon curd cake, which is moist and full of lemony flavor. Their chocolate cake is rich; they have a variety of cupcakes--white with chocolate frosting, moist carrot, chocolate and lemon--in addition to a variety of cookies, tarts and sweet rolls. 

The bakery is in a little shop with wood floors. There are one or two tables, so if you want to sit down and savor your cookies along with a cup of coffee, you can.
Night's kitchen has great cupcakes and beautifully designed cakes. I bought a custom designed birthday cake for my boyfriend. We had just moved to Philadelphia from San Diego and I wanted a cake that had elements of both cities.  The pastry chef's and decorators were great to work with and really saw my vision.  The cake I got was great with so much detail. It was moist and very tasty. It was very expensive ($86 for an 8 inch round) but it was a work of art!  I will be going back to this neighborhood bakery!
The Night Kitchen used to be my go to bakery, but over the last couple of years some things have gotten on my nerves.

First off, when I would want a larger order called in for breakfast Danishes to bring in for work. When I would call in at maybe 12 noon the day before to make an order I'd want to pick up at 8:30 the next morning, they would tell me that I should have called earlier in the morning because they could only guarantee my order could be ready if I called 24 hours in advance. I just don't get that. That just came off like they didn't need the business. The other part that would turn me off is that they would charge me extra by the piece if I wanted the larger Danishes cut in quarters. Finally, I stopped calling those orders in.

I've always been a fan of their lemon curd cake and the chocolate cake with the hazelnuts, but I'm not so keen on the buttercream parts of those cakes. This was my go to spot for birthday cakes, but I even turned off of that lately because of the proportion of buttercream to actual cake. I attached a photo of a piece of my last piece of chocolate cake I got to go. That was a major disappointment considering that I usually just scape off half the buttercream before I eat it. In this last piece of "cake", it seemed more than half the cake was buttercream.

By the way, it's not just me who is not a fan of so much buttercream on the little bit of cake. I notice the whole family leaving behind most of that stuff.
My favorite is the sour cream coffee cake. A little pricey but think of it this way.  Items are so rich that a little goes a long way.  Chocolate pecan tart tastes wonderful as well.  As does the chocolate flourless cake. I find the cookies average, the bars and brownies slightly above average.
I live near Chestnut Hill, so just from the look of the Night Kitchen's cakes, I would have booked them for my wedding cake if I was getting married in the area.  Just recently, I finally got to try an NK Cake.  My friend ordered a lemon curd birthday cake.  OMG!   This was one of the best cakes I've ever, ever had.  I can't even explain how freakin' good this was.

Then, she had a bday party for her boyfriend and ordered another cake.  I'm not that into chocolate cake, so the taste wasn't there for me, but the design was amazing.  The party was a movie them.  I'll attach a photo here if I can!

The reason I'm giving them 4 stars not 5 is because their prices are really high.
This bakery is impeccable--and we live within walking distance of three bakeries! NK is the closest thing I've found to church. The ladies chime a lovely welcome as we enter, and my daughter looks on as these handmaidens of pastry hand over delectable sacrament after delectable sacrament. My daughter even drew a crayon picture of her dream 4th birthday cake, which they turned into the most gorgeous delight of carrot cake and cream cheese frosting covered in a day-glo fondant. Speaking of carrot cake, theirs is hands down the best I've tasted. Some may find NK's offerings pricey; I consider their cakes and cookies an investment in my well-being. Try their little Valentine's Day tree stump cake with your and your sweetie's initials carved in! This is what living is for.
Wonderful food, delicious desserts, great atmosphere, great service, and they make a great effort to be Green. One of my favorite places in Philadelphia.
Most amazing baked goods - can confidently purchase anything they sell, my favorite bakery of all time.
This is an awesome bakery, lots of variety in terms of cookies, bars, cakes, scone, sandwiches and salads. Their iced coffee is great, coffee + coffee ice cubes = win!! Everything I have tried here has been excellent - especially the raspberry bar. There is inside and outside seating as well.
New favorite! They expanded in size and menu. From the service to the quality of food and the atmosphere-so great!

Also, if you are looking for a delicious challah this is your place.  They add a little whole wheat so it's not completely traditional but I love it!
You have to try the s'more like cupcakes.  I can't remember what they are called, but they have the best cloud (like custard shape) of a chocolate shell filled with white cream.  Man, they are goooooood.  Lemon bars and pecan bars are great too, though I'm not a fan of either of those usually.
Just attended a bridal shower with a cake made by this bakery.  IT WAS DELICIOUS!  I consider myself a bit of a cake snob, and every pie/cake/treat that my family has purchased from this bakery has been delicious.  I absolutely suggest checking this place out!
Purchased 13 dozen miniature cupcakes to display on a five tier cupcake tree being used for a wedding reception. Cupcakes were not only delicious but each was a work of art!
Beautiful designs, flowers made of buttercream frosting. The cupcakes were the talk of the wedding. Highly recommend Night Kitchen.
PRS
Good cookies and pannini sandwiches.  Friendly people work here.  They also have good ready made sandwiches, soup and salads to go.
We ordered two cakes here for a graduation party.  My brother's cake was 2 stacked books while my stepsister's cake was a two tiered cake with a nursing theme to it.  Both cakes were custom cakes and about $200 a piece.  However each cake fed about 50 people and they were delicious!  The cakes were moist and the icing was just the right amount of sweet.  The fondant was nice and smooth and the fondant decorations looked great.
We ordered our wedding cake from the Night Kitchen. We loved it so much! It was beautiful and tasty. Amy was very nice and made sure she got every detail on our wedding cake right. I had sent her several pictures of what I wanted and they nailed it.  It was perfect.
Great coffee. Lattes are expertly crafted. 

Their  iced coffee is delicious and unique- they give you coffee ice cubes and you self-serve the hot coffee over it. I was skeptical when I first got the cup of ice cubes. I hate when I ask for iced coffee and the place pours hot coffee over ice. But Night Kitchen's is different. The coffee ice cubes really work their magic.  And because of this way of making iced coffee, you can also get decaf which is great for me.  

Try the yogurt parfait.  It's delicious. The granola is not skimpy and has pecans.

The pastries are also delicious. You really can't go wrong there!
Far and away the best bakery around. The scones are spectacular. As is the lemon curd cake. Such a cute little authentic local bakery.
The Night Kitchen has amazing pastries and cakes. I'm not going to compare it to sex, but let's just say I need a cigarette right after having a slice of their chocolate-mocha cake.

The place itself is very unassuming, and looks like it could use a little upkeep. That's just to hide the true deliciousness of their deserts inside. My favorite is the chocolate chip shortbread, mostly because I ate it as a kid, and it brings back the memories.

Price wise, it is pretty expensive compared to PathMark or Bredenbecks, but the value of having cakes so delicious made with such high quality ingredients justifies the cost. When someone at a party bites into their chocolate-peanut butter cake and says "Oh my god!" really loudly, you know that it was worth every penny.
While we absolutely loved our cross between Harry Potter & The Nightmare Before Christmas cake & it tasted delicious, we were completely bummed about the color of the cake being WRONG. The bottom layer was NOT supposed to be blue. It was supposed to be purple and wine to match our theme. Unfortunately, it wound up completely clashing.*
*
The @nightkitchenbakery just called to apologize and said that it must have changed color while being stored in the fridge, they offered no discount because it was part of our wedding package we paid good money for. They didn't even offer us a small gift card for their bakery which I told the woman we loved. All she said was sorry! But to me, sorry didn't cut the cake. I mean, you couldnt even invite us back to have lunch or a couple of coffees on the house?! Booo   *
*
Seriously though.... not even "oh come in for lunch or coffee on us?!"
Our favorite spot for local dessert.  We are particularly obsessed with the carrot and red velvet cupcakes.  The cinnamon buns are also delish!  Our child's pediatrician is directly across the street ... Even though he isn't even one yet, I've already made the momxecutive decision that all of his pediatrician appointments will be followed by a trip to the Night kitchen!
I love this bakery! The lemon curd cake is absolutely fantastic! The prices are reasonable and the quality is consistently amazing. The only recommendation I'd make is that the bakery cafe is not set up great. They seem to have a refrigerated self serve area that really clogs traffic where the cash register is... The layout is just a bit hard to navigate but the baked goods make up for it!
Oh, I love The Night Kitchen!  Their baked goods are divine!  They have a great variety of treats - cupcakes, brownies, cookie bars and the like.  It's definitely a place worth stopping when shopping in Chestnut Hill.
Great little place in chestnut hill!

I was referred to them by a local restaurant.   They said that the Night Kitchen had great Carrot Cake.

I got a slice of carrot cake and a slice od lemon curd for my wife.   Both were fantastic! 

Highly recommended!
We wandered here after dinner one day and I was blown away!  This cute neighborhood bakery had several unique touches, including coffee ice cubes for iced coffee and a large selection of small pastries, that made it stand out from the ordinary.  Staff was patient and friendly as we gazed through the glass and changed our minds multiple times.  Bathroom is immaculate.  The only downside?  It closes at 7.
The drive from Royersford to make sure you get the best birthday cake is sure worth it. As soon as you walk in the service and the smell of delicious treats wins you over...and I'd that isn't enough wait until you see and taste their cakes! Love this place
Nice place, busy lunch crowd with a very pleasant wait staff. I came in for a pick me up on what started out to be a stressful day.  You know the kind of day I mean... Fight with the spouse, then work, dispute with vendor over return policy then overpaid for shipping at UPS!  Needless to say the trip to a bakery was well worth my piece of mind.

The salted caramel was heaven & immediately restored the balance to my life... Suddenly all was right with the world!  I also got a vanilla buttercream cupcake for later.  The cupcake was ok, not nearly as delightful as the caramel was.  But the entire package deserves a four star rating in my book.
The Night Kitchen Bakery did an amazing job on my daughter's 10th Birthday cake! The "fashion" themed design was beautiful and the chocolate mousse cake was absolutely delicious! I highly recommend!
They are my #2 fave bakery in the Mt. Airy/ Chestnut Hill area. They have some glutton free options, a little limited but their baked goods are delicious. There is usually no wait for service during the week. Weekends can get a bit crowded as the shop is small.
I stumbled upon the Night Kitchen's existence when I saw their amazing looking Avengers wedding cake which popped up in my newsfeed. I'm curious by nature (and always up for some tasty sweets) so I looked over their FB page and found a dazzling array of cupcakes, cookies, pastries .... basically all things YUM. My mouth was watering just reading other reviews.

I then learned they aren't in New York, L.A., or some far off land, but in the suburbs of Philadelphia, which my husband and I were passing by in our travels today. I kind of told him it was what I wanted for early Valentine's Day, and he happily obliged.

We were both super impressed, from the friendly staff (we even got to say hi and compliment owner Amy!) to their cupcakes that have just the right amount of sweetness. The carrot cupcake was among the best I've ever had and  OMG over the yellow cupcake with lemon curd, and chocolate with chocolate mousse in the center, topped with mocha chocolate frosting. Everything tasted moist and fresh, and just delightful accompanied by a hot cup of tea.

They also have homemade soups and specialty lunch items but we just had cupcakes and bought a bunch of Vday goodies to take home to our family.

If we weren't heading somewhere in the area, it's a bit of road trip for us (an hour 15 minutes), but OH SO WORTH it. Looking forward to taking my daughter who lives in South Philly one day as well as anybody and everybody who want to go along!

MORAL OF THE STORY: If you find yourself in the Chestnut Hill area and need a treat, stop at the Night Kitchen Bakery & Cafe. You won't be sorry!!
Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!
My little sister works the weekend market down the street so my wife and I went over to visit her and get some veggies. Ended up getting scallops also. 
So I got an iced coffee because I am in need of instant gratification. Waiting for something to cool isn't my style. They have ice cubes made of coffee! I've only ever seen this done once by a coffee guru at his house that worked for La Colombe. Which is what they serve too. It's really awesome because as the ice melts it doesn't water down your drink. It strengthens it!

I also got an everything bagel with Veggie cream cheese. This was excellent. One of the best I've had in a while. Especially since everywhere else started serving those Philly muffin bagels I don't like. I assume they are so good here because it's a bakery. 
My wife also got a blueberry muffin that I tried some of and it was perfect. Perfect amount of moist and sweet.
Absolutely amazing!!  Can not say enough great things about our wedding cake that the night kitchen made!! Not only was is stunning and beautiful to look at, but it tasted absolutely DELICIOUS!!!! We had four different flavors-red velvet, chocolate w chocolate mousse filling, carrot cake, and yellow with raspberry filling-and I can not decide which one I liked the best!  PERFECT PERFECT PERFECT!!
My sister and mother ordered our wedding cake from the night kitchen. We had a four tier cake. Tier one was yellow cake with lemon filling, tier two chocolate with mousse filling, tier three red velvet with butter cream, and top tier carrot cake with cream cheese filling. The cake was amazingly beautiful and delicious everyone loved it.
The Night Kitchen Bakery did our wedding cake in August of 2019. Working with NKB was super easy. They are very professional and also very nice which made the whole process completely stress-free. NKB did a beautiful job (as you can see in the pictures).  After the wedding, our guests talked about how much they loved the cake, especially the chocolate mocha layer!
The best thing about this place....they have frozen coffee ice cubes for the iced coffee. No watered down iced coffee here!

Now that, that is out of the way. Everything about this place is awesome, from all of the tasty pastries and cookies to the wonderful cakes we get to see being made next door.
My wife and I had an amazing experience with the night kitchen bakery for our wedding at the Morris Arboretum. The cake was beautiful and delicious. They had seamless communication with our caterer. Thank you!
I'm not in area of this bakery as often as I would like but when I am I ALWAYS get their mocha. It's creamy, delicious, best of ALL the others including center city top tier shops. Worth a trip. Great staff, great long time reputation.
Their amazing handcrafted cakes and desserts are out of this world!  I couldn't be happier each time I enjoy the delicious piece of art they produce. So beautiful that I don't want to eat it but the smell and taste end up getting me every time. Before I know it, I am ready for more. What are you waiting for? Get your art today!
Night Kitchen Bakery baked our beautiful and delicious wedding cake in June of last year! A little delayed in writing our online reviews, but we received so many compliments from our guests about how amazing our cake was! They were so easy to work with and we got to choose multiple flavors- chocolate, red velvet, and carrot- for our guests to enjoy! Thank you so much to Amy and the whole team!
I ordered a groom's cake to surprise my brother for his wedding, and it was AWESOME. It was a mocha chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream and a video game/board game theme.

1. The cake itself tasted amazing. Normally when I eat a "pretty" cake the cake and icing don't taste good. This cake was a huge hit. People were flocking to it at the rehearsal dinner and it was sliced and gone within 20 minutes! Even the fondant tasted good which is definitely not true most places.

2. The decorators really listened. Everything I asked for was on the cake. I gave some decorative freedom with colors and design, and I was extremely happy with the result.

3. The process of ordering was really easy and everyone was very friendly and organized throughout.

Overall, if you want a specialty cake from the Philly area, The Night Kitchen Bakery is the place to go. It's a little expensive, but I think it was worth the money.
We LOVED our Night Kitchen wedding cake! From our first tasting, we were blown away by the flavors, service and value they offer.

We had a 3-tier wedding cake with two different flavors--chocolate mocha cake and yellow cake with lemon curd. In our consultation, Amy showed us numerous designs and concepts we could choose to replicate exactly, or offered to make something custom in collaboration with the decorator. I had a basic idea that I wanted an Art Nouveau cake, but I wasn't sure what form I wanted it to take, so I brought in a full Pinterest board of inspiration. We decided to let the decorator look through our inspiration and come up with something to surprise us.

On the wedding day, I didn't see my cake until the reception, and it was such a pleasant surprise to see such a beautifully constructed cake that perfectly captured our wedding. They even used a Mucha painting, 'Laurel,' which I not only share my name with, but was my starting point for all the colors in my wedding. Perfect.

My one regret is that after cutting the cake and tasting one bite of the mocha (to die for), I was anxious to hit the dance floor, and didn't eat any more of it. Rookie mistake! I've been dreaming about that chocolate cake ever since and wish I'd had more! :) Thank you!!
My husband and I got married on 10/20/18 at the Joseph Ambler Inn and we selected Night Kitchen Bakery for our wedding cake. I'm so happy we did because everything was so easy and the cake was AMAZING! For our tasting, we got to taste 4 or 5 different cake flavors and fillings. That lemon filing...I still dream about it! We had shown the Chef some pictures of what we were thinking and wow, it was more beautiful than I had even imagined! They were even able to put a little "hidden Mickey" on the cake, as my husband and I are big Disney fans. I highly recommend Night Kitchen, you will be so happy you did!
One of the best bakeries in town! Their brownies are absolutely delicious and their new line of designer puddings are the perfect comfort food for any day. I have not tried their designer cakes but they always look delicious and beautifully decorated.

This is a must try place!
Chef Missy recommended this bakery for my Father's 75th birthday cake, and they made an excellent cake!  It was a 2 layer - carrot and red velvet - his favorite flavors, and everyone raved about how delicious it was!  Highly recommned!
My husband and I chose the Night Kitchen for our wedding cake and are so happy we did. They mainly do fondant cakes, but my husband and I prefer buttercream. Luckily for our wedding at Morris Arboretum they did an amazing job with our nearly naked birch tree-esque cake. The cake tasted amazing (everyone said so ) and came out exactly as requested. Also they were friendly and easy to work with. Winning all around. We're coming up on our 1 year anniversary and looking forward to more cake!
