Having a meal with a chef is a totally different experience than dining with a regular person who just likes to eat (I fall into the latter category. I like to eat. A lot.). The menu looked great, and I instantly liked the cozy, dark  atmosphere. We decided to share a bunch of things, and started out with the Chowder (needed butter and more seasoning) and Calamari (DELISH!). Everything was going just fine. My friend was enjoying the food and a few Anchor Steams, and I was hoping he was distracted and not paying attention while I scarfed down the squid. And then our entrees came out.

We ordered the crabcake and a Caesar Salad to share, but when the salad appeared, my friend was not pleased. In his exact words (which he said to the super patient and friendly waitress): "The lettuce looked like it just walked here from China." He was not exaggerating. The salad was quickly returned to the kitchen - the service here was awesome. I'd come back just for that alone!

The Happy Rooster is a nice place for a long lunch with a pal, especially on a rainy, chilly day. I'll be back (and I'll be trying out the sardines).
Happy Rooster is like a friend you don't see too often. You get together, and you're thinking "Man, this is great. Why don't we hang out more??" By the end of the night, though, you remember exactly why you never call this person first.

Cozy and dark, with roosters all over and big, comfy booths that encourage conversation, I like the space here. The bartender and wait staff are friendly and accommodating and just a pleasure to be around. This has the makings of a great bar, except that, unfortunately, there isn't a whole lot to drink.

Clearly the Happy Rooster isn't focusing on beer, but a list with Chimay Red and Boddington's as the best options just doesn't cut it in Philadelphia - it is not a good thing when the jacked up deli on the corner has a more interesting, less expensive beer selection than your bar. I usually opt for a glass of wine here, and that list, too, seems a little limited and a little pricey. 

That goes for the bar menu as well. An order of fries, at $7, could have used another minute or two in the fryer and some salt. We also tried the mozzarella with tomato and roasted pepper, which was a disaster of a snack. The mozzarella puck earned itself two comparisons to shoes (my friend said leather, but I was thinking more along the lines of a rubbery sole, myself), the tomato sauce was sadly lacking in verve, and the two shreds of pepper on top just made the whole thing a little more pitiable. This was difficult to eat and the opposite of delicious, but the kindly bartender told us they had just changed the dish, so hopefully it's only temporary.

Happy Rooster has a lot going for it, but in a city where you can't spit without hitting a top-notch drinking establishment (and believe me, I've tried), it's not quite up to par.
Our $14 chicken cheesesteaks were an abomination.   The chicken was soggy and tasteless (as if it had been steamed) and it was served partially shredded and partially in ginormous chunks.   Perversely, the sandwich including a mix of what-appeared-to-be boiled pearl onions, wet chopped peppers and charred mystery vegetation.  Whomever was manning the kitchen clearly had no idea about the anatomy of a proper Philadelphia cheesesteak (chicken or otherwise).  The sandwiches were a disgusting and heartburn-inducing tepid mess.   To add insult to injury, the formerly delicious hand-cut shoestring fries have been replaced by cold kettle chips.   

Who knew that a rooster could lay an egg? Sadly, this one can!!
Sansom's filled with tons of options and it becomes hard to pick one for the night. The Rooster is one of the cozier places. It has two separate halls: the main bar area right as you walk in and a dining area in the back. The low ceilings and dark lighting make it the perfect place for a quiet evening. 

We only stopped in for drinks, and didn't get a change to try any of the food. The drinks were good and a bit priced but basically the same price as everywhere else on the street. 

There's nothing really amazing about this place and can't really say anything bad about it either. Going it an average three stars.
Is it a gastropub or is it a dive bar? Is it neither or is it a poor combination of both? Does it not know what it wants to be, or does it aspire to mediocrity? 

Is The Happy Rooster the marginalized progeny of Monk's and Ray's Happy Birthday Bar? At times wanting to be both but also wanting to be neither? Wanting to be close to them but also hating them, right before it drops out of film school to work on a sustainable agriculture farm in New Zealand?

I have asked myself these questions before ever having entered The Happy Rooster. After having finally patronized the establishment, I still have no answers.

My two friends and I recently sat down at a booth. The bar was full but the tables were empty. The cheapest thing on the menu was an $8 bowl of soup, at which point we asked for a bar menu. Our waiter informed us that although there was a bar menu, he would only allow us to order from it if we ordered additional items off of the dinner menu. 

My friends each ordered a bar item and a dinner item. I ordered a bowl of wings which seemed to displease our waiter. When he came back with our food, he shoved my leg aside with his foot so that he could get closer to the table. I am in a leg brace and I currently get around on crutches which were in plain view. I was shocked, he could have just asked me to move my foot.

Gastropubs feature a curated selection of top shelf beer. Dives feature an appropriate selection of moderately priced beer. The Happy Rooster features a random selection of overpriced, predominantly marginal beers. 

If it's a gastropub, then why is the beer selection so lacking? And if it's a dive, then why are the food and beer so overpriced? How can there be separate menus for the bar and tables when the restaurant is only ten feet wide?

If it's not a gastropub, is The Happy Rooster a gastrodive? And even if it is, how do you fail at being a dive bar?
From the bartender who alternated between space cadet and June Cleaver to the existentially mudane decor of its namesake cocks, each of the Happy Rooster's two diminutive bars recall a Lynchian waiting-room of euphoric dread.   

Into this atmosphere of nervous consumption, rare-as-unicorn cans of San Pellegrino Aranciata appear alongside more workaday mixers.  Astronaut Housewife suggests we try the shrimp and grits, or the trout.  Calamari and french fries are on short-term, deep discount. 

We pay for the sin of not heeding her suggestions with a greasy case of onion rings.
This place is the ABSOLUTE WORST. DO NOT EVER go here. The service is absolutely horrendous and the servers are full of nasty attitude. It's not even the sassy, sultry kind of attitude that most people would be okay putting up with. The servers here curse at you and snatch your things away and by the end of your meal you just want to backhand a bitch. 

My coworkers and I went for lunch on Thursday and they sat us in the back room next to the window. None of us had been there before and we were eager to try something new. The waitress, if you can call her that, brought us the menus and walked away. 10 minutes after she returned and took our orders, glaring at each person the entire time. (I'm not even exaggerating right now. She was actually rude from the beginning despite the lack of provocation). 

The food came quickly since the restaurant wasn't busy, and the meal was fine because no one came to check on us. When we were ready to get the check, our waitress snatched the plates and nearly hit us in the face. When she brought out the checks, she slammed them in front of us. However she had mixed up the checks so I took them to her to ask her politely to fix it. I handed it to another girl because it looked like our waitress was busy, but she literally ran across the room to snatch it away from me. She snapped "that wasn't for you guys to help yourself to," referring to the checks she had just given us as she stormed back to our table. 

She then went back and split one of the checks so that it was corrected, and we gave her our cards. However when she ran them, she mixed them up again. Instead of arguing with her, I paid the entire tab which was $5 more than what it was supposed to be even though it wasn't mine, and wrote "you ran this wrong. I didn't leave a tip because you already charged me 40% more than what I should have been charged. Horrible service" She saw me writing and said sarcastically "oh you're writing a note? That's nice" before wrenching it from my hand before I could finish. She read the note as I got up to leave and yelled "Seriously? Don't give me that attitude" to which I responded calmly, "your service is horrible. You're the one with the attitude and you work in the service industry." She then slammed the door in my face as I called her a bitch and a few passerbys look on from the street.

My friends and I are generous tippers and kind people. I usually tip 20% unless service is bad, then I tip 15%. But I've never before left nothing. I have personally worked at a restaurant so I know how difficult it is for waitresses, so I've developed a good nature and a high threshold for rudeness. But I have never encountered anyone like her. I wish I were exaggerating about her but unfortunately all of this is true. 

I've dealt with long waits and impatient servers, but never someone like her. Absolute worst experience at any restaurant ever. 

we are NEVER going back

BTW her name is Jocelyn, so beware.
This review proves two things: I'm a New Yorker long jaded by high drink prices, one, and two, honest people do still exist in this world!

Late on Memorial Day night, the beau and I stepped out for our usual Philly tradition: drinks and some late night cookies at Insomnia Cookies. We didn't feel like wandering too far from the Sofitel area (he's handicapped and we were both pretty tired from walking around all day), nor did we feel like dressing up and going to one of the Rittenhouse Square area's fancier cocktail bars. The Happy Rooster seemed to fit our preference pretty well: It was close to Sofitel and we could just roll in wearing our jeans and t-shirts. In we walked to a dark place that put forth a bit of a divey yet homey vibe. (I saw that in a very complimentary sense.) I felt very comfortable in there. True to it's names, there were cocks all over the walls! (Well, roosters, if I can be less coy.) I really enjoyed the decorations! As for drinks, there was a full menu and a kind bartender. We both went simple: rum and ginger ale. It was a good stiff drink without bowling me over completely! That's all I wanted, so I was a happy camper. We sipped drinks as we watched a basketball game on the screen and listened to U2 songs in the background.

Upon leaving, I looked at the tab: $23 for two rum and gingers. Ehhh. What's an $11+ dollar drink to a New Yorker? We paid the tab, left the tip, and strolled on our merry way back to our hotel. Not a minute later did we hear someone running up behind us. Naturally startled, I turned around...and it was our bartender! "So sorry," he explained. "I gave you the wrong tab. Your bill should have only been $15 dollars." He handed us over change! Surprised, we thanked him honestly and immensely! I know some people that work in the restaurant and bar industry that, in similar situatations, have "ignored" the mistake and reeped the benefits of it. This bartender was honest, and we were both so shocked yet pleased! That gesture alone is enough to make me want to come back here next time in in Philly for a drink, hell, even a bite! (I heard the food is pretty good, too.)
My sister: this is the worst meal I've had in two years.

This review is a reminder to myself (and to the world) that the food here is just not good. And it's overpriced. Just avoid it for food. I've eaten here several times and I've always been disappointed. The gyro-meh, the octopus- more meh, the lobster bisque- cold and meh, the pork belly-downright not good. The Lobster Mac was passable but it should be for that price. Everything looks like it would be good but it's just not. 

The bar is lively but last time I was there it was filled with lots of obnoxious bros who looked like they got lost on their way to Ladder. 

Service is slow and not that friendly.

There are better places in Philly.
Food was decent but the service was HORRENDOUS!

My friend & I walked in for happy hour and we ordered two beers at the bar. We took a look around and noticed that there wasn't any seating at either of the bars so we took a chance and sat down at one of the tables. We figured if it was for only those who are eating dinner, then we'd be told that and we'd get up. We were approached by the waitress (I wish I knew her name) and at that moment, we decided to order an appetizer to munch on while we drank our beers. She points at our beers and says "for future reference, there is table service."  Before we could even utter an apology, she stormed away. After getting the menu, we decided to share a plate of guacamole. The waitress looked at us as if she was offended that we only ordered one small app.  After ordering, she never spoke to us, never followed up with us, pretty much ignored us for the entire time. We noticed that she would serve water to anyone who sat down, except for us. She would ask everyone else at the tables if they were ok, if they needed anything else, the usual stuff that a waiter/waitress would ask. We got nothing! She, then, proceeds to take our plate of guac away before we were even done!! I mean, c'mon!!!! We tried to get her attention so we could pay the bill and leave, but since she wasn't giving us the time of day, we went to the bar and asked the bartender. Our waitress was standing nearby so she looks at us and goes "I'll take that, it's my tab." My friend told her that we were trying to get her attention as she walked by us 10x but she wouldn't look at us. The waitress comes back to my friend and asks "what did you just say?" standing nose to nose with my friend.  I'm sorry, but I have NEVER been treated so terribly in my life. I worked in customer service, in the food industry at that, back in high school so I get that the job can be frustrating but you work for your tip and I'm not so sure what her issue was. I will never go back to this establishment!
I was sitting at Marathon  Grill today with my boyfriend, and reminiscing about the strange experience we had eating across the street at Happy Rooster about 6 months ago. I don't know if it has changed since then, but this is what happened:

We were in Center City looking for a couch on a Saturday evening. Said couch store was close. Of course, my thoughts then progressed to wanting a beer. A nice cold one. Now. So we walked into the Happy Rooster thinking cool looking old school dive-y bar. Probably a solid place to order a beer and a burger. Sat down, asked what they have on draught. NOTHING?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Not acceptable. But, because I have a soft heart and refused to just get up and leave, I ordered a beer in a bottle. Then came the menus. This dive bar in the middle of Center City didn't have anything under 15 bucks on the menu. And no burgers, no sandwiches, just fancy entrees. Not acceptable. So bf and I ordered off the menu because we felt bad, he had some weird egg and caviar dish and I had mussels. Our total bill was like 60 bucks. Not acceptable. 

This place oozes contradiction so be forewarned, DO NOT GO HERE EXPECTING BAR FOOD OR DRAUGHT BEER. Unless it has changed over the past 6 months. 

I give it two stars because the service was friendly and the mussels were OK.
If your looking for a restaurant with a bunch of pictures of roosters. You have found the place.
I've fallen down the stairs to use the bathroom in this place more times that I care to admit. Including last night.   It's also super expensive for a shitty little hole in the wall place.   Which I guess is why there's an older crowd there.  

That said the people make it cool.   Staff is awesome and friendly.  It's become my regular karaoke haunt.
I can't give a good review for a place where you get the look of shame and scowl for asking for a mixed drink at the bar when the bartender only wants to get you a beer.  Lots of people here on a Friday night all appearing to have a good time.  Crowded and difficult to get through, my friend and I quickly downed our drinks which weren't that good (probably because the bartender did not want to make them), paid for them and left a nice tip anyway, and ended up leaving unhappy from The Happy Rooster.
This rooster is NOT happy and NOT friendly!! And this rooster has ridiculous expectations for drink prices!!

Get a bartender who smiles. YIKES.
If possible I would've probably given no stars or 1/2 star at max. My four friends and I went to the happy rooster to get quick brunch and when we arrived we were told to choose a booth. The room was almost empty, there was one other group there.

After being seated the waitress told us there was a slight wait since other groups had come in. We ordered our food almost right away and then we waited. Our wait ended up being over an hour for food. OVER AN HOUR for very simple to make breakfast food. And none of the staff bothered to tell us that this was the waiting time.

In the time we were there I saw three groups come in, sit down at a booth, then get up and leave without ordering. I wish I had noticed whatever tipped them off, then I wouldn't have wasted an hour and a half of my life for mediocre brunch.
This could be a great bar....nice cozy place, good food etc....HOWEVER...
The female bartender in the afternoon is the most miserable bartender you will ever encounter anywhere. She makes it apparent that she doesn't want to be bothered waiting on you. Apparently no one ever told her the service industry is based on service...as are her tips....she is the worst bartender I've ever encountered anywhere,  and because of that will not be going back.
I have joyously patronized the Happy Rooster for two decades.   Today, however,  the restaurant fell down on the job and made me an extremely unhappy chick.   Our waiter explained that a new chef is manning the kitchen, which is an unacceptable explanation for a colossally disappointing chicken Caesar salad and the elimination of a menu stalwart:  The chicken cheesesteak.   More about the Caesar:  Just three weeks ago, apparently under the prior regime, I lunched on the generously-portioned chicken Caesar.  It included a sauteed breast of chicken atop a full dinner plate of romaine and the platonic ideal of Caesar dressing.  Today's salad included perhaps three ounces each of chicken and lettuce dressed with an insipid dressing, which had both sweet and dill undertones.  Neither flavor belongs in a Caesar dressing.  Ever.  The Rooster needs to restore the former incarnation of the Caesar as well as the chicken cheesesteak (another long-standing favorite of my lunch buddies).   I will give the Rooster one chance to redeem itself.   If it fails again, then a long association will simply come to an end.   Philadelphia has so many great places to lunch and dine that there is no reason to patronize a restaurant that fails to achieve its potential.
Worst restaurant experience in years. BE CAREFUL! The food wasn't horrible, but what was extremely infuriating was the rudeness of the owner. I left some valuables behind at the restaurant after dinner and the manager assured me that my stuff was "safe in the back". The next day I go back to the restaurant and my stuff is gone. The owner brushes me off, says "we'll look into it, we have cameras," then never bothers looking into anything, never bothers returning my calls, and never even attempts to apologize that my belonging were stolen. I get that it's my fault I left possessions behind, but the treatment I got from this restaurant after my mistake guarantees that I am never recommending this place to anyone ever again. WATCH OUT FOR YOUR BELONGINGS AT THIS PLACE!
Stopped in today with a group of about 10 folks.  The place was empty (only one other couple eating lunch at a table).  The lone bar tender had the worst attitude ever (coming form an Irishman, I've been in a lot of bars in my time).  She rolled her eyes the minute we walked in.  She never smiled.  She disappeared to the basement for long periods and returned with a complete attitude.  I wanted to buy a round of drinks for the whole bar and she rolled her eyes, huffed, and asked, "Are they going to tell me what they want?"  She clearly didn't want to be bothered with customers and presumably wanted hang around and play on her phone I guess.  Worst service ever.  For a place called The Happy Rooster, there is nothing happy about the hen behind the bar.
We came in for dinner at 7:30 on a Saturday night, and should have realized our mistake when we saw there was only one table with guests.  We ordered 2 sandwiches and a bruschetta, which doesn't sound complicated, but had to remind the waitress 45 minutes later that we were still waiting for our food.  The good news is that the three servers who were working had plenty of time to enjoy a snack at one of the many empty tables while we waited.  When the food finally arrived, the bruschetta tasted like pure garlic on soggy toast, the crab cake sandwich was fishy and stale, and the club sandwich was actually pretty good.
The bar seems to be a decent place, but the owner started making a scene kicking sober people out for no reason 15 minutes before closing time.  She seemed intoxicated or on drugs and was being very rude and obnoxious. "I am the owner, get the f***out."  The wait staff and bartender seemed afraid to contradict anything.  

I would not recommend giving this person any business because of her callous attitude towards her customers.
My GF and I walked into the Happy Rooster completely on a whim for Sunday Brunch. what a surprising spot! First, it wasn't crowded, which was delightful to a seasoned Sunday Bruncher. The bar area is covered in ecletic knick-knacks and stained glass. Their menu, at first, also seemed eclectic, but on perusing further it made a lot of sense. I had the chorizo hash with 2 eggs sunny side up--good, but a little greasy. It would make EXCELLENT hangover food. My GF had the marinated skirt steak with potatoes and eggs and it was SO GOOD. I also had a Bloody Mary, which was pretty good--on the strong side and with a lot of horseradish.

The bathrooms are pretty nifty too. GO! to the Happy Rooster.
Wow the owner decided yell at my brother and I who were sitting at the bar just having a drink without bothering anyone.  She said we had to get out and threw our drinks on the floor for no reason.  We ask the bartender if she was really the owner and both of them just walked away like they didn't want to get involved.  DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE.
Had a very disappointing dinner at the (un) Happy rooster last night.  The gyro had a few slices of cold lamb (?) instead of the usual ground, spicy and HOT lamb stuffed into the average gyro.  Even the standard street version is tastier!  Place was close to empty and the service was rude.  How do they stay in business?
I try not to give negative reviews on Yelp, but I feel like Philly restaurants needs to start getting feedback from customers about "rules." 

This place is fine for having some drinks - a bit pricey, but a great atmosphere. It's also been around forever. 

That being said, they have a rule that you cannot sit at a table unless you are ordering dinner. Since there were no bar seats available and multiple open tables, this seemed bizarre. So, I had to quickly decide if I wanted to eat or not. (This is really a silly policy to enforce on a Monday night at 9pm.)

I wanted a snack, but given the rules and all, we had to order food. It was mediocre at best and overpriced. (The lobster bisque was just gross - it was lukewarm and had started to congeal on top.)  Plus, I felt as though we were just renting a table for the evening. Staff was inattentive.

Fine for drinks and maybe bar snacks, but dinner is not their strength.
Quirky corner bar with worn leather booths. Staff was friendly enough, but not as welcoming to non-regulars as one would think. Service was prompt. 

Got the Rooster Burger, which wasn't anything spectacular. It had too much bun for the amount of burger and the bun was rather dry. The fries were skinny and overly salted. My date got the buffalo shrimp, which he said were tasty (how hard is it to mess up buffalo anything?). $3 per shrimp with no sides seems steep tho. 

The beer and dark and stormy were good enough. Alcohol is probably the strong suit here. 

I can't see myself recommending this place or returning.
The wine we had was good but apparently there was a juke box battle going on between the owner and someone else so the rest of the crow was subjected to songs stopped halfway, yelling at one another, and whatever terrible music either one of them was choosing...
The Happy Rooster is a place that I'm always passing by but have never managed to stop into until recently. I've been taking my runs down by center city lately, and, wouldn't you know it, the last few times I've been there I've had to have at least a couple of beers.

Their outdoor seating is kind of tight, given their location, but it's great for people watching. The bar itself is very nicely decorated and has a kind of old school alehouse feel. Their happy hour specials are standard for the area, and the only thing they seem to be missing is a selection of taps. Their bottle list makes up for that unless you're particularly discerning.

The service was friendly if a bit on the slower side. Maybe it was the fact that I was in cut-off sleeved underarmor and running shorts with sweat streaming down my face. If so, my bad.

I haven't tried any of the food yet, and given the context that I regularly find myself visiting, I likely won't have more than a snack. But, overall, the place is a solid spot to relax, catch up with a friend, and people watch over a beer or two.
We came here on a whim for lunch today because the Oyster House down the street was supposedly having special lobster rolls for $15 but they ran out after less than an hour so we missed it.  By seemingly happy coincidence, the Happy Rooster was just steps away and also advertised a lobster roll for about the same price as one normally runs at Oyster House ($23 at Happy Rooster vs $26).

My dining companions had their hopes way up for a summery lobster roll so they decided to order some here even though it 's a pretty steep price for a lunch sandwich.  I settled on the veggie burger for lack of other options not containing cheese as an integral ingredient or too pricey to justify for a weekday lunch.  It of course arrived with the cheese I had asked them to omit, so they whisked it away and brought out a new one very quickly - my guess is they scraped off the caramelized onions and cheese and just added new onions.  No biggie, I'm not a vegan just a lactard.  It was edible, but not exactly yummy.  The outside of the patty had a nice crust but inside was very mushy but the flavor was tolerable.  The brioche bun is was served on was texturally appropriate but the whole combination felt like a mouthful of bready mush.  The fries were OK, definitely frozen.

But oh, that lobster roll made me so sad.  I'm from Maine, born and raised, and let me tell you I've had a whole lot of lobster rolls in my day.  Up there you can get them at roadside shacks for $10 and they put this one to shame.  The lobster chunks, while plentiful enough to sort of justify the price tag, were much too large.  There was way too much mayo and not enough salt.  I like my lobster rolls made with a dash of celery salt which would have helped overcome the overabundance of mayo.  Save yourself the disappointment and $23, don't bother with this item.

In fact, probably don't bother with this place at all.  The menu was limited, lacked imaginative or appealing options, and was surprisingly expensive for the dive-bar atmosphere.  If you really must try for yourself, please watch your knees when sliding into a booth- I have a knot the size of an egg on my knee where I bashed it on the table support that takes up entirely too much real estate under the table.
My experience at the happy rooster was extremely brief. My friends and I walked in, sat at a horribly cramped booth near the bar, looked a the draft list, saw that the yards brawler was listed as 7 dollars! And left. All their other beers were way way overpriced as well.

P.s the brawler is a 4 dollar beer. 5 at most!

P.p.s the server and bartender seemed nice, I never just leave a place, but as we did the bartender gave us the " yeah I know, I understand" look" 

I am not cheap. But. Don't want to have to pay for something I don't need to
Watched the owner call a woman a cunt during a political argument on election night.  All my coworkers agree, never again.
I've sampled their food but not had a full meal. But I look forward to doing so. The ingredients were fresh and tasty.
We decided to forgo the insane crowds of Sips-happy folks at Zavino, Nodding Head, Oyster House, Ladder 15...and finally stopped into the Happy Rooster. Definitely an institution in my book - my grandfather spent many a happy hour here when he worked at Liberty Place and I have been a couple of times during some booze-filled evenings. As I understand it, it's changed hands a few times recently. 

The space is tiny but cozy. We had great service as well. I am surprised about the lack of drafts and the beer list wasn't exactly cheap (most were $7-8) or inspired. I stuck with a glass of house white (also not inexpensive at $8). A cocktail with Stoli was $9 (and tiny). 

Complimentary bread was pretty standard. I know that everything is NOT going to be JG Domestic's warm parker house rolls. 

The chilled red pepper and tomato soup was absolutely delicious. Seriously, I wanted to order another bowl to take home. Great flavor and a kick! 

Beer batter fried pickles. Oh my word. These are bread and butter pickles and frying them was seriously inspired. I love the slices, not the spears, and these are tasty. 

This is probably one of the rare times in which I've ordered a burger medium rare and it IS medium rare. It's a big burger - topped with bacon-onion jam and cheddar. I wish the cheddar was a thick slice. It looked like it was sprinkled, which was...odd. Bacon onion jam was pretty baller though. 

I tend to forget this place is here, which is sad. I need to come back more often!
I was invited here for lunch and I was not a fan.  The prices were so high.  I figured if they were cocky enough (ha ha, get it?) to ask $16 for a turkey club, then maybe they would deliver the best lunch around.  

Not the case.  I ordered the chicken pot pie and it was a flaky crust laid on top of a salty filling.  Worst was, we were sat in the back and so the drinks were not quickly refreshed.  It made for an unpleasant situation.

Service was lacking.  Decor was lacking.  Salt was not lacking.  Never again.
I really, really, really wanted to give Happy Rooster more stars - especially since I know the chef - and his family and he is a really great guy and has re-vamped the menu.

The menu itself is very nice - we especially enjoyed the asparagus app - with a luscious poached egg on top and truffle-infused pecorino cheese (Oh yes, and Bacon.).  It harkened to a traditional French preparation - with a lemony twist.

I also really liked the house-made gnocchi, but the oxtail on top of it was very oily (even moreso - and yes, i know - oxtail is not a "light and healthy choice".)  That said, they offer an app & entree portion and I should have gotten the smaller app portion.  I took about 1/3 of it home.  It was very tasty.  (Just a wee bit oilier than I'd like.)

My friend had the (again house-made) agnolloti - which were good, but not spectacular.  After eating the asparagus salad - the sauce for the agnollotti (which also has butter and lemon in it) seemed a but redundant.  Maybe that was our fault for a bad ordering choice??  In any case, the fresh fava beans were EXCELLENT.  (I'm a fan of teeny-beanies!)  

The 2 (male) bartenders who also served us were prompt and couteous.  Alas, my chef-friend, had already left for the night - but he is doing a great job in turning this place around.

A vast improvement on the menu front.

Dinner for 2 ran us just over $50 - but we did not order drinks or dessert.  (Alas, no room for the home-made zeppole. )  Maybe next time.
Rude, unfriendly bartender. $12.50 for a bottled Yuengling, really????
it's dark, small and cosy.  what more could i want?
the menu looks tiny, but they have a whole board of specials (and lots of it looked quite tasty)...and i settled for the chicken pot pie.  fresh, warm, and quite the nice buttery and flaky crust.  could have used a bit more veggies in there though!
the bartender was super friendly and a total straight shooter, who gave excellent advice on what to order.
if it were closer to my house, i'd be back again...but there are a few things that i would have liked (but perhaps others would not agree):
1. beer on tap, please.  somehow, i don't feel like i'm at a legitimate place unless if beer comes out of some sort of spigot.  
2. less people in ties, please.  although i showed up in scrubby sweatpants and a hoodie and felt completely comfortable, it would have been nice to see some more neighborhood-y looking folks!
3. music?
Until today, I'd only had drinks at the Rooster. Now I know why: the standard pub-type fare they serve is sort of overpriced. While I love the cozy, eclectic vibe, it seems sort of absurd to spend $20+ for lunch at a bar, and that's per person with no alcohol. The service is friendly if slightly inattentive (I had to wave the waitress over for a refill even though she was sitting five feet away facing my obviously empty glass, and we were the only patrons in the place). I have to give them props for actually delivering a medium rare burger to my table, since most places seem to think that when you say medium rare you really mean medium well. This is one of those places I'd come back to if someone I was with wanted to go, but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat there otherwise.
Stopped in to grab a drink after a show...saw some stuff on Yelp and figured I'd check it out.  A little creepy at first, as we were the only customers in the place, but service was warm; beer selection was a little thin...Bass was the best on the menu.

About 10 minutes later, a bunch of regulars dropped in and the charm of the place came to light; people plopped down to watch TV together and chat...I couldn't tell who was an employee and who was a customer, as they swapped places behind the bar a few times.

Seems like a place that could easily be a 'local'...not my cup of tea though.
Hate this place. The bartender ignored me for 5 minutes then mocked me when I ordered. I couldn't believe it. We sat at a table and he came over 3 separate times asking for the check. He wanted his tip. He sucks. In the words of Beyoncé....'boy bye'
Word of wise for the owner, please consider adding an allergen warning and/or statement to your menu.

Yesterday I ordered the spicy fried chicken wrap -as you can see from the photo, there was no mention of peanut butter as an ingredient. It wasn't until I was half way through the sandwich that it became clear to me that peanut butter was in the sauce. 

Also, the sauce and the title of the sandwich are extremely misleading, there was nothing spicy about this sandwich. 

I won't be returning!
My girlfriend and I were visiting from New York and having a great time at the bar. We were talking to locals from Philly and everyone was great. Out of nowhere some blonde lady slams open the bathroom door and pushes a stool into my girlfriend. She proceeds to say she is upset at how the bathroom looked (which had nothing to do with us because we did not use their bathrooms) and continues to aggressively throw stools around in her direction. I saw what occurred and stepped up instantly to see what the issue was. The blonde lady in her late 50s walks back up and says "I'm the owner, I do what I want" we were visibly confused. After us not responding she says "what're you gonna do? Leave a bad Yelp review?" Clearly she's had these situations in the past. I had no intention of writing this, but I'm glad she gave me the idea. I canceled my next order of drinks, paid my tab, and left. DO NOT GIVE YOUR MONEY TO THIS WOMAN.... If I could give zero stars I would. "Owner" tried to also bribe us w free drinks, but it was too late. Absurd, ludicrous, unimaginable situation. I would avoid at all costs. My first review ever, trying to help the general public.
This place serves quintessential drunk food...you know, for those times when you show up to dinner already trashed and needing to eat copious amounts of French Fries with mayo and ketchup. No seriously...the servings of fries here are huge, and the fries them selves are pipping and fresh. They're of medium build, medium grease factor, medium soft and medium crunchy. 

The fried pickles are pickle spears fried. It's hard to discern whether I loved them because they were fried pickles, or because I love pickles, and I love fried. Throw them together, it's love again.

The beet salad is a wonderful treat that makes you feel a little less unhealthy...or it does until your friend points out that the beets were probably marinated in butter.
food was so badly prepared - slopped on a plate. burger was 1/3 the size of the bun. waitress didn't even bring a glass for expensive beers. and the booths are so low to the ground and so uncomfortable we couldn't get out of there fast enough.
Horrible! $9 drinks? Karaoke guy is an a$$hole!  We were the first two people there. After I sang, we left after an hour of waiting for my friend's turn. Meanwhile he sang four songs, played a couple of songs, and put people who came in later before my friend. When questioned, he said "Oh I don't have that one". Huh? It's in the book and very common. Then when we switched songs, he still had her at the back of the line. Weird crowd of 1982 yuppies. The single greatest disappointment ever!
Thursday night Karaoke is the best!! My friend and I went a while back and sang our hearts out! My friend, an Israeli American with a thick accent, sang "Pass The Dutch" and knew all of the words. It was hilarious. I sang "The Great Beyond" and made everyone sad. Then some up paced songs were next. All and all, it was a great night! Of course we staggered home after the many drinks we had consumed! He thinks they should change the name to "The Gay Cock". What do you think?
I used to come here often a few years ago.  I eventually stopped because I had enough of the high prices and bad attitude. Mostly with the bad attitude.  A recent visit and a quick scan of the delightfully colorful adjectives used elsewhere in the reviews shows that unfortunately this is still the case.  I'm no stranger to no-nonsense spots where the help can come across as crass, but "devil woman" "waitress is miserable" and "pretentious" are all accurate representations here. As a matter of fact, if you notice, the only time the bartender is complimented is when it's the guy.  It's enough to ruin your night if you foolish enough to care.  Others have mentioned that this place has an identity complex, and I couldn't agree more.  It's divey in the wrong sense, and hoity-toity in the wrong sense.  It's the worst of both worlds. There are too many excellent places around here to give these guys a pass for this sort of behavior.  McGlinchey's by extreme contrast, also have bartenders that are known to be snarky and cliquish.  However once you get through that nasty, crusty exterior, you notice that it's quite a friendly spot.  Here it's the exact opposite.  Once you get through the polished looking exterior, confused fancy-pants food, and high prices,  you notice that it's actually rotten inside.
Happy Rooster seems like a solid bar with a laid back easygoing vibe.  We went to another bar first, but it was crowded, so we ended up here.  I appreciate that Happy Rooster wasn't too loud or too busy.  Vodka shots seemed really expensive though.  Might be better to stick with beer.
Happy Rooster has been around for decades and is a Philadelphia legend.
 "The Rooster" is a dark hideaway with no intention to conform .  Food is an accommodation not a feature and service is grim. The Happy Rooster lives on and preserves its tradition. 
ZOOMTIGER@comcast.net
From what I understand, this place is an institution.  At one point in time, this was THE (emphasis on the word THE) place to go to.  And it was said it's because people on the street can't see in through the windows, so you had your privacy when eating/drinking/schmoozing.

That being said, I will admit, for the first time in a public forum, that being a resident of the Philadelphia-area for almost 10 years, I have never had a Philly cheesesteak.  Never been to Pat's, never been to Geno's, never been anywhere else to try this Philadelphia staple food.  I've never had an interest.  Oh, I know all about them, but a cheesesteak doesn't sound too appetizing to me.  That was until I saw the CHICKEN cheesesteak on the menu here at the Happy Rooster.

Okay, okay you can stop booing me now for turning my back on the steak cheesesteak, not everyone is going to like everything, and I know I've never even TRIED one before, but the meat looks gross.  That's just me and my opinion and I'm sticking to it.  This may change at some point in time, but for now, no thanks.

Getting back to my chicken cheesesteak lunch.  The chicken was soft, not overcooked, the cheese was melty, gooey good. But what did it for me were the onions.  This place knows how to caramelize an onion.  They weren't burnt, they weren't too soft, they were perfect.  And there weren't too many of them on the sandwich to overwhelm the other flavors.

The presentation was nice, the fries were crunchy and it made for a good lunch.

It was kitschy and whimsical and a place that I would stop by again and try something else off of their menu.  Maybe if they added a beef cheesesteak...
Local neighborhood bar. Small, dark, perfect for a drink with your date or grab a booth with a 4some.  Random music in the background, friendly bartender...maybe the only place in rittenhouse square that doesnt have a scene and isnt trying to.

While your friends are dragging you to another trendy club in the area, drag them in here for a quick drink on the way and it will be the best drink of the night!
The food was decent, but the waitstaff is horrendous!!! This was by far the worst service I have ever received. My friends and I were treated so disrespectfully for literally no reason.  I will never be going back. Save your self the aggravation, and pick another spot to eat lunch.
The drinks are good but the food... Phenomenal! We sat at bar with bartender Desiree. Awesome bartender, kept us there enjoying ourselves. The chicken cheesesteak is delicious!!!!!!! The fries are to die for! We also shared the lobster roll and being from Maine, I was skeptical but when Desiree mentioned the owners visit Maine frequently I figured we should give it a shot - it was awesome!
I used to love this place.  What happened?!?!?  The fact that they have NO DRAFT BEERS really burns me up.  What the heck.  Also, the last time I visited, the waiter was pretty surly for no apparent reason.  If you don't like your job, it's not my fault.  Frankly, I would give this place one star, but the food there (fried pickles!) can be pretty decent.  And the bottled beers that they do have are decent.
I've been to the Happy Rooster a handful of times. Always had a pretty positive experience. But needed to give a warning: don't order an old fashioned. Apparently making this drink is beneath the older, male, blonde bartender in the back room. He will tell the other people sitting at the bar that this is the "douchiest drink you can order."

No sir. I could have ordered:
Sex on the Beach
A Grasshopper
A Virgin Cosmopolitan
A Citywide Special, hold the shot
"This lemon thing I got in New York. Do you know what I'm talking about? *giggle*"
Kamikaze shot
Fuzzy Nipple

People who order those drinks are assholes. We should stand united against them. Don't get pissy about an old fashioned.

It wasn't out of line. We still left a tip, cause people have bad days and shouldn't miss rent because of that, but I hope that attitude isn't a regular thing. I've brought family and friends here before including this time and probably won't again.
Happy Rooster has a dark, rustic French atmosphere on the inside.  It's pretty small and cramped.  Three friends and I went  there one Friday evening for a few drinks and to check it out.  Sad to say, it wasn't a good time.

First, the booth where we sat was so small that I had to sit with my legs out in the aisle.  The beer only comes in bottles, and the selection is fairly limited for such a great beer city as Philadelphia.  We ordered the fries, and they were pretty bad for the price.  They're the same kind that you buy from the supermarket for $1.00 for a 32oz. bag.    The beer was also overpriced.  And, to top off all of that, the wait staff was very arrogant and dismissive.  I didn't enjoy it at all.  It might be good for a date if you're looking for a dark, 'cozy' place.  If you're looking for a good place to hang out on a Friday evening, there are dozens better places in the city.
Was here on a saturday night, and the place had a great crowd and atmosphere. The selection is nothing special, but if you're looking for a good corner bar to have a few drinks I'd highly recommend it.
This place was perfect for one of the first times I have ever gone to a bar for a beer by myself.  While waiting to go to dinner with some friends, I decided to bide some time by checking out Happy Rooster.  

Their beer list is good, however their happy hour deals are not the best.  Discounts on beer were delegated to blegh domestic beers, like Miller Lite.  Whereas I am certain that other happy hours in the area have great specials for local craft beers.  Nonetheless, I settled down with a Kenzinger and prepared to feel awkward.

After a non-creepy gentleman struck up a conversation with me, I realized that the lone beer drinking experience isn't so bad as long as the bar is semi-divey and there is at least ONE other lone drinker available for conversation.

Before I knew it, I had finished my beer and was on my way.

Done and done.
Seth the bartender is awesome! Love that guy! Any guy who can make a good drink while singing every song on the playlist is amazing!!! Love this spot. Cozy & chill on a Thursday night with good friends!!!!
it's small and dark and the chairs are thick leather so you'll feel important.

my dad always told me that it's the kind of place that a man would take his mistress, and as i'm typing this, i'm wondering why he thought that.

shit.
Always wanted to try this place and now I can say I have and never return. The short of it: overpriced poorly made food and drinks. 

We ordered fried sweetbreads, a Niçoise salad, mini burger and maple hot wings. We also ordered a Tom Collins and other less complicated drinks. Most did not go as planned. 

I didn't know that sweetbreads were the thalamus gland of animals so I couldn't eat it once I did learn that but that was probably the best thing we got.

The salad has five ingredients (if you count lettuce) and two of them were missing. The waitress/bartender was so busy it was difficult to grab her to get what we needed. She also acted like I was crazy for asking for my green beans. And it was TINY. For 15$ I want a dinner sized salad not a side dish. 

The wings were all sweet, no hot and inedible. And the mini burger was an overpriced, overdone (ordered medium got well) slider. 

My Tom Collins was nothing like it was supposed to be. At all. It was a completely different drink. If you don't know how to make my drink, ask. Please. 

We left hungry, thirsty and with empty pockets, never to return.
Low key spot, with extremely quiet music - great for just hanging out and talking with your friends.  No beers on tap, only in bottle.  Sat at the back of the bar (after the dangerous waterless moat) and talked to my friends.  Good time, friendly bartender.  Even got to charge my phone!
I love Happy Rooster!  I love it because they have randomly incredible food.  I love it because they have excellent Bloody Mary's.  I love it because of its atmosphere.  But mostly I love it because of its food.  What can I say.  I like food.  Shocking I know.

But really, their food is excellent.  I've had a large variety of choices off of the menu, and they've all been fantastic.  And I was talking to my dad about this place the other day, and he says that even back in the 1780's when he was working in downtown Philadelphia (haha jussssst kidding...more like the 1910's.  Don't tell him I said that.) they had great food for extremely reasonable prices.  

So if you ever find yourself at the corner of 16th and Sansom and are about to walk into the gaudily present Marathon Grill across the street, and you by happen-chance look over and see this cute little sign that looks kind of old and kind of random, and you think, "hey!  I read that weird girl Liz's review of this place on that website" you should try it out.  Do it.  I dare you.  I double dog dare you.
Food was ok.  Installations were ok.  Service was ok.  Overall ok, nothing fancy, nothing worth mentioning except that service was quick.
A group of us decided to go out this Sunday after work to toast our manager who was transferring. It was quite empty when the 12 of us got there, but it slowly started to fill up.  There was only one bartender and there was no service for the tables. It started to get a little crazy for the bartender. I sort of figured out the guy sitting next to me watching the Eagles was either the manager or supervisor, he did pick up food and deliver it to the bartender. What kind of place does this happen in? How does the manager sit there watching TV when this girl is getting buried? Not impressed enough to make any of us go back. Too bad Happy Rooster owners:(....
The bartender in the back room ( blonde hair ) so rude wouldn't even look at us for over 10 minutes. Was so engaged in her friends.  We left.
There is absolutely nothing happy about this place. I have never been treated with less respect or happiness. We were rudely served one drink and did not see our waitress again until we sat with empty drinks for over 15 minutes. When we then ask for our tab she came back and threw it down on the table. I would absolutely never go back to this place. For an establishment in this area that caters to tourists I could not imagine any worse service.
The service wasn't great here - no one noticed when we came in or when we sat down and I had to ask for menus myself. But the mussels in white wine garlic sauce were good. The mussels were not chewy and the sauce was tasty. The garlic bread was burned, though. I didn't have a drink because I had a headache, so I can't comment on the drinks. All in all, it was an ok meal.
Service seems to have declined, or maybe it was not a good night. The server I had tonight was on their cellphone the entire time I was there, and it was hard to get any service. When she wasn't on her cellphone, she was eating mozzarella sticks at another table. Won't be back for awhile.
this place can get pretty cramped, not only because it's smaller but because it's  good place to get a drink.  beer menu is meh. more of an ambiance type of place.  haven't had their food (of what i can remember).
Convenient when you're bar hopping down in the city, but rude bartenders. Especially the middle aged woman who reminded me of an uglier Carla from Cheers.
To be fair, I've never had their Traditional Chicken Pot Pie before, but I have eaten many times in other food establishments, but this was foul. (near spoiled) could be way to much of an herb, maybe thyme, did not see any in the dish. For me not to eat something, it has to be inadequate. I complained, they took it off my bill.  No manager or chef in sight. 

The burger was WAY better.

Service was poor.
Came for an after work drink / bite with the GF and a co-worker.

The baked bree was pretty good but I think the guacamole was cut with excessive sour cream or something.  

We each ordered the Rooster burger at different temperatures.  All three came out well done, dry, and unappealing.  The fries were ok.

The waitress seemed annoyed the whole night; she was short with us and had a very rude interaction with the table next to ours.

Other then the waitress, it's probably a fine place to drink, but I don't think Ill eat here again.
Lunch; roast beef sandwich and a chicken salad.  Did not eat the chicken salad....too dark, looked and tasted old.  Roast beef poor to fair, I've had better frozen Banquet roast beef.  French descriptions do not improve quality.  It's been twenty years since I used to frequent this place.  I suppose nothing stays the same.  Dusty wall hangings, dirty floor.  What once was quaint is now just nasty.
Stumbled into this tiny, perfectly dark and cozy bar on my first visit to Philly. My boyfriend and I had just tried to get into Monk's, settled for Warsaw, and needed a friendly drink (or seven) before facing the hotel bar.  The Happy Rooster hit the spot. We quickly found ourselves chatting with a local fella who good-naturedly told us that our town (Boston) sucks, and that Matt Damon ruined us. "How do you like 'dem apples?"

Also, I would like to personally thank AND admonish the wisecracking bartender for keeping a fresh beer in front of each of us at all times. Hungover Rooster, perhaps?
I was here with a large group Saturday night for a bday party. There was a nice bar in the back that we were able to spread out in. And the bartender was very nice and attentive. Only issue I have is $5 for Miller Lite and other cheap beers. I thought that is a little much but it probably has to do with the location. I didn't have any food there. I wouldn't exactly call it a dive. Plus, if I am at a true dive, I don't expect Miller Lite to be $5 and $10-$11 for mixed drinks.
If you don't understand The Happy Rooster for what it is then you probably wouldn't enjoy it. It's a tiny martini bar before they became cool. It's like an early  Playboy magazine idea of where executives and lawyers, at the very end of their careers,  would go to have a scotch-the-rocks or two or three before catching the R-5 home. Take your secretary here for lunch for her birthday if she is a little too New Jersey for the Union League. If you have gobs of inherited money and a pile in Haverford, do you really care how much the appetizers cost? Superb place to get quietly smashed afer work. Just don't forget your briefcase on the way out. And the sidewalk on 16th st is really narrow- especially after a few stiff ones.
Here's what I love about the Happy Rooster:  Despite its Rittenhouse locale, this establishment still maintains its 'everybody knows your name' essence. It was my first time there, but the rest of the patrons knew each other and, from what it seems have semblance of a little family.  

Drinks are drinks.  

Decor was fun.  I'm a sucker for spanish tile.
The first word that comes to mind to describe this place is 
OVERPRICED!

I stopped in here on a Fri night with some friends to grab a bite and some beers. As I browsed the extremely disappointing beer list, the first thing that caught my eye was that they were charging $5.50 for a Budweiser and $6-$7 for everything else! I had to look around for a moment to confirm that I wasn't in a swankier place. I expect to see those prices at places like Morimoto or Amada but at the Happy Rooster??? Come on.
After sitting at a table in the back room for awhile with no sign of any attempt to offer us service, I finally went up to the bar and ordered a 6 dollar bottle of beer and the gnocchi with braised oxtail. When the gnocchi came out I was extremely disappointed yet again. The portion size was very small, even for the appetizer size that I ordered. My friend ordered an entree size of pasta and his portion was pretty damn small, too. For the whopping $17 that he paid, it should have been twice the size.
I will give credit where credit is due....
The gnocchi with braised oxtail, raisins and pine nuts was delicious. Also, there was a guy who seemed to be the manager or owner that would check up on us every now and then. He was very friendly and tried to be accommodating.

I think if the Happy Rooster reinvented themselves as a real pub, something along the lines of a dive bar, with a better beer selection, pubfare menu, and more reasonable prices they could be quite successful. For now, they're just not cutting it. There are plenty of better bars in this city.
I always enjoy my visits to HR. They offered a great choice of vegetable options on my last visit and I enjoyed them all. I left feeling comfortably full and guilt-free. Shane the bartender is w true gentleman and was very helpful. I enjoyed the atmosphere of the back room which is also wheelchair accessible.
Four stars is kind of a guess. My friends and I have been here a few times, and every time we have one thing we do: We buy a round of car bombs, sit right near the door, slug them down, and slosh out the door.

I really have nothing else to say. They make a good car bomb?
We had a wonderful, cozy, staff party in the Happy Rooster's back room on a Friday in December 2010. The food was great, the owner was easy to work with, and the staff was flexible and responsive. Pricing was a huge concern for us, and we got "niiiiice" for the price of "nice." =)

As a bonus, Chef Jason helped us focus the menu (passed appetizers only) before the party and really delivered the night of the event.  Very tasty food. Do not pass on the lobster roll, candied bacon, or Gruyere Puff. (To. Die. For.)

Tip: This place has changed owners a couple of times recently, so look at the most recent reviews as a true representation of what's going on there now!
Only had drinks here in the back bar area. We were the only people in the back bar. Very nice bar & nice and cool while outside is about 90 degrees
This is one of my favorite bars in Philly just because of the quiet ambiance and smaller size. Great place to bring a date or just enjoy whatever game is on TV. $3 lager at happy hour and chili cheese fries. Nice.
Despite the fact that my friend, and most-trusted yelper, Melissa P. absolutely wrecked this place in her review, I totally dug it.

That said, I didn't order any food--just went for drinks while waiting for some seats to open up at the Oyster House.

But as a bar, I found the Happy Rooster to be quite refreshing. A divey, no-nonsense joint smack in the middle of a ever-annoying trendy block of Sansom.

Good beer, solid bartender, interesting people, no discernible hipsters. I'll go back.
Stopped here for a quick drink after missing my train.  Very divey bar, especially considering the location  Inside could use about $50k of renovations.  Staff was attentive but made an error on my drink order.  They only had bottles/cans, nothing on tap.  Maybe the food is good, but certainly are much, much better spots to grab a beer.
Unhappy Rooster- visiting from out of town, looked like a cute and cozy spot when we walked by. Decided to give it a try and walked in and there weren't any bar spots available and all tables had a reserved sign placed on them. We were getting ready to walk out when nice customers offered us their seats because they were leaving. While we were waiting for the customers to gather their things and leave, we noticed a lady serving wine from behind the bar and an officer waiting with a $20 bill out. The lady behind the bar serving glasses of wine never said a word to us until after 5 minutes we had been seated at the bar top. She said, "the bartender will be here shortly." We continued to wait and finally decided that we were waiting at a place with poor customer service. If an officer can't get served within 3 minutes, then there's bigger issues at this place. Too many bar options available in the area to be given poor service.
Nice place for drinks and small bites. The staff seems a little rude. Or maybe we just caught them at a bad night.

They did have some nice food specials on the board, will visit again next time I'm in Philly.
The Happy Rooster isn't a destination bar for me and probably will never be. Even so, it's a solid place to grab a drink and chat with friends.

The front room consists of a bar and several booths. It's pretty tight so it's a good place to hunker down versus move around the bar.  There's also a back bar which I've only see through the door between the front bar and back bar.

In my past experiences the bar service also tends to be pretty slow so it's not an ideal place for a quick drink. 

All and all, I've had some good times and will probably return at some point or another for a drink or two.
The only reason why I gave one star is because no stars was not an option. First off, this devil woman was serving us drinks and did not even know how to make a proper vodka and cranberry that was overpriced and watered down. I handed her $10 for a $9 and she kept my dollar that I did not intend on giving her. To put it simply, avoid this place if you are under 45.
I stumbled upon this place (literally) whilst out for a few beers. The decor inside is old fashioned and somewhat "divey"

Although there were no taps there was an extensive choice of beers. I'm not much of a cocktail drinker but the Orange crush I had here was great.

Although I can't pin point it, there was just something about this place I really liked.

I will be definitely coming here again.
I wandered into this place one night just after I moved back to Philadelphia.  I hadn't lived here since I was 18, so I didn't know many good bars in Center City yet, and I couldn't find the one bar where I wanted to go, since I was taking my former M.A. adviser, who was in town for a conference, out for a beer.  He's not picky about bars, so I saw the Happy Rooster and ducked inside, pretending that it was where I intended to take him all along.

I was pleasantly surprised when we got inside.  Although it was a crowded weekend night, we managed to get a small table.  The leather, brass, and dark wood decor is very appropriate for a little pub, and the beer was good.  The table was in a corner, so it shielded us from some of the din so we could actually hear one another talk.  We also got our drinks quickly, which was surprising because the place was so packed with patrons.  

I haven't eaten here, but I intend to at some point.  I hear it's got a great chef.
I came in for a drink and a bite with the wife the other night. Aside from the pretentious bartender, I had an excellent time!

We came in after work and fortunately there were a couple of spots next to each other at the bar. I had a victory seasonal winter beer which was fine and then ordered the fish tacos. The tacos were crispy and prepared the way that should be, with cabbage and white sauce on a corn tortilla. There was also a spicy salsa somewhere in there which was a bit hot. A little more than I would have liked. I generally enjoy spicy tastes  and thus have a higher than normal threshold for being turned off by something being too spicy. And usually when something is spicy enough to turn me off, there is some warning. No warning. So that was a surprise. And strange. So yeah if you are sensitive to spicy then yeah be careful. 

The wife had a lamb gyro that was pretty tasty. The lamb tasted fresh and there was a fantastic yogurt sauce. I would get that next time myself. So, I'll be back again at some point. If this place were in my neighborhood, I would be here every week. But for this neighborhood, it doesn't stand out THAT much. As I'm new to the city, especially center city, there is A LOT of other options to try. I mean, we'll see. The location is great.
THIS PLACE IS A RESTAURANT NOT A BAR...... My girlfriend and I had recently read a review of the food at the Happy Rooster and decided to give it a go.  We walked in and were seated right away in a booth by the window... this became a problem as i tried to lean back because there was no back to the booth and I almost fell out of the window.  On a lighter note, we each ordered a drink and some food and relaxed in the quaint, slightly dark atmosphere of the bar.  The music playing in the background was perfect for the mood.  I recently had a discussion about how I had never had grits before and when I saw shrimp and grits on the menu I had to give into my temptation.  SO GLAD I DID, the prawns were cooked perfectly over a bed of cheddar cheese and bacon grits that had me thinking about seconds.  For my first shrimp and grits experience this was a great one.  My gf had the pan seared Atlantic salmon which was a large portion over what seemed to be creamed corn.  I think this was the tastiest part of both dishes.  Needless to say I would go back for the food even though it may have been slightly overpriced for a bar.  I highly recommend both dishes.  Check it out and ask for a booth with two backs.
Excellent food. We loved the friendly neighborhood atmosphere and were thrilled when the food came and it was excellent.  We had the lobster roll and scallops followed by creme brûlée.    Highly recommend.
My husband and I had dinner here the other night. We have been here a few times for drinks, but not for food. We were missing out! 

I had a grilled Romaine salad with chickpeas to start and it was pretty awesome. Followed by the roasted chicken. The chicken was seasoned really well, but the mashed potatoes were phenomenal. 

My husband had a burger, and it looked really good. His fries were delicious too, and appeared to be homemade. 

I'm a fan, and I'll definitely be back again to try their disco fries!
Absurdly overpriced and unfortunately rude service. This may be the first yelp review I've ever written. I'm more than accepting with service mediocrity, I've been in the restaurant and bar industry for 10+ years. Unfortunately Happy Rooster you and your $8 Draft yuenglings served by rude bartenders will have to party on without me. I honestly can't reiterate how rare it is for me to leave a yelp review for this sort of thing. I'm assuming this bar stays open on tourist's dime, if you see this don't bother!
A lovely little place right near city hall, Happy Rooster has a personality all it's own.  The food may be a tad bit pricey, but once I got my food, the sticker shock wore off.  There are happy hour prices on drinks (house wine $5, for example).  I had the plain burger, but at $13 it is the best hamburger I ever had in my entire life, perfectly seasoned and cooked, served on a doughy, slightly sweet bun.  A treasure I'll return to next time I'm in Philly.
Wonderful experience!  Great food and nice & caring waitresses.  I had the pork-belly dish, and my boy friend had the shrimp dish.  They were great!  The shrimp was a bit salty side but still quite tasty.  I needed a bit more veggie for the pork-belly dish but no complaint about the pork itself.  Wine selection was nice, too!  We will definately go back.
