These type of seafood boil places are popping up everywhere.  My first taste of this was in DC and we loved the novel concept.  Later, they started popping up all over brooklyn and now i've seen a few in NJ (we tried one).  In Philly, there are a ton, so many that i couldn't decide on which one to go to.  
This place isn't as small as other reviewers led me to believe, but it was more of a no-frills establishment.
Complimentary popcorn was provided as you sit down.  we were given the typical gear for this type of place-a bib, gloves, wet naps.
We ordered the cajun wings.  Although the breading was good (flaky and crispy), there was no cajun flavor.

We ordered a lb of king crabs ($29) with cajun sauce and medium spiciness.  The king crab was meaty and really delicious but a lb only gets you about 3 legs.  It came with 1 corn.  
We also ordered the crawfish and shrimp combo with the Shake Sauce (cajun, lemon pepper, garlic butter all combined) in the spice level "spicy".  The sauce was really good, albeit a bit salty.  The  portion was decent.  it came with 1 corn and 1 potato.  I like the shrimp but i wasn't a fan of the crawfish. the corn and potato were really good but i am surprised they wouldn't throw in a few more.    
Overall, i like this place because the portions are a little more reasonable that the one i tried in NJ.
FIRST AND LAST TIME EVER EATING HERE. **UPDATE** PLEASE SEE THE RIDICULOUS RESPONSE FROM THE OWNER ACCUSING US OF EATING AN ORDER WE KNEW WAS WRONG. WE CAN SWEAR ON OUR LIVES THAT WE DIDNT KNOW UNTIL THE SERVER TOLD US. HORRIBLE RESTAURANT!!! DONT GO THERE! WE PAID FOR THE MESSED UP ORDER AND THIS IS THE RESPONSE WE GET. 

The food wasn't bad...but worst owner and management here. We ordered a combo of crab legs and mussels and were given shrimp and crab legs. We began eating it without realizing that it wasn't the combo we ordered. Shortly afterwards, the server tells us that we were eating the wrong order and brings over our order. Thinking it wasn't our fault so we took both bags. Mid way through the meal, the server then tells me that her boss is going to make her pay for the one order she messed up on, mind you it is $31 for the order she messed up on. So we speak to the manager and she said either the server pays or us, the customer pays. We didn't want the server to pay as it was an honest common restaurant mistake. The manager indicated that the server gets 15% off discount. I ask if we could take that discount and we'll pay for both combos. She said we could only get 15% for the one combo that was messed up. So we said, that's fine, we just honestly won't come back. Then she said we could have the discount for both bags. Regardless, at that point, we lost our appetite and didn't finish our meal. No matter how pleasant a meal can be, the fact that the owner and management is that cheap and stingy on their employees and customers, it's definitely not a place that we'll return or support.
Very good seafood by the pound restaurant here. The seafood is super fresh and the sauce is delicious. 10/10 would come here again. Or 5/5 as yelpers would put it. xD The price is also quite reasonable as well. It's actually much better than the crabby cafe that closed down in terms of the freshness and taste. I also really like the fact that they have a clams and mussels combo in which most places don't. The mussels were nice and meaty, not the tiny black ones. Clams were a good size too. The snow crab came with a lot of legs as well. Definitely getting your bang for your bucks.

I was craving onion rings that day and even the onion rings were really good. It was super crunchy and thin just the way I like it. Give this place a try if you're looking for seafood. You won't regret it.

They have a grand opening discount right now for 10% off. Gogogo~!
The Shake Seafood was okay. I think it maybe a matter of personal preference, but the "hype" about this place didn't quite live up to expectation. I ordered the shrimp basket which comes with 8 shrimp and fries. I also ordered two extra sides which were hush puppies and corn in "shake sauce". The shrimp looked to be a reasonable size, but once it was bitten into, it was a lot more coating than shrimp. Once the coating was peeled, the shrimp was small which was a little disappointing. The coating had good seasoning which helped, but I wasn't thrilled about how small it was.

The hush puppies were pretty good. The corn was the frozen corn doused in shake sauce. They both were good, but nothing particularly spectacular. Fresh corn might've been better.

Others who ordered crabs, steamed shrimp and sausage said the food tasted good, but they have had better. They really enjoyed the shake sauce.

The service started out good but waned the remainder of the time thereafter. Overall, it was a good experience, but just didn't deliver as much as I was hoping it would.
The Shake Seafood have become my favorite spot for crab legs and sweet potatoe fries in the NE Philly area. Its' convenient location on Cottman Avenue and lots of parking is definitely a plus too.

Me and my family went during Saturday night. Upon walking in, there is a notice on the door that state they are no longer taking dine in patrons bc it is late. We was gonna get take out so that wasn't a problem. At around 10:30pm, The Shake Seafood is jammed packed, like woah that's alot of folks dinning in and taking outs. That's a good sign!!

We order fried shrimp platter, 2 pound of crawfish, 1 pound of king crab legs, 1 pound of snow crab legs, and sweet potato fries. Hubby really likes the fried shrimp platter with the cajun seasoning fries. I love the king and snow crab legs in the Shake sauce along with the sweet potato fries. As for the crawfish, I didn't like them at all. Wasn't season very well maybe bc it is huge, but I won't get them again. Btw it is a bit pricey for the amount of food, for the items listed above, our bill is $96. I don't mind as long as the food is good, but I can't not go as often as I like, don't wanna be broke afterward lol.

P.S. If you like  food that is heavy on the seasonings, then try The Shake Seafood, you won't regret!!
Yelpers can we agreed that we can all make this at home?? Like these seasoning that they put in, we can google it and find it. The reasons why people go to these places is for the CONVENIENCE of it. We don't have to buy the ingredients and spend time cooking, we can just go to the restaurant grub and have a good time with families and friends. 

This updated review is not about the food. I don't have any problem with the food. On February 11, I wants to buy butter as usual. But the chick at the counter refused and say we don't sell our sauces. But I bought butter from them previous. I was trying to tell them all I want was butter, but she refused. For example, if I go to the restaurant and buy garlic sauce or general tso's sauce, they won't sell it. But I'm buying ur sauces, not asking for free smh. She says if I didn't buy anything that day I can't buy any sauces.... I was like HUH? That's petty!! Guess what, u want to be petty, I will be petty back. NEVER AGAIN! I will just drive a little to the Crack Crab on Grant, Crafty Crab on street road, or Hook and Reel on Roosevelt Blvd etc... 

But I do have to say THANK YOU Shake Seafood. Now I can make my own butter.
3.5 Stars 

Ever since Crabby Cafe closed on Castor Ave nearby, I've been waiting for a place to open close by that offered boiled shrimp by the pound. I was so excited when I saw this place open. It is in the corner next to the Party City on Cottman Ave. 

It's a cute little place, where you can write and draw anywhere on the walls. They gave us a permanent marker to use. 

Most of the servers here are very young. It is most likely their first serving job. One server greeted us and didn't know the menu when we asked if they had diet soda. He said yes, looked down at his menu, then said no. Another server eventually took us because there was a table mixup and brought us out club soda when we asked for water. I gave the benefit of the doubt since the place is still new. 

I ordered a pound of shrimp in the house shake sauce spicy, fries, and Cajun wings. They brought out free butter popcorn to munch on while we waited. When the food came out I was disappointed in the portion size. I've been to many places and ordered a pound of shrimp in sauce. 1 lb here is definitely smaller than other places. The shrimp itself was slightly smaller. Also, the shell was hard to peel off the shrimp. The sauce was pretty good, although I wish they had put more. The fries and wings weren't anything special. 

Anyways, I'm saying these things to help improve some things. I really want this place does well because I hope to become a regular here.
Omg so good! I've been looking for a place similar to the Shake Shack in Boston, and today I stumbled upon this new and upcoming gem. Popcorn served while you browse the menu. Seafood by the pound, choose your sauce, and level of spicy ness. Sauces to choose from are Cajun, lemon pepper, garlic butter, or their shake sauce, a combo of them all. Corn and potatoes come with the combo seafood platter and one or the other for single seafood platters. I went with the Shake sauce, what a wise choice. Gloves and bibs accompany this messy meal. I can't believe I finished it all. The staff was very nice and attentive. Management even came over to make sure we enjoyed our meal, gave us a sharpie to write on the walls, and a coupon for our next visit. I can't wait to go back, but will be a little sad to not have the place to ourselves when the word spreads of how good this place is.
Foods always amazing!! I was just upset that I ordered 1 pound of shrimp, crab legs & mussels and asked for potatoes & corn.

They only put 1 potato and 1 corn. It was to share with 3 people. Also when I got home, there were no gloves, napkins or anything else that I've gotten before when I've ordered.

Nonetheless, the flavor is amazing & one of the best places I've been to so ill be back again and again. Lol
Great place for good seafood!! Everything was great, servers, food, wait time. We will definitely be back soon !
Heard a lot of good things about this place, was so excited to finally try it. I had boiling crab and kickin crab from texas before so i had pretty high expectation. 

Ordered cajun wings, fried oyster basket with cajun fries. Also ordered snow crab, shrimp and clam in a bag, and i got the shake sauce. Boyyyy, i was starving all day, and let me tell ya... What a disappointment!!!! wings and fried oyster were just plain wings and oyster, there were nothing cajun about it, too much breading and not crispy at all. Cajun fries had a bit of seasoning but still underwhelming.. they were thick fries so it wasnt crunchy and they're so stingy with the seasoning.. 
the seafood bag, all the seafood were def frozen, i dont mind that. But the seasoning is lack of flavors.. it was just salty, and all other spices were very mild. 
It is not flavorful like how it is supposed to be.
I fell in luv with hot and juicy in DC but I live in Philly. So I hopped on yelp one night when I was craving hot & juicy and came across Shake seafood. Trusty Yelp always there to help!! I was not disappointed! 

Small restaurant but it never felt overcrowded and most the tables were occupied. Server bring out the menus and a nice portion of popcorn as an appetizer. Not sure of the correlation between popcorn and seafood but it was appreciated and yummy.

Had the green mussels with corn and fried shrimp platter. Both were good portions and great flavor! 

Bags, gloves, paper towel are given to you so don't be scared to dive in. Ambiance is lacking but this is definitely on my list when I get that hot & juicy craving but I'm 100 miles away. I'll be back.
Went here after looking up some restaurants near my house that served seafood & now I'm obsessed! The seafood was delicious and very similar to Hot N Juicy Crawfish (popular in DC & NYC ) ! I loved that its BYOB! The service was great and restaurant is very clean as well which is a plus for me! Cant wait to g
Food Quality 10/10
Customer Service 10/10
Food Proportion 7/10

Me and my girlfriend love seafood and we were introduced to the shake seafood by a friend. Before we would always go to Crabby Cafe which was our favorite spot for Asian seafood, but unfortunately they closed down permanently. We were sad until we were told about this place that was very similar to Crabbys. This place did not disappoint as we had a great experience! Food came out very quick and the server was vey friendly. We ordered snow crab legs, mussels and clams with the mild shake sauce. We like our seafood with alot of sauce and this place definitely exceed our expectations. Also I like how you can sign the walls! Will definitely come back and recommend to my friends! I'm glad we've found a new spot to meet our standards for our seafood cravings! We do wish that we would get more food bc it's definitely alot less than what we're used to.
My husband & I just had an early dinner there. We ordered the cat fish basket and a pound of snow crab legs. The fish was perfectly cooked. The crab legs in that sauce were outstanding. Our waiter Z was  friendly and attentive. The experience left us wanting more. Thank you
Me and the missus visited The Shake Seafood on Saturday for dinner.  The restaurant is a little difficult to find because it's located in the rear of the complex. My directions kept telling me I had arrived but I didn't see the venue until driving up the driveway.  There is plenty of off street parking.in the mall parking lot.  We walked in and were seated immediately.  A friendly waitress came and took our drink order. They only have soft drinks currently.  I asked if they were a byob establishment and I was told that they were looking into the requirements for it.  The waitress returned with our drinks and took our order. The steamed seafood is all served by the pound. We ordered clams and shrimp. We picked Cajun flavor and chose medium heat.  We also ordered the fried catfish basket.  We snacked on some buttered popcorn while waiting for our food. We found out that the restaurant has only been open for two weeks.  There were four flat screens displaying different sporting events. The food arrived pretty quick and after snapping some pictures we dug in.  The clams were tasty think old bay seasoning, but were on the smaller side.  I noticed on the menu that they offer two sizes maybe we got the baby ones. The shrimp were okay nothing spectacular. I kept thinking I could have gone to my local market bought a pound of shrimp and clams had them steamed and seasoned and it would have been just as good and less money.  The clams and shrimp both came to the table in a plastic bag. A small piece of corn and a half of a potato were included.  The highlight of the meal was the catfish fingers.  Four lightly breaded pieces of catfish fried perfectly.  Full disclosure I had just eaten some amazing seafood on Thursday so The Shake Seafood was up against some tough competition and I have been to a similar style restaurant in DC called Hot & Juicy which was awesome. Not sure if I'll be back the wife says no. Oh yeah they gave all the women a rose and they are giving a 10% discount on the check until the 30th.
Always love to try something new; l've been dying to try this new seafood spot. They bring your order out in bags piping HOT. You pick your choice of seafood, then your seasoning or you can get the combination of all four, and next your choose, mild, hot, or flaming hot.

We had the dungeon crab legs, it comes with 2 nice size clusters and choice of corn or potatoes...we picked corn. I had garlic seasoning and mild. @derrickchildrey  had Cajun and garlic.

They bring out a silver bucket, plastic gloves, and crackers with your food. That sauce... honey child let me tell you. My greedy butt was finished before my husband and I ate everything in that bag! And folks that know me, can attest I never finish anything!!! Let the video and the pictures speak for themselves.

This place is a BYOB we didn't know. Our bill came to $48...will be back with our  next time!

Business hours are funny, but I would definitely check them out if you like seafood   #ShakeSeafood
The worst service ever period They made a mistake with my food gave me potatoes with the sauce had no flavor with it gave me plain oysters when I ordered it with garlic butter and then they turned around and said it was my fault They weren't going to give me a credit or give me my money back. And the lady told me to fuck off when i called.. I will never eat here again and neither will any of my friends. RUDE and the quality of their food has gone way DOWN...
First trip here, the seafood was beyond fresh!! The only thing that's stopping me from absolutely loving this place is the sauce.. I am a huge old bay, butter, garlic seafood'er and this sauce is more spicy and I want to say oily instead of buttery.. the servers are very attentive and polite and the pricing isn't as expensive as I thought it would be. Overall, great experience. The fried shrimp were absolutely amazing!
As my husband says, "If it ain't shake I don't want it!" The best seafood around hands down!! Always fresh and flavorful. I've had food from both locations and they never disappoint!
5 stars with the first ever Z&N seal of approval.

Man what a place to remember and def the highlight of our trip to Philly. A little secret spot hidden in the corner of a shopping center like area.
 6 stars if I could. The staff, atmosphere, freshness, taste, cost etc was perfect. 
We ordered the headless shrimp, corn and potato that comes in a seafood boil bag. For the sauce, it was the mixture of all 4 sauces (And honestly tasted great). The potato, corn, and shrimp doused in the sauce was exactly what we wanted. The shrimp was cooked perfectly and juicy (Bit of a pain peeling but its all part of the experience haha).  
The potato and corn absorbed the buttery sauce and was beyond flavorful. 
We have been wanting to try a seafood boil for the longest time and this place exceeded our expectations. 
The chicken fingers were so soft and tender inside. They were so juicy and the batter was so unique, airy, crispy, and delicate. Fries and hush puppies were tasty as well. Seasoned fries and the hush pussies had an onion taste that was so delectable. Everything we ordered had so much flavor we couldn't stop eating even after we were full.   

We even got to write a little message on the wooden wall. The place is filled with the writings of customers and it is such a cool idea.
It always great food here! 
The waiters are sweet and nice!
The prices are high that's the only negative. 
So not five stars however still a great experience none the less... 



Still great food!!! 
The prices went up again ‍‍
The food is BOMB. I ordered 2lbs of crawfish, crab legs and a lbs of shrimp, hush puppies and it's BYOB so I brought my own beer. We were a party of 9 so we knew from the reviews it would be a wait-- it was 2hrs. We all left satisfied. 

HOWEVER. The service. It seriously lacks. Tina was a god send-- very nice, courteous and attentive. But y'all have been in business for a year now-- there's got to be a better way to cut the wait time. The gentlemen you had cleaning up were young, they were cursing on the floor-- complaining about wanting to leave on time that night. The hostess is the first person you encounter in any establishment, and their vibes set the whole tone for the dining experience-- don't be afraid to fire your rude ass niece if she can't respect and be cordial to your customers. Like wtf 

Overall, y'all are on to something based on the food. So don't switch that up. But competition is ALWAYS in abundance-- so I'd suggest a serious overhaul in staffing or y'all won't make it much farther.
Food is ok. Seasoning was a bit salty for my taste, but at least the food was fresh. I give it a three star because restaurant front staff management and service was crap. I know that the restaurant closes at 11, but i was seated at 10. While i was still eating, The check was pushed on me at 10:45. Nothing is more rude then seeing people rush me out the door while I am enjoying my meal. If you guys are in such a rush, don't accept anymore orders after 10. On my way out, most of the  front staff was on their phones texting away. I had to say " thank you and have a good night" to myself. I can see this store possibly staying open a long time if management get their act together.
Let's start with the place is interesting. Wooden walls where customers can write on. Pleasant  light and open design. 
All the seafood in their special sauce was pretty good! But It wasn't a 5 star. Something  between 3,5 and 4. 
I was surprised by why they serve clams  by the pound. I found out later WHY. Because even regular clams are very tiny. I'm use to those big clams when you get a dozen and you are full. Lol. They were ok, but had send in each and every one of them. I don't think I'd get it again.
Fried Cajun wings were ok as well. 
Shrimp on the other side was on point! Fresh, cooked just right and simply delicious! I would definitely come back for it!  My favorite part of the meal! 
Snow crabs were waaaay too soft, till the point that you can't get it out of the shell. Taste really good though. 
Whoever is cooking on the back knows what they are doing! But need to work on their timing. 

I would definitely give this place another shot. And recommend it for a friend. 
And waiters were very courteous and friendly!
I really liked how big the crawfish were and it felt like some were fresh and some weren't. The only thing I didn't really like is the shake sauce. It was way too salty and I can eat salty so it means something if I said it was way too salty. Maybe if the sauce was decent I'd give it a higher rating but it wasn't. 

The service was okay. The waitress made a few mistakes here and there, but it's fairly new so I didn't expect a lot.
Went to this restaurant before the pandemic with my family who were visiting out of state. I live here and we're huge seafood lovers. My Dad is obsessed with the atmosphere and the byob concept. Plus, the boils are greats--this is coming from a Florida shore girl!
The restaurant is clean and bright. You can sign and write on the walls. I ordered the snow crabs and corn with the shake sauce and medium spicy, my  date ordered snow crabs with mussels with a corn and potatoes. We also ordered the lemon pepper wings.

My order's spice level was good and how it should've been- right in the middle. However, I thought the sauce was a little too salty and I didn't get enough sauce in my bag.

Wings: Very juicy and nice sizes and they had a nice settle taste of lemon

We spent about $60 and I think it's a little pricy for what we ordered. I see that the owners previously replied to other reviews who mentioned the same and said it's due to the quality. I understand it's about the quality of the food but I got a half piece of corn with 2 clusters. Maybe it should be a whole piece of corn or throw in the potatoes along with them instead of having ppl choose either or.
I've been looking for a great seafood place in the northeast for about a year now and this place popped up as a suggestion. I reviewed the photos and everything was appealing. Seasoned seafood served in a bag had the best potential and sure enough it stood true. I had the garlic butter crab legs and shrimp with no head (I don't need to be working hard to eat a bottom feeder) & I was feeling spicy so we ordered a bag of shrimp of the shake sauce (all of the above sauces). Everything was delicious and I appreciate the gloves and bib because without it I would smell like a seafood sauce bucket. Overall, I'm going back to get more. My photos will show the aftermath of what was in the bag. Enjoy, because I did.
I loved the food...I ordered the shrimp basket...it was scolding hot! But very good and the Cajun rice could've had more than smoked sausage and seasoning for $8. It was clean and we came in early so not a lot of people. The waitress was very nice and the people were attentive. I will go back again!
I've been waiting for a seafood place like this to pop up in Northeast Philly. Seafood is good, service is great, prices are reasonable. I got Onion Rings & Cajun fries as appetizers. Also got Shrimp with Heads on w/ their Shake Sauce (Cajun, Butter Garlic, & lemon pepper) w/ medium spicy level. My boyfriend got the Mussels w/ Potato & Shake Sauce w/mild spicy level. Seafood was delicious! 

I'll definitely be returning. They also do take out! If you plan to dine in, ask to decorate their walls---they'll give you a marker too.
We initially were super disappointed because when we finally got to the booth to check in they said it'd be a 2.5-3 hour wait on a Saturday night, so we left. Then we realized you could do take out. We then called at least 7 times before finally getting through to place our order. We ordered two fried platters, one catfish and one shrimp, and two orders of hush puppies. It took less than 30 minutes to prepare the food, which isn't bad. The restaurant is super small, like maybe 15 tables. The prices are really good, $30 for all of our food. The food was so delicious!!!! It was way better than expected and totally worth the hassle. We didn't try the boiled seafood but everyone inside was eating it and people were lined out the door waiting for their table. The hush puppies were probably the best we've ever had, the  Cajun fries were so crispy and had a great flavor, the catfish was really good and the shrimp was so delicious and a had a slight spicy kick to it. Definitely a hidden gem in northeast Philly! Never seen another place like it in the city! We will DEFINITELY be back! Would have given it 5 stars if we didn't have to go through the hassle. I understand they can't help the long wait time, it's in high demand! But being able to answer the phone when it rings would be helpful.
It always great food here! 
The waiters are sweet and nice! 
The prices are high that's the only negative. 
So not five stars however still a great experience none the less...
Terrible business. We ordered snow crabs and they gave us MUSSELS . How do you get mussels from snow crabs. They didn't give us our crab legs unless we paid additional for it because they already gave us the other stuff. Take it all back and give me the proper order. Made us drive all the way back to just charge us extra for what we ordered. Horrible service.
My husband and I came here on a Sunday night around 7 PM, and it was pretty busy. 

The hostess at the front was timid, and didn't give off a welcoming vibe. We didn't really have any place to sit or stand, so we decided to wait around by the cashier or take out stand. The woman behind there was even worse - no acknowledgement, and she had her head down. Not sure if she was a supervisor or manager. 

We waited about 30 minutes to get seated, and the family in front of us was skipped. We both wondered why a party who arrived later than we did was sat down first, so we both headed towards the host. She claimed she called their number and no one answered, mind you she never even came to the "waiting area." I informed her that we didn't hear her, and she apologized for being a "small person with a small voice." I kindly suggested, that maybe she walked over to the waiting area, where more people were waiting. Fortunately, another table cleared up, and the family who got skipped was able to sit down right away. 

The service was horrible, no sense of urgency, you can hear the staff cursing in the back. Again, not sure who the woman sitting at the front was, but she just sat there the whole time. If she's the manager, she needs to do better. It was pretty busy, and instead of helping her staff, she just sat there. We still decided to stay and try the food, after hearing pretty good reviews. 

The food was OK, we got sweet potato fries, 2 lbs of shrimps, 1 lb of crawfish, and 1/2 lb of sausage - sauce was flavorful, but the crawfish didn't soak up the flavor. My husband and I do think it's a one and done deal - there was no wow factor to have us come back. 

Management and employees definitely need to get their service up to par.
First time here! We have a place similar to this where I'm from, but it was a good first experience. 

We all ordered different combos, but each of ours included the crab legs, corn, potatoes shrimps, mussels, sausage and a tilapia fish basket. There were no complaints! The seafood was all a decent size, the flavor wasn't too bad. The sauce was more so of a oil sauce, but still not too bad. 

The music was popping and it was BYOB! So we brought our wine and coolers and was sipping real nice! 

Would I come back?...Yup
The food was ok overall. The boom sauce is life!!!The crab legs though are consistently overcooked.  The service was good , every time I've visited the servers have been great with an upbeat attitude.. even though it's a bit far from were I live I take the drive when I want good flavorful seafood!
Let me start out by saying that I will definitely be coming back to The Shake Seafood! The food was BOMB! AMAZING! DELICIOUS! TASTY! 

My friend had been craving like a seafood boil and so we researched places in Philadelphia and this place seemed to best fit what we were looking for.

Much to our surprise, this place not only met..but exceed our expectations! We both got a combination with the snow crab legs and shrimp. Each combo comes with corn on the cob and/or potatoes. I love how you have the option to pick. I added 1/2 lb sausage in mines for about $5 and my friend added crawfish in her's. You get to choose from 3 different seasonings:cajun, garlic butter, & lemon pepper. Or you can combine all three for the shake house blend. I decided to go with the house blend. And since I was unsure of their spice level, I chose medium.

We came on a Saturday evening around 5:30ish and the wait was about an hour. The restaurant is not big at all so I can see how the wait was so long, but thankfully it's in a shopping plaza where you have a plethora of stores to walk around and kill time. Parking was not much of an issue considering it is in a strip mall.

We did not have any issues with service during our visit. Our server was very tentative and also other staff members. 

If you're in the north Philly area and want a good seafood boil, try The Shake Seafood.
Omg omg ooooooommmmmmmgggggggggg!!!! Soooooo delicious! Best crabs, mussels, shrimp, lobster, potatoes, corn and that Shake Sauce  All I can really say is you have to try it! Oh, and it's a BYOB.
The shake seafood  is one of the best restaurant in Philadelphia. I have been to this place 3 times and every time i came here the food is always delicious. Not to mention this place is byob. So if your in the northeast Philadelphia area please stop here you will not be mad. The crabs, shrimp  bag is excellent
First time visiting, the customer service was good and so was the food. If I do return it won't be for the  pound of snow crabs and shrimp. Not at all worth $40.
Perfectly seasoned and cooked. I had the shrimp, crab legs, baby clams, mussels, and hush puppies. Everything was delicious. It was literally like a foodgasm in my mouth. Sorry tmi lol but that's how good it was. I got the shake sauce, hot. Will definitely be returning. Highly recommended.
This is the ONLY seafood spot for those in the know. We had a girls day in & ordered garlic butter snow crab legs with corn & potatoes. Omg, we were in heaven!!!! The crab legs, potatoes, & shrimp were cooked to perfection. The corn was a little over done but we didn't mind, the crab legs were cooked wonderfully so much so that we were able to remove every morsel from the shells. It was a great time for us all. Going to take my man when he comes from MD. I know he'll say that The Shake Seafood is AMAZING!
Omg.... this is so awesome everything. I got king crab, shrimp with the head and crawfish with the shake seasoning mild. It was so delicious! Seafood so fresh that you could tell me it was frozen at one time. Corn and potatoes cooked perfectly. Crawfish super fresh didn't have that pre frozen taste a lot of other places have! Had to take out though because it was a 2 hour wait for seating but I definitely understand why! I truly hope it stays as good as it is now because i definitely will be back!
Thank you, Philadelphia. First you taught me about a true Philly Cheesesteak. You're so humble. You didn't even brag about how you also killed seafood. Seafood and wings, that is. I won't lie. I passed by the restaurant about 5 times before I realized it was hidden on the side of the strip mall. It was worth the frustration. The shrimp was big; the batter was light and crispy. The best part was it was SEASONED! I picked up wings for an appetizer. It was seasoned with just the right amount of MSG and salt! To top it off, I received texts to communicate when my order was ready, and also when it took me a little longer than expected (because I circled the building about 5 million times looking for the restaurant) to make sure everything was ok. My takeout didn't even make it out of the parking lot. This will be my new spot whenever I stop through Philly. Sorry, there are no pics. There was no time for that. It was just that good.
So, I went to this establishment for the first time today and it was great!!! The servers were very attentive and made sure that you had everything you needed for your meal and didn't have to chase them down for a beverage. The only thing that I had a small problem with is that they down serve alcohol but other than that I'll recommend this place to anyone!
The Shake is a cajun-inspired seafood restaurant that specializes in seafood boils, with flavors of cajun, garlic, and/or lemon-butter.  They have some pre-configured boils, or you can design your own.  They have dungeoness, king, and snow crab, crawfish, clams, and so on. The prices are reasonable, and what you'd expect for seafood. The seafood, and potatoes, corn, and/or sausage if you'd like, is boiled in the sauce you select,  in a heat proof plastic bag. They bring the bag to your table, and it's chow time. :). It's messy, garlicky, and a lot of fun!
I ordered $400 worth of take out here...everything was outstanding and especially the service...they even helped take out food to our vechile during this pandemic...I would highly recommend them again and again...Thank you for your service, especially Jessica who took my order and followed through with everything she said she was going to do!!!
To be honest, I've been wanting to try this place since it used to be the home of one of my favorite Asian American take out spots.  R.I.P Jannie turned Sannie! Anyway, I digress! Let's just say that unlike other places which offer platters that with 2 sides at least, not this place!  I opted on the corn in the cob, not realizing that it was a quarter of a cob.  Kind of a disappointment.  The portions were less than desirable! The one redeeming thing was that the tilapia was seasoned well.
If someone says this has anything on Crabby Cafe in Northern Liberties you must of slipped and bumped your damn head there sauce don't have shit on crabby sauce. SERVICE WAS GOOD FOOD WAS REGGGGGGIIIIEEEE(my pot heads know what I mean)
We heard good things about The Shake Seafood and wanted to give it a try! We got mild cajun crab and mussels, a shrimp basket, and a side of hush puppies. Everything tasted very good and for a slow night the staff was friendly and attentive. The shrimp batter was flaky and had no spice to them. The mild flavoring on the crab and mussel was a true mild and had excellent flavor. There was plenty of food for two. We'd definitely go back when we want some seafood boil.
Excellent service and food was terrific. Had jumbo fried shrimp basket and wings to go.
Crowded and noisy but folks were having a ball! Wait for take out for some was long but hostess and staff were working fast as they could. Phone never stopped on take out orders nor the line waiting. Incredible!! Saturday night, prepare for crowds and wait, but well worth it!!!!
-1 hour and 40 something waited to be sat down 
-once we ordered our food our waiter never asked what drink we want or didn't even bring us anything. After 30 mins pass, we finally asked for our drinks. 
-Approximately 1 hr and something mins for our food wait.
-one of our meals we ordered wings and they forgot to give us ranch and then we had to asked for it again. Then our waiter still forgot. 
-Ordering the food such as the shrimp and combo of seafoods are so little. The meal was pricey for what they gave us because I felt like they weigh the sauce, potato, and the seafood in one bag. 
-tip is included in the total price for 6 or more people which the tip wasn't well deserved 
-two waiters and busy place, need to hire more people 

*** Keep this in mind guys, I'm from Texas and when we ordered lbs of shrimp or any type of meal. It is always a lot given and they don't charge you for unnecessary crap. The service down south is way better than this place. I won't be coming here again
My sister and dined here about 2 weeks ago on a Sunday night. We got here around 7:45pm, and it was very crowded. There was a 45 minute to an hour wait time to dine in. We ordered the crawfish, crabs, shrimp w/ potatoes and corn in Mild Shake sauce. The food was good, but the sauce lacked flavor. The place has good potential and is a very good concept. I would still return, and probably bring a bottle next time since it is BYOB.
Went here a few months ago to see what the hype was about. I ordered my seafood to go. I had the pick n peel shrimp, soft shell fried crab, corn on the cob and seasoned fries. It was just ok. The soft shell crabs had an odd taste to me. As if they were fried with onion rings. All I could taste was onion rings. Yet I hadn't ordered any. The shrimp were crunchy. I liked the sauce. Corn & fries were ok. Oddly enough the place was packed. Maybe I ordered the wrong items from the menu. I would definitely do a do-over. This time I'll order something totally different. Before I throw in the towel on this place. Even though the food didn't Wow me & make me want more. I believe in second chances.
The food is amazing. The only thing I would recommend is to lay off the salt when cooking the crab legs ..the amount of flavor for the sauce does the job
Awesome, excellent service. Good music and great food. Reasonable prices. I give them a 4 star because I wish they had Dungeness crabs. They are a BYOB and they do provide glasses of ice. The wait times can be very long, but it's worth it.
Food is always good. Reasonably priced. Small so the wait can be long. But that because everybody goes there!!!
I visited this restaurant a week ago and fell in love. I had gotten a crab and mussel combo which was delicious. Fast forward to last night, I return bringing 3 of my friends who have never been before. I'm sorry that I did that. Our waitress Siani with the snuffleupagus eyelashes had the worst atttitude from start to finish. The part that bothered us the most was aftEr talking to the manager she says "Oh yeah she has a bad attitude sometimes " as if it was normal or ok for that kind of behavior. That girl should be fired, you don't treat paying customers like that. You won't get any of my hard earned money!
So how in the world did I, a kid from South Jersey, end up at the Shake Seafood in Northeast Philly?

It was actually from a review of another similar seafood boil place that recommended The Shake Seafood and from then on I knew this place was the real deal.

From the moment my partner and I walked in this place was poppin' (I mean come on it was a Sunday night after all). We waited for 40 mins (after being told it was going to be a 1 hr wait thank God) and in that time knew exactly what we were going to order after seeing what everyone else was eating.

We ordered 1lb crawfish and the Snow Crab/Shrimp combo both with the Shake Sauce. Now lemme tell you that this "Shake Sauce" is l e g i t. It is simply a combination of the Cajun seasoning and garlic-butter flavors - that you can get separately - and man is it to die for.

As for the seafood itself I was a big fan of the shrimp and snow crab and less of a fan of the crawfish but that was just my taste and had nothing to do with how it was cooked. Plus you can't go wrong with choosing potatoes or corn because they both soak up the sauces well.

Overall the service was great and my partner and I both loved the place and would come back again!! My only suggestion is that you should probably come during the day when it is less busy so you don't have to wait as long.

Did I also forget it was BYOB? haha
I've ordered form here a handful of times and every single time it's amazing. They're sauce is to die for, I'd bathe in it if I could hahah. Definitely recommend!!
The Snow Crabs, potato and corn were sooooooo good. The shake sauce was so bomb. I can't give a 5 star rate due to the fact that only 1 small Potato was in my bag. I believe only 1 comes in the bag because my friend also had 1 potato. The same with the corn too. Another thing was the music. I hated it. It went from Destiny's Child to Lil Wayne all while small children were eating. This place is great the music was just not it and 1 small potato and corn was just wrong lol. Hopefully more quantity can be added over time!
This is my first time eating at an all seafood place I've always wanted to wear the bibs and gloves and just go to town with the crabs. The seasoning and food was BANGING! Finger licking DELICIOUS! I live 4 hours away and I will make an annual trip to philly JUST to eat at the shake!!!

Beyond satisfied customer
Dede
As I type this, just know that I am pissed! I absolutely loved The Shake Seafood but it didn't love me!  The atmosphere is great! You can bring your own bottle. The location is great as there's plenty of parking. The prices are nice! Not expensive at all and portions are worth the price. Customer service is great! Even the wait for our food was minimal. Everyone was so nice and even the patrons seemed to be enjoying themselves. My food was delicious however I'm guessing there were too many seasonings and they didn't agree with my stomach. Anyway, it sucked to be me.  I would definitely recommend this seafood restaurant and hope that this place remains as pleasant as it was when I visited it!
First time Saturday. 

Parking can get full.

This is a crab boil style place where your seafood is cooked and placed in a bag with a sauce, potato, corn and sausage. 

Wait: we were seated pretty fast and from the looks of it, we juuuust beat the crowd. As we sat and ate, it became very crowded and this was about 3:30pm. In the evening it gets really crowded so pack patience.

Service: Our server Mira wasn't good with checking on us. We had to ask other service for assistance. Our food took about 20 min. 

Food: the options can be build your own or choose their combos. Seafood is market price. Orders are by the pound. I had the frozen crawfish which were really big and meaty! crab legs also; both in The Shake sauce.  My Sister got the Shrimp & Crab legs. The shrimp were a nice size. You had the option of corn OR potato (Which were small)  however if you order more than a pound of seafood, you could get both. They charge for the sausage.  The places I've gone to offered all included. There wasn't any taste to the sauce and to top it off there wasn't much sauce in the bag. When we asked for extra,  they brought us out a small take out cup of their sauce. Lol we couldn't do anything with that. We got full fast and took a good portion to go.

Pricing: typical. Around $35 

The best thing is their BYOB option. I suggest BYOS: bring your own seasoning. 

I will go back with a group of friends to see if they've gotten better.
I can only speak for the take-out since I prefer getting down and dirty with my hands in the comfort of my own home. And it's pretty popular so it gets pretty packed for dine-in. 

Food is great. Flavor is on point and I'll continue to get my seafood fix here. 

I do want to mention that the takeout bags are always clean and secure. There's nothing oily on it and I really appreciate that. Nothing sucks more than having half your food spill out before you can eat it.
The Seafoods very fresh and delicious the crawfish is a jumbo size, snow crab are good. Cajun sauce is very up to the taste with butter & garlic melt it in your mouth. I usually ordered for take out because they're very crowded especially on the weekend. Call 1st to order*. Highly recommended to try this place.
The food taste ok, I'm just disappointed in the portion size. I ordered a fried fish platter and a fried shrimp platter tonight, right before they closed. Service was good, pretty fast.  My husband and I opened our platters when we arrived home. Three tiny pieces of tillipia. (They look like someone took one whole fillet and split them in half) one small piece of corn for a side, 8 small fried shrimp and two tiny potatoes. $24.00 and we're still hungry. I literally would've gotten more food across the street at Popeyes.
Long wait on a Saturday night about a hour and half to be seated but worth it. You can add your name to the wait list and give your phone number. Once finally seated you get the menu and complimentary popcorn. The wait for the food was fast. I got 1 lbs of mussels and 1 lbs of head-on shrimp which is cheaper then the head off shrimp. It comes with ya choice of corn or potatoes or both. The establishment is also byob. They have complimentary cups/glasses and ice. They give bibs and gloves and a plate when you get ya food. I got my food in the "shake sauce...medium spicy" yum it was soooooooo good. i would definitely come back again.
The food has been extremely salty in the past three times I ordered. All you can taste is salt. The snow crab legs are straight up salt. You don't taste the seafood at all.
They have me in a mental conundrum, so I'ma split the difference and give them a three. 

I went in for lunch on a Friday - they open at noon on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. I'm writing this from the parking lot.

The greeting was awkward. I walked in alone, and although the restaurant was completely empty except for two servers, no one offered to seat me. I had to ask if I could have a seat.

That gave me time to notice a sign advertising their special of the day - Dungeness crabs for $14 a pound. Dungeness crabs are exactly what I was there to eat. I don't mess with blue crabs because they're too much work for too little reward. And snow crabs are just not as delicious.

The menu is pretty simple: Seafood, with a variety of flavors and customizeable spiciness. Seafood combos that include corn or potatoes and there are some fried food options including wings. 

I ordered half a pound of Dungeness crabs with their signature Shake Sauce (a delectable combination of Cajun, garlic butter, and lemon pepper), mild with corn, and a fried shrimp basket with sweet potato fries. And an unsweetened iced tea with lemon. The tea was fresh brewed and just right, except I needed more ice. 

Unique, my server, was absolutely adorable. Helpful and attentive. She gave me the standard setup of a plate, gloves, bib (hell yes I put it on), wet wipes, shell cracker, and that tiny fork.

My shrimp came out first. 8 fried shrimp and sweet potato fries for $12. They were huge and piping hot, served with garlic sauce and cocktail sauce, and I got honey mustard for my sweet potato fries. I ate one shrimp with the garlic sauce, and a couple fries and it was perrrrfect. I would have eaten more, but I wanted to dig into my crabs.

The crabs came out a little later... There was a steam bag which she placed on my plate. When I opened it, I had to call her back over. They gave me two regular blue crabs split in half. Those tiny things that I refuse to be bothered with. What? Why? Unique took the bag back to the kitchen and I ate another shrimp. Freaking glorious.

She returned a few minutes later explaining that they are Dungeness, but they're small. She was immediately followed by who I assume was a manager repeating the same words that they are Dungeness, but they're small. Why the hell would I order Dungeness if I wanted regular sized crabs? Most of the appeal is that they're huge, so it's easy to get at those huge chunks of sweet, sweet meat.

Anyway, the idea of sending them back and asking for snow crab legs or king crab legs never crossed my mind, and my heart was set on Dungeness crabs, so I decided to relax and eat my baby crabs. It took me almost twenty minutes to get through one half of a crab. I ate the corn - a little overdone - and had the rest packed up to go home. I'll give them to my niece and nephew.

The food is absolutely delicious, and I was thoroughly disappointed. Also turns out they gave me a full pound, so my lunch ran me $37 including the tip.
Came here for the first time last weekend with my seafood crew. There's def some pros and cons to the visit that we had at the Shake. Shake was recommended to me by a coworker. We went on a Friday night & there was a huge wait. The wait was supposed to be an hour but they wrote down the incorrect # for our party and then we had to wait even longer until a bigger table opened up. The line for those ordering out was massive FYI. Anyway, this is like another "trap" seafood spot but with people writing in sharpie all over the walls for whatever reason.
Back to wait... once sat, the guy took a while to come. Maybe about 15 minutes after being sat. We had our whole order ready from the hour wait. He had a really hard time remembering our order and relaying it back but eventually he got it. Then had a hard time getting my water to me quickly. The Pepsi was flat. We told him, he said they were looking into it and brought out more flat soda. Popcorn machine was down so we didn't have anything to snack on during the long wait, but that's okay. Once the water came, I began to survive again. After some time, food came out. I got crab legs and mussels with garlic butter sauce and old bay. I added half pound sausage & I got the corn and potatoes. On first bite, it was all delicious. I choked on half of the mussels (literally) in part to being really hungry. It was all nicely seasoned and tastes delicious. I enjoyed the food. Nice and tender crab meat. Not overcooked or anything. I love the larger mussels. I took half of the food home and was able to warm up in oven with no problem. It was still delicious. I tried some of my friends fries and they were normal fries. 
This place is byob but that doesn't just mean wine. People had whole 1800 margarita things at the table. People had all kind of hard liquors and etc. I can't recall the music too much besides being trap music bc I was engaged in convo. 
Overall, it was good food. That's what I went for. Great food actually! Wait just will be long on the weekend!!!! You have to go there to get in the queue...that's a bummer! 

**oh my friend got Cajun wings. They were good. Just know if you ask for fried hard, it will be super crispy !
We had a taste for seafood. We ordered two shrimp baskets. One with hush puppies and one with fries. 2 lbs of Alaskan crab legs with shake sauce. The food was delicious. I feel as if the 4 cluster of legs were not two lbs. Customer service was fast and great
I loveeeee the seafood in there! The Shake Sauce is my fav Only thing I hate is the wait! Ugh. Every time I go there it's packed no matter what time of a day it is... (If only they have live crawfish, it'll be perfect!)
