So their website kind of lies. But not in a bad way. The all-you-can-eat buffet (including BBQ) is 13.99, and not 17.99 as stated. Only 9.99 if you forgo the BBQ. Be warned, it's not rodizio-style where they waltz around bringing meat to you in funny pirate pants. You have to get up off your lazy ass and walk up to the guy manning the grill. Also, the atmosphere is not what you would call classy, but it's casual, clean, and comfortable. Plus, the people who work here are super friendly. 

Accordingly, the food is tasty and unpretentious. The items offered at the buffet are not fussy or overdone, they're like homemade Brazilian comfort food. This place is unlike the heavily-orchestrated high-end rodizio restaurants, and it seems really authentic and genuine. And the BBQ, while slightly on the salty side, is totally delicious. The flavoring is pretty similar to that at high-end rodizio places, which also tend to be on the salty side, but without the absurd price tag. In my opinion, the price difference is worth more than the quality difference, and the lower price means you don't feel the need to stuff yourself to death to get your money's worth. They also offer a variety of delicious Brazilian sodas and juices like mango, passionfruit, and what I think was cupuaçu juice (the lady didn't know the English name for the Brazilian fruit).

As an added bonus, they have live Brazilian music on Saturday nights. Pretty awesome.
Bang for the buck! 
I am just speaking on pure value

$14.99  AYCE?
compared to the other places around the city at more like $35+

Pure utlity. 
If you want ambience, then yeah, center city or the expensive places are nicer.

But if you are all about the protein and decent side dishes that won't be offensive.

VERY VERY GOOD.

I took a crew of 15 employees here for a end of summer meat fest. 

We had a great time.  

Tips for enjoying a good time here

1. wear elastic pants.
2. when the meat you like comes to your table, stock up on it.  because it takes a long time for the same one to come back.

meats you should focus on 
Sirlion and Short Rib.

These are expensive beef cuts, (well the short rib is)  so they wont be very compliant about bringing it back for the second round, so you need to hammer away the first time. 

Even at the market price for short ribs,  you would need to eat 2 or 3 lbs of meat to break the bank.  And I guess its possible, but kind of disgusting. 

Other meats that were good

Chicken hearts.  tender, juicy.  enjoyable
garlic chicken.

Some of the meats are saltier, but just eat some rice or potato to balance it out. 

They have some nice red beans (kind of like mexican or habichuela) and also frijoles with pork in the steam table.  Yucca, Yams, brocolli, bbq sauced chicken wings, 

Like I said, decent enough stuff and ruffage to bring some variety into the meal.  I mean who eats just meat and doesnt expect to be constipated in the morning?

beverages:  Guave juice had the best flavor.  mango juice was a little watered down. 

IT IS BYOB.. so if were not going go kart racing afterwards, we would have brought a cooler of beer to enjoy as well. 

Girls working here are pleasant.  No speakie english so good, but hey, they are actually brazilian.  I could hear them speaking Portuguese to each other. 

They actually have a pay and weigh system, and seemed to be doing good business with people zipping in and grabbing some stuff to go.  

Off street parking in the back, with a back entrance too. 

Snobs who are looking for fogo or whatever, go back 50 bucks a person with drinks, tax and tip.   People who are looking for pure meat fest.. this is a good bet.
Got a deal on Groupon for two people that includes drinks and desserts. The environment is definitely very different from Fogo and Chima, it's not fancy at all. It's a small local business in the Northeast area. I like how there's street parking in the front of the restaurant and a private parking lot behind the restaurant. You save money on parking verses parking in the center city.

Food: The meat is very flavorful and delicious. The salad bar was good, not a huge selection but it had lots of Brazilian sides. They don't have a huge selection on drinks either but hey, it's included in my deal so can't complain. I got the flan for dessert and it was so good!
Service: The waiters and staff was amazing. They're all super friendly and attentive.

Definitely recommend this place and will come back. Make sure you check Groupon for the dinner, drinks and dessert deal. It's worth your money.
A great example of why some other Brazilian BBQ joints are simply overrated.

Sure, this place is off the beaten path but this buffet is seriously delicious at a very fair price.
This is not Chima's.  This is a $20 Brazilian dinner buffet, not a $45 one.  Accept this and you will enjoy.  There is on street parking and a lot in the back.  We went on a busy Saturday night and did not have knats, or a language barrier.  The place was packed (usually a good sign).  It was very warm.  They have ceiling fans and we saw a unit in the wall but the ac must have been broken. 

They have a few different meat selections including sausage top sirloin garlic sirloin brisket garlic chicken and bacon wrapped chicken and grilled pineapple.  They do not have seafood selections.  The do not have 17 selections.  They are $20, basically affordable to all.  Their atmosphere is casual so come as you are. 

The gauchos slice the meat.  You can have them slice as many pieces as you like, so if it is sliced too thinly, ask for more.  The restaurant is all you can eat so do not be shy.  Ask the gauchos what meat they are serving.  If you do not understand them, ask them to repeat.  They will repeat and you will not have a language barrier.  

It is byob.  There is a liquor store next door.  They serve fresh pure mango juice, not juice drink, and it is $4 a glass.  They do not offer free refills.  The passion fruit juice is fresh also. They offer canned Brazilian and bottled American soda not fountain (standard in smaller Latino restaurants). 

The salad bar is cafeteria style, tasty and filling but not exceptionally big.  The black beans (cooked with pork) and fried yucca were my favorites.  They also had kidney beans white and yellow rice and sweet plantains as well as a very good chicken salad with raisins instead of apples and other salads. It appears they rotate selections as we had spaghetti and not lasagna.  

We did not have dessert but the grilled pineapple sufficed.  If you use a Groupon for 4, you will save at least $20.  At $74 the Groupon includes beverages and dessert.  We did not use a Groupon.  If you use Groupon you need to call ahead.  

The staff were friendly.  The service can be slow after the first round of meat if the restaurant is not busy.  You can signal a waiter or host that you would like more service and they make it happen. Sometimes slow service in a Latino restaurant is culture related so try not to take it personally.  It is a relaxed atmosphere.
Certainly not as elegant as Fogo or Chima (by a long shot) and at $16 (10 for just the ample buffet) the rodizio experience is, IMO, better.  As to value, there is no contest. 

Meat was far more flavorful (thanks to charcoal and not gas) and tender.   The silly red/green puck schtick is replaced by an attentive chef/server who recognizes when your table stops chewing and brings another sword of delightful meat. He also knows how you like your meat after the first serving, so you are not constantly educating a "gaucho" that you like a little crispy crust, and the rest blood rare.  Picanha and rib eye are the winners, but chicken, pork ribs and the (not too garlicky) linguica sausage are also delightful.

Staff is charming and friendly, and you NEVER feel like you are being ignored, or "having your pace slowed down" because you are eating like a starved glutton.  You pretty much have to force the issue that you cannot eat another bite.

Many of the locals were just there for the buffet at lunch, and if it were not for the temptation of the meats, it would be a great bargain in itself.  The buffet is constantly replenished, and the contents are authentic, fresh and flavorful.

The place, while spartan, is VERY clean.  I consider it a notch above the nearby Picanha grill in many respects. We will absolutely return as often as my cholesterol level will allow.
Just tried it today, usually we go downtown to Chimas,  the cost is around $50 just for the rodizio.  If you want the flavor of the Brazilian meats with some side dishes for a cheap rate this is the place to go. We were surprised to see flank, sirloin and other meats. We thought it was gonna be just a basic buffet. But to our surprise it was very good! I would recommend it!
The 4 stars are based on the good service, friendliness of the staff and of course good food. So why not 5 stars? The food is good, but not excellent. 

It is definitely better than picahna both the food and the price. 

I recommend this place, you must give it a try
For how much you pay, this place is really a great value with amazing customer service. Think it's normally $25 for the all you can eat, but I got a Groupon so it's $49 for two people (saves about $5 per person) including a drink and dessert for each person. 

Their menu lists a lot of meats but I think in the 1hr I was there they had about 7 types being walked around with. Their picanha top sirloin would be my favorite, juicy and flavorful. Some of the other meats like garlic steak were good and some were just okay/not overly flavorful. They also have a grilled pineapple coated with brown sugar that they slice for you off the stick which is DELISH, I had about 4 slices of it! They also have a cold/hot buffet bar with salads, Brazilian breads, grains, pickled veggies, and misc hot dishes. Nothing to scream home about but it's there if you want it or if you just need some veggies or fruit to take a break from the meat which is nice. The only sauces they offer here for meat dipping is an ordinary barbecue sauce and a tobasco like hot sauce, no steak sauce. BUT there's a fresh made chimichurri sauce at the buffet table which I got that to dip with instead.

Also my mom and I got juices. Their orange juice is fresh squeezed! Not sure about pineapple juice but it was still good. They also have a million dessert options for some reason (cheesecakes, cakes, flans, mousses) but I went with the regular flan the server suggested and it was delicious and creamy ! They also gave a surprisingly big portion but I ate it all since it was so good. 

I must say though that despite this being an affordable spot, the servers were all super nice here. The guy who cuts meat, an hour into the meal we were stuffed, but he still came by to ask us if there was any meat we had that we still wanted more of! And the guy getting the dessert when he gave me my flan per his suggestion he said in case I didn't like it he would be glad to help me exchange for a different one. Really appreciate the amazing customer service they have here and for looking out to make sure customers enjoy their experience here. This place certainly doesn't look like a fogo de Chao decor wise, but everything else for how affordable it is makes it a great neighborhood spot if you're craving the Brazilian steakhouse experience !
I came here on a Sunday evening. We were a party of 7 with 2 babies. The service was good and all the employees were friendly. There's plenty of street parking.

The food in the buffet area were good. It's BYOB so that's a plus. We went a few doors down to grab some beer. The steaks that came out were a little salty. They have a small selection of cuts.

Best bang for the buck compared to other competitors in the area. For the cheap price, overall, the food was good. I would give them more stars if there were more selection of steaks and less on the salt.
Loved it here!  The staff was friendly and the food is so fresh! My family and I visited for Mother's Day and even my nana enjoyed the array of fresh salads! Let's just say we will be back for sure!
The steak was so good and it just kept coming and coming!
This is one of the best Brazilian restaurants I have ever been to. It's a local joint that is in a less than ideal neighborhood but, definitely a diamond in the rough. It's got two options: buy it by the pound it and all you can eat. I got the all you can eat and it was fantastic. It's like a little brother of fogo, much smaller in scale but for the price, you can't ask for anything more. The top sirloin is great, garlic and butter steak was on point, and the sausages... So delicious. They come out like fogo, with meat and knife and cut it for you right on the spot. If you're a meat lover but can't afford the expensive Brazilian places like fogo or na brasa, I would highly recommend here. It's also nice since they have their own parking spots. 

The service is excellent too so, that's a big plus. Just as an fyi, you know you're in the right place when you see natives of the restaurant show up. So good
My husband is Brazilian so when we found Casa Brazil, we knew we had to try it! $14 for all you can eat is a steal compared to other Brazilian steakhouses in the area. 

There is a Yelp deal but you have to print it off to redeem it. We had our deal on the phone and were told we couldn't use it. It wasn't a big deal because we will be back.

The environment is quiet, which is unusual if you have ever been around a group of Brazilians (; but it was nice. The place was empty when we walked in but people started coming and soon almost all the tables were filled!

The meat is delicious (and I'm not a big meat eater)! They definitely give you a big helping every time.
Purchased a Groupon and it was worth it for the Groupon price. Top sirloin and garlic sirloin were the best cuts of meat available. They definitely updated the dining area from a few years ago. The selections of sides was good (had the black beans, rice, yucca, and lasagna). I would go when it's just about to be busy so that the meat rotation come around a bit more frequently. But when it gets too busy, you can get forgotten (e.g. I asked for another soda, knowing it was extra, but never got it. Although probably saved a few bucks from it.)  Their flan is a MUST HAVE. It's very delicious and has the right amount of richness. We also did take out and it's  $12.99 per pound which is a bit more expensive than Picanha on Castor Ave. But the buffet here costs less than Picanha at $19.99 vs. Picanha at $25+. So it balances out.

Overall, I'd definitely come back for dinner.
They had coupons on groupon that you could use so you could save money so my sister got the rodizio for four and one $20 gift card. In the end, they charged us tip on our 4 person table and they did not give us a $20 gift card. It was 2 $10 gift cards that you're only allowed to use one per table next time, but hey, still saving money. 

**Food/service - Most of the meat that they came out with were between medium to medium rare and they were seasoned just perfectly! I loved the garlic steak which particularly had the most tender meat and flavorful fat accompanying it. The weirdest thing to me that they brought out was chicken hearts. Oh god, I can never unsee the face my brother made when he popped one into his mouth. BLEH. 
About 20-30 minutes into eating, they stopped coming around with meat as if they were deliberately avoiding our table. We were starving and we were trying to catch anybody who even came close to our table to finally give us some meat. Despite the avoidance of the meat servers, the guy who refilled our glasses of water never left us. Props to you for saving us from thirst.
This is the best steakhouse around a lot better than fogo de chao!!! The food is amazing the service is fantastic I recomend it to any meat lover! Make sure to try flan ! The whole experience was super! They were on top of our needs and recomended various foods to us. It was our first time in a place like this.Be sure to go on an empty stomach!
I have never felt like wanting give an establishment negative stars until my experience here. 

I come to this place frequently & like to have family dinners here. I haven't been here for a while but it seemed like it was under new management, or lack thereof.

So my family and I come to eat with a groupon. The groupon was for 4 people & we had 5 adults & one 6 year old child with us so we were acknowledged that we had to pay for our extra adult, which was totally fine. 

When it was time to pay, they charged the 6 year old that was in our party a full price for an adult. We asked why was she charged for an adult when she was 6 years old? The waiter got extremely offended and asked us if why would we think they would cheat us for a child? But first of all, it would have been nice if they asked the child how old she was before assuming she was over 7. Granted she was tall, but her almost 7 foot tall father, former professional basketball player was sitting with us. Another point, she sat there playing dinosaurs the entire time & ate some spaghetti. I asked them what their policy was for children & they said it was for 7 years old and under.  Which made us question why our THREE YEAR OLD was charged?

The waiter who served us spoke to us in an extremely rude manner until the point where his coworkers had to take him to the back. At random times, he would come charging from the back and start pointing and yelling saying that little girl was clearly not 6 years old. We asked to speak to the manager because at this point, we could not believe how we were being treated and talked to by this waiter. EVEN BETTER, the same guy who was serving us our chicken said that he was the manager. We tipped $30 on top of the 15% we were charged and we were so upset at the way they were speaking to us, so we asked for our tip back and the guy ripped up our receipt & told us to leave. Another girl came up & I explained to her that we wanted our tip back, she gave $1.33 in coins from their shared tip jar and slammed it on counter. Never in my life have I ever been so disrespected. 

Sorry, but you lost a lot of business. We bring a lot of friends & family here to eat but after this experience, you lost us & everyone else we know.
So I drove by this place last week and rushed home and looked it up on yelp. We went and it was amazing!  The person who seated us had to find a young man who spoke English to explain what was going on there. He sat us down, it was clean, cloth on the tables. We got the all you can eat for $20. It was just as good as other Brazilian steakhouses we have gone to but at a reasonable price. The young man waiting on us was attentive and gave us great service. They were always n the floor with at least two kinds of meat slicing for us. When I asked for more of the brisket they went and got me more. I cannot recommend this place enough . They only have canned and bottled drinks.
Delicious food that's it it's delicious 
One thing they need AC asap I only do take out
Groupon bought me and my family here, very good meal and well worth the price even without a Groupon. Cuts of meat were all very good and well seasoned. Also the salad bar had lots of choices and some really good items like shrimp mango salad, plantains, cod salad and a whole lot more! It's not on the same level as a Fogo or Chima but the cost is well below both of those paces and is still a great meal. The whole staff was extremely friendly and accommodating, couldn't have been nice people. We will definitely be returning with or without a Groupon!
Let me start out by saying, this is NOT going to be like the higher end brazilian steakhouses in the city. That doesn't mean the food isn't as good, just don't go in expecting that and yhou'll have a WONDERFUL meal. A group of us went for lunch. It's $15 for the salad bar and brazilian bbq, an extra $3 if you want them to walk around to your table (it's such a smll place, not necessary) They have a large well rounded salad bar with hot dishes as well (rice, beans, stewed meats, fish etc) and  then the bbq window. They had brisket, sausage, bacon wrapped chicken, rare beef and a few others. I was VERY impressed by the selection and quality of the food, especially for the price!
I've done a few places that offer the rodizio (grilled meats on skewers that they bring around tableside & carve slices off), and I really enjoy them, so always on the lookout for a good Brazilian restaurant with rodizio.  Located this one via Google, and read reviews which seemed supportive, so we gave it a try.  Walking in the place, it's very casual.  Buffet along one wall, and tables & chairs in the room arranged more like a cafeteria than a restaurant.  But the buffet foods looked good, and I wanted to try the rodizio, so we gave it a shot.  We were overall happy with the quality of the food.  The salads & side dishes on the buffet were pretty good, but pretty run of the mill (black beans, pinto beans, rice, collard greens, okra, etc..).  Everything was good, but nothing exceptional.  The rodizio was very good, especially for $20 price.  The night we were there, I counted about 5-6 different options, which seemed a little light for a rodizio experience.  They had top sirloin (excellent), as well as sirloin (very good), and a Brazilian sausage that was good.  They also offered beef ribs, which were not very good, and a couple other cuts of beef.  One was not enjoyable, and may have been a brisket or something along those lines.  But they brought the sirloin & top sirloin around several times, and overall, I was satisfied with their rodizio.  I've had better rodizio, with a lot more options, but at significantly higher cost.  I should also mention that the service was very good.  The waitstaff were friendly & helpful, which was great since we were novices here.  I'll definitely put it on my list of places to try back again another time.
I'd give 2.5 stars if I could. 

Like many, we came due to a groupon (it was $30 for 2 people after their nearly always running 20% off promo code). The restaurant also throws in a $10 gift card for another visit- after eating here I see why they want to bribe you to come back...

It sounds very promising- the ability to gorge yourself on quality, well cooked meats for a reasonable price. Unfortunately, Taste of Brazil absolutely goes for quantity over quality. If you've experienced other rodizio spots, you'll see that both are possible. But that is not executed here. 

The meat is VERY salty, some of the saltiest I've ever had. It's also pretty dry. What made this worse was they stop coming by to give you water refills once you've been there a little while. The meats offered were garlic steak, bacon wrapped chicken, bacon wrapped sirloin, 1 piece of what appeared to be shoe leather (but was apparently brisket), and some sausages. 

As you can see, I certainly ate and "got my money's worth," however in the future I think I'd rather either pay more for quality rodizio in a non-cafeteria atmosphere, or just go to a steakhouse. 

Pros:

-BYOB (no corkage fee either). They're happy to give you ice buckets for white wine or bubbly. 
-Not hard to find, basically at the corner of Bustleton Ave. and Roosevelt Blvd. 
-even without a groupon, it's $15 a person for rodizio lunch and $20 for dinner
-the desserts were absolutely delicious. We had a decadent chocolate cake and tres leches. 
-while they don't always answer their phone, at least we could make a reservation. It gets VERY busy after 6:30-7 pm on Saturday. 
-they have Mexican coke if you like good soda, along with Brazilian citrus drinks 
-coffee is delicious 

Cons:

-there is parking in the back but it's pretty tight and there may not be a spot for you. Street parking availability seems decent for philly. 
-the quality of the meats is very lacking (unless you like salty and well-done)
-service is so-so, I had a couple of polite requests ignored regarding meats, just straight up blown off by the waiter. 
-the ambience is lacking, it's simply a giant room 
-buffet was mediocre according to my boo (I only had meat). 
-groupon really doesn't save much at all off the regular price, especially if you don't use a promo code to buy. 

It comes down to "you get what you pay for." With dessert, coffee, and the $30 groupon, we came to $46 before tip. You could do better, but you could also do worse. 

If you've never had rodizio, you could give this place a try and then graduate to better spots in the future.
We liked The Taste of Brazil very much. It is casual unlike some of the other pricey Brazilian places. I had purchased a Groupon so the price was very reasonable.

We were happy with the delicious salads and sides especially eggplant, chicken salad & beet salad. The was lots of meat some we enjoyed more than others as would be expected. The servers were all so nice and the service was outstanding.

We'll be going back again soon I'm sure.
Got a Groupon for this place and came with my parents, brother, and grandparents. The place is much smaller and cozier than Fogo or Chima, with one large dining room containing the buffet line and another where the meat is prepared. It's not as elegant as these other top notch places, but for the much lower prices it's definitely worth it. 

The buffet options are pretty standard: rice, vegetables, fries, the chicken was pretty good. The grilled meats were great: the sausages had a nice snap to them, the chicken was some of the most juicy and tender I've had, the picanha was perfectly medium rare and delicious. The other cuts of beef (I forgot some of the names) were also yummy and quite tender, whether they were well-done or on the rarer side. I was only disappointed by the pork ribs which were pretty dry and cooked until way too crisp. We got flan, chocolate mousse, and milk mousse for dessert, which were good too. My favorite was the milk powder mousse, which was super creamy with the perfect amount of sweetness.

Service was great and with just the one main room meats were always coming to our table. At just $20 for AYCE brazilian bbq. this is probably the best deal around. Also, there are lower price options for just the buffet line (no bbq meat service) and "marmita", which I believe is takeout by the pound (?, there was no translation anywhere).
2 of us went here Sunday afternoon with a Groupon. All staff were helpful and attentive. We had some difficulty communicating and felt a bit out of place-- even though everyone was friendly. Meats were hot and tasted good. 
Lot was full...Street Parking was tight, but ok if you can parallel park once you locate a spot. Canned soda and pudding for dessert was a let down. Groupon price seemed similar to price without Groupon. Others there appeared to like the place a lot.  We probably will not return. It's OK-- just not for us.
My mother had a Groupon deal for the taste of Brazil. It came with two beverages per person, dinner and dessert. As soon as we enter the restaurant one of the employees greeted us. While that employee was off getting a table prepared for us In a matter of 3 minutes two other employees asked if they could help us as well. It was really nice to be acknowledged and be taken care of. taste of Brazil has a cold buffet which I'm accustomed to but in addition to that, they have hot food as well. rice beans collard greens yuca plantains. they had about 16 different varieties of meat the night that we came however I can only attest to see him about 4 including chicken. The food for the most part was yummy. I found the collard greens to be salty and my mother found the med rare meat to be tough. Our waiter  recommended getting orange b/c it's fresh-squeezed. It was  super yummy. You can also bring your own bottle
I came here for lunch with my boyfriend. It's 14.99 for lunch and dinner. I rather much enjoyed myself. I always go to Fogo and Chima for rodizio but I wanted to give this place a try since it was 5 minutes from my boyfriend's house. This place is really homey and casual. The buffet had a wide range of food which all tasted authentic and delicious. They had two different rice, beans, something like gnocchi in meat sauce, potatoes, fish, fried plantains, chicken wings, and many other authentic dishes. The salad bar was also filled with leafy greens, steamed vegetables, chickpea salads among others, fruits and other pickled condiments. Finally they had various cuts of meat from top sirloin, garlic steak, flank, brisket, ribs, sausages, chicken and more. All the meats were very tasty. The only thing is I didn't like the way they sliced the meat, it was super thin and irregular leaving only the charred piece and no medium rare to enjoy. One great thing is they chat their meats over charcoal which gives the meat a smokey delicious flavor. I enjoyed everything and think it's a great price for the portion of food they served. We also tried their fresh passion fruit juice which was refreshing and their tres leche dessert which was sweet and custardy. The service was great, the food was abundant and the meats were tasty. I would definitely come back. Give it a try!
A group of 11 of us went to Casa Brazil last night to celebrate a 50th birthday. We were not disappointed!
First, the service: from the moment we walked in, the staff was friendly, attentive and flexible. When we asked for a table re-arrangement, they very kindly did so.
All during the meal, the waitress was attentive to our table, asking if we needed more water, soda, or more of the wine and beer we brought with us.
Second, the food: delicious. Great food for a great price. The buffet was full. The rice, beans, fried bananas and vegetables were great. The meats were tasty--if just a tad salty as another reviewer commented.
The beef brought to the table was terrific. 
Lastly, we took our time to celebrate the occasion, and the staff did not make us feel rushed at all. 
Truly a great experience.
This is the first time for me to try Brazilian steakhouse, and i loved it. The food was good, the service also excellent. The place doesn't look to inviting though but when ur inside, they all so friendly and accomodate whatever you want. Attentive server and the meat guys also keep coming with their different of meats. It was a very nice experience for the first timer. Thank you guys. Will be back for sure.
Family box churrasco was a tasty meal for $35. We ordered pick up and it was ready within the hour. 

Came w:
- plenty of RICE (can choose white or yellow; we chose yellow)
- BEANS (can choose brown or black; we chose black)
- SALAD(can choose chicken, potato or green; we chose green; beets were a nice addition) 
- MEAT (chicken, sausage and steak; steak was def our favorite esp the fatty thick pieces that held all the flavor though some may feel too salty). 

We also ordered a side of plantains ($5). 

All was still hot by time it got home. 

Nice easy family dinner. Will order again - Thank you :)
I went here with my girlfriend and one of the workers was flirting and trying to pick up my sexy brazillian girlfriend when I was in the bathroom.  Very disrespectful , also they include tip as part of the price.

Do yourself a favor and drive a block or two away and go to Picahna on Castor avenue.  Much better food for the same price.
It wasn't busy when we visited Casa Brazil on a Sunday evening. We did not realize until we arrived that it is BYOB but luckily there is a deli a few doors down that sells beer. The hostess was extremely nice and friendly as well as the other workers that were about. There were two TV screens playing, one was showing a soccer game (the louder of the 2 TVs) and the other side was The Matrix. The seating are small tables of about 4 but can be pushed together for bigger parties, I assume. 

We were offered openers for wine and beer and also served water. The water had to be the biggest complaint since there were particles floating at the top. We later informed them of this but our waters were never replaced, maybe because we were at the end of our meal. The buffet was decent. Really great cheesy lasagna and I loved the beans and their rice. There is also a salad bar. The meat that were out were kinda dry, I would suggest going up for the ones on skewers. If you are going for the meat skewers, I recommend the chicken hearts! They are my favorite. The meats were also nice and juicy, including the chicken. I didn't think they were overseasoned, either. 

I'm not sure how this method of going up to the server to get the meat vs them going to your table works when it is very busy, but it is definitely less stressful than having lots of servers with skewers running to your table when your card is flipped to green. We took some desserts to go, including my favorites tiramisu and tres leches. Both were very good. We will definitely be visiting again. It is very affordable and the service is nice.
After spending time at a museum we went here for dinner. It's in a strip mall about 25 minutes outside of Center City. The place is small. They have a salad bar with sides that you can choose and they bring meats on large skewers around to the tables and slice off portions for you. I'm not sure how they season the food but Brazilian meats are always delicious. The staff here was helpful, although the waiters are a little slow to assist you. We had a Groupon so it was a good deal. We will be back. There is street parking along with parking around back.
Today 25Sep14, I decided tryout Casa Brazil. We got there @ 11:30am, and I think the food was good and the lady was very nice. I like ribs that was stewed in some sauce. However, I gave this place a lower score because we had to wait for the bbq, when it was us and another party. Also, I guess he wasn't too happy because I asked about the bbq after being ignored for 15 mins. I believe the server Fernando was too busy entertaining his friends. So in return, when he served us the bbq, it was over done and slightly burnt. I asked for medium, and he said no. There were some pieces that I tried that wasn't over cooked and tasted good & seasoned right. All I can say is that I think the food is good if I got the right cuts. The server Fernando, I would definitely void. I would recommend drink the passion fruit with your meal. They can also expand on their variety of meats.  Most likely I will not be going back and taking my business to Fogo De Chao.
This is amazing place. We were unsure of it because of the size compared to other places but trust me when I say go here. The food is amazing. I'm not a big chicken person but even their chicken had me eating it more than I usually do. My girlfriend doesn't like steak but they got her to eat steak 4 times. Willingly too! That's speaks volumes. 

Garlic steak and flank steak were the 2 best IMO. I will be coming back here often. They are about 45 mins from me but it is worth the trip. 

My gf and I went here for our anniversary dinner. We were going to go somewhere else more "fancy" but I wouldn't change our experience for anything. Thank you to the friendly staff and great food.
Never been to a place that automatically added a 10% tip for two people - I won't be back.
The food here is excellent.  

We first tried T of B last December and we have been back 4 times since.  We live a minimum of 1 hour away sometimes it takes up to 2 hours to get there depending on the time of day and traffic BUT it's worth it.

The salad bar is always fresh.  I typically get the beet salad, ceci bean salad, plantains, kale and quinoa salad and the delicious fruit.  

The carved meats are always so very flavorful and excellent as is the home made chimmichuri sauce that is offered at the salad bar. 

Staff is awesome - EVERY TIME we have been there - they are friendly, polite, informed and the carvers visit your table frequently which we really appreciate : )

The place offers little in the way of atmosphere but we do not mind because the food and service more than makes up for what it lacks in ambiance.

There are Groupons available for Taste of Brazil.  They are BYOB.  They accept credit cards.  

They offer yummy desserts too - the flan is so good!

Excellent food, great service, great prices - we are big time fans!
Awesome place, I frequently visit here when I am Craving succulent authentic Brazilian Barbecue. currently they have a lunch special  monday  through thursday all you can eat for $10. Unbeatable deal. normal dinner prices are 15.99 for all you can eat barbecue. They bring out large pieces of meat to your table and hand carve them to your liking. If you have not tried this place out yet it is a must visit!
Didn't like the guy host, but the female host and the man who brought around the meat were both super friendly!

Accommodating, good food, homey atmosphere... would come again!

As always, the picanha and the garlic steak are the best cuts!
Although it looks like a strip mall store from the outside, never judge a book by its cover. Things I was impressed with: the meat was outstanding. That is basically all. Things I was not impressed with: atmosphere, appetizer/salad bar, seating, language barrier, and service. Everyone was very nice but we felt a bit uncomfortable even ordering basic sodas. The appetizer bar was very very very limited! I was not impressed with the price verses what we were offered. This by NO MEANS compares to fogo or rodizio..... this is simply a fly by night mimic of a Brazilian steak house and extremely overpriced for what is offered. Not impressed overall. I'm not a picky eater or a picky critiquing  customer- not in the least bit- but my husband and I really were expecting something different especially after reading all the reviews. Things didn't match up. Also, there were flies and little gnats around my food the entire night.
We came here on a Saturday night for dinner and were pleasantly surprised!! Taste of Brazil definitely exceeded our expectations from start to finish! The place was filled with locals and has a super authentic feel to it. Meats were coming out of the kitchen fresh all night (and they offered a variety of cuts and levels of completion). They offered a variety of sausages, steaks, and even chicken hearts (which were so tender btw). The buffet was pretty standard but I did especially enjoy the collard greens, plantains, and rice and beans. The staff was attentive and friendly and answered all of our questions throughout our meal! I don't know that I'd come here for a romantic evening but I'll certainly be back for the yummy eats!!!
Good bang for your buck. Would help if I spoke Portuguese but I don't. Just make sure you tell them what you want and how much. If they stop slicing then nicely ask for more. Not really worth paying for them to come to the table. I'd rather go to the pit instead of waiting for someone to come to me. It's not the fanciest place in town,but for a good meal and byob, 14.99 buffet of Brazilian style bbq is a steal. You don't get the service of Chimas and other high end places but they cook the same type of meat for a quarter of the price. Also the puddings and passion fruit drinks are awesome. I wouldn't bring small kids because kids suck. Lol but if you have to it's okay. They do have high chairs
I was not impressed with this place. Purchased a Groupon for $37.00, it included 2 drinks, 2 buffets and 2 desserts. Walking in there is a sign that says All You Can Eat buffet for $14.99.  (Granted this was a lunch special available M-F 11a-5p)  We were there during those hours so it felt like we didn't really get a "deal".  I inquired what was the difference between the advertised price and groupon price and he basically said that I could not use the Groupon spruce during lunch? Huh? I said it did not say that on the groupon and he said he would allow me to use it. 

The salad bar was a thumbs down. U dercooked pasta salad and cold  appetizers that should have been warm. 

We had to ask for the meats to start coming.  Once the meats started coming the experience was a little bit better. Overall I would rather there service 2.5 our of five.  On the groupon it said dessert included however if you wanted cheesecake or tres leches cake there was a $1.00 up charge. They advertised chocolate flan but it was chocolate fudge.  


Likelihood of coming back is 0 out of 10.
$15 for AYCE brazilian bbq? How can you not?

Of course this place is not going to be on par with Fogo and Chima, but how can anyone (ridiculously) expect that for $15? 

They have a variety of meat, ranging from chicken, beef, pork, etc. You don't really get a choice of what level you want your meat cooked, but again, $15 unlimited, so I can't complain. Also, you have to get the meat yourself, unless you want to pay extra for them to come to your table. It might be worth it to pay extra on busy days or you might find yourself waiting hungrily in line for a while.

They also have side dishes on buffet display as well, like fries & rice.
One of the best brazilian steakhouse meals ive had in a long long time..the chicken..pork..and steak were all very well seasoned and juicy.and at a incredibly reasonable price
I had an incredible experience at Taste of Brazil! Not only was the food amazing and delicious, the service was even more impressive--everyone was extraordinarily kind and attentive and genuinely seemed happy to be there! I can't say enough great things about their meat selection, service, and desserts! We will definitely be back!
We came here last night. The staffs were nice and welcoming... the food was ok..nothing special comparing to other Brazilian places that we have been. 

But the thing disappointed me the most is..they stop serving while we were eating. I had to grab the waitor to ask him for more food. And some other waitor took our plate away. They were in the rush to kick us out.

We will not come back to this place.
Wanted to write this while it was still fresh in my mind. I have a thing for Brazilian steakhouses and had just went to a local churrascaria while in Orlando on vacation and loved it, and was drawn to this place by a Groupon, and so it was a no brainer making the purchase. Upon walking in it was a little disorienting , it's a very small but open space with minimal space between the tables settings. The gentlemen at the register were very nice even with a bit of a language barrier. At first I couldn't really understand how the process worked,  but eventually we discovered that you seat yourselves, get your own plates for the sides, but your drinks and the smaller plates that you use for the rodizio are given to you by the servers. After we sat down was the start of a very disappointing night. Relative to the restaurant size it was crowded but that didn't equate to many people and from the looks of things it was about half rodizio customers and half regular dining customers, but we ended up waiting a little while before someone came over to us to give us our plates , but that still wasn't my main issue. Once we got our rodizio plates, we got 2 different types of meat before we noticed a significant increase in wait time. Then about 2 more cuts of meat came out. After that we noticed that the gentlemen serving the meats would walk right past us on their way out of the kitchen with no rhyme or reason (mind you, we were at the second table out of the kitchen, right in front of the entrance doors) and also on their way back in. The first two times I didn't really think anything of it. Then it happened at least five more times after that that I can actually remember. I actually had to stop one of them on their way right past us just to get service. I noticed people were getting service before us that had tons of stuff already on their plate which contributed to my disappointment. I'd really like to only give 2 and a half stars if I could but the overall taste of the food we were able to get  and like I said the courtesy of the staff at the register made me want to go up rather than round down. I'm not sure if we didn't come at a good time or what but I don't think I'll be going back to find out. Good thing it was a Groupon because I don't think I would have gotten my money's worth if I'd paid full price. I'll be sticking to Picanha and Fogo/Chima .
I will not deny that the food is decent. The meats are well seasoned and flavorful (although should pork sausages be that pink?), and there are many tasty, healthy offerings on the salad bar.
The service is sporadic. They probably asked us three times how we were doing, but took forever to bring food or drinks.
Dessert. Oh, dessert. Flan or mousse? Both sounded delightful.
..... flan should not have flour in it. It was a cake. A flan-flavored cake. A flake?
Mousse? A light and aerated adult chocolate delight? Nope. A pudding cup. With whipped cream and chocolate syrup. Not artisanal additions. Redi-whip and Hershey's drizzle. Where was the vodka when you needed it?
Reasonably priced. Don't expect frills.
We went there just out of curiosity and turned out really enjoying the experience.  The service was second to none. The food was great I like my meat well done and they ask what's your preference when you're seated. Then when I started getting full from all the meat they kept bringing to the table I realized that I hadn't had the chicken hearts. So I asked and they were more than pleased to accommodate my request. I'd recommend this place to anyone. Very casual and not expensive but good quality. I'll be back for sure!!!
By far the best home made food ever !! Omg it was so delicious, will be coming back very soon! Thank you so much for making my birthday amazing
The remodel this place .it look great . The food still delicious, the. Service is good . Oh it's closer to my house too, that's a pus .
Really low key Brazilian bbq.  BYOB which is a huge plus.  Not nearly as pretentious as some of the other "high end" places in center city.  Meat selection was a little less than the big names, but everything tasted great.  Waiters were helpful and friendly.  Buffet for apps/sides was also pretty good.  Amazing collard greens!  Also, this place is a LOT  more family friendly than any ive been to.  I would definitely recommend.  Very good experience.
Solid, cheap & quick brazilian food. Choose from buffet or food-by-weight (comida de kilo). Rice, beans and rest of sides are a bit better than the meat, which won't compare to some of the nicer places.

Overall a quality deal.
Fantastic service. Attentive servers. Cuts of meat are superb and tasty. All around recommend!
Dry rice. Good chicken. Don't know the names of anything from buffet, but going by looks, the yellow ish tinted chicken was yummy. Sausage was good and crisp. Nice snap to it. Sirloin steak, well done, does the job to satisfy the craving. A tad bit dry. Downside: can't take buffet home if you sit and eat.
I used to come to this place like 2 times a week, but this year they have increased the price 3 times already. I mean it is churrasco, but in north philly come on. Place is not fancy. In my latest visit I saw they add the tip in your bill too. Food is good, but not excellent. I lived in Brasil, so I know Brazilian food. I just liked this place because it is on my way to work. Well, the good thing is that there are other options in the same area. I won't be coming here anymore. BTW, buffet is 20 dollars now. I saw some reviews that said 14,99 that was like 2 months ago ...
I love this place, you get good quality meat and food. The staff is great.if you want to have a good dinner, just come here. Its great for steak lovers.
I was in the mood for a meal consisting mostly of meat so I decided to stop in since I've wanted to try their food since they opened. Prices were not as posted, service was horrible, they charge extra for meat off the barbecue and only give you one small piece is each. And when I say small, the piece of chicken was about 2 1/2 inches! And mostly everything was overcooked and very dry. I will never eat here again.
The food was very tasty, I enjoyed everything I ate. It was my friend's first time eating Brazilian food and he loved it but he didn't know to pace himself with the salads and rice at the buffett. I paced myself as I didn't want my belly to explode from fullness. A few meats came out sirloin, top sirloin, chunk a garlic beef, brisket, and the most delicious chicken legs and wings. The waiter then asked if we wanted anything else.. Was that it? For some reason I thought there would be lamb chops, leg of lamb, salmon and sausage like the other place but it was very tasty. I also liked the plaintains and fried yucca. The mango juice was interesting and good. If I critique anything for improvement .. I think we liked the chicken legs the best, very juicy, but even though we had our lil coin flipped it seemed to take forever to get any meat. It was probably 10-15 minutes to get chicken legs and no other meats came out during that time. It was not busy at all, just us and another couple. It was a nice pace, I am not overly full, mostly cause they take a lil too long to come around, I got tired from sitting so long. I did enjoy the food though the service needs improvement.. And I wish the plaintains were hot with some sauce on it but everything was still very good with the Living social coupon.
One word to describe this place AMAZING !!! I had my birthday dinner here this past Saturday and staff was amazingly friendly and food was amazing.  It was a great experience I would definitely return in the future and will recommend this place to All.  If anyone is thinking about trying this place out, Do it !  You won't be disappointed!
The stand alone buffet is pretty good with several offerings that stand out. The freshlu cooked meats are wonderful, just what I would expect from a Brazilian steakhouse. Even the chicken was good, especially the garlic chicken. Service was spot on as usual from this restaurant, which means a lot as it was a busy Saturday night. I wish the sodas were fountain sodas but that is not a big thing. If I were to improve the place I would only change the lighting to make it softer and warmer. I will continue to dine here without question.
I didn't like eating here, beef is not good and the food. Very expensive and they add tip in your bill. I recommend the other Brazilian restaurant Picanha grill at castor Avenue. The best Brazilian food in the area. 

Não gostei desse restaurante, caro e tem que pagar gorjeta por uma comida que não é boa, o churrasco nao é bom. Prefiro mil vezes o restaurante Picanha grill que fica na Castor Avenue.
Celebrated my 61st Birthday here with my family since I have had a craving for rodizzio, and craving satisfied!
Come my gout and hypertension. 
I love my meats.
Not too bad. Wasn't sure what to expect from this place. Met a few friends here for a get together. Was pleasantly surprised. A decent variety of foods. Some very good, others not so much. Catch anything as it comes right out and you're fine. However, some of the side dishes sit in the heating trays too long, drying them out and over cooking them. But the steak, chicken and such were all nicely cooked.

Please be aware, the prices are a bit on the high side. But I felt it was worth it to try something a little different. Worth a shot, if just for the fresh steak they had.
The steak melted in your mouth. Amazing! The atmosphere was clean but cheap. Angel and I agree the steak, particularly the top sirloin, was better than fogo de chao ... Yes, better! Pay $50 a plate there or at chima and be treated like royalty. Or go here for $25 a plate (or less if you walk up to get your meat) and enjoy the same food while keeping your budget.
Disappointed.  I enjoyed the place so much the times that I came here before.  I thought, Friday night, they'd bring their A game, I'd bring friends.  Maybe I just enjoyed it too much before.  Maybe New Year's week threw them off.

First off, the hot buffet wasn't as good, both in variety and quality of product.  No feijoada.  No couve.  The cold buffet was also not as good.  Did not have the variety of salads and what they had wasn't as fresh.

We paid the extra money so they'd bring the churrasco to the table.  They stopped by the table a few times then stopped coming.  They went to other tables in the dining room, just passed by ours.   My friends commented on it, and eventually we walked up to the grill to get meat.  The guys at the grill were talking to folks in Portuguese and laughing.  The impression it left on my friends was we were being passed over because they weren't Brasilian, which sucked for me since I am proud of my Brasilian heritage.

Basically, if you bring friends here, be ready to be embarrassed.  Not sure if and when I'll go back.  I enjoyed it so much before, it brought back such great memories.  At some point, I guess I'll give it another chance, but I certainly won't bring friends.
A very casual place to grab a quick but satisfying and filling bite. They offer various different kinds of meats that is complimented with a small buffet. I throughly enjoyed my experience, the staff was very kind and explained the difference between the buffet and the weighted plate.
If looking for ambiance, not the place. If looking for well seasoned and flavorful food. This is your place. Only down side was that side dishes were minimal due to it being close to the end of the night, however, the meats were flowing and plentiful. Owner present and constantly checking on diners, assisting servers when needed.
If you are a meat lover you will go crazy at this place. I have been dying to finally go to a braziallian steakhouse, but this was just ok the buffet part was interesting but tasty. I had to guess what I was eating annd it was tasty. Some of meat was tough I think it was the ribs. Although I will take others for the experience. I don't think my stomach can handle so much meat. But worth trying
Yep. Gave it another try.  Don't bother with the place.  Service sucks.  Unless you know exactly what to ask for, preferably in Portuguese, even forgoing the table service is not a good option.  Left me feeling like I was an inconvenience to them, that they didn't want me around.  No worries. Problem solved.
A friend of my husband  recommend this place to us. . I really did not enjoy myself.  Customer service and the food was not what I expected the place is so bright!  Not planning to go back
The food here is great. Wasn't much selection as far as the sides go. It was slow and empty when I went in on a Saturday afternoon.
do not buy the groupon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

groupon states that it is a 60 dollar value.. let me tell you that is a lie. rodizio is 20 dollars per person, drink is 1.75 per person, and the dessert is 3 dollars per person.. therefore the total cost without a groupon is 24.75 cent per person... at THAT PRICE... the building and service reflects the meal correctly. the building looks like a converted Laundromat. But never judge a book by its cover, so we went in, and redeemed the groupon to give it a fair share. we sat there for 1 hour and 23 minutes (timed it before we couldn't take it anymore) and only had 3 meat selections brought to our table.. literally the worst service ever.. the last time I had to get up, go to the host desk and ask them why there were not serving up. while the meat selections were tasty (especially the garlic chicken) a restaurant gets reviewed on more aspects then just the taste of the food. and because of the ambiance, service, lies about the value of the groupon, I have to give this place a failing grade. and for the other reviewers. there are plenty of rodizio style places that offer great value in pricing while not compromising on service or ambiance.

sorry for the various misspellings.
Stopped serving after half an hour of sitting down. I actually really liked this place but the Meats were very salty and they stopped coming to all the tables at 8 pm. It's now 8:30 all the workers were packing g up to go. I asked finally and three people who worked there seemed dumbfounded. Certainly you realize how people are looking around? It's actually very awkward to ask you to realize you stopped coming around. Got a Groupon 2 people for $30  thank God I didn't have to pay for more. My friend wanted to go on picanha and I wanted to try this place but I honestly wish I didn't. My friend said " I like picanha better I don't like how they stopped serving like that" I also ran out of water twice(I asked and no one came back for the 3rd one)  and no one came around. It's now 8:41pm  I have only had 3 PIECES of meat come around the room in the last HOUR. Definitely won't be coming back here
Good brazilian food. Not the best but cheaper than some other brazilian steakhouses. Not much variety of food. You get what you pay for kinda place. 
But it is clean and the waiters are really nice.
I could not believe they charged my 19 month old for $6.99..what can a baby eat in there...plus there is no menu or price list mentioned about kids under 2 have to pay and neither the server said that.  When i questioned why did they charged they just shrugged the shoulder as if they didnt care.  The guy at the cashier had such rude manner. How can they do the business like this. They will charge whatever they want without telling you. The foods were not clean cuz we had to run to the bathroom afterward. Please Please save your money and go some where else...
Great value! This was a great place to go to for a buffet for either lunch or dinner that is under $20! They had pretty good ceviche, and the meat was delicious!! I love picanha and was impressed for what I had paid. I would definitely go back there and recommend to my friends!
Came here with my friend during lunch and we were seated pretty quickly. My friend grew up in Brazil and she highly recommended this place. They have great selection at the buffet bar and their meat was flavorful and tender. I absolute recommend Picanha and Maminha, which were hands-down the most delicious cuts of beef I've ever had. Freshly squeezed orange juice was also a must! Great value and food selection. Will definitely come back when I'm around that area!
I order my food at 6:40pm, called back an hour and a half later and asked them for the ETA they told me the delivery person left already with my order and should be delivered soon, it is now 9:48pm and I haven't heard a word from them ,when I try to call to cancel no answer. Horrible never again ! No thanks
My husband and I purchased a Groupon and figured we would give this place a try since we have been to Fogo, Picanha, Rodizio Grill, and Nabrasa. Now, it is not as elegant as Fogo, or Nabrasa, but you are saving half of what you usually would pay. The staff was absolutely friendly, attentive, and the food was top notch. The meats were seasoned perfectly, and to top it off it is BYOB. If you have ever been to Fogo you know drinks range from  $12- $15. If you're in the mood for Brazilian and not in the mood to drop a ton of $$$ give this place a try.
Low key restaurant but they do aim to please. Our waiter , Gabrielle couldn't do enough for us. The food was excellent and the service. 

Not much as far as appearances but, what they made up for was in service. It's pretty much all you can eat and, they constantly come around with different meats. The meats were delish. Gotta say, I'm stuffed to the Gills!

The only issue we had were gnats bugging us and one landed in my smoothie. Darn, it was so good too! I did mention it to the manager. 

I'd try it again dispute the flys. I'll take a fly swatter next time.
