I gave them ONE star and would give HALF if I could due to their customer service or shall I say LACK THEREOF. I'm new to the Mt. Airy neighborhood and love Indian food. The location I'm specifically speaking of is the one on 7105 Elm St.

I ordered delivery service from them before and I was pleased;  the food was pretty good, not amazing or anything but worth the price. The delivery service, within an hour which is the usual. No complaints there. However, last night 12/19, I was extremely hungry, hadn't eaten all day and I was in the mood for Indian.  Really excited, I called and placed my order at 6:23 pm. 7:33 came and went and no food. At 7:44 I call them to find out where my food is. At this point, I'm about to eat my own arm because I'm so hungry! The guy on the phone who was pretty rude and abrupt plus I could barely  understand a damn thing he was saying tells me that the driver should be there and that he would call to find out....I then get a call from the driver stating that it MIGHT (key word being MIGHT) be another 20 to 30 minutes before I get my food. WHAT?!?!?!  

I then decided to call Tiffin back and let the guy know that his driver just told me I have to wait another 20 to 30 minutes and asked If they are going to give me a discount? At this point, I would be getting my food after 8 pm and I'm STARVING!!! If i would have known that, I would have ordered from somewhere else. So, Mr. Rude/Abrupt guy basically tells me he's gonna cancel my order. 

ARE YOU SERIOUS?!?!? I just sat here and waited patiently for food for almost TWO HOURS and you tell me that instead of giving me some sort of discount for my wait and for customer service purpose you rather CANCEL my ORDER?!?! ARE YOU SERIOUS?!?!? You would much rather lose a customer and get negative word of mouth than to have some customer service practice to let your client know you appreciate their patience and their business- REPEAT BUSINESS at that! 

So Mr. Rude/Abrupt guy would NOT give me any sort of discount . Told me to either wait the 20-30 minutes or to cancel the order. That is CRAZY! I chose to NOT give them my business since they do not deserve it since they could care less if they lost a Client anyway.

I'm involved in the customer service industry and that is NOT how you treat your Clients. It's very very sad. I will NO LONGER eat here. It's the PRINCIPLE and I will certainly BLAST them out on yelp and will make sure NO ONE I know wastes their money or time with them. The worst part is that they STILL charged my card. Yep, sure did. So now I have to call because when I did call earlier the "Manager" was on break. RIDICULOUS!
MY REVIEW WAS DELETED!  
I just added it again.  It's from november 9th.
What's wrong with telling the TRUTH??  It's so gross it can't be known???
We were eating at home (take out) until my husband spitted because he felt something crispy...in a lamb plate with nothing crunchy, and there it was...A ROACH!!
I'M NEVER EATING HERE AGAIN
Let's see how long it takes them to delete them again.
Another typically generic Northern Indian place geared for timid, non-discriminating Western palates. 

I've never gotten take out from here, but can't imagine it being better than what is served in house. Service is indifferent, food is forgettable, prices are on the high side for what you get. Each time I've been here, I had to go to the cashier to pay as waiting to get the check was a glacial event. 

Three banal meals here convinced me there was no reason to return.
I would spend more time bashing this place if it hadn't just taken 2 hours to get my dinner. Now I'm out of time to discuss the rudeness of the person who answered the phone when I called to inquire after 90 minutes. I can't share how the food arrived barely warm, and with little semblance of any flavor that might have once existed. 
I decided to order Tiffin delivery instead of my favorite Mt. Airy standby of Jyoti. I thought I would save a little time and still have good food. I have never been more wrong.
I love how this place is plopped on the most random street ever! its small yet spacious.... the staff is very nice.. and the food.. well the food is frigging AWESOME!  I'm not really a fan of the samosas.. I think they are a bit under seasoned.. however.. that's my only complaint thus far.. their take-out rivals my germantown indian eatery .... however they still haven't gotten to the spicey level that I like but the deliciousness of their flavors work just the same for me
I have not been to the original location, but if I believed in karma I'd would have to assume that it was mostly good, but had done something wrong at some point in its life.

The now incarnation is just a little too small, a little too hot, a little too long of a wait for the table, menus and food. I felt a little like someone forgot to tell me I was participating in a nonviolent resistance sit-in.

But man, I did like the food. Spicy, creamy, and complex dishes that made me feel like donning a pith helmet, taking over the subcontinent to start a trading company.

They are a BYOB, and luckily we brought a screw top, I think that with the wait for everything else you might want to do the same. The deco is the colors of curry, tamarind, and turmeric. The staff is harried, but attentive. And I will be visiting as often as possible.
I'm sorry. There I said it. I was once a hater of Indian food until I ate at Tiffin. 

The space is small - only a couple tables, but it's usually pretty bumpin' in there. Have eaten in twice. Service is ok, but how come the food takes so long??? Give me my chicken tikka masala now!!! It's probably just my impatience and hunger that makes the wait seem just that long. Both times I've been there has been a steady stream of people picking up their orders. They all seem so happy carrying out their bags full of all that goodness. 

The Germantown location seems kind of random, but there's plenty of street parking right out front and the food is great.
Placed an order via eat 24 and waited for more than one hour. When enquired about the order they said they have no drivers available for delivery after 9 even though it is open till 10pm. Ok, fine.. But at least they could have informed me when they received the order instead of waiting for me to call and check after an hour . And this is the second time it has happened to me here. Poor customer service.. Avoid !!!
I've never been to India, but I imagine that it's hot, crowded and a bit noisy. This pretty much sums up the physical experience I had tonight at Tiffin - but I'm not sure if it will always be like this, as it just opened a few days ago and anyone dining there in the next few weeks will surely feel their growing pains. 

While the space is colorful and cute, it's also super, super tiny - which explains why we had to wait on the sidewalk outside for about 40 minutes for a table. Once we were seated, we waited about another 10 minutes for menus - but man, were they prompt in refilling those water glasses! Luckily it's a BYO, so we cracked open the Riesling (note: bring a screw top bottle or your own opener. You could be waiting a while) and waited. And waited. And then waited a little bit more.

But when the food did come, it was very good, as I suspected it would be after reading all the glorious other Northern Liberties Tiffin reviews. The Navrattan Korma was deliciously creamy, the Chicken Tikka Masala was not too spicy and apparently the lamb was "tender and earthy" (I'm not a lamb eater, so this is a direct quote from one who is). 

If they get some air condition in there and speed up the service, I can see this place being 5 stars all the way. So stay tuned..and maybe take advantage of the takeout option for now.
Tiffin used to be great when it first opened, but seems like its been in constant decline for a while now. The food is hit-or-miss, the service slow and fairly surly (seems to be the same  whether you're eating in or take-out, so at least they don't discriminate). Their estimates on when your order will be ready for pickup should not be taken too literally - I've waited in the restaurant for up to half-hour past the anticipated pickup time.

Oh, and for take-out it's not cheap either, so you'd expect some level of quality and consistency.
Good food that's delivered! What more do you need?

I first had this at a friend's place. A week later I was home, hungry, and lazy so I went online and va-va-va-boom the food is in my belly...well not that fast but u get the point.
Dishes are especially spicy to me but then again I likes it spicccaeee.

Would recommend to others will make this my indian spot until I find something better and closer.

I am changing the rating to a 3 (from a 4)-
They are good for convenience but as for the taste I came to realize that the meat items aren't soo tasty. The sauce lacks actual flavor/salt. It's like eating with Ms. Dash..the spices have an accent on the dish but no actual flavor. Kinda disappointed toward the end of my meal(week..since I ordered enough food so i didn't have to cook that week) since I ordered a few dishes...I frequently had to add salt which I've never had to do with indian food. Prob won't be ordering from here for a whileeeeee.
I've already reviewed Tiffin, just a different location.

My experience here was takeout.  We placed an order via GrubHub and when we showed up, the food was basically ready.  I think they were confused by me saying GrubHub because maybe they just see it as an online order.  Either way, about two minutes after walking in, our piping hot food was in the bag we we were on our way.

The samosas were large and crunchy.  The chutneys served with them seemed a bit thin but that is just a minor complaint.  The Dal Makhani was delicious and buttery as always.  The Kaju Matter was amazingly good.  I'm a fan of paneer and while I normally go for saag (spinach) I was convinced to try peas and I was happy I did.

Lasooni (garlic) naan of course as an accompaniment.

Delicious and maybe a bit pricey for takeout, but well worth it.  You will have leftovers.
I've had Tiffin a couple of times.  The first time was... ok.  The food was decent, but the tables were small and too close to each other. Plus the wait time was excessive.  

The second time I just ordered garlic naan to go.  I was going to make butter chicken at home, but didn't have the time to mix and knead the dough to make the naan myself like I usually do.  I was going to pass near there anyway so I called and placed my order a half hour ahead of time.  Surely that would be enough time for them to have some naan prepared.  Guess not, I had to wait out in my car for another 20 minutes before it was ready.  

The naan couldn't have even been recognized as that.  It was almost burned and entirely covered with giant chunks of garlic.  Now I love garlic in almost everything, but that was waaaaaay too much and it had a funny smell. Even after scraping it all off, the naan was still too foul to eat.  I kicked myself for spending about $10 for something that I could have made worlds better for 50 cents and threw it all in the garbage.  

Anybody who likes this place must be Indian food novices.  There are plenty of other places around that are much better.  I urge these people to seek them out.
All the reviews about not getting your food in a reasonable time are absolutely correct. If you're super hungry, do NOT order from here. 

I loathe the markup from all these delivery places; grubhub/doordash/postmates etc make a $20 meal for two almost $40 with delivery fees, services fees and taxes on both. When I can, I try to order directly from a restaurants website, or call. 

Tiffin has a website. Tiffin even allows for credit card payments ON DELIVERY. Whaaaaat!?! Great. So I ordered Samosa Chaat, a meal I've eaten over and over again at a million indian (and indian inspired) establishments. They had a "Game Day Deal" that included three appetizers for $15 (a $6 savings). I ordered this and was excited about how easy I thought Tiffin had made the transaction. 

A full 1.5 hours later I was on my second call to them asking for the status of my food. Moments later though the driver rang my bell and I hurried to the kitchen to unpack my food. 

*insert expletives*

Samosa Chaat is essentially a chick pea stew with vegetable samosa dropped in. All three containers were JUST SAMOSAS. not a single chickpea, not even the sauces that come with. just dry samosas. Included in the bag were two very large containers of dipping sauces. The containers themselves were labelled "samosa chaat" I'm assuming to ensure the preparer or the customer knew what the content should be....

Due to my hunger I ate the samosas. I should have called an demanded they send the driver back but didnt. A less than heroic move on my part I guess. The food wasnt bad. Wasnt what I ordered either, but the flavors were in line with what I was craving. I dont know that I'll ever offer this place my money, via delivery anyway. And I cant honestly say they I'd recommend anyone else to either. It really just wasnt worth the frustration or disappointment.
This review is for dine in service, I've never ordered take out from this location.
Last night my husband took me on a date for Indian food. It's rare for us to go since he's not the world's biggest Indian food fan.
We had the Garlic Naan which while hot, tasty, and light, could have used a bit more garlic. I had the Tandoori Shrimp which was very good. The shrimp we're cooked perfectly and had good flavor. My husband had the Lamb Korma. He enjoyed his dish, but stated the lamb was slightly overlooked.
The restaurant it's self was pleasant and service was friendly and attentive. They are BYO.
This was one of the most frustrating dining experiences I have ever had. I totally understand that vegan and gluten-free food can sometimes be difficult to comprehend. But, when the menu has vegan and gluten-free designations on it, and then you attempt to verify those designations and are told "It's vegan except for a little cream added to the base sauces" and "It's gluten-free except for a little all purpose flour added to the batter" and "Oh, I guess the chef added some paneer to your dish. It's only a couple pieces, though. You can just pick it out, right?" you start to question your sanity and the miscommunication. My group had to have all of our meals redone because one was ordered as medium spicy but was super spicy to the point of inedible and the other two dishes were requested to be vegan but had paneer in them. The dishes themselves were enjoyable, but nothing life changing for Indian food. I ordered the Onion Bjahi and Vegetable Chettinad. The server was so clueless that when I asked specifically for vegan Chettinad with vegetables, she asked, "with chicken?" The server was very nice, but the miscommunication and confusion was pretty much impossible. On another note, my water was only refilled when I was able to wave the server down and ask for more water and we did not receive any comp on our check for messing up our orders so bad. I can say with complete confidence I will never be dining at Tiffin again. Also, note to the restaurant, please change the designations on your menu if they are incorrect!!
Oh how the mighty have fallen. So sad to write this review as Tiffin used to be an incredible delight. Over the years, the quality has gone dramatically down hill. Ordered takeout tonight and was disappointed in how poorly our food turned out. The sauces are so unbelievably watered down - they used to be thick, creamy, and filled with flavor. Now they are like soup and have absolutely no taste at all. The naan were so dried out and lacked that buttery fluff that makes you want to go back for just one more bite. To top it all off: they do not even give you basmati rice! I don't know what kind it is,... white, I guess... but it is NOT traditional basmati. It seems as though they have cut back on everything that makes Indian so delicious - the texture, depth of flavor, combination of heat and spice. I can't even describe how sad it is to see a restaurant go from being stellar to.. this. I think this occurred when they expanded to so many locations and perhaps traded quality for quantity. I would highly recommend taking your business elsewhere - there are so many wonderful Indian restaurants now that Tiffin just isn't worth your time or money.
This place is crowded and you usually have to wait, but I take that as a good sign. If you go at a weird time or an off day, you'll get right in. They also deliver which is awesome... and even label the containers for you so you know which sauce goes on what. 
I personally like my food a little bit spicier, but it's always fresh and they don't over do it by adding extra, unneeded ingredients. 
The staff is friendly, but not overly so which is fine by me. They have wholewheat nan, and I feel healthier getting my delivery fix from here rather than the greasy Chinese place.
Solid Indian food with some subtlety.   Not great atmosphere for dining in, but reliable for take-out -- easily the best ethnic food in Mt Airy/Chestnut Hill.

For the person who says they found a roach in their food, I'm pretty sure that would have been a cardamom pod, which has a crunchy, shell-like texture which (to the uninitiated) might be mistaken for a bug!
Miriam has moved to the pretty little hamlet of mt. airy. The best part of her move is she is closer to center city and she is so close to this little cafe.

I have had tiffin delivery from northern liberties several times. However, eating in the restaurant is a treat. We had to wait quite a bit, it was a friday night, but it was fun to watch that lady get drunk and the table of teenagers.

I was quite impressed with all the choices of beverages from India in glass bottles! Along with lassi's and the like.

We shared aloo gobi and butter chicken. The rice was divine and the naan so fine.

I heart tiffin!
So since my last post in March, my thoughts on Tiffin has expotentially become more negative.  On Friday, we ordered Tiffin again, and decided to give delivery another try.  

I was put on hold for a long time before my order was finally taken.  When the order came, they left out a main dish, but it was still charged to my credit card.  I called up immediately and asked them to send over my chicken tikka masala and the man on the phone tried to convince me to just take credit for my next order!  He said they only had 1 driver and my order will take over an hour and half to arrive.  What?! It was their mistake, and they never apologized, and did not make the effort to move up our order.  

My husband's dinner arrived 2 hours later.  Tiffin refused to refund the money on the credit card.  We refused to take credit since we will never be dining there again.
I love Tiffin. It has drawbacks - unless you're lucky you'll wait. And that's a problem if it's not nice weather, because there isn't anywhere to wait. Which is also a problem when you get to sit down if you get a table near the front where everyone still waiting is stuck standing. They really really really need to figure all of this out.
BUT...
The food is terrific - I've had three vegetarian entrees and every one was outstanding. As is the tilapia appetizer. the naan with nuts and dried fruit is to die for, the other bread isn't as impressive. It's not very spicy, though you can ask them to turn up the heat and they will.
And it's cheap, and the service is really nice (if not very professional).
Overall, Tiffin is simply a great neighborhood spot.
While living in Philadelphia, this was absolutely one of my favorite little restaurants in Chestnut Hill/ Mt. Airy. Though take-out wait times could be long, and though the service was sometimes spotty, the food is always delicious, and reasonably priced as well!

It's BYOB, which is fantastic in and of itself.

Some of my favorites include the saag paneer, chicken korma, butter chicken, and lamb roganjosh, as well as the onion baji and samosas to start. The rice is always cooked well, as is the naan.

My heart aches a little bit when I think of about Tiffin beacuse it really makes me miss living in Philadelphia. Sigh.
Takeout from here makes my coworkers jealous. The sandwich-bringers have to watch me unpack my large white paper bag, filled with an aromatic entree, rice, naan, free dal, and an assortment of chutneys. Every dish I've had from here has been delicious (though not always first in its class), and I've found a new favorite (and guilty pleasure, admittedly) with the paneer tikka masala. Their mint chutney also curries favor with my taste buds for its flavor (pun intended, sorry).

If the price makes you want to hit up a buffet instead, just remember that it will make two good-sized meals.
Inconsistent. 

Tonight was told there was no delivery person and so ordered from another restaurant only to have a delivery person from Tiffin show up 30 min later.
I really wanted to like Tiffin. They need good indian food here. With no reservations waiting for a table is ridiculous-not only for those with no where t to wait but also for the tables near the entrance with people hoovering over them and like 10 people crowding the front.  Tiffin owners-FYI!!!!! --put a bench outside!!! Even cold you need to have a place for people to wait besides over your front 3 tables!  Or-take cell numbers and call customers when the table is ready so they can wait in the car! 
With that said--good prices-nice service -food is alright-not spicy.
Update:  The last visit was my last.  The food was tasteless and nasty again.  This Tiffin location can't seem to keep a chef / cook.  There is no consistency with their food anymore.  Some times it's on point, other times it's too spicy and then at times no flavor.  Save your money and go elsewhere.
Not sure what's happened here, but for several months now - the quality and consistency of the food is sporadic.  You never know from visit to visit, if your favorite dish will be the same.  Seems to be under new management with changing chefs.
Outrageously slow delivery (2 hours) and terrible customer service. Why put up with this when you can order from Jyoti?
This was a difficult review write. The place was pleasant and small. It was byob which was nice. The food was great... 

However the service not so much. Our waiter could barely speak English or even understand it. I ordered traditional curry with salmon... Never got my curry, which was really upsetting because that was the one thing I was really there for. I had to share curry from my girlfriend's meal. When I explained this to the waiter he didn't see to know what I was talking about. I even pointed to the menu item when I ordered it. To make matters worse my bill was for a curry pot which I never received I only got salmon. After explaining this to the waiter he still had trouble understanding me. So I asked for a manager. I explained what I ordered, what I got and what I was charged. He apologized and removed my entree from the bill.

The food was good and that saved the review for this place. Without the bad service it would have easily been a 4 or 5 star. I would definitely advise the owner to either get the server some English language courses or put another server out that has a better grasp of the language. I mean I appreciate the authenticity but the language barrier was too strong.
I used to love Tiffin. I first ordered from their Girard Ave location, and the food was great. Unfortunately, the quality of their food and their service has sharply declined. I always get Chicken Tikka Masala and naan. Today, I ordered my usual. The naan was good, but the Chicken Tikka Masala was bland and barely had any meat in it. The sauce was also lighter in color than it normally is so maybe that's why it was so bland. There was way more rice than needed for the amount of chicken and sauce. I'm disappointed that their food is no longer as good as it used to be. This will probably be the last time I order from them. The one positive thing I can say is that it didn't take three hours to get my order this time because I ordered delivery through GrubHub.
I've been eating from Tiffin since they first opened and for that reason I'm so sad to say that their quality overall has declined over the years. They're very cheap! In the past they've overcharged me and refused to give me the proper change due and recently the last few meals I've ordered have been meager. A $16 curry and I get 5 small pieces of meat swimming in a container of sauce? It used to be that one order was enough for 2 meals and you always had leftovers. Now I'm lucky if it's enough for one meal. I just spent $30 on delivery from them and I'm still hungry and I'm not a large person mind you. Very disappointing.
I have to update my Tiffin review. Over the last year we've taken to ordering delivery from Tiffin on a regular basis and I am completely hooked. I am in love with their kaju muttar paneer. Their saag paneer is wonderful. I found the sauce on their malai kofta not quite as good, but it may have just been an off night. My boyfriend's devoted to their chicken korma.

They always include dal and a selection of sauces and relishes to go along with the order and it's plenty of food for two meals.
Very good food, that is all that's good about this place.

They run their business very poorly. About a year ago, it would take them 1.5-2 hours to deliver the food. 

My last 2 experiences, they took my order over the phone then called back 5 minutes later to cancel stating my residence is too far away. Perhaps you should say that from the beginning. It's a good thing I didn't give my credit number.

I am never ordering from here ever again, I don't care how good the food is. They don't deserve my hard earned money.
Been here a couple of times and so far have tried the butter chicken, chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, chicken korma and some sort of lamb kabab appetizer.  Everything was great.  I've never had such perfectly cooked rice!  The place does get rather hot and the ventilation could be improved for those dining in.
First I'd like to say that I enjoy Tiffin's food in general, but this location is really poorly run.  I have had multiple problems when ordering from here and the management is always extremely dicky and argumentative. 

The final straw came when I called and ordered the vegetable makhni tiffin.  If you are not familiar with this restaurant, they list three "tiffins" on their website for every day of the week.  These "tiffins" are combination meals that include an entree a side and a dal.  When my girlfriend went to pick up the order she was given what she was told was dal makhni and that that was the tiffin dish of the day.  Meanwhile the side dishes that come with the meal are potato and dal.  So basically instead of having the vegetable makhni (as listed on their websites tiffin menu), we ended up with two dals and potatoes.  Talk about disappointment.  I mean, I love lentils but I really didn't want two servings of lentils, and had looked forward to the vegetable makhni.  The manager refused to acknowledge that they had made a mistake, or that the website listed a different dish.  

As I said this was not the first time they screwed up nor the first time the manager was rude.  Sorry, I'm finished.  Try the other locations, it's worth the drive.
3 hours and counting waiting for food. They refuse to pick up when I've called. I won't be ordering from his restaurant again. I would advise against it.
I order from Tiffin regularly. My favorite dishes are saag paneer and lamb rogan josh . I love that you can order online and have it delivered BUT the last time I did that it took 2 hours for my food to arrive!! Calling in the order is always faster. (You probably think I'm crazy for 4 stars after 2 hours of waiting but after ordering from them about 20 times I can forgive them for having an off night)

They always include 3 sauces with the order. I don't know what they are but I love the green one. They should bottle that stuff and send me a lifetime supply. 

Tiffin also includes a random accompaniment with each order. It's usually something runny and yellow... Not bad but nothing exciting. I wouldn't miss it if it were gone but it always makes me feel like I'm getting a free extra. 

I'd also like to give honorable mention to their naan and chicken tikka masala. Both are delicious. 

One last thing to mention- even if you say you want a dish spicy, it will still be mild according to my standards. If you want some kick you have to tell them to make it extra spicy.
This place is just a complete rip off! Sometimes you crave some Indian food... For 30 bucks we got pretty much nothing. I've had far better takeout from other concepts like this in other cities. We've made the mistake now twice an regretted it both times. I'd rather get some chicken and a can of sauce at the grocery store and make something that way! Never again!

I would say this is definitely for people with deep pockets who don't know better... My flat mate buys from them on an almost weekly basis. Fool!
I suppose it's about time I review this place, since it's become my comfort food standby.

I've dined in only once, but ordered takeout about five times now. I do this on days when I'm moping about something or hungover. It is always a miracle cure, let me tell you.

I have two dishes that I tend to order every single time: butter chicken (omg, omg), and saag paneer. The saag paneer is fantastic. 

They're always quick and efficient, and the food is ready on time. It is a bit expensive, however. When I order my two standbys, the total is about $26. It does come with an "accompaniment" dish and some sauces, but you have to pay extra for naan. 

So it's a pricey indulgence, but I've always been able to get about 3 meals out of that order. It shall remain a cure-all.
Very good food.  Love the lamb curry and the tandoori chicken.  Tandoori chicken does have a little more heat than I'm used to, but I like it.  Naan is great, especially the garlic naan.  Love all the different dipping sauces that come with your meals.  One thing I wasn't thrilled with, and forgive me for not knowing the authentic name for this, is the yogurt sauce that I use to cool off some of the spicier foods.  Its a little watery for my taste.  Small place, inexpensive, good food, give it a shot if you like Indian food!
Eh, I've been 'around the Indian food block' a couple more times and I've come to love Tiffin again.  It could be better -- they've taken after another place in the area and begun spicing to your specifications, which just seems inauthentic to me -- but the paneer tikka masala (or 'butter paneer masala') sauce is so lovely that I don't even care anymore.  Yum.
Also: dessert naan with coconut?  AWESOME!
I think that the managers of TIffin have been reading the reviews because: the service was great tonight, there were table cloths on the tables and we didnt have to wait long/at all for a table.  We ordered samosas for the appetizer, I have had better sold to me at an Indian grocery in University City.  I would agree with another reviewer that the samosas are a bit dry.  The main dishes were all great though even if I would have preferred a bit more heat.  
All in all we will be back and it is great to have an Indian restaurant in our neck of the woods.  
In regards to this place being wheelchair accesible I would say no because there is a step up to get in so you would need help in order to enter the building.
RUDE, UNAPOLOGETIC and OVERPRICED AVERAGE FOOD come to mind when i think of Tiffin. When you are told your food delivery will take between 1 and 1.5 hours it's acceptable on a busy night. After waiting 2 hrs only to told it's on its way and swiftly hung up on by a rude and hard to understand jerk is another thing. After 3 hrs of waiting for average over priced Indian food we called and cancelled. The same hard to understand, unapologetic, and rude man answered the phone and smugly said thank you. Clearly customer service is not high on their list!
I love Indian food and have spent time in India. I was pretty excited when I learned Tiffin was coming to my area...

Our first visit, we were a little pressed for time and eating at an off-time. We got a naan the server recommended, and it had a sharp, strange taste (way way too much garlic, I think, and I'm a big garlic fan). The butter chicken was pretty good, as was the saag paneer. But food took quite awhile to come out, and in the end, I felt it was pricey for what we got. 

I was glad it wasn't crowded there that night, because the tables are crammed together. 

The next two times, we tried take out. We had to wait more than 20 minutes (beyond what they'd said) both times. Since the restaurant was full, we had to wait outside. Servers and mgmt all seem to be indifferent.  The food was passable. Just. 

I haven't felt any desire to go back there since and have resumed my search for a decent Indian place in the area.
I should have heeded the warnings from other reviews on here.  I ordered delivery maybe a week or so ago and the food was indeed very weak.  I've had some delicious Indian food and this just... wasn't.  It sucks to have to write this because I've had decent meals at Tiffin in the past (at other locations and quite some time ago) and was relying on that same quality and caliber.  Unfortunately, it was not at all to those standards :(
Shame on this place.  Five micro cubes of chicken in the $13 chicken tikka masala.  Not much flavor either.  I felt like I was playing Where's Waldo in the curry looking for the chicken.  A disgrace!
I love Tiffin.  I first tried Tiffin when they opened on Girard Ave, but then we moved and was sad there was no Indian food in Mt. Airy.  About two months after we moved, Tiffin opened up a new location just a few blocks from our house!  

The food is 90% consistently good.  I can't say 100% because there times when the tikka masala was too watery, or I asked for chana saag and I got paneer saag instead.  

Usually their delivery is ontime, and pick up is easy.  But I do have to say one time it took them about an hour and a half to deliver our food.  When my husband called to see where they were, they got upset at him.  Then when our food finally came, it was cold.  Not sure what happened, but we were so hungry, we just ate it without any questions.

But usually, it's a perfect place for takeout on a cold night when you don't feel like cooking.  Plus, leftovers are great for lunch or dinner the next day.
I was SUPER disappointed.  It wasn't hot.  And to make it even worse, there were 4 chunks of chicken in the to go order.  I've never had sauce so thin.  They didn't even send a piece a ma'am.  Plus they jacked up the price $3 as I ordered via UberEATS. More money, less food.  What a waste of my hard earned money.  Never again!
Overpriced mediocre Indian food.  I've ordered multiple dishes that have had ONE hunk of meat or paneer in them, and the staff gets irritated when you say anything about it.  If I'm paying over $10 for an entree, I expect more than one bite of protein.  They've also gotten really stingy with the condiments for take-out, only including enough extras for 1 entree, no matter how many we order.  Every time we've gotten take-out, they say give them 30 minutes, but we always wind up waiting another 20 when we get there.  Save your clams, don't go here.
I heard good "things" about Tiffin and thought I would try it.

Honestly I don't understand why so many people like this place.  It is terrible.  

The service is lousy and the food is mediocre at best.  

I ordered the samosas and they were not fully cooked.

The chicken vindaloo was boring and uninspired.

I AM NEVER GOING BACK.  AWFUL.
Super awesome local spot for quick nibbles, I LOVE Tiffin! Their meal options are a wonderfully affordable option for the pick-uper. DO NOT order delivery, even though I am 7 minutes away it took nearly 55 minutes plus the delivery driver did not have change to give me (had to leave a banging tip) on multiple experiences. Just pick it up!
wish i could give less than one star! To start they charged $2 for one darn piece of naan! Yes. $2 for one piece.  I've never been to a place in my life that called an order of naan one piece, ridiculous.  I ordered the Chix Tiki Masal and Lamb Rogan-josh.  Both had as much flavor as a mop fresh from the bucket.  ZERO flavor. 100% disappointment.  Won't be ordering from them again, EVER
Crazy good Indian food... Highly recommend the Chicken Korma and the Saag Paneer. The Saag has a smoky flavor that I have not encountered from other restaurants. I suspect they may have a wood stove of some sort that they cook certain dishes over. That, or I am a total idiot... maybe both. 

Only complaint is that all of their chicken dishes are made with white/breast meat only. As a dark meat fan, I'd love to have my Tikka Masala, or Korma prepared with thigh meat. Don't get me wrong, this complaint is minor. This food is INSANELY good and I HIGHLY recommend their full menu.
I think this place is run like the franchise it is.  Tiffin operates like a poorly managed factory.  They are unwilling to make substitutes.  For example,  they are unwilling to make Shrimp Saag. despite the fact that Lamb Saag and Shrimp Curry are on the menu.  When pressed why, they said they don't know how to bill for it!  

That's not horrible, it forced me to broaden my horizons & try the shrimp curry.   BUT on the my second attempt to get take out from there I used what should be their very convenient online ordering.  I placed my order at 7:00 pm, with an 8PM pick up.  I received an email reciept, which I understood as confirmation for my order.  At 8:05 I showed up at Tiffin with a hungry belly,  only to be told they didn't have my order.  When I mentioned ordering online the clerk got a very concerned look on his face like "crap, I haven't checked that queue in hours."  I was told it would be another 20minutes, and was not offered any bit of apology.  

For a better run facililty, go to Khajuraho up the road in Ardmore.
Delivery is appalling. Still waiting 2 plus hours for our food. The last time we ordered delivery they forgot our order entirely. We're done.
Didn't get a chance to eat - I showed up over an hour before they claim to close on Saturdays, but they chose not to seat me.  (First time I've been treated rudely at an Indian restaurant!)  Frankly, I didn't see anything about the place that would draw me back in for a second chance.
Tiffin used to be my go-to place for Indian. On our prior order, they forgot something.   We ordered last night and it was just lame.  The chicken was incredibly dry and flavorless, the korma sauce tasteless.  The paneer was dry and tasted off -- and the chunks are always gigantic as if it's just too tedious to cut it to the proper size.  Very disappointing.
Chicken tikka masala is great but DON'T ORDER DELIVERY unless your willing to wait 2 hours. Other reviews I see have said the same thing. This place is 5 minutes from my house and the first time I ordered delivery it took 2 hours until I received my food. The driver blamed it on traffic.  From then on I ordered take out, however, I was unable to drive last night so I ordered delivery. The lady on the phone said it would take 45 minutes. Once again, I didn't receive my order until 2 Hours later. The same driver, again, blamed traffic and then had the nerve to ask me to tip generously. Very unprofessional and should have at least given me a discount for the 2 hour wait.
i would love to give this more stars, as I think the food is delicious. I only order delivery as I know how tiny it is. I think their prices are very high for the amount of food that you get, also charge for the naan, and the "sides" come in those tiny plastic containers, like ketchup comes in. i would order from here every week if they brought their prices down, or made the portions larger. Also, they often forget the "sides".
















'
Be wary of ordering online.  After well over an hour of placing my online order i called to check on the status only to be noticed that the order "got lost in between others." No apology or attempt to right this error was made. Needless to say, will never order from here again.  I was a long time customer but sadly, service here seems to have declined greatly recently along with the portions and quality of food.
The food is fine, but the service is terrible at the Mt. Airy Tiffin. I drove by today and decided to stop in and place a carryout order since I had an email about their $15 special.  The first guy I talked to didn't even know what I was talking about, I had to order with someone else. They said 15-20 min. for the order so I went for a walk and came back. It took another 20 min. for a total of 40 min. for me to get my food. I got all the way home and they forgot the appetizer I ordered. I called and the manager didn't even offer anything other than a "sorry." They knew exactly what I was talking about. No offer to deliver my appetizer or anything. I am so frustrated. Last time I had them, I did an online order and had to wait an additional 10 minutes when I showed up at the designated pick up time. Next time I'm going to Jyoti in Mt. Airy, it's 5 min. from Tiffin, the food is just as good, the service is way better, and they are cheaper!
Called in, couldn't understand the person. The person on the phone should know English.  We went back and forth for a bit, but I couldn't understand her.  She was trying to tell me they don't serve Chicken Kali Mirch anymore but neither I or the person I was ordering with could understand.

I like their food a lot!  It's a great addition to the area, but even when I dine in, it's tough to understand them.
Half as good as Jyoti, for twice the price. The paneer is consistently good, but the saag is inconsistent and usually mediocre. Large, dried-out chunks of chicken are standard. Verall the food is uncreative and undelicious. The atmosphere is noisy, drafty, and bright. The service ranges from subpar to hostile. Pass.
I totally agree with that "Oh how the mighty have fallen" review left by another Yelp reviewer. That person truly described my recent experience including the sadness I felt. Wow, I should've reviewed the "recent reviews" again before eating here. This food used to be so good but now it is completely watered down. Why??? Did you guys fire a Chef or did you cut down for economic reasons? My dinner was horrid! I really hate that this place is no longer making high quality/tasty meals. I'm sad writing this. 4 thumbs down!
This is a neat place. The food is absolutely amazing. Like a number of other reviews said, the place itself is a little spartan. I don't mind that though because the staff was helpful and enjoyable and the food was great.
Fantastic, watch your timing and bring your own wine and beer.  Small shop that makes it difficult to eat in without a wait but , IT IS WORTH WAITING FOR.
This used to be my favorite Indian restaurant in Philly but the quality has gone way down hill. Food is now bland and overpriced. Service is very slow and things are constantly missing or wrong with takeout/delivery orders. Not sure what happened to this place.
Food was delicious!  Very flavorful and tasty, had the lamb bhuna and korma.  Only one con - they don't have desserts!  My bf and I were looking forward to rice pudding but were disappointed.  

Will DEFINITELY return!
I'll keep this as short as possible.  Food is ok.  Customer service however is BEYOND HORRIBLE.  I placed a delivery order and was quoted between 1-1.5 hrs.  I thought there was NO WAY that it would take more than an hour.  Food would be cold by then!  I called several times after the 1.5 hr mark and was told on several occasions that the food was on it's way, or that they were calling the driver, it's coming...etc.  Fast forward 3 hrs after I've placed my order...I call to cancel because I decided to heat up some leftover pasta for me and my husband.  When I called to say I am canceling, I didn't get an apology.  I got a quick, "Ok thank you".  I've had better service at a Subway in a Walmart.  While I understand there could be mishaps at a restaurant, things would have been very different had the person on the phone handled the situation differently.  A simple apology would have gone a long way.  I will never be supporting this business again.
I have had this mediocre, overpriced food before, but today I really wanted Indian food. They deliver, so I decided to order through their website.  

They call and tell me my card is not working. I ask him to do it again. I call my bank and nothing is wrong with my card, so they do not understand the issue.  He said he is getting a CVV2 error code, by bank rep says that he needs to enter the 3 digits on the back.  He proceeds to argue with me about his system and says it's my card, etc. This went on for 10 minutes, until I said FORGET IT.  Now I am starving, pissed off, and my voice is non-existent.   

I WILL NEVER EVER EAT HERE AGAIN. I WILL NEVER PATRONIZE THIS LOCATION OR ANY OTHER. You better believe that the next time I want Indian, I'm driving.
I ordered dinner from Tiffin through GrubHub and was not expecting to have a poor experience.

The first thing that struck me was that the meal was extremely overpriced- Chicken Tikka Masala, A Lamb kabab, and Naan bread cost $23. The next ominous sign was that the meal took over an hour to deliver, and when it arrived, the delivery guy didn't seem to understand how the online ordering/payment system worked. After this I thought I could enjoy my meal, but when I unwrapped my meal it was cold and there were only six measly cubes of chicken in my entree. 

This was not great quality Indian food, and it was made all the worse by the poor delivery and expensive price tag. I will not be ordering from Tiffin again.
Thrilled to have an Indian restaurant open up in my neighborhood.  As per the other reviews the service is a little slow and chaotic but seems improved based on other comments.
The location is small, almost quaint but a bit sterile and needs a little more flare to liven things up.  They use cheap unfinished wooden tables and chairs that don't help matters.  Throw down a table cloth or something, please.
The food was excellent, we sampled several appetizers, the korma and nan bread.  The samosas were a little dry and average, but the cashew rolls, korma and other items were excellent.  
Between the delivery service to Chestnut Hill and the retail location i will be doing lots of business with them.  Yummy!
Very good!! The service was great, the food was really delicious, and the price was reasonable.
I got the lamb and spinach dish, along with the cauliflower and potato vegetarian dish (split among my friend and myself!).
We also got the one of the "specials" appetizers. I forgot what it is called but it was lentils with cumin and mint sauces. So refreshing.
I liked this place. No complains. Good Indian food.
DO ONE THING:  Ek Kaam Kar!

I wanted to take time to give this restaurant a review as I only usually write reviews if I had an incredibly good experience or an incredibly bad one.  I have been coming here for a while and had written a review but it seems to have gotten lost.  Let me say this I love everything about the place.

The restaurant is not good, it is exquisite.  There is an equal balance of simplicity and elegance that makes for the perfect climate of any restaurant.  These descriptions are demonstrated by the employees and staff, the design and layout, the menu and food, and the owners and diners.  You can come in dressed up on that perfect date or in a tea-shirt and jeans if you want to come in for a relaxed bite.

What I will say about this restaurant is this.  They put great care into making the diners feel at home.  When you come here you are not just a customer, but I do believe you are family.  I really do enjoy the owners and the staff especially because they will go out of their way to make you a happy diner.

As far as cleanliness there are many restaurants that I wouldn't feel comfortable in but this one is beyond that.  Not only are they clean, but I have never encountered a problem with the logistics and layout of the place either.  I promise you that you will not be let down if you stop in here.  

If you haven't tried Indian cuisine because it is too "hot and spicy", you must give them a try as they will ensure your meal is spicy to your liking.  They have a great selection of juices.  I am particularly fond of the Lychee juice.  While I am on the subject of beverages, I will state that if you are "ask nicely" and make a request for a free refill of Hot Masala (Tea) they will do so (but don't let too many know about this.)

Please come to this moderately priced restaurant.  You won't be let down.

Outstanding, Impressive, Memorable and Tasty!
Simple, cute atmosphere: bright, spicy colors on the walls and white table cloths on simple IKEA furniture. I agree with Arica's comment that the samosas were a bit dry, though not bad. Our entrees were quite good and the garlic naan smelled like heaven (garlic heaven, but that's where I'd want to go!).

Even on a Sunday night they were packed. Probably worth calling ahead for a table.

Glad to have a spot like this in the neighborhood. If I find out we're in their delivery area, I will dance for joy.
Heed the warnings and avoid the headache. I didn't and it's been and hour and twenty minutes since I placed my order and have yet to receive the food. The place is 10 minutes away.
The worst Indian food I've ever had!!!

Just ordered two chicken kormas (chicken was dry beyond belief), 1 chicken biryani, 3 orders of samosas, 3 nans, mango lassi and two diet Pepsis.....total $85 which added further insult of having to pay an obscene amount for so little food which wasn't very seasoned (when is the last time you've ever heard that said about Indian food) bland food. And what wasn't bland reeked of cardamom and nothing else. 

I wished I'd gone to Chubby's for my cheesesteak......it would've been a hella lot cheaper and much better tasting

Trust me......DO NOT waste your time or money for if you do you will be one unhappy customer!!!
Why do I bother?
I live nearby and find the Tiffin franchise to have quality food. The service here is always rude and indifferent at best, and takeout - forgetaboutit, not worth the trouble. So today I decided to eat-in. No one was there and they seated me in the worst location in the place. Then after ordering an expensive entree, another party walks in and mentions the lunch specials. What lunch specials? I am wondering. Turns out I could have saved a few dollars and gotten an appetizer as well. The server gave me the excuse that I was responsible for asking for a special. There was no mention of it at all on the menu. I asked for a discount and was turned down. 

The service is so much nicer at Banjara Indian Bistro, with a lovely atmosphere and similar prices.  I learned my lesson. How do they stay in business at Tiffin?
Just left Tiffin with two of my girlfriends and I've got to say it was absolutely delicious. The servings are very large and the rice is unlimited! I'm stuffed and even have leftovers for lunch. The waitress was very friendly and checked on us multiple times during our meal and made sure everything was to our liking. After our meal she asked us what we liked the best and when we shared our favorite sauce she went back and got me and my friends each a little to go container of the sauce! It was a great first experience. I will definitely be back.
The wait for our food to be delivered was almost 2 hours. I called twice to check and see where our order was, and received an indifferent response. When it finally came, it tasted like it had been sitting in the driver's car for the 2 hours we waited. Both orders of naan were soft and mushy, and the rest of our order was just like warm. For a place I could have walked to and back three times in that amount of time, 2 hours is absolutely ridiculous to wait for take out, with not much of an apology. I feel I am due at least a partial refund for this charge.
Ordered 2 hours ago. Website says food made 1 hour 45 minutes ago. Food was picked up 45 minutes ago. Still not here. Would you eat 2 hour old Indian food that has been riding in a car for over 45 minutes? I think not.
I love Tiffin and crave this place on the regular.  It's always consistent in taste and service...which I really appreciate.  I prefer take-out, since the atmosphere is just average.
Tiffin used to be a highlight of our neighborhood, with excellent food that was a bit expensive but totally worth a treat.  I miss that very much!  The service is now terrible.  It takes 1-2 hours to get dinner delivered or to pick it up yourself.  The order is sometimes incorrect. One time the food was very oily. Another couple of times the food was horribly bland.  The service is rude. The people answering the phone speak incomprehensibly.  The last time I ordered, my food took 2 hours to be delivered, the order was wrong, and the food not terribly good.  I'm done.
Terrible service. The food is mediocre. You won't get it on time. I ordered from them and it was over an hour late, so I called, and the guy hung up on me.
Supposedly offering delivery as an option but when I placed a delivery order I was then told they weren't offering delivery at that time and I had to come pick up my food.  Good thing I was going to pay the delivery in cash.  If you can't keep your ordering straight I have no time for you, especially not for mediocre food.
This tiffin is really inconsistent. They must allow different chefs to use their own recipes because we have received very different versions of the same dish. Once, the chicken tikka masala was yellow and didn't even look like it had tomatoes. Our recent takeout orders have always had a dish missing. It's very frustrating to get home to realize that the dish for the kids is missing. If this place could go back to being consistent, I would like it much mo
I went to Elkins park one and Mt.Airy as well. 
There is no freakin Consistency at this restaurant!
Every time I go chicken tikka masala tastes is different. I used to love this restaurant but no more- I am not going anymore.
Tasteless, so they covered it up with salt and sugar. Pakoras were bland. Too expensive for portion size- ridiculous. The lamb Rogan Josh had fake precut garlic that you get in a bottle. It was littered with the stuff. 
Wouldn't order from here again. Couldn't even finish the meal.
Tiffin is absolutely wonderful for takeout.  It can be a long, long wait for a table even if you have a reservation, the place is tiny and it's been packed since the moment it opened.  I have never tried to get delivery from the Mt. Airy Tiffin but the Girard Avenue one is very reliable.  The food is great --I have to disagree with the reviews that said it wasn't hot enough, some of the dishes are incendiary. It probably depends on what you order. The portions are more than generous and the food is very fresh.  We're so lucky to have this great restaurant in our neighborhood.
