I was craving Indian food and hadn't ordered from Tiffin in a while. Placed the order via Yelp (which was somehow way less expensive than placing the order directly with a delivery app!) and patiently waited the hour plus I was quoted.

Overall, my experience was solid. The food arrived hot and correct as-ordered. That said, some things were better than others. The vegetable samosas were hot and crispy - a nice start. The garlic naan was also spot on. Of the three heartier dishes we ordered, the tandoori shrimp was easily my favorite. 

We also got the saag paneer and chicken tikka masala. I thought the saag paneer was nice, but also very rich. The chicken tikka masala was my least favorite. The sauce was really sweet and the chicken was rubbery. 

I'd consider ordering from Tiffin again, but would likely spend a little more to order from one of my preferred spots, instead.
I am obviously Indian by descent; as a result, I"m a little picky when it comes to Indian food stuffs. It's tough to beat mom's home cooked food - even if I am south Indian and this is all north indian food. Also, I've been going to Tiffin for YEARS, and I'm clearly a fan. I have a love / hate relationship with Tashan, and I really don't go there for food at all. But I do think that I'll go to Tiffin Bistro more often. Plus, its in my neighborhood! 

I stopped in with two friends on their opening night - and I must say, I do like the inside of this joint. It's cute, and definitely smells great. Additionally, they have lovely outdoor seating.  The service was great, there were definitely attentive waiters and waitstaff. I really appreciated their knowledge of the menu, and they genuinely seemed to appreciate feedback to improve upon their current service, which is rare.  The food: 

Aloo Papri Chat - delicious, well made, and well seasoned 
Saag Paneer- well done, well made, and well seasoned. ALSO really warm, and a pretty big / filling serving 
Eggplant curry - it was a little weird - it was delicious, but weird. It had the top of the Eggplant in it? The rough stem like part? Which I thought was more than weird / strange / kind dumb. Also it was a LITTLE too spicy than I thought it should be - but it was delicious overall 
Naan - well made, not oily, and just the right amount of fluff / taste 

Overall - great experience, and great addition to the neighborhood!
Tiffin is not my favorite Indian, but it is far less expensive than my favorite, so it wins out when it comes to delivery. 

After reviewing a previous order, I again ordered the chili chicken and garlic naan, plus chicken tikka masala and onion bhaji, a new-to-me app. 

The chili chicken was completely different from what I remembered, and my fiancé and I were not fans and will not order it again. I actually loved the onion bhaji for an inexpensive and slightly guilty app (they are fried) and the chicken tikka masala was very good but contained only 7-8 pieces of chicken. For the price, it's still a good deal and I'll likely choose Tiffin next time I'm craving Indian food at home.
After all the glowing reviews from my friends and coworkers, I figured to try it out. Man, I was sooooo bummed! It was boring and had no spice. And it cost $25 dollars for chicken tikka masala, naan, and rice! Are you kidding me dude? 

Not worth it at all.. I am super bummed about this place. I was hoping for an affordable, good Indian place in South Philly.. I guess i'll still be looking.
If I can give zero stars I would for service and overall experience.  

I went for Sunday dinner and it took over an hour to get my entree.  I know the server is not 100% at fault but I ordered the Chicken Tikka Marsala only to find out 45 minutes later that it ran out so it took them another 15 minutes to make it.  I don't understand why the kitchen didn't relay the message to the server sooner but it put a damper on my experience here.  They didn't bring out the naan bread to help ease the hunger pains.

After they acknowledged the slow service, no one bothered to take a % off the bill or give us something to lessen the burden of 2 hungry people waiting for over an hour for a meal.

Food was subpar, nothing great and service was mediocre.  Most likely not going to return.
Could've been a 3 star rating, but service needs some work.

I really, really, really, really like indian food...especially affordable indian food (the way it's supposed to be).  We came to dine on a late Sunday afternoon and were pretty anxious about this place.

Tiffin Bistro is a casual dinner spot with really good food and located in a nice part of town.  Cutting to the chase......we ordered 1 app and 2 entrees.  I forget the names exactly, but it was tasty and hit the spot.

The only problem was the lack of attention by the service and staff.  Maybe it was bad timing on our part, but it just wasn't a welcoming experience.  Our server was a little too attentive to the TV and not to our needs.  We came very hungry and waited 30 minutes for our first app since ordering.  Our entrees came 20 minutes after we finished our app.  Did i mentioned we were 1 of 2 tables in the restaurant?  The staff just seemed to work at a snails pace and everyone was just sluggish.

In all fairness, Tiffin Bistro has only opened it's doors for about 3 months so I understand there's some kinks to work out.  I am not a hater and will likely dine here again.  Word of advice to the owner....you're a new place and you want good business.  Please oversee your restaurant during these first critical months of your new establishment.  I'm local to the area and like many others, word of mouth is so important.

At the end....Tiffin Bistro still has huge potential.
First, the bad:
i generally appreciate, even prefer informal service, but referring to you table(s!) as "kiddies", as in "are you kiddies doing okay?" is never, ever okay. I understand you've been open for 2 weeks, are in the weeds and trying to cut the tension, but just stop. 

Also, as of 6/10/2013, they're still a couple weeks away from acquiring a liquor license.  i was pretty disappointed after seeing bottles of wine prominently displayed behind the bar and no mention of BYO, but the staff kindly referred us to the wine and spirits store at 11th and wharton and devil's den at 11th and ellsworth.  I opted for a growler from the latter.  take a detour before you arrive and pick up a nice IPA.  they're surprisingly affordable - but that's another review.

The Cauliflower Bezule was not bad, but i was expecting something with a little more flavor to start off the meal.  This is probably more a matter of taste.

The good:
The vegetable dumplings (the name of the dish is escaping me) were surprisingly light and fluffy, both holding their own and complimenting the creamy sauce.  Not much spice but a lot of flavor. The lamb kolhapuri was my favorite: fork-tender lamb in a spicy red sauce.  Enough to take home for at least a second serving.  I wish I had the self-control to save some of the perfectly cook garlic naan for later, but we were through it in no time. $5 for bread may seem a little steep but it's well worth it. 

Tiffin is a great addition to the neighborhood.  I'm really looking forward to returning in a couple weeks when they've settled in and worked out the kinks, and hopefully upgrading them to 4 stars.
My boss and I were both craving Indian cuisine and even though there was a new spot right near our office, we decided to order takeout from Tiffin instead. 

I was disappointed in the quality of the takeout experience. 

The food was pretty good but their takeout methods are unacceptable. We ordered two separate lunch specials. However, only received one small container of rice. Our appetizers were both in the same container along with the sauces. There were no utensils, no plates to share a lunch that was never meant to be shared at all. No napkins either. Not to mention, the portions were very small. 

We called and complained, they responded by saying we had to ask for all that stuff. The bag was stapled shut when it was handed to me. I now know to check whenever ordering takeout. 

I wouldn't get takeout here again, sadly. 
I do love Indian food though and the flavors were quite nice.
I've been out of town for several months due to covid. I knew the storm was coming so I figured..I'll order indian so I have plenty of leftovers for the next few days I won't want to leave the house anyway! 
My go-to indian spot has closed...so I figured I'll order from the next highest rated. I got butter chicken and saag paneer with some naan, all medium heat.
The saag was great, naan also great (but when is bread not good) my qualms were with the butter chicken. The chicken was dry, far too spicy (and I like spice) and had a flavor I wasn't expecting. Completely tossed the chicken..that was a waste. The rice was also very dry - it wasn't good to start and then reheating completely ruined it.
Service was fast, food showed up exactly when expected! But next time I'll try somewhere else...
Great Indian Spot
Food comments: I've been three times now, and I'll be adding it to the list of go to's in the area. I've had the veggie samosas (4.5) and the Onion Bhaji (4.5), and the bhaji are amazing. The chicken in the chicken tikka (5) masala was cooked very nicely, and the paneer dishes (5) are lovely. I will continue to go here, and work my way around the menu, as I'm sure it's all delicious. 
Other notes: They use reusable Tupperware for pick up, which I highly appreciate and that will be a big reason I support them. My one negative is the delivery time. It took over an hour and 20 minutes to receive my food. Do pick up if you can, as I haven't had a problem there. 
All in all it's a good Indian spot to have in your back pocket, and I say try it out!
My favorite Indian food delivery in Philly!

I usually get Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikki Masala, and a lamb dish. Tiffin completely nailed each dish!

Delivery for 3 entrees and garlic naan took a little over an hour at 5 pm on a Sunday. A tad slow but everything was absolutely delicious!
I ordered delivery from Tiffin tonight.  Not only did it take an hour and 35 minutes to arrive, but instead of the 3 cans of Diet Pepsi that I ordered, I received 3 leaking, partially-full tupperware containers of flat soda.  Disgusting!!! I can't believe any restaurant would find that acceptable!!
How can this be called an Indian restaurant??? It's no unauthentic. They don't offer any curries, no poppadoms (however you're given chutneys at the start?), no balti, no jalfrezi, no dahl, danask, karahi..... I could go on. This was our first Indian in Philadelphia after moving from UK where Indian food is a staple so maybe this is Indian in America? Either way super disappointing. What we did have was below average regardless of cuisine type and the meat was overcooked. Wouldn't go back. Ever! The search for good, authentic Indian food continues.
I've been coming to tiffin bistro for quite a while now almost every week. They're food is consistently amazing. Speciality cocktails  that bartender Roman makes are on of the best in the city. They use high quality ingredients and it shows. His service is always impeccable. We've also been there when their manager was behind the bar. He is very slow and thinks he's job is to talk to everyone. Overall as long as roman behind the bar and the kitchen is open you won't be disappointed.
I was working at the hospital and one of the workers said they really liked this place so I was happy that when i searched it on yelp, yelp eats was an option! It was super easy to order and had free delivery. Here's the breakdown of what I got:  

Chicken tikka masala: the chicken was really good. Moist with still a char on it. What threw me was the actual base of the tikka masala, it was really sweet with almost like a bbq flavor which i wasn't used to. NOTE: this dish does come with basmati rice. so don't freak out when you order. overall, this was just okay

Vegetable samosa : I really enjoyed the samosa itself. I usually love the sauces that come with it too, green cilantroy and a sweet chutney. but i really did not like the green sauce on this one. but the sweet chutney was on point.

Garlic naan: not as thin or as garlicy as i would have liked. it was overall just okay and i've definitely had better. 

All in all, this place was okay. it was good with the delivery and prices were decent. It will do for a convenient Indian meal, but i've definitely had better and wasn't too much of a fan.
Let me start off by thing that the whole experience was not just about the food. 

So it was late on Christmas Day with limited delivery options and we decide to order from Tiffin on GrubHub. I should've called off the whole thing when it said that it was going to take an hour and 35 minutes for my food to arrive and we only live about seven blocks from there. 

It was only meant to be a small supper but small was the operative word here!! 'When the food finally arrived after 90 minutes of waiting, for each of my entrée that I paid $15 for (lamb chattinad & chicken vindaloo) there was literally a pint of sauce --ONE SMALL PINT CONTAINER EACH--with a few chunks of meat stewed in there. The lamb was way too gamy tasting. I've had goat meat that's been more tender & less gamely. An order of chili naan was one piece of naan with tiny chilis sprinkled on top, not baked into it. 
Over all it was just a huge disappointment. Guess we're going to cross tiffin off from the list of places to go in the neighborhood.
Their delivery service sucks. I would review about the food but an hour and a half later... it's still not here. Yeah... it sucks.

Note - said driver is en route - i live about 5 blocks away... i was just too lazy to walk. I wonder how long it takes to driver to drive 5 blocks. Ridic.
All the food here is very one-dimensional. Avoid the black pepper crab appetizer, as it leaves one wondering where exactly the pepper is. Not to mention it kind of looks like a can of cat food when they bring it out to your table. For an appetizer, it's not very appetizing. I guess I was expecting a whole crab, like you'd get in Singapore, where this dish originated.

Of the entrees we ordered, the malai kofta was dominated by coriander, and the lamb kohlapuri was sickly sweet, like some microwave Trader Joe's dish. Nothing was good enough to make us want to come back. All in all, Tiffin Bistro continues the Tiffin empire's tradition of making food that feels like it belongs in a New Jersey strip mall, which is too bad because I really liked the first restaurant when it first opened and they hadn't yet toned things down.

It's a little cramped, loud, and uncomfortably warm as well if you're seated in the back. Two thumbs down.
The more places the Narula Restaurant Group opens, the better.

Tiffin Bistro, like its 5 sister Tiffin Restaurants, is a delicious, consistent, and comfort bringing purveyor of Americanized Indian cuisine. It's great stuff, and I can't get enough of it.

My girlfriend and I ordered delivery (which we never do but we're in the process of moving) to our new apartment and 45 minutes later, as soon as we opened the bag, we knew happy stomachs would ensue. We decided on Garlic Naan, Veggie Samosas, Malabar Shrimp, Chicken Tikka, and Aloo Gobhi--not particularly adventurous dishes, but all standard orders that would give a strong impression of the new Indian eatery.

Simply put, everything was really good and held up to the standard that Tiffin has established throughout the Philadelphia area. I would say the only difference between Tiffin Bistro and Tiffin Restaurants is the menu--but certainly nothing too dramatic. A couple of new options added, and a couple of favorites excluded.

Living a mere 3 blocks from Tiffin Bistro, I'll be sure to return again, and eat in--soon!
This review is for food delivery. I'd ordered the meal in advance & the order arrived on time.

Here's a summary of the food. I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars:

APPETIZER
*** Cauliflower Bezule was tasty with coconut, although a bit soggy. This dish may not travel very well ($7)

MAINS (All vegetarian)
**** Malai Kofta: veggie "meatballs" with raisins in a fragrant creamy sauce was soft and tasty ($12)
***^ Saag paneer: cheese cubes in a creamy spinach sauce were also good ($12)
***^ Navrattan Korma: veggies in a creamy sauce were very nice ($12)
*** Chana Masala was basic, nothing special ($12)
**^ Aloo Gobhi: potato in a bland tomato-based sauce, not super flavourful but it was ok ($12)
**^ Dal Makhani was fine, nothing special ($12)

Rice was included.
No chutneys or relishes were supplied.

Solid food but rather pricey. Each vegetarian main was $12 for a pint. 

I also ordered a baigan bharta but got another dish instead. It was good, but I'm not sure what it was called. Aside from that mistake, the service & delivery were fine. I'd order from them again.

3+ stars
This review isn't about the food, which is decent but overpriced, but rather about the terrible customer service. 

We ordered for pick up through their online service and waited the suggested hour before coming to pick our food up. When we arrived, they hadn't even started cooking our order and blamed it on their online system (even though they were able to pull up the order once we got there...).

They asked us to wait another 20 minutes, which I wouldn't have minded if they had given us a beer or something to help right the mistake. Instead, we were charged full price, barely given an apology, and made to wait over an hour and a half for our food.

I really hope Tiffin wises up to the way they should handle customers they have inconvenienced. I won't be dining there again solely based on the incredible lack of customer service.
The word "sucks" does not do justice as an adequate description for how bad this place is. I am shocked that they have so many locations! It just goes to show, there is no accounting for taste and there must be a ton of people out there that like watered-down, horribly disgusting and ultimately, an extremely poor representation of Indian food. Not to mention, we waited over an hour for delivery! What a terrible experience, by the time it was delivered, we were near absolute starvation and forced to eat what proved to be the worst Indian food of my life. It was sooooooo horrible. It was like eating a box of crayons. It almost looked good, but had no flavor whatsoever.
Don't bother going here! I came here twice. Both times, I ended up waiting for 1.5 hrs to get the food. Thought I get it delivered next time, nope not worth it either. Took 90 minutes to get one entree. 
Servers screw up orders frequently.
I ordered delivery from this place a little while ago and was not impressed. Never again.

I called knowing I wanted the samosas, one other appetizer and an entree, and asked for help deciding. The person on the phone seemed a little impatient and wasn't particularly helpful. Whatever, I decided. I immediately called back and asked if rice came with the entree. She said "uh, yeah" like it was obvious. C'mon, really? That's a reasonable question, especially when there is a side of rice dish at the bottom of the menu. Red flag, should have cancelled it then and there, but I wanted to see if it was any good. I remember liking what I had at Tiffin on Girard Avenue a few years ago.

The food arrived at my house in a timely fashion but the person who delivered it didn't have change, even though I SPECIFICALLY said that I would be paying cash when THEY asked how I was paying. That was ridiculous. 

The food was less than mediocre, not to mention cold. The samosas were ok, definitely the best thing that I got, but there are great food trucks in the city with samosas that run circles around theirs. The chicken kebobs were not good, and I didn't even finish them. The lamb dish I had was saucy and bland and there was very little lamb to be found, mostly bone. The rice it came with was cold and dried out as if it had been sitting in the container for some time. Again, didn't finish it, and I hate wasting food.

Add it all up? Bad experience, and I can't recommend it in the least.
I should start by saying I actually really like Tiffin. Just not this one. I used to go to the one in Elkins Park all the time and loved it. 
I feel the exact opposite towards this one. On January 1st, my husband and I were craving Indian so ordered from them online. An hour plus later we called because our food never arrived. We were told that it was in the delivery car and would be to us within 15 minutes. 45 minutes later it never came. We called back and they said they had only just received the order when we had called 45 minutes ago (and they confirmed it was on its way). The person on the phone was not helpful at all but said that they could refund our money, and that the manager would call us to discuss out problem.
69 DAYS LATER and we have called repeatedly and been told our refund is on the way. We finally gave up and had to contact the Better Business Bureau to help us.

Maybe their food is as good as Elkins Park's Tiffin, but we'll never know because there is no chance we would ever go there/order from them again.
LITERALLY the best Indian food... EVER. Tiffin is what I compare every other Indian Restaurant  to...and, they all end up failing in comparison. Don't get me wrong, I have had some great Indian food other places, but they aren't as good as this gem. 
I was never really exposed to Indian food growing up because my parents did not eat it. I first had it about 7 years ago and my mind was blown. It instantly hit the top of my list of favorite foods to eat. I conveniently live near Tiffin so it was an obvious choice when I first moved to the city, and boy was I in for a treat. Seriously.... just eat here (or order delivery/takeout) and be amazed.

Highly Recommend: 
Tikka Masala (I normally get Paneer, but anything will be great)
Baingan Bharta (to die for....soooo good)
Cauliflower Bezule
... the list would probably just be their entire menu, so I am going to stop here.
The more and more I come here the better it becomes.  Service is here is GREAT and they don't hover over you at all times like some places do.

Standouts on the menu include a truly addictive chicken lababdar, the chili garlic appetizer, aloo ghobi (cauliflower), and their garlic naan.  Portions are sizeable and very satisfying.  They will give you extra rice too no problem.

The restaurant space itself is adorable...nice cozy lighting with candles flickering in the windows complete with a truly great music selection.  They even have outdoor seating.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
I am glad they have a gluten free menu. It makes the experience so much easier and more pleasant.  The onion bhaji and saag paneer are my favorites. It was excellent.
I would not recommend Tiffin Bistro to anyone. The service is atrocious and because of this food suffers. Food is served slowly and cold and the servers/management seem to be oblivious to this. I'd rather order from Ekta on the other side of the city.
I've gotten delivery here a few times and have eaten in once as well.  The food is a bit expensive compared to typical Indian places, but in my opinion, it's the best Indian I've found in Philadelphia, and the quality and flavor are definitely worth the extra money.  I always order paneer butter masala and peshawari naan (the samosas are good too though!)

The atmosphere inside is a little weird, and I wasn't too big of a fan, so I prefer making this a take-out place (I guess because they try to make it feel like a bistro mixed with an Indian restaurant?), but regardless, food and service is great!
We really like Tiffin, but we live in Hawthorne.  We treated ourselves to Tashan once, and we liked it too, but it's a little more upscale and fusion than we prefer. Tiffin Bistro is perfect for us. It's super tasty, our server was fun and professional (wish I could remember his name to give him credit), and the setting was comfortable. We'll be back.
This place frustrates the heck out of me. I LOVE the food, I LOVE the outdoor seating but everything else is infuriatingly bad. The service is so slow and the wait staff is unknowledgeable to the point that you wonder if it's their first day at the restaurant. Like, I could tell you it's bad, you go, and you would tell me that it was worse than bad. My last experience there, they were in the process of releasing some new appetizers, chicken wings & something called chicken 65. My first reaction, this is an Indian restaurant... Why are you selling chicken wings as an appetizer? My second reaction, what the heck is chicken 65? I ask (who I thought was our waitress) and she said she really doesn't know. That's fine, if it's a new item, she might not know. She goes inside and the manager comes out and says that "it's chicken with leaves and stuff". What does that even mean? Chicken with leaves? So, we skipped that. I normally order a couple apps and then split an entrée. Bae and I usually get the Vegetable Dumplings, Lasooni Chicken, Cauliflower Bezule  and cheesey naan and they're all awesome! You might just have to wait 30+ minutes for your food and if you have any questions, forget about it. Google is your best friend at this place. 

Another thing I noticed, if you come at odd times, there is a good chance the place is empty. At any other place, that'd be great but not at Tiffin. If it's empty, the staff just watches you and it's super awkward. I guess because it's a small space they don't have anywhere else to congregate but in the front of the restaurant. 

All in all, go with low expectations for service. The food/drinks are good and the outdoor seating is great.
I rarely post a negative review. This has made the exception. 

I don't care how decent the food is, they would get negative stars if i could give right now. The service here is just lousy. I ordered just before 7 PM. Now I understand its a friday night. But its now 9:10 and I have yet to receive my food. Somebody called me almost an hour ago saying we're short staffed. They should have called when my order was placed online. Called back. I got the lousiest apology. to make it worse, they didn't even try to make me feel like they cared. They must not have much customer retention. 

I'll never step foot into this place nor will I order from them ever, even if they were giving food away!
Love there Saag Paneer! Pretty decent indian place for Graduate hospital
I have been here a couple times since the first. The food comes out extremely slow. We waited over an hour for an entree. We will no longer be going here and I would not recommend eating in.
A welcomed addition to the neighborhood.

Being a fan of Tiffin (at other locations), I was very excited to see one moving into our little corner of the world. 

I love the fact that Tiffin does take away, and dine in. They are a great option when one isn't in the mood for a grease bomb for dinner, al la cheese steak or pizza. I would, however, recommend dining in when opportunity presents itself.  The menu is slightly expanded for dine in, and one gets to experience the plating element of the meal. 

Lady Mary and I have tried most of the menu now, and let the restaurant get up and running before weighing in. To be honest, all the standouts are appetizers. Spicy Calamari, Eggplant, and the Prawns are all top notch. They are modern takes on very tradition Indian flavours, and done well at that. The entrees are generously portioned, but really never exceed 'fine'. I'm not sure if the approach is too careful, or if the result is actually the flavour profile the chef is shooting for. Either way, it could use more pop in my universe. It's Indian...where's the heat?

Service was very good. Our server was quick, and attentive, but didn't hover. 

The price point makes Tiffin all the more attractive. You can have a lovely date for $40...and it's B.Y.O. That makes Tiffin a solid 4 star no brainer. Urqhart Imperial stamp of approval.
Delivery? Great. Fairly fast and definitely delicious. 

Dining in? Well that's where things get weird. They have a great happy hour deal, which is the only time I've dined in. Service is slow, which is strange when you're sitting in front of the bartender. What's worse is that the staff talk shop, complain and overshare about the restaurant. I just want to eat my half priced appetizer, dude. I don't need to hear about the drama. If the deal wasn't so good and the food wasn't so delicious, I wouldn't dine in at all.
It doesn't matter what the food tastes like. We ordered and our food didn't arrive for TWO HOURS. I will NEVER order from here again and would gladly go out of my way to let people know how horrible this place is.
Empty restaurant. How long do we wait to get a menu after sitting down. 12 minutes. Two standard dishes. 35 minutes and still waiting. Delivery was good 3 years ago. Poor service dining in
This place consistently takes forever to deliver. For example, ordered at 5:30, still not here at 7P. When I've called to check on the order, there is no apology, no discount, nothing. 
It's my own fault for giving them chances! 
Also, know that when you order, you're only going to get 3, maybe 4 morsels of meat/chicken. The rest is just sauce. It is, again and again, a completely awful experience.
This review is based mostly on service and not the food.

I ordered food for pickup. When I picked it up the host verbally reviewed my order and handed me the bag. When I got it to my destination there was an entree missing. I called and asked that the missing entree be delivered. He said 20-30 minutes. Got a phone call 10 minutes later saying my entree was probably mislabeled not missing and to check my order. This was definitely not the case!! I only ordered two so it was very clear with only one container. Again he said it would be delivered in  20-30 minutes. 45 minutes later still no delivery. I call again and they tell me the delivery person is only a few blocks away. I wait another40 minutes and call back. They tell me the same thing.  Delivery person calls a few minutes later claiming he is outside. I go out and no one is there! He had been given the wrong address. All told by the time the missing entree was delivered it was a full 2 hours from when I first picked up my take out. No credit, no coupons, nothing!

The food was delicious. But check your orders and I would never try delivery after this experience either!
I love this place. It has some of the best Indian dishes I"ve had in Philadelphia. The Palak Paneer I've had here was quite good. The cauliflower appetizer was awesome. Chaat dishes I've had better elsewhere, but not bad.

I also love that it's in the Passyunk Square neighborhood. While there are a lot of "hot" restaurants here, they tend to cater to the meat-eaters. Virtually everything at Tiffin can be made vegetarian. So glad it's here!
Just not worth it. Overpriced. Tiny portions. Way too long of a wait for delivery. 8 paid $15 to wait an hour and a half for chicken tikka...and got 7 pieces of chicken total. 7. They can't be bothered to throw in a couple pieces of naan either. place is less than a mile away and the food is slow cooked, how could it possibly take that long? The flavor is nothing to write home about either. I'll be looking for a new place for Indian food.
Fantastic!

Love having a spot for good Indian in south Philly. Food was terrific. I had the Lamb Korma and my date had the Chicken Tikka Masala. Both were flavorful and delicious. Service was equally fantastic. Will be back again and often.
Eaten here twice. First time food was very good, cauliflower appetizer was great. But the service was slow, however the server was nice. The second time, the same appetizer was not very good and the kitchen lost our order. It took an hour for the server to tell us.
I met a girlfriend here for dinner on Wednesday night.  I was really excited to see Tiffin pop up in the neighborhood, but we both had to wait for the opportunity to ditch the anti-curry boyfriends and go out!  

I made a reservation, but I didn't really need it.  When we got there, the place was pretty quiet.  To be fair- its a Wednesday at 6:30p!  Currently, Tiffin a BYOB, though they made it clear that they're after a liquor license.  I am a bit biased, but i prefer the BYOB!  We were sat at a very nice table, and given menus promptly.  The first thing I noticed is that this place is definitly a cut above the costs of Tiffin on Girard.  $$$!!!.  I'm used to paying $8.50 for Saag Paneer, but at Tiffin Bistro, it was $12.  I also noticed that the portion size was larger, so I got some leftovers out of it, which was fine by me!  We also split the veggie samsoas which were pretty damn good.  I didn't see that the Saag Paneer came with rice, so I ordered a naan which was pretty good, but also another $3 for a piece of basic bread.  

All in all, my meal was pretty good, and it was under $20.  The service was also pretty good.  As a BYOB, I'll be back to this spot.  But there is so much good Indian food around the city, if i have to pay $8 for a glass of wine that I won't like as much as my own, this place may fall from favorability.  I enjoyed catching up with my friend a lit more than the food itself.
Our experience was solid.  Flavors were fantastic...price point was decent.  This spot will definately be one of our go to Indian options!
We usually don't order from here but thought we'd give it a try. Bad choice. 

The Saag and Aloo Gobhi are so full of fennel that we couldn't taste the actual food. We ended up throwing it away because it was inedible. Such a waste of food and money. 

The Tikka Masala vegetable was exciting to order because usually places don't offer straight up vegetarian tikka masala. But this was more like a tomato soup than a tikka masala. 

The Dal Tadka was the best thing and it still was only ok. 

I guess if I didn't know good Indian I would like this. But I do. So I don't.
Everything was great. Food was great. Must check it out. Lisa was very helpful! Great place to go in south Philly!
I've been meaning to try this place after it was recommended to me many months ago. Wasn't exactly chomping at the bit when my co-stay-in-drink-wine-and-order-fooder wanted Indian (that's what I get for asking even though I'm craving panang curry). Fortunately I'm accommodating. 

I've tried my fair share of "Indian Restaurant" and "Indian Cuisine"s in this town. Tiffin was already scoring brownie points in my book for originality. 

Quick scan of the menu reveals numerous vegetarian options. I decided to forego the colon stress test and go with the classic that is saag paneer, medium spice. Co-orderer requested something with eggplant so I threw in a baingan bharta and of course, some naan for good measure.

Our catching up sesh absorbed my attention until my duodenal ulcers' gnawing reminded me the food hadn't arrived. Time check was about 50 minutes after I placed the order. Ok, still within the 45-60 min ETA window, fair.

My attention span subsequently became significantly shorter. 15 min later I had had enough and gave the restaurant a call. The phone number in the email was a fax number so, blame it on the wine, I started panicking that this was just an Indian mafia food delivery con scheme. The real number listed on google settled my nerves. 

It ultimately required THREE telephone calls for the food to come. Delivery man left the food at the desk (as I instructed) without calling me, nor did the desk lady, to inform me of the food's arrival. Total order-place-to-delivery-time was 90 minutes. Unacceptable. As I was waiting for the food to come I was fantasizing about how I was going to nail this fucking place to the wall on yelp. 

For starters, they give you a giant tub of basmati rice. Secondary to my emaciation, I poured a giant mountain of that shit on my plate prior to topping it with the saag paneer, doused some hot sauce on that shit, and dug in. I can't particularly comment on the authenticity to the cuisine but regardless, this was fucking DELICIOUS. Quite possibly the best Indian I've had so far in Philly. It was really creamy (#diet2018 isn't going well) and flavorful. MMMMM. I'm salivating at the thought. They could've given some more naan tho...

My friend left her leftovers, which I wasn't about to complain about. I poured more hot sauce on that this afternoon when I finished it off for lunch prior to being ABRUPTLY reminded she ordered hers spicy. I can legit still feel that shit burning a hole in my stomach as we speak. 

Anyways, in conclusion, the food is delicious but the delivery is a fucking joke. I'd love to order it again but christmas is likely to come first.
I came here by myself on a gorgeous Friday night to grab some dinner before meeting friends in the area.  I was craving Indian and heard good things about this spot.  When I arrived around 5:30, I had no problem grabbing a table outside.  In fact, I was the only one out there (though it quickly filled).  From 4:30 to 6:30 all drinks and appetizers are half off.  As a result, I decided to try a couple appetizers for my dinner.

I started with vegetable samosas, which came with two samosas and three dipping sauces--mango, lindenberry, and creamy cilantro.  All of the sauces were good, as were the samosas--I enjoyed the mango in particular, which had big chunks of the fruit in the chutney.

I followed that up with the chili chicken.  It was a more than generous plate of juicy, dark meat chicken.  It was not what I expected, as the chicken came fried, and while it was served with red and green peppers, there were no actual chilies to be found.  I expected it to be a bit spicier than it was, but the taste was good.  I ate this with an order of garlic naan, which tasted great, but was a bit more oily than I want in a five-star naan (and expensive at $4 for one).

The service was fine, if a bit neglectful.  This is likely due to my sitting outside by myself, but it could definitely be improved upon.  I ran completely out of drinks for about ten minutes at one point (perhaps not so coincidentally at the spiciest part of my meal).  Also, I ordered a glass of wine, waited for it for five minutes, and then the server told me it would be several more before I received it because they had to chill the bottle.  I switched my order, but perhaps Tiffin would be better served to keep one bottle of the four whites they offer in a refrigerator at all times.  

I had all that food and two drinks for less than $20 (plus tip).  I will definitely be back to try some other dishes they offer, including the main courses.
Don't ever order from this place. Left instructions to call upon delivery. Waited about 2 hours and when we called to check the status for the second time, found out it had been delivered. The delivery guy was let into the building and left the food sitting on a step downstairs.
If it weren't for places like Tiffin, South Philadelphia would still be a sea of bad pizza and trite yet vaguely Italian dishes. So they get a +1 just for being themselves. I really think having diversity in cuisine is important to the neighborhood considering the direction it's going. 

HOWEVER, my continuing patronage of this place puts me in a great position to be critical. Now, I love me some Indian food. And I was fortunate enough to grow up in a city where you could find the best damn Indian food in the world, third to India and London. 

When Tiffin first opened, it was a shining beacon of excellent Indian food. And philly sorely lacks Indian food. Lamb rigs josh was great.  Samosas are dope. Saag is amazing. The rice was and still is to die for. 

Idk what happened but at some point Tiffin started this slide into mediocrity. And after a few trips there, and some orders I accepted it. Initially I was in denial. I didn't want my favorite Indian place to be falling apart. But it was true...

So. Here we are. Tiffin is still there. Still soon a damn done happy hour. Still killing a few dishes. But man, as a whole it really dropped a few notches. I'm happy they are still there, but it crushes my soul that they lost a few steps in their cuisine game. Environment is great. Service is great. Local delivery often comes before the anticipated time. I'd like to say one more time that the happy hour is great. Great specials on food and drinks and definitely worth dropping by. I'm just sad how not went from Indian fine dining to simply being acceptable. 

And Philly is left without a decent Indian food place eat again...
Love Tiffin since I first discovered on Girard so many years ago.  They deserve the chain they've established, although I'm bummed some of the original recipes have been modified to suit the masses.  Progress it is, and I'll still swing by here n there.

Many Kudos always and as far as food goes, you're not getting the original, but the food and the people are still excellent.
Ordered delivery through the app and 1.5 hours later found out that the restaurant decided to cancel my delivery. I had received an email confirmation. I live within the delivery zone. 

The restaurant didn't call or email to notify me of the cancellation. I called and after waiting on hold was told that they cancelled it and "tried to reach me". The reason seemed to be they just didn't want to deliver it. They said we could pick it up and they'd give us a discount. We reluctantly went to pick it up because it was late, they gave us a paltry discount as an apology, and we had limited options for other restaurants. When we got home we discovered the food was terrible!!!! I've eaten from multiple Tiffin locations and have never had such bad food. The fried items were soaked in grease and tasted like they'd been fried hours earlier then reheated. The spice levels were way off (we like our Indian food spicy), and the taste was watered down and sad. 

Tiffin lost a loyal customer, never again.
I was meeting a friend for a work lunch and we both had a hankering for some Indian food. I've always wanted to try the food at Tiffin, even though it is a chain establishment which sometimes makes it difficult to gage do to the level of expectation or, lack thereof. 

I kept it simple and ordered the Tandori Chicken. I wasn't wowed, but I wasn't disappointed neither. The meal pretty much did what it was supposed to do; satisfy my hunger, without disappointing my taste buds. Decent amount of seasoning, and the chicken was well prepared. The vegetable samosas were probably the best thing from the entire service. 

I wasn't disappointed with my lunch but Tiffin didn't quite make my list of one of my go to establishments, I would say this is would be a great place in a crunch but they do take their time to prepare your meal, and I have respect that. However, if I have more time to enjoy a meal, I probably wouldn't consider this establishment.
