Tir Na Nog's great place to go to watch soccer on weekends.  The crowd is full of "real" Irish guys and gals--not the annoying "my great grandmother was born in Dublin" Irish Americans, though that types out in full force on St. Paddy's Day.    Friendly staff--both Irish and American.  Lots of fun to hear the stories and talk footie with people there.  Really good Irish breakfasts.  

I've been there once or twice for Happy Hours it's always crowded with the after work type crowds.  Service can suffer a bit, but it's always a fun atmosphere so you don't really notice.
I get it... It's St. Patty's day and they figure everyone is drunk or going to be, so why not charge more, offer less, and otherwise blame it on the guy in green.  

Let's start with a $10 cover, which other than entrance to the overcrowd bar, provides nothing.  Really, couldn't even fake it by having a band jamming on the stage?  Then, let's consider the drink 'specials', which might pass as normal pricing any other day of the year.  We can continue with the piss-poor attitudes every staff member offered.  Yes, I know its St. Patty's and it sucks that you have to work.  That doesn't mean I'm ok with you treating me like trash.  Its not like I'm asking for tons of your time when I order bottle beers.

Alas.  I've been to Tir Na Nog on non-St. Patty's and found it to be an average bar.  Rather than write a 3-star review that adds nothing to the reviews already posted, I'll use this review to remind them that poor service is never acceptable, even on an otherwise crazy holiday.
Just stopped in for an afternoon cocktail after 5 hours of touring the downtown of Philadelphia. It is nestled by a small street on the side and a Main Street in front. It has a small outside patio area (6-7 tables) with a nice view of the skyline. It is also shaded by the buildings which was really nice. I heartedly recommend the Watermelon Lemonade Summer cocktail, with Tito's vodka, watermelon syrup and fresh lemon juice. Perfect for a 90 degree summer day. Kudos to my server, Lily, who went above and beyond and was a fun conversationalist. Plus, she is a hard-working Midwest girl which is always a plus!  :).
I really wanted to LOVE Tir Na Nog and be "pleasantly surprised" by the tricked-out pseudo-Irish-stylized pub grub - but here's what really happened...

I went to Tir Na Nog last night as part of a private dinner party - there were about 14 of us.  We had a semi-open bar for 45 minutes - and beer on tap and house red or white wine.  I had the Pinot Grigio which I did not enjoy.  However, the barkeep (a lovely young lady) and hostess were attentive and very, very hospitable keeping everyone's glasses full.

I shoulda had a pint of Harp or Bass.  Oh well.  Next time.

Then we were ushered into a private dining area.  A choice of soup or Salad (this was - in my opinion) the best part of the meal.  The house salad was EXCELLENT - 4 stars easily - perfectly dressed fresh greens, lots of cukes & carrots and 2 perfect cherry tomatoes.  Accomanied by a basket of fresh warm bread.  I succumbed to the Irish Soda Bread with creamy butter.  Sooooo good!  A friend had the potato parmesan soup which looked awesome (and fattening as hell) and she just LOOOVED it.

But the entree failed me.  We had 4 choices - a burger (looked great), grilled salmon (looked OK - not earth shattering), a big greasy plate of delicious fish and chips (I tasted a friend's fish - which was begging for malt vinegar - a bottle quickly appeared.) - and my entree - the roast chicken.

Or should I say the dessicated chicken?  

This chicken was so dry and over cooked it was just not enjoyable.

UGH.  OK - Star off for that.

Dessert redeemed TNN - with a luscious banana split - with warm caramelized banana halves.

We had a lovely time and I will return (and maybe even give 'em 4 stars next time) but no WAY would I order the roast chicken EVER again.

Oh - you should also know that prior to our dinner - a colleague and I sat on the outdoor patio (we had arrive early) and were given water in FILTHY dirty glasses.  The server hastily replaced them - but it skeeved me out quite a bit.

Glassware in general is not well washed here.
As a recognized supporters bar for Manchester City soccer, made a reservation to enjoy their game with the family.  Upon arrival, confirmed that we were there for the game.  Unfortunately, they seated us in a room with all of the rugby supporters watching a nations league game on the opposite side of the restaurant from the soccer action.  We could see a tv with soccer, but the speakers were blaring commentary for the RUGBY game. WTF?

Fish and chips was more breading than fish. Would have had four drinks if waiter ever bothered to check on us.
COMEDY OF ERRORS

I met a friend here for her birthday party on Saturday evening at around 6p.  There were already five people in the party when we arrived.  Somehow wires got crossed and the server for that station thought we were doing bar service - or this was the explanation I got as to why no one had been to the table in the 15 minutes prior to my arrival.  So the waiter comes by, apologizes, takes half the table's drink order, disappears.  I didn't even notice that he partially took an order at all.  

I returned to hassle the hostess who then did some running around like a chicken without a head for another five minutes and then I went to her by the POS station and she then decided to finish taking our drink order and food order when the waiter THEN returned with four beverages.  I at first asked for a draught list but then just ordered the pumpkin ale that my friend had gotten to expedite things.  All of the drinks finally come except one which when I get up again to see our server who has not dropped by and was informed that they are getting a bottle of Jack Daniels from the liquor room as the bar is out.  The hostess then returns to let us know that they are OUT of Jack.  

The food order starts coming out.  Runner is auctioning off food including a fish and chips which no one at the table ordered.  I let him know that my chicken Caesar is missing and he runs off before I notice another person is missing their buffalo chicken wrap.  Husband's burger was more medium-well than medium-rare and the chicken on my salad was tough and flavorless.  

Rest of the evening went well.  We were nice enough to overtip - were too exasperated to deal with getting change and divvying up the extras.

I don't know if their service is normally this disjointed but it definitely is not a place that I would chose.
After multiple visits within the past 2 months, I've chosen to rate Tir Na Nog 2 stars.

The Potato Leek Soup and the Fish and Chips platter are absolutely amazing, I highly recommend, and these are the only reason I gave 2 stars.

The service has been consistently terrible.  I was there one night with a group of 6, the server would take one persons order and run away, leaving about 10 minutes before returning, and on it went 6 times.  Refills? forget it, would ignore being flagged down, and on top of it all had a terrible attitude.  Another night, at the front bar, the two bartenders who were working during a pretty slow time, spent the time talking to each other, not paying attention to the few of us customers trying to flag them down for a beer.  And yet another time, sat at a table with 3, ordered the soup and fish and chips that we love, before the fish and chips platter was served, we were handed the check, and every 2 minutes the server kept asking if we were ready with it.  We told her politely we will flag her down when we are ready, but that did not stop the extremely pushy nature of this server (and its not like it was last call/closing time or anything.)

Very dissatisfied with each visit.  I tried to see if things would change from day to day, but I've yet to have decent, let alone pleasant, visit.  I will miss the soup, but its not worth the experience, I will not be returning.
Sure'n be steppin bay a wee bit mure with Football erevin'...(re reading this out loud sounds like a Scotch/Irish mess instead of Irish which I was striving at...sorey...

Great place, similar to a previous poster, when you have a beer on tap that you love, it can make the place your own..For me it was the Boddington's on tap..Love this place to watch the soccer matches Sat and Sun's and the staff knows what they are doin..Not a bad place for happy hour as well.
DO NOT BRING A GROUP HERE, HAVE A PARTY, OR GO TO WATCH ANYTHING ON TV. A friend of mine was making an appearance on the new Steve Harvey show and we all gathered here to watch. He called ahead and was told that we'd be able to use a tv (not a huge request considering they probably have 10). When we got there, the TV in the section they showed us to was not on. It took forever for someone to turn it on - our waitress brought us our drinks instead of trying to fix the problem- and when they did, the sound was not working. At this point our friend was going to be on in just minutes, so we ran to the bar and asked them to find a working tv. They half-heartedly attempted it but no one was assigned this specific task- the bartender was still tending bar, waitresses still waitressing, etc. They could not figure out what sound went with what TV. We watched some of his segment on mute, then they inexplicably changed the channel. Finally the bartender started messing around with the knobs in earnest but never found the right channel and we missed the segment altogether. Daytime shows are not On Demand or aired a second time, so we all (including the friend- the show was pre-taped) missed his appearance. They shrugged this off like it wasn't a particularly big deal. We were a party of nine- several were from out of town. Not a good impression. When the friend  whose TV appearance we missed suggested that we close out our the modest tab we'd started while we waited (two beers, an iced tea, and a soda) I assumed they wouldn't let him- I thought they'd feel terrible about what happened and obviously comp the drinks. Nope. They charged us. We paid and we left.

Now, I ask you, if this was the Super Bowl, would they have spent 15 minutes fiddling around with the TV, unable to get it working? No. They'd plan ahead. The TV would be on, and the sound would be working, before crowds even started. We called ahead. We brought a group of paying customers. We did not get what we were promised. No one in my party will be going back.
Good service. Good Irish whiskey selection. Lots of regulars at the bar. The service was good.
Tir na Nog can be a really hard place to like somtimes.  The drinks are expensive, half the food isn't great, any girl in your party is going to hit on by 30 yr old former frat dudes in their young republican costumes and  the weekend cover bands need to learn something other than Journey or Fountains of Wayne.

That being said, there are some things that make Tir a blip on the Center City br radar.  The bartenders and staff make some good goddamn drinks.  I'm buzzed after one (and I was in the Navy), but I don't make the yuck face after every sip.  Perfect hiding of drinks that have too much booze in them.  They have a good beer selection and even when busy, your drink gets remembered and you feel well taken care of by everyone from the doormen to the busboys.

I do end up spending half my time there in the alley smoking, but they let you bring your drinks out there and you don't have to be coralled in the smoker's cage like some places.  

Half of their food may suck, but the other half is perfect snack fare off the bar menu at least.  I recommend the popcorn shrimp or the sliders as table sharefood.  

Go when you already have a heavy buzz and at least three of your friends are going to be there.  Be prepared for semi-cougar, really drunk and probably married broads to 1.) spill a drink on you 2.) make you dance with them to an awful cover of Stacy's Mom 3.) Fall down

I've had some really good times there, but I once saw a really chubby Asian guy with a beard take his shirt off while dancing by himself to Billie Jean.  Then he walked around the bar hanging his shirt off his finger hitting on all the girls still lingering around at closing time.  It's really a crapshoot.  You decide if it is worth the risk.
First, I love Irish pubs even in the heart of America.  And, Tir Na Nog in center city Philadelphia has a great welcoming atmosphere that you might find on Grafton Street or in the Temple Bar section of Dublin.

But, I have to be honest in the context of this review ... I have been to Tir Na Nog in Philadelphia twice and both were for special occasions related to my hometown of Buffalo New York.  I did not sit at a table for a meal ... I did not give the menu a real close perusal (I am definitely planning on doing that after my latest experience.) but I was at this 16th Street location within the heart of a long standing Philadelphia building to spend time with people from the City of Good Neighbors!

This latest visit was tied to my football team, the Buffalo Bills, being in the playoffs and it was chosen by the Buffalo Bills Backers of Philadelphia! When I opened the doors all I saw were people of all ages wearing the colors of the Buffalo Bills and wearing smiles on their faces.  So, I was in a happy place.

But, this review is not about old home days and the joy of being with people who celebrate the special place we all come home.  This review is about the way a well run restaurant/pub takes on the challenge of a large and frankly very noisy crown.  Tir Na Nog did it with excellence!

I did take a glance around this pub and was impressed with the set up.  Tir Na Nog is HUGE but intimate.  There were plenty of tv's positioned so that our crowd could see the game wherever we were standing ... yes, most were standing.

But you go to a pub and what do you want?  Some brew!  So I squeezed my way up to the edge of the bar and watched this happy hard working barkeep keeping her customers satisfied!   I learned later in the day that this was the largest crowd they have had for a football game but what gives them a 5 star rating was their ability to adapt, be positive and take care of the hungry thirsty crowd.  They did this with excellence and by keeping a smile on their faces.

It wasn't just the young woman working behind the bar but the waiters and waitresses had the more difficult task because they had to wade through the crowd balancing food and drink without making contact with elbows and cheering fans.   Believe me I watched them ... they were smiling (Now, I have no doubt it was a very tiring day on the floor but they were always smiling from kickoff until the end of the game.) and not once did I see a single piece of food slip off their trays.

Another admission, I didn't eat but I observed, which I realize is not a real way to analyze food but it is what I did.  I watched a lot of food pass by my place on the floor and the presentation was superb.  The food looked good and the scent of the freshly prepared food (Lots of WINGS) was appealing.  The cheeseburger being engulfed by a young man near me had a great looking brioche roll and the comments about the fries indicating that they were fried excellence.

My prior experience also was a crowded situation that proved the staff of Tir Na Nog is very capable of a large crowd, which is a good indicator of their ability to care for folks one-on-one.

So, take this review for what it's worth ... I plan to get back to sample a meal, which would allow an updated review.  I know the Bills Backers of Philly hope that this is their new home for the 2018 season but for those of you looking for a good Irish pub give this Center City location a shot!
As "Tir Na Nog," means Land of Eternal Youth, I guess it's only natural that this Irish sports bar has a Land of Eternal Youth themed stained glass window on the way to the bathroom. I'm a little obsessed with this thing because the panes feature a unicorn, and a guy who looks like he's frowning, and a lady in pink, whose face we never see. I find it quite creepy, in the way that I want to take a photo with instagram with it and caption it, "Say whuuhhh?" 

Dim lighting, large, dark-wooded bars, plenty of TVs, here. If I'm in Tir Na Nog, the bar and grill, it's because I'm watching soccer. If I'm in Tir Na Nog, Land of Eternal Youth, I'm probably sporting that mullet I had at 9 years old, with my luck.
Typical Irish pub/bar for Philly.  Lots of standing space and plenty of seating if you get there early.  I've been here a couple times, and it was very much the same experience-- loud, very many people, and questionable live music.  With that said, the draft prices are fair if you're drinking Guinness, Harp, Boddington's, etc. and the scotch isn't too expensive for glass.  The food offerings sound good on paper, but aren't great in person.  E.g., ordered the nachos and it was a wad of half-melted cheese on a pile of decent tortilla with scattered black beans and a splattering of sour cream. 

Though, history says that they make you pay cover to watch soccer on weekend mornings.  If that still holds true, I'd send you to Fado's.

The bottomline: Tir-Na-Nog is a decent Irish bar where you can get down on Saturday, watch soccer on Sunday, and half a pint or some whiskey all the while.
It was just okay. Beers, burger, appetizer. Sat outside, it was a nice night. Not super attentive staff. Watching mice play along the outside of the building and near your feet to steal scraps was super amusing.  Zero reason to return.
Still roughly the same experience, years later.  Average happy hour spot with okay food and decent drink specials, but nothing to write home about.   I honestly think the only reason this place is still open and thriving is cause of its prime real estate.  Quite possibly the best intersection to have an establishment at, tourist-wise.

I ordered the turkey burger again this time cause I remember liking it the first time I got it, but it completely changed this time (no guac) and was kind of a rubbery, cheesy, sloppy, onion-covered mess.  Fries were crunchy and good, so that redeemed my meal.  They have half off certain apps for happy hour, so kicking myself for not doing that.  My friend got calamari and it was actually really, really good for an Irish pub, so duly noted.  As was the BBQ chicken flatbread pizza.

Pretty cheap glasses of house wine, so I stuck with that.  Not my last time coming here, as the outdoor seating is hard to beat, but not my first choice either.
Went here for a work event. Service was extremely rude and in accommodating even though we had around 20 people. I don't appreciate being treated as such when we are bringing a lot of money into the establishment. I have them 2 stars just because the food is decent (if you like that sort of thing). I would not return.
My first stop on a Wednesday night beer week bar crawl.  Got here around 6 and it was packed, but my friend managed to grab a spot at the bar before I got there so we were pretty set.  

The bartenders were really efficient considering how crowded it was.  At one point there was a delay in getting a Boddingtons and the bartender told us the next round was on her because we were so patient.  Yea!

I don't have anything bad to say, but no intentions to return, it was just an air-conditioned stop before the beer garden at the Four Seasons.
This place has a definite Irish feel to it.  We went for a going away party, and they had reserved a nice little area for us.  It is very rustic looking, with oak tables and bars, and comphy chairs to sit in.  The beer selection was awesome, they even had the 250th anniversary Guiness there!  The bar food that was ordered was very tasty and was hot when it got to us.  The nachos are particularly delicious.  It isn't any more pricey than most bars downtown, and it should be expected really.  I really like this place, for the ambiance, the wait service and the pub n grub.
Eh... it's probably more of a 3.5 Rating review.

Was here a couple months ago while I was in town for work/conference.

On a weekday night -- there were more than a handful of patrons, but not annoyingly busy.

Food - Good bar food.
Beer - Plenty of selection, number of specials throughout the week.
Staff - Friendly enough.
Overall - Come-back-able.
I literally saw a mouse climbing the wall. I told the hostess and she did nothing about it. Absolutely disgusting.
I hear it has been sold.  I hope the food will be edible. I hope there will no longer be drunk bartenders. I hope the bar will no longer feel sticky. I hope the place will be clean.  I hope the waitstaff and bartenders care about customers and not just about hanging out with each other. This place is a mess. It can only get better....I hope.
Your hostess is EXTREMELY RUDE. We're from Buffalo and wanted to check out a Bills backer bar. When we first came in, she barely looked up from her phone when we were trying to ask her questions. The tables were all taken but we simply asked if we could put our name down in case one became available and once again while looking at her phone told us "it was pointless" . The place was fun and the food is good but it's a shame this bar put a bad taste in our mouth when we first got there. I would reconsider who you have as the face of your establishment when people are first greeted.

**Edit. I don't want to discredit the fact this bar is awesome to watch Bills games. There were tons of TVs service was quick and they played the Shout song every time the Bills scored which was a fun touch. We weren't expecting to be able to sit with how busy it was but several tables left through out the game and a server was super nice and quick to let us have one. We ordered off the game specials and the food was good but they also had a nice brunch menu that would be worth trying sometime. The bar was packed with Eagles and Bills fans but everyone was friendly and made it feel like home.
This is exactly what I wanted for the Bills Wildcard game, fandemonium! The space was large enough to accommodate and the staff worked their tails off during this event. They were even able to find me among a sea of fans for my food in a reasonable time after I ordered it. I ordered the chicken fingers which I felt is a safe and easy choice. They were just ok, maybe they are better, when leas overrun.
We arrived, a party of five around 7:45 on a Monday night.  Hardly anyone in the place and the hostess chose to seat us in the far back  corner.  The place has several televisions broadcasting various games, yet she seated us at a table near the only TV that was not turned on.  We placed our drink orders and they brought us the obligatory soda breads.    Once our water glasses had been filled, they were never refilled - well mine was upon a second request.  One of the guys in our party asked for a substitution and our waitress said she would check.  It was at this point, our waitress traded us out to another server.  Our meals took what seemed like an eternity to come out and then of course, our new waitress had never heard of the substitution request (he wanted couscous instead of fries) and so that ended up a fiasco.  He ended up ordering the couscous as a side because they could not comprehend the substitution concept here.   I had salmon that came served over something flavourles that looked much like something I had coughed up during a bout with a recent cold!  It was green and gummy looking and I still have no clue what it was.  The guy next me ordered a chicken and pasta dish that was loaded with mostly what looked like boiled chicken skin.  My boyfriend had some sort of bundled asparagus chicken concoction and seemed to enjoy it.  The vegetarian at the table also seemed to find his dish acceptable (some spinach pasta dish).  We wanted to ask our server if they would turn the hockey game on but she was not to be found throughout our meal.  Finally she came around and asked if we wanted to see the dessert menu.  Again, once she dropped off the menus, not even John Daw could find her (if he were alive today)!  A few of us wanted dessert but opted out when we realized that we would be there another hour waiting for it!  So we asked for the check and had our card on the ready when she arrived so she could not get away.  

On the plus side, our waitress was cute and smelled really good and was overall pleasant when we did see her AND they have plenty of good options on tap (well, duh!  it IS an Irish pub)!

By the way, they finally turned the game on as we were about to leave.
I stopped in for one beer today ($5.50 for a Guinness, too expensive), which would certainly prove to be all.  A bunch of suits with CNBC on the flatscreens, everything overpriced and no happy hour specials or cool people or good music. YUCK.
This place has the rudest service. I go there for long work lunches to watch soccer games in the afternoon at least once a month. I'm always friendly and I always tip well. However, today, I went in and sat down as usual and was ignored for the entire time I was there. I just wanted a beer and a burger and some fries, was it really too much to ask? I tried to get the attention of several servers and all of them looked away from me as soon as I tried to open my mouth. Is there something wrong with my money? Was there a reason to not serve me? I will now walk a half mile to the other soccer bars in town rather across the street to this rude establishment.
I've been here a bunch of times and I always tell myself that I'm never going back.  There's nothing really wrong with Tir Na Nog, it's just not that great.  The beers are kind of on the pricey side ($6/pint) and the whole 'pub food' component is missing.  They've got a few burgers and a chicken finger appetizer, but nothing spectacular.

They make a nice snakebite (Guinness/Cider) so that's a plus.
ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW IS THEY HAVE $1 mimosas

Being a girl from New York, prices like these are hard to come by, also there Is so much space 

$1 MIMOSAS $1 MIMOSAS
Cheesesteak egg rolls are very good. Fish and chips are huge portions. Our waiter, Jude, was able to give us good beer recommendations and was very attentive the entire night. Got the single cut nitro chocolate stout. Very good beer. Long beer list after that. Everyone enjoyed their food and drinks here. Would recommend coming if you are in the area.
The food was not good at all and the drinks could have been stronger. There was nice live entertainment that night but I think the staff was a bit snobby.
I went there with my boyfriend for his friend's birthday on a Saturday night. They had a cover band playing all sorts of songs. Of course there were random girls and a weird guy dancing. We chewed on some nachos and I had a glass of Hard Apple Cider which was okay. It's what you should expect from an Irish Pub!
My folks and I headed here for reubens after visiting the Christmas Village in Love Park on Sunday. It's kind of tucked away, but the inside atmosphere is definitely pub-like. We all got the open-faced reuben, which was not warm at all. It seemed as though cold saurkraut was placed on the sandwich, then a piece of cheese stuck on top and placed under the broiler just until the cheese looked melted (either that or the sandwiches sat for a LOOOOOG time before they were delivered). Meh. 

The service was horrible, even though there were only a couple of patrons. Waitress seemed a little confused, and it took a while to wave her down when we needed something. 

The fries, however, were a highlight - well seasoned and crispy!  But I'll go elsewhere when my next reuben craving kicks in.
I am a sucker for a good Shepherd's Pie.  I enjoyed mine.  There was a lot of  lamb in it, which I love.  I am more accustomed to a gamier taste to the lamb, this one was milder.  I could have fooled my wife into eating it and telling her it was beef.  Something I have done on more than one occasion at home when I make a big pot of stew.  The Shepherd's Pie was solid comfort/peasant food, which always makes me think of Ireland.   I had many perfect pints while enjoying my meal.  My Friend Chris joined my wife and me for a birthday lunch here.  He ate his meal up before I even noticed what he ordered.  It must have been good.  The wife enjoyed the Fried Cod, she thought it was on par with anything she had in Ireland, so this was good.
The place reminds me of Dublin pub, without the awesome, drunken live music I enjoyed daily while there a few years ago.  Even still, it was a great experience.    4 stars for this place across the board, no questions asked.

I will go back.
Seems that service depends on your skin tone? If you're white, they'll serve you and care. 

Just had an experience where a bartender walked over three times and ignored me, after making eye contact (a bit overweight blonde bartender with long hair) and another bartender came over, made eye contact, and pretended not to hear me (this one was a skinny male with short brown hair)

I just left instead. I guess they're concerned more with who they serve rather than making money and serving *all* customers
Everything this bar does Fado seems to do just a little bit better, But it's still a great Irish pub to go to. It's a very roomy bar with a great selection. and it's very close to the parkway hotels, so it's the best bar to hit when you have friends visiting on business or for the weekend. Tir Na Nog also serves some pretty good pub food.
and For those wondering, Tir Na Nog means The Land Of Eternal Youth in Irish.
Great little pub with my favorite waitress, Iva.  This place will be on my list of places to go each time I'm in Philly.  Don't expect a lot of frills, but the food is good, the beer is strong, and the wait staff fits in.  I'd recommend parking in the underground garage across the street.  It's a few dollars more, but open 24 hrs (in case you need to leave your car over night after over imbibing).

I'm actually really impressed with the rotating beers they have on tap.  A good range for all tastes.
Tir Na Nog, despite its voluminous spacing and in-numerous television screens fails to deliver based on its lack-luster services, food quality, and frequent mistakes.

Must get: maybe the Irish breakfast?
Meh: Roast pork sandwich
Missed out: I don't know

My wife and I came here for brunch, looking for an authentic Irish brunch experience. While the menu certainly contains the aforementioned items, the only similarity is by name alone. The service started out great, with a friendly waitress describing the menu and drink items, however, that quickly fell apart as each of the beverages requested were later found to be gone (and this was only 11:30am). My wife was all set on the Irish breakfast, containing fried eggs, toast, beans, bangers, and black pudding. I decided to go for a more lunch meal and figured to stay safe with the roast pork sandwich. I will say that having lived in Philly, I've come to have high expectation of the roast pork sandwich, and I will say confidently that Tir Na Nog does NOT do it any justice. The sandwich was served in half, with a very large portion of the sandwich unfilled with any meat or vegetables. The provolone on top of the meat was a thick layer of cool rubber by the time it came to our table; the roast pork was the greatest insult, as it was both dry and also reminded me of a water-blanched protein that's been soaked in the same leftover water from the blanched and tasteless broccolini. Oh yeah, the bread was also mushy on the bottom without any flavor contributions. As for the Irish breakfast, I thought it was subpar with its (what I presume to be canned-)beans, mushy bangers, and generic white toast. There was truly nothing spectacular about this brunch. 

Finally, the last nail on the coffin was when we were billed for an extra drink that we never ordered and had to wait 15 minutes for the waitress to talk to her manager about the yelp 15% coupon. At the end of the day, unless there is a major overhaul with the management, kitchen, and services, I will recommend other brunch establishment for local Philadelphians.

Food: 1 star
Service: 1 star
Ambiance: 2-3 stars
Price: 1 star
Tir Na Nog continues to be a favorite for me after work and on weekends for the rustic Irish atmosphere and good food they dish out. My faves include the wings and huge onion rings that come out of the kitchen hot and crisp. They also have a terrific on-tap selection, one of the best I've seen anywhere. Almost everyone on staff tries to make you feel at home and are extremely friendly. Visit on a weeknight after work and I'm sure you'll be a happy camper on the way home.
Husband and I went here for the first time last night for the Tullamore Dew whiskey tasting. The set up and presentation from Tully Reps were great. We were sat at large tables and with the whiskey flowing we quickly made friends with our fellow tasters. 

We came early to enjoy some drink before hand. We couldn't sat down yet but server quickly offer us drink to enjoy at a table nearby. We were offer refills by another server before we had to look around for our server. Great teamwork makes a customer experience that much more enjoyable. 

They offered finger food, standard pub fare like hummus, wings, quesadillas etc but personally didn't eat any cos of dinner reservations afterwards. 

Why only 3 stars? Their bathrooms were nasty. 3 girls line up to use one toilet because the other stalls were nasty dirty. From blocked toilets to sanitary pads laying around. They need to check their bathrooms regularly. Especially on busy night. 

Will return for lunch to check out their food and hopefully more stars.
This place sports a decent beer list, great people watching and reasonable prices. I find myself wandering here a few times a year, usually without any premeditation on my part. It's out of the way for me but I'd you're in the area you can't go wrong... And the service is great.
What a treat.  When I travel I always try local and this spot on recommendation from the hotel did not disappoint. Bartenders are from Ireland which is a huge plus. The beer menu is absolutely outstanding and they had one of my favorite Irish whiskeys that you don't find everywhere. Fried pickles as an appetizer - who knew!  Amazing! (Super hot give them a minute while you enjoy a beer) and the recommendation of the shepherds pie was bang on. Lots of Lamb - total comfort food.  

I was in early... say 7ish. Was pretty slow and a holiday weekend. Would love to see this place on a Friday night or during a soccer match!
After getting our menus, I speculated to my buddy that Tir Na Nog must be Gaellic for $12 cheeseburger. I thought it was too pricey, and given the place seemed populated by fatso Philadelphia lawyers and the secretaries they're cheating with, I guess they've hit a certain demographic that I don't belong to.
I have been to Tir Na Nog numerous times throughout my life as a center city "professional". The beer on tap selection is pretty decent all the irish staples..I love being able to get Strongbow cider on tap :) They also have a good selection of bottles but why bother when you have so many on tap!?!

As far as the food goes I feel its a bit overpriced and on the small side, selection wise. I stick with the bar menu - the quesadillas actually aren't too bad.

Great for happy hour or going out with a large group since the space is pretty vast and there are lots of corners and crevasses to hide out in.
The bartenders and bouncers care more about the friendships they have than the safety of their patrons. If you happen to cross paths with someone the bouncers or bartenders know then you will always be In the wrong and get laughed at when you tell your story. Get attacked at tir na nog and you'll be escorted out of the bar and the bartender will kiss the guy on the cheek that chocked you out. Get a clue tir na nog and remember what kind of people help pay your bills.
This place looks way better then it is. Srsly. Its expensive. But its in a pretty building and they probably pay through the nose for rent so it is what it is. I had some sort of Tuna Melt. It was pretty alright. I also tried the Irish Bacon Burger (i forget the Irish name for Bacon, but shit, its all bacon right?) The food was not special, but didn't taste like sharts either, so....

It just looks way better then it is. Does that make sense?

Also, stay away from Happy Hour. If not you'll be mauled by 20 somethings trying to get a leg up on the drunk guy next to them.
we went there for dinner-the waitress took our order-15 minutes later our drinks were served.we waited 40 minutes longer and our dinner never came. We had to leave -told the waitress and she didn't know that even though she walked by our table several times.
We won't return
Great lil' spot, we stopped in for a quick lunch, Our server was a peach, she was friendly, quick and efficient, I had a Caesar salad with chicken and let me tell you, the chicken was SO tender! yum! my husband had the burger with avocado and and egg which was killer and our son had the cheese steak, I was full after my salad but creme brulee is my fav and it was on the menu, I'm glad that I decided to extend my belt for it because it was DEE-LISH! I loved it, chef knows what he's doing because it's just plain ole' good food, we've been before and we'll be back again!
Not for dinner - This is my fault because I neglected to read reviews prior to going.  I went because I got a deal via living social, $40 for $80 of food.  First - service was horribly slow.  Waitress greeted us 10 minutes after being seated, didn't bother to introduce herself.  Acted like she had an attitude because we were ready to order our food with our drinks.  

Second - I ordered the scallop special but they were out.  12 minutes after I received my order, a woman two tables over was given scallops.  I did not ask what that was about since I have no intention of returning.  I ordered salmon which tasted good, however, the portion size was not worth $25.  The diner next to me ordered the same and her portion was nearly double mine.  It was supposed to be served with chard, however, it was served with butternut squash.  My fiance ordered crab cakes.  He said they were ok but not seasoned well.  I tasted them and they were fine to me.  There were 2 for $27 served with a rice pilaf.  

We ordered dessert to go and I asked for the ice cream to be placed in a separate container.  The waitress said they always put it in a separate container.  Of course, I did not get ice cream and had to request it from the waitress.  She was aloof, uninterested, not personable, and did not smile.  I'm a mystery shopper and evaluate customer service often and she was just not a good server.

I will not be back.  I unwillingly left an $8 tip because I know waitresses work for tips and normally tip 20%, but honestly she deserved $2.  This was supposed to be a nice birthday dinner for my fiance.  Never again!  We live in South Jersey so it was a was of gas, time, parking money and tolls.
We visited Philly and Tir Na Nog in particular because they have a Draft Master Beer Table, which we were in the market to purchase.  We sat at the table, poured our own pints, chatted with the staff and management and had a wonderful time.  The Ambiance is wonderful!  Great staff and great service.  An absolutely gorgeous pub in the heart of Philly!  Can't wait to visit again!
OK, so I am a little biased in favor of Tir Na Nog because I have never paid for anything here, ever.  The crowd here is the laid back professional type and it can be fun to watch suits get  tipsy and hit on the attractive wait-staff.

The food is above average for an Irish Pub.The quesadillas and chicken tenders are great apps to snack on while sipping on some quality draft beer.  If you work in Center City this place is a must for happy hour on a Friday...I would go even if I had to pay!
I went here for just a few beers with my friends, than I wound up having one of the best meals I've had in a long time. Everyone I was with would agree all the same, what ever you guys are doing, keep it up! 

I decided to go with the fried chicken sandwich, I was expecting a normal pub sandwich, boy was I wrong. I didn't know a chicken sandwich would be so good. My friend wouldn't shut up about his braised short ribs, tried one of them and I ordered a plate for myself. If I could give these guys 6 stars, I would.
Sunday afternoon, not crowded.  Took over an hour to get food. Asked several times and told it would be up any minute. Didn't actually get food until said we were leaving. When food arrived it was way overcooked. Several tables which were seated after us received their food before us. Bummed because I was expecting much more as seemed to have nice atmosphere when we arrived. Will not return nor recommend to anyone.
I love Guinness. This is the first place I'll go when Im craving one. I've never been to Ireland and I'm sure it doesn't compare...but they do it so much better at Tir Na Nog then any other bar I've been to (and rightfully should).

The calamari is my favorite in the city (seasame seeded and a delicious sweet and sour dipping sauce). 

I've never really been here for much more then a few beers and the calamari, so I can't really vouch for anything else. Except I was here for St. Patty's Day along with half of Philly. A little crowded for my taste, but great atmosphere :)

I always have a good time here. I have nothing to emphatically rave about (except listening to Irish brogue's is always a treat), but I have absolutely nothing to complain about. You shouldn't be dissaponted with Tir Na Nog if you go.
The corned beef spring rolls are AMAZING!!. Very juicy though so make sure you have plenty of napkins!. I had the fish and chips. "the fish was very large along with fries. The slaw was waaay too spicy for me but that's just my taste.Didn't cre too  much for the lemon remulade they gave but used the coleman's left over from the spring rolls and was happy.. The only reason I didn't give them a four star is because the service was a little slow.
Just visited for an early dinner with family in from Baltimore.  First impressions started off poorly as soon as we opened the Dinner Menu.  It's not the same as what's posted on their website.  It took several tries to get the waiter to understand when he finally admitted..."we don't do a good job of keeping our online menu updated".

Having settled for items on the actual menu the meal was OK.  However near the end, around 5:15 PM they started playing with the volume of the background music,  aka noise and cranked it up by 50%.  I have an app on my phone that registered over 110dbs.  Hardly an atmosphere to chat with family or friends.

I'd say the 20 year olds running the place need some adult supervision.
No matter where we go in Center City, we ALWAYS end the night at Tir Na Nog. I'm giving this place 5 stars based on the atmosphere and the service. It's a great irish bar where even the bar tenders have an irish accent. Great beer selection and Mike is the best bartender, always takes great care of us and remembered us even after our second time there! The food is good but don't expect gourmet...it's good bar food. Dark wood decor and many TV's. Love it.
Meh...

Alright, the finger food I did have was delicious as well was two out of 20 beers that I had.  The service was pretty spot on with a great sense of humor.  

But all in all, this place just seem set for business people right after they get out of their jobs.  Thus, no happy hour.  Booo.

I suppose I could go here again but I'm not really going to go out of my way to do so...
We had great service at Tir Na Nog but their gluten free options were very limited and menu was not marked accordingly. I had a burger with no bun, which was ok and very overpriced. My sister got the pretzel with cheese and the cheese was not good. My sister also got the wings which she enjoyed. As someone with a gluten allergy, It was difficult to eat here.
Been to Tir na Nog a half dozen times, and it's a pretty staple pub setting, I'd say.  Generally good service, and expectable prices.  Magners on tap is a nice Irish plus.

I'd say it's selling points are that it's good for large groups and has decent food. It's not somewhere I stop for just chilling at the bar over a pint or two, but it's worth going to if you're meeting friends out.   Lots of bar-space AND table-settings.
I and three of my co workers had lunch on Friday May 31st 2013.  We frequent this restaurant because we work at One Penn Center.   During our recent lunch we had a visitor.   A three inch red cockroach walked across our table.  One of the people in our party killed it and left it on the window sill behind us.   I asked the waitress if I could please see the manager.  She told me she would send over the owner.  We waited ten minutes and no one came to our table.  So we paid the check and left.  On the way out we told the hostess who apologized.  I was always of the belief if you are unhappy at a restaurant complain while you are there.  I tried to no avail. Sorry to say we will never return.
Price was high, but I was very tipsy after only two chocolate covered cherry drinks and they were good. Crab and artichoke dip was very good.
This place is a joke if you want service.  Fine for drinks. That is it.  Service was absolutely terrible. Food was mediocre. Go somewhere else
Quintessential Irish bar that's been a staple of Philly for a while now.  They'll rock you for about $7 for a pint of Guinness but there's open space there and I would guess they broadcast soccer games.  Didn't try the food.
Great food. A chill and reasonably gastro pub in an otherwise expensive neighborhood. 

We had an issue with one of our drinks and complained to the waitress. In return, the manager removed one of our meals from the bill and let the our party of four order desserts on the house. The staff was very attentive and apologetic.
Tir Na Nog is a great place to watch Rugby and Soccer. They are sure to have a game on any time of day. 

They have a curry sauce for their french fries (and a curry chicken sandwich) which is delicious! I LOVE curry fries! Almost as good as the curry fries at the Blue Comet in Glenside. 

Happy hour is always crowded with the after work crowd, and this place is a blast on St. Patrick's Day with live entertainment. I've always had a good time at Tir Na Nog. 

Their staff is incredible too. After missing my train home on Valentine's day, I stopped in for a beer. The bartender, feeling sorry for me no doubt, gave me a free drink and some nice conversation while I waited for the next train. Major bonus points, Tir Na Nog, major bonus points!
Right across the street from Love Park, this spot offers a pretty decent happy hour. Half price apps which include nachos, quesadillas, wings, and cheesesteak eggrolls. 

The drinks were not weak which was great. Our server was very attentive and had a great, laid back personality. Would definitely go back!
Good for football/soccer.
Nice food and really good bar - magners on tap and guinness.
Great food. Great beer selection.  Great service. Roaches running all over the bathroom floor gross!!!!!!
Every Wednesday the Ace Holes look forward to the best waiter, Colin! Look for him friends.
Tir Na Nog is just as the Yelp 3* descriptor states: A-OK. I generally only come here during the English Premier League season for to catch the early games. They open up for breakfast and have tons of soccer feeds, with games as early as 7:00am (yes, it's perfectly socially acceptable to get a Top O' the Mornin' Guinness at 7am--but ONLY during English Premier League season!). They also show rugby matches, and my friends are usually quite excited about this, though I don't really follow it. Just mentioning in case you're into rugby too. But I definitely think that the Nog deserves some praise for being open for opening up for soccer. This is the main reason I'm going with 3*.

Soccer aside, there's not too much special going on here. The Guinness is tasty and they pour it well, so that is good. I've had breakfast here a couple of times, and it was OK. This week, for the start of the season, they had an egg, cheese, and rasher (like Canadian bacon) on a kaiser roll for $5. Fair price for the sandwich. Last time I was here, I got the Irish Oatmeal (steel-cut oat groats), which was decent. I'd say 3* for the food and beer, as it's really nothing too special. 

The service at the bar is pretty hit or miss. Sometimes the bartenders are friendly and in a good mood. Once I had a bartender who seemed displeased whenever I ordered anything that wasn't beer or food (when I asked for a glass of water or coffee). I'd put service here right at 2.5-3* as well.   

Tir Na Nog has generally been my go-to soccer bar, but I may venture out and try some new places and report back. In the meantime, if you come here for soccer, you'll probably have a good time. Not sure about other times.
This was my first outdoor Happy Hour of 2016. I was so excited to try the place I walk by every day. We were just looking for some light bites and couple of drinks. We tried the Bavarian pretzels and a couple of beers. The service was quick and our server was kind enough to suggest her favorite beers and entrees. I really like how they space the tables outside. Often outdoor seating in CC is so cramped. I understand wanting to make the most out of the space but it really ruins the conversation with your own party. We will be back for more happy hours since it's so near the Drexel CC campus!
I hate doing this but my lunch totally missed the mark... asked for the soup and half turkey sandwich with NO MAYO emphasizing I am allergic.  The waiter said "I understand".... so, the half sandwich was delivered by the runner slathered with mayo... OK, I can forget that I suppose....  I then chase down another server and after a blank stare, around 10 minutes later, my soup and half sandwich came back again.  The half sandwich came out well this time (though significantly smaller in size....) and then I looked for my spoon to try the small portion of soup that accompanied the plate and realized there was no spoon.  Yet again we search for a waiter (at this point my dining companion is half done her salad...) and they looked at me with a blank stare when I asked for a spoon (like I why I needed it... I have SOUP). After all this time, the soup was cold.

Even with all these issues I was more distressed that there was no check-back on the our table to find out how everything was.  Then, the bus boy came over when my cold soup was only half-finished and asked to remove the plate... but before I could answer, he picked it up (trying to "turn those table" and rush out the door perhaps?)... this ruined our experience and we just wanted to leave.   

I hated paying this check and wished I had time to speak to management personally but that was not possible as we were on a business lunch.  We left a 20% tip which I also regret.  I do not recommend this restaurant.  There is no excuse for poor service and food quality.  I am not only disappointed, I feel robbed and ripped off and should have asked for a refund my experience was ruined.

Going out to lunch should also include a dining experience where the servers are trained to:  1) listen to the order (i.e., no mayo, hold the tomato, etc.) and write it down if they cannot remember; 2) "mise" a table for things like soup where a spoon is necessary; 3) check back at least once to see how everything is... I could go on but these are points of service I expect at a minimum.  Also, when an order is wrong, the entire plate needs to be changed.  It was obvious my soup was just sitting on the "line" waiting for a "remake" of the sandwich to correct the mistake... Delivering cold soup (and a smaller half sandwich) is unappetizing and just wrong.  I would have told management had anyone been visible or cared.  Honestly, please treat customers with respect... some of us actually worked in the business at one point and know better!  I don't want anything "free" - just a correct order delivered promptly (10 minutes for a turkey sandwich and the same cold soup?) and some sort of acknowledgement that the table is being maintained properly -- again, minimal points of service that should be standard for a low level restaurant like this...

NOTE:  The 2 stars are for the salad my friend had -- she ate about half of it so I'm assuming it was edible.
First, let me say that this is a review of the restaurant, not the bar. There seems to be a real difference in experience between the two, and it's clear the staff at Tir Na Nog understands that too, asking "two for drinks or dinner?" when we arrived.  We chose dinner, but realized almost immediately the error of our ways.  The folks at the bar - raucous and animated - seemed to be having a much better time than ourselves, due probably to the reasonably priced beer helping them wash down mediocre appetizers. The dinner menu, however, has few options under $16, with entrees maxing out at almost $30 for a steak.  The service overall was fine, however, the food itself was lackluster and bland. Tir Na Nog needs to add more reasonably priced "pub food" to its menu, or it needs to separate its dining area more fully from the bar. No one wants to overpay for bland food while listening to drunken sports fans curse and yell. Perhaps that's why we were one of two other couples actually dining...
The bartender at this bar insulted us with "fat comments" not once but enough times that we had to leave. He should be fired.
Very rude staff, I was kicked out for being a veteran and a supporter of the president, minding my own business with a group of people who were also kicked out. They need to hire new management and separate business from politics cuz the two dont mix. Not that I would go back, they need to hire better cooks as well, food was undercooked and bland. Bad!
It's really a standard pub with a lot of seats and space. We were there on a Thursday night. No major sports were on so it was not crowded. We perhaps have chosen the wrong place to grab food. I had the Quesadilla. It was almost completely fried, super crispy, and very salty. Definitely not the way I wanted. My friend had the shepherds pie. It was actually pretty good from what she said. The waitress is very attentive and nice. Not sure it will be the same if there were more people.

With all said, I probably won't go back there again.
I decided to come here with some friends for brunch the weekend before since I saw $1 Mimosas advertised and the food seemed to be good from what I heard. It wasn't crowded and we were seated at a table across from the bar within minutes of entering the building. 

The atmosphere and the decor of the place half expects you to see Harry Potter drinking butter beer in the corner with his homies. It's a good thing atleast in my book. 

Everybody's food was A-plus including my nachos....but, the service was horrendous regardless of who was helping us. Our original waiter got stumped at a simple request like he was high out his mind on something and just seemed a little on the eccentric side. Forgot our refills a couple times. We had a second server who randomly checked on us here and there, but, I just felt like the service was slow including waiting for our check regardless of who was helping. 

I'll likely come back, but, perhaps just for drinks unless I'm really hungry or there's different waiters during the afternoon.
Don't sit at the bar on Sunday nights. Service is the worst and the bartender doesn't know how to pour a Guiness. Went on Valentines day and won't be back. Also they use frozen fish for fish and chips. This place would close on it's first day in Boston.
If you get the normal pub fare its good. Other than that I wouldn't stray far from the menu on that part.  Beer is cold and the normal selection of Microbrews as well as the standard pub beers like Smithwicks. Business types are the regulars here and that's all I've seen but I've really only been here with other business types so I'm not complaining. 

Good for a meeting with people out of town in Center City after work to unwind. Just gets a little crowded when they have events.
Absolutely horrible. Bangers and mash was mash potatoes with hot dogs! Avoid at all cost!
Sometime you gotta call a spade a spade, tir na nog is a big, cookie cutter "irish" bar, with "irish" beer, and "irish" food.  If you're looking for a post work beer, this place is as good as any other.  They have a ton of space which is nice, but its proximity to so many businesses makes it just about always very crowded.  Prices are alright, $4 20oz harps seem good enough to me.  The food is, well, okay.  If you're already there for happy hour or something and just dont feel like moving, id say its worthy enough to order something.  I'd never recommend this to someone who really just wants food though.  

Its one of those places that can be fun to set up shop and a corner of the place and it call it your own.  So, if you are lucky enough to find your corner, it can be fun to spend a few hours drinking and noshing.  If you're irish and wanna go somewhere irish, or take someone irish, somewhere irish, don't come here.  Most of the people here can barely tell their banger from their mash!
There are much better choices than this restaurant. Fish and chips should be a signature dish in an Irish Pub themed restaurant, here they were poorly executed. A cold beer was the only bright spot.
Nice pub with very surprising food.  Really enjoyed their sliders with siracha ketchup.  Their lamb shank special was extermely good with the meat falling off the bone and perfectly seasoned.  Well worth the visit!
Tir Na Nog has great sliders, fries, drink selection, scene, but right now at 7:38 pm on 12/14/2011, the solo female bartender in the back SUCKS!
I went after the Phillies game, and before the firework and concert on the Expressway for the Fourth of July. Probably not the wisest choice, as it was crowded so service was a little slow, but friendly. The interior was true to bar's Irish name, although ironically I enjoyed my mojito more so than the beer I had earlier. 
Didn't try the food, it wasn't what I was in the mood for at the time.
Came here for a large group brunch/lunch. I ordered the huevos rancheros, and was disappointed. The chorizo had little flavor, and the egg was overcooked. My family ordered the potato waffle and the reuben, and both were happy with their choices. Our waiter was not as attentive as I would have preferred. I know we were a large group, but we had to ask twice for kid's menus and beers. If you go here, stay away from the huevos rancheros, but you might have better luck with other options.
Eh...had a friend that worked in the JFK building a while ago and would Happy Hour here occasionally.  Maybe I just shouldn't have gone between the hours of four and seven because every, single, time the bartenders were cross eyed with confusion of me wanting something outside of lager, ML, or Guinness (there IS life outside of those three beers!) and I didn't realize there were "servers" because I never saw one to take a drink order.  I discovered one when she got all pissy that I went to the bar and didn't order from her.  Did she really think she was getting a tip??  Someone said generic and I co-sign on that absolutely.  Since I never ate there I can't completely pan it, but for pints?  Noooo thanks.
Love Tir Na Nog!

Great food, drinks and service!
I got nothing against the place... The service is a tad on the slow side. However the soups and sandwiches are very, very yummy...
I was here last night with a large group. My friend's chicken was extremely undercooked and practically raw inside. It had to be sent back. Food was otherwise very average bar food, nothing special. The mixed drinks are very over priced for the amount of liquor they put in. I couldn't even tell what liquor was in my diet coke because it was so weak. The bartender couldn't tell us what the $2 special shot was. And to top it off, we were overcharged. There were more drinks on our bill than we even ordered.
Very accommodating to our 3 toddlers.  We had a room in the back for just the 10 of us.  Everyone from the hostess to the food runner to our server were polite, friendly and knowledgeable about the restaurant.  When our one year old was losing interest , our server joined us in signing "Baby Shark".  Great food and Amazing staff!
Meh. It's the closest place near my office to meet a friend for a drink after work, and it has $3 wine during happy hour, so that's something. But I'm not that excited by the fact that it is loud & crowded, and their food is fairly over-priced, for what it is.
Sat at the bar. The bartender was very attentive and friendly despite being busy. I ordered the turkey burger, Dogfish Punkin Ale (really great Fall beer and for pumpkin lovers and basic white girls such as myself), and took the bread pudding to go. 

The timer burger was actually really great. Tender and flavorful.  The herb mayo was wonderful. The fries it can with were crispy and hot. 

Only thing I can complain about was I did ask for my bread pudding to go and the ice cream was put in the same container as the warm bread pudding. Luckily I was staying just a couple of blocks over but had planned to eat it later in the evening. The menu didn't say it came with ice cream - and don't get me wrong, I'm so glad it did because ice cream makes everything better, but it wasn't a good logistical choice.  The food came out promptly. 

Really fun Irish bar, good music, good happy hour spot. Will be back.
If you are looking for a generic pub scene with mediocre EVERYTHING, check it out.  

I kind of felt like I was in a ghost town.  Sad face.

Maybe it's a good spot for soccer enthusiasts.
Food is horrible, crowd is just as bad.  Isn't anyone over the "Irish Pub"?  So many good bars in this city, don't waste your time
I really enjoy this bar.  It is always loud and crazy and a good time.  Cheap beer.  NO real specials though.  The bartenders are nice and the bouncers are too bad.  It does get very crowded in there but, its do-able.
Decent pint and a good irish whisky selection. Good place to have a pint before taking the train home to the 'burbs.
Was unsure before going in whether I'd like it. A lot of beers. My wife and I's burgers were tremendous. They gave me a cheesecake for my birthday. Highly recommend
Katie was absolutely amazing. So accommodating and very personable!! She made my whole experience that much more enjoyable. I really enjoyed my meal here -- the Pub Burger is delicious (as are the fries) and the staff is wonderful. No complaints!
