I had a wonderful dining experience here on a late Thursday night. I was impressed with the food, the service and the upbeat, but cozy, atmosphere. 

My dining partner and I started our dinner off with tuna tataki. The seared tuna was amazing. It was so fresh and literally melted in my mouth. I was also a big fan of the salad it came with. It had cashews in it which provided the perfect crunch. 

I was famished from the very start so I decided to go all in and ordered one of the roll combos. The one I ordered came with a soup, salad and three rolls: spicy California, spicy tuna, and spicy salmon. Was this a little aggressive? Definitely. Any regrets? Not at all. My meal was delicious! The salad came with a hefty amount of ginger dressing which I loved. The soup was underwhelming but the rolls I dove into next totally made up for it. All three of the rolls were good and once again, the fish was very fresh (fresh seems to be the keyword here, am I right?). I also thought everything was well rolled together. 

Service was prompt and there was little to no wait between dishes. This was much appreciated given how hungry we were! Our waiter was quiet but nice and attentive. He kept our water glasses full and took away empty plates/dishes without having to be asked. That's one thing I'm always quick to notice because it really bothers me to have empty, dirty plates lingering at the table. 

I noticed a lot of loud chatter and laugher amongst the dining crowd which made the restaurant feel very comfortable and casual. It also makes me think they have some regulars. The music was playing at an appropriate sound level the entire time we were there. I really enjoyed the cheerful environment!

If you're looking for a fun but relaxing place outsider of the city to enjoy a sushi lunch or dinner, this is a great option. I'd be happy to return and try more of their rolls next time I'm in the area!
We had some food delivered and had to say it was quite good for delivered sushi etc

We order rolls , noodles and dumplings

The only thing - the rolls are on the large side . I usually smaller rolls which make it easier to eat. But taste - it was good 

I had the crispy spicy tuna roll
This update is long overdue, so here goes.

To-Kia borrows heavily from what seems to be the contemporary highbrow Japanese restaurants motif that other local gems follow. Much like Morimoto's or POD, To-Kia fancies a serene aesthetic and avant-garde cuisine that stops just short from scaring off the locals. Not an easy angle to play, if you ask this Yelper.
Yet, I must admit, the place comes of sharp, sleek, minimalist and though I hate to use this term "zen-like." And perhaps most importantly this place does all this without Steven Starr's bucks to throw around. Just view the shots I snapped while scampering about the place. 

The place is also stocked with polite little Asian woman working front of house, whose ages I can scantly guess. Each of which are quicker at their jobs and more mannerly then the prior. While back of house seems to be run by menfolk, cutting sushi and sushimi at the sushi bar and manning the grill in back. (Don't forget to tip them too.)

As for the food, its presentation and freshness is striking. With rotating specials such as live scallop, Hamachi - Kama , and, I believe, even Blue Fin Tuna this place is second to none. 
While there sampled:
Extra Spicy Sashimi Salad tuna, a mixture of salmon, yellow-tail,seaweed, spices and masago, Seared Strip Bass with foie gras sushi w/ Fuji Apple as well as large variety plate of Sushimi.
All of which ranked high on my delic-o-meter and each marine morsel was so tender I wept secretly just a bit. 
My dining companions also let me taste their turf dishes. 
I was less impressed on this end of the menu, I felt both the Beef Bulgogi and Katsu were middle of the road on the whole primarily because  the meat was a bit tough though flavorful. The yakitori, however, was pretty good.

I have hope that the air-sucking end of the menu will improve since the restaurant seems to have purchased an neighboring lot to create a hibachi. But I am even satisfied with things as is.
Always a good time... Good food, good show and good service!

This is my go to Hibachi place.  It never disappoints. On this particular visit with my girls we were accompanied with my mom and my sister who had never been to a Hibachi.  We assured them they would enjoy themselves, and that they did.  

We went rather early and the 5 of us were seated right away. Parties of 5 or more can order from the Haibchi party menu for a reduce rate.  The more people the less per entree.  This include soup, salad, combination of meat or a single selection, fried rice, vegetables, two shrimp, and a drink.  We opted for this option.  I ordered the Steak (medium) and Salmon.  

Let the show begin.  Our chef was extremely animated. He sang, did tricks, and gave me lots of Saki.. My kind of guy. He even had baby saki in a little bottle for the kids

He cooked our meal to perfection. Regardless of what i order it's good, down to the rice.. their fried rice is so good, I love it! My steak was done medium, very tender, the kids done Medium-well and my mom's well done, he gave her a piece prior to taking it all off to make sure she was satisfied with it.  The Salmon and Shrimp were fresh and delicious.  Of course no one could finish their meals it's always an abundance of food regardless of how hungry you are.  So we wrapped it up.

This was the first visit that I tried their dessert.  My mom and I split the fried banana... cause how could I pass up tempura banana.. it came with ice cream, my mom made the selection for the green tea.  My sister and daughter split fried vanilla ice cream, and my other daughter had a regular scoop of ice cream.  When the desserts came out, the presentation was more than I expected even the ice cream scoop was a sight to see.  It was delicious also.  All in all a great visit.

Oh and the bathroom is nice, single stall and always clean.
Also it is a BYOB, a cork fee applies. They also sell great drinks, I love the Blue Hawaii! 

The reason I couldn't give a 5 star rating, while it did not happen on this visit it has happened in the past, double check your bill.. while drinks are included sometimes it appears on your bill.  All in all a great visit, mom and sister loved the experience!
. I live in South Philly, but work in the Northeast and let me tell you this place has the Best Sushi in the whole city. They just recently opened a huge hibachi section as well. Haven't tried it but I'm sure it rules. If you live in the Northeast and you like Japanese food this will quickly become your favorite place to eat. And if you live anywhere else and you don't mind driving, this is a surprising gem in the most unlikely of spots.
Food was fantastic! Go with a group and save some cash. $100.60 for 5 entrees, 4 fountain sodas, 2 beers, soup, salad, and ice cream. Are you kidding me? Whoever said this place was very expensive must be very poor. If To-Kai was sitting out in the suburbs, I'd easily expect to pay double what we paid last night.  

I don't do sushi, so I can't speak to that, but the Hibachi-style grill was amazing!  When he spun the eggs around with the spatula, I could not believe my eyes.  I recommend the steak and shrimp, but my friends all said the salmon was fantastic, as well.

Also, the next table had a birthday celebration.  Let me just say that they go above and beyond a few waitresses mumbling "happy, happy birthday from all of us to you."

Looks like nothing special from the outside (it's in a strip mall/ shopping plaza) but inside it was very nice.  Highly recommend - I will return soon!
I am far from a sushi expert, but even I know there is better out there... even in NE Philly!  Oh and their prices certainly won't draw you in.  

Yes, they have hibachi.  Unfortunately, they don't exactly put on much of a show.  What can I say, I was either spoiled by some great hibachi chefs or just have high minimum standards.  Other than offering chilean sea bass, there isn't much I can hype up about their hibachi.

On the bright side, service was above average.  I was here for a congratulations party for a co-worker getting promoted.  We probably had 12 people and they gave us a hibachi table (two grills) to ourselves.  They offered suggestions, helped us pass around our apps, and allowed us to eat sushi in the hibachi section.  They were attentive without being annoying.  If their food matched the service, we'd be talking a 4 or 5-star review.
I have been getting take-out regularly from To-Kai for the past few years.  This is my second review as I want to let everyone know about my past experiences with them in the past few years.

-PROS:
Food: The food at To-Kai is outstanding. It's always fresh and I have never had a bad experience. Here are some of my favorite items that I recommend to try:

a)      Tuna pizza - Delicious. It's avacado, tuna, and crab on top of a crispy tortilla and it just melts in your mouth, it is so good! So many different textures, i always get this.
b)      Agedashi Tofu - Very delicately fried tofu in a sweet soy dipping sauce. It is really good and doesn't taste greasy or anything.
c)     Dumpling Soup - very soft dumplings in a delicious broth, i wish they put more dumplings in it, thats how much i love this soup!
d)     Kani Salad - Delicious, it's crab, masago, cucumber and japanese mayo. It's also a little spicy as well. Very different than you're typical kani salads that ive tried before at other places.
e)     Bigeye Tuna - Very fresh and delicious. I always get the higher quality tuna when they have it available as it's more fatty and it taste really good. But it's also more expensive.
f)    KO-BE Beef - Delicious, however i don't think it's real kobe beef from japan, thats why they spell it KO-BE. However it is very thin sliced high quality beef that's in a delicious garlic sauce. I love it.
g)    Filet mignon in Thai Basil sauce - One of the best entrees on the menu. The beef is super high quality and they always cook it perfectly. It is a filet mignon in a thai basil sauce. It is really good and the sauce really brings out the dish.
h)   Crunchy roll - One of the best rolls to try on the menu  - Shrimp tempura, cucumber and masago w masago and tempura flakes on top. It's very good and has a great texture.

Ambiance:  The place has great ambiance and decor.  I very rarely eat here in person but if I did i wouldn't mind staying here a while as the place has a very modern and chic decor.

Service: Can't comment on it since I only get take-out.

CONS:
-Prices are a big high compared to other sushi places in NE Philly. However I think the freshness and variety of the food makes up for the prices.  Plus they offer a rewards program, you need to get your menu stamped each time you pay and if you spend $200 you get a free $20 gift certificate. Sure I wish that were higher, but it adds up!

-When ordering take-out on a Friday or Sat. night between the hours of 6-8pm it gets extremely busy and picking up my order could take up to 45 mins. I would also not advise eating here during those hours as the place is packed and there are a lot of people waiting for a seat.
I almost forgot the best part! The art on the dishes is amazing as you'll see in some of the pics but hubs had "Love you long time" written on the top of his plate. We totally cracked up. Super nice restaurant in a crappy strip mall and they aren't stuck up. Great humor! 

2nd sit down dine-in experience, so I'm still not great at documenting every time we eat out or i would have already updated this review top include the dining in vs takeout. 

This place is top notch from start to finish. They bring you warm, packaged (new) towels for you to clean your hands with before ordering.

The restaurant is beautiful. The wait staff is efficient. Our order was taken and drinks immediately delivered followed quickly by our appetizers, the garlic tuna which we highly recommend if you like garlic. 

Our entrées arrived soon after we finished our appetizers as if it's a finely tuned machine. However we never felt rushed! 

They had 6 sushi chefs working behind the counter. They were turning out meals very quickly, takeout bags were prepared and brought up front at a regular pace, and that didn't even include any hibachi orders. 

Do yourself a favor and skip the hibachi and sushi buffet in the same complex and treat yourself to what we think is one of the best sushi restaurants in the Northeast if not the one, their sushi is always so fresh and now we understand why.
The absolute best sushi place in Philadelphia! 
Have tried most of the spots in the Philadelphia and suburb area and To Kai no doubt beats all of those places!  
I have been coming here for years now and the staff and the food hasn't disappointed once! 
They truly have the friendliest staff and most importantly the most delicious and freshest sushi! 
The head chef, Jay, even came to my house to cater a party and prepare all the sushi and sashimi right in front of my guest! 
This is truly a top notch place! 
A must go if you haven't been!
Beautiful atmosphere, great staff and I believe it's the best Sushi in town!! Everytime I go the food is always fresh :-)
i am Not sure what these people are talking about.  We just been there for my daughter's birthday, and beside us, there's only 2 other party there, and they all done already when we sit down.  the service is slow, and the price is fair, but the hibachi chef is not good at all.  he kind of burn the egg, and make the fried rice taste bitter and salty.  we have 6 people, so we order chicken, shrimp, lobster, Chilean sea bass, steak, and fillet magnon.  The only thing that come out good is the steak and fillet.  The lobster has no tasty, and undercook, and fish has no tasty, and chicken is little overcook.  the shrimp is okay.  As for show, h
This place has a great presentation with the food. Sushi menu is a bit different than many other sushi places: for dinner I didn't see many of your basic rolls but instead there is a large selection of designer rolls and sashimi rolls. The sashimi rolls are nice because there is a lot of fish and they are very filling but they also fall apart easily since it's mostly fish without the rice or seaweed. I had the scallop appetizer (the one with vinegar not advocado) and it was delicious- loved the sauce! I also had the I phone 4 s which was crab with scallop on top and I really enjoyed it. Although I liked my sashimi roll, I think I like regular spicy tuna or salmon rolls better. I tried the roll with banana and it was good and very sweet- almost tasted like dessert. The restaurant tries to be trendy and servers are nice from what I've seen. They serve alcohol or you can byob for a $2 per bottle cork fee. This is a solid place for NE sushi.
I love to-kai.  Like seriously love. I know its northeast Philly and its in a strip mall. Not even a good one. But love is love. I adore their sashimi rolls. They have no rice so they are a bit messy but they are so great. I was just here for a visit and got the Russian Sashimi Roll (Tuna wrapped spicy tuna, salmon & cucumber with tuna, salmon, eel on top) and the Russian Dream roll (Tuna, salmon, cucumber, & spicy sauce with tuna, salmon, and eel on top). Both rolls are 100% raw, no deep frying, no torching, just delicious fish. Perfection.

Note: this place has a full bar but is also a BYOB- I rather enjoy having the option to bring or order.   There is a $5.00 corking fee though so keep that in mind.

I don't think I've ever had a bad roll here. Would love if they opened a location in center city....preferably in my living room.
They have the best spicy kani salad I have ever eaten, I wish i had their recipe!  The prices are a little expensive compared to other restaurants but it's justified because the quality of the food is fresh, and everything i eat is delicious.

My favorites are: kani salad, the crunchy roll. I also love the shrimp tempura dinner.
Good sushi, poor customer service.  Ordered a delivery order that totaled more than $70 - it took over an hour and a half to get here, and when I called the restaurant for an update, I kept getting voicemail.  I can handle an order being late, but no call or response to my calls is bad business.  Won't order from here again.
I have been coming here for years and its one of the top 3 sushi places in the northeast area. First of all the fish is very fresh and its good quality.  The menu is split into 2 parts; regular and special.... You can have regular sushi for a very fair price.... For lunch they have a special : 3 rolls, soup and salad for $11.99 which is a great deal.  The other part of the menu is very high end... Very good special rolls but premium priced.  My favorite is the special spicy tuna roll mostly because it has fish, sea weed, and no rice.   The menu is filled with pictures and all kinds of great selections.  They also have a hibachi and a back room for large parties.  They have a bar and allow BYOB for a cork fee.  Great service too!  I will keep coming back.
I am very disappointed in the changes since they opened back up after the coronavirus. I used to order from here 1-2/month for lunch and dinner. I tried to order today online but I couldn't find any of the lunch specials on the menu. The prices were between $10-$12. So I called and they informed me that they no longer offer ANY lunch specials. In addition they used to offer free delivery for orders over $25. Now they charge a $4 delivery fee in addition to the $25 which is high.
Most restaurants in the area have been taking the necessary precautions against COVID-19 including To-Kai. My family and I have dined at To-Kai dozens of times and have always had incredible experiences. Saturday night we still wanted to get our Saturday night sushi fix so I decided to call To-Kai to see if they were open. They informed me that they are only doing delivery or take out at this time and I placed a large order to go. Our food was ready within 20 minutes and as we arrived to pick up our order we could not help but notice the extra steps this restaurant was taking to keep everyone safe. The woman at the front was wearing gloves, tables were lined up to block entry into the restaurant, hand sanitizer was present, and signs were posted. We couldn't have felt more comfortable with our decision to take out from here. Upon arriving home we were in awe of the presentation of our to go order. It was so beautifully decorated! Made us feel as though we were at the restaurant. Everything tasted delicious and so fresh and we could not stop eating. We will be ordering more take out as the weeks go on and will continue our frequent visits post COVID-19. Support your local restaurants so gems like this in Philadelphia remain open!
Was better in the past. Service is spotty and prices have risen while quality has declined. I've found a better place.
My family and I went to their hibachi dinner tonight. We got steak, shrimp, salmon and chicken and everything was excellent. The cook put on an awesome show. The whole family really enjoyed the entertainment provided by the cook while preparing our food and had a lot of fun. 

I would recommend this place to everyone!! Great food and great service!!
Impressed with To-Kai.

First impressed with the service. These people are nice--from the hostess to the waiters. They genuinely seem to want to help you and they can make solid recommendations based on what you like.

Second impressed with the ambiance. You walk in and immediately forget your in a strip mall. The decor is pretty immersive and the space is large enough that you feel in a different world--and you're still supporting a local establishment.

Third impressed with the sake choices. Timothy was right that this place has great sakes.

The iPhone 4S roll--yes a terrible name--is a winner.
I enjoyed the food so much, I came here twice in one week. I hadn't stepped foot here in nearly 10 years. 

Parking is okay. It can be harder to find a spot on weekends. Both times I went, I did not have to wait for a table though. Once you're seated, you are given a hot towel to clean your hands. It's cute on the inside. It has a downtown vibe but is located in the Grant Ave shopping plaza. 

Reasonably priced food. For the appetizer, I got edamame, which was a large portion. Big enough to share with 2 others. Only $4.50. I ordered the vegetable gyoza the second time around and that was $5. Both were fresh and delicious!

Service was good and the waitresses were friendly. They came to the table often to refill the water in my glass. 
I ordered a 5 piece crispy spicy tuna sashimi roll, $11. 
It literally melts in your mouth. You can also get this roll with salmon if you prefer. 

Although it isn't 50% off sushi, it's worth the price. I will be sure to stop in here again soon. It's so close to home and I never think to come here.
Note: the webpage linked is a PDF of their menu. They have no website.

Full review with pictures will come later this evening.
For the time being I would like to note that they have mind-numbingly amazing sushi. Blowing the socks of any place in northeast Philadelphia and rivaling Sagami if not beating it.
Furthermore, their lunch specials are cheap! 9 to 10 bucks cheap!
Note to hiring manager:  It would be a good idea to hire a person that answers the phone who knows what your most popular sushi rolls and other dishes are. She should also never say that she has no idea about sushi because she doesn't like sushi. Not exactly good for sales and business.
One of the best Sushi joints in NE Philly. When they first opened years ago, my experiences there were a bit spotty. However, countless lunches and dinners over the past three years have been consistently good.
This place is nice and clean, and their fish is as fresh as it gets for the area. I absolutely love their fancy rolls. It's a little pricey compared to others, but the atmosphere is nice, the wait staff is great, the food presentation is flawless, and the cocktails from the bar are great. I'll be back for sure, probably on a monthly basis. :)
I have traveled all over and been to a sushi place in every place I've been to since its one of my favorite food. This place hands down is my favorite sushi place.
Lovely staff that is always welcoming,
Amazing hibachi and so much fun if you are with a group of people, but the main reason I live this place is their tasty well prepared fresh to order sushi.
I love their Philadelphia roll and California roll but every other roll taste good as well.
One of the must tries is their Special hejiki Salad which I order with all fish on top, flavors mix together so well that you cant have enough of it.
If you are looking for a good appetizer I love their bbq grilled squid, its a whole squid grilled and sliced which taste just amazing. 
They also have a full bar menu and also a BYOB
When its time to have something sweet nothing beats their fried ice cream.
over sauced, over spiced, inconsistent quality. This pretty much sums it up. Our office orders from here often, easy delivery, but quality of the food is not consistent. Tried a few times dining inside and was also underwhelmed.
I'm a 7 year customer, and this place is one of the best sushi places in Philadelphia.
Long story short - fast service, friendly staff, tasty sushi, good price for quality.
Ordered my sushi though Yelp. It was an easy and fast process. I arrived early and had to wait a few minutes, grabbed my food and left. No issues!!! The sushi was fresh!! I lived it!! I will order again!!!
TO-Kai is convenient to people who live close by making mediocre at best Chinese food. Their sushi is a waste of life. It's a joke. Try somewhere else for that. The delivery I got 2 weeks ago was late, soggy and disgusting. I don't like when people deliver chinese food in a styrofoam container. It makes everything sweat and turn soggy. This place is lame.
Horrible experience!!! I went to this 
 place cause my brothers girlfriend is Japanese and she was visiting philly for the first time and we want to take her to dinner as soon as she landed cause she was starving. We decide to take her to this rest cause i heard was good and also is not far from home. but what a disappointment. The place close at 11:00 he arrive a little bit late at 10:06 to be exact, the service was horrible. I mean if you want to go home all ready why they just said is close and don't take any custumers because if they are going to be rushuing,the cook in the table all rushing the food slapy so just don't take customer. It was a lady that was standing next to us all the time looking at us with out moving and making us unconfortable to the point that we did not enjoy the food at all. Plus they was c;leaning next to us and you could see the dust particles flaying to our plates. The waiter never ask us if we want refill for our drinks or  desert of is anything all right like you expect in a good restaurant. We where a group of 6 my brother his girlfriend,my parents,my grandmother and i. Hiroko my brothers girlfriend told them that they were rude i mean we spend almost 300.00 dollars that night and for that horrible service is not acceptable. They need to treat the costumer better. Is not all about the money. Is much more that comes with it.
Best sushi and hibachi in the area. I live local so since they opened I've treated myself to lunch and dinners here. Great sake options, delicious fresh sushi everyday and fun, fresh, creative dishes. The hibachi is great for families with children or date night. It's entertaining and always fun!
Worth every cent, definitely a must try!
Wow this place never ceases to amaze me, I've never had a bad meal and I've been going here for years.  Tonight I tried their lobster roll with salmon and avocado on top and it was fresh and delicious! Had a side of hibachi noodles and steak too also outrageously delicious, will be thinking about lunch tomorrow for my left overs
Definitely expensive for the area but the food is consistent and the delivery is fast. They are on grubhub which makes ordering from a desk super easy. Sushi is fresh, I have never had any questionable items here. My favorite is the hibachi Lunch special which is like a Bento Box.
My family of 6 have come here twice on a Saturday for the Hibachi. First time we went we were seated right away, second time we had a 20 minute wait because there was a large surprise party! No big deal, we waited and were seated after 25 minutes. Each time we went their chefs were lively, funny, skillful and just overall great! The food was awesome, whether it was salmon, shrimp, steak or chicken, it was all cooked to perfection! We also have leftovers,  which is great. I love being able to have some for dinner. Just thinking about it makes me want to go tomorrow!
The sushi is very good... but it's really hard to find bad sushi. I sat in the hibachi part of the place. Loud noises! it was someone's birthday so there were strobe lights and dance music blasting.... anyway, the food is good, if you dont feel like going somewhere too nice for sushi.
I dont think i ever tried anything from here that i did not love! the sushi is amazing and so is their Hibachi !! My favorite rolls are Philadelphia roll, Lobster Dynamite, Sweet Potatoe Tempura, NY roll, Boston roll, Spicy tuna and California roll. I will be trying more varities in the future too. Most meals come with a salad and miso soup wich is by far my favorite soup! The atmosphere is nice and romantic, its BYOB as well so you cant beat that. Price wise it is more than some sushi resturants in the area but not by far. I think its worth every penny for fresh, good quality food especially sushi when some is raw. I cannot wait to go back !!
Definitely a gem in the Northeast Philly eating scene! I love their presentation and have always had really great service here. Will definitely come back! Try their pineapple fried rice! Love their rolls too!
Overpriced and underfished.

The place still has the feel of chinese restaurant.
I gave this place another shot because the sushi is pretty good and they have a bar which is a plus. However, this is the second time I had hair in my food and they refuse to take responsibility for it. Both waitresses came back to make excuses rather than take responsibility of serving food with hair. The management did not approach us at all and said they would take the item off the check, though they normally wouldn't do that because I ate most of it!! I was beyond furious with the service because of course I would not eat any if that was the first piece I ate. This establishment needs better hygiene and better service.
We love this place it was perfect and entertaining the food was very good too. We will definitely be back and tell our family and friends about it.
It's my favorite Sushi restaurant, hands down!

I go there at least once a week, and have become familiar with the service staff and chefs.  

Their delectable fresh sushi rolls and sashimi are exceptionally prepared dishes that show a high degree of finesse and attention to detail.  I have also enjoyed their beef and seafood dishes.  The friendly service and restaurant ambiance make this place a perfect spot for lunch or dinner.  

A good sign of a great Sushi place is the crowd that is willing to wait for a table.  Usually, there are people at the entrance waiting for a table during the evenings I've eaten there. If the Sushi isn't really good and the service really poor, a place like this wouldn't have survived as it has.  It looks to me that they're not going out of business anytime soon! 

As a return customer, I can say there hasn't been a day I've left disappointed at the service or food.  This is my kind of place.

I recommend it!
This place needs to be avoided..my friend and I went there Friday night for dinner to check out the place... Upon arriving we were seated in a dark dingy booth near the front entrance with old food under the booth not picked up ... The menus the servers gave us were greasy and unorganized... We were not happy as the place did not look clean...
Even with all that as I read the good reviews we were going to try the food out... the whole time we were seated there was a SCREAMING infant in the isle next to ours... I asked the server what are the parents going to do to try to quiet their child.. He laughed and did not answer.. 5 minutes later after the non stop screaming I again asked the server is this the way we are going to eat out meals?? Why is there no one able to stop the baby from crying?? the server then said that they were almost done their food so maybe they will leave soon...
at this point my friendt and I left and went to one of the other Japanese restaurants on Street Road in Bensalem.. this was a longer drive for us , but well worth the piece of mind .. This other place (shogun) was not the best food I ever ate, but the place was clean and not as noisy even with at least 50 more diners eating dinner near us...(no screaming infants)
I will not return to To-Kai , as there are many other better restaurants  to spend my time and money...
I have always been enjoying hibachi at this place with large groups of friends. Today was my first time "seat at the table with a menu" dinner and it was an excellent one. The presentation, the food quality, very friendly staff. I highly recommend Sashimi Deluxe, Tokai Sashimi Salad, Roasted duck (and probably everything else on the menu). My mom for not being a big fan of spicy foods loved Curry Seafood combo. Will certainly be going back to To Kai.
Ive going to go ahead and be "that" person, but I am not a fan. my rolls were mushy and fell apart and my sushi rice was dry. Maybe it was just a bad day, but I will not be back. And it is verrrrrry expensive!
I had dinner at Tokai for the first time this past Friday night.  What a great experience! I had the small seafood soup to start and it was so good.  A flavorful, savory broth with mussels, scallops, shrimp, tofu and crab slivers. So delicious! My friend and I had two cocktails each.  They have an extensive cocktail menu, beers, and several different kinds of sake.  Their menu is interesting because they include photos of the dishes.  My friend has a sea bass and steak platter that she said was delicious. Sea bass, steak, vegetables, shrimp and rice. It was only $24, but the portion was huge.  She ended up taking half of it home with her. I had lobster tempura sushi which was so fresh and tasty.  Our waiter was pleasant, patient and friendly. I enjoyed Tokai so much, that I had my boyfriend take me for lunch the very next day! Will definitely be back.
I came here for hibachi and got fried ice cream for dessert. The staff are friendly and the food was pretty decent. The other members of my party thought it was a bit too salty, but that can be adjusted by telling the chef.  The fried ice cream was also very nicely decorated
Food decent. Not as much of family feel as was before. Have spent thousands over the years. Even had event there. When used pre-pay order online for 55.00 order today, hostess told me I owed $1.00 for extra masago. Miss the old crew.
Considering that it's located in a strip mall in NE Philly, To-Kai exceeded my expectations. 
Specialty rolls are kind of expensive but for $15, you can get a sushi combo with 3 simple rolls, miso soup + salad. 

Service was great and pours were large!
Amazing sushi here. Definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for a great place to eat
The food is good but I think they need to get with the pricing. There are a ton of other sushi places that have better customer service and is half the price. The quality is better, which is why I'm giving 3 stars but I think that they aren't doing enough for their long time customers.
Generous portions for a hibachi place. Yummy food! Great filet & shrimp. Good sushi. Large wine servings. Fun atmosphere especially for a group! Impressed for a little Hibachi place in a strip mall... I would recommend this place if you're looking for a dinner night out in the Northeast.
Wonderful food. They put on a great show. Birthdays are special there, and they take a picture of you and your group and hang it on the wall! Highly recommend.
Must go for lunch special- bento box with an assortment of things like sushi, and dumplings for only 9 dollars. The other menu prices are a bit high- and they don't have specials which isn't too great like their competitors.
The sushi here is awesome!!! I suggest trying the California  sushi box and the Avocado blossom!!!
I was genuinely surprised and not surprised with my experiences at To-Kai. The oyster shooters were by far the best shooters that I've had in a long time (surprised). There raw oyster was balanced with the right amount of alcohol. I was warned ahead of time that sushi rolls were not that impressive, but I ordered a special roll anyways. Let's just say I was not impressed (not surprised). A heavy reliance on sauces, and the seaweed used to wrap the roll was not crispy. When ordering sushi here, one should request for fresh wasabi (surprised). This isn't readily available everywhere, and it adds a different kind of heat to the sushi. 

In all honesty, if you're going to To-Kai you should just order everything from its Appetizers section and just disregard everything else, but even the Appetizer section can leave you wanting more. The tuna pizza was thoroughly enjoyed at my table, but personally, there was once again a heavy reliance on sauce for this app. The kani salad was really good - refreshing with a nice kick. The avocado blossom was the highlight for me. It packed some nice flavors while maintaining some textural components (everything was just mush). The baked mussels were so-so. The quality of the mussels played a big part on why I didn't like them. The mussels were just so small and then you add a bunch of stuff on top and bake it; the results are over-cooked, shriveled mussels with too much toppings.
Sushi is the best,  rolls are packed tight and really nicely displayed.  Baked mussel is my all time favorite.  This place never disappoints.  Waiters are friendly and food comes out in a timely manner.  Have taken a lot of people here and they all enjoyed it.
Can't improve on the sashimi bustleton & Russian rolls..10 piece and a real feast-just get ready for a $50'lunch . Why pay $20 to park in town?
I never noticed this spot, thank God for yelp lol. They are very clean, bring you warm napkins to clean your hands before meal. I did not eat on the hibachi side, I had sushi and it was very good! No complaints.
I decided to give this place a try despite the mixed reviews. I'm so glad I did! Who knew that good food actually exists in NE Philly?! We tried 3 rolls, the kani salad, and the chicken udon. Everything we had was delicious. The sushi was really fresh and the udon was super flavorful. The modern decor and dim lighting was also a nice surprise. The staff was friendly and attentive. I am definitely coming back!
When it first opened, I was here on several occasions and enjoyed it, so much so that I told my friends to go this place. The last time I went with my friend, I found a hair in my sushi roll and I told my waitress. We were seated in the booth where we can see the kitchen door directly straight from our seats. She looked at me and said there was no hair (without looking at the roll); I told her to look at it and she did and gave me an attitude, and took the roll to the kitchen - which would not have been odd, if it weren't  for the fact that she came right back out with the same plate a minute later and came to our table. ONLY THING DIFFERENT ABOUT THIS PLATE WAS THAT THE HAIR WAS TAKEN OFF. I was astonished!! I told her that I would not eat it and that I would like to speak to the manager. The manager came and told me that I was wrong and that it was my hair and that they should not have to make it again. They did, but they DID NOT TAKE IT OFF THE BILL.
Sake Sake Sake Sake

Two things in life that were made to go together are sake and sushi. This place has both. I have been to this place twice and i am a huge fan of the place. On both occasions i had the same waiter and as soon as i walked in the door which was about a month apart from the last time i was there, she recognized me right away and i got a nice seat right at the bar. Withing a minute of sitting down she already had the same bottle of sake i had last time ready for me. 

The atmosphere from the outside reminds me of a fast food Chinese restaurant but when you walk in it is completely different. Dim lighting and very nice oriental decor really make the place feel comfortable. Within the place they have a sushi bar and a hibachi grill if your in the mood for some fun. 

On to the sushi. It is fantastic. Really well seasoned rice and very fresh fish bring a smile to my face with each bite. You know its good sushi when you don't even have to use the soy sauce to season your roll. 

I have no yet tasted anything on their regular menu but from talking to a couple regulars as i was eating my sushi i was told that it is the best Japanese cuisine in the northeast. Good food in northeast Philadelphia is hard to come by so i am hoping i stumbled upon a jem. So all i can really recommend is the sushi but it is something i highly recommend.
I love this resturant !... Usually do delivery 2-3x a week from here and I always order their whole fried red snapper which comes with sushi rice , meso soup, salad and a chili sauce that's delicious. They are a bit pricey. Oh yeah I also order from them the golden fried soft shell crab, chocolate cake with ice cream and mucho ice cream.  I'm so happy that they deliver and I would recommend them to others.
An hour later, still waiting for my grubhub ordered  $30 meal to be delivered 10 blocks away. They make some great stuff here, presented very well, but over priced. When you see the portion of sea bass you'll get it.
their lunch specials are great.  3 rolls for $11.  the bento box is great too.  the look the decor and seating are top notch.  i am happy to have such a place in the northeast and not overpriced center city.
Sushi is really good and always fresh. They use some weird oil for hibachi rice though. It tastes unpleasant like lard or some animal fat.
I ordered delivery from here 3 times when I wanted sushi, all 3 times the delivery guy instead of knocking or ringing the doorbell just...opened my front door, which scared me to death, another time I waited over 2 hours for my food...and old sushi is not good sushi. Maybe its better to sit and eat at, I only used their delivery service and likely won't be doing so again. But generally speaking they are fine.
I love this place, friendly staff, the food is good, service was quick whenever I was here and the cooks are pretty funny....can be a bit pricy though.
The setting is great, has a modern feel to it. The food is pretty good some of it is a bit spicy. The reason I'm giving it such a low rating is because the waiters there are extremely rude, don't clean, and demand you tip them more after already leaving a 20% tip.
Food good steak and chicken well cooked. Hibachi chef put on a great show.when they say to try to catch saki as they squeeze it out of a bottle it is real saki.
By far the best place in the northeast and not over price, great show, best hibachi I've even been to. The atmosphere is amazing and everyone is so welcoming. I alway try to go here any chance I get.
Not good for delivery. Food was cold and soggy. I ordered the salmon bento and stir fry soft shell crab. Horrible. Threw most of it away. Now looking for something else for dinner.
Family and I came here to try To-Kai because it was part of the UPromise Dining rewards Program.  Although pricey, we were hapy to find a new place to make it a regular in our list of restaurants.  The food for the family is below:
 
Japanese Mojito: 5 Stars.  Refreshing and not too stiff!  I probably could have had many of these, but stuck with one.

3 piece Dumpling Soup: 2 Stars.  Bland, dumplings I could find anywhere, did not finish.

Mango Soft Shell Crab Salad:  5 Stars.  The best food of the night.  The description is Mango, Crab Meat, Seaweed Salad, Lettuce, Avocado Salad and Masago on the Bottom, Whole Soft Shell Crab on Top.  This could have been a meal by itself.  Extremely tasty and just the right amount of sizzling crab on top with an amazing sauce.

Duck Rolls: 4 Stars.  Wonderful with no grease taste - Deep Fried Roasted Duck and Taro Finished with Sweet Soy and Honey Wasabi Sauce.  I expected duck meat pieces, but it was more of a hamburger meat texture.  Still, very tasty!

I Phone 4S Roll: 3 Stars.  Felt like it was warmer-than-room temperature which was a bit off putting.  Also, I had so much food that I probably did not enjoy it as much as I should have.  Crunchy Spicy Crab with Seared Sea Scallop on top.  

Teriyaki Bento Box Salmon:  3 Stars.  Comes with Salad, Soup, Rice, California Roll, Shrimp Tempura, Shumai, Fruit.  Wife said there was too much tempura in the box with the vegetables, and did not finish it.  However, the salmon was very tasty, and she did not like the California Roll.  Fruit was 1/2 an orange.  The tempura shrimp was really nice, though.

Overall, it came to $96 for 2 adults and 1 kid including tip, so for lunch this was expensive!  There are a lot of choices, so I'll be back to try others.  They have a hibachi on the one side which I'd like to try, too.  To-Kai also has 6 party tray specials from $34 to $80 for catering!

Service for our empty restaurant was ok.  Too long to take our orders; just right to get the food and drinks.
Another great meal at Tokai.  Chef David made some amazing creations. 
Loved everything.
Went last night with a group of 10. Service was excellent, food was great, and the hibachi chef was great! Highly recommend this place to everyone!
Fantastic place. Been here probably 50 times and never had bad service or food.  Can not recommend this place enough! As long as you don't mind the Russian patrons loudly speaking in Russian. I usually get the Hibachi Emperor dinner (filet/shrimp), always top notch! (A bit of advice, order the meal without garlic, they like to go heavy on the garlic on the fried rice) Great drinks here too!
We visited To Kai twice.  The first time we were blown away.  The second time it was merely alright.  I think consistency is a sign of a great restaurant.  These guys still have to work on it, but there's a promise.  The rolls are innovative, but their names are annoying (BMW roll, Lexus roll).  I kept wanting to ask where's the Audi and Mercedes rolls.  I would give them another chance.
My family has been to To-Kai many times. It is family friendly and the food is excellent. The ambiance is not great and the place could be a little cleaner and definitely needs an update but if you are going for the food you will not be disappointed.
Stopped by there with friends for yet another great meal. Have been coming here for years and the foods just getting better and better.
The angry dragon roll is to die for and the tokai salad is one of my favorite dish here.
Would definitely recommend it to everyone, it's my favorite Shushi restaurant!!
I ve been around the world and had sushi almost everywhere, this place my favorite of them all very authentic Japanese. their entire menu is just awesome and tasty, their hibachi is good as well. well deserved 5 star rating
This is a sushi restaurant folks. This is THE sushi restaurant. I have never had a dining experience quite like this. The sushi is absolutely mouthwatering and flavorful, the lobster dynamite roll is simply a must have and nothing short of incredible. The staff is also very nice, and the food is well worth the wait when it's busy. They also deliver! This is hands down the best quality sushi you will ever have the pleasure of eating. You will not be disappointed.
The best sushi in North East of Philadelphia. Sushimi Deluxe or sushimi rolls are the best choice there. The restaurant is quite a bit of expensive. I like to eat there but no more than once a week.
This Sushi and Hibachi restaurant was recommended by the Hotel. Turned out to be fantastic. High end sushi, great selection, all of the "off the menu" choices you would expect to have at a good sushi place. They have 4 different types of Wasabi, and their soup is amazing. Definitely will return.
Dunno what the lower reviews are about, we just had a great dinner there on 050811, a very busy saturday night. May have been a situational (one-time) fluke - - but excellent fish and service are not easily flukes - they are usually products of consistently excellent management. Note the good and excellent reviews also on urbanspoon, philadelphia.menupages.com. So Kudos to the owners and staff team. 

We had quick service, all food really excellent, and we are a sashimi/sushi queen & king from WDC area with plenty of sushi had in NYC, San Fran and San Diego during our travels. The quality of the fish we had was very fresh and excellent. We all had sushi or sashimi. Generous sashimi cuts on the deluxe platter. Bento boxes were greatly enjoyed and a good deal. We tried some fancy chef specialties (yellowtail, etc.) and assorted sashimi & sushi - all excellent quality.  Appetizers and rolls are innovative, and they have the usual fish and entrees as well... Good presentation. They even have shiso leaves, hurray (great with ika and some other things)! Next time if it's in season, I'll try their uni, the acid test!

Only complaint is minor: Salad's sauce ginger flavor was too mild, but that may be to appeal to mainstream people. Avocado salad could have used more avocado (which was right ripeness) and less iceberg lettuce - how about putting it over cucumber and radish sprouts? Anyway, everything else was wonderful.

There was a very happy party in the hibachi room (and note - the glass doors between that party room and the rest of the restaurant can be closed to reduce noise to conversational levels). Looked like so much fun we hadn't had in a long time (old fogies!) that we said we'd try the hibachi room next time, even though normally we are sushi die-hards and picky about it... 

By the way, there was a green wasabi pickle condiment (not talking the wasabi paste here!) to die for if you love wasabi flavor - hot but very good flavor - appears to be horseradish shoots, or at least that what it looks like. Some kind of wasabi-zuke? Flavor and heat seemed to make it sure it was not a wasabi-(flavored) pickled other vegetable, though it may have been. Anyway  SURE wish I had the recipe. Couldn't stop eating it (carefully) and took its leftovers home which was great (with, I admit it, a hot dog and saurkraut! no fish at home at present, so I experimented).  

Normally we don't care about decor, we are foodies and focus on the food. However it's worthy to mention the environment here: The modern decor in the main room is really neat, would look good on HGTV show - sculptural-wavy white, lit accent wall, shiny bead curtains in moderation, a bottle rack lit with colors behind, etc. - but NOT overdone - it's tasteful. Pleasant visually while still very japanese restaurant - it's kinda hip. Real japan, korea etc. are cosmopolitan as well as traditional - so this place was refreshing compared to staid same old canned japanese-style restaurant decor - thanks to the owners for the decor. 

Drink menu and sakes look intriguing and good, but we weren't there to try them that night. 

Parking lot was no problem, unlike in the city itself. 

Good english by staff. Great birthday candle (the little gizmo was subject of amusing engineering conversation afterwards).  Service was very responsive; didn't overdo or underdo, just right, there to catch our signals or handle cleanup or refills as needed. 
Prices are moderate and reasonable - dinner entres 12-20 bucks per.  If you ate sushi/sashimi a la carte and a lot of it, it could be expensive, but so would any other fine quality sushi place.
Ordered delivery. Paid over $50. Miso/house soup is disgusting and watery. Ginger salad uses cheap lettuce and dressing taste nothing like ginger. the slices of sashimi in my sashimi deluxe were MINISCULE - definetly not worth $25, the tuna was disgusting and fishy smelling - my cat wouldn't even eat it. The salmon was good and all other fish was OK, octopus was ok too. To-Kai roll is only 5 pieces for $10. Overall this place is a rip off. I have worked at a sushi restaurant for over 6 years and this was an embarassing meal. I guess they only care about dine-in and big spenders. Cheap and lazy preparation...
I live about 20 miles away from this place and try to make it here once a week! Best sushi! Great quality for a good price! Staff is friendly
I have dine here many times.  Around this area, there are only 2 sushi restaurants that i would go and come back to; this place and Mt Fuji in southampton.  I usually get the boat so there isn't much to say there beside the sashimi are fresh and services are great.

I tries to stay away from delivered sushi, but when there's the sushi craving and you're too lazy to go; you'll the chance.  I took that chance and liked it :)  The sushi came as if i ordered when i am in the restaurant. All of the delivered sushi i ordered before from other places are not even close to what they serve you in the restaurant.  Sashimi is thinner. Rolls have a lot more rice. gives you left over fish...Sometimes even missing pieces... 

good delivered sushi earned this place a 4stars on my book :)
This place continues to improve. I've been here a bunch of times and it can be somewhat hit or miss. 

On the positive side, this restaurant fills the much needed void in the area of a nice restaurant food-wise, and is also nice decor-wise, and not too expensive either.

When I first started visiting Philly, I was surprised at how many mediocre sushi places there are here, this being one of them. As time has progressed, my experiences here have been getting better and better. The tuna pizza is very good, as are most of the sushi and rolls. There's nothing here that's super special or unique, but the items that I have had here have been very good. 

It's BYOB which is really nice, but not too uncommon or special in this area as lots of other places are also BYOB. One of the nice things that is unique is that this place is BYOB and they also have a full bar. Usually it's just one or the other. The service is perfectly adequate, and the atmosphere is nice. There's a big parking lot so there's plenty of free parking, which is also, not uncommon for this area. There's a Rita's in the same strip mall, so it's nice to grab a water ice after eating here.
We took a girlfriend here for a birthday dinner last Saturday and were VERY pleased with the experience.  My review would really be somewhere between a 4 and 5 stars my only complaints being that my salad was overdressed and the soup was nothing more than a clear broth with a few mushrooms dropped in for color.  But the hibachi experience was SO much fun.  Our chef was excellent and my steak was cooked perfectly.  Overall service was excellent and they gave the birthday girl a very nice surprise and a picture as a keepsake.  We dined early and there was no wait but by the time we left, there was a real crowd waiting to be seated.  I live 5 minutes from a different hibachi spot but I'll be returning to this one the next time we plan a group dinner.
One of my favorite Japanese restaurants! The food is absolutely delicious and the service is always good. 
I ordered their catering services for a birthday party one year and I cannot even count how many people asked me where the food was from. Just amazing.
Place was GREAT! Food was best hibachi we had since being in Philly. Had Steak and Shrimp.. Ginger sauce was great. Soup was good. Mai Tai's great and strong... They checked on us and were attentive. Will be back!
Came here for my Granddaughter's birthday and it was just perfect . The sushi as far as freshness and variety was among the best I've ever had
and they could not have been nicer in accommodating our needs . We brought our own birthday cake but our waitress made sure we had the correct knives and serving pieces and they even topped the case with a very special Lotus Candle that was just amazing . It was a special and memorable night in every way .. Highly recommend !
A pretty good sushi place in the area. I mainly went here because it was one of the few restaurants in the area that was open pretty late. The place is big, spacious, and clean. So it's definitely a good spot to dine with groups. The staff are friendly and greeted me right away when I entered. 

I ordered the To Kai roll and edamame. I didn't have to wait long for my order. The rolls were big and filling and the edamame came in a big bowl, so it was more than enough. Overall, a nice sushi place.
This place is great. Don't believe the bad reviews. I go here at least 3 times a month.
I dunno, I skipped on the sushi and went straight to the hibachi portion of the restaurant. The servers were nice [this says a lot, I've come to expect utter shit when it comes to service at Asian restaurants], but the wait was LONG. I was going to catch a  flick around the corner after dinner, and I remember looking at my watch constantly as the time drew near. On the verge of leaving after waiting 15-20 minutes, our hibachi cook finally arrived.

And he made up for it in spades. The guy was super energetic and really having fun, and his whip skills with the spatula and knife was the best I'd ever seen up to this point. With a dozen or so hibachi places under my belt, it's a decent sample size to draw from in this comparison. Every bit of cucumber he threw at us was on point and right into our mouths, not a single on missed. Laugh at the exhibition, I enjoyed it thoroughly.

We got the steak, shrimp, chicken, and filet, and save for the shrimp being a bit stringy and odd, the rest of the food was amazing. Ordered medium rare and it came beautifully seasoned and delicious, and the filet and chicken were on point as well. I'll appoint the rice as equally delicious in its place and worked perfectly in conjunction with the primary meal.

What was most awesome about the whole meal? He squeezed a good 80% of the saki directly down my throat from his little bottle, about half of which came before getting any food. Yeah, it's a goddamn spectacle when they throw food at you and pour saki down your gizzard, but it's a great time and I was buzzing hard before even getting my meal.
I love To-Kai it's one of my favorite sushi places, I like the fact that's its also BYOB, but there's also a few to use their glasses and a bottle fee. My favorite sushi is their signature roll the lobster dynamite and the 10 pc New York sashimi roll is to die for! The sushi combo rolls are very good, but your a limited to what you can change as far as the roll if you want to substitute it for something else. The combo is good because it comes with miso soup and the house salad; the ginger dressing is beyond amazing. If you are ever looking for an amazing appetizer the tuna titaki is by the the most delicious.I would definitely suggest their hibachi the atmosphere is amazing and the food is right there with it. I went to the hibachi for the first time and it was an amazing experience, I came here with my cousin and our girlfriends, there were tons of laughs. The cook was so good and funny he made I laugh and enjoy the experience; there was no way we couldn't tip him, he was great! I gave them 5 stars because I believe their prices are somewhat more expensive then most places, but the quality and quantity makes up for prices, it's definitely top notch and the provide the best quality service and care with their food and their customers.
Everything is excellent. The Kobe appetizer is phenomenal, the kani salad is excellent, and the service goes beyond the extra mile.
Ordered delivery. Chicken shrimp & filet hibachi. Asked for filet to be cooked well done. They sent it red & pink inside. 2nd time this happened. Thought the 1st time was just an honest mistake but no, they do not care. They asked me how I wanted it cooked but did not listen. This meal is quite expensive for them to not cook it the way you tell them. I called them to let them know it was undercooked and they told me to hold on and then hung up on me. I am done with them. They don't like to admit or take responsibility for their faults. The customer is NEVER right with them.
