Philly's sushi game has been growing strong over the years, not least with the arrival of Tomo Sushi & Ramen in Old City last summer. This place is perfectly located because I was able to stop by one of my very favorite pastry shops next door for dessert!

I'm glad I stopped by early (at around 5pm) because diners were filling up the seats very quickly. I got a seat at the sushi bar and ordered the sashimi deluxe. It came with a miso soup and 7 different kinds of sashimi. Everything was fresh, beautiful, and delicious. 

I still have yet to try the ramen, but this place got a solid 5-stars from me for the sashimi!
Hmmmm....meh

We were really excited about this place but overall just not really satisfied. 

This place is located in the heart of Chinatown and they have both indoor and outdoor seating available. 

We had ordered on their online platform and then did a pick up to bring the food home. 

We chose the their lime sinko and veggie on fire rolls and also ordered their vegetarian shoyu ramen. 

When picking up, everything was packaged well and they provided updates along the way as the order moved to completion. 

Overall, I just found the rolls to be pretty bland and also the not packed well enough. The additional frustration was the single use chopsticks they provided were warped so having to maneuver a loosely packed roll with uneven chop sticks was cumbersome. 

The ramen also was not tasty. I was expecting more flavor but just tasted like broth without any spice or savory notes. 

Maybe we picked the wrong items, maybe we ordered on an off night, but just found the whole experience unexciting.
Came in for vegan restaurant week and was blown away with Tomo.

It was a little crowded when we got there and some people were turned away so I highly recommend getting a reservation.

We were seated at a small table but this place is super cute. Good for a date or a night with friends. Tbh, I'd even take my parents here. It's BYOB so make sure to bring something if you want to drink.

My favorites were the veggie buns, veggie on fire roll, and the straw veggie roll. As a vegetarian I'm used to basic avocado cucumber rolls so Tomo really impressed me with their creative options. I'd recommend eating veggie on fire and following it with straw veggie - they compliment each other so well. Also, each roll is 8 rolls so the portions are generous.

I'd highly recommend Tomo to anyone and I definitely want to come back.
Loveeeee it! Came here for outdoor dining and was not disappointed. Sushi & apps were great. Sashimi was high quality and we appreciated the variety. The combinations in the rolls worked well together, the wasabi tobiko was a creative mix. Pork buns were delicious - especially the sauce. If only they were bigger. Overall a great meal, definitely a little pricey in comparison to other spots but the quality is here. Would love to try the ramen next time!
First impression my friends and I all shared was that the decor is very cute and stylish. The lighting, wood tables with live edges, shelving with succulents. It's a very nice atmosphere, plus its BYOB.

I tried a bunch of the vegetarian/vegan options: a shitake roll, veggie on fire, a lime cucumber roll. I cannot remember the exact fillings of each one but I enjoyed all of them except the shitake one. The lime cucumber was surprisingly more tasty than its description. We also had the veggie gyoza which was great.

Service was very good. The only thing I deduct a star for is that it's not super filling, after spending ~$40 a person (w/ tip and tax) we all got hungry soon afterwards.
I only had Tomo delivery before and I didn't feel like I could honestly review it until I had the grub fresh. And I am glad that I waited, because I have to say I wouldn't have been being fair. 

We had to go run some errands and noticed they were open for some outdoor socially distanced seating with heaters - so we decided to go for it. And I am so glad that we did. It was delicious. The staff was amazing. And we felt safe. 

We had 5 rolls between us and some edamame. Each of the rolls were delish. Prices were more than fair for how tasty everything was. The hubby loved the Tomo roll, and I especially loved the naruto sashimi. It was all great, though. Seriously. 

Go, enjoy some delicious apps and sushi (we didn't do ramen yet), and tip well. I would be devastated if the neighborhood lost Tomo. We will definitely add this to our take out list, too.
Ramen and sushi are my favorite food groups, Which is why Tomo has been on the top of my list for a while.  I was super excited that they had both veggie Sushi and veggie Ramen. We started with vegetarian Bao buns and a veggie miso Ramen with spicy sauce on the side, it was delicious and full of flavor. The miso ramen was some of the best vegetarian ramen that I've had. We then ordered a veggie on fire roll and a vegan tuna roll. We also had a salmon roll just to try out what their normal Sushi taste like. The veggie on fire roll was my absolute favorite and I will crave it forever. Thw vegan tuna blew my mind because it was so close to the real thing.   the salmon roll is good but the veggie rolls were definitely the stars of the meal. So far all my vegetarian friends put this on the top of your list. And for everyone else  This place is delicious so you should Come here regardless. 
Pro tip: make a reservation as this place is small
I am so grateful Philly has become home to Tomo.
I find myself craving Tomo quite frequently specifically their uni and fresh wasabi.
BYOB and one the nicest staff.
Very great sushi and ramen restaurant. Appetizers, Sushi, and Ramen are all great quality and flavor. They have a very generous amount of Vegan options, none of which prevent a full, bold, flavorful experience. The staff is experienced and very friendly. 

100% for Vegan Option. 
100% for Environment. 
100% for Staff Accordance.
100% Left A Happy Customer.
Really cute place and amazing speciality sushi rolls. Stopped by for lunch and tried Tomo, Shrimp on Fire, Brian, and Salmon Yaki. Loved the flavors and very fresh. Ended with Mango mochi which was good too. Great service. Nice Ambiance. Decent price. BYOB.
We picked this place because of the outdoor seating. The combination of the nice breezy weather, cute neighborhood and the food made it a perfect date night. The outdoor seating is right outside the restaurant, on the tiny sidewalk, but it was extremely cute, about 6 tables, all properly distanced. 

The server was super attentive even though he was running in and out of the restaurant. I feel bad for servers at this time, hope you're all tipping well! The menu is online, all you have to do is scan the QR code. I appreciate this because the less I touch, the better. 

I ordered the tonkatsu ramen and the salmon roll, while my friend ordered the udon. The food came out in 5 minutes. I loved the wooden boards they use to plate their food, it makes something so simple that much more elegant. Although the soup base for my ramen isn't the usual strong flavor that I'm used to, I still enjoyed it. There was a generous amount of noodles and veggies, with an egg and three pieces of pork. The salmon was surprisingly fresh as well! The restaurant also does take out, and it seems like you can order via online delivering services. Support your small businesses!
I ordered takeout from Tomo the other night. I'm surprised I never came across it before. I had the veggie ramen, the spicy tuna roll, and tuna avocado roll. Everything was delicious and the tuna was nice and fresh. Highly recommend and will be ordering again!
I just went here for vegan restaurant week, and I have to say, I am so impressed. I've been hearing about this place and I should have gone sooner!

First off, this is my favorite kind of place--they are an omni restaurant that serves "regular" sushi and ramen, but they also have an extensive vegan menu--in fact I think they have a vegan version of 70% of their menu. However, the vegan offerings are so good that I saw plenty of omnivores getting them--including my companion, who came here for tonkotsu ramen, and needed up ordering the vegan bao buns and chao roll as a side.

Second off, their vegan rolls are seriously a step above. I love regular vegetable rolls--vegetables are delicious! But it was really great to be able to get deluxe rolls of the kind I usually never get the chance to try, and innovative and unusual ones at that. Using marinated eggplant as an alternative/substitute to eel is genius. The texture and slight sweetness work so well as a counterpart to the same flavor profile. (I don't think that's part of their regular menu--seems to be a current specialty item--but it should be).

I don't know what they use for their spicy vegan "tuna," but it tastes surprisingly like fish, without being too fishy (since I don't want to actually eat fish). I guess I would say it had similar notes, while still being its own thing.

My companion's ramen was silky smooth. The bao buns were fluffy and savory and pleasantly filling.

But the thing that really put my opinion of Tomo over the top was their attention to detail. Their restaurant presentation is gorgeous (and the rolls are like works of art), but that's true for many nice sushi restaurants. However, I asked to take some of my meal home in a to-go box, and when I got home, I got a really pleasant surprise--they had carefully assembled my food to look like a brand new order instead of leftovers. The remaining rolls were neatly re-arranged, there was a little soy sauce container, and they included a fresh serving of wasabi and pickled ginger. I think there was a little flower, too. Such a nice extra touch.
Delicious!!
Walked in late, on a Saturday night but we were welcomed with as nice smile.
The atmosphere is nice, a bright little restaurant that shows attention to the details. 
Now to the food....
The pork buns are amazing! Not fried, light and super tasty, a great starter! 
The unagi sushi was really really good, same for the Margherita roll.
The best for the end...the ramen is exquisite! Bold flavors but not greasy or heavy, the pork is super tender, the ramen at the perfect consistency and the broth....simply amazing! 
Great to have this little gem in Old City!

PS. BYOB, so don't forget your beverages!
Decent sushi spot with super fresh fish, reasonable prices.

Great clean, sleek and modern interior design with a great sushi bar in the back. Love the Old City location and it was a nice change from all the other sushi places in Center City.

Definitely want to go back and take advantage of their BYO.
Glad I tried it! 
I tried this place, based on their unique menu. I got 3 rolls, Unakyu (Eel Cucumber, 3), Spider (3) and the Margarita Roll (5). The eel in the Unakyu had hard bits of what I assumed to be bone in it and the spider was underwhelming and lacking crab. The Margarita Roll was great (and pretty), and I loved the uniqueness with the lime. I did feel all the rolls were small, making them not worth the price. Lastly, the service was prompt & friendly. The restaurant has good covid precaution in place and the pick up was still very simple, which was appreciated. 
Overall, it's not my favorite sushi place, but I'm glad I tried it.
This is one of my most favorite ramen places in Philly. Really good sushi too. We try to go at least once during our stay when we are in the city. Their ramen is fantastic and even the vegan one. Reservations recommended since the place is fairly small. It is a byo so bring your favorite adult beverage. Forgot? Swing by sassafras market for some beer. If you haven't been, stop by and give it a try.
Went back after the first time, same great atmosphere and outstanding service.
This time we tried the Chirashi and the Hako Roll, both are outstanding.
The Chirashi (gigantic!) is very tasty, the great variety let you try different fish (all delicious) and for sure, you'll not walk out hungry!
The Hako Roll, a house specialty, is incredible.
I'm quite traditional regarding food (been half Japanese, and half Italian, I grew up with incredible flavours surrounding me and I love the clean, traditional flavors) but the pairing of strawberries, unagy, and other incredible fish is so well balance, fresh, sweet, tangy that will blow your mind!!! Kudos to Tomo's chef!!
Simply put, the sushi is outstanding!! We're so happy to find a new old city mainstay. The restaurant is beautifully decorated, the staff are super friendly and accommodating, and the chef owner is an absolute artist. The plates come out looking beautiful and he's always trying new creative takes. Try the tuna guacamole - you won't be disappointed. The special rolls are great and the sashimi is even better. A friend also had the ramen and said it was next level.
Everything was wonderful. We had ramen, sushi and shrimp shumai. My picky 9 year old ate and loved everything, including the sushi rolls. Service was great too. The place is small so have a reservation or prepare to wait. We got there right after they opened so were seated immediately without a reservation. Within 30 minutes the place was pretty full and they were holding tables for reservations. Big win for me in feeding my kid and me!
Sooooo good! I'm a vegetarian and my family is not. It's always hard to find a good sushi place that also has creative vegetarian sushi options. I had the veggie gyoza and the veggie on fire roll. Both were amazing! My family had the chicken udon, tuna tataki and philly roll. All 5 stars! Best ramen they've had hands down.
I didn't know about this restaurant until I passed this restaurant. 
I already liked when I stepped in the restaurant with very fancy and modern interior and quite nice ambiance. 

I order Tonkotu Ramen and my friend order Chirashi Sushi. Both were so delicious. 

I would love to go back to the restaurant if I visit Philly again!
Okay no lie- get to this place ASAP! 

We were in our old neighborhood for a Saturday night out and we were looking into new places to take our friends that were in town from DC and I think we nailed it. We used to live on this block so we're happy to come back to a familiar area but to find a new restaurant was unexpected and great.  we loved the food and raved on and on about the service even though we ended up getting a late night reservation and it was already crowded. Everyone in our party got ramen bowls and all three were FANTASTIC. I got a seared tuna roll which I could have water 4 of they were so amazing. We'll definitely be back and well prepared with a bottle
Of wine for our next visit. Thanks for giving us such a great experience!
This will be a new Old City staple... the pork buns were delicious and the ramen is authentic. Very zen vibe and friendly staff, and BYOB is a HUGE plus! Will be back.
I was having a rough day and came in here in for some comfort food in ramen. Kind service and nice host and waiter (adrian i think???) I'll remember this moment. Pretty sure I was basically sniffling over my ramen bc I was emotional but the warm ramen was perfect and restored me. When i go out to restaurants I think about my feelings and emotions so yes 5 STARS.

Enjoy my photo below!
Tomo is a really nice option for sushi or ramen in Old City.  It has a clean, modern interior in a cozy space with seating geared for singles (at the sushi bar), couples, and small groups of 4 people.  However, larger groups would be hard to accommodate.  When we arrived for a 5:30pm dinner reservation, it was not crowded, but by the time we left at 6:45pm, the place was nearly full on a Thursday evening.  

My wife, two sons (13 yrs., 11 yrs.) and I ordered the chirashi ($28), sashimi deluxe ($35), ramen ($11), and a few a la carte sushi items.  The octopus was infused with lime juice (which was unusual), but the white tuna had a pleasant, smoky flavor that was nice.  Of the various dishes, the chirashi seemed to offer the best value.  If you have a group of 4 or more people, I would strongly recommend making a dinner reservation.
Came here for the all vegan sushi menu and was not disappointed! It's hard to find good vegetarian sushi but Tomo knows exactly how it's done. The menu is next-level imaginative and you won't be able to find rolls like these elsewhere. The Harvest Roll was AMAZING-- who knew sweet potato could taste so good in sushi! Their vegetarian miso ramen was equally flavorful. Our waiter was outstanding and I'm so glad we stumbled upon this hole in the wall restaurant. Ask for some extra spice on the side if you want some chili oil, garlic, and chili paste to go with your meal. Looking forward to trying out more of the vegan sushi menu and highly recommend all of my fellow vegetarians to do the same!
Wanted to grab a little sushi before 8 p.m. curfew in Philly.  Toni's curbside takeout during Covid-19 restrictions was in effect.  I ordered a Tomo roll with spicy tuna, avocado, cilantro, topped with seared tuna and sweet miso sauce.  Maybe best roll I've ever had.  I'm one of those fans of cilantro and it enhanced the roll.  The tuna on top must have been seared with a blow torch and the flavor was exquisite.  The hamachi roll (yellow tail and scallion) was also great.  

Also been here for ramen which they do very well.  If I lived in the city instead of Roxborough, I'd probably go broke ordering from here all the time.
I've been wanting to come here for a few months because of their beautiful veggie rolls!

I decided to order the Midori roll, the Lime Sinko, the Straw-Veggie and the Vegan Spicy Tuna (that I saw originally on Instagram.) 

It was a beautiful display! The straw-veggie was sweet but vinegary from the pickled vegetables. The lime sinko reminded me of a sushi key lime pie. It was filled with a creamy avocado and cucumber, which made the lime sinko topping shine. The midori was creamy from the avocado topping and salty from the pickle vegetable filling. The vegan spicy tuna was out of this world! Initially it tastes like a savory sesame taste and then the juicy tomato kicks in. It has a texture very similar to tuna but is it's only thing. The spicy kicks in at the end. 

For $42 of sushi, we weren't full. So we ordered a bowl of vegan miso ramen to share. It was delicious! We loved the noodles, the sweet tofu, the juicy mushrooms and the amazing umami broth! Would love to have a bowl in the winter. 

Tomo is a culinary experience, definitely a little pricer than expected but worth it. Check them out!
Came here for date night after eyeing it from afar for weeks. It's a small place, so we weren't able to walk-in without a long wait on a weekend night. We made a point to make a reservation and return for date night, and it was definitely worth it! My husband and I are both vegetarian and we were intrigued by the unique vegetarian sushi menu. It was as good as it looked. We started with the veggie gyoza, and then shared the Veggie on Fire, Vegan Tomo, and Chao vegetarian rolls. They were all different in their own way and it was exciting to finally eat vegetarian sushi that wasn't just a simple cucumber roll. For spice lovers, the Veggie on Fire was our favorite and had a great kick. The Chao roll was also delicious and creamy, and featured vegan cheese. As an added bonus, this place is BYOB so we enjoyed some refreshing rosé with our meal. We will definitely be back.
This is a clear no frills, newer sushi/ramen bar in old city that's got Japanese sushi/sashimi and ramen.
The food is a bit pricier but I think reasonable enough for the presentation, we got the sashimi skewers(15), the unagi platter(18), and Katsu ramen($11). 

The ramen was a bit too salty for our liking and lacked enough broth. Also service was all right, it may be a mistake but we realized after the order that they never gave us any seasoning toppings for the ramen that we should be accustomed to but we saw someone else get it so that was a little disappointing. 

However, the sushi was spot on and the fish tasted fresh. It's not some high end sushi spot with omakase or anything but the sushi rice was good, the avocado eel sushi was amazing, presentation was spot on in fact beautiful to say the least. See the photos taken!
I actually found the skewers to be the most interesting part definitely unique and the mixing of taste for authentic Japanese pickles with sashimi and even lime and such on a skewer is not an easy task and we could say it was a tad pricy but well worth it.

A star off for the loud atmosphere, salty and lack of broth ramen with no condiments, and tad higher prices but I would still recommend and come back if I wanted some good sushi!
Vegetarian Ramen and vegetarian gyoza were excellent! Had one of the special rolls-Margaretha [sic]-which was fresh. We are looking forward to returning to try other selections! 

Went on a Sunday night. There were about 6-8 other parties there so not overly crowded but quiet enough to have a conversation. Great decor and ambiance. Server and chefs were professional and friendly.
Excellent sushi. The service was top notch and the vibe was very relaxed. I highly recommend The Brian and The Margarita special rolls but everything was good. We made reservations and I'm glad we did because the every table was filled. Great place. Definitely going back.
If we could give six stars, we would!

Booked a 630 reservation on a Friday evening and this place was certainly a crowd favorite. They are Covid conscious and all the staff are wearing masks still. There's a gender neutral bathroom and screen protectors in between each table. 

You can't go wrong with anything on the menu but we ordered quite a few things! Chef Andy has a way of putting together unique ingredients that all tied together really nicely!! It was nice to have both sushi options and vegan sushi options. And they also have Ramen!

The rolls we ordered were: Chao, lime sinko, tomo, and hako. 

The Hako is famous for that strawberry on top! It's Devine!!!!! And very good for a next level in sushi. I have only really had eel and avocado before so this was a step up from that! Highly recommended for those who aren't super daring with sushi but are open to a spin on a good favorite. This is taking your basic sushi life up a level! 

The Lime Sinko was delicious! That citrus finish of the lime slice on top was soooo yummy! Highly recommended and in a more mild class of sushi. Also great for average sushi-go-ers! 

The mochi for dessert is also really delicious and the green tea ice cream is one of a kind.
As a vegetarian who LOVED sushi before this place was sooooooo goooood. I got the vegetarian green dragon roll and it was the closest thing to a real dragon roll I'd tasted in over two years. So delicious and their vegetarian bao buns were also AMAZING. Would highly recommend to vegetarian and not vegetarian sushi lovers.
Second time coming here, and everything has improved. Which is pretty good because almost everything was great last time. Since my last visit, I've been to a few other ramen shops, and I'm pleased to say this is still my favorite. Service was excellent, food was excellent, price point is excellent. I really don't know what else I would ask for. Bonus: the sushi is very good too, and I wouldn't expect that.

We got the Margarita roll and the Shoyu ramen. Both were very good.
Great local sushi and ramen spot in Old City! 
The employees are fantastic and the decor is really nice (casual chic), everything from the lighting to the tables are handmade and very creative by the owner!
It was a Wednesday night and we were just looking for a neighborhood spot to pop into and wouldn't break the bank.
I thought most places would be dead, one it's a Wednesday and two, COVID-19 was stirring up the country. 
It was busy with maybe one or two tables open, and we got seated At the sushi bar which I actually enjoy. 
We ordered spicy Kani salad, which was actually topped over a green ginger salad. Very good but a bit too much sauce, just a personal preference. The 'sushi sashimi' entree which you can substitute the tuna roll for anything else paying the price difference so we got spider roll. 
And a spicy scallop and an uni hand roll. Ugh, we always order while we're starving..
Everything was so good hand rolls must be eaten right away or the seaweed softens, and the spicy scallop was generous and so delicious. I don't often find spicy scallop in many places let alone a tasty one. It was fresh and definitely spicy 
The sushi and sashimi was so fresh(only $40 for the whole platter), my favorite was probably the yellowtail. It was just the perfect amount of butter texture and sweet yet mild flavor. Spider roll was definitely on point, not too much rice which I really appreciate 
Definitely a must if you're in old city! 
I didn't have any noodle soups or dessert 
And it's byob which is a bonus !
Our server was hella nice but i forget his name, everyone there was nice and friendly which isn't always the case in the food Industry, I know. 
Oh, and their green tea is legit, nice roasted barley,green tea flavor.
Second time coming to this place since going a long time ago when they first opened and it was absolutely delicious, yet again! It's not exactly hard to find vegan sushi, but it is extremely rare to find a place that goes far beyond just your average cucumber and avocado roll. Tomo makes an unbelievable vegan "tuna" that tastes/smells/feels so much like the real thing. Along with that they have a full page of vegan and vegetarian rolls, vegan ramen, and more delicious vegan dishes on their menu. Very pleased with the service, and the food was absolutely delicious! Thank you Tomo!
I'm no expert on ramen, but this place has by far the best ramen I've ever had. Great price point too. Tiny and quaint but a little claustrophobic, but that's kinda normal for most BYOBs. Service was good but there wasn't enough waiters for the amount of tables so it was a bit slow, though very attentive. Will definitely be coming back.
Tomo is a sushi and ramen place that does both nicely, but neither in outstanding fashion. The sushi was fresh, and the selection was decent, though fairly common. Nothing too out of the ordinary, though they did have Japanese Uni for $12 per piece, that was above-average. They have a great selection of rolls, as well, and a few different special combos. I found the rice they use to be far too cold for my taste. 

The Ramen menu features a few different broths, and toppings. The shoyu/pork version I got was well seasoned, and the noodles were just firm enough. Good Ramen, indeed. 

The service was very good, and the decor is modern, with some retro flare. 

Overall, a good location that has both Ramen and Sushi, and a place I'd definitely some back to, but not one I'd necessarily go out of my way for.
Excellent sushi. I'm not vegan but they have a great selection of vegan and vegetarian sushi options. I decided to try the vegan dragon roll and it was so delicious. It was light yet had impactful flavors that was reminiscent to real fish. Eggplant to imitate eel and tomato to imitate tuna. The vegan "tomato tuna" was flavored so well I encourage non vegan eaters to try it ! I'm so impressed with the flavors they brought out in the vegan sushi dishes. In addition I got the Steven roll which had such a delightful smoky taste from the salmon skin. I also ordered the veggie bao bun and the Spanish mackerel nigiri which I would pass on... it was ok would not get it again. The Spanish mackerel was too cooked for me and lacked that distinct mackerel taste I love.  Overall the sushi rolls here needs to be tried by sushi lovers near and wide. Tomo definitely has a special place in my heart and stomach.
My favorite sushi place in Philly. Whats truly stunning is that I don't even come here for their fish, I crave this place for their INCREDIBLE vegetarian sushi. 

They're extremely creative with their various vegan specialty rolls. You can't go wrong with any of them but some of my favorites are the lime sinko, veggie tomo, and vegan dragon rolls. They also have great appetizer buns and fish forward sushi.

Highly recommended.
Vibes: casual, modern, relatively small sushi joint with jazzy instrumental covers of pop songs playing overhead; counter and small table seating good for a date or a few friends

Tasting notes:
Chao: loved the sweet, soft shiitake slices that dominated the flavor of the roll; vegan cream cheese was soft, almost fluffy, not too rich or tangy
Vegan tomo: tomato was more savory than sweet, just right in firmness; loved the subtle torched flavor
Vegetarian miso ramen: nitamago was perfectly cooked; wavy noodle were al dente; broth was umami rich, not too salty or thick in consistency
Red bean ice cream: served as two scoops, on the milkier side, with smaller, more scattered bits of red bean throughout than I am used to; red bean flavor comes through more to the nose than the tongue

Other thoughts:
-Fried garlic, chili oil, shichimi powder, toasted sesame seeds were brought to our table for the ramen
-Service was fairly quick, very friendly and attentive
-Wine glasses were on the table before we were seated
-Very pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food as I am usually pretty skeptical of Japanese restaurants that serve both sushi and ramen
This is probably one of my favorite Japanese restaurant in the city! The sushi is always fresh and the Garlic ramen is amazing! We had the salmon bite, which blew my mind. The tuna tataki sashimi which was smoky, peppery and fresh. The Uni was nice and creamy. The scallops sashimi with the lime slice paired very well. Everything we ordered was delicious and the best part was that it's BYOB! What more can you ask for!!!
Nice and cozy restaurant with a welcoming and knowledgable staff! We ordered the harvest roll and it was the best vegetarian roll I have ever had hands down.

The classic avocado roll was also very good. Overall, great experience would recommend.
Living only a block away, I love coming here when I'm in the mood for a sit-down sushi restaurant that isn't crazy expensive. Out of the other couple Japanese restaurants within a couple blocks of here (Tuna Bar, Kisso), the food at Tomo has been by favorite and it's affordable. It's also a great place to get some good ramen. Plus it's BYOB!

My favorite roll here is the Tomo roll. The fish is always super fresh, and the cilantro on the roll gives an interesting touch. I've also tried the Alaskan, spicy salmon, and spicy scallop rolls. All of these have been fresh and delicious. In terms of appetizers, they have a great miso soup and avocado salad. I've also tried their miso ramen, which comes as a pretty big portion and leaves you full. It's not the best ramen I've ever had, but it's definitely a great option if you don't want to travel to a different part of the city to some of the more well known ramen places.

I love having Tomo so close to my apartment; it's a great addition to the neighborhood!
I eat here every time I'm in Philly. I've been a sushi lover for my whole life, and vegan for about a decade. I've had a lot of incredible vegan dishes around the country and let me tell you-- Tomo is easily in my top 3. I've loved everything I've tried there, but the Midori roll and the Vegan Tomo roll are my favorite. It's awesome to see a sushi place infuse this much creativity and care into their vegan menu items. When i eat here, I get an upscale sushi experience in line with my pre vegan San Diego days, but within my ethical guidelines. I'm sure the fish options are amazing too, and I look forward to trying the ramen next time. In addition to all the culinary goodness, the staff here is genuinely delightful. I always receive excellent service at Tomo!
I am a vegetarian. It's not always easy to find creative sushi for vegetarians. I was very pleasantly surprised with all the flavor combinations. Delicious! I highly recommend their sushi.
I learned about Tomo via Philly Vegan Restaurant Week! This place is so Zen and welcoming. It's a little smaller so I wouldn't recommend this place for a large group. They do offer outdoor seating but that's also very limiting. DEFINITELY make a reservation. 

I've been thinking about that ginger dressing on that green salad for two weeks. I can't wait to go back. The ramen was great but I think I'll opt for a different broth. My boyfriend got his spicy and it had a lot more flavor. 

Overall, I will definitely be back.
Everything was delicious...only thing we didn't like was the sweet tamago....but sashimi tasted very fresh, rolls were delicious. Their garlic ramen was delicious as well. They're BYOB so we had a bottle of wine and sake to go with our meal...nice cozy atmosphere. Perfect place for a small group gathering or date night.
A group of us came here for dinner. I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen and other people ordered sushi and the poke bowl. I think everyone would agree that their dishes that were ordered were good. I have to say, if you are ordering the ramen you should have an appetite.
Tomo has been on my radar for months and months. I finally had the opportunity to dine in. The food was excellent. The Philly Special roll was my favorite. Steven Roll and Harvest Roll a close second. Ramen delicious as well. The service was good but could have been better. We were left without water for a while. But I did appreciate the precautions taken with COVID. We had a nice private experience with our personal table shield.
Went here on a Saturday in February. They are offering both indoor and outdoor seating. We elected to sit outside next to the heat lamps. It was cold, but not to the point where it was uncomfortable. 

They are BYOB which is a plus. If you forget to bring someone (or run out like we did ) there is a beer store only a few shops down. 

The food and the service were all very good. I definitely suggest the pork buns. Admittedly I have had my fair share of pork buns and these definitely come close to the top. I don't know what sauce they put on it but I've never had ones with it before and it's absolutely bomb. For my meal I went with the mayu tonkatsu ramen and added their spicy sauce. I really enjoyed it. My only gripe would be I wish there was more burnt garlic flavor, but otherwise no complaints. Sushi is not really my thing, but the three other people I was with got a whole bunch of things and they were very happy with it. My one friend gets sushi literally everywhere and said this was some of the best he has had. I did try the tuna guacamole. I wasn't sure what to expect but it was fantastic and tuna was so fresh. 

I really enjoyed this place and will be heading back.
Sushi takeout has been my savior through quarantine and I've tried a lot of places. 

This is definitely one of the go to places for a variety of sushi rolls, nigiri, sashimi as well as ramen. Prices are reasonable although passable sushi takeout can never be said to be cheap. 

I got the salmon combo that's comes with two salmon nigiri, salmon roll, and a salmon inari. For rolls i also go the red dragon roll and the shrimp tempura. The shrimp tempura wasn't my favorite, kinda bland and tasteless so I would pass on that one. 

Online order and pickup through the window is super easy. They do have a couple tables for outdoor dining, but I don't think they'll be doing indoor 25% of a small place would be super inefficient. 

Definitely a place for repeat takeout orders for that sushi craving.
Vegan sushi..... they got it down. Now you don't have to be the whimpering person in a room full of meat eaters. Tuna Bar (next block over) is way over priced for what they offer, arrogant, and actually gave me a roll with WHOLE peanuts.... um crush it maybe so I don't chip a tooth. Before converting I tried all of Tomo's rolls and ramen through the years and it is just consistently delicious here. Price is right where it should be and the staff are the kindest people I met so far in a restaurant. That 'I wanna be from brooklyn' attitude doesn't fly when I'm giving you money. Be kind like Tomo and we will keep coming back.
