Great service, great, hygienic delivery and great Sicilian pizza.  You've got to try this place especially their Sicilian pizza! I haven't eaten pizza for at least four  weeks (yes I've been counting the days) but I finally CALLED the order in and less than an hour later a masked and gloved delivery man came to my door with a piping hot Sicilian pizza with little dabs of sauce atop each slice (by special request). The pizza was crisp and the cheese was appropriately stretchy  with stringy ribbons hanging down from each slice. It was tasty and hot, what more could you want?
Top Tomato reached out recently about my previous negative review. After a pleasant exchange, I said I'd give them another shot sometime soon. When I didn't feel like cooking last night, I decided it was time. 

I kept things simple with a traditional pizza and caesar salad. We were quoted about an hour for the delivery which was accurate. I like my pizza hot and even a little crisp so I already had my oven on 375 when the order arrived. It was hard waiting a few extra minutes for the slices to warm up because the pizza looked great as-is. 

The caesar salad was solid; lettuce was fresh, there was lots of parmesan cheese and croutons, and I really liked the dressing. The bread that came with was not great - I took a bite and tossed the rest. However, the pizza was solid and the crust had a nice chew, so I used that for caesar dressing dips. 

Overall, I'm glad I gave Top Tomato another shot. Though they are pricier than one of my go-to traditional pizza spots, I would happily grab a slice or pie while in the area.
Maybe Top Tomato does some menu items right, but my turkey and cheese hoagie was pretty weak yesterday. They didn't have American cheese listed on their menu when we ordered online, so I had to get provolone. No big deal. But the turkey definitely wasn't high quality deli turkey and the tomatoes were a tad mealy. If you're going to have the word "tomato" in your name, at least get some tasty hothouse varieties. 

My sandwich was sliced at a really weird angle and not all the way through, so when I tried to pull the sandwich apart the bread ended up ripping at the wrong place. I realize this is the whiniest of all complaints, and I probably sound like a total brat, but if I'm going to order a sandwich from one place over dozens of others in this city, at least try to sell me on it. 

My friends seemed pretty happy with all of their selections (cheesesteaks, some type of chicken sandwich and an eggplant parm). I'll admit, there was some food envy. But I'm not sure that I'll be giving Top Tomato a second look the next time I want a sammie.
I'm in Philly. I want cheesesteak. 

But with a limited time schedule and a requirement for credit cards accepted we took a crapshoot and went with Top Tomato for our work lunch delivery needs via GrubHub. 

And it was good. Really, friggin' good. My cheesesteak hoagie came with all the fixin's and despite the lack of Paesano's oomph, I scarfed that sucker down more than happily. Delivery was 15 minutes earlier than quoted and lunch for five landed under $50. Ain't nothin' wrong with that, son.
I ordered this expecting nothing more than wet socks served over dough. Meaning, just something to fill my stomach. Much to my surprise, what came delivered to my door is now amongst my favorite pizza in this city. What? Really? Yes! Favorite pizza in this city.

Were it not for the fact that they forgot to add chicken to the "Chicken Garden Salad" I'd have awarded them 5 stars. Nothing really notable about the salad except for the fact that it's not as fattening as the pizza. 

Order this tomato pie and you won't be sorry. Unless you're a sorry kind of person...in which case I can't help you and neither can pizza.
I'm constantly on a diet.  It is so-called the "See-Food" diet. Healthy food and I are not good friends whatsoever! 

At work, when we order pizzas, we always order a ton. Top Tomato serves fresh and tasty ingredients on the traditional and more creative pizzas.

The usual: One Buffalo chicken, one Philadelphia steak, one vegetarian delight, and one meat Lover's (not my favorite but loved by everyone else). Each one of us can probably eat 6 slices in one sitting. That's how much everyone enjoyed the pizzas. Very much!!
Another thing you don't want to miss by not ordering is the cheesesteak. Personally, I think they make the BEST cheesesteak, and I blame them for every time I crave a delicious cheesesteak. Luckily, I live close by, even though my waistline keep screaming. 



Pro Tip: 
**This is an excellent to-go/ delivery pizza, I never dined there. The customer service is a hit or miss. Improvement needed. 
** In my opinion, don't get a slice of pizza. I prefer the fresh, made-to-order pizza. Don't forget this is my under-the-radar cheesesteak spot, so give it a try!

Three and half Yelps
I've gotten pizza to go from Top Tomato and it's always delicious. Their speciality pizzas are perfect (IMO) - They have a thin crust and lots of toppings. The bruschetta and mediterranean are favorites of mine. I even think the plain pizza is pretty delicious as is.
Hungry + Angry = Hangry. If there's a time normal foodies come close to going Gordon Ramsey on a wait staff, it's when you combine these two moods.

Judging by the reviews, Top Tomato makes more than a few people hangry, and my experience was par for the course. The waitress wasn't lazy or inattentive, just stretched thin by waiting tables, working the register, answering phones and putting together to-go orders. She might've been picking the tomatoes off the vine for how busy she was.

Overall the pizza is slightly above average and the prices are fair but I would take a gander through the window to see how busy they are. If fat, drunk, and stupid are no way to go through life, hungry and angry are no way to eat through it.
The broccoli and ricotta pizza is outstanding!

And you can't beat the price for a slice
Duh duh duh, don't get a slice when you can get a personal pan for $6 people! Nothing, compares to pizza fresh out of the oven, and I'd be damned if I'd get a slice after having Top Tomato's personal sized Marinara pizza with fresh basil.

Now it has been awhile since I've been, but the sauce was juicy, the tomatoes not to watery not too pasty. The cheese was flavorful, and the basil added that extra special element. Wish we had pizza like that in San Francisco. Even if we do, it ain't nearly as cheap. You all are lucky in Philadelphia. *Winks jealous eye*
Evrything excellent! Delivery take littlle bit  longer but its a busy hour! Im happy they read evry note an do my order exactly  hawi want! Thenkyou
Not quite as good as NYPD around the corner, but still damn good.  In fact, those guys have probably cut half of TT's clientele.  That said, they make a most excellent upside down pizza - probably my favorite in the city.
I've been here 3 or 4 times, my one co-worker and I are self-proclaimed "pizza junkies," so we randomly hit this place up one day to talk business.  I couldn't find it, thinking it was higher in the numbers than it actually was, but stumbled upon it again after like a month, and have gone with friends and co-workers alike.

THE LAYOUT:
It's got a good amount of seating, decor is very cafe-ish, as if the place was some kind of fancy eatery in a past life.  It is pretty fancy pants as far as pizza joints go, as Marcello points out, but its no Primavera or something super fancy.

THE PIZZA:
I personally think they would do well to put more pizzas by slice out behind the counter, their variety isn't very striking.  I usually get some kind of pizza with meat on it, I have tried the cheesesteak pizza (because I love that kind of stuff), and it was pretty good...I wouldn't want it as a cheesesteak, but it actually does well on a slice of pizza dough.  Prices are average, nothing special.

THE SERVICE:
I think this is how more pizza joints should operate.  Anyone who has read my reviews before has probably noticed by big pet-peave with trying to call out peoples orders for them to pick up from the counter...I don't know what's worse, the obnoxious workers' screaming or the hopeless tards who can't seem to figure out that the slice of meatlovers they literally just paid for belongs to them.  I only suffer that for good food, and I wouldn't suffer it for this place, so they do well to use a number system, where your food is brought to your table.  This makes the environment much more relaxed and quiet.

THE VERDICT:
It's good pizza, the place is clean and quiet, but there really isn't anything to knock your socks off.  Great place to go to every once in a while, but I don't see how someone could make this their main pizza joint.
Great local eatery.  Pizza was excellent  stuffed rigatoni yummy.   No ambience but who cares the foods was great. Service terrific and cheap prices.
I have had more than one bad visit to Top Tomato. I used to work real close to it, and kept going back because the personal pizza's are really good, but they truly lack in the hospitality and congeniality departments. They had my credit card on file here (without my consent might i add) from one time that i ordered with it. Then, a month or so later, another co-worker in a completely different office at my company, ordered $150 worth of pizza for a specail event. Even though she specified that she was using the American Express they had on file for her, they still managed to charge my Visa. When i saw the charge, i called immediately and it still took a week for the money to be placed back in my account. It was a huge hit for me at the time, and i have never regained faith in this company since. On another occasion, i placed my order at the counter and waited for 30 minutes for a personal pizza. Once i confronted the cashier about what was taking so long she said "oh...i never put it in". I was one of 3 people in the shop at the time, and was sitting at the bench where take out orderers are supposed to sit and wait for their food! On a third occasion, i ordered mozzarella sticks, and they did not send them with the order. When i called to ask where they were, the guy said " next time you order, we will give you some free". Thats all well and good, but what about TODAY, the DAY that i ordered them. They did not offer to refund me or send more out! I will never return to Top Tomato. Ever.
This is your typical pizza, hoagie, Stromboli, salad and platter place. We stopped in here for a quick bite and wanted tables outside. This place offered both. I ordered a ceasar salad with chicken and it was just okay. I felt like the lettuce was not all romaine, but had iceberg mixed throughout. There was no Parmesan or egg... croutons (standard) and I got it with chicken. The chicken pieces were very dry. My friend ordered a vegetable calzone and he said it was okay. If you are stopping here it's probably because you know what you want and it's not going to be a destination lunch spot. But I don't think I would order the chicken ceasar again. However, I must say that they were serving cauliflower pizza and I thought that was impressive. If I stop in again, I think that is what I would try.
I'm just going to be honest - this isn't some fancy high end artisanal pizza joint. If that's what you're looking for go somewhere else. This is high end comfort food pizza. You know, like the pizza you used to eat when you were a kid from the local pizzeria in your neighborhood owned by 3rd generation Italians. The kind of place that had trophies lining the walls from all the local little league teams who are there after their games. It's the perfect pizza for these trying times when we all just want to eat our feelings all the way back to a time in our lives when things were simpler - including pizza. When there was no such thing as too much cheese or sauce. 

The crust is nice and doughy, the sauce is tangy, and the toppings are what you'd expect with a few nice surprises. I'm addicted to the marinated tomatoes. My mouth gets sweaty just thinking about them. The eggplant pizza is a solidly amazing vegetarian chose that I've never had before - think eggplant Parmesan but in pizza form.

I honestly can't get enough of this place, and I'm not ashamed - there's a time and place for escarole and Gorgonzola on woodfired crust, but that time is definitely not now. Fun fact: when the city shutdown in March I became sick with what was apparently just the flu, but at the time I thought it was covid. I had zero appetite for about a week, and was barely able to leave my bed. The only thing that sounded appealing was the red top pizza, and to this day I credit that pizza with preventing me from starving. 

So basically my point is that if you want to survive the pandemic you should probably order a pizza from Top Tomato at least once per week, possibly more. Works better than alien sperm and tastes better than bleach. You're welcome.
I ordered mozzarella cheese fries and pizza with tomatoes, mozzarella, and garlic for take-out and by the time I took the last bite, my stomach was already turning upside down. I ended up with the worst case of food poisoning I can remember (and I am not someone with sensitive stomach). I spent the net day between my bed and the bathroom, which effectively ruined my last day in Philly. Ugh. Do yourself a favor and find a different place to eat (there's plenty in the area).
As for the food, the pizza was merely ok while the cheese fries were foul. Absolutely awful.
Top Tomato is currently open for takeout and delivery. The staff is very friendly and kind, so I am happy to support their business during these difficult times. 

I have always been a huge fan of Top Tomato's takeout. Some of my favorites include their Red Top and the Philly Cheese steak pizzas. 

When things open back up, they have great bar specials including dollar slices! Definitely take advantage of these deals to try their delicious pizza.
Don't get me wrong, I LOVE Chicago pizza, but there's something to be said about the crispy, delicious thin-crust variety you get on the East Coast. I'm reviewing this place in particular because that's where the bf and I had lunch today. The pizza was perfect, just the right amount of crispiness, but still "foldable" (the boy's word for describing the ideal New York-style pizza). I was a huge fan of the white pizza as well as my boyfriend's slice of white tomato bacon, but the winner by far (both in name and taste) was the Jersey Tomato Pie. It just doesn't get much more awesome than that.
It pains me to write this review because I really have loved TT and been a loyal customer - I think the pizza is good (4  -4.5 stars good!), especially the white tomato pie which is garlicky and yummy. 

BUT, I ordered a delivery pizza in the summer (pizza + salad) and was overcharged. I only live about 8 blocks away, but it was a lazy hangover morning, and we just wanted a meal delivered. We didn't hear the phone when the delivery guy called the first time.. by the time I realized it he was gone back to the store. I called and he agreed to bring it back over (seriously, it really is about 8 blocks away). I gave him a BIG tip for coming back, reheated and ate my pizza, and forgot about it.

Later I see that there is a $95 charge on my credit card. My credit card company called the store and spoke with the owner (I was on the line too) and he maintained that I had ordered 3 pizzas, a salad, and a drink, and that the charge was justified. They refused to reverse it. 

I am seriously surprised that they would risk losing a loyal customer over a $95 charge. When I was on the phone with them (with the credit card company) he asked for my phone number to search for the charge and even said "oh, you have many purchases". Yeah, that's my point, I've been ordering from you for a long time. If I say I didn't order 3 pizzas, and you can see every other order I've ever made was for a single pie, why not put the customer first? 

Sadly, I will be taking my business elsewhere.
Tempted to deduct two stars.  Only taking off one since the quality of the food is still on point.  

Tried delivery for the first time.  They charge a $3 delivery fee, though my rental was only 8 blocks away.  That, plus generous tip (because delivery fee implies to my apt door, not me having to drop what I'm doing to find shoes, shlep to the street, and meet the driver), brings a SMALL calzone to $25.

Then this happens:

Drive: Calling so you know to come down.
Me:     Is the building door locked?  I can buzz you up.
Drive: I don't know.  I'm not even there yet.  You have to come down.
Me:    .....................oooookay......

Call Top Tomato:

Me:   Hi.  Just received delivery, and am wondering if it's normal that your drivers make the 
        customer meet them on the street.
TT:   Yeah.  If they can't find parking....
Me:  .....................oooookay......

Obviously not worth discussing further, since the restaurant doesn't care, this driver didn't even know if there was parking as he called before he arrived, didn't have the courtesy to explain this on the phone, and the restaurant just wants a reason to charge you more, but not give you the service for which you're paying.

If you're going to have to dress and head outside anyway, just do pick up or dine in.  Don't bother wasting your money paying for a service which will be given in a very half-assed, honey badger manner.
We bought pizza from here for our friends that helped us move.  Two days later, everyone that ate is still sick.  We ordered a tomato pie, hawaiian pie, and a salad.  Pretty standard, IMO.

Anyways, I ain't mad I just hope I still have friends to help me the next time I move .
Don't let the mixed reviews drive you away from this hidden gem! My first experience here couldn't have been better.

I am an eggplant parm connoisseur. Top Tomato's eggplant parm sandwich is, hands down, the best I have ever had. The eggplant actually tasted like eggplant - it wasn't mushy or overly breaded. There was just enough cheese and sauce, and the homemade bread was perfectly crispy. My last supper choice, for sure. Everyone else equally enjoyed their meals, which ranged from the red top and BBQ chicken pizzas to cornbeef sandwiches.

Some other reviews complain about the service, but our waiter truly could not have been nicer.

Can't wait to come here again!
Like Marcello said, Top Tomato is the closest thing we've got to fancy-pants pizza alongside Pietro's. After having gone to NYC, Pietro's, and Zio's, I must give Top Tomato this rating. Meh on the pizza.

Top Tomato also offers some burgers and pasta. The last pasta dish I had was pretty good and came in a huge portion, so I didn't mind taking it home.

I think my friends and I raved about the personal pizzas because a lot of us didn't have them in a while. It's more of the novelty that we found a place that's not Subway that does personal pans.

Have a Jefferson ID? You get a discount! Also, I think it's closed on Sundays.
I can understand some of the previous reviewers in their anger toward wait times here, but what needs to be understood is that this isn't our typical pizza place. Pizzas don't start out as plain with toppings thrown on and heated through in the oven, everything here is made to order and with fresh ingredients. 

I don't think that any one reviewer can argue that what they order is not fresh and slight to moderately above average on the taste scale. I do think that the wait staff could be beefed up, I don't know that I've ever seen more than two employees in the kitchen, one at the register/tending to tables, and the take-out guy on the bike, certainly with more staff a lot of these negative reviews might update positively just for better service. I don't know that I've ever seen this place packed, so I'm not sure that they feel justified to pay a second waitress though it most definitely is needed at times.

As for food, the menu is not your standard pizza and hoagie joint, everything on the menu is a bit more high scale. I personally never veer far from the portobello sandwich with mozzarella and roasted red peppers, or a greek pie with feta and olives. Portions are generous and because they are made to order sandwiches are always crisp, not terribly soggy, and pizzas are as Rachael Ray would say "yum-o".
Happy Hour Review Only 

Really can't complain about their happy hour deals, especially for this area! $4 for a beer + pizza or $3 long islands (spells trouble!) 

The pizza is solid, not just for the price, but solid pizza slices period!

Would definitely recommend checking the spot out especially during sports games or for happy hour - can't beat the deal in the city.
Regular that goes here for lunch 3 days a week, ordered sandwich and asked for substitute  of salad for fries; still served fries and charged up charge for side salad. Gotta be kidding me, and very sure there was not a miscommunication just trying to make an extra dollar and lost a regular guest instead.
After a somewhat painful day of cross-country bus travel, I decided to order in for some pizza. Or so I thought. 

Instead of nice, tasty (and very easy) pizza, I got a phone call forty five minutes later. They were unable to complete my order because they -just then- decided to close early. 

Seriously, save your time and your money and order from somewhere else.
Top Tomato is one of my go-to pizza/italian shops in the area, and I have been eating here a few times a year for the past 3-4 years. My favorite pie is the jersey tomato pie, which has ample, chunky tomato sauce with a moderate thickness crust and plenty of cheese. When I'm in the mood for pasta, I get the penne rustica  (penne with chicken, mushrooms, tomatoes, veggies) or chicken marsala. Casual setting with sporting events on in the background and top hits on in the background.
Wow...what a treat. Stopped by for a fast bite and we were amazed at the excellent pizza and burger.  We are nyc pizza snobs and this place rivals nyc pizza.  They suggested the eggplant pizza and we were glad we took their advice. Nice thin crust amd flavorful toppings. The burger looked like it was fresh meat not a preformed patty.  Served on a big kaiser roll. Will be back next time we are in area. Right across from walnut st theater.
I order here a lot for my staff at the hospital! No. More. I ordered 3 large pizza's tonight plus 3 of 2 liter bottles of soda and asked to be delivered 1/2 block to the hospital. I gave a $10 tip. The guy calls from 2 buildings down said he couldn't bring up stairs after 8pm. We get deliveries here late after 9 pm all the time. ATTITUDE and LAZY. If I could get the tip back I would. I have multiple herniated discs in my back and can't carry much. That's why I gave $10 tip. NO MORE FOOD FROM HERE EVER FOR ME AND MY STAFF! We are taking our business elsewhere. If I could rate ZERO stars I would but YELP makes you put at least 1.
Was searching for good happy hour specials and came across Top Tomato. I've gotta say they definitely delivered with the happy hour deals! Our waitress was really friendly and brought out glasses and a pitcher of water without being asked! She was super patient and was good about recommending HH items instead of trying to upsell regular priced drink and food! My husband and I both started with a $2 Bud light drafts. Our beers came out super fast! After about 15 minutes we decided we wanted to try the pizza, so we ordered the $5 beer and a slice! The slice is just a regular piece of cheese, but you can upgrade it to any slice for $1. I decided to try the Buffalo chicken pizza. It was kind of dry like it had been sitting under the heater too long. It wasn't bad or anything, but made me question if it was worth the calories. I imagine if it had been fresh or if you had ordered an entire pizza, it would be much better! The beer that came with the slice was a tall boy lager I had never heard of. It was a decent beer, slightly heavier than a Bud light.
I really enjoyed this place and will definitely be back!
The tomato pie from this establishment is pretty good, kinda like Jeff Daniels' acting.  Everything else I've tried there is not as good as the tomato pie.
Me and friend needed a quick bite to eat. After ordering a couple slices and beers we found a booth to sit and talk. Pizza was ready pretty quick and tasted amazing. My tomato slice was good, just wish the dough was crispier. Next time, I will have to order a whole pie and asked to burn the sucker a little longer. The selection of IPAs wasnt bad at all. 

 I had a good time dining here. A great place for quick cheap city meal.
Meh. We've gotten pizza here a couple of times because our favorite neighborhood pizza joint hasn't been taking Covid seriously. Top Tomato has been great on that front, but unfortunately, the food doesn't stack up. The pizza is just ok. The pasta dishes aren't great--the two I've tried have been a bit too watery and not flavorful enough.

Also, I don't like the taste of pepperoni pizza, so we usually do 1/2 pepperoni 1/2 cheese. This might be a Slice app issue, but our order today specified half pepperoni, and lo and behold, we got a whole pepperoni pizza. I can pick the pepperoni off, but the cooking process brings the flavor of the pepperoni into the cheese, so even if I remove the pepperoni, the taste is still compromised. Oh well.
Now I feel bad for not trying the pizza, but I desparately wanted a Cheese Steak...if you want one, this is defintely NOT the place to go.  It was just meat and cheese, no flavor, no special. 

Next time I go, I will revisit for the pizza!

Anyways, the service was a little bit curt but I suspect this place to be for students at nearby Jefferson University and  UPENN students further down. Thus, I didn't expect much.  The price was not worth it for the quality of the MEH cheesesteak!

However, the area surrounding this place is nice with tons of shops. 

For now a 2* but when I return later, I will revisit and re-review this place based on PIZZA (which is supposedly what Evann G. says is bombdizzle) :D
Our beautiful and fearless leader, Carrie Estok, had to jog my sensibilities a little. I've got a new job writing for the Philadelphia Weekly. I now spend my weeks criss-crossing the city going from my place in South Jersey to my boyfriend's place in Upper Darby stopping at the paper, which is dead in the center: Center City. I've been exhausted! And OMG the Phillies! How exciting, yet exhausting was that???

But doing all this running around and meeting all these new people gives me more than plenty to Yelp about. Carrie was right to slap me on the ass...

Take Top Tomato for example.

Yep its a pizza place.  Big deal. But don't we deserve a place to chomp on slices that's also warm and stylish, inexpensive and convenient?

This is the place. In and out in much less than an hour. Good pizza. Friendly staff. Within walking distance of, well, everything in Center City (at least South of City Hall).
Ordered  cheesesteak and a steak calzone.  Both were flavorful.  Service was a little slow and she wasn't too knowledgeble about the menu, but she kept our glasses full during a heatwave (we were thirsty).  The sandwich was just as good as those we had from the more well known places.  The calzone was huge and chock full of ingredients.
What up with all the mixed reviews? This place was awesome. $5 minimum on card and slices are $3.50 with toppings. Buffalo, sausage, tomato, cheese, good selection. Pizza was a solid size, was filling, and had good cheese to sauce ratio. Ample seating. Everyone from the cashier to the owner were so nice and friendly.
Top Tomato does a decent iteration of a Sicilian pizza, but their regular tomato pies are even better. So on a recent weekend night, the GF and I decided to order some pizza off of Delivery.com.

Half Manhattan / Half Buffalo Chicken [$19.49]
16'' inch, pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, extra cheese

Top Tomato graciously allows for half-half pies. So, on one half, I went with their Manhattan specialty, which has a nice salty hit of pepperoni and sausage, along with mushrooms and extra cheese. On the other half, their buffalo chicken provided some nice spice, with a bit of funky blue cheese that didn't overpower. The crust was well-seasoned as well.

Chicken Ranch Sandwich [$5.99]

The GF wasn't in the mood for pizza, so she went with their chicken ranch sandwich, which had moist, char-grilled chicken that was seasoned well and wasn't overly dressed in ranch. 

French Fries [$3.49]

We also got a side of fries, which were house-cut, but weren't exactly crunchy - likely due to delivery. Still, they were decently seasoned.
We used to ordering from here for the entire office every Friday for about a year now, but no more. The pizza quality has gone downhill a lot. 

Was nice knowing you TT, you really did have the best pizza at one point
I ordered (via grubhub) an office lunch for a meeting we had on Wednesday. I placed the order at about 11:10 and NEEDED it to arrive at 12. We ordered about 7 large pies and 1 salad.

I had a feeling this wasn't really going to arrive anytime near 12 since it was such a large order and the ETA was 12:20. So I decided to call the restaurant and really nicely requested it be delivered at noon even though I knew it was an absurd request. Well the person I spoke to was quite short with me and reiterated my request was insane. I apologized, mentioned I wasn't trying to be rude, but I really needed this to happen. So another man got on the phone, heard me out and politely said he would make it happen. AWESOME!

I got a call a few minutes before he arrived so I could let him in the building. Our meeting had just started and he was very conscious and quiet unloading this ridiculous amount of food.  He even brought plates and napkins for us which I had completely forgotten to request. 

As he left he mentioned to me that he was the owner and I was blown away that he had taken the time to speak to me politely on the phone and deliver our order personally. 

Every pizza we ordered was phenomenal, not one complaint. I'd highly suggest the hot and wild...not only is it delicious but it has the best name!

I will forever be ordering from here for pizza office lunches but I will definitely order earlier as to not make them rush again! 

Thank you thank you thank you kind sir for getting our food to us on time in a ridiculously short time frame.
This place doesn't even deserve one star. I just waited two and a half hours for a pizza before canceling my order. Nick -- the only employee working today lied to me over the phone and then admitted that my pizza had been made and sitting there for over an hour. He treated me with such disrespect I could not live with myself if I contributed to the success of this business establishment.
Straight to the point with this place;

~ Customer Service was horrible! This is a seat yourself and the waitress will come and take your order when she feel like it kinda place. 

~ They were clearly short staffed but the waitress could have at least greeted us with a smile instead of a attitude of "hurry up and decide what you want to order" She gave no suggestions on what to order and when she brought our orders to the table she literally just dropped the plates anywhere on the table and left it up to us to figure out what it was and who it belonged too! 

~ I didn't try the pizza but my brother had the all meat pizza and said it was pretty good

~ I ordered a turkey wrap and it was YUCK! bread tasted like it should have been cooked longer, the turkey had no taste...the spinach was good though lol 

~ They had pizza's already cooked and sitting out to display and they all just looked very uninviting. Dry, old, nasty looking. 

Overall I was just disappointed with this place and have no plans to return.
I really do love Top Tomato. Absolute best subs around. The fresh panino bread is unmatched. My favorite is the chicken honey mustard sub and the chicken spinach and garlic sub. I'm also a big fan of the sweet potato fries, and the hummus platter. The best pasta dish I've had is the penne with vodka sauce. I could eat this all day. 

I used to live on 13th and walnut so I would come here a lot but since I moved to grad hospital, I've been ordering delivery. They always arrive on time and the food is still just as delicious! 

I'm just sad because Grubhub no longer has any of the desserts on the menu that I love. The cannoli and tiramisu are excellent, but it's no longer offered on grubhub for some reason... I wonder why? 

Also, this last time that I ordered my favorite sub (chicken honey mustard) I was really upset to find a big chicken bone in one of my bites :( 

This one issue (although I think it's really gross) won't stop me from ordering from Top Tomato because this is the first time I've ever had a problem. All other times, they would receive 5 stars.
Ordered dinner via grub hub. Had the chicken parmesan with marinara on the side. The chicken was burnt. Very disappointed because  I order lunch from here all of the time and it is always very good.
I absolutely love this place. I just finished a slice of a spinach/bacon/tomato/chicken pizza, and it was fantastic as always. I've never had a bad pizza from them, or even a good one, they were all great. Their greatest menu item by far is their chicken parmesan sandwich; the sauce is flavorful, the sandwich isn't drowned by sauce or cheese, the chicken is always crispy and perfect, and their homemade bread is a perfect complement. 

I've had great customer service in the restaurant, and only ever had one issue with delivery (pizza box was a little crushed, making the cheese stick to the top),  for which the manager and the delivery guy apologized when we told them. They're polite, courteous, attentive, and most importantly, make a damn good pizza.
In our hunt for the Philly's overall best Cheesesteak (Subjective I know), my buddy and I were tipped off about this place. The Server advised strongly we go for the Cheesesteak with Grilled Onions and Green Peppers despite being vegan herself. #Whoa not only is the hoagie amazing but the bread is all made fresh in-house. Four thumbs up if you count my toes!
I haven't experienced most of this menu yet, because I've found pizza near-perfection in their Pizza Margherita.  The sauce is fantastically fresh tasting, the cheese isn't too heavy, and the basil explodes with flavor.  The crust is thin without being crackery, but can occasionally feel a little limp.  

One star is missing due to the fact that about half the pizzas that I get delivered from here come somewhat mutilated.  The flavor is still intact, and that's all that really matters, right?

**Update- I've dropped another star due to the consistently mangled pizzas that this place allows to be delivered.  For a $2 delivery fee plus a $3 tip on top of that, I end up paying $20 for a disc of dough and a pile of cheese and sauce in the corner of the box, interspersed with green folds of basil.  As much as I love the sauce, I'm done being abused by this place.  I just ordered my last pizza from here.
I went there with a gift cert form Resterants.com and traveling from Maine I had no idea who was good or not.  I had the Chicken Marcella, my Girlfriend had the Mushroom Ravioli, and her friend had pizza.   The waitress was very friendly and the food came out quick which was good as a day at the art museum we were starving.  There was so much food we could not finish it the toasted bread with olive oil was a real nice touch.   I would love to go back there.
A nice long day of tooling around Philadelphia with Lauren and we were both more than ready for some grub. I work near here and had walked by multiple times, but never stopped in, so we decided to give it a try. The pizza was incredible (the spring fling), but more importantly it saved us from being hangry and resenting the look of each other's faces. Good on you Top Tomato, keep doing what you are doing saving lives and relationships. 


Sidenote, the 16" pizza is huge and we only ate half their so I can also confirm the pizza is very good warmed up in the oven if one needs some late night post-drinks nosh.
Apparently Top Tomato does a huge lunch business with lots of slices- I have only been for dinner, and it is usually pretty empty. So, I really only have experience ordering full pizzas. The margherita pizza is awesome- by far my favorite. My husband also likes the Jersey and  the Buffalo Chicken pizza.  Their salads are also good- we usually get a Sicilian salad, which is plenty for two people. They seem to keep kind of strange hours, closing especially early in the summer, so check before you head over.
Despite the size of Center City Philadelphia, you will be hard-pressed to find a good slice of pizza in the area. The number of New Yorkers I hear voicing their disappointment in Philly pizza climbs daily. I hail from Wild and Wonderful West Virginia and contrary to what you may have seen on MTV's Buckwild, there are some decent pie stops in the state. 

Obligatory pizza critique out of the way, Top Tomato is a decent stopover in downtown Philly. The red top pizza, where the cheese is laid underneath the sauce, is their pièce de résistance and worth a visit. 

I personally think it's the best piece of pizza I've had in the city. But having tried a few of their other choices, I wouldn't call anything else exceptional. The guys at the main counter are nice, but I have not had an overall positive experience with the wait staff and delivery. They need a hiring overhaul because while I feel that the management are capable, some of their day-to-day workers need an attitude adjustment.  

Again, the pizza is worthy of a trip whenever you find yourself in Center City. With a few better-versed and better-mannered employees, I'm confident that Top Tomato would have a more loyal following.
So here's the thing. If I'm in the mood for ANY other kind of pizza besides the red top, I'm probably gonna go elsewhere.

BUT if I'm the in the mood for the red top, there's no way I'll be disappointed. It's reliably delicious.
Okay pizza. My co-workers rave about it but I found their pizza to be average.  They do have a huge selection of options which is unusual. 

The best is the tomato pie.  You can order by the slice or by the pizza.  Good for a quick lunch!
Best pizza in Philly!  Grilled chicken salad is awesome too.  Most importantly I wanted to note that they have the nicest delivery guys I've ever interacted with.  All whom I've met have been so friendly and polite.  Once I didn't have as much cash on hand as I wanted to give as a tip.  The guy's response was that he was grateful for any amount.  The next time I saw him I obviously gave him double.  Love this place!
Top Tomato is right near where I work, so after trying the rest of the pizza places within the three block radius of my office, this is my main go-to spot for pizza because it's the best I've found! The slices are large and they have a lot of variety in their offerings.  I love their red top pizza (sauce on top, cheese on bottom) but I've also had the Mediterranean pizza (spinach, feta, chunky tomato sauce, mozzarella) the Jersey Tomato pizza (chunky tomato sauce, mozzarella) and the plain is great too! I haven't tried a lot of the menu items besides the pizza, but I have had their italian and also tuna hoagies and they are great.  Not on a traditional hoagie roll but it looks like they may bake their own rolls, which are delicious. 

Also, the staff is very friendly and I've been there so much they greet me and know what I order.  

I am not sure about the reviewer who thinks Top Tomato is more expensive than NYPD - I go to NYPD too and I'm pretty sure their slices are a tad more expensive - but not enough to really matter.  It's Philly and you'll generally pay $2.50 -  $3 for a plain slice and more for one with toppings wherever you go.
Everyone told me they had best cheesesteaks. I was skeptical but ordered pn with a salad. It was  delicous the bread was amazibg abd it wasnt soaked in grease. Salad was fresh and made perfect side. Defiantly recommend you try the cheesteak!
Top Tomato was, at one point, my go-to delivery place. Consistent product, always a pleasant meal whether I got take-out or ordered through Grub Hub. This time, though, I'm not sure what happened. 

I was craving a veggie burger in the worst way, so I pulled up Top Tomato on GrubHub and ordered one, along with fries and a diet soda. An hour later, my food arrived. Not only was my total different from what GrubHub told me (it was less, or I would have complained), but my soda never came. Fries were in a soggy bag. And my veggie burger is hardly a burger. I'd describe it more like guacamole on a bun. And I get it, it's a pizza place. Vegetarian burgers are not their specialty. But they're also hard to screw up. 

After paying for a drink I never received and getting a veggie burger that literally fell apart before I could eat it, I can safely say I won't be ordering from here again.
Forget the other pizza places, I've tried them all.  This is my top choice when im in the mood or not for lunch.  I suggest trying a slice of margarita.  Generally, they are packed, service with a smile and pizza is finger lickin good.  I go atleast 2 times a week, every week.
All the dishes I've had here are very tasty and well made. The system by which the staff brings your food to the table can be haphazard at times-they frequently don't seem to know which table gets which orders. The white pizzas and Caesar salad are a must try.
On my first visit, the slice of pizza was very good. I was delighted that they gave me a little garlic knot with my slice.m. Unfortunately, on my second visit, I tried a steak sandwich. Maybe one of the worst I've ever had.  Third visit, slice was decent. It was busy and I'm sure that had an influence.
I love this restaurant!  They have the best pizza, the best sandwiches and the best salads.  Sam and his staff are terrific,  they are always nice even when it's crowded.  They always go out of their way to make sure your order is perfect and you are happy.
I ordered a large pizza with sausage and mushrooms for $13 -- it was much, much larger than I expected. The staff at the counter are very friendly as well. The pizza is delicious -- it has a thick, chewy crust, covered with cheese and fresh tomato sauce. The toppings could have been a little more densely placed on the pizza, but other than that it was great and lasted a couple of meals.
Lots of my friends have told me about how great the pizza is here so I had to try it out. I was hesitant to try the Red Top Pizza As is since I am someone who loves his toppings. I don't regret it though, that was some good pizza.

The crust was crispy, cheese on the bottom, and a thin layer of sauce on top. The consistency of the cheese was thick and paired well with the sauce. After eating more than half of the pizza though, the sauce defiantly starts to get to you. It becomes a little too salty for my tastes. 

The pizza texture and feel reminds me a bit of a deep dish. This is mainly due to that thick cheese and the ratio between the cheese and sauce. If you're one of those people that enjoys the texture of a Domino's deep dish then this is something you'll like ... just a thinner crust.

One tip for those that like to keep their pizza around and like to microwave it, I would say Don't! The crust becomes hard and spongy.

Give it a try, I am sure this would be a pleasant experience well worth the price. It was for me.
One of the best pizzas in Philadelphia. You must get the bruschetta pizza or the white pizza. We also love getting the garlic bread from here. The staff is always so nice and accommodating.
The best pizza in the area, owner is very friendly, the margarita pizza is delicious, had many of the salads and everyone was great. If In the area it's a must try you will be satisfied.
I had a cheesesteak and a plain pizza.  Came into pick it up. Everyone was very friendly and the food was very good especially the pizza. Cant wait to
Come back.
I recently visited Top Tomato for the first time after purchasing a groupon for $40 worth of food from this establishment. After tip, myself and two others, ended up spending a little more (about $10 extra). We started out with bruschetta which was absolutely the best part of the meal. For a mere $5 you get 6 pieces of bruschetta loaded with perfectly seasoned tomatoes. I really enjoyed this. We then each ordered a bacon cheeseburger. This was probably my least favorite aspect of the meal. While the bacon was crisp, the roll fresh, and the tomato juicy, the burger itself left much to be desired. I asked for mine cooked medium and there was not a speck of pink. It tasted very dull and not juicy. In addition, we split an order of chicken fingers. They were good, but nothing special. A lot more of the bready coating than actual chicken. These came with fries which were slightly undercooked and undersalted. However, we also ordered a personal margarita pizza. This was just as good as the bruschetta. The sauce was the perfect mix of savory and sweet. The mozzarella tasted extremely fresh. The crust was delicious as well, crispy, yet chewy. This was a LOT of food for $50 and we were happy to take home leftovers. 

What I learned from this experience is, if you're going to an italian restaurant, order what they're good at! The bruschetta and pizza were excellent. My friend who had visited here before also informed me that their meat ravioli is to die for. I plan on trying one of their pasta dishes the next time I visit.
Lunch here on weekdays is better than at other times since it is fresh. I love chunky tomatoes on my pizza and my favorites here are eggplant pizza (so good!) and Mediterranean and margharita. When the pizza is fresh during lunch hour, these are some of the best pizzas I have had anywhere! I have come here for dinner and on weekends and the slices are dry and slightly stale.
The pizza here is ok, and the prices are pretty good, but two experiences have soured me on Top Tomato.

1.  One time we called out the guy at the register for using the same gloved hand to deal with money and food.

2.  One time we ordered fries and asked for a side of honey mustard at the register.  When they delivered the fries to our table (which we sent back because they were under cooked) they then tried to hit us up for an additional 50 cents for the honey mustard.  If they were going to tack on a mustard charge, you have to do it when we're paying not when the fries show up.
Being I work so close this was my go to spot for years! Lately the salads leave a lot to be desired, the pizza by the slice is gone if you don't get there by 1 (which forces you to order a personal pizza) the owners are somewhat friendly but the cashiers are beyond rude and unfriendly! So to pay 15 dollars plus for a salad to be treated like you're an annoyance I'd rather go somewhere else!
I love this place! It's my second favorite pizza in Philly! (Lorenzo's Brothers will always have my heart). I can't tell you about anything else on their menu because I am so stuck on their dang pizza that I haven't tried another thing!
This has been a hit or miss for me. When it's good, it's really good, when it's not good, it's really not good. I've tried individuals slices of pizza (would highly recommend the spinach and mozzarella) and salads (the portobello garden salad) to much fanfare. However, the cheese fries and the portobello sandwich were a greasy mess. I would give it a three but the staff is incredibly helpful and the service is good, so I'm edging them up to four stars. Colleagues who have eaten there rave about it so it's really a try and see.
Yeah, fam, go here instead of one the chains. It's sustained itself at this location for a long time and there is good reason for that. Barbecue cheesesteak was pretty great despite being sweet, the bacon and provolone cut the sweetness and the homemade bread was a great addition. Kids and my wife loved the pizza, even if the cruse was a little blonde. We do to dance class right around here, so I'm sure we'll be back.
This location has a GREAT lunch special. 6.99+tax for a slice of pizza (any type) plus a side salad (huge portion) and a drink. All fresh and will def go again!
This pizza is really awful. I'm giving 2 stars instead of one to take Covid into consideration but I don't really know if that makes much of a difference. The crust is super over floured and cardboard like and the toppings are greasy. It was delivered in a timely fashion from caviar no complaints there. Way overpriced for the quality.
I was happy to find a black owned pizzeria near me and the food was delicious. I'm trying to watch my carbs so I was glad to see they had cauliflower crust as an option.
Honestly I couldn't even step foot in this restaurant because the owner was SO RUDE. I was standing waiting to be seated and was calling a friend to come in and the owner told me to be quiet or leave. Obviously we left without even trying the food. The owner was so nasty I wouldn't even try the food. DO NOT EAT HERE.
Two different times I asked for the transit card discount, and the manager tried to decline me or said "just this once." Yet, they still advertise a 10% discount on PATC0's "Freedom to Save" website as they have for many years. 

"Just this once" is a good motto for this place, which in my opinion has gone downhill. I used to strongly enjoy their lunches, but was there after 4pm recently and it was only slim pickens left on the counter for dinner. Nothing on the counter looked like it had been made in the past hour or even two.
I ordered delivery via Seamless and it came after ~60 minutes.  The delivery guy was rude and actually asked me for more "gratuity".  The bag the food came in was soaking wet with oil.  Hummus plate only had 5 pieces of small soggy/oily store-bought bread.  The Chopped Salad was pathetic.  The grilled chicken was just cubed (probably frozen) store purchased pieces.  The steak was shredded roast beef.  

I could have thrown together a similar meal for 1/3 of the price, 1/3 of the time, and 3 times the taste.

WILL NEVER EAT HERE AGAIN!
I drove, walked, and biked past this spot so many times in the last couple of years while living in Chinatown and never thought to check it out. The kicker is that I've complained about a lack of decent walkable pizza options near my apartment for just as long, being consistently disappointed by forgettable, disappointing pizza after forgettable, disappointing pizza. Well, it took three months in quarantine and a lack of interest in any other place nearby that I could think of, but I finally checked out Top Tomato last night, and as my score should suggest, I was impressed (especially given its middling score here). 

We only tried one thing, so I'm going to hold off on excessive praise until a now forthcoming second order, but the "Sami's Special" pizza we ordered really hit the spot. It was kind of a "margherita meets plain" fusion - a layer of cheese pizza-style cheese topped with margherita-style blotches of fresh mozzarella, tomato sauce, and basil. Obviously it was nothing wild, but it was a nice tweak of standard pies and worked like a delicious charm. 

Top Tomato offers a pretty wide selection of pies, a lot of which I'm now curious and eager to try, and I haven't even dipped my toe into the apps and other sections of the menu (well...maybe that's not a good metaphor to use for food reviews now that I think of it), but for now I just hope they all meet the standard set by yesterday's order, because I sure would like a reliable pizza spot again.
What a fantastic happy hour find. Delicious pizza ( like the BEST. Pizza and I'm a pizza snob) and beer drink prices for happy hour. $2 domestic  $4 wine and well drinks. What a gem! Bartender, Ziggy, is an absolute delight.  
Thursday night is karaoke and $1 slices $1 beer at 8pm.
Delivery from this place is horrendous.  We waited an hour and forty minutes for the food to arrive, and called the restaurant several times with no answer.  When it finally was delivered they handed me a soaked bag which immediately ripped and all my now cold food spilled onto the floor and rug, splattering sauce everywhere.  Also, they sent us the wrong desert, which was also completely smashed.  They need to get their shit together.
I previously left a raving, great review but my opinion has completely flipped after my experience here last night. As a regular customer and someone who brings plenty of friends and business in, I was used to having a fantastic time at Top Tomato and was so excited to bring more friends yesterday. I was completely embarassed after we left because of how positively I talked about this place. Not only was the staff unwelcoming, but they were completely rude. The drinks we ordered had minimal amounts of alcohol to the point we literally thought they had nothing in them. We ordered purple gatorade shots for the table, which ended up being 99.9% purple gatorade and .1% vodka and costed $12 EACH. I would not recommend this to ANYONE and will not be returning or bringing anyone back. On top of everything, the pizza is no good which is disappointing considering this is a PIZZA PLACE. Get it together Top Tomato.
Meh.  The pizza was bland, and the crust was soggy.  Doesn't hold a candle to the fare at Zio's less than a block away.
This is my new favorite salad/garlic bread spot! I am a sucker for amazing bread with my salads. I was working a night shift and was craving a delicious Caesar salad. The delivery was quick and easy. I got the balsamic dressing with it and now that is all I want to eat on top of a Caesar salad. The garlic bread was toasted perfectly and had real garlic chunks - wow! I will definitely be ordering from here again soon!
I've passed this place for years walking by the Jefferson campus but never quite made it inside - what a mistake! It looks like a fast food spot but you can sit down as well. Many options of pizzas, sandwiches, and salads, and in the end we got one of each to share. Portions were bigger than anticipated and we left full, with leftovers, and having only spent $10 each (including the tax and tip- crazy). Great option for a quick bite to eat before a show!
The pizza is great, delivery is on time, and they have gluten free crust! I order for an office, and I always feel bad leaving the gluten free people out when we get pizza. Now I don't have to!
Review for Too Good to Go $5 pick-up bag

It was a full plate of chicken wings. One bag had plain wings with a plate of mac & cheese. Another bag had buffalo wings only and celery.

I think for the price, the volume of food is worth while. 

The taste of the food is pretty standard. They hit the spot if that's what you are looking for late at night. The mac & cheese is pretty light, not overly creamy or heavy.

They have a front door runner who can pick up the TG2G bags pretty quickly.

Tips/Takeaways:
-Something to have on the radar near Jefferson Hospital for any late night munchies
Placed a large order for Pizza and food. The cheesesteak was one of the best I have ever had. The bread made the sandwich I think it is homemade. The pizza was really great and we have to say the Capellini Primavera was the best of all. I do not know if it was the broccoli or the sauteed portobello mushrooms but the taste was amazing. We have to go back for the 2 pizza special after 5 pm one day with the kids they have FREE refills of soda.
Delivery driver dropped my entire order in front of me and ruined the entire meal offering no apology. Driver also did not respect social distancing guidelines and did not wear a mask. If you take covid seriously, do not order from this place. Restaurant did not resupply replacement food for ruined order or even reply to my inquiry.
