I was making homemade crunchwraps and needed tostadas. Harder to find than you might think, even at the giant grocery stores I occasionally visit in the 'burbs. That said, I knew exactly where I'd find them in Philly, so I sent my husband on a mission to Tortilleria San Roman, where he secured a fat stack. 

The tostadas are perfectly crunchy and ideal for recipes, or breaking apart and dipping into every last queso/salsa/hot sauce you've accumulated during this crazy year. The bonus was getting to support a local business, even whilst cooking my own dinner for a change.
I worked at an authentic Mexican restaurant for years and was spoiled from all of our homemade tortillas, chips, salsas, etc. so when I moved to Philly, I was looking for a new place to satiate my hankering for these items. My friend introduced me to Tortilleria San Roman and instructed me to eat a (warm) tortilla as soon as I walked out of the store. I'm happy to report I have been passing this tradition on to all of my friends when we go. I honestly always forget the cross streets it's on, but you can hear their tortilla machine squeaking from a block away so follow that noise to the promise land.

Amazing chips for $7 for 32 oz (or a smaller bag as well) that take forever to get stale because they're so fresh (or maybe I'm just eating them too quickly?). A dozen fresh corn tortillas for less than $2 (1/2 kilo)?? Buy a whole kilo (or 4), and you won't regret it. You can make homemade chips with the leftover tortillas or rejuvenate them by warming them up. They also sell sopes, which freeze easily for whenever you need them. Awesome pico and guac (with a kick) obviously. If that's not enough, you can purchase a variety of cheeses, beans and jarritos (Mexican sodas).

If Tortilleria San Roman didn't exist - all jokes aside - I would not be alive right now. They are my lifeline, and they should be yours too. *They are also on Mercato so you can get their amazing food delivered to your door while you practice ~social distancing~*
This place is the jam. I've never been but my boyfriend has brought home the goods on several occasions. The chips are great and stay fresh for a long time. The salsas are awesome but the red one is hotter than the blazes of hell. So get the green which brings just a hint of heat if you're sensitive to that sort of thing.
Hot corn tortillas!! Get your hot corn tortillas here!!  Hot tortillas up front!! 

Okay, you get the point.  This place is awesome.  It has very limited products, but those products are right on point.  I've gotten the pico de gallo (only on weekends), green and red sauce (be careful of that hot red, it's caliente!), chips, and of course, the corn tortillas.  FYI, it's only corn here, no flour!  

Honestly, my favorite thing to do is ask for one tortilla before they wrap my package up (from right off the hot line of course), and eat it then and there.  It's so warm and delicious.  Make sure to use many of them the day you buy them; that's when they taste best.  Then, to keep them as soft as possible, put them in a ziplock bag in the fridge (and make sure it's closed tight, otherwise they will get stale).
So like I saw all these so so so good review for this place. I said I had to give it a try. Cos I love Mexican food. Chips and guo. 

Anyway, hour on Yelp said they close at 6 but they weren't closed. So I was happy. But then this place looks kinda old and outdated. 

There was an old guy in the back doing something with food. He had gloves on, which is a good thing. But when I looked at them, they were very yellow and dirty. Clearly it's been used over and over again. 

Worst thing was that he was taking my money from me and giving me change with them same gloves on?!!!!!!!! Gross!!!! Money is the dirtiest thing on the whole planet!!!!!!! 

You need to be a non germ freak to eat stuff from here! Just saying! ;)
This is a perfect shop, and is exactly what the Italian Market should be (except it's Mexican).  They make tortillas, chips, and salsa.  I enjoy the simplicity of the selection, and there's no need to do more than what you're really good at.  

The nicer, older man churning out tortillas at break-neck speed is very friendly and likes to give out samples.  We should have heeded his advice on the red salsa:  it's extremely hot.  The other variety is delicious, and I didn't think twice about taking a container home.  I can't wait to try my kilo of blue with my tacos this week.  You can't beat the ground pork deal at the Asian market (1.29 a pound) along with the taco seasoning at the spice corner with blue tortillas.  

This particular section of the Italian Market can't be beat.  You have the Tortilleria, DiBruno's, the spice shop, and the best produce all on the same corner.  Not to mention my friend Sonny and his wild boar proscuitto a couple doors down.
O freaking le. So good. So cheap. So dangerous. $1.25 for 1/2 kg of fresh, still warm, freshly pressed tortillas. Hubs said he felt Tony Montana ordering in this measurement. :) You can't beat the prices or the taste. I'll NEVER buy bland store bought again. Why would anyone with this place right here? Making them myself  while fun, isn't always easy on our busy Taco Tuesdays so this is our new go to. We also got chips and guac too (totally unnecessary but I just had to try them they looked so good). The smallest bag (quart size) of crispy, delicious chips was $1.75 and creamy guac was the most expensive thing in the place coming in at a whopping $4.50. It was very spicy, but still very delicious. You may just see me here every Tuesday. (Covers eyes).
Best tortilleria around! They make the tortillas fresh everyday. You can opt for the fresh tortillas or by their chips (which I am addicted to). While they may be more expensive than any store bought ones, nothing else compares. They also offer fresh salsas, pico de gallo, and guacamole! All of which are pretty good too. You cannot go wrong with anything here. Best of all, they're super nice and friendly. 

P.S. I love their blue corn chips too, but they only make them on the weekends!
Tortilleria San Roman is pretty much everything I love about life: I'm not kidding. San Roman is about passionate people making excellent and honest products that bring joy to every single person who buys them -- witness their stellar reviews. 

The first time I walked in, soon after they opened, I was dismayed that they only sold tortillas because I was looking for lunch, but the gentleman behind the counter offered me a sample fresh off the hand press with great pride. I would have been captivated by the wonderful aroma alone, and tasting it was even better. I didn't know that tortillas could be this exquisite. I was hooked. 

Soon afterward, they upgraded their equipment and could crank out more of those flat golden rounds of fluffy, corny deliciousness, while also selling chips and excellent, bright, fresh salsa. On weekends, you can get the wonderful blue corn tortillas -- earthy and even better! It seems that they are also supplying some local restaurants, and I am so glad that they seem to be thriving!

I wish every city could have a San Roman, but I'm so glad that we have San Roman here in Philly. It's obviously about more than making a buck for these folks; they make a simple, staple food with an integrity you can taste -- in their small way, they are making a difference. If you're reading this, come down and visit -- once you try a sample, you'll be hooked too.
Waited until I went back and got some salsa and the pico de gallo.  This place is awesome I almost don't want to write this review so that it can remain a secret. The tortillas are awesome and the chips don't need anything at all, I just sit and eat them. The large bag of chips is $6 which isn't bad but the tortillas are an absolute steal at $1.25 for 1/2 a kilo and $2.25 for a full kilo.  Just go get some and get it over with, the salsa is awesome, I got the mild to start and it is pretty spicy I am going to go back and try the hot which will probably burn a hole in me.  The pico is awesome and super fresh.

They only take CASH, no CC, there is an ATM in the place. The pico de gallo is only available on the weekends. When I was in there getting tortillas they were pulling them right off the conveyor and giving them to me, awesome. They do regular tortillas and chips and also blue corn of each as well.  When I went in on the weekend they were doing blue corn but when I went during the week they were doing white corn so just maybe call or something and see which they have if you care.
Where have you been all the time I have lived in this city!?!?! My biggest complaint about nearly all the Mexican food in this city after moving from San Diego was the lack of quality tortillas. You should be able to eat a tortilla by itself with only butter to have a delicious snack, and yes, all tortilla chips should be made from the same quality of tortilla. All those tortilla chips you pay $5 for at whole foods and serve at your parties with salsa are no good.

Now, I am not sure it it is just the fact that I have lived outside of San Diego for so long that I think these are better than they are, or if they are just that good, regardless, I am now a repeat customer. I will never make tacos or quesadillas or serve guacamole again without first coming here. Yes Philly, this place gets you that much closer to understanding what you have been missing out on in your Mexican food intake. These fresh and fried tortillas are the real deal and not only that, but everything is priced how it should be to boot! Thank you Tortilleria San Roman.

Ive never gotten anything else here other than chips and fresh tortillas so I can't comment on the salsas.
This place makes a business of doing nothing else besides churning out fresh corn tortillas, so you know they have to be BOMB.

I was walking through Philly's Italian Market and snuck a peek inside, strictly out of curiosity. One of the guys behind the counter caught me looking and insisted that I come in and try one. He pulled out a stack of tortillas and they were still hot and SO flavorful. One bite, and my mind and tastebuds were instantly transported back in time to childhood, when I had a Guatemalan best friend, whose mom made fresh tortillas just like these.

There's no ambiance or decor, just amazing tortillas that are $2 per kilo.
 (AKA: 2.2 pounds, AKA: about 2 dozen tortillas, AKA: a huge stack)
In a winter full of 50+ degree days there was at least one Saturday where the wind blew light snowflakes around the Italian Market.  Metal trash cans housed fires providing heat for the produce vendors.  I decided to warm up in Tortilleria San Roman around 11 as they were prepping the machine to make blue corn tortillas.  

I watched as they pulled mounds of blue dough out of the mixer & stuffed the press to the brim.  Then one by one, the hot tortillas slowly made their way up the conveyor belt.  Samples were passed out to all - including the house made verde & spicy salsas (marvelous bite/ kick to the red salsa).

For $2 per kilo, this deal can't be beat.  Blanco are always available, blue a little later in the day.
Its safe to say this place has THE BEST tortillas in the city. This is a small shop in in the Italian market - really easy to miss since there is a lot going on in that block. 

Here is a breakdown of my rating: 
Price: Super cheap - a very large bag goes for $6
Quality:  Excellent - tortillas are sturdy and perfect for loaded nachos, so pile them high with chicken and guac or whatever floats your boat. 
Flavor - out of this world delicious!

Go get your tortillas people...perfect for Mexican food night!
Amazing chips, torillas, and salsas to go. Literally the best part of having taco night at home is being able to pick up ingredients from here for an awesome dinner. 
Fairly inexpensive for what you get! And defintiely worth checking out!
There's nothing better than hot, fresh tortillas straight off of the gas flame (well, unless there's a little butter involved - or imperial margerine) except when they are made by hand.  I can make my own tortillas, sure, but walking into this tortilleria today really made me smile big!  It smells so good in there!  And the one kilo of corn tortilas was so hot and steaming in my backpack, keeping me warm on my long bike ride home.  I also tried a small (freezer bag size) of their chips - mmm good!  For $1!  Boy, with a little homemade salsa... oh goodness, thank god I rode 10 miles today and yesterday!

Can I offer those of you who don't know what to do with extra tortillas?  I could go through a kilo of these with my boyfriend in two days - you have to make enchiladas, or have a  double-layer taco, or make chilaquiles, or just have them for a snack instead of a powerbar or crackers.  They make great quesadillas, wonderful chips - you can even  make your own lowfat baked chips just by baking them in the oven or toaster oven even!  Don't get be going on eggs and fried tortillas with onion!  And Enfrijoladas!!!  Anyway, this place rocks!!!  No more dried-out crap tortillas for this senorita~!

By the way, a great recipe (i mean, unbelievably make your eyes roll back in your head) for enchiladas comes out of Diana Kennedy's book From My Mexican Kitchen (which I got online brand-new! at Thrift Books for like $8 or something crazy - it's just jammed-packed with awesome recipes, but I digress...)

Anyway, go and get your hands on some real tortillas made by a real tortilleria.  And, oh, a little hint - don't eat the first one of the pack until the end.  They are wrapped in paper, so pretend it's like bread and eat the ones in the middle first.  ;)
Located on a corner of the Italian market, this is a great little tortilla shop. The minute you walk in, you can smell the fresh corn flour tortillas being made. You can also watch them making the tortillas. We got a small bag of tortilla chips for $1.50, and they were some of the best tortilla chips I've ever had. The dip was a little expensive, so we decided against it, but I wish I got a larger bag of chips. I definitely recommend this place for some fresh tortillas!
Not a sit down place. You come for fresh, homemade tortillas and chips to go. They are the best. Thick, crunchy, just a hint of salt. Bought a big bag plus salsa and guacamole for a party and everyone devoured them and raved about how good they were. Fun watching them being made on the machine too.
House made tortillas on the cheap . Bomb ass hot salsa. Authentic products from south of the border. 

This is usually where i come for my tortillas when in need. I'm sure there is lard in the dough but its so fuggin good i don't even care. These jawns are sold by the KILO ( yeah thats right KILO)  or a half KILO. a kilo will set you back 2.25 and a half is 1.25 basically they are giving these things away. 

Go and get some.
my father and i were walking through the italian market. my nose caught a whiff of corn....delicious, fresh, hot corn - and i knew i was in trouble. i stopped dead in my tracks, closing my eyes as i stood, frozen, on 9th street, my father a few steps ahead quizzicly assessing my pause. i turned around and lo and behold, a door was wide open unleashing the scent of a man parked in front of a tortilla press, gently receiving the hot sheets of goodness coming off the little belt. i watched as he deftly collected them into a pile, wrapping then in bakery paper, and estimating their weight. my saucer eyes must have amused the man behind the counter, because he promptly handed me and my father one, soft and warm in our hands. the taste was unlike anything i've had - goya, mission, ortega - they can all go to hell. i don't WANT a tortilla unless it was made here. it's like i've eaten from the tree of knowledge and now can never go back to eden. eh, whatever. ignorance was NOT bliss. i asked if i could buy a dollar's worth, since i live alone, and still was presented with a pile of lovelies as think as my arm. 
             SO - now i have one MORE thing to be particular about. GREAT. i have big plans for you, tortilla babies...BIG. PLANS. WORD.
When I saw that Tortilleria San Roman was the number one rated business in Philadelphia, I knew I had to see why. Me and my boyfriend go to the Italian Market quite frequently for groceries, and you definitely have to stop here if you are in the neighborhood! 

100% amazing. We have had the chips, and salsa, as well as the tortillas. Everything is made right in the store, sometimes you can actually see them making the fresh tortillas. The red sauce is exactly what my boyfriend has been looking for. It is really spicy, but not chunky at all, very smooth texture. 

They sell everything by the kilo or half kilo. If it just for 2 people I would suggest the half kilo. We didn't realize how many a kilo was until we bought it! Very inexpensive. 

Seriously! Try this place, I now understand why it is the #1 spot in Philadelphia!
Unreal how good the tortillas and chips are from here. I will walk as far as I have to for their tortillas and chips. They are located in a small corner shop in the middle of the Italian market and they crank out tortillas all day long. The second you open the door, you are seduced by the beautiful aroma of fresh tortillas popping out onto the conveyor belt setup they have for the tortilla press. I never go in there without getting a bag of chips, and they sell you a ton of tortillas for the price. They supply a lot of the restaurants in the city with their tortillas and chips, and thank the lord for that because they are outstanding.The red salsa is also straight fire. It is so intense, but its a really great flavor.

Over and over and over again, that's when I will be back. I seriously could eat a whole bag of the chips and a pound of the tortillas every day. If you haven't tried it, you really need to, you wont regret it.
SO glad to see this place with such high reviews! They offer samples, but I recommend the blue corn... everything! The chips are a bit greasy but overwhelmingly awesome, the tortillas and so flavorful I dont always fill them, and that stack of warmth topped with their green salsa is like a beauitful mexican pancake stack.

Be prepared cash in hand, and if you get there at the right time you might not need to wait. They sell their dough, too, just ask!
Super duper cheap :)

The best.

Just say yes.
I'm not sure why Tortilleria San Romano is listed under Best of Yelp restaurants because it is definitely NOT a restaurant.  It is, however, a great little minimalist shop in the heart of the Italian Market that sells fresh tortillas, freshly fried tortilla chips, one or two additional Mexican dough-based items (to be cooked at home), and salsa.  

My husband and I walked from Logan Square to check this place out (because of the rave reviews on Yelp), but we were disappointed when we realized that the only thing we'd be able to purchase for immediate consumption were the chips and salsa.  Regardless, with our highly touted prize in hand, we walked to an empty bench a couple of blocks away so we could eat in relative peace and quiet.  The chips were super crunchy and fresh-tasting, and the mild green salsa was a nice accompaniment, but they weren't anything we'd write home about (this Yelp review does not count).  I've had freshly fried tortilla chips in the past, and the ones I ate today did not scream "best ever!"  Still, we're glad we stopped in.

I wanted to give Tortilleria San Roman three stars because I felt misled by a couple of the reviews that talked about lunches and tacos, but that's not anything the store controls and it's entirely possible they do serve lunch and we just missed it.  Sigh.
Very good fresh hot tortillas at a decent price!

They also have house made chips and salsas!

Surprisingly they accept credit card for even a charge of $5! Win win.
Fantastic (and cheap) fresh made tortillas, chips and salsas. It's got the feel of a family run shop. I could easily eat those corn tortillas every day. No frills, just great product at awesome prices.
What is there to say?  $2 will get you a huge stack of fresh tortillas.  Not sure what I'm going to do with them this week, but I started with a delicious quesadilla.  Will definitely check out the salsas next time.
We've been coming here for years now, and I guarantee that there are no better tortilla chips anywhere.  I have family from all over the state who demand I bring multiple bags every time I come to visit. 

They just installed a new tortilla machine that doubled their output, and I'm really happy that this nice family has been so successful.  Everything they make is simple, but delicious.  It's also great that they aren't gouging people now that it's so well known.
Great little shop for you to purchase all the ingredients that you can't find in a store for you to make a true authentic Mexican meal. Fresh tortillas wafting in the air, and then you get to try one to boot. SOLD !! Now I have said this before , my wife makes all these things, fresh tortillas ( my friends had the pleasure of trying). Now that we have been in here she can get the ingredients she needs that she can't find else where. 

Great tortilla chips, great flavor to them, and the Salsa had an amazing kick to it. I had a lovely lady and guy behind the counter rap off in Spanish (my wife enjoyed this) and then I was handed a warm tortilla where this lovely lady had a spoon full of Salsa spread over it. My wife smelled it  with the words  "pica " coming out , this means hot/ spicy hot, with a kind way she declined. Myself, I was all about it, went in for the kill, 5 seconds later I was looking for a glass of milk.  Amazingly  great flavors minus the intense heat I was experiencing, we ended up buying both versions of salsa to go with the fresh tortilla, and tortilla chips.

Wifey also grabbed some more things as  I noticed, looks like we will be doing tamales at home which is another great dish. 

Great store, friendly amazing staff that makes you feel at home. Great Salsas to try with fresh made corn tortillas (Also have white corn tortilla which is also great). You will not break the bank here for  a little over 2 lbs (basically a Kilo) of tortillas you will pay a WHOPPING 2 DOLLARS !!

Other than parking this is a great little shop, with a great group to go with.
Best value in the city! Kilos of tortillas, giant bags of tortilla chips, all fresh and cheap. The only thing that's a little pricey is the salsas but they are delicious and a must - especially the green!  Stop in for some authentic deliciousness and throw the store-bought imposters away!
As someone longing for the return of international travel to Mexico, Tortilleria San Roman is a staple in the Italian Market latin food scene. I prepare a delicious pico de gallo but walking in and out with a tub of theirs is equally satifiying. Their salsa verde and chips are the starters in our Saturday morning chilaquiles.  Prices high if you're living on pesos but more than fair with US$.  I love tortilla's and tlacoyos and until i find another spot that's more convenient, this is my jawn!
They know what they're doing...You walk in and even if you're on the fence about buying stuff- you won't be for long. 

I walked in the door as I was doing my Italian Market shopping and was wondering if I should buy some chips and salsa. It smelled great but I didn't really NEED salsa and chips (you always need it, but it definitely wasn't on my grocery list). So I'm looking around in the tiny store and the guy behind the counter takes a tortilla off the conveyor belt and hands it to me. It was hot and soft and he says, "You like hot stuff?" I'm realizing that I'm in a Mexican store so my version of hot it not theirs. So I quickly say, "How hot?" (this sounds like the opening to a porn but I swear it's very G rated). He sees my hesitation so tells me to try the red salsa, and not the green. So I tear off some of my warm tortilla and dip in the fresh salsa...AMAZING. Whatever I just ate needed to be in my possession! I tear another piece of tortilla and he says, "You want to try the hot one now?" So I think I'm an expert on salsa now and say, "Sure, why not?" and just ever so slightly touch the green salsa, first thing that goes through my mind was, "Holy shit!" and the first thing that comes out of my mouth is, "Holy shit!" The guy literally laughs at me (how could you not laugh at the idiotic girl thinking she can handle hot food?) and I just say, "I'll take some tortillas and the red salsa please" I thanked him for the samples and spent all of $6 and walked home with a burning mouth. Seriously, 5 blocks later and my mouth was still burning. Damn you green salsa, one day I'll be able to eat you.
What is there left to say about San Roman? Great products at great prices, service with a smile. For $12 we got a kilo of corn tortillas (about 30 of them?), "small" bag of chips, pico de gallo, and queso fresco. All was fresh & wonderful. We'll be back often!
I like it when I roll into a place after haven eaten one too many tamales at a nearby joint, and having a warm tortilla shoved in my face: "HERE, TRY THIS! 'S GOOD!" The kind man behind the countered beckoned me. I could smell the warm, fluffy flour. 

The salsas on the counter - one green and one red (Feliz Navidad mes amis - I get languages confused when I'm excited...sorry.) - and each rightfully spicy...like actually spicy. So don't idiotically smear the spice all over your warm tortilla, roll it up, and eat it like spice burrito minus the beans. It won't work.

Do, instead, stuff the pipping hot fresh pressed round tortilla into your mouth. Savor the delicacy of a finely crafted Mexican staple, and be glad you went to the Italian Market...because now there's something worth the trip.
FRESH!!!!  Excellent chips and tortillas. Salsas are pretty good but not the best I've ever had. Be sure to bring cash because they're a cash only biz.
You will fall in love with everything they make! Don't believe me? Try it. Try it all. The homemade guac or pico de gallo, chips, or fresh from the oven tortillas. I wasn't hungry but I couldn't stop putting it all in my face! 
I love Mexican cuisine, but this place has the perfect foundation for your at home Mexican family style meal.
And it's all gluten free! Celiac win-win.
The only bad thing I can think of is cash only, but it's all so cheap how can I possibly be annoyed at that?
I've been a fan of the tortilla chips and salsa for a while now, but just recently have I tried the tortillas and WOW they're good.

We went yesterday to pick up some tortillas and right when we walked in, we were each handed a tortilla hot off the press.  It was soft, warm and fluffy.  Paired with the free salsa samples on the counter, it was perfection.  The salsas are delicious: red = hot & spicy, green = mild & refreshing. The chips are thick, crunchy and ever so slightly salted.  They make Tostitos taste like cardboard.  For $10 we walked out with a huge bag of chips, a giant stack of tortillas and some salsa.
Super fresh and cheap tortillas as they are made from the machine in the store. You can choose between 15 or 30 tortillas. 

I recommend enjoying it the same day because it gets dry after you put it in the fridge.
sooo good, so good, so good! (to the tune of sweet caroline, obvs.)

Nice people + delicious product + speed of lightning service  + easy accessibility = 5 stars, no question. 

Well, I lie, I did question. I thought about taking a star off for the ugly chips. Ugly in the way that they were not all uniform and some looked like they were just the result of regular, unfried tortillas that had stuck together, and then ended up in the fryer as tortilla chips. However, then I remember that the whole delicious bag cost me a freaking buck and they were STILL the best tasting chips I've ever had! The ugliness only helps to remind you of the homemade authenticity, I guess. 

So basically, just go here. Go here right now. Spend the extra dollar or two for the gigantic bag of chips because they are addicting and you will not regret it. Unlike spending the extra dollar for that new flavor of Doritos and regretting it when you realize it's just a saltier version of the same old. The steamed corn tortillas are fantastic as well, and served warm and fresh all day. Many reviewers have noted that the blue corn tortillas are served on the weekends, however they were present on my Thursday visit? I didn't ask why, I just ran with the  bag and considered myself lucky!
Hit up dat CHIP game. They make tortillas and chips here. That's it. No fancy jumbo, just plain and simple. Prices are unbeatable. The people who own and work this joint are so freaking nice. And let me tell you about dem BLUE chips. Amazing toasty consistency with not an overload of salt. This house is legit.
They made great homemade tortillas. If you grew up around homemade tortillas then you will be happy to find they are doing it right. That being said, its as good as a freshly made tortilla can be. Nothing more and nothing less. The 5 stars is for consistency and quality. It is cool to watch if you have never experienced it! They use a machine that flattens out the tortillas. They also make yummy tortilla chips but I have often found them to be super hard and almost painful to eat on occasion. They have cheeses, an assortment of salsas etc at the counter in addition to various mexican items for sale. If your recipe ever calls for cotija or another variety of white mexican cheese, they have it!
I thought that this place was a restaurant. 
I saw 5 stars and the pictures of tacos and made my way there. Thankfully the staff are really nice and helped us. They gave us fresh tortillas samples. We purchased a large bag of tortilla chips and guacamole. I highly recommend it 

Imagine how amazing it would be if this place was a taqueria.
Not entirely sure what the craze is about, but I do love the tortillas (nice and fresh!), the guacamole is surprisingly so good given you only see avocados in the mix and I love the green salsa (but I am biased towards them!). It's a fun place to stop by in the market, but treat it as a snack en route to a bigger food meal (like Mole Poblano down the street!).
I will just rehash what everyone has already said...the tortillas are SO fresh, so cheap, so delicious. Pick up some veggies at the Italian Market and you are good to go for taco night :)
holy smokes - we have found the motherload of freshly made tortillas. i am never ever ever buying pre-packaged tortillas from the supermarket again! made fresh and hot right behind the counter, $2/kilo. this just can't be beat. when we walked in, there was a woman who must've purchased 10 kilos or more... one of the men behind the counter offered us fresh tortillas to eat while we waited. they were soft, hot, and not too doughy or chewy; seriously just right. when they saw that we'd be waiting still, they brought out some chips and salsa for us to try. tortilleria san roman gets it just right: chips, salsa, and tortillas all on point. :)
This place is the business.

Fresh made tortillas and salsas.  From what I can tell, they do yellow corn and blue corn.  The blue is where it's at.

The red salsa is super flavorful and quite spicy.  Haven't tried the green yet.

The price will make you cheer.

Increible!
Be still my California heart!

I no longer have to have my mom smuggle delicious chips, tortillas and salsa from home to keep me from wasting away.
Really nice people will sell you a high stack of fresh corn tortillas here. A two dollar kilo = a tower of tacos forever...or for us, almost a week...um four days is almost a week. Heh. For two bones! I'm gonna see about those salsas next time. Oh and there will be a next time.
I think their Pico de Gallo is the best I've ever had. It's perfection. Their tortillas are next level too. This place is maybe the best value spot going.
The tortillas and tortilla chips from San Roman are the best.  The salsa is also first rate.  They never disappoint.
So, so delicious. There's no comparison between grocery store tortillas like Mission and the fresh, warm tortillas from a tortilleria. It is worth the trip to 9th Street Curbside Market. In fact, there's no reason to get tortillas or tortilla chips anywhere else.

I've been a few times to pick up tortillas and always end up with something else like chips, Mexican cheese, and salsa. 

The tortillas are what I've been chasing in my own attempts at making homemade tortillas: soft, pliable, and with fresh corn taste.

Like any quality fresh bread made without tons of preservatives, these are best eaten the same day they are made/bought.
This place is another gem in the Italian Market. 30 fresh and delicious corn tortillas for $2.25?! There is no better way to perfect taco night. Plus, they make fresh tortilla chips to go. I went there yesterday to get some things to host taco night, and I will never have another taco night without stopping here first. The corn tortillas were still warm! That's how fresh they were.  Everyone was raving about the tortillas and the chips. I also got a pico de gallo and guacamole. They were also fresh and delicious. This is a perfect place to stop before dinner or a party to make it even better. The prices are so affordable. I highly recommend this place.
Simplicity at it's finest. What do they sell? Authentic Tortillas and tortilla chip, salsa. This placed in the heart of the historic Italian Market. It's so simple, I'm trying to find other things to say about this place.
I go here for the fresh tortillas which are a great cheap eat for $2.25, just make sure that's what they charge you, twice now the young guy working there has short changed me, though only by a quarter, but still
I have been here a couple times, and I love this place. First, who doesn't love freshly made corn tortillas and tortilla chips? You either have a physical reason you can't or a mental one.  Sorry.

The chips are incredibly flavorful, taste like the most excellent mix of corn, warm oil and salt-- what a combo.  And the salsa...oh, the salsa.  Get at least one and enjoy yourself.

Bottom line:  Stop by here before your next party and stock up.
Yummy fresh tortillas! 
Simple, no fuss. I'd get a big bag of blue corn tortilla chips. They last for a while and super easy to snack on and share. 
Note: they only have blue corn tortillas on the weekends! I hope they don't run out for the super bowl this weekend!
As if I even have to explain why this place needs 5 stars. But I will, just in case. DELICIOUS hot salsa. And it doesn't have weird cinnamon/nutmeg seasoning like some of the Mexican spots in Philly. (CA girl here) the tortillas are sooooo yummy. When you buy a bag they pull them hot off the tortilla machine!
As if I even have to explain why this place needs 5 stars. But I will, just in case. DELICIOUS hot salsa. And it doesn't have weird cinnamon/nutmeg seasoning like some of the Mexican spots in Philly. (CA girl here) the tortillas are sooooo yummy. When you buy a bag they pull them hot off the tortilla machine!
This was my first time in Tortilleria San Roman.  A friend recommended their corn tortillas so I had to give them a try.  They are very good and cheap! Their chips looked so good (I have heard they are good) but had to resist buying them...maybe next time!
Great place! I read the reviews and was super pumped to try out the fresh tortillas. The warm and fresh tortillas were as promised in the reviews - great tasting and inexpensive. The chips and salsa were also very high quality as well. I got both green and red salsa - the latter was extremely spicy for me but very good with the chips. Great service and would highly recommend to anyone for authentic tortilla, chips, and salsa!
How did I pass you by some many times over so many years Tortilleria San Roman. 
One stop shop for everything tortilla. The FRESHEST tortillas, chips and salsa at the best price point by far. My brother asked me stop by "That Place" on the strip and I was like "whaaaat?". Little corner store offering Mexican Staples - Tortillas and Salsa. I picked up the red salsa & small bag for my afternoon snack - FIRE in my mouth. I like the spice no diggity doubt but this one is like ghost attack. Let it set in for about 30 seconds and pass me a gallon of milk. Enjoyed the entire container ;-)
Now, i live in West Philly, where I can get pretty much every ethnic cuisine but Mexican. The thing is, I could live off beans and tortillas. That's what makes the tortilleria such a treat.

Fresh made tortillas. At a very good price. Really, $2 gives me more tortillas than I can possibly eat, and I can base every meal off those things. And they're still warm, not a month old and wrapped in plastic at the supermarket! Add some Mexican grocery items to keep you distracted? I'm sold!
Delicious Mexican food in Philly? Who would have thought?

It was very reminiscent of the delicious Mexican I had in LA and Chicago.
Very very good. 

The chips are the best I've ever eaten. The corn tastes heavenly. Perhaps a tiny bit extra oil than I would have liked, but they taste divine.

The corn tortillas come warm, fresh off a machine conveyer belt, and taste very good warm. I roasted them for about 3-4 minutes on a skillet after I came home, to make a little crisp and cook them a little more. 

Remember, they sell them by the kilo, at $2 per kilo. That gives you plenty of tortillas - maybe 30 or so. They're small though, and I finished each taco that I made using them, in about 4 bites. I plan to keep the remaining ones in the fridge, and I was told that in order for the tortillas to not stick to each other, I would have to separate them by hand first and then if I wanted, stack them back together. The stack of tortillas comes wrapped in paper, which was moist by the time I got home. So I separated them, re-stacked them, and then sealed them into a zip-lock bag. 

I was thinking of putting some in the freezer, but I don't know if they're taste the same after I defrost them. Something to experiment with.

The green salsa is a little tangy and very flavorful. The red salsa is also excellent. It is VERY hot, and I know that I've eaten very hot food in my life, and this one is right up there. Which is why, when  you drip a tiny amount on your taco, it adds immense amounts of flavor. Delicious.

I am definitely going back for the salsa, chips and tortillas.
We lived nearby and made this a regular weekly stop. Everything is delicious. Miss it -my family talks fondly of this place regularly
TSR is a tiny store front in the heart of the Italian market.  I had to check it out since it's gluten free and mostly vegetarian. Their items are made from very simple, wholesome ingredients.  I purchased a package of six of the tiacoyos - black beans with an outer corn tortilla shell for $4.75.  I had asked about the best way to eat them.  They said that they were okay to eat as is or I could cook them.  They were dry and somewhat tasteless as is, but the next day, I pan fried and topped them with my own home made guacamole and salsa.  They tasted like a meal that you would have at an upscale Mexican restaurant.  Also got a case of mangoes right outside their door for $5 that will make an excellent salsa.  Wish that I had known about this place sooner!
Delicious, warm tortillas right off the belt. For only $1.25 I got a half kilogram, so why would I ever go back to the grocery store for refrigerated tortillas. The guacamole was fantastic. The chips were great. The salsa was good, fresh, and VERY spicy. Definitely going back.
these tortillas will change your life. be sure to get a sample with salsa so you can taste the tortillas when they're fresh and warm. 

we were also able to ask the owner where to get some of the mole ingredients we couldn't find on our own while wondering around the italian market. 

true gem.
Simply the freshest corn tortillas around. However, they make large tortillas (4.5") which is the common size you'd find in a grocery market... IF ordering a large batch, make sure to ask for pickup in the morning to get the tortillas FRESH out the oven.
Recently, I had friends to work for a Mexican dinner and had my husband spin by TSR for tortilla chips, tortillas and salsa. The chips especially were so good, we were practically weeping with joy. GIGANTIC bag for $2 has got to be the Best Bargain in Philly. We used half that evening and my husband and I proceded to polish off the rest of the bag over the weekend. This is a problem! My friends have already asked me to deliver bags to them since they live in the burbs.

Anyway, this will surely be our go-to place for authentic Mexican food-fixings! Keep up the great work, guys!
On your stroll through the Italian Market, you could do a lot worse than score yourself a $1 ziploc bag of deliciously fresh, lusciously crispy, perfectly salty tortilla chips!

Of course, if you're planning to feed a small army, you double your money and get an entire KILO of these amazing chips for only $2.

Do it!

PARTING THOUGHT: Note that the Italian Market is not a good place to go if you are on a diet as extremely delicious fare abounds all around!!!  In fact, if you are on a diet, feel free to avoid Philadelphia completely!  There is way too much temptation in this city!
My one regret leaving this great town is not taking a stack of these tortillas with me. Perfectly balanced and warm out of the machine. This corner shop is small yet mighty and I totally get the hype. They sell an array of salsas in addition to delicious corn tortillas and chips - by far the best I've ever had. A stop not to be missed if you are strolling in the Italian market.
This small store front mass produces corn tortillas all day, every day. If you aren't interested in buying, go in and experience the production process as it's pretty cool. They have one large machine where they load in the corn dough and out comes tortillas. They serve them to you wrapped in paper and you can buy 1/2 kilo which is about 12 or a full kilo of 24ish. Super cheap too- half kilo is $1.25. 
They also make their own chips and have Mexican sodas and a few other food items for sale. 
You will want to eat the corn tortillas just as they are- warm and delicious!
Stock  up on all of your tortillas here. They are cheaper and tastier than any grocery store in Philly. Don't get your expectations too insanely high because of all these reviews. At the end of the day, they are just tortillas (but the best ones and cheapest ones in Philly).
Delicious and cheap! Authentic corn tortillas, delicious chips, awesome pico de gallo and guacamole. I got a big bag of chips, pico and guac for only $11. Chips are a bit hard than I expected. Very crunchy.
The best handmade tortillas were amazing. I used them the same day to make tacos and they were so good. First time coming to this establishment and will be coming back. They also have salsas and pico de Gallo.
I cannot say enough good things about this place. The tortillas, chips, and salsa are to die for. That said, the red sAlsa is insanely spicy. And I love spicy. So, if you go for the red - you may want to have a glass of milk nearby.
OMG! Those blue corn chips are the best I've ever had. Perfect crunch, perfect amount of oil, perfect amount of salt, excellent price. I would recommend you not leave here without buying some. 

The tortillas themselves are also excellent. They're are very reasonably priced, exceedingly fresh (warm!), and delicious.
If you're in Philly and you buy your tortillas from the grocery store, you're doing it wrong. Their tortillas will make your meal so much better. I appreciate that they stock pantry items as well. I recommend leaving with some Valentina and Sidral Mundet (apple soda) in addition to tortillas.
I'm a quiet person who lives a very solitary life and tends to avoid as much human interaction as possible.  And the only time I'm willing to leave the confines of my home is when I run out of these golden corn tortillas and need to venture down to Tortilleriea San Roman to order several more kilos.
Pleasant surprise over the weekend: in addition to the regular white corn ones, they make blue corn tortillas on the weekends. 

The blue corn tortillas taste more or less the same when you buy them, but when I roasted them slightly, they tasted better than the white corn ones!

The red salsa I bought today was a little less hot than the last time ~6 months ago. It is *perfect* now.
Had to grab chips and salsa from this place after checking out all the reviews. The green is very mild and goes well with their freshly-made chips which are also worth grabbing. However, the red salsa is ridiculously spicy and would go well with mixing into a dish rather than using for dipping chips into. Seriously, I eat chips and salsa most days of the week (easy way to get some carbs down) but they're not messing around with the red one.
Sitting in another restaurant right now. Make-your-own guacamole with 20 different options. Amazing gauc... But the tortilla? What's wrong... Why do these tortilla chips taste so horrible? 

Why, because I've been eating San roman tortilla for the last 2 weeks. Now, I'm completely ruined. Spoiled. How can I eat anything else?
Best corn chips...It will be hard to go back to other chips after tasting these fresh, crunchy, crispy chips unless you can make them this perfectly yourself.

A large bag of blue corn chips filled to the top of an extra large zip lock bag (at least a pound of chips) for $5.00. Worth every penny!!

Their home made red salsa is spicy and definitely hot! 

And about 30 fresh made tortillas for $2.00?? 

This was $10.00 well spent!!
A kilo of fresh, warm tortillas for $2?  Yes please!!

They are super friendly and will let you sample a warm tortilla or chips with the green or red salsas (which are also for sale).... mmm.
Any reviews under 5 stars for San Roman are craziness. I'm sorry but it's  true. This place is amazing. I want to sleep on a bed of their warm tortillas. I have rested my cheek on a half kilo before. Try it.
    Any party I throw involves their chips and salsa. If I offer the leftover chips to people they actually tend to take them home. Offer a quarter bag of Tostitos crumbs to your party guests and see if they are totally psyched to take them home. 
The squeaky sound of the tortilla oven is really cool and muy auténtico too.
Had to downgrade my review, unfortunately. Still great tortillas, but we just walked a half an hour from CC to South Philly after 1pm just so we could get blue corn (they only make them after 1), and they gave us regular ones. So, word to the wise, check if you are getting the right kind before you leave.
The tortillas at this tiny corner shop are incredible. This is all they do (some salsa as well) and they are masters. Located in the Italian market you have to look carefully or you'll walk right past.

You get a huge stack wrapped in paper for a couple dollars. First, you'll use the tortillas as a wrap for dinner foods, next you'll start looking for things to wrap that may or may not make sense, finally you'll be splashing them with salsa or green Tabasco - or just eating them plain.

It's a little bit of Mexico come to philadelphia.
Best chips, tortillas and red sauce I've ever had. And dirt cheap. Amazing!
No tortilla chip has ever compared. The others are like coffee grinds and San Roman is the coffee.

Do not be intimidated by the pronunciation of tortilleria. You say it like Tortilla followed by the latter half of, you know, loose motions.

The salsa are extremely hot. Watch your tongues.

Also, they make the tortillas on this machine directly behind the counter, so the place smells amazing, and you get to see the cute little circles rolling out of the conveyor belt. 

Def ten tortillas up!

Check these folks out.
I expected these tortillas to be good for Philly but, no, these are just the best tortillas I've ever tasted, period. 
I can't get over how flavorful they are. They are light and fluffy with a rich taste of fresh masa. They taste better than homemade tortillas (sorry mom) and seem like a different product altogether from dry supermarket tortillas. 
Plus, the owners are warm and friendly. 
Don't hesitate, go buy these!
NOT a restaurant - merely an open room tortilla bakery that sells warm tortillas over the counter.
Philly has arrived. Freshly made tortillas.  My kids beg me to go downtown and get them.  The supermarket kind just can't compare.  These roll so easily you can make anything with them.  Special orders for little restaurant style size are easily made.  Sunday they run the machine morning, so you can get them home and they will still be piping hot.  Worth the trip. The owner is very friendly too.
Awesome tortillas.  Incredible chips.  Best salsa verde I've ever had.  Yet to try the blue corn tortillas, but I've had the blue corn chips and they were great.  Reccommend it to anyone in the area.  These guys are masters of the few things that they make.  Definitely stop in!
Excellent chorizo and taco shells...love this place.  Chorizos have the kind of heat that grows slowly...wife is there weekly!
This place makes me happy to live in South Philadelphia.  

Walk in and get a HUGE bag of FRESH tortilla chips for CHEAP.  Try some HOT SALSA too.   Grab some good cheese from across the street and go home and make some RAD nachos. 

Or just get some fresh tortillas -- steamy and soft and ready to go.
obviously, you should always get your corn tortilla's here. it tastes amazing and is as fresh as it gets. They are located in the italian market. service is friendly and they take credit card. The salsa's here are not my absolute favorite because of how incredibly spicy everything was. we got an avocado salsa which was more on point than the red salsa but still, it was pretty spicy.
As people have mentioned. it's delicious and very cheap! If I were you, i'd just get the chips and tortilla's here and make your own salsa at home (at least I'm pretty sure that's what I'll be doing next time)
best chips ever.  small place, 150 degrees at all times.  get in, hand them your money, and leave before you melt.  then enjoy your delicious chips somewhere cooler.  

totally worth the 30 seconds of heat though.
The chips.  They are so good.  I have no salsa, no sour cream, no cheese... they are still well on their way to extinction.
We recently heard the buzz about tortilleria san roman and just happened to be having taco tuesday at our house this week so figured we give it a shot!  It was the best decision I have made this week :).  30 tortillas for $2.00 was just the tip of the iceberg on how great this place is.  They were warm when we purchased them and so fresh.  They were hearty and light at the same time with such a wonderful flavor.  We also opted for a bag of the blue corn tortilla chips as well.  Couldn't have asked for a better taco fiesta dinner. Will be returning soon and will NEVER buy store made tortillas again! Now just have to find out if they freeze well?
