I am VERY sad to say we just can't order from Toto's anymore. Ill be honest, the pizza is really good, and is our favorite in the area. Unfortunately, the ordering and delivery process is a huge pain in the butt far too often. Several Times we have called and been left on hold for huge amounts of time and completely forgotten while we listen to the girl who answers the phone have a personal conversation in the background.. A few times our pizza order took well over an hour with not even an apology when we called to inquire. Twice, their online ordering system failed to work and our food never came even though we were charged. Another time we called in our order and when we called an hour later they had forgotten our order entirely. Finally, there were two occasions where they brought the wrong food completely. 

Why have we tried so many times? The pizza is the best we've found in the area. Unfortunately it's just not worth the hassle. As I type I'm waiting for an order I put in well over an hour ago...and when we called...the girl told us it was only 45 min. We didn't even argue. Just not worth it to eat from Toto's. Bummed.
It's too bad this is the best pizza in the area. It typically takes 2 hours to get delivery. What a waste.

Make that 3 hours for delivery. When we called - they LIED to us. Twice.
Had been ordering from Toto's for years as they are right across the street.  Their pizza's have always been consistently good, NY style Neapolitan w a thin droopy crust and consistent w the toppings.  Their Sicilian has always been excellent, 2" w a light airy crust and delicious toppings as usual.

Called, identified myself and ordered the Sicilian special w 5 toppings.  I walked across the street and a new guy identified himself and said that the pizzeria was under new ownership and that the Sicilian special was no longer on the menu.  Strange to relate that in fact the special was on the internet menu and this guy was either lying or mistaken.  I paid by credit card and this "new guy" reads my name aloud including my middle name.  What an A-hole!.  

Got home with my Sicilian and the dough was not the light, airy dough we were used to, but looked and tasted like a couple of regular pizza doughs that were folded over.  The toppings were not the same.  

I'm so sorry but the real Toto's has gone away.  The new manager or owner, or whatever he is was totally rude.  The quality of the pizza has gone way downhill.  As much as I'd like to walk across the street because of the convenience, I think we're gonna to find another quality pizzeria that offers quality food as well as friendly and warm staff.
Not sure what happened to this place in the last few months. Maybe new owners. The service is so bad that I am tempted to not go in there at all anymore. The girls behind the counter are so rude and could care less a about the customers. You can't understand them on the phone. This place used to be so good to go to. Pizza is still good but not worth it to have to deal with the customer service.
The pizza tasted like cardboard. And the owner is an asshole.
Bring back Ben and the old Toto's.
Three strikes and I'm done.  After almost a year off we tried to order again to see if they'd fixed their horrendous organization skills.  

The food arrived promptly and as we unwrapped it, talking about how we'd been screwed in the past, we were screwed again when one of us discovered their order was wrong.  Her steak sandwich, ordered via GrubHub, with a very explicit "NO CHEESE" in the comments came slathered in melted slices of American.  To add insult to injury the receipt stapled to the bag clearly said "NO CHEESE" as well.

We immediately called and they sent out a new steak sandwich at no charge, that arrived over an hour later.  Why they can't seem to pull their heads out of their #$% I do not know, but I am officially done with them.

As I've stated in the past, its a shame because they have pretty decent food.  They are just completely unable deliver food as ordered.  Especially orders from GrubHub.  They come in clearly printed text, no garbled phone calls or mumbled speech plain, clear as crystal text on paper or screen.  To not be able to follow written instructions on an order form that YOU DESIGNED blows my bloom'n mind.
After waiting over two and half hours for our pizza to be delivered, we received our pizza. You would think since they took two hours to "perfect" this pizza it would be utter perfection. WRONG! all the cheese on the pizza was on the top of the box. What a disappointment. I would NEVER order from here or ever recommend anyone to go here. I can hand make you a better pizza and get it to you in a timely manner. How this place is still in business is beyond me.
We ordered a pizza, salad, and garlic knots from Toto's last night only to wait about 2 hours to get our food.  When our food arrived, the pizza was doughy and definitely not completely baked.  When we opened our bag, we didn't have our garlic knots.  When I called for them, they said they had been out of the knots for some time (so it made me wonder if they knew they didn't have them when they sent my driver with the order, but just didn't care because they already charged me for them) and offered me a store credit for my next order.  Well, I was very nice and said "no, thank you - I do not want the store credit, I would like my money," and this made the woman I was speaking with very annoyed. Begrudgingly, she said they would send the driver back with the cash.  Guess what?  We never got our money and no one ever called us to explain why.  I work 60 hour work weeks and just wanted to go to bed early, but stayed up waiting for a driver that never came.... horrible service.  Not to mention, this was not the first time we waited so long and our pizza was not baked completely, but we thought we would give Toto's one more try. We will never again order from this place; they have horrible customer service and delivery speed.
The pizza isn't bad, but the wait times for delivery are god awful. I call 1 hour after placing my order to see where my food is at, but they state they are waiting for a driver. 

I won't be ordering from this place again, they really need to get their act together.

EDIT:

After waiting 3 hours, I was informed that they never received my order from their website. Just awful...
Ordered through GrubHub tonight.  Order was placed at 6:15 and expected delivery was 7:25-7:35.  We called the restaurant at 8:15 and were told our food was made and out for delivery (we live 2 miles from the restaurant).  At 9:10 we left the house to go get something to eat before everything else closed.  Toto's never showed, never called, and refused to refund.  Will not order from these jokers again.
Pizza was horrible...unevenly cooked...not Like Previous  owner Ben...The atmosphere has changed..Not crowded any more...
What do I not love about having such a gem within walking distance? Delightfully friendly, hardworking staff, reasonable prices and tasty food. You can order online via GrubHub, which is nice. I've done it for delivery (on horribly rainy nights. I know. Yes, I'm that person...) and for pickup and although I'm not entirely issue free with the organizational workflow of that process, it won't deter me from going back because I appreciate good, always-served-fresh-n-hot food and the honest, sincere people who work at Toto's.

For some reason I do get a hankering ever so often for their crispy wings. I mean, personally I'll eat a chicken wang any which way but raw, but their crispy wings give me happy Fat Bastard feelings. 

And then I put them in my belly.

The pizza selection is pretty solid with a nice variety. For me their base sauce always runs a little saltier than I like, but I've been sampling other areas of the menu and haven't been disappointed yet. 

It's mega busy on Friday nights, and there's usually a pretty steady stream on other nights around dinner time so just be mindful of that, especially if you're placing a delivery order.
we love this pizza joint in mt airy! after practically giving up on finding decent pizza in the northwest we stumbled upon toto's and only get our pizza from here now. they are quick to fill orders, have delish salads and an assortment of toppings, even some unique/interesting kinds. they have even deliver all the way down to us in germantown!! i would recommend them to any neighborhood friends
The absolute worst pizza in the neighborhood!  Tonight was my first visit. It was cold and rainy and the fact that I could just pull up enticed me to try it. Got there @ 7:30, after work and starving. I ordered and an hour later, after they got my order wrong, I left.  The ladies were friendly enough, but I repeated my order several times. They forgot the pepperoni, so they added it on and baked it again.  I would have left with out the pizza, but I was sooo hungry and it was so late. The pizza had stale flavors, though it was heavy (too heavy) with my two toppings.  Anyway, I won't go back. Too many other good options even if parking can be a challenge.
The pizza snob that I am, this is the only pizza place I actually like in my neighborhood. There's just the right balance of cheese, sauce and crust. And I really like their sauce. Besides pizza, I always love their hot wings and they have the really good onion rings. I like too that they have several pizzas already made and you can order different varieties by the slice. Today I tried a slice of their Sicilian for the first time and thought it was fabulous.

I wasn't too wild about the Italian hoagie I had there awhile ago, but I've been please with anything else I've tried. 

I do look forward to trying more on the menu. I see they have different varieties of tomato pie and I'm very curious about how that is.
Had to change my initial review from 4 stars to 1 because of the ongoing poor service. Here's why:  
1.Their delivery service is horrendous. Every time I ordered delivery from them the order has been wrong (EVERYTIME) and late. If you decide to order takeout, add an hour to the time they give you. That's how bad they are. 
2. Surly counter-person. There is an older woman who works the counter. Let's just say she must have issues going on at home. Why? Because she obviously detests customers regardless of how kindly they speak to her.
3. The food is ok but not worth the aforementioned reasons. Avoid.
I hate to bring down the ratings with my experience, but there's a disclaimer that I did not try the pizzas yet and have only had their specialty sandwiches (which are hoagies). I'll have to try the pizza some other time. Inside looked pretty well kept for a local pizzeria and the outside looks nice. It's in a small plaza with 2-3 other shops -- a cleaner and Family Dollar. 

I got the Godfather Special which was proscuitto, fresh mozzarella, soppressata, red onions (a lot!), and roasted peppers. All the ingredients sounds good, but it was just meh and really bland. I had to add my own oregano when I got home to get some extra seasoning. The bread was really soft and chewy, but guess it's better than being stale. The mozzarella had no flavor.

I never knew how good I had it when I was close to Cut Above Deli or Cosmi's Deli until now.
This place is the worst!  They took forever to deliver my order.  Showed up and the order was wrong.  My fries were so cold, and the food all together was horrible.  I called to complain, the woman who answered said she's not the person who got the order wrong and they had a lot of orders.  She was excusing the poor service with volume.  I explained to her that she was representing the company so whether she got it wrong or not, she should take the necessary steps to correct it.  She then told me it would be another 30 minutes before bringing my correct order and they are only 1 minute from my house.  She then got an attitude when I mentioned the timeframe not being sufficient since I already had to wait an hour for the wrong order to be delivered.  There was no reason they shouldn't have made my order a priority.  I spent over $50 in one order. My money doesn't seem welcome here and after the service I received, I will no longer be ordering from here.  I don't recommend you order from here either.
I've ordered from Toto's in the past. It's super close and the food is usually pretty average. Tonight we ordered from them and waited for literally four hours for our order to show up. We called them three times and each time they said they were on the way and would be here in a few minutes. On the third call, they said they never received our order and would make it now. At this point, I didn't even want it anymore but the only thing they would offer was a free 2 liter soda. When pushed, they gave a 5 dollar discount to a place I will never order from again. If you want average food that may take up to four hours to get to your place, then this is the place for you. If you'd like to get your food in decent time, and correctly, go elsewhere.
Best pizza in Mt Airy, if you can get it.  Two hour delivery times on week nights and screwed up orders are the normal of the day.  Even when submitting them online, and typing things out, they find a way to screw it up or forget items.

I really want to love them but for every successful order there's literally four screwed up ones.
Good food but it still comes down to service it takes way too long time for delivery and when you call someone it seems like they always have an attitude. I'm very curtious I will wait in the door for the arrival time but it's always way underestimated by an extra hour. So I will wait for a call.

I can't believe 2 hours they just lost a customer...The driver asked for my address called twice and gave with my phone number same as online order
Me thinks I have a confession to make:  I am a lover.  My lover is a lover, of me, also a lover.  Being that we are both lovers, we tend to take many a lovers walk.  On one such lovers walk, we found ourselves at the Upsal train station, hungry for something other than love for once.  You see, it had been several hours since we had gorged ourselves on moussaka and spanish peanuts in the hot tub of the esteemed Welshly Arms hotel.  Though the severe rashes my lover and I acquired in the hot tub bothered us not, we were forced to leave by a member of the staff and an official from the Board of Health.  Thus, hours later, we were at the Upsal train station, practicing Kama Sutra positions and laughing heartily under a tree of uncertain origins.  
While crouched in a pose that enflamed my back and my heart, I spied Toto's Pizzeria across the avenue.  Lover arm in arm, we sauntered across the way, stopping so I could give a vigorous kick to the car of a man, obviously not a lover, who almost killed me and my lover as we stepped into the street.  
Upon entering Toto's, my lover's excitement reached a fever pitch, as she removed pan pipes from her bag and began to play native music.  She stopped only to take small nibbles of my buffalo chicken slice, the tart tang of the hot sauce complimented by the divine creaminess of the bleu cheese.  Of the regular slice, the sauce was so heavenly it was as if it came straight from the teet of Shiva, the cheese from tusks of Ganesha.  My body tingled with such vigor and excitement I knew I must have achieved Nirvana.  It was only later that I realized that earlier, I must have done my Kama Sutra on an ant hill.  
My lover and I exited, bellies full of exquisite pizza, anxious to avoid any authorities that may have been alerted as to our presence.  As my good friend, and sometimes lover, Walter says: "Bingo."  Bingo indeed.  If you ever wish for a slice of delicious pizza to fill your mouth and cover your face with deliciousness, and somebody suggests Totos....Bingo.
Toto's used to be a great option for delivery. Recently, their delivery service has deteriorated. The last two times I ordered from them have confirmed that they have lost me as a customer. Seriously, they f**ked up two of my orders IN A ROW. 
Screwup #1: I ordered 2 slices of pepperoni pizza. When the order came, I opened the box and saw two slices of undercooked plain pizza, covered in raw flour, and a single pepperoni thrown in the box.

Screwup #2: it took an hour and a half for me to get my order. When it arrived, my meatball parm sub was cold and the bread was slimy and soggy. I nearly threw up, when I took a bite. I ended up throwing out the entire sub. For that error, they were "kind" enough to refund me $3. That disgusting sandwich cost a bit more than that. 

In a nutshell: order delivery at your own risk.
UPDATE:  Dropping to one star after repeated screw ups and insanely long (2-3 hour) delivery times.  Orders put in online should not have mistakes like wrong toppings or incorrect items.  If anything it should improve performance by removing any kind of mis-hearing.

My favorite pizza in Mt Airy with good cheese steaks to boot.

My only complaint is when they start to get busy they completely fall apart organizationally.  Orders take forever, come out wrong or are forgotten.  Walking in to even pick up a pie on a Saturday or Friday would make you think they were the premier pizza place in the city.

Love their pizza still, but getting it can be impossible.
Toto's is the nastiest place I've ever been to in my entire life. Every time I go there I'm grossed out.  last night I got an Italian hoagie and I swear to God the meat must have been from a raccoon or a possum or a rat because I've never seen smelled or tasted any type of meat like this in my life it was f****** disturbing. Warning don't eat their meat at Toto's! I'm only rating this place a 1 because I have to click a damn star but otherwise I wouldn't rate it anyting
My friend just moved to Mt. Airy and we were not feeling up to making anything. We ordered in a pizza ( eventhough we could walk!)

The delivery was fast. The pizza was cheap 11.50 pie  fed three girls and two slices leftover! The guy forgot my diet pepsi and ran back to get it! Super sweet! The lady who took the order on the phone was a little gruff.

The pizza was good, nothing to write home about. The sauce is a little sweet. The cheese is good. The crust had too much flour left on it! 

If I'm ever here again I think we might go to tiffin next time!
The pizza here is really good. Mostly the service is pretty good,  but even when you have to deal with a rude person now and again you will still be delighted that you have a great pizza!
I wish there was a way to give less than one star. I do not know why occasionally we give them another try but tonight is the last time. Though having now read the other reviews I don't have anything new to add. The delivery service is the very worst. As delivery is mainstay of a pizza place this is ridiculous. After waiting an hour we called and were told it was out for delivery. After another 45 minutes I called and no one had any idea what we ordered though they did have my name. Nothing was ever cooked and though there were only two, extremely unintelligent and rude women working the phone, both denied speaking to me on the first call to check in. It is sad that a small business in a small town like Mt Airy does not care to provide good service. As my complaint mirrors dozens of others it doesn't matter to the owner or employees. Will not spend my money there again.
I don't get why people love this place.. or maybe I just tried them on an off day . I ordered a cheese pizza for delivery and on top of the fact that it was cold it  was bland .. I warmed it up in my oven and nothing ..same bland taste ....The cheese,the sauce everything was tasteless and rubbery .. sorry yelp u ruined my dinner ... YUUCK!
Are you kidding me?  This place is my new favorite Philly eatery.  Everyone who works there was extremely friendly and they started making our pizza almost before we even finished ordering it.  It didn't take long at all and they delivered it to our table with pleasant smiles and paper plates.  The pizza itself was delicious.  It was the perfect balance of melty cheese and sweet, savory sauce and a crisp and floury crust.  The slices were huge and perfect for folding and eating.  I'm pretty sure that I'll be making a stop here every time I pass through this city!
This is by far disappointing pizzeria. We ordered today from GrubHub and first I got a call that they weren't going to make the order. Then the agreed to make our slices. However they arrived under cooked and cold. The "Margarita Pizza" which was to have Fresh Mozzarella and Romano cheese Basil, and red Chunky plum tomatoes just had cold mozzarella and sauce on it. The "Mama's Pizza" did not have the Extra Virgin Olive Oil or Garlic but had the sauce slopped on. We got the  "Grilled chicken pesto" slice and that one DIDN'T have red sauce like it was supposed to!! Clearly they don't know they're OWN MENU! This was the 2nd time I tried ordering from them the first time they didn't know they had the Grilled Chicken Pesto Pizza on their menu. I was in a bind and needed to order food in today so I thought I would give them another shot. Clearly THAT WAS A MISTAKE!! Maybe they need to take items off their menu if they're UNABLE TO PREPARE THEM. Our food was inedible and I encourage anyone to not waste your time on this place.
I was in the mood for pizza, not just any ordinary pizza like Papa Johns or Dominos, but Totos. I stumbled upon this wonderland on yelp without ever hearing about this place before. So why not take the risk and try an unfamiliar place? WOW, this pizza is bad ass. I ordered the sicilian style pizza with ground beef, green peppers, mushrooms and onions and it was loaded with all the above (however the ground beef was more like beef stick, minor glitch and i accepted it). I thought i could hammer down 4-5 slices but the slices were thick and heavy and I championed only 1.5 slices. I still have a whole pie left and I look forward to every slice. The crust is perfect, not a lot of grease, a good crunch and thick. The sauce is perfect with a good spice and sweetness to it. The toppings are fresh and loaded. 

A win for the local pizza shop!
Horrible. I just paid 15 dollars for a "godfather special" and a can of sanpellegrino. That's a COLD sub and a Can of soda. It  took over and hour and a half to be delivered.  The meat is so skimpy and not very good.  NEVER AGAIN.
Service is paramount.  You can have the best food in town, but when you do not have quality employees who treat customers as significant factors to the busines-you fail.  My orders never really deliver on time, and that's ok.  But tonight, in particular, my promised 30 minute order, turned into 55 minutes.  No biggie.  However, when it arrived, it was cold.  I immediately called Toto's to let them know about the issue.  The order taker, a female, talked over me as I tried to express my frustration.  She kept telling me 'my order is on the way' (even though I had already recieved it) attempting to get me off the phone to assist the customers in front of her.  She yelled at me and said, "it's busy."  I told her (quote-because she clearly did not care about my issue, since she didn't even let me tell her I had recieved my food) "I don't care that you're busy."  She threw phone down, not hanging it up, allowing me to listen to her rant to the customers before her calling me profane names-my phone record shows how long I listened to her.  She told a customer, "she can come down here and see me"-in a threatening tone.  Had your order taker simply said, "PLEASE HOLD ON"...or "I'M SORRY" I would never be on Yelp placing my formal complaint.
To add further insult, I attempted to call back and she was even worse-told me to call the owner and hung up.  As a manager to over 100 employees, I'd rather deal one on one with an establishment opposed to venting on the internet.  I'm a regular customer and was simply not satisfied with reheating a pizza in my oven, after paying for it.  You can reheat good food.  No biggie.  But to verbally abuse a paying customer...? I'll pass.
My to go for crispy buffalo wings sooooooo good. 

I'm not a fan of the pizza

Delivery guy is a grump but when I pick up, the staff are always friendly
Horrible customer service!! It has changed hands and the people that run it now are rude when you discuss any problem or have a question. I've gone there for a long time, but no more!
This pizza is ok... the folks there are cool & friendly... but the sandwiches, burgers & french fries here are, surprisingly, very good!!
Great pizza place.  The owner is very accomodating. My son and I stumbled in to get shelter from the storm last week and we are glad we did.  We are ordering delivery this week and will try their wings.
This place is 6 min away from my house, the very first time I ordered from here I called at 8:42pm , I was told my food should be there in 35-45 min, After about an hour I called back and the lady who answered said the driver is on its way it's is almost 10:30 and they're closed and I'm still waiting on my food, Don't waste your time
Ordered a pizza... Asked for a crispier crust. Pizza was basically soup... Everything literally falls off the pizza. The cheese, meats, and you're left w/nothing but a soggy crust that's paper thin. Just awful all around.
They pizza is just meh and the service is the WORST.  The last time I went in for a pick up order, the two women behind the counter were arguing and cursing at each other.  One of the women called the other a "fat bitch."  This is completely unacceptable behavior in a place of business and I will never order from Toto's again.
Food is ok, depends on who's working (chef and cashier).  I order chicken tenders and fries. The food was cold and they gave me a chicken breast and some wings. I called and they said they would bring over a new platter with chicken tenders. They never came back and they stopped answering their phone. If you do order from Toto's, don't do delivery. Go inside and check your food before you leave!
Good food, but I ordered and went elsewhere for diet soda, came back and it's 30+ minutes later and they just decided to put in another pie for me. I've been given a wrong pie, they've tried to give me 2 other pies, then I was given a medium pie in an large box that was someone else's. 1 large pie,  1/2 sausage, mushroom, x cheese and  1/2 pepperoni, x cheese. Is that so hard?
Not the best pizza in town and delivery took way to long. I would not recommend this pizza place. They have so called gourmet pizza with gourmet prices. Not worth your money!
I just ordered from Toto's.  I ordered a pepperoni pizza.  It's not bad. It's not greasy.  It's a little bland though.

I guess that's all I have to say about it!
My previous review highlighted the problems this restaurant had delivering food on time.  I'm happy to report that they've improved their service. I hope it continues.
I placed two orders - one online, then when I called the lady said they were having problems with the system.  So I placed an order over the phone. Then it took another hour to get that order processed and delivered. The food is not worth waiting for more than two hours. I'll go elsewhere.
My patience has worn thin.  I think I'm done with Toto's for good.  I went in for a simple slice of pizza the other night and I waited for 15 minutes for the counter person to figure out the register. It looked like a cave woman  seeing fire for the first time. I just left.
Good pizza.
Friendly service. Everything i have had from here has been good. It's no 'In Riva'
But it makes a good lunch stop.
First time ordering from Toto's and did so online through Menufy. Delivery took about 20 mins longer than was estimated, no big deal. Cheerful delivery guy. My Hawaiian pizza with added mozzarella and artichokes (these, as is virtually always the case, came out of a can) was remarkably laden with ingredients, a feast for the eyes. It was rich and flavorful but the crust was quite sodden except around the edges. Also, the crust (white flour) had a peculiar flavor; it tasted like saltines or pretzels, distractingly so. I like pizza crust to have a pleasingly yeasty flavor and to not be overly salted. My partner's stromboli was a beautiful immense crescent, a burnished golden tone (do they paint it with an egg wash?). Inside were copious amounts of mozzarella, mushrooms, bell peppers, fresh spinach and eggplant, but also an overly generous helping of ricotta, which made it sloppy and quite difficult to serve and eat. The white-flour stromboli shell also had that odd saltine-pretzel flavor and, like the pizza, was breadlike rather than doughlike (did not have the typical chewiness). Overall the pizza and stromboli were not bad; they were just overladen/overfilled and sloppy, tricky to serve and eat, and the crust could use some tweaking to correct the flavor and give it that chewy-crisp quality.
"Avoid Friday nights if you are hungry."

Also Thursdays.  

So maybe I was too forgiving in first review. Toto, you need to improve your timing or organization or something! Your food is too good to be a source of frustration and exasperation for your customers.
We order from totos once a week, minimum. Enjoy the guys that work there and pizza is pretty good.
Pizza was Good!!! The Salad SUCKED!!!!
We ordered a half Veggie  Pizza which was great! I also ordered a salad 
that SUCKED!!! Brown lettuce, brown celery and dried up carrots:/ NEVER AGAIN!!!
I have to agree about thedifference since new ownership took over. I used to order from them a lot ,everything was consistently good,now either they screw up my order or the food is just not up to par. Last week i ordered a pasta dish that had more cheese then I've ever seen and was a goopy,greasy mess. When i called i was put on hold and they never got back to me.Ciao Toto's. I won't be coming back
I was there today with my 8yr old son. Turns out there was an incident in the parking lot that the staff was watching through their glass door. A man had pulled a gun on another man in the course of an argument. My son and I walked out into the parking lot not realizing what they were all watching. Honestly I can't believe the fact that they did not say anything to us as we walked out into that. Also the pizza was super greasy.
Tried Toto's again, stopped by to pick up steak hoagies on the way home from work.  Just right ... one of the best hoagies I've ever had.  Glad we decided to give them another chance!
This was my second time patronizing Totos' pizzeria on Green Street. On my first occasion my food was not ready when promised and the wait was longer than it should have been. Today was my second visit and upon my arrival something was wrong with the register and the girls told me i couldn't use cash . finally i get home and my buffalo wings were as tough as leather
 I called the store explained the situation she asked me to hold for manager then the same woman came back to the phone and told me she didn't lnow what to do sorry she said
 Can u imagine such gteat customer service
Too bad I'm giving this place only 1 star considering how close I live to it. While it's geographically convenient, they don't have their #$^ together, which results in constantly incorrect orders! Order no onions? You get extra onions! Order extra cheese?  You get no cheese at all. After several attempts, pleas, and polite feedback, I'm done. Toto's will not get another dime of my money.
Went to pick up pizza, fries and mozzarella sticks I ordered in the 20 minutes they said it would be ready and the front clerk says oh we forgot to make your pizza. NO APOLOGIES. Then says we'll make it now. Another 15 minutes later the pizza was ready after having to stand outside in the cold while 8 months pregnant because I had my jumpy chihuahua with me. I checked my fries and mozzarella sticks which were cold and asked for hot food. AGAIN NO APOLOGIES. Took it back and made me new ones. Didn't offer for me to keep the first batch. Didn't offer a free drink. This is the 4th time I've ordered from this place... Never under $30 and I just moved here 30 days ago. Their customer service beyond sucks and they apparently don't give a crap if they screw you over. I'll now pay for delivery elsewhere.
My husband and I sometimes order from Totos and th food is good, nothing amazing.   This past weekend however,  when we ordered, the delivery guy came with only half of our order.  He went back for the rest but there were still items missing and he brought us the wrong drinks.  We were told that our money would be refunded but are now getting the run around.  What a horrible experience. We will never order from there again.  Clearly no one ever told them the customer is always right.  What a mess.
Ever since I moved to the Germantown/West Mt. Airy area ( which was about 5 years ago) I have frequent Toto's. They know me by name :-) I love this place. They are always friendly and the food is great. My fav is their chicken cheese steaks. I always get hot peppers and sometime mushrooms. Just had one last night. It was delicious as always.  
Their pizza is also yummy! But Being a Philly girl, I love my chicken cheese steaks and not everyone in Philly knows how to make them. Toto's has it down. Awesome. 
Even if you don't live in the area you should definitely check them out, it will be worth the trip.
The pizza is great!! Closest thing I had to NY pizza here in Philly. The two star rating is because they hired invalids to take your order. Constantly making mistakes. So I tried to order online instead.... TOTAL FAIL!!! I wait for 15 minutes to leave the house. It takes about ten minutes for me to get there and.... MY PIZZA WAS JUST  GOING INTO THE OVEN!!!! After waiting for my pizza to come out.... IT WAS WRONG!!!! I waited for my order to get redone because I think they have the best pizza in the city but if I don't know if I can go through this again....
Under new management this place doesn't even resemble what it had always been. Owner wears this shirt that says Giuseppe, probably not even his name. Pizza not the same and Giuseppe is a Douche bag.  I won't be back until they change management again. The way this guy came in, can't imagine it will take long.
It was passable pizza. Definitely not bad. 

On the other hand, it hardly blew my mind, and it took an hour to deliver. This place is barely a mile from me, and we ordered early on a weeknight. No excuses. 

Overall, better than Domino's, but barely.
How do you not show up with someone order. I placed an order for my family as a treat coming home from work. 8:21pm and hour later I called back because it wa s over an hour and I did not want my little girls eating so late. The lady said oh I have your food the driver will be there shortly. No one ever game my daughters are the best I already made them something else they were happy I know how to improvise. But for this establishment that's horrible how can you have ok food but horrible service and not show or call but the customer have to call to remind you .
We order pizza a LOT in the neighborhood, and one day we decided to try Toto's. We are SO glad we did!!! Their sicilian pizza is AMAZING! Oh, and I don't know what that other guy was talking about- we've been in there lots of times and everyone is always so incredibly friendly and nice and cracking jokes with us and stuff. Service is great.
We've picked up at Toto's fifty times, with fifty wildly different customer service experiences, ranging from delightful, to puzzling, to downright absurd.

Delightful: called from Chestnut Hill Hospital one minute before they closed on a Friday, and they not only took our order, but basically kept the place open so that we could get our pizza.

Puzzling: Despite placing an identical order nearly every time, I have never paid exactly the same price for my large pizza with pepperoni, mushroom, and onion.

But the pizza: it's good.  Like, really good.  Like, so good there's almost nothing (customer service-wise) Toto's could do to keep me from coming back.  Plus, the unpredictability just adds to the charm.
I just had to write a review! I am on Yelp all the time and benefit from the many of you who review on here. Since moving to Germantown I have been in search for a good local pizza place but all the ones I have tried end up being a very strange rendition of what I'd consider good pizza. It seems like there is a unique Germantown style pizza that in my opinion is no better than a frozen pizza. After reading reviews here I decided to give Toto's a try, but very reluctantly. We ordered a large plain pizza and pepperoni calzone. It was very very good. The service was quick, food was hot and fresh, ordering was very pleasant, and the delivery driver was very nice! All in all, some of my favorite pizza! Can't wait to try some other things on the menu.
This pizza is as NY slice size, the sauce has great. I come from NJ for work and have to stop here for a slice.... It's so good.
The pizza and the wings are usually very delicious. We usually pick up pizzas from here when we have people over. The customer service is not always the best. Typically, the women answering the phone are fine. Occasionally, there is a very impatient guy working there. He is very dismissive and it is a bummer. 

A lot of the reviews are talking about the wait time. I have nothing to add to that because we have never ordered delivery from them. This place would definitely have better reviews if they got their customer service together.
I've been ordering from here about a year and  lately the service is getting worse and worse. For starters I'm glad they got rid of the younger girl that would answer the phone and work the register because she was extremely rude. However now the problem is they always mess up your order. They constantly mix up the order even after you question them. You have to actually open up the food to show them look this is wrong and is someone else's. Another problem I have is the pizza is never hot. The last time I went which was yesterday I ordered 2 Sicilian slices to go extra hot. I literally live around the corner and still had to wait and reheat the slices once I got home. This happened twice in one week. So I'm pretty much done with them and will be going to Evo's which is about 4 minutes away.
YES! So glad to find my go-to pizza place in Mt. Airy (and they deliver). Ordered a sausage and green pepper pie from here and buffalo wings. Extremely tasty and you could tell the ingredients are fresh.

Anxious to try more items on the menu when I don't feel like cooking.
You only got 2 stars Because the pizza was O K. 
But the mild sauce for the wings came out to be no sauce. And the cheese steak....well y'all should be ashamed to live in philly and serve this bitch ass, no meat having, smushed up roll weaksteak.
Im delivery driver in totos .
We love our costumers nd we doing our best to be there on time with the food hot nd nice. 
Unfortunately a lot a costumers took time to show up or they dont answer the phone while other people food is waiting to be delivered.
PLEASE ANSWER YOUR PHONE WHEN U ORDER A FOOD .   THANK U.
Dry and tasteless..pizza tasted like card board...my night is over..horrow is not the word..sick..
I placed an order for the first time through EatStreet and called an hour later wondering where my order was. They apparently "hadn't received it" and didn't seem to care. It's not worth my time trying to get food from this place if I have to chase them down.
