Apparently, the larger pizza chains close after a certain time, leaving you in the lurch if you have hunger pangs in the middle of the night. Who will come to the rescue? Tower Style Pizza, that's who: they continue to take orders and deliver pies until 4:30 AM[1].

We called in a request for a large pepperoni pizza that set us back about $18[2]. The deliveryman arrived about 20-minutes early (we were quoted a 30 to 45-minute wait, I think?), handing us piping-warm goodness.

Even under the influence, we could still tell the pizza was bad for human consumption - it's greasy[3] as all get-out - yet we still devoured it in no time flat. With the exception of a pleasantly crispy crust, Tower Style isn't quality pizza - not even close - but they provide a valuable service, pizza pies delivered to your door after a long night of partying.

[1] Maybe I misheard the deliveryman? Their web site states they will deliver all hours.
[2] Are my notes lying to me again? Doubt it was that pricey, as their menu shows a 14" single-topping pizza to be $8.25.
[3] Even as I type this, I still feel the grease slopping through my veins.
Where do I begin????? I didn't even get to taste the food. Let's start with that. I placed an order for delivery at about 1:50 AM. Late, yes, but when you're up studying and you're on a roll some food and coffee will take you through. When I called and placed my order, I was told it was cash only. Okay fine I can dig that especially since it's one of  the only places open at this hour willing to deliver. I was told 30-45 minutes. 

After a whole hour and no food I decided to call. They hung up on me and told me that they couldn't deliver to me because I was too far. I called back and this time (same guy since the very first phone call) said oh yeah your food is on the way, he already left. At this point I've made up my mind that they probably aren't coming with anything and after about 15 minutes of studying, I decided to call it a night. No food, no fuel. In the time I waited for them I could have made a quick run to the Wawa or 7 eleven to put something in my stomach.

As I lay in bed, low and behold 3 calls from the delivery driver at 4 AM telling me that my food is here. I finally picked up the 3rd after listening to the voicemail they'd left and I simply told him that I ordered well over 2 hours ago and no longer want the food. 

NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER! ORDER FROM HERE. In my short life I have never had an experience such as this. Perhaps because I am used to the late night spots and efficiency I can find in NYC and DC  when I need my late night junk food fix, but Philly definitely disappointed. Tower Style Pizza most of all. I feel lucky to have not tried the food since other reviewers found it simply disgusting. At least no money wasted here, just time.
Zero stars. One of the weirdest experiences ever. Was having slices with a huge group of friends (like 6 or so people) and all of a sudden these two women walk in and order and then sit down to eat at the table behind us. Well this stupid restaurant owner thinks its a better idea to let people eat and then pay when they leave. Its basically a takeout restaurant. Who does that? It would be much smarter for us to pay when we order at the counter and pick up our food like EVERY OTHER FAST FOOD RESTAURANT. Anyway, these women finish eating and just leave. The owner starts screaming at us in broken English, "THEY NO PAY!!! HEY! HEY! THEY NO PAY FOR FOOD!!" It took us like a while to figure out what the hell he was even saying and then one of the guys with us ran out the door to try and catch them but they were already gone while the rest of our group is trying to explain to this guy, who speaks almost no English, that we don't know those women from Adam! It was super bizarre and needless to say, we won't be returning. Food was gross, owner was strange and aggravating. Save yourself the annoyance and just go to one of the 50,000 other pizza joints in Rittenhouse.
Ordered late night for food after work on grub hub. Delivery time was 45 minutes and food never showed up. Glad that I was going to use cash. I called the place 3 times and was assured the food was on the way. On the 4th time calling, I didn't get a response. Don't ever order food here ever. I never got the food but from the rest of the reviews I will assume it would have been terrible. I wish I could give this place 0 stars.
This place does not just offer abysmal food quality but also is a major health risk from eating there.  This place should be shut by the City of Philadelphia for sanitation violations.

My second experience at this establishment involved a rat running across all of the pizzas.  As someone who tries to understand the difficulty of operating a restaurant in a historic city center location, I could understand if it happened and they replaced the product.  However, I was seriously concerned when the owners sold the rat-trampled pizzas, instead of replacing them.

Do not eat here if you value your life or health. If zero stars was an option, I would give this restaurant that rating.
YES. IT IS THAT BAD. FOOD POISONING!!!! SPOILED MEAT.

I am just surprised this place is not shut down for serving spoiled meat.

WINGS: the chicken smelled so bad and rotten my entire apartment smelled like 2 month old poultry. It was the grossest thing I have ever smelt. I called the restaurant back and the rude lady refused to give me refund and return the food.

FRIES: old, gray and soggy

TUNA MELT: Don't even let me go there. It had NO cheese and the tuna smelled like rotten fish and ACTUALLY HAD MOLD IN IT. 

MOZZARELLA STICKS: Still frozen, hard as rock and portion only had 3. 

I am reporting this to PA health inspection.

PLEASE AVOID OR YOU WILL GET FOOD POISONING.
I'VE NEVER FELT SO VIOLATED IN MY LIFE.  I'm sorry, I cannot comment on the pizza.  But I can comment on the staff.  I walked in, smiling as always, and went up to the counter and looked at the menu for a few seconds.  Noticing the salad's came in large and small, I asked the bald man with a mustache and heavy accent, who was snarling at me for some reason, to please show me what size the large is.  I think this was a valid request -- seeing as how hungry I was, I wanted to be sure this would be enough.  THEN HE CAME AT ME.  This man widened his eyes... slammed his hands on the counter, leaned in at me and screamed - honestly I swear on my own life he Screamed - SMALL AND LARGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  He was about 2 feet away from my face.  In that moment, I thought he was going to hit me.  I gasped, my eyes welled up and I turned around and ran away.  

I don't think I can ever even look at this place again without my heart jumping.  I'll forever cross the street to avoid walking by it.  I cannot express enough that this man's actions were a SERIOUS threat to my personal safety and I am still contemplating reporting him to the authorities.  

To people who are alone and go in there inebriated at night, PLEASE BE CAREFUL.  I am not a naive little girl, I have lived alone in the city for 3.5 years, and know when someone is not right in the head.  This man is not right in the head.  If a slice of pizza (mediocre from what I've heard) is worth being violated... then okay. 

good luck.
I hate your guts, Tower Pizza!  You said it would take 20 minutes to deliver my mushroom and sausage pizza to my hotel.  And each time I called you to check on my order status, you assured me that the delivery boy was "3 minutes away."  Liars!  It took him ONE FUCKING HOUR to get me my pizza.  And by that time, it was cold.  Not even lukewarm.  And no sausage either.  

One star for the delivery boy tracking me down at the 24-hour diner next door just as I was about to order.
Stepannie hit the nail on the head.  If you happen to be walking by and you are drunk and it is 230 in the morning, sure, walk in grab two slices, knock yourself out.  That's fine.  But never.  Ever.  Ever.  Ever.  Ever order from this place.  The food will show up approximately three hours later it'll be cold and horrible.

To put it simply this restaurant, and I use that term extremely loosely, should not have a delivery service at all.  They simply can't handle an order.  What makes matters worse is that a year later I forgot how horrible it was and reordered, complete utter mistake.

DONT ORDER DELIVERY FROM THEM!  ESPECIALLY EAT24!  THEY WILL COMPLETELY IGNORE YOUR ORDER FOR HOURS!

I hope I reiterated that point enough.
If zero stars was an option, that would be the selection here.
Every slice they had in the place was obviously a pathetic attempt at creating something resembling pizza. The dough wasn't entirely cooked, the cheese wasn't melted at all. $3.00 for a buffalo chicken slice would be fine, but not when it tastes like the cheapest ingredients that were, as I mentioned earlier, obviously not entirely cooked. I ate a few pieces of chicken and maybe 1/3 of the cheese, crust and "dough", then tossed the rest.
 Completely unclean, every table was covered in grease. There was a fly INSIDE the oregano shaker on the counter, there were flies in the bathroom. The soap dispenser in the bathroom had no soap in it. So, how then would employees wash their hands? Well, I doubt they would given the general state of everything else I saw in the place.
Let's also point out the fact that "Tower Style" is pathetic attempt to reference New York City style Pizza as a selling point for their sad excuse for "pizza". Besides which, THE tower(s), yes there were two, no longer exist. Kind of a dumb thing to keep your business named after something that remind people of the worst act of terrorism that our country has ever experienced. On that point, is the "real" Philadelphia Pizza so lacking that someone would think they couldn't just make a fake Italian family name or something, instead of "Tower Style". Ridiculous!
Furthermore, no prices were listed on the above-head menu boards.
I have never in my life stopped eating a slice of pizza, this place take the crown for worst pizza I have ever paid for. Awful, Awful, Awful, someone should call the board of health on this vile establishment. I would go get the thesaurus to find a fun list of adjectives to toss in here, but this Sh*thole isn't worth another moment of my time.
A smart business person might open a decent pizzeria across the street and put this foul abomination out of business.
Oh how i wish I had read these reviews before ordering from this place via GrubHub.

Order: 1 medium pizza with sausage and onion.
1 curly fries
1 diet 2-liter
1 chocolate cheesecake
1 raspberry cheesecake.

So when they first came they forgot the chocolate cheesecake. Then I opened the raspberry cheesecake and it was HARD AS A ROCK. I took a video:

http://www.jamesbradford.us/cheesecake.MOV

Then they came back with the chocolate cheesecake except it wasn't chocolate cheesecake, it was just plain chocolate cake. And it was spoiled. I took a bite and it was rancid.

The fries were a soggy lump and tasted almost vinegary.

The pizza was...fine. What I expected for 4AM pizza. The crusts are CLEARLY pre-bought, not made on site.

A waste of money in every way. GrubHub had to give me back a partial refund in credit.
I was hungry for pizza and I had been warned that I should avoid this place but I try to give every place a chance.  My mistake.

I ordered two slices of pizza and a soda.  The staff was nice but seemed a little off, place was not very clean.  The pizza was dry, old and tasteless.  I will not be returning.
Late Night Delivery...

Shared a pie with the bartender at The Raven Lounge. Believe it was the BBQ Chicken.

It was decent I suppose. I was stuffed after 3 slices (which is probably equivalent to 3/4 of a "regular" large pizza. I'm a big boy what can I say.

Didn't really taste the BBQ Chicken, and there really wasn't that much chicken, but it did what it had to do... which was eliminate the hunger pains.

Would I order the pizza before I drank my 3 pints of Guinness? Probably not... would I post-alcohol infusion? Hmmm... if I was feeling lazy, sure why not.
Stopped in here after a few Scotch drinks at Irish Pub. To my dismay, their kitchen closed at 11and I'd arrived a shade afterwards. So I was "forced" to drink on an empty stomach... Oh the horror. My drinking partner mentioned this place was open til 2am. So here I am.  Place was empty. I ordered two slices of greasy pepperoni. It wasn't the worst pizza I'd had but damn sure wasn't the best by any means.  Just pizza you'd get when nothing else is open or available after drinking to your hearts content. Pizza was lukewarm and the crust tasted like burnt paper. Two stars for being open after the bars close.
It's rare for me to give the 1 star rating... 

I ordered a 14 inch meat lovers pie.. which was supposed to include ground beef , bacon ham and pepperoni. 

There is no bacon. The other toppings are very sparse and this pizza is paper thin. Thats ok if It was a 10 dollar pie, but I paid 18 bucks for this. 

I just ate the whole pie, and I'm just barely full... I was supposed to have this for lunch tomorrow too.... 

Very weak pizza.... literally just sprinkled some meats....It tastes like a cheese because theres only a few pieces of meat per slice....

To me a one star means that I will never order anything from this restaurant again.......


Delivery was on time though.... Thats what got it the one star.
Ordered a late night pizza on Seamless as it was the only place in Old City open at 3am. 

The pizza crust looked like it was frozen and had little air holes to vent in an oven. The cheese seemed like plastic. The sauce was sparsely used and might have helped take away from the poor quality of everything else. 

Shouldn't have expected much at 3am, but it was definitely the worst pizza I've had in recent memory.
Ordered a plain large pizza on seamless. Driver called, I came outside.  See driver walking back to car and driving away.  Call driver, told to "come to F*&king store" to get my pizza.  Call store, talk to manager, get hung up on.  Never again. 

Terrible Cheesesteaks as well, but that is a separate review.
I'm a lover of all things pizza. The tasteless disproportional slop that this place is attempting to pass off as pizza is a joke. 
My pizza (large 20' plain pie for like $17) looked like something extraterrestrial. The cheese was like a thick disc and was off-white with a weird hue. The sauce was non existent and the dough looked like it was pre made. Awful food. Stay away.
Zero stars. The place smells like an old mop. The pizza is beyond awful. Don't eat here.
Jesus Christ, what a mistake it was going here. Tower made me realize that I'm fragile enough to have my day ruined by a pizza place. The pizza is way overpriced for its quality. I was charged $6 for two below-average slices. The "pepperoni" slice I paid for had exactly 3 tiny circles of pepperoni on it and one half circle on the edge. Yes, I counted because it was so obviously sub-standard. Either they're really cheap with the toppings in general or it was a fluke but no one bothered taking the time to realize that they were giving me a bad slice. The other white pizza slice I had was so-so.   

In addition to that, I realized after I left that the cashier SHORTCHANGED ME A FULL $5! I am 100% certain of this. It may have been unintentional---and yes, I should have checked my change before leaving instead of just shoving it into my pocket. Still, it nicely reflects either (1) them actively taking advantage of their customers, or (2) the place's general lazy attitude / sloppiness in everything they do.
I created an account just for this disgusting experience. The food took FOREVER and the crust was dirty cardboard with globs of "cheese" and "sauce" on top. It was also stuck to the box. I might throw up.
Good because it is open late night, but look out for the people working there, or more specifically, look out for the kids/nephews of the owner. I was in there late night a few weeks ago - I rode over on my bike. I had forgotten my bike lock, so I brought it inside and placed it off to the side, not in anyone's way. I turned my head back every minute or so to make sure it was there. After waiting for 15 minutes, I turned around and shockingly it was gone! I bolted out the door, looked left and looked right - no bike in sight. I looked more closely to the left and saw a bike tire poking out of the alley next door. I ran over and found the owner's kids/nephews had taken the bike and were trying to hide it. When I questioned them about it, they said their dad/uncle told them to take it. WTF? I am never eating at this place again!
BLECH. I won't miss this place. I wouldn't eat here again even if I was desperate for a slice. If you're THAT hungry, make the short walk to Old Nelson and get something better.
This is easily the worst pizza I've ever had.  Went here late last night and tried to order an entire pizza - to which they told me no as they were making fresh cheesesteaks for other customers.  This place is open until 4 AM and I showed up around 1 AM.  I guess they don't make fresh pizza after a certain time.  I was, however, entertained by the rabbit ears tv antenna they had hanging from the ceiling suspending by a wire hanger that connected to a flat screen tv that was bigger than the cooler it sat on top of.  Priorities.
I am still not sure what I was thinking ordering, watching my food prepared and eating after what I saw.  The filth and grime was awful.  I am actually laughing as I write this because I ate the food. No one wears gloves. The register girl handles money from a register that is so greasy and dirty, it's almost unbelievable.  Then she handles food and wipes her hands on her pants. The old Gray-haired guy with glasses barks out orders and looks like he's homeless, which isn't a bad thing other than he was filthy and dirty looking. Never washed his hands at all.  Yes, after eating the food my stomach flopped and flip for the rest the night.  As I sat outside and ate my cheese steak on very old bread and sniffed he sandwich trying to make out an unusual smell, a few rats ran from out of the alley way next to the Resturant. The fries were cooked in very old grease. I was so hungry, I am sorry body for Doing what I did to you. So, in closing if you have a compromised immune system or you simply don't want to risk Getting food Poision, DO NOT EAT HERE.  If you think I am being rough, I should have followed the 4 people
Who walked in and right out.
I was up pretty late and wanted some dinner so I walked around and found this place.  I ordered a cheese steak.  It was ready in 5 minutes.  It tasted good, but I'm not too picky with cheese steaks.  The bread was good, the steak was good, the cheese was good, not too much or too little of anything.  Good deal for less than $6.

While I was waiting, I watched part of Spider Man 3 on a huge flat screen TV hung on the wall.  And the guy working there seemed nice enough.

I would probably come back if I was hungry at night.
Middle of the road pizza-- nothing terribly offensive, nothing terribly remarkable, either.

Usually, I'd give a middle-of-the-road joint like Tower a middle-of-the-road three-stars, but I ordered two slices of sausage pizza and got two slices of mushroom.  

C'mon guys... this isn't that hard.  

I liked the crispiness of the crust, but that was offset by too much mushy cheese and a stingy amount of sauce.
I ordered delivery - 1x steak and cheese Stromboli, 1x pizza fries, 1x 20oz sprite. they promised 30 minutes and were here in about 20; i must praise them on their promptness. When i went down to meet them the driver would not leave his car and I had to go cross the street to meet him. I had been dressed in shorts and shorts (I have never had to leave the lobby to receive food before, from any restaurant).

I bring the food up and begin slicing. First 2 slivers were perfect, as they were before. Then I began slicing more: i discovered RUBBER BANDS; not only 1 but probably 2 or 3 chopped up into roughly 2inch pieces all on the inside of the Stromboli. 

I called the shop and was told "we do not use rubberbands near the food so that is impossible". He finally agreed that this perhaps may be true but the driver has gone home so there is nothing he can do. he told me that if I came in and brought the stromboli and he examined it and found it to be rubber bands he would give a credit for the cost of the stromboli. 

The man who all this happened with is Bruce.

DO NOT ORDER / EAT / HAVE ANY KIND OF CONTACT with this place.
My experience here is a testament to why you should always check Yelp before trying new places!

When the second leg of my international flight was canceled, I booked myself a room at the Marriott Downtown and ordered dinner from Tower Style Pizza.  I was exhausted and needed some quick food.  Fast forward two and a half hours.  My food arrives after 4 phone calls where I was hung up on and told they were too busy to check whether my order had gone out.  I was already asleep and had to wake up to get the food. 

The pizza looked like one of those boxed microwaveable pizzas they give you on Amtrak. And looks were not deceiving in this case.  Gross.  

I hope my review, combined with the endless other atrocious reviews for this place, will save at least one person the hassle of dealing with this place.
Honestly, think this place gets a bad wrap based on the reviews. Its your typical pizza spot - nothing spectacular, but nothing really awful either. Service is fine (I mean, what do you expect from a pizza spot?) and the food is pretty good. And their prices are the most reasonable in the area.

For what it's worth, it's one of the better slices in the area. Oh, and it's open stupid late - which is an anomaly in philly. 

To be fair, I haven't ordered delivery, only pickup. But would definitely recommend for a cheap, quick food that's exactly what you expect it to be.
If it was possible to give this place no stars I would. I have never ever (and I've had a lot of pizza in the city) had pizza this disgusting before. The sauce the dough the cheese... It's all bad. I would rather go into the freezer and make myself some ellios frozen pizza then even look at the disgrace that tower style calls a pizza. 

Not only is the pizza horrible but it took almost two hours to deliver and when the delivery guy got here he had a car load of people and was blasting music. My pizza was cold when it arrived. This place sucks there's so many great pizza places around don't even waste your time or your money.
Every time I visit this joint, I find myself asking the same question: why?

This place is disgusting. A block away from Rittenhouse Square, and there are flies everywhere (and not just regular old fruit flies -- I'm talking big, nasty white flies); the bathrooms have bugs scurrying across the floors (not to mention no toilet papers or soap); and the man behind the counter is surly and rude. In addition, every time I go in, the place is crawling with strange-looking people who look like they just crawled out of a sewage plant somewhere and aren't allowed in regular society.

The pizza is ok. Greasy, and fart-inducing, but not terrible. There's a flat-screen TV always playing sports, which I guess gives you something to do when you're eating your greasy, fly-infested slice -- but really, whenever I'm in here, I just want to get out as quick as possible. The only redeeming factor is that they're open ridiculously late -- and will deliver into the wee hours of the morning. Still, I'll take Ellio's any day over this shit -- at least with frozen foods, I'm not worried about catching the CLAP!
Let's be frank. 

If you take your date to a swanky ethnic dinner, imbibe in really classy cocktails at a James Bond style bar and then offer her a stay at the Ritz, you'll probably get lucky.

...unless you take her to Tower Style Pizza...in which case you've screwed yourself.


(On the flip side, the pizza isn't terrible, and it's just fine for late night drunk munchies.)
The only reason for you to come here is that it's after 11pm and all the other places are closed.

This place is really 2 stars but I don't want the only place in the neighborhood that serves late-nite pizza to close down.
Worst pizza place ever.  If I could give them zero stars, I would.  Ordered a pizza through the eat24 app, it took them two hours to deliver it on a Sunday night.  I told the delivery driver to either give it to me for free or to take it back.  He chose to take it back.  Terrible service.  They have over 100 reviews and only 2 stars.  I don't understand how they are still in business.  Do yourself a favor and make late night food at home instead of ordering from this place.  Absolutely terrible.
Mis-spent a lot of my mis-spent youth eating pizza from Tower.  It is the pizza of drag queens, at least the ones I hung around with in high school--when we didn't feel like hanging in the gayborhood after the Attic closed.  

I've gone back recently and it's O.K. pizza, but the memories I have eating it growing up will keep me coming back :)
Never had their food. Never will. Neither will you if you order delivery from grubhub. After 90 minutes of no communication, I called and the person answering the phone might have been telling me that the delivery guy wasn't there yet, or that he was. Who knows? The guy speaks about 4 words of English, and he'll yell them over you while you're trying to talk. I opted to go to the gas station near me, get a bag of chips, and I think I made the better decision.
If you like your pizza greasy, without too much sauce... this must be the place. While the aforementioned description might sound derogatory, fear not, Towers Style is busy from open to close, and their plain cheese pizza slices are great on blistering cold Philadelphia days. 

The staff is extremely friendly, and seat and serve you before you pay - pretty unique for a formica booth type joint. It's a great cheap place to watch Philly pass you by on a busy afternoon.
Appallingly bad service, and even more disappointing food. My friends and I made the mistake of ordering delivery from Tower last night, based on the Seamless app estimation of 35-45 minutes.

After 45 minutes, no sign of our food. Within the entire HOUR and forty-five minutes it took to be delivered, I called a few times only to be rudely told it was only a few minutes away. I was debating asking for the refund, but regretfully assumed this would cause more trouble than it was worth.

When it finally arrived, it was anything but worth the wait - ice cold, undercooked pizza. I'm not sure what was in that random spring roll that got thrown in our order, but the more I think about it, the more I want to vomit everywhere.

My body hates me today for not only consuming this garbage, but also the fact I stayed up so late waiting around for it when I could have been sleeping.

Save your time and your money!!!
I will NEVER eat here again. Whenever I was in the mood for greasy takeout this suited me just fine however it was a walk past Tower Style Pizza early one evening that turned me away.
There was quite a scene in the alley next to a building. There was a car pulled in just far enough just to keep its rear end off of the street and there was a woman in a wheelchair stopped in front yelling "call the cops, I don't care!" to the driver who was out of the car on the phone with the police. I don't know the whole story but people were pausing as they walked by to see what was going on. One of the guys who works at Tower leaned out of the side door (which was right next to the woman in the wheel chair) and threw a bucked of water on her like she was an animal. I don't think I can even convey how disgusting the scene was. This guy who worked there just dumped water on this woman like she was a rat in the alley. I refuse to give money to an establishment who treated a person who posed no threat, like an animal. I really hope this dissuades people from going. If you need late night food Old Nelson is right around the corner and open 24hrs and there are pizza places every other block.
This has to be the worst pizza place i have ever been too! They were overpriced and cleanliness ranked very low on their list of priorities. "Literally" (chris treggar voice-parks and rec) watched  the manager come drom outside the building and begin handling pizza with no gloves or washing of the hands. Was looking for a quick snack received  a large dose of disappointment
When it is late and you have no choice, there's Midtown diner and Tower Style Pizza.  Their motto might as well be "Tower Style Pizza: Because the local Wawa closed and you have no other choice for a quick meal"
Absolutely the worst food I have even eaten. My stomach would feel better if the box were filled with nothing but dog shit. Actually, even the dog would be embarrassed with this shit. The absolute lack of even attempting to make a pizza was astounding. I've had a Caesar salad that more resembled a pizza. I can't imagine anyone being so hungry as to actually enjoy this food. I would rather lick the Liberty Bell after a middle school field trip than take another bite of food from this place. Kibbles uses better quality ingredients.
It was okay.

Coming in late night for a quick bite, this place was merely adequate. The pizza was okay - not nearly enough sauce, crust tasted like it was frozen and thawed, the cheese was pretty good. If you're a little tipsy and need that late night snack, this place will suffice. IF you're sober, you can steer clear.
I'm somewhat stunned by these reviews. I've lived in Philly for a number of years, have been to Angelo's and C+S, and while this place might not be a destination, it's pretty great for a neighborhood spot! The guy is nice and the dough is awesome. I like the tomato and ricotta slice.
BEWARE: This restaurant is the WORST pizza place I've ever ordered from. The staff can not speak English. The pizza is terrible and the delivery people are very rude. Do not trust this establishment. Order from Dominos or Papa Johns. This establishment should be shut down on many different levels.
Order a simple, classic slice and you're as golden as the deliciously greasy crust.

This place gets a bad rap because 1) people's expectations are too high and 2) they order the wrongs things.

First, most places that are open this late are NOT going to have amazing food, so lower your expectations. Le Bec Fin isn't open til 4 in the morning, is it?! Second, the guy who works the register and takes phone orders is a jerk and hard to deal with, but get over it. And third, after a good look at the sign and the interior of the place, anyone in their right mind would know not to order anything but pizza. This is the biggest mistake people make here.

I usually eat here when I'm drunk and it's great. I order one or two slices of pepperoni and load up on garlic, parmesan hot sauce and bask in bliss that is a good, thin, greasy, and perfectly-crispy slice of pizza.

To be fair, I do live about 5 feet away from here and its location certainly gains it a few extra points in my book, but real talk, this place has pretty great pizza.

Addendum: I just recently had the greek salad from here and it was excellent. Fresh, simple and tasty. Try putting a little of it on the pizza.
Some of the worst pizza I have ever eaten.  I am not sure how you can F up pizza, but this place manages to do it.

The owner was a prick and he uses old pizza and try's to over charge you for some slices if he thinks your too drunk to notice.

Stay away from this place, unless you are absolutely starving and too drunk to notice how bad the pizza really is.
I placed an order on Eat 24. The menu says it is served with rice, but the item came with french fries instead. I called to explain to the restaurant owner, and he hung up on me and refused to help.

Eat 24 called him, but he refused to give a refund or remake the order. This is not a restaurant you can trust. I would avoid.
I have to say that it's a hit and miss with this place, depends on the person that takes your order. There is only one nice guy there that always calls you "My Frrrriend" there is another guy that looks like him but he's obnoxious and trying to rip you off. I'll tell you what, when you pay make sure that the change you get is the right amount because the other two workers will blatantly try to give back less change and when you point that fact out you get the "I kill you" stare and say "Oh sorry ma'am"

Now to the food: The only good thing about this pizza place are their cheese steaks! I mean who can resist a toasted bun? The pizza is greasy and over baked and the wings are...meh.

All in all you know what to expect from a place like that, bon appetite.
I have absolutely no complaints about this place. I mean. What more do you want guys? No, it's not the best pizza joint, but it's far from being the worst. I see a lot of the other yelpers say they've gone here in a drunken stupor and probably don't know if they were eating pizza or dog food but I am happy to report that the two times I went here, I was far from drunk. In fact, I wasn't even drinking. I was just up late at nite coming from this place or that place and hungry as hell. Tower style pizza (whatever the hell tower style is, well, the jury's still out on that one...) certainly satisfied the craving. Just stick to getting a good ol' plain slice or maybe one topping and you'll be good as gravy. I mean, at 2am you're just tryin to get rid of the hunger pangs, not get full, right? A slice or two will do ya good.
The only reason why this place gets an extra .5 star from me is because it is one of the only places still open when you're drunk and have the munchies.  Anything tastes great at that point but this place is like any typical 99c pizza hole in wall in Manhattan--there's a thin layer of pizza crust, maybe some tomato sauce and a very thin layer of cheese.  Right out of the oven, it is decent.  Throw on a thick layer of parmesan cheese, red pepper flakes, and oregano and voila!

I've tried some of their hoagies here and they're ok.  Overall, it's a really grungy place and some sketchy characters are always around.  The guys behind the counter are always yelling at someone which can be either entertaining or very annoying.
We went to this pizza place and it sucked so bad. At one point no one was even working there after the counter person left the building without any warning and there was just a stone-faced muslim woman in full garb sitting behind the counter staring blankly over the lobby, and the queue of clueless customers grew and grew but they refused to leave. It was truly my vision of hell.
All other reviews of this place are spot on. If you're out way late, drunk, hungry and out of options, eat here.
Ordered cheese fries. Did not give me cheese. Fail. Double check them. Also, I've been here twice after nights out because they are open so late. The food is always sub par.
I had come to Philadelphia for the weekend to visit some friends. It was late Sunday night and we had all finished our alcoholic revelry for the evening. As any self respecting mildly alcoholic 20-something group of delinquents should, we decreed that the night would end in greasy food. My local friend then directed us to Tower, which appeared to be the only game in town at 1 AM. 

The space was crowded with intoxicated patrons. We ordered three plain slices of pizza. I then looked over to the display case and noticed that there was white pizza, so I ordered a slice of that. The rather gruff cashier informed me that they were in the middle of baking a fresh pizza and that it would be ready in about seven minutes. We paid and sat down. For the next fifteen minutes or so, it appeared that absolutely nobody was getting served. 

And then shit got real.

I'll admit the kid that decided to say something approached it in the rudest possible manner. A skinny douchebag in a bright yellow shirt stood up and broke the silence. He was raising his voice and immediately drew all attention to himself. In slurred speech, he informed the people behind the counter that he had been waiting over twenty minutes for two slices of pepperoni and that other people had been served before him even though they ordered after. He demanded his "fuckin' pizza." 

There were several ways this could have been handled. They could have calmly asked him to quiet down. They could have apologized for the delay. They could have offered him a refund. 

Instead, aforementioned gruff cashier (a pretty large dude in height and stature) raised his voice even louder and screamed at yellow-shirt douche (YSD) to "shut the fuck up." YSD, who could have been knocked over by a gust of wind and was clearly suffering from a severe case of beer muscles, began screaming even louder. It was mostly unintelligible, but there was a lot of intermingling of the words "Fucking" "Pizza" "Twenty" and "Assholes" between the two screaming men. Eventually, YSD demanded a refund if they wouldn't provide him his pizza. At THAT point, scary cashier walked around the counter towards the door, screaming at the top of his lungs that he would provide neither pizza nor a refund. He demanded that YSD get the fuck out of his establishment, walked over, and held the door open. YSD's considerably more sober friend was trying to mediate the situation and calm everyone down. Eventually, cashier moved back to the counter. 

It appeared the moment was over, but about 30 seconds later the cashier started screaming again. He once again moved out from behind the counter as a vein threatened to burst out of his forehead and flee from fear. He was moving directly for YSD and screaming like an absolute maniac with a string of expletives. I thought at this point that bloodshed was inevitable, because YSD didn't seem to be aware of his relative gnat-like status in comparison to the cashier. The cashier approached him and pushed him pretty violently out of the store where they proceeded to have a screaming match in the front of the building. 

Other patrons began to leave. The only part of this story to Tower's credit - the smaller guy behind the counter had come around and began to offer refunds to the people that were demanding them. One girl called the cops. In total, about 10 people left. The scuffle seemed to have ended outside and, against all logic, YSD was back inside the establishment. He was given his two slices of pizza. In case you question his drunkenness, he announced to the entire place that the place had delicious pizza and that the cashier was a really nice guy because they had just shook hands. The tool finally left. The cashier was making comments to some of the leaving customers about how they should also see his point of view because he's "very stressed."

At that point, we should have done what the more honorable guests had done and left. But we had journeyed so far on our quest for food and we assumed that our pizza had to be ready by now. 

At this point, three young males walked into the establishment and went to the counter. They ordered three slices of plain pizza and were immediately served. They left before we were served. My calmer friend approached and politely asked after our pizza and reminded them of our order. A different patron came up, ordered the white pizza, and was handed the rest of it immediately. Gruff cashier shrugged it off, stated they didn't have any more white pizza, and gave us an "extra slice of plain" to make up for it.

An hour after we had set off, we finally sat down to eat our pizza. I lifted the crust, and the pizza immediately fell apart and formed cheese/bread fondue on the plate. It tasted like lightly flavored cardboard.

While YSD was a douche, the way that the establishment chose to handle it was completely inappropriate. Hands down the most appalling, disappointing, and shamefully failed quest for drunk munchies ever.
One of the worst places to eat food. 

Service - absolutely pathetic. Lady working there is rude and obnoxious to say the least.

Food - that gets 1 star. Better buy a roll of bounty to wipe all the oil from the slices. It's absolutely disgusting. 

I honestly don't know how they are still open. I have had friends and acquaintance who have had a horrible experience and explosive diarrhea. Quiet possibly the worst food in philly.
I didn't want to give them a rating as their service is clearly not worthy of even a 1 but you can't post a review without giving one. My friend and her fiancé recently went there and was discriminated against because they are African American. The owner even called the cops on them and made a false claim of fear based on their race.

I would NEVER patronize this establishment and hope that no one spends their hard earned money at a place who thinks nothing of treating others this way.
First off, I can't speak for the pizza. The one and only (probably the last) time I ate pizza here was at New Years and I was a drunken mess with little to no memory of the food and/or the fight that I instigated...

Now... on that note! Why the stars? Because Tower has the best god-awful greasy but crispy chicken wings. This is a statement I stand by drunk or sober. I am not sure how they get that light crisp on their chicken wings but their batter must be made of crack because damn I'm addicted. I only opt to eat here when I'm desperate for that piping hot bite of freshly fried wings -or- when it's cold outside at 2am and I'm suffering some drunken munchies. Otherwise, pick up these babies to go - the scenery anywhere else is bound to be more pleasing to the eye. The place is pretty grotty & their bathroom is rarely supplied with toilet paper.

Word to the wise: If you are in here at that witching hour (aka 2am when the bars close) and the place is packed to the gills, it's survival of the strongest. Best to stand by and wait to hear your order shouted and grab your food otherwise you are more than likely gonna be waiting awhile like Vichet O (below review). 

In sum: Grab your wings & go. And if you are slow on the grab - I just might snatch your order from you ;)
I regret ever stepping foot into this "restaurant," what a horrible disgusting experience. Next time I need a late night bite I will just starve until other restaurants open in the morning. How this place hasn't been shut down by either the health department or pissed off clientele I have no idea. I wish you could give a zero rating on Yelp. Stay away!
If I could not give 1 star, I wouldn't. A friend of mine was severely discriminated against at this establishment and the cops were even involved and sadly were of no help. 

It is unfortunate that today people aren't valued for their warm smiles and demeanor but only judged by their race and race ONLY. I WILL NEVER PATRONIZE THIS ESTABLISHMENT! I encourage others to think before they spend their hard earned honest money on ill willed and outright ugly individual's businesses.
Actually the worst pizza I've ever had. Horrible customer service, dirty, slow, and expensive. 

Literally, the only good thing about this place is that it's open late. That said, even if I'm starving and drunk, I would choose not eating over this. 

Avoid at all costs.
This is the worst pizza place I've ever ordered from.  I should have gone with my hunch and ordered Papa John's.  At least you know what you're getting.  The pizza took over an hour and the delivery boy was annoying.  I do not recommend this place at all.  In fact - boycott it!
I just came here after having one too many mojitos at Alma de Cuba. My slice of cheese was DELICIOUS. So, 5 stars, obviously.
Really crappy pizza.  Even worse, my delivery took an hour and twenty minutes.  When I called and asked where the delivery man was, I got nothing but attitude from them.  Definitely avoid this place if at all possible.
One of my favorite pizza places late at night in Philly.  You can even get anchovies!  Tasty!
The nastiest pizza I have ever had. Pizza is not fresh at all. Went their in the evening and just gave me old pizza. Got sick after eating the pizza.
I ordered pizza, a bottle of water and cheese fries through Grubhub fromTower  around 11:40. Was told to expect delivery between 12:05 and 12:15. At around 12:50 I became frustrated and called the restaurant to see where my order was and was told that the driver had left and would be 5 minutes (also, I live about 3 blocks away), by a woman who seemed annoyed by my call. 6 minutes later I received a call from the driver who I thought was outside, but he advised he was about 3 minutes away. 6 minutes later, he arrived, without the bottle of water that I ordered. I called Grubhub and told them about the extreme lateness and the missing bottle of water and they were very helpful and said they'd get me a credit for the water and compensate me with Grubhub credit for the lateness. A few minutes later, the woman at Grubhub called me back and said that the woman at Tower was being very pushy and that the driver was 2 minutes away with my water (again, live 3 blocks away, 2 minutes is probably at the store). I refused the water and insisted on the credit. I would have been ok with it had she (the woman at Tower) not been rude to me earlier when I called about the status of my order.  Also, the pizza is crap. (Crust sucks, among other things) I will not be ordering from here again.
To be honest, not sure what "tower style pizza" is but so far I've enjoyed there buffalo chicken and regular slices.  The staff isn't the friendliest, but there "don't bother me" attitudes kind of work for the late-night pizza scene.
STAY AWAY!
This place is dirty and horrible customer service.  I went there for lunch on Friday, July 31st. It was noon.  Nobody was in the store but the cashier.  That's a bad sign on a Friday during lunch time.  She was rude and acted like she didn't want to serve me.  I was still looking over the menu when another customer came in and asked for a slice of pizza.  I watched the cashier take the money then go pick up the pizza with her hands and put it in the oven.  I asked her to wash her hands prior to making my food.  She began to argue with me, I asked to speak to the manager, she said there was no manager.  I left and told her I wouldn't be back.
Worst service and food I've ever had. The lady was mean to us and the chicken wings we ordered were rotten. Yuk!
They have, hands down, the best wing dings in all of Philadelphia. My ex and I used to make late night trips (2am trips mind you) just to pick up an order of these guys. Needless to say, the relationship ended, I moved to a different state, and since moving back to the city I made it a point to revisit these wings - they did not disappoint!

Great place to swing by for some munchies after the bars close down.
Pizza, not gourmet.

As a late night spot, I'll take what I can get. Appx $5 for a slice of sausage pizza. A bit cold and greasy and (gasp) stale?, but as I said, at 1AM, I'll take what I can get.

2 stars for opening late.
We were in a rush, there wasn't a line, so VOILA, we ended up at Tower Style. I'll be sure to plan ahead in the future.  It's not that the pizza is Bad, per se, but I also wouldn't call it good. My beau and I nabbed three slices and two drinks for $12 (CASH ONLY!0, his were pepperoni and sausage and mine was a buffalo chicken slice. When we first received our slices, I looked at mine and immediately knew it wasn't hot enough. After a quick nudge of the thumb, my suspicions were confirmed and I had to ask for it to be heated up more.  My dining partner was so ravenous that he had already started eating, but admitted that he wished he'd asked for them to be heated up as well.

The dining area is cramped and generally feels a bit stifling as you're munching on the pizza. The fellow who was working at the cash register had a lot of trouble understanding our order, and we had lots of trouble understanding him, so at least the feeling was mutual. There looked to be another guy working ("working") who DID understand us but, instead of trying to help us out or take charge, he merely tried to relay the message to the original cash register fellow while leaning on the wall.  

The flavor of the pie itself wasn't terrible, but alas, there wasn't much of it. Never knowing when to quit, I took my standard route of dousing it in hot sauce, and toughed it out. We were in and out in about 15-20 minutes, and probably won't be headed back in any time soon.
Ordered two slices one pepp one cheese both felt hot but the cheese wasn't even melted. My coke from the cooler was barely above room temp. The pizza would only be good if I were drunk and I was STARVING so that was frustrating! So hungry but hating my food lol
INEDIBLE FOOD.

FOOD POISONING.

AWFUL SERVICE.

The food was late and when delivered was wrong. Ordered a grilled cheese, got a horrible looking chicken sandwich instead. The chicken was gray and the bread was soggy. 

When I called to get my order resolved, they wouldn't even help at first. The woman on the phone was very rude and made an effort not to help me. Eventually they sent me a new grilled cheese that was clearly made in a microwave-- the bread wasn't even toasted at all and it was completely soggy. 

I couldn't eat more than 1 bite of everything and still got food poisoning. DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE.
Worst pizza I've ever had in the city. All the employees look bored and It looks like the place hasn't been changed since the late 80's/ early 90's. Everything looks muted and dusty and im not talking just the décor...
Worst pizza ever. Bought a Groupon, used half of it. Horrible, and with attitude to boot
Friendly Staff and great hours. Delicious food.
call these guys at 3am and they will deliver!
A far cry from Philly's finest slice.  

I have made the mistake of being in this area and choosing Tower for a bite on the run twice, yes twice.  To be fair, I only had the option of Shake Shack around the corner one of those times.  Don't ask me what I was thinking the other time.  Clearly a lapse in judgment.

I think it's pretty hard to mess up pizza, but somehow they do it.  It's painfully average at best.

Also, I think they might owe me a paycheck.  When I mentioned to them that both of their bathrooms were out of tp, they handed me a supply of tp to stock the bathrooms.  On the bright side, it was that lovely, soft, Charmin-like kind, which is the only reason for my two and not one star rating.

Do yourself a favor and just starve instead of eating here.
Don't have anything new to say. Just wanted to remind everyone how disgusting this place is.
Probably the worst pizza I've had.  Dough is tasteless cardboard. Toppings are usually dry since pizzas are sitting out.  Not the cheapest pizza around. Overall pizza tasteless. Plus is that they are open late, but you probably shouldn't get it anyways. Hopefully they improve soon!
This place is a disgrace.  Rude service and fraudulent business practices, in my humble opinion.  Repeat offenders of no deliveries with no notice, refusal of refunds, etc.  I filed a complaint with grubhub and am submitting this review here in hopes others avoid getting ripped off/treated poorly by this company.
Good vibe place, tasty appetizers and pretty cool location. The inside is a little run down, but I enjoyed the chicken parm and the fries. Quality sandwich with good amount of sauce and chicken and cheese, and the man who got me my order seemed really jolly and pleasant.
Just discovered this place recently as they are the only pizza joint open until 4 on weekends that I'm aware of nearby.

That I haven't tried yet, but, I do like their wraps and cheesesteaks, I can't comment, but, my fiance loves their club sandwiches,

My only peeve with them? My fried mushrooms were kind of burnt one night. I'm not sure if they're always like that or if it was a fluke as I haven't ordered them again yet, Oh well, still ate them.
Really enjoyed my cold pizza dough with splotches of pizza sauce. Oh, don't forget the toppings for my cheese steak pizza - AKA, cold meat and some cheese. And of course, i appreciated that I was given the opportunity to burn some calories going down 8 flights of stairs to get it, and then being told that my 20% tip wasn't enough. Hoping that I don't get food poisoning from this experience. To be continued.
This place definitely deserves more than 2 stars. I have only ever give in for slices but it was honestly great both times. The interior is not easy on the eyes and neither are the cold slices in the display. However, they are actually quite good after being heated up! It serves its purpose as a neighborhood quick standard slice spot for sure. I'll be back!
Worst pizza ever. Waited 2 hours for this pizza just to eat poison. I called them multiple times and my pizza came by the time I didn't want it. it was freezing cold by the the time I got it.
