I am a little confused by this new chicken shack on Race Street in Philly Chinatown. 

Yes. It is cool the way it is an up the stairs second story shop. Its utilitarian set up with basic tables and chairs with little comfort shouts that this is a fast food joint that doesn't invite hanging around, although the wings are prepped as ordered and take 20 minutes to come out of the fryer. I am okay with all that. Yet, although called, "bbq chicken," all lower case, in fact there is no BBQ chicken there. It is all Korean-type double fried chicken wings and cold drinks, bubble teas, smoothies, etc. The wall menu has about 50 drink options, yet just 7 flavor finishes for their wings. Bird choices are wings, boneless wings or chicken sandwich. If I didn't know better, I'd think this was really another over saturated bubble tea house offering wings on the side (By comparison, Vivi around the corner is all about interesting drinks, and offers deep fried wings as a nosh, for a lot less money.).

Go figure.

What about the wings? Well, they were crispy enough, and the soy garlic and secret spicy sauces were pretty good. As others have said, the secret in the spicy was that it was more sweet than hot, although there was some warmth behind the sugar. I liked the soy garlic better, but as I slowed down after the initial rush to dive into them, I began to taste the underlying oil they were cooked in. Not so nice. 

Soho has nothing to worry about from understated lower case 'bbq chicken'. It needs to decide what it really is and let everyone know.
I'm broke, if I keep drinking Boba, I'll be BROKER
I'm so addicted, thank god I'm not a SMOKER
And not a Pepsi addict or a dumb Diet COKER
All I do is drink the Boba drinks at TSAOCAA

Barbie's right next to me, asking me to POKE HER
Last night I did it so well, I think I nearly BROKE HER
No, I'm not kidding, although yes, I am a JOKER
Afterwards we'll go and get Boba from TSAOCAA

WHAT

I want this Boba shop to get a little respect... like Aretha said... Tsaocaa it to me!

Quickly becoming one of the best and most consistent chains in the country. They've gone from 0 to 100 very quickly, as 2 years ago I'd never heard of them, and now I've been to these everywhere from Indy's burbs to Chicago's Chinatown to Flushing to this one in the heart of Philly's Chinatown, which shares a space with a BBQ Chicken spot - same owners.

My notes said - very lovely of her to make me the lime black tea, it tasted good and i enjoyed it for sure, was a little on the sour side, should have got extra sweet. nice, friendly, cheap, huge, good place.

This was one of the first locations of this chain that I tried and I loved it then and I love it now. Really excellent products, and very friendly indeed. The employee didn't speak English very well, but she was so nice that it was irrelevant. We were able to figure out what I wanted and she made it beautifully.

The location has an old rustic charm, in that regard nothing like any of the other shiny new modern looking locations, but like many Boba shops in Chinatown Philly, that kind of makes it more enjoyable.

I'm definitely looking forward to bringing Barbie to this one for that Lime Black Tea which she'll love. And definitely five stars, especially for some of the best service I've had in Philadelphia anywhere.

And yes, the rumours are true... I'm a very good Tsocaa player. I'll show you sometime.

I love Barbie, I know all ABOUT HER
I never wanna go to Boba places WITHOUT HER
Sometimes late at night, she demands that I MOUNT HER
And afterwards it's Boba time at Philly's TSAOCAA!

(because apparently, it's pronounced TAO-TAH)
(who knew)
(well now we do)
(but when you read the rap at the start, let's overlook that fact, k?)
(because clearly I didn't know at the time)
This is hands down the best fried chicken I have ever eaten. I've dined in, ordered from the store via Grubhub for both delivery and pick up, and the quality of the fried chicken is consistently phenomenal and customer service is polite and cordial. I am a hardcore wings fan (the meat falls off the bone!), but their boneless chicken bites are also delectable in soy garlic and honey garlic. The shop provides plastic gloves to contain the messiness and a well-stocked supply of ketchup packets for the crinkle cut fries. Boba tea is coming soon to this location in late February as well so look out for a one-stop shop!
My go-to fried chicken place!

The wings are solid EVERY time, and all the flavors are wonderful. I've tried the spicy, soy garlic, and honey garlic, and they're all wonderfully tasty and crunchy every time I order them, even after I get home, which is a 15-20 minute walk. The bone-in wings are more like jumbo pieces and are extremely juicy. Usually, 10 pieces are more than enough to fill me. I can't wait to try some of the other items on the menu. Maybe boba next time?
Ok. I must be somewhat influenced by advertising because this is the second Korean Fried Chicken place I've come to because of a blurb in the Inquirer.  I even posted a picture of the writing in the photo section.  And since I'm all about checking out new places, I took the 10 or so block walk to come to bb-q chicken.  Gotta say that fresh, made-to-order fried chicken is so much better than picking it up on a heater stand at the grocery store!

I posted pictures of the menu.  You can get drumsticks, fingers, or wings in sets of 10 or 20.  They also have a 6-piece finger with a soda and fries or a chicken sandwich meal. Sides are sweet potato fries (+$1), French fries, and pickled radish.  The sauce choices are original, Secret Spicy (1 hot pepper), hot spicy (3 hot pepper), soy garlic, Gang-Jeong (1 hot pepper), red hot garlic (3 hot pepper), and cheesling (powdered cheese).  You can only do a 1/2 and 1/2 on a large order which I found out while ordering even though it's printed in the menu.

I got an "original" 10-piece finger.  It is fried in olive oil, and tasted so good. Nice and light, not too much breading, crunchy, and not overly greasy.  Although I think I could go all day with them, I was not able to finish all 10.  The rest will be good for a salad topping or I'll see how they reheat.  The restaurant gave me a pickled radish side gratis and it was great to dunk the fingers in the sweet and savory liquid.  The radishes were wonderfully crunchy and a nice palate cleanser between fingers.

Took about 15 minutes to wait for my 10-piece, and I wish I was able to do a 1/2 and 1/2 on a small size order.  I really wanted to try one of the hot sauces - one of the single pepper and not the triple banger!  I'll have to make a return trip when I'm in the mood.

bb-q chicken stands for "Best of the Best Quality."  It really was some damn good chicken.  

$12.65 for 10-piece chicken fingers, and a gratis pickled radish side which I recommend.
Move over Bonchon, there's a new fried chicken place in Chinatown. 

I stopped by bb-q chicken a couple days ago when the fried chicken craving hit. I've had Korean fried chicken a number of times before, and I was curious to see how bb-q compared. This place was pretty good! There are a bunch of different flavors you get for the fried chicken, and there's the open of boneless wings too. 

Some positives:
-the chicken was juicy, super crispy, and very flavorful! Just the thought of it now makes me want to go back to bb-q chicken. (The soy garlic flavor was delicious). 
-service was great! I felt a little bad for stopping by 20 minutes before closing time, but my friend and I didn't feel too rushed at all. 
-accepts credit card

Some negatives:
-the wait for the chicken was long, despite there only being 2 other customers in the store. It took about 15 minutes to get the chicken.
-fries were okay, nothing special 
-pickled radish costs extra

Overall, I would definitely come back to bb-q chicken again. The chicken was delicious, and I can't wait until my next visit.
My go-to place for fried chicken in Chinatown! 1,0000% better, crispier, and tastier fried chicken than Bon Chon. Juicy, fresh, and made to order! 

So why the 3 stars? Service is bleh. Sometimes the chicken takes 20 minutes, and sometimes it takes 50, with no rhyme or reason. I know they're making it fresh so it takes a while (usually about 25 minutes), but sometimes, even when the store is dead empty and no one is coming in for take-out or pick-up, it'll take almost an hour! I think the cook just disappears sometimes. 

As for the drinks, the fruit teas are great, but their milk teas and cheese foam drinks are average. I don't typically like ordering their drinks here, but unfortunately, this establishment is greedy and doesn't offer free tap water.
Good news first or bad?... The bb-q chicken and Tsaocaa is in one location. After 3 visits back to back for this place, I Am Over It.

Horrible. Customer. Service. 

1) Came here Monday night to try the chicken and oh my goodness, it was great. I've been waiting for some good Korean fried chicken. The taste was so flavorful and the texture was so crispy. I had 10 honey garlic and 10 soy garlic. The honey garlic was ehh. I like the garlic bits but I won't order it again. The soy garlic was really good. I was raving this place and recommend some friends to come after posting it on social media. Also ordered 2 drinks - more than sea you (grapefruit) & king milk tea. The grapefruit drink was soooo good and refreshing! King milk tea was nothing special and the boba was very hard to chew.
*Don't expect any table services. You order from the counter and pick up when the food/drinks are ready. BE SURE to show your receipt or they won't give you your food even though they know it's yours. When my order was ready I didn't bring my receipt to the counter and they made me go back to my table to get the receipt. Then, I noticed the same thing happened to another customer too. Like there were only 3 TABLES, is it that big of a deal to show the receipt? I think it's pretty obvious who's order it is. I understand if it's a lot of people and you want to make sure but for 3 tables.. smh.

2) Tuesday afternoon I came back to order the grapefruit drink because it was that good! I noticed that they offer a loyalty card. I told the lady behind the counter that I didn't get one and I was here last night. She said it's only for the chicken not drinks. I said I did order chicken and I have the photo to prove it.. but she wanted to see the receipt (which it's at my house) or screenshot the account (since I paid with card). Like yes, she made that big of a deal. I told her my boyfriend paid and I guess he would have to come in. She said next time if he shows the receipt or account to prove that we dined here for the chicken we will get the loyalty card. Seriously, all this work for a loyalty card. Unbelievable! 

3) Wednesday evening - My boyfriend was craving for the grapefruit drink so he came and got it. (We work in the city that's why we're here lol. Would not go out of our ways). Before my boyfriend ordered, I told him about the situation yesterday about the loyalty card. He went in, ordered the drinks (grapefruit and uji matcha) then proceed to show the account for the loyalty card. The lady said it's too late for that. He should've addressed it the DAY of the order. First off, the day of the order no one introduced us to the loyalty card. And I can't believe they're making such a big deal out of this. I guess they don't want us coming back since having the loyalty card means dining/spending more money. Lastly, my boyfriend wanted less ice in his drink but they said they can't do that. The flavor won't be the same. Uh, we all have different tastebuds.. and he's drinking it not you. And the uji matcha was gross, it made my stomach hurt. 

Overall, 1.5 Stars for the chicken and drinks. We won't come back due to the service.
2 of my most favorite Asian food places in one. BBQ Chicken has very crunchy and tasty Korean fried chicken and Tsaocaa has incredible bubble tea! The combination of these two is just insane. 

This bbq chicken has really good honey garlic sauce with their Korean fried chicken. Their fries however are average and nothing too impressive. The other bbq chicken at H Mart in Elkins park has exceptional waffle fries that are the crispiest I have ever eaten.  This spot is closer and still a solid choice. 

The tsacaa is located at the same counter and can be ordered with your food order. Their menu is huge and there are many different toppings. This place has great milk foam and amber boba. They also have regular drinks such as a strawberry slush which is out of this world. 

Overall a solid spot in chinatown. You can never go wrong with a bbq chicken. I highly recommend this spot!
I've only had the 9.99 boneless chicken lunch special here, but I've had it many times and it's awesome.  Its possibly the best lunch value in Center City.  You get an ample serving of  tasty Korean fried chicken, a pile of fries, and a drink for a great price.  I've brought a couple coworkers with very discerning tastes for Asian food, and they loved it.  They went back for more. Note that the spicy chicken is quite spicy.   Come here for the lunch special if nothing else.  You won't be disappointed.
A new fried chicken spot-better than Bonchon in my opinion. Every inch of the wings were covered with batter producing crispy yet nongreasy bites. The original was tasted great though I do think they could've enhance the flavor profile with some spices. I also had the secret spicy and hot spicy sauces and they were spicy! The wings were still crunchy even though they were covered with sauce. I think what really distinguishes this place from Bonchon is that the entire wing was fully and evenly covered like they actually cared about the quality of their food. Good to see a better option for Korean fried chicken in the area.
Love BBQ Chicken! The flavor is on point, it's crispy, juicy, and fresh-- literally couldn't ask for anything more. 

We got the 10-piece of drumsticks in half Secret Spicy and half Hot Spicy sauces. The Secret Spicy is slightly sweet with little hot kick, and my preferred over the two. The Hot Spicy is truly HOT SPICY. For reference, the menu gives 3 peppers to the Hot Spicy sauce, and only 1 pepper to the Secret Spicy. I do like the mix between the two though-- I'm big on variety. 

I love that they provide gloves if you want to eat chicken without getting your hands dirty or touch your food with dirty hands! A nice touch considering the current pandemic, too. 

Also, I love Tsaocaa teas, but I haven't tried this location yet. I'm sure thier teas are just as good as other locations. When we went to pick up our chicken, there were SO MANY drink orders being made, but opted out as we already had drinks waiting in the freezer. Next time!
One of my new favorite chicken places! It's nice to have some variety in flavors outside of your typical soy garlic or spicy. They have honey garlic and a variety of different spicy flavors with ranging spice levels. I really like how straightforward it is here. You order at the register and seat yourself. Their menu is fairly simple with a new addition of drink selections.

Their chicken is always super crispy and flavorful. My favorite flavors are honey garlic and secret spicy. The secret spicy only has 1/3 pepper signs to it but I personally think it deserves a 2/3. There's certainly a kick! 

The prices are on par with your other chicken options in Philly as well. 

This is certainly my new go-to for Korean fried chicken in Chinatown!
I feel like a new korean fried chicken joint is popping up every month. This is not a bad thing. This place replaced the chi ken spot that left a lot to be desired. The chicken here is great, and the cheese version is really different but definitely worth trying. They also have milk tea here which wasn't half bad, reminded me of the stuff Miu Cha serves down the block. 

Very casual spot, not much seating. Worth a visit!
This is a 4.5 star rating. I went here in the mid afternoon so there weren't that many customers. Inside is not big, about 8-ish tables, but some spots are kind of tight. The service was pretty average, friendly and helpful enough. This is a counter service so you order your food and/or drinks, pay, and grab a table; they'll call out your order # when the food is ready. 

I ordered soy garlic boneless chicken, sweet potato fries, matcha tofu pudding, iced grapefruit tea, and milk tea with boba (and pickled daikon came with the chicken). Okay, where shall I start? I absolutely loved the chicken! I loved the soy garlic flavour, the chicken was nicely crispy on the outside, and tender and moist inside. Definitely better than Bon-Chon (at least in Chinatown). I ordered sweet potato fries to see how they do it, and I have to say it was good. Sweet potato fries are so easy to be kind of limp and greasy, but these were crispy and tasted delicious. Pickled daikon had nice balance of sweet and tangy and of course complimented the fried chicken very well. I wasn't too sure what to expect from matcha tofu pudding, but I enjoyed it a lot. It wasn't sweet at all, and I think whatever sweetness came from the sweetened red beans. It has a texture of silken tofu. I will most likely get this again! I also think I can easily get addicted to their iced grapefruit tea. I got this at 50% sugar level and it was sweet enough. It reminded me of a really healthy slushy with real grapefruit slices. 

Overall a very good experience! I will definitely go back again.
Best flavors in my opinion are soy garlic and secret spice. My mouth waters as I type. I do recommend eating this in the comfort of your own home only because you probably don't feel like moving afterwards, aka food coma. Put on your favorite show/ movie, throw on a pair of sweat pants, kick your feet up and get to grubbing. Ahhhhhh my ideal night after a long day at work...

Oh oh oh did I mention cracking open a can of beer too?! Yeah that!
good wings! all that was missing was a beer in my hand!

and skip the fries-- you don't need it!

should visit at least once but hide your expectations and your disappointment for that missing beer~
Just like what other helpers mentioned, the chicken are delicious and how long it takes to cook does varies each time. I ordered 10 pc cheese boneless and 10 pc soy garlic regular, both were juicy and excellent. Oddly, the regular bubble tea from here was my favorite haha.
Good place to go for Korean fried chicken fix. We had about a 20 minute wait for the chicken to be prepared, so it was definitely hot and fresh. 

The food choices are limited: pretty much just different wing flavors, regular or sweet potato fries and pickled radish side. Ordered 10 soy garlic wings $12.99 and the boneless spicy combo $9.99 (boneless wings of your choice, fries ($1 more for sweet potato fries) and choice of Pepsi can or bottled water).  The wings were crispy, juicy and full of flavor. The fries were thin cut and crispy (likely frozen, but we still enjoyed them). Definitely needed some vegetables after this fried lunch, but it served its purpose.

Food was served on a cafeteria tray which you return to the counter to retrieve when your order is ready. The staff basically takes your order and lets you know when your food is ready.

We came in around 12:30 (they open at noon). We were the only group sitting in to eat, but there was a slow stream of people coming in mostly for the teas of which they have a good variety from which to choose. Will have to try those sometime.
The food was delivered hot in a great little container. I only ordered the 6 piece boneless chicken with fries and a drink for 9.95.. guess what? Min delivery charge is 10 bucks! So I added pickled radishes ( which I did not receive) oh well maybe next time, because the chicken was fantastic! The sauce was perfect... and I actually shared it because believe it or not 6 pieces was a lot. The chicken pieces are a nice size.
I made an order for the combos for myself and my coworkers through the EAT24 app. It was very easy and the food was ready accordingly to the app's recommended time to pick up the food. I kind of wish that the boneless chicken (we all had soy garlic) weren't dark meat or something... it seems like extremely fatty or tender meat. Don't get me wrong, it was tasting pretty good and I enjoyed the flavor! I'm just sort of becoming a health freak, haha. 
I also felt a bit disappointed that the lunch combo was small for $10ish. I know korean fried chicken usually isn't that cheap but I felt like the chicken could use some improvements. Maybe the wings taste or has better texture? I'm not sure. Everyone at my job tells me I should give it a second chance. I might do so next week. The service wasn't bad, the woman was fairly busy but sincere and helpful!
BBQ CHICKEN! the only chicken to consider when craving korean fried chicken. 

After watching the characters in Crash Landing On You devour many meals of BBQ Chicken throughout the kdrama series, I was absolutely elated to find out that there are multiple locations in the Philly area. 

We've had it delivered and also ordered for pick up. We're about 10 minutes from Chinatown, and both times our food was still perfectly crispy and piping hot by the time it arrived and we were able to eat. 

If you like spicy, I highly recommend the hot spicy drumsticks. They have a kick, but it's the kind that leaves you wanting another bite. 

*Pro-tip* if you're ordering through Doordash - the online menu will only give you the option for special spicy or hot spicy (or a combo of both). We really wanted to try the Olive Original (basic fried chicken, no sauce) so we gave them a call to see if they could do it and they were happy to accommodate. Also note that they only have the option to order until 6:15 pm on doordash, but they're actually open until 9 - so give them a call if you're looking to order past 6:15.
Solid KFC spot. Personally, I like this place better than the other spots in Chinatown. The flavor is better and chicken is juicier. The wait time is similar since KFC takes time to fry. 

It's definitely more lowkey since it's more of a grab & go spot since there are no servers. There are seats for dine-in but it's definitely not a place where you're attended too. You pay for it, you get your food and you pick a place to sit.
Not bad but room to improve. 

Saw that this new place replaced the former Taiwanese chicken spot. The layout is basically the same with just a few additional aesthetic changes. 

The menu is still a work in progress as of March 17, 2018. Specialty tea drinks will be served soon. The main draw is the fried chicken. 

The fried chicken is supposed to be Korean fried (twice fried then sauced). FYI, like Bonchon, the proprietors are Chinese, not Korean. 

I will say they are first establishment to serve olive oil fried chicken in Philadelphia. I opted for 10 wings with secret spicy. I wasn't sure if you were allowed to do half half flavor... The menu said it was an option for large orders. My mistake for not asking. 

They fry to order, so expect to wait at least 15-20 minutes. So be patient. Hint, anytime your wings comes out faster than 15 minutes, your wings were pre fried or sitting under a lamp. Another sign of frying to order is the juiciness of the wings. 

Yes, this place served pretty juicy wings. The wing sizes were good too... Not the oversized steroid wings and not the tiny dry ones. The breading was fairly even but not as perfect as bonchons. The sauce was drizzled on and not brushed on which made eating the wings challenging if you wanted sauce on every bite. 

Secret spicy was kinda like Asian sweet chilli sauce. Not bad but definitely lacked "spicy" flavor. Ordered a side of pickled radish which were good, but diced kinda small. They charge $1.50. 

Overall I did like the wings. If they offer half half sauce on orders of 10 wings, definitely go for that. Eating the same sauce for 10 wings got boring. 

Will come back to try other sauces and their new tea and dessert options.
great place to get your Korean fried wings if you've been craving or wanted to try it for the first time. this place is a chain restaurant, so just writing a review specifically on this location. ive had the one in boston (and the spicy sauce killed me so didn't even bother to order that here if it's a chain restaurant and they use the same sauce), but this location is not a restaurant style like the Boston one, but there is seating area for you to sit and eat. 

the wings here are your typical Korean fried wings, very delicious fosho. one thing that sucks is that you have to pay for the radishes.. those usually come for free with korean chicken but they really want to suck the money out of us.

also the wait SUCKS. like its supposed to be quick, but it takes forever. and there's like only one chef in the back and they messed up our order. they need to hire more cuz whoever was cooking in the back was struggling to push out all the high demand orders. and with that, the front lady taking the orders wasn't friendly at all and was chinese, not korean.

would I come again? I don't know. probably just stick to bonchon. it has more flavor there
My favorite Korean bbq joint in town, I come here at least once a month when the craving kicks in. I like to go for the boneless to make things easier. I've tried the honey garlic, soy garlic, and secret spicy, and I think my favorite is still the honey garlic, always with a side of sweet potato fries. They also have an extensive drink selection, I've tried the blueberry cheese tea and strawberry cheese tea which are so good! Recommend calling in the order if possible, otherwise it takes at least 10 minutes for the chicken order to be prepared. They also have a punch card so you get a stamp for every $15 spent, with $10 discount for 10 stamps collected.
Drinks are great, chicken is a hit or miss. Tried the soy garlic and honey garlic and both were delicious fresh - crispy and flavorful. The honey garlic had a weird aftertaste once it cooled down but just throw it into an air fryer and it should be good again. Came back the following day and got the soy garlic and secret spicy. Secret spicy was delicious, soy garlic had wayyyy too much garlic. Will probably go back but it's definitely hit or miss depending on who's making your chicken. Love the drinks! It's more on the expensive side compared to other bubble tea spots but they give you a lot and use real fruits.
Came across this place while looking for bubble tea in the area. I got the Ruby milk black tea with amber bubbles and 50% sugar. I could've definitely gone 70%. The flavor of the tea was alright, pretty basic. The bubbles were not particularly soft, almost felt semi-solid and needed alot of chewing haha. I think I would've preferred lesser bubbles as well. 
I see they have many other options that looked interesting and worth giving another chance to!
You have to try the Rose Milk Tea it's exceptional! The milk tea isn't overly sweet like the other places and tastes so fresh. Also, their cups are so cute! I've never had an issue with their Teas and I keep going back for more every time i'm in the area!
Their fried chicken is excellent. Very crispy with lots of sauce and very big pieces. Service is pretty slow but worth it just for the wings to be freshly fried.
Better than Popeyes. I ain't never had chicken like this before in my life. Definitely coming back Monday-friday
Very disappointing. Wings were so tiny, flavor was blah. Doesnt have rice. Does not give out water. This place was a lot better a few months ago.. probably changed management. Dont waste your money here
Finally some good Korean fried chicken in Chinatown! I tried the 10 pieces honey garlic chicken wings for $12.95. The wings were tap-tap crunchy on the outside and moist inside. Every bite had just the right amount of honey garlic flavor. My only complaint would be that for $1.50 you don't get enough pickled radish and they are cut unevenly. Also, I wish they had more sides than fries and pickles. Overall I thought the chicken was delicious and I am definitely going to be a regular here!
With all the reviews comparing this place to Bonchon and raving about its superiority, I had to give this place a try. Yet, I did not come to the same conclusions as the prior reviewers did. I found bonchon to be by far the superior Korean fried chicken place. I thought the chicken for this place is fresh, but the breading was overly thick. Whereas, I found bonchon's sauce to be finger licking good, this place paled in comparison. The sauce was not evenly coated and was quite bland in my opinion (I got the red hot garlic and hot spicy). Also, bonchon's wings orders comes with the cubed pickled daikon, but you will have to pay at this place for it. Next time I'm craving Korean fried chicken, I'm heading to bonchon.
Fried chicken and boba... what more can you ask for? When I compare this place to other fried chicken places like Bonchon, I actually would prefer Bonchon more. Partly because I don't like my wings doused in as much sauce as other people would. It's definitely a preference on how saucy you like your wings. I tried their 10 piece wings (half secret spicy and half soy garlic) and 5 piece of their boneless golden original chicken. Their secret spicy was not spicy at all. Like there was absolutely no heat from it. It kind of tasted like an off sweet and sour sauce. The soy garlic wings were pretty good. My favorite, however was the original boneless chicken. Their boneless chicken pieces were huge and crispy. As for their boba, their jasmine milk tea is good and their boba balls are perfectly chewy.
Visited this new joint hoping to be wow'd by the different flavors they offered. There were like 5 or 6 flavors, secret spicy, honey bbq, soy garlic to name a few. 
It was a self serve sort of place. The menu was pretty strict as in you are not allowed to have different flavors unless its a large order.

We ordered the boneless chicken combo: 6 pieces boneless chicken, a side of fries and drink (either a can of coke, pepsi, sprite or iced tea)
First of all, the chicken pieces were generously coated with sauce but only the top. It was as if someone had poured the sauce over the pieces at once rather covering all sides.
Second, there was actual pieces of fat with every bite. The chicken pieces actually felt slightly undercooked. Could not get through more than 2 pieces.
Third, there was no option for sampling these sauces. A separate order of sauce costs $2.
The fries were like any other fries. Cannot tell if they are the frozen kind or not. 

2 stars for the range of sauces they offer. Minus 3 stars for the actual quality of food. 

A suggestion to BBQ chicken: Offer free samples of the different sauces. (I discovered that "Secret Spicy" was more on the sweet side)
I placed a take out order while outside which they told me would take 15-20 minutes.  You place your order and they give you an order number.  

Went with order of 10 wings $12.95 with the hot spicy sauce.  For me it's mildly spicy and disappointingly the wings are lightly coated with the sauce that they might as well be naked. It comes with a side of radish.  

Maybe they are more generous for those who dine in with the sauce but I don't know if I'll be in any rush to try the drumsticks and the boneless chicken orders.  

The wings have a reasonable amount of meat on it but man I wish it was drenched in the sauce or that I had sauce on the side without being charged extra.   

Maybe this place may be better than BonChon but I can't say that yet without trying both places at least one more time, but I'm happy there's another additional choice for korean fried chicken in the city.
Comparable to bonchon prices and quality, would come back!

Cute layout, limited menu - it's barebones fried chicken and fries, but apparently boba is coming soon. 

The chicken was very juicy and flavorful, and the spicy sweet sauce had a nice heat. The chicken was piping hot, and I think it was cooked fresh to order! Wish we could have split the order to try different sauces, but apparently that's for larger orders (although we ordered a ten piece). Another nice touch are the plastic gloves provided with every order to avoid sticky hands.
Friends of mine know that I am a huge fan of korean fried chicken! From the original soho cafe in cheltenham to bon chon in Chinatown. I love trying them all, my waistline not sooo much but eh  with waker chicken gone from the HMart in cheltenham (still upset over this) this place in Chinatown is now my favorite. The seasonings are great, wings are always fresh and crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. Cute little place inside but I have only gotten taken out and even driving those wings 45 min or so home, they remained crispy when i got home. Tsaocoa is the bubble tea place that is pretty well known, has amazing teas and other drinks and BBQ is the chicken place. My favorites are the secret spicy and the soy garlic, both are a little on the sweeter side than other korean chicken places but still very good.
BBQ: chicken is so good!! Nice and crispy. 90% authentic Korean chicken (Korean approved). 

Tsaocaa: not worth spending $5-6 unless you go for the happy hour. They put 1cm of cheese foam for the mango cheese drink and grapefruit tea tasted just like grapefruit syrup+ice.
Combined boba and korean fried chicken place - decent hangout spot with plenty of seating (when I went on a saturday night) and the usual games (jenga). 

Boba itself is ok...taste is average, boba is chewy enough. Names are kind of deceptive. For example, I asked what the ruby milk tea was, and the cashier straight up told me it was just black tea.

The chicken though was fantastic! Tried the boneless chicken, wings, as well as drumsticks (which were HUGEE) in classic flavors (e.g. honey garlic, soy garlic, spicy). The skin is crispy and the meat is moist. If you eat in, they even have gloves so your hands don't get dirty.
When they first opened, 5 stars hands down. But as time go by, I noticed their wings becoming smaller and smaller. The wings were so small, it def wasn't worth $1+ a piece. I usually order 20 wings for $25( I believe...over $20 for sure ) half soy garlic and half honey garlic. I am very disappointed with the quality. I used to go to bonchon, but because of the quality of their wings, I stopped going. When I heard they open up this place, I was so excited and was pleased in the beginning. I hope they improve the quality of their food because honestly I still
Prefer this place more. They offer more variety of sauces than bonchon. 3 stars despite the super tiny wings because they offer buy one get one drinks deal. Haven't tried their drinks, but this is a great deal so I will give it a shot.
Love the seasoning they put into the chicken! I'm not a big fan of crispy batter but this place actually changed me! Love the cheesling (?) flavor as well as the other ones. My husband and brother love their honey soy boneless chicken too! This place is the 2nd place in my fav chicken wings/boneless list after Soho Cafe! I'd definitely recommend this place to everyone. 
p/s: wait time is a pain tho, so I always call ahead to pick up.
I am confused as to whether this is still the original bbq.chicken restaurant. We spent $50 here at "bbq.chicken" to end up being disappointed. Wings were the size of my thumb and the flavoring is not the same as what it was a month ago or at other bbq chicken locations.... I highly recommended you spend your money somewhere else.
This is 10 Pieces Wings  I'm super dissatisfied, This quality is so disappointing, they count this tiny piece for one piece of chicken?!!!
Ordered via Yelp EAT24. This is some solid Korean fried chicken. The batter is super crunchy, and you can hear and feel the crunch when you bite into it. Big fan of the spicy sauce, it packs a nice heat and is a little bit sweet. In addition, the 10 piece came with a side of radishes. 

French fry game needs to step up. They were unseasoned and basic shoestring fries. 

Andy's Fried Chicken is pretty similar if you're looking for something around Fishtown or Grad Hospital.
They have so many different drinks and making me so hard to choose. I chose the caramel bubble milk tea with dark brown sugar. It delicious. I will definitely go to this store again. 

5 stars for everything. 15 mins is worth it! They fry the chicken right after the order. I am not complaining at all. It perfects. 

Their chickens are one of the best thing I have ever tasted. The honey garlic sauce and the secret spicy are fantastic. They give out the radish to reduce the hot for the spicy.
I love this place! The chickens are always freshly made and they're really crispy and juicy.
Love their chicken!  my favorite is the spicy one.. It tastes similar to cafe soho, and It's close by. Satisfied my Korean chicken cravings.
Move over Bonchon because bbq chicken is bringing that awesome crispy fried chicken in more flavors. My first trip here to try them out left me with cravings I didnt expect. The boneless chicken in the cheeseling flavor was new to me but surprisingly good and those honey garlic wings are excellent. I also tried out the cheese blueberry fruit tea and that was delightful almost like a bluberry ice tea cream cheese milkshake if that makes any sense. If not, I recommend trying it for yourselves.
Never had anything like this and it was amazing! We tried each and every sauce. The cheesling is AMAZING! It's a powdered cheese, not a sauce cheese. It's melt in your mouth good. I also loved the spicy sweet sauce. The radishes were delicious. 

Every tea we tried was great. The iced grapefruit tea is awesome and super refreshing! 

Restaurant is super clean and new and fun! 

People below complained about the wait. I'm not sure why. Everything is fried to order. It's not "supposed to be quick" like a reviewer said below. I mean, look at the menu's disclaimer.
I tried this place for the 1st time yesterday and it was delicious. I ordered the 10 piece wings with honey garlic sauce and it was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The quality of the meat was good and the packaging for the  Wings was convenient. The only thing that sucks is that you can't mix 2 different flavored  Wings unless you order 20 wings or more. I would have liked to try 2 different flavors for 10 wings. Oh since everything is made fresh be expected to wait at least 15-20 minutes minimum for your food even if it isn't crowded but the quality is worth it. Would change this to 5 stars if they allowed 2 flavors for 10 wings.
The chicken is 2/5 but the drinks are 4/5. I hesitated to try since many bad reviews since they were first opened but recently, my friends said it has gotten much much better and it taste better than other spots in Philly.. so I went and got my hopes crushed. The crispness was definitely different and better than other local spots but the flavor was just not there yet, at least for me. This could be because they have different chefs on different days but it should be consistent.. will not be back again any time soon for these chicken (soy garlic, secret spice, and definitely not the olive chicken). The olive chicken was so bland and all I tasted but bare oil. I was looking for an olive chicken spot locally since a place far away serves them so well, but was very disappointed at this spot. 
I will definitely be back for their drinks! You could actually taste the tea flavors! The original amount of sugar was perfect, if you choose any less, it might taste like water (alert!)
I do a lot of yelp research and this place came up one day. I LOOOOVE Korean fried chicken so I deff needed to try this. The chicken in Korea is very crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. This has a rating of 10/ 10 for its flavorful flavors and crispiness. The inside has lots of chairs and the menu is very easy to read. I wish they offered beer and other beverages but other than that it's great
Note: this is based on the Tsaocaa side of the restaurant 

Vibes: clean, good for groups, quick service

Tasting notes:
-Cheese blueberry tea: a blend of flavored Monin syrup, frozen blueberries, and ice with 10% of the cup left for the cheese foam; drink was part watery, part melty ice, and rich cheese foam that I had to sip by maneuvering the straw through the layers

Other thoughts:
-The drink was solid, but shop logistics need work. When I went, they were out of two cheese teas and boba altogether. This makes it hard for me to want to come back, as opposed to the numerous other bubble tea shops in Chinatown.

Will I be back? I've heard good things about the fried chicken, so we'll see.
Not gonna lie, better than Bon Chon in my opinion and comparable to Soho with its own twist -- my new comfort food in Chinatown:

Some of the best things about this place: 
- Great price for the quality and size of the chicken wings/drumsticks
- Juicy, juice, juice yet crispy fried chicken. Love the idea that it is deep fried in olive oil for a health...ier alternative (let's be real, it's still fried chicken) 
- Best flavor in my mind? Soy garlic and spicy for the win. If you get the large size, you can mix two flavors. 
- Accepts credit card 

Downside?
- 20 to 25 minute wait, so be prepared or call in advance if you're hungry and have no patience (aka me). But then again, making the chicken fresh and juicy is worth it
- No pickled radish side 
- Extra cost for sauces
Good bubble tea and delicious chicken at a good price point! Heads up, the dipping sauces are sweet
Don't get their boneless chicken. The size of the chicken is like the biggest size you can get from a general tso chicken order !!! I wasted $23 some dollar for the size of small dry and heavily bread chicken.  It's very hard to eat and very dry no taste at alll!!!! 
Very disappointed!!!! Don't waste your money here and go to the BBQ chicken at Hmart.
We used to love the chicken here. We ordered drumsticks and wings for pick up today and noticed that the interior was different. Maybe there is a new owner/manager, but the chicken we had today was disgusting. It had a foul smell and tasted sour. 

Maybe we will give this place a last try since we loved the chicken here so much, but utterly disappointed that we had to throw out the entire order today.
Hit or miss. I've been here twice and had very different experiences with the chicken each time. Both times I got hot spicy 10 piece boneless chicken. The first visit was great, the chicken was crispy and the sauce had my nose crying, in the best way possible. The second time was disappointing because the chicken was soggy. The sauce was still good, but what's the point of fried chicken if it's not crunchy? 
I guess everyone has their days. I might try it again, but I'm hesitant to roll the dice cause this dice ain't cheap.
Returned and tried the fresh fruit tea. It was very good. They've also updated the place so the interior looks lot more welcoming.
I've had both bubble tea from Tsaocaa (the Sakura flavor) and BBQ chicken.  I had the chicken first a long time ago, and unfortunately wasn't able to snap a photo.  The chicken is really good - really crispy, full of flavor, and super satisfying.  The only thing was that when I went, I do remember it took waaayy longer than it should have.  I ordered it as take out, and I waited around for at least half an hour.  They weren't busier than any other place would have been normally on the day I went, so it was a bit offputting.

As for the drink - I did enjoy it overall.  The cup is super cute and the packaging of their bubble tea is unique and convenient.  I would like to come back and try their other flavors, as the menu is interesting and extensive.  Overall though, not sure if I was totally in love with what I got.  The flavor was really good at first, a little herby and sweet and weirdly did match in my mind what I think sakura would taste like.  However, after sipping at it for a while it started to taste a littleee too grassy / like a freshly mowed lawn.  The boba was soft though.  Not my fave bubble tea in Chinatown, but again I do really want to come back to try other menu options.  The wait time for my drink was also a little on the long side - this time around, my partner and I were the only people there so that was a bit annoying.  Overall though, I do like the drink and food offering here, and the interior is cute and relaxing.
1 star for the generous amount of sauce they gave unlike the fried chicken joint next door.

However, like some other Yelpers said, the chicken looked and tasted uncooked. Personally, my husband and I felt the meat lacked of seasoning. It felt like they just fried the boneless and drumsticks, then drizzled the sauce on top and serve. The fries that came with the combo also lacked seasoning and very dry. 

We saw from their TV screen menu: the combo menu of $9.95 includes boneless chicken, fries (sweet potato $1 extra), and soda. On the bottom, it said if we substituted soda with tea, there will be $1 off of the combo price. So I opted for tea instead of soda, and the cashier added jasmine milk tea to my order and charged $2.65 on top of the base price $9.95! Their jasmine milk tea is also bland and barely had any jasmine smell to it.

We will not be back.
Skip the chicken, come for the drinks. 

Tsaocaa and BBQ chicken are both two huge chains. I enjoy tsaocaa's boba since you can actually taste the tea in their drinks in comparison to kung fu which uses way to much milk and it's less sugary than tea do. As for BBQ chicken, I always see it in kdramas so I was excited to try it out in person. 

While BBQ chicken is more crispy and the chicken tastes more fresh than bonchon's...it really lacks flavor? Like the olive chicken tastes like oil. Which was a given but the other flavors tasted just like the plain olive. 

The boba is consistent to the other tsaocaa chains scattered throughout the city. I come here quite often since it's less crowded than the more popular boba shops in Chinatown. It's not bad boba! I think it's the location that makes it less popular (more towards the back corner of chinatown whereas others are in the middle). I can actually hear my friends talk when we have conversations. A major plus. 

If it's your first time- I'll recommend the ruby milk black tea. Last time I went, my friend and I got the cocoa milk (because we wanted chocolate milk), king milk tea, and matcha milk. Matcha milk tasted like milk not so much matcha. I wouldn't recommend that. But most other drinks are fine!
Yay for friends who take me to new fried chicken places for belated birthday celebrations, which led me to this newish spot in Chinatown! The fried chicken is crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside, and happily flavorful. Also, they provide nifty gloves to use while you eat your chicken - extra sanitation and you keep your hands nice and clean. One minor downside is that you have to pay a lil extra for side radishes and I wouldn't say that the service was particularly stellar. 

However, I enjoyed their boba drink selections, especially given the slim tall cups that they were served in (see pics). Visually, it looks just a tad classier than all their competing boba joints in the area. 

I don't generally feel like getting fried chicken very often, but when I do, this place definitely high on my list of options in Philadelphia!

PS. Anyone else think their wall painting looks like an Asian version of Ariel?
Want to give them 1 star but honestly the food(chicken) is not that bad so put one more star for them for that point. We spent more than half hour waiting for one order. Me and my husband walked to the counter (because we thought it was our order) and the lady asked what number we are, we answered and she said 'your order is not ready' with expressionless face -_-. Then when I got home, I found that they forgot my drink. Food and Drink are okay but service is pretty sick. Will go back for chicken but not sooner (probably again next year) and here will be only bubble tea place that we won't give tip even a penny.
This is the place. This is the good stuff. DELICIOUS FRIED CHICKEN. It's not your typical Popeye's, KFC, Crowns, Gus' World Famous, it is the Asian version of fried chicken, and it is awesome. I've only gone with Original Olive fried chicken (wings over drumsticks over boneless). It comes hot and with a light, airy/crispy texture. Juicy chicken, too. 

Things I'd avoid - fries are good, nothing special. Service is decent, no one's trying to pamper you. Perfect with ketchup, reheat if taking away. Wear the gloves to eat the chickens. Call in for take-out because the wait can be up to 30 minutes.
The blended grapefruit was so refreshing. It was a nice slushy consistency and the grapefruit flavor wasn't too bitter. The colorful ruby tea definitely had some darker notes to it, so I'd only recommend it if you like more earthy teas like oolong. Service was fast. The paper menu and the menu on the signs are slightly different from each other.
We came back once again, only to be disappointed. We placed an order through phone for 20 wings, secret spicy and honey garlic. When we got there about an hour later, they didn't have our order ready yet. They had an order of 20 wings soy garlic on the side and asked if we wanted it or wait another 20 minutes. We decided to wait since we already drove all the way here.

20 minutes later, they said our order is ready. We paid and left. When we got back and opened the box of wings, it was all soy garlic. What did we waited for? Did they just took that box of wings on the side to reheat and give it to us hoping we won't noticed? A very disappointing experience yet again. Poor service.
Typically the chicken here is fantastic, but today they decided to sell pieces of deep fried breading and chicken wings with no meat on the bones. See below for a few pictures, with a quarter for reference on size. For a $20 order, this is unacceptable.

I attempted to call bb.q chicken so they could resolve the issue and refund my credit card, but they want me to bring it back to the store. Given that I leave 30 minutes away, this is not an acceptable solution.

Ultimately, I returned what was left by driving to their store. Rather than apologize for the fried breading they sold me, they looked shocked that I only had a few wings left. Of course I only had a few wings; there wasn't enough there to make even a partial meal. 

Disappointing meal and especially poor service and reception from the management here. This used to be one of my favorite places to eat, but after how this quality issue was handled, I don't want to give them my business again.
This place has been open for a while but I only finally got a chance to make it to this corner of Chinatown. It definitely felt familiar to the bbq chicken brand in Korea with a few interesting twists (i.e. combos, chicken sandwich) and marrying the bubble tea brand Tsaocaa in the same store makes it a perfect hangout spot for students and other young people needing a place to crash and eat. I got the boneless chicken combo (6 pc w/ fries and a drink) with honey garlic flavor. They only have Pepsi or water outside of the tea (tea's only a dollar off if you get it in the combo) so I settled with water.

The food itself was good, and very reminiscent of Korean fried chicken I've had in Seoul: Super flavorful, good amount of crunch, and stood the test of time of talking while eating. It came out pretty quickly too, so if you can look past the lack of drink options, you can come out spending around $10 and leaving decently full and happy.
This place is so inconsistent with their drinks. Sometimes it's perfect sweetness and others, it's way too much. Also, they also tend to screw up my drinks. Last time, I ordered a drink with no sugar and they loaded it with 100% sugar. Also, the peach tea drink came out to be a strawberry one. ???? Not sure how that happened. 

Anyway- my favorite here is the brown sugar milk tea with Oreo and foam. I love the thick foam and it goes really well with the drink. For my daughter, she loves the frozen grapefruit one.

Haven't tried their chicken yet, so have yet to comment on that
I didn't get to eat the chicken yet.. waited more than 1.5 hrs for the food to get delivered. Just an FYI never get delivery from here or you'll get hangry.
My gosh the people who work here are lazy and need an attitude check. Closes at 10, we got kicked out at 9:15, we were allowed to make our order but if we knew any  better, probably wouldn't have went cause we had our food but no table to sit and eat at. Tbh, an attitude change would help the business  a lot cause the chicken is freshly made and is pretty good, but that type of customer service makes me not want to go back. The lychee strawberry bubble tea I got there was watery and didn't taste too good.
If you're feeling lazy and don't feel like getting your hands dirty but craving KFC, look no further. It'll hit all your spots minus the messy fingers (unless you're into that). The skin to meat ratio is exactly how I like it. Like all KFC places, make sure you call at least 45 min ahead as its takes a while if you're doing take out!
Really good drinks. Super fresh and the chicken is even better. Double fried extra crispy w tons of flavor. I actually like it better than bonnchon
They have the Korean bbq chicken. On menu it says they only do half & half for large orders, but they actually can do half & half for small orders too. We ordered 10 pcs boneless chicken, half with secret spicy sauce and half garlic soy. Secret spicy is too sweet for me, garlic soy is mild. It's a bit of wait if you order there. We waited for about 10-15 mins.
Can't comment on the chicken that this place is known for, but I dropped by to try their drink, the Tsaocaa tea. It blew my socks off! As a bubble tea fanatic, I think I've found my new go-to drink for my trips to Chinatown.

My boyfriend and I ordered the Cheese mango tea to share. It tasted like a delicious tea-infused mango slushie with a light layer of cheese foam on the top. I'm normally not a big fan of cream in cold drinks, but the foam was a perfect savory complement to the more refreshing icy tea. It comes served in a 700mL bottle, which looks huge. We decided to split one between the two of us, which was a big mistake because it was so delicious that I wanted more.

Will definitely return to try some other flavors!
I've never had their bubble tea, but I heard it's fantastic.  What I have tried is their fried chicken.  I am a fan of their fried chicken, but I have had better.  Korean Fried chicken is the best fried chicken out there, in my opinion.  

Tsaocaa & BBQ Chicken seems to make the chicken fresh when you order it.  When I order it they always ask if I'm okay with waiting 15-20 mins to make the fried chicken.  

(+) Decent prices
(+) Great bubble tea
(+) Made to order
(-) Not my favorite Korean Fried Chicken, but still good.
(-) Sometimes it takes a while for the chicken to be made

If possible, I recommend placing an order through the phone or online instead of ordering in-store.
I love love love Tsaocaa'a slushes! We come here as often as possible, as the slushes just cannot be beat by any other place. Having tried Vivi, Teado, and Kungfu, I will always choose to come to Tsaocaa over those. 

The staff is quick and friendly, and the drinks are delicious. We don't love sweet drinks, but when you do 0% sugar, there is still a slight sweetness from the juice and jellies. I recommend the grapefruit, strawberry, and mango slushes, as they are the most refreshing ones on a hot summer day. 

They do have indoor seating available if you are comfortable. I haven't tried the chicken yet, but it does look delicious.
It was ok. I have to say that they also had these sweet potato fries... fantastic. The chicken was crunchy but I thought that the flavors were not that great. The spicy with 3  was not that spicy. They had this cheese one that was fried in olive oil that my boyfriend really enjoyed. In my opinion, they need to up the flavors. We also had a honey one I believe that really didn't have that sweet flavor.
Came in at 9PM and there nobody else there but:
- Tables were dirty
- Wasn't greeted by counter person (not a big issue)
- Ordered drinks and chicken, but waited 30 min and no drinks??
- Counter person Xin Yi was just eating and playing on her phone
- Had to go up and ask if the drinks were done, to which she said "oh I forgot to call you up."
- Drank lukewarm boba probably sitting for at least 20 min. Pearls were too soft.
- The chicken was delicious at least hence 2 stars and not 1. Understandable that there's a quite a wait as they're freshly made. But not sure how I feel about charging $1.50 for pickled radish considering most places offer that as a complimentary side.
I got the Boneless Chicken with korean sauce and it was decently good. The chicken did not taste overly fried and the chicken was very tender and juice. I also order Takoyaki, but they forgot to put it in the bag. So if you come here make sure you leave with everything you ordered. I also got the strawberry mojito bubble tea and i have to say that it is worth going back again just for this drink. The location is small but clean and really has the korean vibe of trendy, yet low key. If you like juicy chicken and unique bubble tea this is a great stop.

Update: i came back here again because the mojito drinks were just that good. So, i got the pineapple mojito and the person that took my order last night remembered me and reminded me that i didnt get the takoyaki i order the previous night. Along with my drink, she gave me my order of takoyaki from the previous night. In my book, they are back to an A+ in customer service.
Don't be deceived by the two chili stars for the Hot Spicy, but if you like spicy then you've found your match. I give the Hot spicy sauce 4 .
