This new vegan and vegetarian Chinese and dim sum spot in The Art Museum area should definitely not be overlooked by the meat-eating community, as everything was delicious and so intriguing! 

We ordered-

- soup dumplings which were filled with broth and piping hot.

- "Shrimp" veggie dumplings which imitated the seafood spot on, even down to the texture and color! 

- General Tsos tofu, which was tangy and flavorful. It was a smidge on the sweet side but offered a decent kick and was accompanied with a nice amount of steamed broccoli and rice of choice. 

-hot and sour soup, which is up there with my top bowl of all times! It had a nice bite, crunchy bamboo shoots and packed a killer kick! YUM!! 

- a peanut-butter bomba for dessert. Creamy PB ice cream in a chocolate shell with drizzle. Well loved by all. 

The menu was super extensive and included an awesome variety of fresh fruit smoothies, vegan milkshakes and juices!   

Based on the deliciousness and welcoming, quick service during our first visit, I very much look forward to tasting everything they offer and heading back here pretty often! 

It's BYO! 
There's kiosk meter parking.
Oh my god!  I cannot even begin to put into words how amazingly delicious the food was I had for lunch. I am not a vegetarian or a vegan but after eating the sesame seitan I do not think I can ever eat meat again. The seitan was light and full of flavor. We also ordered scallion pancakes, general tso seitan and tiramisu for dessert. 

The dinning room is beautiful and the staff wonderfully warm, welcoming and very accommodating. Though I did not eat in since I was grabbing lunch at work, i looked at the menu and am already making plans to eat my way through the menu.
I think I'm in trouble. This is the first time I've been this excited about a Chinese restaurant since I visited a restaurant in Shanghai many years ago. I was addicted after my first visit here, and I've already been back twice in the same week! Yes, this is a vegetarian restaurant with some vegan options, but you don't need to be either one of those to appreciate the tasty treats they are serving here.  However, for me it is nice to be able to order whatever I want and not worry about ending up with pork. The menu is divided into Dim Sum and appetizers, entrees (homestyle and specialty), and finally drinks and dessert. Everything is good, but the Dim Sum/Appetizers and Soup is where Unit Su Vege Really shines. 

Before you even get to the food, for a $1 per person, you can have a pot of tea to share with your meal. What's exciting is it's not just generic hot tea! They have about 8-10 varieties to choose from. I've had the Puer, Blue Eyes, and Lung Ching. The Puer was probably my favorite, but I like strong flavors. Blue Eyes is a fruit based tea that tastes kind of like hibiscus with no caffeine, and Lung Ching is a type of green tea. If you're looking for a cold drink, the kumquat and lemon green tea is hands down the best kumquat tea I've had, and yes, strangely I've had a lot of kumquat tea. The kumquat, lemon, and orange are freshly squeezed into the tea. It is an incredibly balanced and refreshing drink. 

The fungus and mushroom soup is highly addictive. It's got the perfect amount of acidity (perhaps from black vinegar?) and deep mushroom depth. I could make a meal out of this. Get the large bowl to share with you and one to two other people to start. The hot and sour soup is also tasty and peppery is fungus isn't your thing. 

Then add 4-5 items to your order from the Dim Sum/appetizer page. You will be full and happy. I've tried several things now. You can't go wrong, but here are some highlights:

* Taro Cake - Like a potato cake on steroids. So crispy outside with dense and creamy carb goodness inside. Yum! 

* Sesame Bun - Two large steamed wheat dough filled with lightly sweetened sesame paste. 

* Fried Scallops - Strangely these taste scallop like and are crispy outside, tender inside, and covered with a sweet/savory sauce. 

* Fried Pumpkin Croquettes with Red Bean Filling - Perfectly fried and slightly sweet, with a roughly mochi-like inside, soft filling in the middle, and super crispy outside. 

In my third visit I ordered a sizzling fried tofu platter. The taste was good and it came out hot, but certainly not sizzling. The sauce tasted like it was composed of Sichuan broad bean paste, ginger, and soy. I haven't tried other entrees, so I can't say how they compare. It didn't have me hooked like the small bites though. 

My only complaint is that parking can be difficult as it is all on the street. That can't be helped though, and it's worth taking the time to scope out a spot for this deliciousness! The dining room is modern and classy. Service is prompt, friendly, and helpful. Every time I leave I think about the next time I can return!
What a hidden gem!! I love this place so much. I accidentally ordered from this place due to a UberEats promotion. However, Uber had messed up my order and I never received my food. I called the restaurant and the lady offered a discount for me to order directly from them for a pickup. What a sweet lady! 

This place is all vegetarian and also has some vegan options. The cooking reminds me of some Taiwanese food my mom used to eat when she used to be vegetarian. 

I love this place because they have brown rice options! The food also taste very healthy and authentic. The eggplant tofu garlic sauce is my favorite dish so far - sauce is so good it'll make you want to preserve every last drop of it to use in your cooking. The three mushroom soup pairs well with any rice dishes you get, not to mention the health benefits of all the different types of mushrooms in that soup! You're doing your body a favor by ordering that soup. 

Second time I got the As You Wish lunch special: mushroom variety wrapped with crispy tofu skin. Delicious - highly recommend. You also get to pick a soup and the special comes with one spring roll for approximately $10. What a deal!! 

The imitations beef chunk in clay pot was good but I wasn't a big fan of the sauce. (Tomato-based) All the ingredients in there were good and I love the uniqueness of these vegetarian dish ingredient. 

Next thing I need to try is their vegetarian dim sum :) 

Overall: great lunch special deals, amazing vegetarian/vegan dishes
I'm a meat lover through and through, but I'd eat vegetarian more often if I could have all my meals here!
My boyfriend and I had been eager to check this place out since we've never been to a Chinese vegetarian restaurant. It just opened and is very nice and clean with cute lighting. They take reservations but there was ample seating when we stopped by.
They have a paper menu where you can check off the items you want, as well as a standard menu with the same items, just with more pictures for you to peruse. When we went a few days ago, they had a promotion where you could get a free bubble tea with any purchase above $10. Take advantage of this deal, our taro milk tea was so delicious!
They have many of the typical dim sum items you would expect. My favorites were the sticky rice shumai, pumpkin tarts, and fried taro cakes. The real winner for me was the General Tso's seitan which was crispy and flavorful. I'm planning to come by again and try more of their specialty vegetarian items.
Loveeeee Unit Su Vege! Unit Su Vege is the only vegetarian Chinese establishment in Philly, and they certainly do not disappoint. They have a wide range of Chinese dishes, ranging from dim sum to regular dishes. I've ordered from Unit Su Vege from Uber Eats, and the food is always delicious as to-go, so I can imagine it being even better if you were to eat there in person! Their kung pao chicken buns and braised beef are my go-to, but I've yet to try more dishes. Will definitely visit in person when the pandemic is over!
Why do I always find these amazing restaurants in faraway cities? 

Fantastic meal here. I wouldn't shut up about how much I loved the menu and the food. Sorry Mom and Dad (although they really liked it too).

MENU: Spectacular. So many great vegan options. Tons of dim sum and all sorts of awesome appetizer and entrée dishes. They also had all kinds of smoothies and juices and teas. 

FOOD: So good! I tried (all vegan): hot and sour soup, BBQ pork, fried scallops, vegetable dumplings, shrimp dumplings, meat dumplings, spring roll, and string beans. Everything was absolutely delicious (excellent flavor and texture). 

PRICES: Very affordable. Dim sum is a great way to try multiple dishes without spending a lot. They also have lunch specials. 

SERVICE: Very friendly and efficient.

SPACE: Nothing fancy but cozy and easy on the eyes. 

I loved this restaurant so much and would recommend it wholeheartedly!
Was at the PMA on a Saturday, wanted something different for lunch locally and spotted this place on Yelp. Lovely little place in a row of shops nearby the museums, unassuming outside, but cosy and inviting inside. Welcomed with a friendly greeting at the door and service remained same throughout lunch.

The dim sum menu is great, lots of choices and good sized, and didn't seem expensive to me. Six dishes and a pot of ginger tea for two came to just over $30.

Food itself was very tasty, we opted for a variety including: braised vegetables in a dark sauce; a crispy BBQ dish; sesame balls; steamed buns with black bean paste; cold sesame noodles (my fave); and something I missed the name of but was mushrooms wrapped in skins.

Recommend for friends, families, couples, old, young and everyone else I missed!
I had been eyeing the very unique menu of this restaurant for several months before visiting. Unit Su Vege had remained take-out for quite some time after restaurants were allowed to reopen. I was going out for a friend's birthday, and she was very interested in the restaurant. As soon as we found out that dine-in was open, we headed in that weakened to celebrate. 

We came in on a weekend, and the restaurant was busy without being ridiculously crowded. We had called beforehand to check in seat availability, and the owner was very welcoming and eager to have us come in. As soon as we came in, we were seated promptly. The menu is a combo of a Dim Sum menu where you check off quantities of small orders as well as a standard entree/dessert menu on the other side. 

Our server gave my friends and I plenty of time to look over what we wanted and check off our orders. We ended up ordering many smaller dishes from the Dim Sum menu. I went for the Cold Sesame Noodles, Vegetarian Roast "Pork" Buns, and Taro Croquettes. The rest of the table got other various Dim Sum items. 

The food came out as a few items at a time due to the nature of how Dim Sum is prepared. As someone who eats A LOT of meat, this 100% vegetarian restaurant with mock meats was DELICIOUS. All of the food was extremely flavorful and high quality. I could tell while eating that the ingredients were fresh and that they were brought out as soon as they were cooked. All of my meat-eating carnivorous friends also enjoyed all of our food items thoroughly. We only had one Vegetarian Kung Pao Chicken Bun that we disliked. 

Overall, Unit Su Vege is a SUPER cool and unique place. They provide all the texture/flavor qualities of standard Asian dishes using mock meat, but ALSO use plenty of plant-based items like taro, tofu, seitan, and fresh vegetables. That gives the restaurant major appeal to meat eaters and plant-based eaters alike. I highly recommend this place and can't wait till I can come back next.
Really tasty, pretty fancy vegan asian restaurant in the East Village. They have cool mock meats and also plenty of traditional asian choices as well as dumplings and dim sum.
I was especially intrigued by and enjoyed eating the "pork belly". Unlike most mock meats that have only one predominant texture this one has a seitan-y portion and a chewy "fatty" portion. 

Vegan scallops were delicious, it's evident they know their way around "seafood".
Within walking distance from Philadelphia's many museums, Unit Su Vege is one of the best new vegan-friendly restaurants in Center City. 
The staff is friendly, prompt, and helpful answering questions about the dishes. Despite the large space, the room has an intimate and private feel thanks to soft lighting, drop ceilings, and a welcoming décor. 
The menu? You could easily eat at Unit Su Vege for a month and never order the same thing twice. Best of all: many of the dishes are vegan. (All vegan dishes are clearly marked with a V to help you decide.) 
Most vegans I know are big fans of seitan, but unfortunately the seitan at Unit Su Vege is not vegan (egg is used for the breading). Hopefully they'll offer a vegan version soon.
The tofu is some of the most deliciously crunchy I've had in the city. Try the General Tso's. Also, wow, all those dumplings to choose from! I recommend the vegetarian (vegan) roast pork bun. Soft, warm, and doughy, it will melt in your mouth as perfect prelude to the main dish.
And speaking of main dishes, save room because...vegan ice cream! 
Yes, vegan ice cream. 
Yes, vegan. 
And yes, the coconut ice cream is heavenly sweetness.
After fortune cookies, stroll down a few doors to Doggie Style and visit with the adorable dogs they have for adoption. And maybe share your good fortune by adopting one!
This place has earned a permanent place in our dinner rotation in Philly.  Food is great and the staff are some of the kindest and warmest in this city by far.

We order three things on the regular:  the Ebony and Ivory (mixed mushroom and bok choy dish with delicious sauce), the seasonal greens (usually Chinese broccoli with delicious sauce), and the General Tso's Tofu.  They never disappoint!!

What's also cool about this place is its dimsum and...  BOBA TEA!
SO GOOD
I have so many great things to say about this restaurant -
1. Nearly everything is vegan, and all of it is vegetarian.
2. Prices are very reasonable, especially for how big the portions are.
3. Service was quick, clean, and our waitress was so kind and helpful (made amazing recommendations!)
4. Simple parking if u have a car.
5. And most importantly, delicious food.
I seriously recommend everyone come to this place for some great Chinese dishes and dim sum, I promise it will not disappoint!
We got fried cashew tofu, sesame noodles, DIY "pork" bao buns, scallion pancakes, bbq seitan skewers, steamed veg dumplings, soup dumplings, "pork" buns, shumai dumplings, and bbq roast "meat".
My faves were 1. The bao buns, 2. The seitan skewers, and 3. The sesame noodles. But literally EVERYTHING was awesome :)
I will most certainly become a regular at this place!
We came here as a group to order a lot of dishes so that we could sample a lot of the dishes on the menu and I have to say that the food just wasn't that good. I honestly think that if you want dim sum you should actually go to a dim sum place in Chinatown the soup dumplings skin was way too thick. If you're used to eating dim sum and you come here and try their dim sum you will notice the difference in the texture and just the overall taste and I just don't think it's really worth eating. If I could give this place 2 1/2 stars for taste I would it's really not that great.
We are so happy to have discovered Unit Su Vege as we've been transitioning to a more plant-based diet over the last few years. 

We ordered veg soup dumplings, "shrimp" dumplings, shumai, sticky rice shumai, "chicken" bao bun and braised "beef" noodle soup. The total came to $37.85 and we had some noodle soup left over between the two of us. My partner's favorite items were the "meat" shumai and the bao bun. Those two were my favorites too in addition to the very impressive vegetarian beef noodle soup. Being Taiwanese, beef noodle soup is something I often crave a handful of times per year - but I have eliminated beef from my diet years ago. I can't tell you how happy I am to have found this at Unit Su Vege and it hits the spot! I'm amazed how they're able to get that deep "beefy" flavor - something I'm going to now have to explore in my own kitchen!

My two small criticisms are that the vegetable sou dumplings are tiny compared to what you'd expect from your usual Shanghai pork soup dumplings. I'm not sure if it's due to the process of how they have to make the veg version, but just something to note. The second is that I really wish and hope in the future they might add turnip cakes and "shrimp" cheung fun - two of my favorite dimsum items!

Overall I highly recommend Unit Su Vege even if you are not vegan or vegetarian - worth the try, it's delicious!
This place has a great selection of vegetarian dishes and friendly service. We ordered the seitan general tsos, mushroom and eggplant clay pot & soup dumplings. The dumplings were less soup, more veggie filling - but still good. The seitan was slightly spicy and crispy, and eggplant dish had an interesting lemongrass sauce that I LOVED. The portions were huge... we had leftovers which is unusual for us. For being entirely vegetarian, I was very happy with my meal. It is also BYOB, worth a visit!
Love love love this place! Since the pandemic has me spending so much time at home, it has become a go-to place for great vegan food! The taste and quality has been consistently delicious.
This place is the holy grail. Endless vegan/vegetarian menu items. I used to be a meat eater and LOVED dim sum when I was a kid. Once I switched to vegetarianism, I thought my dim sum days were over. But this place has found a way to recreate some of my favorite dishes as a kid! From the crispy hoisin duck buns to the veggie shumai to the "shrimp" dumplings to the rice rolls with veggie ham and spinach - everything is delicious. Even if you aren't vegan/vegetarian, it's just really good Chinese food!
It's a travesty I don't live in Philly because this place is a gem!! We love dim sum, we love vegan food. But we've rarely come across the combo that the two cross so beautifully. Everything we got here was 10/10 but our absolute favorites were the vegetable shumai & the shrimp dumplings. Pair these with their magical chili sauce (pictured) and you have the perfect weekend dimsum brunch.
This was fantastic. Vegan kosher Chinese with a full Dim Sum menu. Everything was excellent, especially the dim sum: we had the vegetarian ham rice roll, scallion pancake, vegetarian shrimp dumpling, and veg meat shiu mai. The sesame tofu was also wonderful, with a perfect texture. Definitely check this place out!
Now that my favorite New Harmony is closed, I've been in the market for a vegetarian Chinese spot in Philly. I stopped by Unit Su Vege to get some takeout after visiting the nearby Rodin Museum. After placing my order at the front, I sat down at an empty table to wait for my food to be prepared. The space is incredibly clean and nicely decorated. My food only took about 10 minutes to prepare.

I ordered the Sesame Seitan (soy bean protein with a sweet sour brown sauce and sesame seed). It was a large portion size - enough to last 2+ meals. It was super delicious, but I do wish the pieces had been slightly smaller (to make it easier to eat without a knife, and for a higher sesame-to-seitan ratio). 

I can't wait to come back and try some of their other delicious-looking dishes soon!
We came here on a Wednesday evening and the restaurant only had about 3-4 tables filled. There was only one waitress serving the whole restaurant. The majority of the menu is vegan and some are vegetarian. Luckily, the menu is clearly marked.

We ordered a bunch of appetizers and 1 entree. We ordered the veg pork buns, soup dumplings, veg shrimp dumplings, steamed taro dumplings, pumpkin tarts, scallion pancakes, and bean sprouts dumplings. We ordered the Ebony & Ivory as our entree.

The appetizers were okay in my opinion. The scallion pancakes were my favorite, they were crispy and salty. All of the dumplings either lacked in flavor or had a strange taste. I didn't like the pumpkin tart because they were immensely fried and lacked in filling. 

The Ebony and Ivory entree was pretty good but simple. It was shiitake & enoki mushrooms with celery and bok choi. It was served with brown rice. It was basically just vegetables in a light sauce but I could appreciate it. 

We came here because New Harmony is was closed for the day but honestly I would prefer New Harmony...
Just wonderful . All Vegetarians ! Vegetarian beef Noodles soup , dim sum and  vegetarian Peking duck!
Six of us left pleased! Comfortable environment! Already planing next visits!
Soooo happy this BYOB place opened up near me! Everyone I bring here loves it. The food is delicious and it's all vegetarian and kosher too! Great service and ambiance, and you can't beat the prices. Definitely check this place out
We ordered takeout in May 2020 and while I wish I could've eaten in the restaurant as "normal", Unit Su Vege did an excellent job as always. The food was fantastic, the service was quick, and the phone order, payment and curbside pickup were very easy.

We ordered eggplant tofu garlic sauce (my absolute favorite dish here), Moo Shu veg and tofu, stir fried ho fun noodles, black mushroom with asparagus and bok choy, and rainbow asparagus. All of the dishes were delicious and I can't wait to order again!
My wife and I have been lived in Philly for over 18 years. This new Vege Rest. is the best Vegetarian with Dim Sin we ever  have.
We really happy to have a such wonderful Vege Rest. In Town.
I didn't think Philly needed another Kosher/Vegetarian Chinese food restaurant, but Unit Su Vege is a welcomed addition! I will have to get over the feeling of cheating on New Harmony and Su Xing, but Su Vege feels like a grown-up version of the originals and stands out with its modern decor and menu. The owners are extremely friendly and inviting. Great tea, incredible atmosphere and prompt service. Will definitely return!
This is such a wonderful place for vegetarian or anybody loves good food. The dishes are tasty, healthy and good looking.
One update - looks like they deliver but sadly not into Brewerytown where I live (only about a mile away). Please consider expanding your radius and I will absolutely order delivery!!

Original:
I work close by and was so excited to see this place open. I got the Kung pao tofu lunch special today and I will absolutely be back! Food was hot, fresh and tasty and portion is really generous for under $10. My only comment would be could punch up the flavor just a bit, but otherwise so so excited to have this place in the neighborhood.
Food was great! I have no complaints. Their hours are a little varying during this time which is understandable but not updated on the website. Could also use a few more non-soy-based options for sure.
Food was great, the staff was very friendly and price was reasonable.This is the best vegetarian food in Philadelphia, and I will be there again.
I don't know where to begin,
It started when we walked in;
The food, no meats therein,
The flavors, so great within;
I repeat, nothing came from a skin,
9/10 would go again.
Probably somewhere between a 3 and 4? Mostly loved the food but really appreciated the idea behind the place. 

Massive menu with a myriad of vegetarian options and vegan options as well. Everything looks and sounds delicious. Had some vegetarian roast pork buns as an appetizer which were excellent. Then had the golden rings for an entre. A great idea of little tubes of dough stuffed with potatoes and carrots that almost looked like shrimp. Nice and crispy. Problem was the sauce was thick and heavy and started soaking through the otherwise delicious little rings and made them soggy. Also it was marked as spicy but wasn't really spicy at all. Kind of the same problem with the general tso tofu. Covered in a thick heavy sauce which wasn't super spicy. The tofu was again cooked very nicely but was a bit too thick and hard to cut. Came with delicious broccoli. Also had the chow mei fun. Asked for it spicy and it wasn't necessarily that spicy either. Otherwise was solid. 

Service was OK - a bit slow to take our order and to bring the check. Nice expansive restaurant with good decorations. 

Overall really like the idea of a purely vegetarian Chinese place and most of their ideas are great with lots of interesting vegetables on the menu. Problem is it seemed a bit bland/lacking in spice even when the menu said otherwise, and at least the dishes we got were soaked in sauce that was heavy, made things soggy, and detracted from what the main part of the dish was. Might go back and try out some of the other dishes, and its probably with a try if you're looking for vegetarian and vegan food.
Yet another amazing Asian fusion all-vegetarian option in Philly! We ordered a hefty serving of appetizers, including the glutinous rice rolls (a lot more delicious than they sound) and various veggie alternative meat dishes. Huuuuge menu -- I got sensory overload from all the options! Not too crowded, quick service, and INCREDIBLE vegan cheesecake. We'll be back!
I love their vegetarian and vegan faire.  Reminds me of  Taiwanese style Chinese's food.  This is my go to place in Philly when I am there. Freshly cooked and the steam dumplings are delicious. I have tried probably about 25 of their dishes and each one of them is between a 6 to 8.5.
Kinda surprised at myself for not knowing about this place sooner. Su apparently means vegetarian in Chinese which this place was - all vegetarian. Lots and lots of options. One thing I really liked is there were lots of appetizers or smaller sized plates which made it easy to try different things. The service was impeccable and it was easy to find a table even on a Friday.
Best place ever best Chinese in Philadelphia. One of the best vegan restaurants! Love their noms!
I work close by and was so excited to see this place open. I got the Kung pao tofu lunch special today and I will absolutely be back! Food was hot, fresh and tasty and portion is really generous for under $10. My only comment would be could punch up the flavor just a bit, but otherwise so so excited to have this place in the neighborhood!
Everything here was amazing. There are plenty of completely vegan items on the menu. The Dim Sum menu has perfect portions.

The Pan Fried Veggie Dumplings have really distinct and well-balanced flavors.

Scallion Pancakes were unique because they were fried and soft inside. Very good. 

Both the General Tso's Tofu and General Tso's Seitan are amazing. The sauce is the perfect balance of spicy and sweet. We asked for extra spicy and they delivered!

Another favorite is the Peking Style Noodles- also with extra spice. The dish includes tiny pieces of veggie meat mixed in so you're not overwhelmed with "fake" meat, but still have the right texture. 

We received great food and exceptional service all during their soft opening. We'll be eating in and taking out frequently. So exciting!!
I am so excited that Unit Su Vege is within walking distance of my office. The staff is so warm and welcoming. The food is delicious and they deliver via GrubHub. They are definitely worth a try. And the lunch specials come with rice, soup and a spring roll. Enough food for two meals, for less than $10.00!
Philly has an amazing food scene, but coming from NYC, I was REALLY missing vegetarian dim sum. Finally, here is Philly's answer to Manhattan's Buddha Bodai. I had the chance to try Unit Su Vege this weekend and it did not disappoint. The restaurant interior is modern and welcoming, and the staff were all great (service was very attentive without being overbearing-- A+). My husband and I ordered a variety of dim sum dishes and enjoyed everything, but I'd especially recommend the pumpkin croquettes. They were soft (mochi-like), crunchy, sweet and savory with a little bit of red bean in the middle... I kinda want some, like, RIGHT NOW. BBQ pork buns were great too. And I've never seen a place attempt vegetarian soup dumplings before, so bravo! I'm SO SO SO glad that this place exists and want to tell the world. Bonus-- A lot of their dishes are also vegan, with a "v" indication on the menu.
Amazing! Very original! Absolutely the best around the area. I don't even know if there's anything similar to this style around the area but Unit su vege definitely got my vote for the best vegetarian restaurant in town.
I really enjoyed my overall experience here!! The Dim Sum portion of the menu was delicious. The seitan general tso and Peking style noodles were on point. Will definitely be back!
Awesome vegetarian food! Best Asian vegetarian restaurant in Philly by far. Quality of the food is fantastic and really fresh. Huge dim sum menu in addition to the standard entrees. Also have bubble tea.
Excellent! Huge menu with large and diverse dim sum section perfect for grazing. Food was wonderful! Service great! Decor is modern and comfortable. Website says they are also kosher. Also inexpensive lunch specials. Highly recommended.
Vegan is not my thing. But Unit Su Vege does an excellent job keeping chinese food exciting and tasty. I felt so much better after eating food from unit su vege than I usually do after eating chinese food. The food was so fresh and the portions were nicely sized. I was extremely full after this meal. I cannot wait to go back!
Perfection.  Beautiful, tasty, healthy food; friendly professional service; elegant surroundings; attractively arranged food on pretty plates. Will be our go-to restaurant when we are in the Art Museum area. How refreshing for us vegetarians to find a menu where we can choose anything at all.  
I loved the steamed Chinese barbecue bun and the 'steak' with pepper sauce. Wish I had the recipes.
From the second we walked in we were greeted in a friendly manner. The whole staff was great, great service, and super helpful when it came to giving suggestions. 

We got there pretty late, right before 10pm so it was quiet. There were 3 tables total including ours.

We ordered hot sour soup, spring rolls, vegetable soup dumplings, fried veg balls, pineapple fried rice, and stir fried ho fun. Everything was great! Hot sour soup is my favorite soup and this place didn't disappoint. My boyfriend had the spring rolls and he said he really enjoyed them. It was our first time eating soup dumplings and the dough "wrapper" was thicker than I thought it would be, but maybe that's just how soup dumplings are to hold in the soup? It was still good though, it was flavorful. The fried veg balls were surprisingly better than I thought they would be. It was perfectly crispy on the outside and a nice doughy consistency inside. The pineapple fried rice was good, but warning it is sweet. They used a sticky rice and the texture was perfect! It also does look exactly like the picture on the menu. Lastly the stir fried ho fun was delicious. I usually get beef chow fun without the beef, so to have a vegetarian version with mushrooms was pretty exciting. I got it without the vegetarian ham so they added more mushrooms in for me! The tea is also worth getting. For $1 a person it was a nice addition to our meal. We both had the jasmine green tea. 

Overall we enjoyed our dinner here and would definitely recommend/come back! Also last thing to note, we were pretty full afterwards, but this Chinese food didn't make us feel gross like normal Chinese food does.
I went there the other day.  I order the Vege Kung Pao chicken buns and hot and sour soup.  My friend order a hot pot.  The hot and sour soup was very good, but the buns weren't very filled and they were dry.  The hot pot was okay, but somewhat blah in taste.  The dinner didn't blow me away, but I will order from them again and try some other things.
Lovely dinner here. The vibe is relaxing, the service was relatively fast, and the food was absolutely delicious. I highly recommend the eggplant tofu garlic sauce!
Excellent vegan/vegetarian food.  We ordered the hot and sour soup, the steamed shrimp dumplings, scallion pancake, and the clay pot vegetarian beef chunk stew.  My boyfriend and I both eat meat so and were blown away at how savory and delicious the beef chunk dish was.  The only thing I didn't love was that scallion pancakes weren't great.  Usually scallion pancakes are fried with a crispy outside and soft inside. These seemed like they were baked and were too crunchy. I wouldn't recommend ordering.  The shrimp dumplings were awesome.  They definitely taste and texture of shrimp.
Food was decent, but not colored people friendly. We came in with barely any greeting, the guy got angry because we asked if BYOB Was llegitmate then got agitated and blurted out "I'm not your waiter" About 20 minutes in we finally get greeted by the waiter (who was actually cleaning wondering Around and talking withh guest avoiding eye contact with us) we received  our food 15 minutes apart (so my dad would get his food then 5 minutes  my brothers food and so on) they refused to make eye contact with us  or even talk. "Vegan " items on tHe menu say they are but they really aren't. I had to run up to the lady because she kept ignoring me and avoiding eye contact. I would never come back here the customer service was terrible. I told her thank you and she just stared at me and glared.
Got takeout from here during covid. I don't eat pork and got super excited about a vegetarian dim sum place. Unfortunately the food was pretty bland. We got vegetable steamed buns, Singapore noodles, seasoned noodles, vegetable pot stickers and hot and sour soup. The soup was tangy and delicious, the Singapore noodles had some curry flavor but it was very one note, the filling in the vegetable pot sticks was abundant and well cooked but unfortunately lacked seasoning. I feel like I would want to eat in and see what the waiter recommends before writing this vegetarian friendly gem off.
Amazing place for all vegan options. It's consistent and extremely delicious. When I'm looking for a cheat meal I always get load of items. The vegan shrimp dumplings are amazing.
This place is incredible! Would highly recommend to everyone to try, whether you are vegetarian or not. I ordered online and pickup was ready in 20 minutes.

I ordered the beef noodle soup, which is a must try. The broth is so flavorful and has a spicy kick, with a variety of veggies and some of the imitation beef. The noodles were thin and the perfect texture. I had mine with some black vinegar and it was delicious!

I also tried the peking duck platter, as I was curious as to how it would be executed. The pieces of "duck" we're very flavorful, and a bit crispy on the edges. With the bao buns, cucumber, scallions and sauce, it did well in emulating the flavors of the original dish. I really enjoyed it.

I'm definitely going to try some of the other items here and I can't wait!
I absolutely LOVE this new vegetarian/vegan restaurant.  Upon entering, you are greeted by a pleasant and eager staff who are more than willing to review the menu with you.  There are two menus: one that contains pictures and details of each dish, and a two-sided paper version.  The paper menu allows diners to check off the dishes they'd like and the waitress will review your choices tableside before taking it to the kitchen.  The process is truly efficient.  The ambiance is comfortable.  I have been here twice and have not had to wait.  

The food is delicious and will make you forget that all of the options are either vegetarian or vegan.  So far I have tried and would recommend, the Eggplant and King Mushroom entree, General Tso "chicken" entree, Sesame Cold Noodles, and Rice Shumai.  Having had both the vegetarian and non-vegetarian/vegan versions of these dishes, I promise you cannot tell the difference. The seasoning and cook is spot on.

It can be a hassle to find parking at times but do not let that deter you from giving this new restaurant a try.  I cannot rave enough about the food here.
Terrific! The food was delicious and beautiful. What a comfortable dining hall as well. The wait staff was so attentive. It really was a pleasure to eat here, and they even took care to make sure that my toddler was comfortable as well. This is our go to Chinese place from now on. Welcome to Town!
Great vegetarian and mostly vegan dim sum and entree menu. BYOB also! Owned by same family as Su Xing on Sansom.
While we were excited to taste the food at this well reviewed restaurant, aside from the very fine servers, we were completely underwhelmed. The food was bland and poorly seasoned. We ate a variety of dishes and without exception they were tasteless.
Amazing service AND food! The grand opening deal was also awesome! And they even have bubble tea. All my favorite things in one place, definitely coming back :)
Not bad for a late night Chinese take out joint. I each with foods that we vegetarian instead of vegetarian versions of meat dishes. Order was ready quick after 9 pm.

Vegetarian fried rice was good. Tofu with vegetables was with brown sauce and veggies. Also good, but just because it's vegetarian food doesn't mean it's healthy. Must've been a good amount of sugar in the sauce to make it so tasty.

Would order pick up from here again
I've tried so many veg/vegan restaurants and I'd have to say this spot is by farrrrrrr the best I have ever ever had. 

Everything that I ordered was amazing. Highly recommend the veg soup dumplings and the vegan pork buns...drool!!! 

Super clean business which you don't really come by with  Chinese restaurants and the servers were so nice!

Overall it just felt healthy, like I usually feel like so tired after Chinese food.
I am a vegetarian, and live across the street from Unit Su.  What a gret place for a variety of food that is vegetarian, but has items that taste and look like meat.  My favorite is duck, but I really love the VEG UDON! The veggies are super fresh and the different hot teas are great with the meal. Service and management are super engaged in making your experience perfect.
Beautiful ambiance, kind waitstaff, and delicious food. Freshly renovated to look modern boho-chic with a comfortable atmosphere. As a vegan, being greeted by their bountiful menu was almost as exciting as receiving the food we ordered. We ordered the pan fried vegetable dumplings, pork buns, soup dumplings, and sesame balls, and each thing ordered was better than the last. Wouldn't change a thing from this entire experience and will definitely be back for more!
This is my new favorite spot for vegetarian restaurant choice. I usually order spicy rice noodle soup, and it's really great. The restaurant is really near to my school. Love it.
We are late to discover this spot. Since it's still COVID times we are only able to get take out. That said, the food is amaze balls. So many vegan options. It's brilliant, tasty and the price is right. Highly recommended. Have gotten take out several times since discovering this gem.
Amazing vegan Chinese restaurant!! Everything we got tasted so good and every dish tasted different!! Def in the top three best Chinese restaurants ever!! A must go to in Philly!
I used to go out to lunch w my coworkers Chinese joints in KoP pretty often, but have been eating vegetarian recently. This place is a godsend!  Highly recommend the Peking duck and bbq pork.
My favorite restaurant in the city! Ive been vegetarian for a while and I always struggle to find places that can compare to the general tso's chicken I loved as a child, but I found it here! 
I've ordered the general tso's or sesame seitan at least once a month for over a year. They're both amazing. Sometime I also get the Kung Pao chicken buns. I can't wait to come back and eat here in person once I'm vaccinated!
Not my favorite dim sum place, but always a solid choice. Great vegan options, love their scallion pancakes, sesame tofu, and dumplings
Clean, quiet, polite staff, relatively non-greasy, delicious food, prompt service, recommend without hesitation.
My boyfriend and I ordered take out from unit se vege during our short visit to Philly and it was the best part of our trip! The fact that there is vegan/vegetarian Chinese food that tastes and looks just like real meat is insane, this restaurant really knows what they're doing. In my personal opinion, I would choose unit se vege over any other Chinese restaurant using real meat because it simply just tastes better. 10/10 would eat there every day if I could.

My favorite dish is the vegetarian meat shumai. It tastes and looks just like meat BUT ITS NOT, ITS VEGETARIAN! The hot and sour soup is delicious on a cold day and you can never go wrong with the vegetarian chicken roll with some rice. Additionally, the vegetarian shrimp dumpling is very delicious. The protein inside is similar to imitation crab, but again it is vegetarian!
Pretty decent vegetarian food. We came and ordered some steamed taro dumplings, the "shrimp" walnut mayo, and braised tofu curd. The shrimp was amazingly shrimp like - I was convinced it was made from imitation crab but the waitress informed me it was a gluten/flour mimic! The tea was a bit on the weaker side so one star off. Otherwise really solid for veggie eating.
Unit Su Vege was really good the first time I tried it for lunch on a weekend.  It wasn't too packed and the restaurant had a nice atmosphere and good decor. If you're vegetarian or vegan, I'd highly recommend it! They have some really good options, using seitan, tofu, and other forms of vegetarian "meat." We ordered mainly vegetable, tofu, or meatless dishes, but they really do have a lot of options. I'd want to go back and try the general tso tofu.  Their bubble milk tea was also really good and well made. The bubbles were good and they look like they have really good juices.  They also have vegan softserve ice cream! I will likely be back or order take out!
Open an ATL location!  I love the enormous menu and the excellent service. Everything we tried was delicious and different than anything we can get back home.
Whether you're a vegetarian, vegan, or meat lover..... this place will knock your socks off. All of their food is incredibly fresh and delicious, I could get take out here once a week and not get bored. I ordered the Pickled Cucumbers, Pan-Fried Vegetable Buns, Shanghai Dumplings, & Steamed Vegetable Dumplings. Their hot and sour soup is also excellent. The takeout is always packaged perfectly and very hot & fresh. You must try this place regardless of your dietary preferences!
This is one of the only vegan/vegetarian dim sum restaurants that I know about. The food was exceptionally good. Our favorite was the BQQ pork. It was perfectly seasoned. The seitan was perfectly cooked and so mind blowing that it's vegan! The steamed taro dumplings had an odd grittiness to them. The buns were soft and filling was flavorful.
