(to the tune of Jason Derulo's "Swalla")

Pizzas in a thousand different flavors
Should try to taste a few of them tonight
If you don't have dinner plans
you should bring all your friends
The beer flows fresh and the price is right.

All the folks in here, if you're feeling thirsty
C'mon fill your glasses, craft beer's what they're serving!

Cheesy cheesy 'za, sammies too, and more 'za (drink)
Urban - ooh la la! (drink)
Village la la la
All up in the Piazz-za-za!
Cheesy cheesy 'za, sammies too, and more 'za (drink)
Urban - ooh la la! (drink)
Village la la la
All up in the Piazz-za-za!
Hungry, hungry girls....
My hungry, guys and girls.

This is a BIG get for the Piazza, especially replacing the former King's Oak, which always felt a little "off". The space is gorgeous, with fire pits outside for some chilly evenings and a smooth and polished wooden interior. BUT let's get to the goods:

-LOTS of pizza options, with some incredible crust. Our favorites: 
-The Penelope (house made pepperoni, pesto, ricotta)
-Samantha - spicy sausage, golden fennel, & ricotta salata
-Alma - White pie with asparagus, house-made bacon, house-pulled mozz, and black pepper
-Becca - OH baby! Another white pie with brisket, horseradish, mozz, pecorino, an egg, and some chili relish

-The whipped ricotta appetizer was delish
-Their limited (3) sandwich menu features a KILLER pork-belly option you don't wanna skip and all come with fries
-The "shaved"salad (daylily shoots, asparagus, more golden fennel, almonds, ricotta) was refreshing and wonderful.

They have a huge focus on in-house production, so you know the ingredients are fresh. I was ALSO thrilled with their beer options, especially fond of "Beets by Jay" a low ABV tart brew made with over 300 lbs of roasted beets to smooth it all out. Their Rye Bread IPA is a can't-miss if you're a hop fan.

I already am looking forward to my next trip!
Urban Village first had me with a Berliner Weisse flavored by beets. And since then it has won me over with bold beers, stellar food options, and a great outdoor seating area.

When I first read about the aforementioned beet beer I was scoffing at the idea but also very willing to try. And when I did it Beets by J added up to an unexpected win that also showcased their willingness to go beyond the typical IPA overload that most breweries do. And even though they also do pale ales like their Rye Bread IPA, and juicy milky mosaic hopped Super Villain very well; they continue to make bold new beers like their kettle sour Fruiti Di Bosco made with 3 kinds of fruit puree, and their Night Howler Imperial Stout.

For awhile I knew all this beer stuff about Urban Village without actually visiting the spot thanks to going to fests and grabbing cans at other spots. But upon visiting I instantly enjoyed things like brussel sprouts sauteed with bacon and spiced sweet potatoes, smoked wings with a Moroccan chili sauce, and beer fries with a manchego cheese sauce. I also made note to try things like their pizzas and pork belly sandwich on future visits. The beer was even better in flight form, and the outdoor area was huge and perfect for a good weather day. Toss in even more beer at the Piazza Pod Park now (with a namesake beer to boot), and there's even more reason to stop in.
Northern Liberities finally has a brewery again (RIP Schmidt's). I've seen the beginnings of this brewery since late last year and have been patiently waiting for it's arrival. This brewery is perfectly themed for the area with a good mix of indoor and outdoor seating (firepits!) serving a classic - beer and pizza.

I have tried almost all the beers (not really an IPA person or a stout person) and I have really enjoyed them all. The smoky vanilla porter was a stand out in their selection but I think my ride or die will be the Wildey Wheat. It's such an easy beer to drink. The pizza on the other hand is TOP NOTCH. I love a chewy crust that has a little umph to it. My favorite so far is the Rita, which is just a classic margarita pizza. Just thinking about it makes me want to stop by for happy hour...which is awesome. $10 Rita's and $3 8oz pours. I like that they do their 8oz's on happy hour so you can try a bunch of brews and find your favorite. I think they have a few other pizza's at the $10 happy hour price but Rita is my homegirl. I was impressed that they even have a vegan (no cheese) pizza and other vegan options.

Staff is a little squeaky but that's what you get going to a brand new place. It's worth the visit (plus free parking in the lot next door!). You have no excuse to not make this your next Philly beer excursion.
We originally wanted to go to El Camino, but with a 105 minute wait we went across the street to check out urban village since there were empty tables. We were seated within 5 minutes. Red flag #1- every other restaurant on second street had a long wait. Why didn't this?

We waited 15 minutes for water and our server. 8 1/2 months pregnant on a 90 degree day. I wanted water, damnit! Red flag #2.

After receiving our water, the server took our drink orders and we waited about 10 minutes. When she returned with our drinks, she ran off before we could order food. Again, 8 1/2 months pregnant and I was hangry and annoyed. We were ready to order and she just ran away.

After flagging down 3 other bussers and servers begging for our waitress to come around, she finally came to take our food orders. Our food came in about 20 minutes which was reasonable. The Rita pizza was pretty tasty. Now here's where it really goes to sh1t.

She never came back to check on us once. It would have been nice for a refill of seltzer, or more water. It would have been nice for a box. We waited 45 minutes, flagged down 5 other bussers/servers, and then finally a busser comes over laughing saying she got locked in the bathroom. She finally comes over to apologize and LEAVES without letting us ask for a box or the check. At this point we were ridiculously annoyed with both her and management. If there was an issue like that, management should have explained the situation and apologized.  We finally received our check and left a 15% tip which was honestly 15% more than she deserved. I worked in the service industry for 6 years as a bartender and server and if I was locked in the bathroom (I get it, sh1t happens) I would have immediately come out, addressed all tables and apologized, and had management assist in handling the situation. I probably would have comped a drink or two as well.
Completely unacceptable experience and I am never returning. You pissed off an angry pregnant woman.
Happy to bump Urban Village Brewing Co. up to five stars after my second visit!

My girlfriend and I stopped in to take advantage of their happy hour deal... half price pizzas from 5 pm - 7 pm, Monday through Friday! Neither of us are too crazy about beer, but with such a good deal on their delicious pizzas, we didn't mind passing on drinks and focusing on the food. :P After looking through their great selection, we decided to order two different pies and share. Although it ended up being too much for just the two of us, we were glad we got to try two different kinds and bring home leftovers!

The first one we selected was the pamela which was actually listed under their "menu additions". This pizza came with proscuitto, arugula, and tomato sauce. I really liked it, but after trying the second pie, I knew right away which one was my new favorite...

THE TARA! Absolutely delicious. This pizza came covered with some of my most favorite ingredients/toppings: truffle cream, mushrooms, banana peppers, mozzarella, and pecorino. I honestly can't recall ever having banana peppers on a pizza before, but I totally loved it. It added such a fantastic and unique taste and flavor to the pizza. I also must give a shout out to the team for kindly honoring our request to only add mushrooms to half of the pizza (my friend didn't want them, but I did!). 

I especially feel as thought Urban Village Brewing Co. is worthy of a boost to five stars due to their addition of a cider to the drink menu! In my last review, I was a little disappointed that they did not have any fruity beers and that all were very hoppy. I really appreciate them having added a cider to their selection! Although I wasn't feeling one during my last visit, I hope to try it during my next trip in... which I'm sure will happen very soon!
HAPPY HOUR $10 pizzas, $5 gin and tonics, and other beer specials 

We choose to sit outside and enjoy the amazing weekend weather! (Although some tables have fire pits and heaters) they also have board games to entertain

The pizza crust here is different, like a sourdough crust! 
---sofia: my favorite of the 2 pizzas we ordered, the sausage kind of reminded me of Chinese dumplings though Haha
---tara: mushroom pizza, a good less meaty option 
---truffle fries: addicting 

NOTE: there are some beers available to take home in cans that are not served on the in house menu
I was really excited to visit this place since it recently opened. The environment is cool and fits the no libs vibe - more of a brew pub than a brewery.  The beers were quite tasty (with a great variety), but the service and food was a mess. 

Our server/bartender messed up our beer order multiple times, by not only giving us the wrong beers but also giving us the wrong size, which resulted in us spending more money. The service was also extremely slow.  On a Saturday evening, I was surprised to only see 2 bartenders. 

The food... oh my. If you like a crispy fried pickle- these are not for you.  These are some of the thickest cut pickles I've ever had and tasted more like a tasteless cucumber (no vinegar tang like a pickle should have). On top of the weird cut and flavor, the batter reminded us of a funnel cake and unfortunately there was still raw batter on the inside. 

Quite the disappointment. I won't come back for the food, but I hope the service will improve because the beers were quite enjoyable. 

Go for the Madagascar!
I've eaten at Urban Village a few times, but only recently did I discover the Tara pizza, and it is now my favorite thing to order from there. 

The kitchen is very generous with the toppings and covers the entire pizza with kennett mushrooms - which are sooo good. The truffle cream and the pickled radish complement the mushrooms so well, it makes this the ultimate pizza. I'm not really a fan of the pizza crust, but it's not going to stop me from coming back.

Urban Village used to host trivia nights at 8pm on Thursdays pre COVID, and they are totally doable and fun but also very popular. I usually make reservations 2+ weeks in advance.

Service here is very good. I've only had one bad experience with a group, but the staff at Urban Village wasted no time in setting things right.
Best atmosphere!!! amazing outside tables and little fire pits and string lights all right at the top of The Piazza. 

Really good beers. They came in taster size, 8 oz or 12 oz which were $2,$4,or $6- pretty cheap. Wide selection and we had a knowledgeable server. 

The urban fries had a lot of flavor. The pizzas were had very unique ingredients but were overall average. The emphasized the fresh in house ingredients.

It was such a fun opening night for them. Congrats!!! Can't wait to come back
My friends and I were pretty excited to check this new brewpub out after the Sixers Official Draft Party at the Piazza. We were in dire need of some grub and I had been craving pizza all day!

I was pretty impressed with the layout and atmosphere as soon as we walked in. Very spacious with ample seating and a typical "brewery" vibe - rustic, casual, and comfortable. It definitely met our needs for the kind of place we were looking for. 

My boyfriend and I started with the Moroccan Chili Sauce Wings which came with blue cheese. We both agreed that they were pretty boring in taste. They were really lacking in flavor. I was expecting a lot of out of them since our waitress was speaking highly of the wings when we placed our order. Unfortunately, they just didn't live up to the expectation. In retrospect, I would have rather spent the $10 they cost towards a pizza instead... WHICH WAS FANTASTIC!

My group ordered two pizzas to share amongst the 4 of us. We got the Penelope (red pie) and the Kelly (white). The Penelope came with pepperoni, ricotta, and basil pesto and the Kelly came with kale, pecorino, pistachio pesto, and pickled onion. Although both were good, the Kelly totally outdid the first. It was so flavorful with a very unique taste! It was like no pizza I've had before! If you're feeling adventures and willing to stray away from your average pie, I highly recommend it!

Our waitress was friendly and very patient with us. She offered us suggestions when asked and also informed us of a fun fact: did you know the names of the pizzas come from the first letter of their main ingredient?!?! (ex: Penelope = Pepperoni, Kelly = Kale) Pretty cool and creative, right?! :)

The brews are very reasonably priced - I only wish they had a bigger selection. Everything seemed pretty hoppy, nothing light and fruity. If you are not a beer enthusiast, this is probably not for you because besides that they only have wine and a very limited selection of cocktails (3 to be exact). 

I'm sure I'll be returning to this place at some point since I did like the overall vibe and the food was pretty solid. I can't imagine making a full night here, but I wouldn't mind a casual stop for pizza and a drink with my friends that can appreciate a good beer.
We ordered a couple of their pizzas and their "Chubbies". The Chubbies were intense, the pizzas were good but not especially remarkable. I'm a beer snob so grain of salt: the beers were all nice but nothing really special. I get the feeling that this place is kinda about knowing what to order: if everything we got was as good as the Chubbies, I would have rated 5 stars. All in all, an excellent experience regardless
We are so excited to finally have our new go to place for drinks and food!! 

The service was great, the food was fantastic. The beers are sold in 4, 8, &16 oz, which is great so you can try a little bit of everything!!

My recommendation to management:
Include a protein for salads
Larger food selection

Will definitely plan to be back!
Fun location in northern liberties, much bigger than we expected! Go when the weather is nice and the windows are open. We liked the wooden decor and outdoor seating area. Everyone was very accommodating and polite without seeming like automatons - they enjoy being there too! We were seated right away on a busy Friday night. We had the beer battered pickles as a starter - scrumptious! For pizza we had the kelly and the Rita - one unique and one classic pizza, both delicious! Another highlight are the beers brewed on site. You can get 2oz tasters of all their beers which is a fun way to find out what you like. My favorite was the nectar - light and crisp. My fiance's favorite was the Huntingdon, he got a full glass of it. Excellent service and we'll definitely be back!
I like this place but it's really frustrating me that the pizza has so much untapped potential if someone would just work on replacing the sauce! Another reviewer said it best in that the sauce here is very "soup-y" and bland (my 2 cents).  It completely takes away from how good this pizza really could be. I wanted to start a petition for new sauce but I'm lazy so this review will have to do! (OOOO ooohhhh... So random but maybe it could be a customer contest and the winner gets free beer/pizza for the year - AND if this idea is used then I also need free beer/pizza for the year too got it? Mmm hmm kayyy thanks!) 

...Or scrap that plan and just use Prego dammit! I mean anything but what y'all using now! Lol 

All jokes aside, I like it here. Affordable prices, nice atmosphere, friendly service and pretty good beer. Just needs to work on the sauc... ok, ok I won't get into that again! But you get the point!
I think in a few weeks once this place has worked out it's kinks it will be very nice. However, today the service was pretty slow and the happy hour deal isn't great. They also don't have a lot of options on their menu. The atmosphere also felt more family friendly than young professional. 

The place itself was very nicely decorated with private bathrooms and a wide bar. Lots of flower beds in the outside seating area and great decor. However, because of the buildings orientation, don't expect much sun during happy hour. The outside is mostly cast in shade.
I realllyyyy was very surprised at how much I enjoyed the food here. It was a very simple and short visit, I was hungry and just wanted to eat. My friend and I ended up ordering the pizza and wings just to fill our stomach but were pleasantly surprised at the taste. Pricing was average, nothing I saw was overly priced. 

The pizza was very yummy and a good size for two people. The crust, cheese, sauce ratio was good enough. What I really ENJOYED were the wings, they tasted like they were barbecued first and then had the buffalo sauce, it was an AMAZING combo. 

We visited during the day, the place was fairly empty. The waitress was very attentive and made sure we were comfortable and all our needs were met the whole time. I have passed this place at night and it is usually pretty full. 

I will definitely be returning! It's a must try if you're in the area.
Amazing lunch spot at the piazza. Friendly staff and good service. I had the Shroom sandwich, served on pita. Truly amazing. Ordered a Space Station beer, which was a blend of kolsch and abbey styles, which left something to be desired. Definitely will return to try other things though. Definitely worth the trip.
What an awesome new addition to Northern Liberties! We finally got a chance to check out Urban Village tonight and we were so impressed. The bar is so spacious and beautiful and the staff was friendly and helpful. I was so excited to finally find another place that offers beer flights. They had so many great beer options, it was nice to get to try a bunch of them. My favorite was Wildey and my husband's was CPA.  

For dinner we got the whipped ricotta and Rita pizza. The ricotta was fresh and delicious and my favorite. My husband, who basically only eats pizza loved the Rita. The sauce was slightly sweet and he said it's his new favorite pizza in the neighborhood! 

So glad we finally have this fun new spot in Northern Liberties! You definitely need to check it out, you won't be disappointed!
Everything from its ambiance to quality of beer and to the tastiness of its pizza is A-amazing. Was my first time here and I cannot wait to come back again. Loved the beer and pizza. I had Celeste pizza without cheese (I am a vegan) and the crust was out of this world. Whatever UVB lists on its website for the descriptions of its tank-to-table beer and brick-oven pizza is NOT a lie! :) It is as good as it claims! Cannot wait to come back again!
My husband and I visited Urban Village this weekend and we had a great experience. The place was very busy but we sat at the bar and skipped the wait. The servers were all very attentive for how busy the place was. We ordered a flight and I think the beers were great. My husband and I have pretty opposite taste when it comes to beer and we both found something we liked. We had a super balanced meal of fried pickles and pizza. Both of them came out in a timely manner and I really enjoyed them both. I felt like the portion size was fair and everything had a good flavor. We will totally be back!
Wonderful atmosphere. Great for large groups or a party of two. Plenty of tvs to catch the game. Outdoor seating with fire pits and games. 

Food is delicious. Great pizza and wings.

Reasonably priced. And decent service. 

Unhappy with the beers. Was hoping they would improve over time so we'll see what happens. Felt they lacked flavor and variety. 

I have high hopes for urban village and like the addition to NoLibs. I will be back. Just may try some other drinks they offer as on my three visits I've only had beer.
5 friends and I came to Urban Village on a Friday night.  My friend attempts to order 3 drinks on the menu. "Sorry we are all out" okay cool. Then it's my turn....I shoot for the stars and order a cider. "Sorry we are all out."  Okay then! Off to a great start.

Thankfully the night did get better! Our server was a bit of a wet blanket, so maybe he had something going on. He did his job though, just zero chit chat, zero humor. Other than that we enjoyed our cocktails, apps and salads.  I ordered the broccoli and ricotta salad, it was good but I didn't realize it was only broccoli and ricotta, menu reading fail on my end. Romaine would have toned the broccoli down a bit. The ricotta had wonderful texture and the flavor was great!  

We also enjoyed the Brussel sprouts (not me-bacon)  cauliflower, and the rose pizza. Everything was enjoyed. Pizza wasn't too exciting but my pizza palate is beyond distinguished if you ask me. 


Now...to discuss one of the best things I have ever consumed in my life...chubbies.  I seriously ADORED these things. Chubbies are a cross between a pretzel & bagel with everything seasoning. They come with mustard (unnecessary) and a cheese sauce for $2.  Suddenly this review has become historical. I love cheese dip, like love it more than one of my dogs, (the rescued one) I kid, I kid.  But seriously though, these things are so good that the tasty cheese sauce WASN'T EVEN NEEDED. I was mind blown and angry that we were sharing at the same time.  Naturally, I had to order more chubs to accompany my salad.  If you're reading this...I don't care if you're on freaking KETO, you need to order these ASAP!  Urban Village should win a James Beard award for these pretzagels alone! 


I'm seriously recruiting friends to join me for another visit to get down with more chubbies. Yum!!!
Went here for the first time last week and was very very pleased. It's a small menu, but there are plenty of delicious items. We started with the truffle fries because we got there during happy hour and they were FANTASTIC and filling.... we both couldn't finish our meals, but it made for delicious leftovers.
So I really really wanted to like this place. I had walked by many times before it opened and was excited to come in and try it. When we arrived with a group of 6, two being kids, we were told we could sit outside in about 20 minutes, yet that number turned out to be 45. After this point, we just finally asked to sit inside because we all were hungry and were seated after about another 10 minute wait - I think the kinks are just being worked out since the restaurant hasn't been open for long and I hope things improve. 

Being a Friday night at about 8, I understand having music on and a little loud, but here it was a bit excessive and resulted in us yelling across the table to each other and made for difficult dinner conversation. We ordered everything we wanted at once since we had ample time to look at the menu before we sat down. Everything came out in very random order starting with one appetizer, then our pizzas, then another app and then finally a salad. 

We got chili wings and buffalo wings, the chili were a little bland and the buffalo weren't as spicy as we were expecting. They were just pretty okay. The fried pickles came out, they just tasted like a hot pickle without any spice to them and the dipping sauce was forgettable. We ordered the Rose, Penelope, and the Kelly pizzas. The Rose had roasted garlic that was very mushy and not very flavorful on it, the Penelope was a good pizza, but nothing stood out as special. It was just an average pepperoni pizza. The Kelly was probably my favorite just because it was unique with texture and taste. 

We got the Liquid Courage beer, it starts with a great taste but leaves you with quite a strange after taste that I couldn't place. 

Service was good here but as of now I wouldn't go back. Maybe with some improvements it can become a better restaurant in Northern Liberties.
This place is sooo cute! My party was able to sit outside because it wasn't too cold. We sat by the fire pit and it was so cozy with the fire going and the lights hanging above. A+ for the atmosphere. I also came during happy hour and the deals were irresistible! We had two pizzas, fries, Brussels sprouts, and beers. The margherita pizza was really good! We also got the kimchi pizza which was a little heavy.. but I loved the fact that they had house beers and soooo much selection! Would definitely recommend!
Solid, new microbrewery / restaurant in the NoLibs hood and I really want to see this place succeed, as I think it's a great addition.

Finally got a chance to come check it out on Sunday evening.  It wasn't extremely busy, but had a solid amount of people inside at tables and the bar, as well as many people sitting outside in the cool patio seating (with firepits and lights).  The inside has a rustic, yet modern, wooden bar with wooden floors and tables.  It's a very clean-looking place.  The kitchen is off to the back (or right, depending how you view it), with two wood fire ovens showing off the pizza's they're cooking inside.  You can also see the brewery behind a large glass wall, which adds to the nice decor of the place.

We sat inside, on a long table facing the window on 2nd St.  The service here is spotty, as it took a while to initially get anyone to approach us after sitting down, to greet us / fill our waters / etc.  Our waiter wasn't the most attentive or responsive person, as there was another waiter who was checking up on us and quick to respond, when this wasn't even his table.

Their beer list is pretty nice, with a blend of ales, stouts, and wheat/blonde-style beers.  I got the Space Station and it was crisp and smooth.  I definitely want to try some other beers.  Their gin drink on the menu is slightly sweet, but refreshing.

The menu is small, but has a decent amount of vegetarian items.  There were five of us, and we decided to split three apps and three pizzas, which was the right amount of food.

Pickles - one other Yelper mentioned this, but these were a miss.  The batter doesn't fully cover the pickle and while it was crispy, still tasted undercooked.  The pickle itself is extremely thick and difficult to eat, and the tofu mayo didn't taste right.
Ricotta - this was delicious and their bread is fantastic - warm, flaky, and chewy.  The cheese has a sweet hint to it as it's drizzled with honey and pieces of rhubarb...this is definitely something to try!
Asparagus & Portobello - this was also flavorful, albeit a bit salty, but the chargrilled veggies were cooked perfectly!

Now onto the pizzas...

Rita - their version of a traditional margherita, but I was hoping for more out of this pizza...it just felt like they skimped on everything - sauce, cheese, and flavor.  It was cooked nicely, as I enjoy wood-fired pizzas, but the crust was extremely thick and was about half of the pizza.  Some of the small slices didn't even have any cheese on it, and the tomato sauce was covered in oil.  The dough is OK, nothing special - it's really flimsy with a fairly chewy crust.

Kelly - this was better than the Rita and the pesto was a nice touch. I'd recommend spreading it around the slice, as there were clumps of it scattered all over.

I'll definitely come back for the beers and to catch some games, but I do hope they step up their pizza game, as that's the majority of their menu.
Yea, it's a no for me. I must say while sitting at the bar -- the bartender was cool and checked in during my time there.

Met up with a friend and we shared a Penelope pizza & truffle fries. It was okay. Pizza needed more flavor of some sort and fries could have been fried better. I also tried one of their cocktails that had hibiscus and tequila. It was weak.

Guess it's a good beer pub for the beer lovers but this spot was just meh. Also, I was sweating inside (with a no sleeves shirt and shorts on). We decided to eat inside due to the weather being extremely hot and inside was no better!
Nice place to hangout for a Happy Hour!! Have a good variety of half-price Beers, Apps, and Pizza on the Happy Hour menu. Never tried squash on my pizza and I must say was a good combination. Replaced olives with jalapeno and it was a great combination of sweet and spice. Loved it!! Been here for a couple of times for their Beers and always enjoyed the ambiance and the staff is nice too.
I've been here twice now. The first time was for lunch on Urban Village's second day open and the second time was for dinner on Father's day. Both times I had a great experience!!

Service- First time I went the server admittedly said he didn't know how certain things tasted, but considering it was literally day two of business this made total sense. Next time I went our server was more able to give opinions on the food. Both servers were friendly and attentive.

Food- THE PIZZA. I got pizza both times because I couldn't resist. The Alma pizza and Kelly pizza are both incredible. My boyfriend got the pork sandwich and wasn't  blown away by it he said it was a little dry but did have good flavor. We both were lovin' those pizzas though. The second time I went everyone in my party split pizzas and salads. The salads were both really good and very fresh. The Caesar had anchovies on it which was unexpected but I enjoyed them and those who didn't easily picked them off. 

Beer- We tried the Beets by Jay the Rye IPA and the Beach Day. The Rye IPA was really good would definitely come back and order this regularly. The Beets by Jay really tastes like beets- not a beet undertone just a straight up beet which was good for me (I really liked it) but just a head's up for those who may not take the name as seriously. The Beach Day was a good light summer beer. 

Atmosphere- open and trendy  lots of seating inside and out Awesome space!

Excited this is in the Schmidts Commons and I will for sure be back!
This place was a pleasant surprise! We came by here after realizing that Front Street Cafe was closed and having already made our way to Fishtown. 

First of all, this is a solid spot for outdoor dining in COVID times. There are large patio tables spread far apart and the overhead heaters are cranked up full blast. I'm someone who is chilly all the time and felt fine sitting outside here on a November afternoon. 

We started with cocktails and beer - I got The Harvest Punch and my boyfriend got the Breakfast Bonsai beer. The beer was tasty and the cocktail wasn't too sweet which is always my concern with anything labeled a punch. 

We split the chubbies as an appetizer and they were SO GOOD. Definitely fork over the extra $2 for the beer cheese. The only disappointing portion of the meal was my salad. I got the Shaved salad with chicken and it was meh - the greens were wilted / slimy and the chicken wasn't anything impressive. My boyfriend got The North Philly sandwich and thought it was great, I stole a couple fries that were perfectly seasoned as well. Lesson learned: don't order the salad at a brewery. 

Overall, I'll definitely be coming back here post-COVID to grab some drinks and appetizers in their outdoor space!
I really liked this place, not least because I was able to watch an episode of the last season of Game of Thrones here! The beer selection wasn't huge but as varied and I had a pizza which was very nice, if a touch oily. Service was friendly. A welcome edition to the Northern Liberties.
The pizza is amazing! It is one of my favorite places in Northern Liberties. I always get the Penelope and Tara. The truffle fries are also good to munch on while you wait for the pizza. They have outdoor seating, which is great when there is nice weather. I highly recommend this place!
Came here the other week and was impressed. Outdoor atmosphere, food and service were all great. Had some of the Pamela pizza and the Fairmount sandwich, both were great. Can't wait to come back!
Was really excited to try this place since it has been being built for a while. I was more than impressed with everything from the food, to the beer and also service. All the IPAs and pale ales we tried were great, reasonable prices for flights. The pizza was amazing. Our favorite was the Kelly, and I'm usually not a huge fan of white pizza. Our waitress was very attentive and helpful with suggestions. The only issue was that they could only split a bill up to two ways. I'm sure they just are learning their system because they just opened. Please keep up this level of quality though! It's a much needed new addition to the piazza. I'll be back many times.
Urban Village is a great local spot located in Northern Liberties. Their beer selection is constantly rotating, and I've never been disappointed by one of their brews. However, where they really shine is their food selection. Their truffle fries are my favorite fries in the entire city of Philadelphia. They're perfectly crispy, topped with a generous serving of parmesan, and accompanied by ketchup and garlic aioli. Not to mention that they're only $5 during happy hour! Other happy hour deals (5-7 pm on weekdays) include half price pizza, $3 drafts, and $4 toast. Honestly, you can't go wrong with anything you choose! You can catch me there at least a few times a month because there's nothing better than good food and beer at a great price!
This was an incredible find as I was wandering this area after a long day doing pre-election canvassing. I was delighted to find a brewery because I felt like a badly needed, well-deserved drink, and figured pub/bar food would suffice.  Beer was summarily excellent, but they delivered a much better meal than I expected.

I ordered the Flounder Po Boy--now, one word of caution--if you are from New Orleans, you probably won't get past the name, as this is not a po' Boy. 've only visited the Big Easy multiple times, and I was mildly offended.  I can only imagine a a New Orleanian rage equivalent as that of when I visit Chicago and am served what the locals there call "pizza."  However, once you get past the name, you have an excellent, hearty panko coated filet of flounder which is nicely complemented by a very un-po boy avocado along with lettuce, tomato and an interesting chili tartar sauce that was good (but could have been spicier).  The fries were also particularly tasty. 

I was even more impressed with the Village  salad, though--legit mixed micro greens, topped not just with your basic salad toppings, but also with shaved fennel and watermelon radishes--shockingly fresh and inventive and tasty--far beyond what I expected from a bar salad. 
 
The beers I tried were all quite good as well.  The well-named Ghost Face Keller was an excellent version of the style, and paired wonderfully with the fish and salad.  Afterwards I tried the Rye Bread IPA which was tasty and very aptly named--very much akin like I imagine drinking a loaf of rye would be.  I generally like this style, and it was fine, although they may have taken in a touch too far--the caraway was perhaps a touch too overpowering.  I also took a crowler of the Breakfast Bonsai stout to go, which was an excellent dessert beer for the night. 
 
Service was excellent, both insofar as bar spacing and observing social distancing protocols.  Everything inside was clean and well-marked.  My server, Shaq, was incredibly friendly, and informative about the beer, and clearly I wasn't the only person who felt that way based on the rapport he seemed to have with some of the more regular patrons.  He really made me feel at home in Philly by bantering with some locals about his NY Giants fandom.
 
I tend to enjoy breweries--or want to enjoy them--but this one really exceeded my expectations, both for beer and especially for food--well worth a visit for either (or both!) in Philly!
We went here for a late lunch (2:30 pm) and had no issue with a wait being seated. The restaurant is only providing outdoor seating. The seats are picnic table style, and nicely spaced apart. At the time we ate, the building shaded the seating area. Towards the end of lunch, the sun started to come over the building causing sunniness. 

The staff was friendly, they brought out a massive water bowl with ice for my pup! The food menu was only pizza, sandwiches, salads and appetizers. I'm not sure if the menu is modified for lunch/COVID.

The food was delicious! The Flounder Po'boy had a delicious, creamy (from the avocado) texture, but could have used a bit more sauce for flavor. The Celeste pizza was delicious, but make sure you like spice and cauliflower cause there's a decent amount of both! The Chicken BLT and The North Philly were delicious, all the flavors combined were delicious.

Serving sizes are great! The Flounder Po'boy was split between two people and was perfect size. The pizza are slightly larger than a typical personal pan pizza.
Urban Village Brewing Company represented my first foray in outdoor dining in the COVID world. For a bulk of my time in shutdown, it's been a nice mix of some good 'ol home cooking and the occasional take-out once or so a week. This time around, plans changed so outdoor dining became a reality.

One thing I'll say is that management has done a pretty good job with separating tables and engaging with patrons. The staff has been very attentive and - as a result - the turnaround time is quick.

One side effect of COVID is the increasing use of disposable items, from paper plates, forks, knives, condiments, etc. As of now, the days of using proper plates are gone. Maybe that's something our leading medical professionals can ponder on.

Back to the important thing - food and beverage. I mainly came to try out the beer. Can't go wrong with some locally brewed craft beer in Philly. I had myself a Wildey and thought it was pretty damn good. Loved the taste.

As for food - we split two pizzas and a side. The beer fries were not bad, but because we received them with our main items (again probably due to COVID), we didn't have much room to eat many fries. Also - as an FYI - these fries don't do that well when reheating, so you're better off eating them same day. The fries were good - at least the ones I could eat - and they were a very generous portion. Perhaps more than 2 people could enjoy those fries.

The pizzas were pretty good too. The spicy cauliflower pizza had a very nice zing with the cauliflower. The fermented chili sauce adds the spiciness. The bianca pizza is a nice contrast pie. Always been a fan of white pizza and the bianca certainly didn't disappoint.

With the times we are in, this was a fun night out with good food and brew. Can't go wrong.
GREAT PIZZA. I came by for happy hour ,got 2 pizzas, fried pickles and 2 beers and it was only $27! What a great deal for the quality.

Kimmie Pizza - for all my koreans out there, this pizza is crazy good. the kimchi quality is legit and the porkbelly is a bit fatty than i like it but with the combo of the perfect dough and kimchi it was such a flavorful bite

The brisket and horseradish pizza with an egg was surprisingly really good even though I'm not a huge brisket fan. The pizza dough at this place is perfect; crunchy but thin but not too thin where it breaks apart

The fried pickles were interesting, they were all different shapes; spears and circles but the tempura batter was pretty good. I love that they put pickled green beans on the plate as a garnish, PUT MORE PICKLED STUFF! :) 

All in all, I think this place has great service, VERY clean bathrooms, a really good take on modern bar food and good vibes. Highly recommend for happy hours 5-7pm
I will start with the positive by saying that the rose pizza is the best thing I have eaten this month. I was skeptical that a pizza without cheese could be satisfying, but boy was I wrong. The crust was flavorful and chewy. The tomato sauce was sweet. The oregano was the perfect herb to give the pizza that something extra. Seriously, I was so surprised by how much I liked it.

The beer...not so much. Maybe I am spoiled. Maybe I am pretentious. But I did not like any of the beers. And yes, my eating companion and I did try them all. They all leaned bitter, even when the description did not suggest they would. Many of the options tasted like fall even though it is supposedly spring. It was disappointing.

If you are a foodie more than a beer fanatic, I think you would like Urban Village. Alas, "brewing" is in the name and I do not think they should get more than 3 stars for what they are producing. That pizza though...
Food- C+
Beer- B-
Atmosphere- C
Service- B

Went to Urban Village per request from a member of my group of friends to check it out after a month of their opening. It is pretty clear that they are still getting over a learning curve. We were seated outside and our waiter, while very polite, was overall not attentive and not knowledgeable of the menu. He was helpful with the beer selection though, so a plus there. In addition the lighting outside on the porch was just pitiful going into the sunset. You can't see anyone. Aim for a spot inside the restaurant if you are arriving at night. Great bathrooms though, very clean.

We all ordered some variant of the pizza just to try them all out. Out of 7 pies that we ordered, I really only liked 1, maybe two of them and even so, they were mostly dough and barely any cheese or toppings on them. For the price tag of around $12-14 a pie, that was really disappointing. Maybe the other food is better, but I cannot comment on that and only through my experience.

The beer itself was good, but I've had better from other brewpubs in the city at cheaper prices as well. Most of the beers are pretty entry-level if you are a craft beer lover, so nothing exciting.

Overall it was nice to try out the place, I don't go to NoLibs often so it is a welcome addition to the neighborhood, but I don't think I will be returning for the food, maybe for 1-2 beers if I am getting ready to go out somewhere. However if it is too crowded I will be looking elsewhere as it is not worth any wait.
I checked this place out with a large-ish group for a birthday dinner this week.

There is ample indoor and outdoor seating, and service was attentive even outside.  Happy hour beer and snack specials, as well as $10 pizzas, are a good deal.

The fries were delicious, pizzas acceptable though not exceptional.  Fried pickles were cut too thick to stay in their shells, a disappointment as most ended up in our laps.  The flavor was there, though the execution needs a bit of work.

There were plentiful and varied beer options, most of which were solid, though most are probably not interesting enough to entice me to go here specifically for the beers.

Overall, this spot is decent, and it was convenient for a casual group meet up.
Came here quite a few times over the last year and the staff has always been excellent. Seemingly unfazed by the mask wearing as they performed their duties with attentiveness and care. Cheers to the staff!

OK, on to the menu. If you're not in the mood for an alcoholic beverage at the moment but still would like to sip on something, I would 100% recommend the Kombucha, weather you are dining in or taking out. For alcoholic beverages, the mulled cider is fantastic! 

Highly suggested by me is the cauliflower and smoked wings as an appetizer, garic parm is always my go to! The shaved rocotta salad is other worldly, how they get that ricotta so creamy is beyond what I can imaging for such a favored cheese. Personally, I would rather have 3 appetizers and try a bit of everything, rather than one big meal. 

For pizza (if you're GF like me) but the rest of your group isn't, simply smell the pizza. But do it in a way of appreciation for good food, not to torture yourself.

Three straight times in a row, I was waited on by a server named Lauren, she was fantastic!
Great place! Server wasn't too thrilled to serve 6 of us but the drinks and food were fantastic. The Martina, tequila with spicy jalapeño was fabulous. My second choice was the rum cocktail, it wasn't great but made want another Matina. The Bianca pizza was excellent!  Lastly I took home some wings. They were ok. Probably way better if they weren't takeout. Overall I'd definitely recommend.
On a whim when previous plans fell through led me to finally getting out urban village. My Freinds had highly recommend the pizza and they weren't wrong. I had the Tara and the Rita both had the perfect crust from their wood fired pizza oven. The flavors in the Tara truly now me away. From the richness of the mushrooms to the sweet heart of the peppers. I'm in love with urban village.
I also loved their cocktails. I personally had the penny punch and the boiler. Both were tasty and well balanced.
The atmosphere is warm and inviting with a great bar and full tables made from wood. All in great atmosphere and delicious food.

Tip: don't forget to grab a game at the front to play. It's a fun group activity while drinking and eating.
A nice spot to hang out with friends or watch some games. There's plenty of seating, though it can get pretty crowded on a busier night.

There's a good selection of beers, though I ordered a cider to try it out. The cider was nice and not too sweet which was pleasant. Also got an order of truffle fries which were awesome! Especially if you come during happy hour and can get a large order for $5.

I've heard great things about their cauliflower so I will definitely be back to try that, but overall a nice place for a casual get together. PS they also have trivia nights on Thursdays which are always fun!
This place is great. The quality of the food is well above where you would expect a breweries food to be. They have exceptional pizza, the salads are large enough to share and not just your average cobb or cesar, the small plates are thoughtfully conceived and well executed. I've lived in Philadelphia for a month and I've eaten here three times. The beer is great with a pretty varied selection (Rye bread did not disappoint) and they have communal games to play while your waiting for your food. It's definitely going to be a staple for when people come to visit or for pizza and beer kind of nights.
So this review will be based on opening night, and I understand they have a few kinks to iron out and such. UVBC has GREAT potential with it's location and atmosphere, so hoping in the future this review can be updated to reflect that:

The Good:
Atmosphere: This place is really, really nice and with the indoor/outdoor feel with the large patio doors, it's a great place to hang out with friends and enjoy the weather. You'll get all the ambiance of Northern Liberties in a high quality, aesthetically pleasing environment.Definitely geared toward a more millennial crowd but still a great place for families. 

Food: They had some creative food choices, and the prices were fair for the unique/ in house fresh ingredients. The "Olivia Pizza," which had octopus was bold and creative. Urban Village fries would be great for a game time meal as it's loaded with cheese sauce and brisket, yum! However there were some issues which will be discussed below. Value wise, the sandwiches are the way to go.

The Beer: Flavor-wise the beer was good, nothing to write home about and prices for a pint were reasonable. 

The Bad(ish):
Service: For a brew pub/restaurant this size, opening night was slightly above average crowd size wise but nothing overwhelming. However, the service was sub par. Found two seats at the bar, and sat down immediately. Wasn't greeted or acknowledge for 10-15 minutes. Other patrons were being haphazardly being served around us. Finally got our beer order in, then proceeded to take another 10 minutes for the bartender to acknowledge us for our food order  After we were finished with our food, it took close to 20 minutes for our plates to  removed and our check to be given to us. It's kind of awkward to sit there with dirty plates in front of us as our bartender passed us multiple time without acknowledging us or the dirty plates... Mainly the average review is based on the sub par service which comes with the growing pains of a new place. But observing the chaos behind the bar (uneven pours, patrons being ignored, employees climbing over each other) there is still room for improvement. 

Food: The food being creative, vibrant, and bold, we were excited to try it. However when the food was brought out, it was hardly warm. So they have some timing issues to work on. 

The Beer: Just observing the bar staff pour beers was painful at times. Uneven pours, lots of head, spills, and incorrect beers. Again, this should be fixed over time. However, the tap system wasn't "working" correctly so we saw many times the bartenders going back to patrons to tell them their first and second choices weren't available...

So my advice to UVBC:
Work on customer service. With a new brew pub, train your staff to SELL the product. Our bartender never described the menu or the beers to us. When someone did ask, they just read off the menu. Don't blatantly ignore customers, let them know you'll be right with them.

Food wise, I hope they work on timing to create a fantastic dining experience I know they can provide.

I'm really rooting for you UVBC! You guys have the potential to be a staple in Northern Liberties/Liberty Walks!
Love this place so much! The beers are all SO amazing and very reasonably priced.  Very diverse selection as well, and new ones are always in the works. The food was out of this world. We tried a little bit of everything, and everything that came out was more delicious than the next. Must try the beer mussels, and save your pizza crust to dip in the sauce! Got the Penelope and Becca pizzas, both perfectly crispy and delicious. The housemade pizza dough is amazing I have no idea how they make something so simple so delicious! And my favorite was the skate fish and chips. The fish was so fresh and flaky, perfectly cooked.

All around, great experience. Great for happy hour, dinner with the kids, girls night, date night, etc.  This place is great for everyone!
I really wanted to like Urban Village but my visits left me slightly disappointed. It was very crowded because of the basketball. We quickly got seated but it was confusing because there were a lot of empty tables that for some reason we were not allowed to sit...(they didnt  seem reserved). 

Most importantly, we were not very impressed with the beers my first visit and the same holds for the second visit. My friend and I sampled all the of the beers and overall all the beers seemed unnecessarily bitter (I admit I am biased and am not in love with overtly bitter beers) and lacking in flavor. I don't think any of the beers tasted like the description listed. I did enjoy their malt whiskey beer (?) -- it actually tasted more like a mixed drink than a beer. All in all, the beers paled compared to nearby breweries like Evil Genius and St Benjamins.  

Their Rose pizza was delicious but the fries were left in the fryer for too long and not seasoned at all. Also, the beer cheese sauce addition was 2 dollars! which seemed like a bit much....
Awesome beer and the food is spectacular. I came here during lunch time and we had the following.

The Caesar salad is delicious, it has fresh anchovies and the croutons are substituted with crispy lardons. The pork belly sandwich (P.B.L.T) is delicious as well and they are super generous with the pork belly. You should definitely check this place out, you won't be disappointed.  The staff is spectacular, especially their bartender named Kelly. She was a total doll. 

Also, they have outside seating and you can bring your dog, a definite plus for me.
Excellent food, beer, and service. The mussels are amazing with medium spicy sausage in the broth- delicious!
At the recommendation of Samantha we tried the whipped ricotta with sour dough bread. OMG, so delicious, along with the wings (not very spicy), asparagus & portobello, pizza and various tasting sized brews. A great outing. 
Very attentive service. 
Clean venue 
All around an enjoyable outing.
Didn't have any food, but the beer list was great. Had something for everyone. The waiter was really nice, informative, and very aware of our needs. Saw The food and it looked awesome. We were only getting beers, but I will be back for food
Came on second day of opening and was really surprised how well they had it together. Beers were surprisingly good, particularly the Huntingdon Drive IPA and the Rye Bread IPA, which was one of he best ryes I ever drank. Speaking of best ofs... the whipped ricotta with honey rhubarb was hands down the best whipped ricotta I ever had. Creamy, smooth and perfectly seasoned and accompanied by toasted sourdough, you won't find it better anywhere else. And my girl's beer salad was also top notch. Great new spot. Try it.
Absolutely great! Barbuzzo food at NoLibs prices (chef is former executive chef at Barbuzzo). The beer is wonderful, freshly made in house. 90% of the menu is also made in house, including the cheese, bread, pizza dough and house cured pancetta. Service is delightfully attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu. Free sparkling water is a major plus! Beers can be arranged as a tasting menu for only $2 - try the unusual fresh brews. Space itself is very trendy, warm and welcoming - overall great vibes. Will be returning very soon!
Great pizza, ambiance and brews. Looking forward to SofaaaKing (see what I did there) can release on 4.20! Cheers! 

Beers tried: 
Fruiti Sour (more light than sour)
Cask (caramel yum)
Huntingdon and Paper Trail are delightfully hoppy! 

Went for the Rita because she's a classic.
Came for opening night. Despite the restaurant being completely full and our server (seemingly) overwhelmed, Breeann was excellent. Sweet, attentive, and interested in hearing about our lives. The beer was great and perfectly described on the menu. The food was excellent. I got the brisket sandwich which was a perfect mix of brisket, sharp provolone, and pickled onions. Definitely a steal at $10. Will come back here again and again. Excellent addition to the neighborhood. Good luck!!
Great Atmosphere for a casual first date. The music was on point. Beers were very good and fairly priced.  Food was great, their bread and pizza dough stand out and I love that Everything is done in house. Could use a slightly more diverse spirits selection but otherwise a fantastic place to be!
I was really excited to meet my daughter here for "happy hour."  The vibe is really good and it's great to have this outdoor space in that area.  

However, how could a restaurant NOT include wine in the happy hour?  $10 for a glass of wine - no options - that was it.  So having 3 would be $30 ... just on the beverage ... for happy hour?

Made me sad!  Get with it!
Can I get a BOP?! (For all you Kevin Hart fans ). My boyfriend and I came here for a quick bite to eat and instantly were hit with the smell of some B-O-P that was too great to pass up. We ordered the Penelope pie and it was so good! The pie was made from sourdough for all you sourdough fans. The pie was great for two (if you're not super hungry), but definitely filling for 1 person. The beers were also great and refreshing. Definitely a must try!
The pizzas are honestly killer.  The Sofia and the Tara are my favorite. And of course the truffle fries. This is such a fun spot to go with a big group of friends, play board games, and drink good beer. They have a ton of seating around the bar and indoors as well as an outdoor terrace with tables for when the weather is nice. Great location in the heart of Northern Liberties.
Urban Village is simple and delicious.

There are some really great/unique beers and the option to customize a sampler is a huge draw for beer fans (like me!)

The ricotta appetizer was perfect (whipped ricotta and crusty bread with sliced asparagus in a balsamic glaze) and the Tara pizza was a huge hit (with myself obviously since I didn't share.)

The service was quick and so friendly with an atmosphere that is lively but not too loud.
This is a very good restaurant for groups and friends, especially in the warmer weather when you can sit outside.  The have a good selection of beer, and food is actually pretty good.  It is a safe place to go if you want to hang out with friends and have decent food with a laid back decor and vibe.
Urban Village Brewing Co is the place to go if you're in need for some good happy hour! Have a crappy day at work? Go to Urban Village Brewing Co for some happy hour and your despair will melt away? Cheap beers and pizza? Please! 

Their pizzas are half off during happy hour and their pizzas are pretty damn good. I think the Kelly has been my favorite by far! Also, their beer prices during happy hour are pretty good also! This has got to be one of my favorite happy hour spots! So don't think, just do it and get some beer and pizza during happy hour to brighten up your day.
Ya know I feel like I give great reviews but I can't help it every place I go deserves this. Urban was awesome. From the service to the beers to the food. Everything was awesome. I felt so at home here. I would definitely go back. They had such a variety of drinks and food and can match any palate. I will be going back and no need for me to get a burger at wahlburgers afterward... I'll !be plenty  full!!!
Let's start with beer:
Great beer. So happy to see a beer menu that is not ten different varieties of IPAs.  

We ordered wings and the Penelope pizza.  The toppings (pepperoni and ricotta cheese) could have been a little more prevalent- BUT- the crust was so good, it didn't matter!  Best crust I have had in a loooooong time.  They should have an appetizer of crust with dipping sauces.  That is how good the crust is (and I am a pizza eater that usually leaves the "bones" behind).

The wings- they came out under-done and they forgot the celery.  Not terribly under-coooked, but enough that I would not eat them... but in the couple bites I had, the sauce was very tasty. (BTW- we didn't even send the wings back.... it was there second day open, and we got full in pizza anyway).

Service
Very friendly staff and they appear to staff up properly.  They have some kinks to work out that will naturally happen as the staff gets used to being open and having customers.  Nothing critically wrong here though.

Atmosphere
Great- open, not too crowded for he tables, nice wood and windows.... great.

Overall- 4 out 5.  Drop in star just for the undercooked wings.
Walking by and grabbed a $12 to go Frose. So refreshing and yummy. Can't wait when they fully open sit down area but will def go back for more of the to go menu.
We made a reservation here for 4:45 and we were running a little behind so we called to change the reservation to 5:00. The hostess was super friendly and accommodating considering we changed our reservation with such little notice. 

Our waitress asked if we had ever been there before, she explained some of their most popular beers to us. I ordered the Funny Farm and my boyfriend ordered the Nectar. 
She also said everything on the menu is homemade including the pizzas. She was able to answer any questions we had regarding the menu. 
We ordered the beer battered fried pickles as an appetizer -- they were okay. They were more like cucumbers dipped in beer batter and fried. They came out piping hot. 
I ordered the Harvest sandwich. It was pretty good. Consisted of vegetables such as beets and sweet potato. Came with a side of fries and a pickle. 
For dessert we ordered the pumpkin cheesecake. Amazing. It had a peach preserve type of sauce and it added so much flavor.
Jose is awesome !!! We had a large group and he was entertaining, engaging and patient. All of our pizzas were delicious, most importantly the Carmela. This should be an addition to the menu , it highlights all of the flavors of Philadelphia. go birds !!!!
Great pizza and great beer! I had the pizza with the pepperoni and ricotta and pesto which was absolutely amazing.
My friends and I came here on a Friday night for dinner and had a great time! The venue is really nicely decorated with a warm, welcoming feeling, board games, and TVs, but without feeling too sports bar-y. 

A few of us got flights so we could try a bunch of different beers. My favorites were the Super Villain (New England IPA) and Wildey (witbier). 

To eat, I got the Oriana pizza (caramelized onions, roasted fennel, basil pesto, ricotta salata, fresh mozzarella, cream, and pecorino). It was a super delicious balance of flavors and big enough to take home leftovers. 

I definitely plan to return to try even more beers from their large list and yummy food!
Me and my boyfriend went here looking for the CPA beer for my sister. We were one of the first people here and our server was Chris. He was really nice although it took a few minutes for him to come over. He kindly explained that the cpa beer was out of stock so he gave us other recommendations and we took him up on the Super Villain. Let me just say as someone who really doesn't care much about beer and thinks it all tastes the same, this beer stood out as the best beer I have ever had in my life. We ended up buying two four packs of it each. 
The food was great. We ordered two kinds of fries (huge portions) but my only complaint with the fries is that they give you a tiny cup of dipping cheese that it is gone in a few fries. We also ordered two pizzas. The sizes were like a dominos medium size so definitely not big enough to feed a family. The descriptions on the menu were also pretty complex and not something the normal person would understand what they are eating. 
To view the menu was pretty cool though. You scanned a QR code and the menu came up on your phone. 
The bathrooms were pretty cool too. It was a wall of single bathrooms easily 12 bathrooms in the place so you are never waiting in a line. 
Overall this place is great. I definitely wouldn't mind going again even if it's just for the beer!
Pretty decent place for bigger groups, as they are super accommodating and make the space work for you! The menu is extensive, with something to please everyone, and the specials are always worth a try. Vegan options for pizza, a crazy amount of food with the brisket fries, yummy apps and the decor make this place super fun to sit in and experience! The waiter wasn't specifically helpful or kind, probably because of our group size, but they make sure to keep your glass and stomach full. 

The pretzel bites are probably the best type I've ever had, so warm and soft and great flavors! They don't skimp on the portions, so sharing is smart and trying many things will keep a big group happy! Will come back soon for a trivia night or happy hour, and hoping to get a pie soon too!
Cool. Swag. Low key. Brewery in the heart of Northern Liberties. Pizza is amazing the brew is local. Highly recommend this spot especially in a nice cool summer day, sitting outside with a pie and a cold local brew. You can enjoy with mates and pups. 
Recommendations- get a flight( try all the beers), don't forget to drink water, the pizza is amazing, sourdough crust is unique but gives a extra layer of flavor. Also try the YOUR MY BOY BLUE agave gose, it's non carbonated sour beer served room temperature and coming from a cask. Looks like grape fruit juice but it was very unique and you can taste every ingredient that went into beer.
As a brewery, I was a little surprised by the smaller number of beers they had on the menu. But - I'd rather a smaller amount of beers done well than a large amount with lower quality, and Urban delivers on the quality of the beer. I had the Wildey and the price for the amount of beer you get was fantastic. Happy hour pricing at a non-happy hour price!
I also did not know how much I needed sourdough crust pizza in my life. I had the Oriana with pickled onions and pecorino. Incredibly delicious and so glad I resisted eating the whole thing so I have leftovers to enjoy!
Great outdoor space and plenty of heaters outside too so you can enjoy year-round!
Living so close to Urban Village, I'm surprised I haven't checked this place out sooner. I suppose the prices of the pizzas kept me at bay until I was feeling really lazy and hungry and didn't want to drive out for pizza or wait for an hour for delivery. You know the feeling I'm sure...

So, I decided to order the Penelope pizza. Red sauce. Mozzarella, ricotta, and house-made sausage. All of the components were tasty! The sausage was super yummy and flavorful. The cheeses were fresh. My only critique was that all of the toppings barely held up on the limp dough. I usually like more of a crispy bottom.

HOWEVER. Once you ate all of the toppings on the soggier part of the pizza, the crust...holy moly that crust is delicious. It has almost a sourdough taste. The chew was fantastic--springy, chewy, with a nice bit of char from the oven. I ended up getting some hot sauce and just dipping the crusts in it for some extra zing. But it didn't really need hot sauce it was so good by itself. 

Now, remember that I said the price is what deterred me in the first place. For some reason instead of paying $15 for a 12" personal pizza, it was only $8. I don't know why...the receipt had the right Pizza name on it. But it made dinner that much sweeter.
Stopped by on a Saturday night after dinner. Got a flight of beers and then grabbed a pint afterwards. Cool space with ample seating inside and outside. The service was friendly and the beers was tasty. We will be back to try the food. Great 4* start experience. Cheers
If I could give them more then 5 starts I would, every time I come to Philadelphia, going here is a must to even that I hosted my after wedding dinner there. Staff is super sweet and manager Tom is so chill and he was great. The food is sooo good, pizza, any of there fries and there chubbies are one of my favorite. Amazing beer selection as well! Thank you guys for making my day perfect! Can't want to come back and have some more food.
We've been to Urban Village over a dozen times. Never once disappointed. Beer brewed on premises. Great pizza. Great salads. Great sandwiches. Friendly staff. Plenty of outside dining. Very dog friendly also.
We were in the area with the pup and felt like getting a bite, tried el camino but they had a waitlist and then walked into Urban village Brewing, they too had a waitlist but in addition to their outdoors and indoors seating, they also have a self service outdoor space, so
We were able to wait with the pup with a few Brews. 
They are keeping up with the Covid protocols with cleaning the tables, we were seated within 20 min. 
I was really looking forward to trying the fried chicken sandwich but they were sold out . We had to reconsider the menu and decided to go with the pizza, sword fish sandwich and the crispy spicy cauliflower. 
Although the food was great and the server checked on us a more than a few times, our food was running quiet late. 
The Pizza was delicious but slightly charred on the bottom. 
Definitely a great spot in Northern liberties.
Ate (JUST KIDDING, WE DIDNT EVEN MAKE IT THAT FAR) at this restaurant tonight.  As the waiter was walking up to serve us, he accidentally dropped and spilled the 4 beers he was serving to another table onto the floor, table, and me. I looked like I just scored a touchdown on the telecast from Nickelodeon from the Saints/Bears - covered in beer.  The waiter walked away and did not come back to clean up.  Another guy walked up and gave us a small stack of napkins that you could sneeze into to clean up myself and the mess.  We then sat there and then asked for the manager.  He said "oh, i thought you guys spilled it...." and again, did nothing to rectify the incident.  We were offered no free drinks, no gift card, no free nothing - he just wanted to know if we would stay.  We didn't.  Service was about as bad as you you would expect at your least favorite ex's mom's house - never coming back and would not recommend to anyone.
Urban village is in the heart of Northern Liberties right outside the Piazza and across the street from the new Pod Park. My friend and I came on a Thursday afternoon around 4 PM which was before their happy hour started. It was great weather so we sat outside. They have a great beer selection with such cute names - my friend got the beach day and I ordered the fruiti di bosco which was good but too tart for me. I then copied my friend and stuck with beach day for the rest of the meal. 

In regards to food, we ordered the chubbies which is a cross between a bagel and pretzel deep fried into a little ball - I thought they were a bit salty and not soft. We also ordered the Penelope pizza which was so good!! I had at least 3 slices haha
Amazing local brewery. The beer is actually very good! Start out with a flight sampler. You build your own and select the smallest glass size. The nectar beer was an all time favorite! With regards to their food, every time we go we get the fries smothered on brisket and melted manchego cheese. The only reason for removing one star is that the service can be hit or miss. The servers seem super busy which results in them being slightly inattentive.
When there was a THREE hour wait at front street cafe - yep you read that right - 3 hours, we walked over to this place and wow, what an amazing place! We immediately got a table for 7 adults and 2 kids. Loved the interiors and the food even more! Delicious food, fresh ingredients, beautifully plated! I can't compliment it enough. Service was great too. 

The portions were huge by the way! One order of truffle fries would have been plenty for all 7 of us lol but we didn't know and we ordered two.. I ordered the fried chicken and biscuits.. yummmmmmmmmy!!!!! Also tried the chocolate French toast which was pretty yummy too. 

Amazing place and would love to go back there to try more stuff!
Great brewery. Great beers. Also an extensive cocktail list, although only use local spirits (stateside vodka etc.) BUT! Fantastic fries. I call them Hand-cut skinny's. Skinny like McDonald's, but fresh cut potatoes...cut this morning! Nice solid spot.
Want to go visit a place where you can walk in and just enjoy a bite and a beer in a nice relaxed atmosphere? This is the spot. They always happen to have a few good beers on tap. The go to foods for me happen to be the ever so popular 'chubbies' which are fried dough balls, the truffle French fries, and the Regina pizza (not pictured). Firstly the chubbies are an addiction. Seriously I love carbs if you can't tell by this combo. The truffle fries have the exact right amount of truffle oil (not too much and not a cheap amount either). Finally the Regina is just a simple brick oven pizza that comes out tasting as good as it should. 

I never have any issues at this place as I'm a traveling foodie. Every time I come back here to visit, it tastes just as good as I left it. See you guys again soon!
I have been to Urban Village a few times and you really can't go wrong with anything you order here. They have both indoor and outside seating; I think you can make a reservation through OpenTable but every time I have gone (lunch or HH), we just walked up. 
The service is great and I absolutely love the Truffle Fries. 
I do not like beer (YUCK!) so I can't do a review on them but I can say the cocktails are pretty good :)
I ordered take out today from Urban Village. The Wolf lager beer is very rich in flavor. The Pork Carolina sour dough sandwich is amazing! Highly Recommend!
