My first few visits here were definitely 4-5 stars but my last visit here with my sister left a taste so sour I don't think it's worth going back to again. EVER.

We didn't even dine there. It was the service that was absolutely horrible.

My sister and I walked down the trail Saturday morning and noticed that there along the river in front of the restaurant, was set up for a wedding. We weren't sure if the restaurant was closed for it so we went up and yes, there was a sign. We were looking forward to their sandwiches which are pretty good. And as we turned around and started to walk away, a waitress burst through and told us, very rudely, that she had already said that they were closed. 

We were in shock. And as soon as she stormed out, she started back in and my sister replied that we had just arrived there. We thought that maybe would've cleared it up for her but then she turned around and retorted, "NO THIS IS THE SECOND TIME I'VE COME OUT TO TELL YOU THIS."

WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. I don't know what it was. But we had literally just gotten there and was on the property for less than a minute and no one had come out to tell us anything. We were walking on our way out.

Maybe there was another Asian couple that just was there and was told that it was closed, maybe this particular waitress is blind and couldn't tell that we were not the same couple she told to go away. Maybe she just got dumped by her boyfriend. Whatever the case, it is absolutely unacceptable. I'm writing here first then I'm going to make a call tomorrow to talk to the manager. I refuse to go back even though it's one of my mom's favorite places to dine at until I hear a honest apology from the waitress in person.

In all honesty, the service at the other times were pretty good but this is just over the top. She might as well have come out and talked in a Chinese accent (even though we're not Chinese) and did the squinty eyes for how ignorant and rude she acted as potential customers.

Parking: None, must park before entering trail
Price: $11+ per person but not worth it even if it's free if the customer service is beyond horrible
Wait: Not too long once you order (if you get that far)
Review as a WEDDING VENUE:

I attended a brunch wedding here a few weeks ago and it was beautiful! 

CEREMONY
-The ceremony was by the water, with chairs facing the water set out on the grass and an "aisle" rolled out across the gravel. 
- Flowers in mason jars were tied to chairs on the end of the aisle, sunscreen, tissues and sunglasses were available (and necessary). The whole thing was very pinteresty and adorable.
-Sound carried well from the mics and music from the speakers. 
- Awkward factor: runners running/walking/doing that weird jogging in place thing they do at stop lights as the bride is walking down the aisle...

RECEPTION
-There were some tall tables and chairs set out outside during the cocktail hour and cornhole and giant jenga for people to play.
-The area inside comfortably fit 50 or so guests and allowed for a dance floor.
- Bar service during cocktail hour (ok it was kinda weird to order wine at 11am) and throughout the afternoon was hit or miss as far as wait, but always friendly.
-The room was decorated beautifully with some large paper lanterns, strung up lights, and other DIY pinteresty things. 
-Food was a brunch buffet and was good, but nothing to write home about. There were muffin baskets on the tables, fruit bowls brought out as appetizers and breakfast burritos, home fries, bacon, pancakes, and steak and eggs at the buffet.

WARNINGS: 
-It was hot. Like not-cute-sweaty-photos-hot. The area was covered with air flowing through, but the air was warm. (This was late June). 
-There is no cell reception. Your live instagramming of your friend's wedding will have to wait. Ubering home may be difficult.
-There will be other people brunching, running, walking by.

COST:
I'm pretty sure the happy couple paid for this themselves and did a lot of DIY so I'm guessing it was very affordable. That being said it was still a great time and a beautiful venue.

RECAP: Lovely lovely spot for a half indoor half outdoor brunch wedding!
Hey guys! Do you want to pay a premium for bland, flavorless food? Does being humiliated by discrimination excite you? I got you fam--come on down to Valley Green Inn!

I went to this restaurant as a lunch stop on a bridal tour for lunch. There were 3 parties of brides (and their crews) total in our group. Completely dead inside the tiny building, couple of families seated outside eating. We were the only black bridal party. 

We saw our waitress like 3x times the whole time (and I see a couple of people who mentioned that they got ignored when they visited.) Took forever to even take drink orders. The waitress never cleared our plates or refilled drinks after ordering. Never updated us in the food. The food didn't even come out for LITERALLY an hour. No joke, no exaggeration. Wonder why, since all the other parties got theirs well before us. (Even the large 7-person party.) We were the only people who had problems.

When the waitress finally showed up again, I told her it was time for us to leave for the next stop on the tour and that the food was super late. She said she "didn't know we were on a time constraint." First of all, that's beside the point. Which I find funny because the inn was a sponsored stop on the bridal tour. I think she even waited on another bridal party. Even if she somehow "didn't know" or notice all the brides with toy veils on...do you normally leave customers waiting for food for an hour without any type of attention? Probably not. 

I talked to the manager about the situation and he was very understanding (even though the first words out of his mouth were "the trolley won't leave without you.") The waitress kept repeating that she "didn't know", which is not a valid excuse. But here's the icing on the cake...she brought our food out in to-go boxes and said that the bride's food had the wrong dish name written on it. She opened the box to look at the food and said "Oh, the food is right." No worries right? 

We get to our trolley and the bride's food is completely wrong. Meaning this girl looked us RIGHT IN THE FACE and lied, even after all the mess-ups earlier. And the food we got boxed? It's like no one in the restaurant heard of seasoning...is it that hard to use salt?? C'mon man...

Tried to give the situation the benefit of the doubt, but too many coincidences for this incident to be anything other than discrimination. Wouldn't come back if I got paid to.
Yuck. I made reservations for 6 at the Valley Green Inn to celebrate my brother's graduation from SJU. Based on the iffy Yelp reviews, I didn't expect the food to be spectacular, but thought the beautiful, historic setting would be more than enough compensation for what I thought would be acceptable food. Ugh. How wrong could I be? This place doesn't even approach average. 

A few of us order the calamari appetizer. It came out barely warm and everyone who ordered it ended up passing around the salt and pepper shakers because it was so bland and flavorless. There seemed to be no seasoning at all, not even salt - just a plain flour batter and calamari of questionable freshness. It was also served with what is described as "lemon aioli", but should be more accurately called "Lemon Flavored Jello Packet mixed with Hellman's Mayo". I SWEAR, you guys. This, uh, "aioli" had a sharp, artificial lemon note that would be better suited to one of those gelatin desserts you find at nursing homes and $12.99 all-you-can-eat buffets.

Four people in our party ordered the grilled cheese. I don't blame them- the menu description sounds absolutely delicious. Double cream brie, cheddar, gruyere, caramelized onions, and bacon? Um, yes please. But actually, no, not really, because somehow, even all those gooey cheeses couldn't overpower the taste of the stale, dry bread it was served on. 

Despite my companions' poor reviews of the grilled cheese, I was hopeful that my Yuengling battered fish sandwich would be a redemptive experience. Nope. Soggy, greasy fish meets dry, stale bun. And if that wasn't bad enough, my sandwich was topped with the same vile, lemon aioli that came with the appetizer. Despite my ravenous hunger (we had been at the graduation ceremony since 7am that morning), I couldn't bring myself to eat more than a bite of this fishy abomination. I sent it back and the waitress later removed it from the check.

Finally, my mom, a perennial healthy eater, decided to splurge with the Wissahickon Burger. Don't ask me what makes this a "Wissahickon" burger because it was literally a plain hamburger with lettuce, tomato, and onion. I asked my mom what she thought. Her response?

"Meh. It's...okay."

If you've been keeping score so far, then you realize that my mom's admission of her burger's absolute mediocrity, was the highest praise given to any of our meals. Pretty sad, huh? 

All in all, our cold, mushy, stale, artifical lemon-flavored meal came to $200. No alcohol.

We all left disappointed but no one more so than my brother, who was expecting a memorable lunch to commemorate his achievement. Sorry, Craig.
You know those aspects of your life that you keep around because they're JUST good enough? Maybe it's that streaming service that you pay for every month with the annoying buffering and obscene amount of commercials, just because it's the only place that has your favorite series. Maybe it's that POS car that you're been driving for ten years that is more reliable than your mom's anxious phone calls, but is one mechanical problem away from being sold for scraps. Or maybe it's that significant other who you've been drifting apart from, who is starting to annoy the crap out of you, and is one smart-ass comment away from ending up in the pile of lovers past. 

Well, Valley Green Inn is the complete embodiment of all of those things in your life that you like just BARELY enough not to kick it to the curb. It is just charming enough that you'll overlook the $18 fried cauliflower, absurdly priced glasses of wine, and the too-good-for-you atmosphere. The food is overpriced and underwhelming, and the only reason that they can charge what they do is because they have no competition. 

I have frequented this establishment for years, willing to overlook this fact, just because it's convenient and charming. Today, I had horrible service, and that was all that I needed to kick this restaurant off of my "good enough" list for good. Never. Going. Back.
When I saw that Valley Green was listed as a business but had no reviews, I was surprised. Valley Green is probably the most well known and is definitely the most developed and landscaped section of the Wissahickon Trail. The Valley Green Inn is the most notable landmark within it, and their side "Store" window has been the trailhead/ turnaround point for exercising people for generations (when I was little my dad used to buy my brothers and I Nutty Buddies when we would go on bike rides.)  Valley Green is, perhaps, the most easily accessible section of the Wissahickon Valley (with a parking lot on Forbidden Drive at the bottom of  Wise's Mill). This means it is fabulous for:

1. starting your journey via Bike or Boot. Or HORSE! (I forgot they have stables here-- they used to rent out the horses, but currently look to be rebuilding/ renovating the stables for people who ride to rest their horses.)

2. sitting on a bench by the creek or the small waterfall and relaxing in the sun

3. FISHING. (Rod & Reel or Fly) As you can see from the pictures, there are tons of fantastic spots whether you wade all the way in or sit on the rock outcroppings and "shoals." Even better, the Wissahickon Creek is both an Approved Trout Water (it's stocked each Spring) and a Commonwealth Inland Water (which means extended fishing season). Whether you stay in the paved section by the Inn or wander through the hills in search of a riffle or pocket water, you can't fail to have a great day on the Creek. For the beginners out there, the best times to try and catch Trout are Spring and Fall (cooler weather) but you can get Bass, Panfish and Carp all summer long. Anyone over 16 needs a fishing license AND a Trout Stamp. I strongly advise you not to risk it-- the Rangers are active and vigilant!!! They will even come up and check what/ how many fish you have if you don't catch & release. Here's the link to the PFB &C: http://fishandboat.com/fishpub/summary/licenses.html      

yet another reason why the Northwest section of Philly is the greatest place to live in the world...
the location is absolutely fabulous, and i echo other yelpers' sentiments on the charm of feeling like you're a million miles from the city when you're in wissahickon valley park.

my friend and i came for sunday brunch, and by noon, the park was already packed full of hikers, bikers, picnic-ers, and families of all sorts out enjoying the beautiful weather and a relaxing day by the creek. we parked a ways away because the lower lot closest to valley green inn fills up pretty early on. but it's a peaceful and leisurely walk to the restaurant, so enjoy!

the interior of the restaurant is very rustic and log cabin-esque. in a word: charming. but while i appreciate the atmosphere and the setting, our experience was completely overshadowed by the horrible service we encountered upon arriving.

for the first half hour we were there, there wasn't even a hostess to greet us. we (and everyone that came before and after us for about a good 45 minute period of time) stood in the reception area waiting to be acknowledged... and it never happened. apparently the hostess was off somewhere resetting tables for a large party. but um, is that her job? it's not like they were understaffed, so it was incomprehensible to me that they couldn't direct other staff members to do that. 

after about 20 minutes of waiting, a waiter came by and took our names to be placed on the waiting list. but 1) there were plenty of open tables everywhere.. both inside the restaurant and out on the front patio. so really, had there been someone to check us in and seat us, it shouldn't have taken more than 10 minutes to seat everyone; and 2) by the time the hostess finally came back to man the front desk (another 20 mins later), our name had magically disappeared, and we had to tell her again to re-place us on the waiting list. what was the point of the waiter taking our name then?!

sunday brunch is prix fixe at $18.95 and comes with your choice of soup/salad, assorted pastries, and coffee/tea/juice. personally, i would've preferred an equally priced sunday brunch in the city that includes an alcoholic drink. 

my friend and i shared the fruity french toast, which is essentially challah french toast drenched in a raspberry compote. the raspberry was too sweet and an overkill on the french toast, but the accompanying sausage and potatoes were decent. overall, a mediocre brunch. oh, and they ran out of fruit salad so we had to settle for house salad.

so, to sum it up:
- excellent location
- mediocre, overpriced food (brunch)
- inefficient organization
- snail's pace service.. perhaps a la rustic mode?

very tempted to give them 2 stars, but the location saves them. just barely.
Wasn't going to post but nearly a month later I'm still thinking of how awful our President's Day lunch was. The only thing that we had no complaints on was a bowl of plain ice cream for dessert. We visited with 6 guests, including a family member from England to whom we raved about this classic dining establishment. We ordered the Mac and cheese appetizer - amazingly overpriced!!!!, 2 burgers- ordered medium well and received rare, chunks of fat on both pork cheesesteaks (was barely chewable), but the absolute worst item was the apple coffee crumble which was was a ramekin with sliced apples, coffee grounds, and melted ice cream. The coffee grounds were so thick you had to chew them. This was a meal over $125. Will not be back especially after the embarrassment of bringing our out of town guest.
Upon arriving at our much anticipated reservation at this establishment, it was unfortunate to have the most unpleasant server experience as our first time dining with Valley Green. 

Today was Mother's Day. We arrived promptly at 4:30. My family and I stood patiently for about ten minutes before having to, in essence, seat ourselves. Nobody greeted us. The the menus were soggy. With a reservation, we were seated in a silent room more fitting for a funeral home than a Spring holiday. Soon after, we were seated beside a four top with two hyperactive screaming children, no music to buffer the grating sound. I was embarassed, to say the least. 

The food was cold and tables unkempt. Our server was the biggest disappointment of all. It is sad when a restaurant of a specific caliber reaches far below advertised expectations. Rude and condescending are not two words that should come to mind when you are paying someone twenty dollars an hour to pour water. Table 17 for anyone who needs to know.

Thankfully, the dessert buffet and location/hike afterwards made up for the disservice we recieved. Not to mention the buzz from the overpriced cheap wine we bought.
We are frequent walkers and hikers on this trail so we've been meaning to try this restaurant for years. Finally when the hubs birthday rolled around this year and we were looking for a place to go, we thought.... Valley Green Inn. 

The first thing I noticed inside was that, in this freezing cold winter, they have to work hard to heat the old building. We were sat in a room with a roaring fireplace that made it very cozy. 

Our waitress wasn't exceptionally friendly. Maybe she's shy? I always felt badly asking her for things. I feel like a bubbly wait staff can really make a difference at a restaurant. 

I ordered the filet with a french onion soup. Both were exceptional. The filet came with Asiago mashed potatoes (delicious) and prosciutto wrapped bone marrow (which I gave to my husband....I'm not a dog!) 

He ordered the meatloaf and the mushroom soup. He raved about both. 

We will definitely visit again, maybe in the summer when the weather is nicer. The food was delicious and you can't beat the remote location.
Nice treat for those who walk the Forbidden Drive trail! 

It was the perfect Saturday to do a two-ish mile walk from the Bell's Mill parking lot. Many were either jogging, biking, sightseeing, and breathing in the nature all around. It's a popular brunch spot, and luckily, there were some tables available on their front porch. It was slightly chilly, but I would have taken an outside table over the inside to do some hardcore people watching. Kids, adults, and dogs were bountiful, and I enjoyed the background and the tranquility of our surroundings.

I ordered the French onion soup, and the grilled cheese sandwich with sweet potato fries. The fries are made in-house! The soup was a warm welcome, and found it pretty much perfect. Not too salty, not too hot, just enough onions, and a very thick layer of cheese. Each spoonful was delicious.

That sandwich! I will want to make this at home. The sandwich is a mix of brie, gruyere, cheddar, and provolone cheeses, caramelized onions, tomatoes, and bacon on grilled Challah bread. Ah-mazing! Since I was going to walk off my meal, it didn't matter how much butter or calories that meal had. I will gladly eat anything with cheese and bacon in the same bite. The chips also need an award because they were salted every so lightly, crispy, and took up more than half my plate. Again, not complaining.

I would recommend this to anyone that seeks outdoor dining. It was definitely worth the four miles.
I guess somethings should just be left to the imagination when it comes to places that are part of the fabric of America. Valley Green Inn in all probability looks exactly as it did 200 years ago. Which is fine but it has a heaviness they gives the appearance of shabby. And I do offer forgiveness to service in the age of Covid understanding that things may be a little slow. 

The restaurant is dated but historical. Two of us dinned on this day I ordered the hot chicken sandwich which was very good and my guests enjoyed a portion of it as well. The pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone cheese I really enjoyed because I like the flavors that meld together however my guest was less enthusiastic about the sandwich.

I found the price is reasonable the food and service  fair, the scenery different. Would I return again? No but I would not discourage anyone from trying Valley Green Inn.
It's hit or miss with this place. I had a meal I really enjoyed here, a chicken dish with grits and it was perfection. Went back the following week and the chicken dish that I had last time had changed, I tried it and it was awful. Chicken was dry. It came with vegetables that were underwhelming. 

The waitress told us that the chef changes the menu all the time.. I wasn't happy. 

My boyfriend also sent his meal back, he got steak that was dry and overcooked. We have been here four times, pretty sure this was our last. It's overpriced and the portion sizes are SMALL. 
I don't think a toddler would be full from the size of an entrée here. 

The first few times I didn't mind because of the scenic view and the fact that the food was tasty. 

We paid for our wine but sent both entrées back and left.
Valley Green Inn is a classic and historic landmark in the Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia.  I've been going there when I've been in Philly since I was a little kid so in some ways it feels like home.  The setting is ideal ... deep in the Vale of the Wissahickon looking out on the rustic Wissahickon Creek. The dining rooms are furnished in old Philadelphia style.  There is a scenic porch in front, a great event space on the south side, and an ice cream and light snack stand on the north side.  If you arrive by horse there is a sheltered hitching post for your four-legged friends. Last night I was there for one of their summer beer tastings. (Sly Fox Brewery).  On a perfect summer evening, Valley Green Inn was a perfect host for this event.
This is a nice hidden gem outside the urban flavor of Philadelphia.  Its located in the Wissahickon Valley, apparently built in the late 1600s, and is decorated with quite the colonial flair.  The dining room has about 15 tables and is very cozy.  The ambiance makes for a very romantic meal.  

As for the food, when you crack open the menu, you'd expect the prices to be significantly higher for what they were serving.  I was there for lunch, so dinner is a little more pricey, but for lunch, nothing was priced over $13, and it all sounded tasty.  I ordered the crab cake, which unlike many crab cakes I've had before, was significantly more crab than cake, which is always a plus.   It was very straightforward, but incredibly good.  They also have an outstanding grilled cheese, made with brie, gruyere, bacon (and who doesn't love bacon), and a few other small fixings.  The menu covers a wide range; steak, chicken, fish, theres going to be something you'll like.  

When its warmer out, there's outdoor seating, and the soothing sound of the canal (river?) should make for a great meal.
I'm glad I finally took the time out one Sunday morning to take a stroll and have brunch here.

I started my mid day ramble with a friend, driving down Bells Mill road and parking in one of the lots right off the creek. From there it was a walk of a mile and a half, perhaps even two, reminiscing about days gone by and speaking about days to come. 

The lime-green canopy of freshly sprung leaves put a glow in the air that was just... happy. The sound of shallow water rushing over rocks massaged our ear drums, and made us forget how far we would actually have to go just to eat - a journey that only existed because I felt that if one were to take the road directly into the Valley Green Inn as opposed to walking Forbidden Drive, one would also be missing half the experience. No matter.

We got to the inn in just under 30 minutes, to find a guitar and violin duo playing "What a Wonderful World," as a wedding party made final preparations for their ceremony outside the inn. At this point, could the scene manage to get any more idyllic? Actually, it did - two angels descended from heaven and gave me a happy ending. You can't put a price on that, though my friend tried by throwing dollars coins at the seraphs. All kidding aside, the atmosphere leading up to the inn was pretty awesome.

And then we walked inside. Brunch service was in full swing at 12:30 pm, so we asked the hostess how long it would be given that I'd neglected to call ahead for reservations - a habit I'd picked up over time as other places in Philly don't play that.

"It should just be 15 minutes."

Nice. And you know what? It was. We went outside to watch the ducks, and the children that were running around the wading waters chasing the ducks. I remember when it was acceptable for me to behave that way. Now they say I have a "developmental disorder" and give me pills. All kidding aside, again, and we checked up on our table. It had just gotten set, and the hostess seated us.

Service was excellent, and food was tasty. Not exactly a heavenly hand-jo as described above, but definitely on par with any respectable purveyor of brunch items. My friend and I ordered, and we started with black coffee and scones, and then fruit salad and Caesar, respectively. Afterwards, she got the wild mushroom frittata. I went with the brie french toast. It was insanely sweet because of the candied walnuts on top - I shoved those aside and found the rest to be perfect.

Having gorged ourselves and restocked our tissue supply (allergies), we went outside and puddle jumped our way back. And that was that.

Pro-tip:
If you decide to walk to the inn, as I did, be sure to time your bathroom stops, because it's a pretty long walk. Manageable, but not exactly two blocks to the corner store.
I brought my lovely lady friend here for her birthday dinner this past Thursday. I found this place after a Yelp search for "romantic dinner," having never heard of it even once before. My lady had, though, and started freaking out as we approached the parking lot. As it happens, this was the same parking lot where, throughout her high school days, she and all her friends would park their cars before dragging a keg into the woods across the creek, into the woods and drinking next to a bonfire, like every single weekend. Small world.

So we're the only two people in the restaurant, at 7 pm on a Thursday. We were sitting in a remodeled living room, with a fireplace nearby and no music playing, which was weird at first but we got used to it. Besides for us, our server and a chef who eventually made her way out to the floor, there was nobody else there for at least a half hour, when a single person came in for dinner and made the atmosphere a little weirder for us.

But whatever, I can get over that if the meal is worth it. And for the most part, it was - it was our mistake ordering mussels so far out of season. Otherwise, they had these good BBQ pulled pork dumplings as another appetizer, and a handful of others on the menu which sounded very nice as well. Our entrees were both awesome, my mid-rare filet was just perfect, and my lady loved her duck two ways. She learned that she's a big fan of duck confit. And when our server got hung up with a party in a room on the other side of the restaurant, the chef came out and gave us a free dessert, this delicious thing that i can barely even begin to describe - like chocolate cake with something like gelato inside. Really effing good.

Definitely fits the bill for a romantic dinner, with great service and an elegant setting. Just be prepared for a very unique experience, mostly for better.
I was surprised to see such a cute building in the middle of a park.  The park is beautiful.  I decided to have lunch here.  I had the Black Angus Burger which was an Eight-ounce burger with Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Pickle, and VGI sauce.  It was served with a side salad.  The burger was great.  They had a nice selection of beers.  The service was great and the prices were right.
I was very hesitant to try this restaurant given that the yelp ranking was 3.5 and the house while quaint and pretty also looked like somewhere Jordan Peele would tell you to "Get Out" of. Overall very pleasantly surprised with my experience there. The service was so nice. We were sweaty and gross from our hike so it was nice that they had outside seating so that we didn't feel like we were stinking up the place lol. The food was pretty good I have to say. The prices ehhh but it's also the only place to eat here haha. 

We had the country pate for appetizer. Pretty dang good. The port reduction with the caper berries provided a great sweet contrast to the more earthy flavors of the pistachio and pate. We had the cat fish and the pork chops for entrees. The pork chops were cooked well, slightly dry but the the juices from the dish really moistened it up that you didn't really notice. The Brussels sprouts were amazing and I have no idea what the juices were on the dish but they went well with everything. I didn't love the sweet potato puree because it was too sweet but overall a great dish. My boyfriend had the catfish etouffee and he really liked it. It's almost like a jambalaya. The crust on the catfish is cornmeal and I was scared it would overpower the fish but it was nice and light. The rice pilaf was flavorful and fluffy. Loved the shrimp - the creole seasoning was pretty spot on. 

It was a great and romantic way to end a whole day hike and stare at nature.
I was in here over the weekend and really disappointed by this place.
First of all, the smell walking in, reeked of musty incents and the temperature of the restaurant was very warm.  The temperature remained warm the entire time I was in there, even after I asked the waiter if their air conditioning was working.

Second issue-I don't feel like the dining room was clean, because I witnessed several spiders freely roaming the walls and window panes. The bathrooms weren't that clean either.

The service was okay, but the food was subpar.  I really didn't like the fact that they threw a big fat piece of sausage on each plate, without noting on the menu that all items come with sausage. I do not eat pork for religious reasons and this was a bit of an insult. I honestly don't think it was listed on the menu (If I had seen it listed, I definitely would have asked them to hold it), but I could be wrong.
I took the sausage off the plates and put them to the side. I remained quiet because I am not the type of person to make a big fuss.   

As for the food, I had the house salad which was bland, and the cheesesteak omlette which was good, it's just kinda hard to focus on food when sitting in a hot environment with spiders crawling the walls behind you.  

I will not be back anytime soon.
The food here is delicious! We also had our wedding here and it went perfectly, I can't speak highly enough of this place!

1. Location: We were lucky and had great weather (even though it was forecasted to rain!). All the guests commented on how beautiful the setting was. We also had a very family-friendly wedding, with lots of kids in attendance, and this was the perfect venue as the kids could run out by the creek, feed the ducks, explore a bit if they got restless. 

2. Logistics: Tegan was really easy to work with. I really appreciated that VGI was very upfront about their costs and about what to expect (i.e., Fairmount Park has lots of runners/bikers that will be running by during your ceremony, parking can be a challenge if you've got a lot of people). I really liked that they didn't try to "sell" me on the place (the way a lot of venues do), they just presented the pros/cons and gave me complete information to make a decision. Tegan was super responsive and made the planning process extremely easy and stress-free

3. Food: We had a brunch wedding and the food was delicious! They are also extremely accommodating of kids and of people with food allergies. 

4. Staff: The staff was wonderful, from Tegan to the bartenders to the servers. Many of our guests commented on how nice everyone was!

5. All-Inclusive: I loved that the VGI packages also included all the linens, the floral centerpieces, the cake from Bredenbeck's (YUM!), and they help you set up/break down your decor. It took a lot of things off my plate and made the planning process much simpler.

6. Value: We felt that the Inn was a great value. The prices for the meals and the room rental fees/minimums are extremely reasonable and you get so much with the package, that it really is an incredible deal. 

It's a beautiful place to get married, I can't recommend it enough!
Super disappointed.  Look, I knew that I wasn't going to a high end place but I expected at least good food.  My family and I went on Mother's day and were offered the buffet at 6pm.  You could tell we were getting the leftovers from the busy day.  No plates, exhausted staff, dried up carving station....I thought for 40 dollars per person, 15 for the kids, there would have been a larger and fresher selection.  My husband who is not picky actually described his prime rib as rancid.  Most of the desserts were well thawed from their Sysco boxes I guess.    I will stick to buying ice cream from the side window after weekend hikes.  So bummed.

Note about where we were sat as well. When we arrived, we asked to sit on the porch.  Looked to be tables available.  The host said, "oh but we have a great table for you by the buffet and you can see outside!"  And then sat the four of us a table that easily could seat eight, yup, right in front of the sad carving station and near the buffet in the side tent, with absolutely no view of outside.  I've had nicer meals in fire halls.  He totally just didn't want us taking up a valuable inside or porch table and that was super obnoxious.
Even though this historic venue could use some sprucing up (fresh paint, etc), it's still one of my favorite places in the world and it's slightly rustic feel is all part of the charm. I know that seems like an exaggeration, but I've been going to the Valley Green Inn since my little legs could pedal a bike to get there. As a family, we always biked the trail instead of driving in. 

The food is still delicious, especially their yam fries. My roast turkey breast sandwich with applewood smoked bacon was one of the best lunches I'd had in a while. The bread, especially, was delicious and certainly held up against a slathering of mayo. I really detest wimpy bread. 

This is a place that feels upscale but is down to earth and equally wonderful whether you want brunch, lunch, or dinner. Bring the family or someone special, either way, you're sure to enjoy yourself.
I went this past Sunday for Brunch. I had received a gift certificate for Christmas, and I have been anxiously waiting for the right time to use it. 

The location is amazing, we sat outside on the porch it was nice and serene. 

To start I got the soup of the day, scallop, fennel and potato. This was nothing more than a broth. No thickness from potato, No heartiness at all!  To the point my bf states maybe you misunderstood the waitress, and she said scallion instead of scallop. But after hearing 3 different waiters describe the same dish. I was in fact correct when I heard scallop, you just couldn't find or taste them in the soup. 

Next up I ordered I got filet benedict- medium well. What I received was a bloody, filet on one croissant and a grey over cooked filet on the other croissant! Maybe if you put them together, it made it medium well? I understand how a chef's idea of temperature could be different than the patron but this was ridiculous. Each filet was cooked completely different!!!

It was the worst food experience I have ever had!
I will not return to this restaurant nor recommend this restaurant. I had a reservation made for lunch last Saturday and was seated promptly. We ordered 1 appetizer along with two entrees. The appetizer arrived in a reasonable amount of time however the service declined from there. In the 1 hour we waited for our entrees, our waitress checked on us twice. After 30 minutes, our waitress first check in with us to inform us that there is a delay as the kitchen was catching up on orders for a party of 30. We were understanding and initially was not upset at all. 

However, I started to notice parties that arrived the same time we did begin receiving their orders. After another 15 minutes, our waitress checked in on us the second time and informed us if our order does not arrive in 5 minutes, she will get Patty (whom I never got to meet nor know who it is). She expressed that the delay in our entrees was not her fault and out of her control. Well who is in control and who can correct this we thought? Patty? Five minutes passed and she did not return. I lost my patience when the table next to us, who sat down long after us, ordered the identical entrees that we ordered and received their food... We sat there and observed in confusion and disappointment. I immediately requested for our orders to be canceled which apparently have still not been started. 

No attempts to make amends were done on the restaurant's part by anyone. We were still charged for our appetizer which we gladly paid. We certainly left feeling not valued as customers at all and no one should feel the way we did. We attempted to dine at a restaurant that we took the consideration to make reservations for, proceeded to patiently wait due to the restaurant's poor time management and was left not only forgotten but also dismissed. We have never felt so insulted.
Not so long after my review, I was contacted by a restaurant Manager and invited to return to dine with Valley Green Inn again. We partook in their Sunday Brunch this time with some friends that had initially recommended the restaurant to us. The Sunday Brunch experience was pleasant and the food was decent. As someone mentioned, the restaurant is truly a gem given its location in Wissahickon Valley Park yet easily accessible to locals living nearby and visitors to the trails.

This update review reflects the restaurant's action to make amends, their accommodation for our party without a reservation, and their well-paced food service. Most importantly, we felt valued as customers this time.
Yesterday the weather cooperated for my bridal shower at Valley Green Inn. Picturesque as always, Forbidden Drive was bustling. I've always loved the inn for lunches after walks along the trail. That said, so does everyone else (and their mama, mama's friend and her dog too) but surprisingly, parking wasn't too much of a challenge the day of the event. Tegan, the events coordinator, worked well with my mom from the first communication, tour to the last emails. We squeezed 29 ladies into the club room. At capacity, the room fits 30. But if all your ladies like each other, you can make it work, and we did. My mom and bridesmaids decorated the room well although the club room's decor doesn't need much added to it. The servers were efficient but not particularly friendly, as many of the guests stated. A smile and welcoming words would go a long way. Guests really enjoyed the food (turkey clubs, veggie burgers and beef burgers), although everyone's fries could have been hotter. My mom opted to set a dessert spread (from Bredenbeck's!) up along the club room's hutch, which worked perfectly. Overall, we'd choose Valley Green Inn again. 4/5.
Came here with my sister on a very raining Wednesday night, so the place was a lil bit of an adventure trying to find in the park in the dark rain. But really worth it. So cute, cozy and quaint inside and we were seated right next to the fireplace. We ordered peppermint spiked hot chocolate and a cappuccino to warm up. The cappuccino came with a rock candy stir-er and peppermint stick with was such a cute touch. We ordered the short rib Mac and cheese, and I swear it was pure heaven. Thank god I was forced to share cause I would have eaten it all. We then got the chicken entree and the scallop entree. The chicken was juicy and perfectly cooked as were the scallops. Our server was attentive and friendly giving suggestions. This place is wonderful . I can't wait to come back in the summer to try brunch on thier porch .
Although the Inn is frustratingly hard to find, it's great to have good food that you can hike or drive directly to in the middle of a forest.  However, GPS is not helpful when you are driving around a forest, so be sure to pull the directions and phone number off the website.

I had the smoked salmon benedict, which was really good.  Sometimes places use fish that is too salty, but this was well-balanced and on a tasty croissant (rather than on the usual English muffins).  The sausage was good too, although I thought the potatoes had a slight bitter taste. The free bread basket was fine, with the carrot cake/bread being the best by far, the muffins being okay, and the berry/walnut bread being just...odd. The cappuccinos and lattes were a big hit.

The 3 stars could be bumped up to 4 with better/more AC, more attentive service (you shouldn't have to ask for water multiple times when you're only being cooled by a fan), and higher quality "included" items (e.g., potatoes and tea selection) for the $19-23 prix fixe brunch price.
In the middle of fairmount park. you have to HIKE to get to it, but it's worth it.  one caveat: for breakfast only.  The other meals I've had here weren't up to par. Breakfast is perfect.  And catch a wedding in the park on the weekends. Almost 4, but the non-bfast options bring them down.
We had our wedding there a few weeks ago. The location is amazing!! Gorgeous! You seriously can't get any better than Forbidden Drive. The Inn is also gorgeous as well. The price was very reasonable. We didn't want to have to worry about little things such as linens, center pieces, utensils, etc. The price also included the cake from Bredenbeck's. So they took care of everything and we were happy with it. We just supplied the decorations. The food was good too. The reason I only gave 4 stars though was because of the service. Back when we went for the tasting, it was like they weren't aware of us coming. They also didn't have one of our choices that we wanted to try. Not a big deal, but they just weren't too prepared. And the staff always looks so glum. A friendly smile goes a long way. :) On the wedding day, there was no guidance as what to do before the ceremony. They don't do rehearsals so anything we rehearsed outside the night before was on our own. As for what happens after the ceremony, we weren't sure. We needed somewhere to go since people were arriving and it was about 30 minutes before start time. But no one knew where we were supposed to go for the time. Our day-of planner was no where to be found. So we made ourselves comfortable in the room to right of the entrance, where the night before we were told by I believe the manager (middle aged man, grey hair and mustache and glasses) that that room gets used for the party (we asked when we ran our rehearsal). The tables were filled with dirty plates, leftover cake, high chairs...a party had just left this room. So we sat there still unsure if we were even supposed to be in that room! No one came and no one told us otherwise. Finally we asked if we could go into the bar area because that room was disgusting. When in the bar, I spoke to our day-of planner and she said that room we were in was only used if you rent the entire inn. I understood that when she told me, I just did not understand why we weren't told where else we should have been then. We would have happily gone to the appropriate place. Even sitting in the bar, no one asked the bridal party if they wanted water or anything. In fact, the bar tender was putting on her socks behind the bar as one of the groomsmen asked for a drink. She told him to hang on a minute... I was just very surprised with how things went on our wedding day. Perhaps if the event coordinator was there things would have been a little different. She was easy to communicate and work with prior to the wedding. Either way, we were not greeted when we got there, the staff looked at us as if we were an inconvenience, and the day-of planner seemed overwhelmed and bothered. I didn't feel like they were as professional as I assumed they would be at Valley Green Inn. I was just really disappointed by this. Overall, the wedding was gorgeous and thankfully our guests received better service!
My Brother and his wife got married here a few years back, and before that a good friend and her husband also tied the knot here. This place is known for it's ambiance, and not so much for it's food. 
If I could review the walking trail, I would give that five stars- but alas...
I am stuck reviewing the Inn itself. 

If you are looking for a place to go on a first date--nice.
If you are looking for a great place to hold a smallish wedding--real nice.
If you are tired and hungry while on a 5 mile trek- great place to stop and eat. The food, the staff and the decor were all right on the day we ate there. Simple sandwiches and salads at a decent price. Ok by me!
I am a native Philadelphian and currently living in Chestnut Hill;  just a mile and a half from Valley Green Inn.   For years I have enjoyed this place.   The ambience,  the service,  the food.  Today as a "thank you" for a favor a friend treated me to lunch here.   We had a reservation for 130PM.   We arrived at about 1PM and fed the ducks.  When we entered the restaurant we were both practically knocked down by the servers rushing to attend the customers on the porch.  The dining room was only half full.  It was a nice day and many folks chose to dine alfresco.   I don't like alfresco dining.  Too many bugs.  We were seated in a corner and our server was apparently on leave from US Marine basic training.   She rattled off the specials so quickly that I had to ask for a translation.   I ordered a Reuben and a merlot.   Warning!!! Do not order Jewish deli food from an American restaurant...  I needed the jaws of life to cut through the bread.  They must have a special formula for Jewish rye...something with cement.  She also said that she couldn't serve a Reuben without Russian dressing because it was already prepared.   How I miss the R & W deli at 19th and Walnut.   I appreciate attentiveness but our server was intent upon us finishing and leaving as quickly as possible.     I'll dine here again when there is a staff replacement...shouldn't be long.   Every time I dine here there is a whole new staff.   New faces every visit.  Hopefully the next time the staff won't be such supercilious creeps.    The 15%-20% gratuity is not a peremptory command.   It's no wonder so many servers regard their customers,  (dare I say guests?)  with such contumely.
By far the best restaurant location in Philadelphia!  Valley Green is nestled right along the Wissahickon stream and appears to be a restored carriage house.  They've successfully preserved the historical integrity of the property and nothing is out of place.  If you're in a colonial dining mood, this is your place.  I imagine they put on a nice Thanksgiving dinner, too!  However, Valley Green is not a place you'll stumble upon as you drive down the street; it's literally in the middle of the woods!  If you hike the Wissahickon, you've no doubt seen it before...

The menu at first is odd, but after trying a few items, you slowly realize that it's a reflection of everything they know how to do well - comfort food.  Tey do, however, have a more modern twist on things and it's worth going crazy and trying something you've never had before.

We haven't tried the brunch yet, but I've heard great things and that will be part of trip two to Valley Green.
I can't recommend their Sunday brunch highly enough. This restaurant is truly a gem. In our case, I booked for the 10:00 AM opening on New Year's Day 2016, which may sound crazy, but turned out to be a great way to start the new year. (This was not a Sunday, but on this holiday, they serve the Sunday brunch menu - something that I'm not sure is clear from their web site.) If you want to do brunch (or even lunch) I recommend that you don't drive in and park in the lot at the Inn; instead, park at one of the more distant lots (the Kitchens Lane lot for example), then take a walk along the Wissahickon on Forbidden Drive. (On the way back, take the trail on the other side of the creek - there's a great view of the restaurant from across the creek, especially in winter when the trees are bare - plus you get to walk through the Finger Bridge.) There's something really special about taking the time to walk, and then arrive at this restaurant, which is so evocative of the pre-automobile era. During our New Year's visit, the Inn was decorated for the holidays, which was charming, and with the wood fireplace actually providing the heat for the dining room. (I wouldn't sit too close.) 

Our server, despite having worked the New Year's Eve dinner the night before, was great. She was so enthusiastic about the menu, and rightfully so. She made us feel really welcome and appreciated. (This was probably the earliest time of day that I've consumed an alcoholic beverage - the hot buttered spiced rum was quite a treat.) The brunch is a $30 prix fixe two-course menu - a truly excellent value. Their house salad was excellent, and the lobster frittata was as well. But I don't think you could go wrong with anything on the menu. The one glitch, noted quite appropriately by another Yelper, was that the side of potatoes is served with a meat sausage. This didn't bother me much, but I don't eat meat, and would have declined to have it on my plate if I had the choice. (My wife, however, vouches for the excellent quality of them.) Next time, I'll say "hold the sausage". Nevertheless, we'll definitely be walking back again for brunch before long.
Nestled in Fairmount Park along the trail is this old landmark inn.   I went there a few years back and thought the food was grim.  They solely got business based on their locale.  Things have changed over the past few years.  While the back won't win any Michelin awards soon, the food is much improved. Em and I stopped there during a walk on a beautiful day a few weeks back, and our lunch was really tasty.  I had a fajita wrap that frankly, I could have had another right then and there if decorum weren't a factor.  Friendly staff and the occasional horse strolling by made it even more enjoyable.  

I always thought this place was a missed opportunity.  To have a great restaurant in the park would be novel and a destination dining experience.  While it's still nowhere near that, it has improved ten-fold and that gives me hope that maybe one day, it will be THE place to be.  Until then, get some exercise along Valley Green and then stop in for a nice meal.  A wonderful way to spend an afternoon.
Went there with my best friend...love the area...I live in this part of philly and it just doesnt even seem like its philly...anyhoo I digress...I cannot stand this place..the service was bad, its like the waitstaff had some kind of problem in serving us...smug attitudes...and the food was so beyond subpar it was ridiculous...and the restrooms were beyond unsanitary...i love the trails that are in front of this place but I will never step back into that joint again...it gives joints a bad name.
I came here last night for the "classier" half of my birthday celebration and this place definitely delivered.

Set within the seemingly endless realm of Fairmount Park and along the Forbidden trail, the Valley Green Inn radiates an unparalleled rusticness complemented by unique, mouthwatering cuisine.

Never in the US has it been so easy to hop on a bike and ride through scenic greenery to a restaurant! I love that. And what a classic place.  You enter to the familiar floorboard creaks, narrow doorways, and stone walls of true historic homes where you are escorted into a home dining room-like setting.  It was so quiet and peaceful; it truly felt like you were sitting at your own kitchen table. 

Our very informative waiter explained with precision the history of the business (which has existed for over 300 years) as well as specific descriptions of each menu selection with his oh so eloquent cuisine-infused verbiage.  

Highlights: the crab cake soup in a sweet potato/coconut broth and the purple asparagus salad (asparagus grown in half light and half dark conditions).

Overall great venue for a special occasion and the perfect place if you're someone looking for a park adventure.
Made reservations in October for Thanksgiving.  Called twice to confirm only to be told that they no record of the reservation.  The day prior I called and I was told that they could not confirm, but could guarantee a seating for two people.  Arrived and was told they were booked.  I even gave my credit card info to hold the reservation.  A real disappointment since this was a gift for two friends.  Very unorganized and sub par.
I'm updating last year's review, because after yet another New Year's Day visit, I can't recommend their brunch highly enough. This restaurant is truly a gem. In our case, I booked for the 10:00 AM opening on New Year's Day 2016, which may sound crazy, but turned out to be a great way to start the new year. So great, in fact, that I repeated the visit again for New Year's Day 2017. If you want to do brunch (or even lunch) I recommend that you don't drive in and park in the lot at the Inn; instead, park at one of the more distant lots (the Kitchens Lane lot for example), then take a walk along the Wissahickon on Forbidden Drive. (On the way back, take the trail on the other side of the creek - there's a great view of the restaurant from across the creek, especially in winter when the trees are bare - plus you get to walk through the Finger Bridge.) There's something really special about taking the time to walk, and then arrive at this restaurant, which is so evocative of the pre-automobile era. During our New Year's visit, the Inn was decorated for the holidays, which was charming, and with the wood fireplace actually providing the heat for the dining room. (I wouldn't sit too close.) 

I was sorry to see that this year, they didn't offer the hot buttered rum, but their spiced cider made up for it. The new year's brunch was a $30 prix fixe two-course menu - a truly excellent value. Their house salad was excellent, and the 2016 lobster frittata was gone, but the 2017 crab Eggs Benedict was outstanding, eggs perfectly poached. I don't think you could go wrong with anything on the menu. We'll definitely be walking back again for brunch before long.

Get on their email list - this past December they offered gift cards that were basically 50% off. Incredible bargain.
Sat for 10 minutes and staff walked by pretending not to see us. Not sure what that's all about but sure, if you don't want my money, I'll be happy to tell my friends not to bother, either.
My husband & I dined here for brunch on our one year anniversary. We arrived at our 11am reservation time and were promptly seated outside. Our waitress came over quite quickly after we were seated. I ordered a coffee and a mimosa, and my hubby got a beer & coffee. Coffee was nice & hot, and the mimosa was filled to the top, with plenty of champagne.

The meals have 2 set prices, depending on what you get. They all come with your choice of soup, house salad, Caesar salad, or fruit salad. They also bring you out a basket of baked goods, like muffins, scones, sweet breads, etc. I tried a banana bread muffin and some sort of spiced sweet bread. They were both good.

Hubby chose house salad and pecan waffles. Most entrees came with sides of potatoes & sausage. He ate every bite.

I had potato leek soup & filet benedict. Soup was nice & hot & had a great flavor. Filet benedict was delicous--steak cooked perfectly, hollandaise sauce was light & not too lemony like it can be sometimes. 

Food was delicious, ambiance is nice--right in Wissahickon Creek Park. You can people watch if you sit outside. 

I will be coming back!
Once was enough.  
The service was meh- okay.  Not too friendly or helpful.  
Took forever to get water, bread, and have our order taken.  We were there on a weekend night & the place was not full, and there was no wedding going on, so it's unclear what the slow service was about.  
The french onion soup was too potent to enjoy.  The risotto was not enjoyable either; I've had better out of the frozen section at Trader Joe's!  
The saving grace was the creme brule.  Best I've had in years, but still not enough to make me want to go back.
I went to this restaurant with my father and cousin about a month ago.  I ordered the crab cakes, and my cousin ordered the steak.  Both of us were quite sick for the days to follow.  We both missed two days of work and the sickness was quite violent.  We told my father of this and he called the restaurant to let them know what happened.  He was blown off completely at first by the manager.  The manager was quite rude to him, and did not offer to do anything about the situation.  My father called back on another occasion and asked for the owner, who matter of factly told my father it was not his problem that both my cousin and I got sick.  My father requested his money back for the dinner, since my cousin and I were not able to keep it down anyway, but was quite clear that he wanted the waitress to keep her tip as she was very attentive, especially considering she was the only waitress working that night.  The owner said he would absolutely not give us any money back, nor would he apologize for the inconvenience.  Frankly, I feel food poisoning is no joke, and the fact that both the owner and the manager do not seem concerned that their restaurant is POISONING people, makes me question how their restaurant is run and managed.  Where do they get their meat?  How long was that crab meat sitting in their kitchen? And furthermore, they should at least admit they made a mistake.  To not apologize at all, not only do I feel these people poisoned me, but that also feels like a slap in the face.  I am strongly encouraging anyone, and everyone, not to go to this restaurant.
Cute place in Wissahickon, its casual but has great food. We made a day date starting here for brunch - we got the burger and fries and the cheese plate with a couple of drinks. We walked it off after with a short hike. If you have reservations, you can park at the bottom of the hill near the restaurant which is an added bonus.

Would definitely come again if I wanted to tack on a meal with my trip to the lovely Wissahickon.
This park is like a mini get-away from city life. They have several options as far as trail systems for different activities. They have a long gravel road for easy bike riding/ running walking the dog and so on. They also have some pretty sick MTB trails that will test your skills and is a known hot spot for raiding in the city. You can get maps online for the MTB trail system. If you go to the opposite side of the creek there are really good hiking trails that are some what challenging at some points (rocky,steep). It's a really nice place just look out for no parking signs because PPA is always on the prowl on the weekends when it's hard to park.
13 years I have been going here for our wedding anniversary. !7 years we have been going as a couple. This year I walked away in tears in the parking lot. My Dinner, the pork chop dish was so over salted it was uneatable. It tasted like someone dumped a salt shaker, the cap fell off, and they brushed it off. We switched plates and he couldn't bear it either. We complained, and they brought back out the same dish. I think they rinsed it off with water and gave it back. Our meal was $73 for two. No drinks, no desert. Normally I wouldn't care because it was a special occasion, but when I walk out hungry, angry and in tears I can not forgive. We will NEVER be back!!!!
In early Oct. 2013 on a lovely fall night my husband and myself decided to try the
Inn for dinner.  Everyone agrees that it is a lovely place to dine.  The scenery and the
peacefulness is totally relaxing.  We have had lunch here many times and always
enjoyed it very much.  We did not enjoy dinner at all.  High priced, bad presentation
and the food was not very good.  We will never have dinner here again but as I said
IT IS A GREAT PLACE FOR LUNCH AND THE MENU IS MUCH BETTER AT LUNCH TIME.  Also, I want to mention that we only eat here in nice weather because we like to have lunch on the porch.
Came here for lunch today after a nice morning hike. We didn't have reservations and were able to be seated inside without any wait. 

I ordered the veggie burger which was very good. It's supposed to come with avocado but i didn't get any avocado. The aioli is good. It's served with a side salad which is a bed of mixed greens lightly dressed. 

My boyfriend ordered the bacon wrapped meatloaf served with string beans, garlic mashed potatoes and onion rings. He said it was delicious. I tried the potatoes and thought they were cold/ luke warm. 

Our waiter was friendly and nice. 

I'm not sure where all the bad reviews are coming from. Everyone at the restaurant today seemed very pleased with their meal. 

Lose 1 star for forgetting the avocado, bland side salad and cold mashed potatoes. 

We will definitely return the next time we go to wissahickon for a hike!
My wife and I came here after a quick walk around the trail.  We were here for Sunday Brunch, which is a pre-fixe set at the base of $19.95 and a surcharge for anything outside the pre-fixe.  My wife ordered the parfait and waffles with pecans.  I ordered the soup of the day (butternut squash with roasted pumpkin seeds) and the chicken and waffles ($5 surcharge).  
My wife's parfait was well layered and tasty.  My soup was very good.  The roasted pumpkin seeds gave a nutty, smoky flavor to the soup.  
My wife said her waffles with pecans was actually too sweet.  I fell to the ground and got back up because I never hear her say anything is too sweet.  My chicken and waffles were good, but I wish there were a little more chicken than they served.  The chicken portion was puny.
So here's the problem - the service.  While friendly, it was very disjointed and inefficient.  I felt like I was watching the Keystone Cops operate.  Like I said, it was friendly, but just slow and lacking simple things like refilling your water in a timely fashion or how they clear the table.
The view, if you sit outside, is really nice because there is plenty of people watching.
But overall, it was okay.  If you are there and want a place close by to eat, this would do.
Very delicious dinner and dessert.

Roasted salmon: perfectly cooked with flavorful corn and succotash. Highly recommend 

Banana bread pudding: comes with vanilla ice cream. You can taste the banana, the bread is moist with perfect sweetness 

Chocolate mousse: rich chocolate without being overly sweet 

Overall it's a great dining experience with beautiful surroundings
I have to take it all back. The chef has apparently left. From watery drinks to gluey potatoes over cooked protein and slow inattentive service. Thus one nice restaurant earns one star.
We used to love this place for so many reasons. Unfortunately Valley Green Inn has been very disappointing and I doubt coming back.  
I wonder if part of the problem has been that they were also hosting a wedding, but our food was late and cold :(. Especially 3 of 6 dishes.
This place has just become my favorite restaurant in the entire Philadelphia area.   It is spectacular!  I've ridden by this place countless times on a mountain bike , and I finally got a chance to try it. What an experience! The atmosphere is obviously very interesting...lots of history and culture. The service was delightful - anyone who says differently is probably a silver-spooned snob. Parking might sometimes be...interesting, but it just adds to the fun of going to this place. It's in the middle of nowhere, nestled quietly along Forbidden Drive. Google it and wow yourself with the history...pretty neat!  I really can't wait to go back to this place...it's open every single day of the year (yes, even THAT day), and I plan on going here many many more times throughout life.
This place is an absolute gem. 
I went to eat lunch here on a beautiful summer day. It was a wonderful break from the hustle and bustle of the city! They give great portion sizes. 
The only downside was slow service and quite a few bugs flying around while we tried to dine outside. 
The food is delicious. I highly recommend the grilled salmon and especially the creme brulee. 
This place is a hidden gem. Its definitely worth trying to find!
We went without a reservation on a Sunday afternoon during the dinner hours.  We were able to sit on the porch along with a number of other diners who did not have reservations.  Our waitress wasn't rude, but she was definitely unpleasant bordering on grumpy.  The Caesar salad had grit in it like the lettuce wasn't washed properly.  When we informed them of this, they did take one salad off of the bill (which was not the point of our informing them, but certainly nice).  

The menu looks great and I would try it again, but the atmosphere tries to be fine dining in an area that is more casual on a weekend afternoon.  A bit stuffy and all of the staff seemed harried and not friendly.
The other night, the weather was finally warm enough to enjoy some al fresco dining! So my husband, 6 month old, and my father-in-law visiting from FL decided to check this place out for the first time. What a surprising delight!

Before the baby, I used to frequent the Wissahickon trail, and I would run past this place over and over, never really thinking to actually dine here. In fact, as we were making our way down the road to the Inn, my father-in-law skeptically commented, "Frances, are you sure there is a restaurant down here??" 

After finding a parking spot (there are two parking lots), we had to walk just a bit... so if you have bad knees, I would recommend parking in the closer parking lot! We had our BOB stroller, so it was actually perfect for us.

We decided to sit down to eat in the patio area, with a nice view of the trail and the creek. I was a little skeptical because we were the only ones there, but it was early evening, and as the time went by, several people began to fill the seats in the patio. The atmosphere was very relaxing, being surrounded by nature while dining was just so delightful and refreshing. We took a peek inside, and the antiqued interior was authentically charming as well.

The food we sampled was satisfactory to good. Because we were not that hungry, we decided to just taste a few small plates. We tried the calamari, the spring rolls, the curried crab cake, and the mussels. Out of everything I would recommend the mussels and the crab, so I cannot speak for the entrees at this point. But the view actually makes the whole meal, and the ambiance alone earns the 4th shining star of this place.

I understand they do cater events, as I've seen weddings in the past as I run by. Not sure if I'd want joggers and cyclists constantly being in the background of all my wedding pictures, though (just my opinion!). 

I'd definitely recommend bringing a date here, and enjoying a romantic stroll on the trail, if the weather permits. At the same time, we were a party of four (including a baby), and the staff still made it comfortable and accommodating for children.

Pros:
Being in the middle of nature
Relaxing and peaceful ambiance
Can be romantic or more family friendly
Food is decent

Cons:
Not easily accessible
Food was just decent (but we only sampled a few plates)

We will definitely be back, and I hope to try some more food, especially BRUNCH!
This is the most awful food ever. All the stuff served like a bad cruise. Colorless, flavor free and the place is a hole. I went for dinner. Nice wait and front staff. However, made a wrong turn and heard the chef yelling at someone.  The kitchen smelled smoky and I turned away quickly. The desserts are clearly frozen and bought elsewhere.  Save your money.
The Valley Green Inn is in a beautiful location.  The staff is friendly and polite.  They were very accommodating to our large party.  The soup/salads/bread basket were very good.  The downfall of the brunch was the main course.  The food was bland, generic, tasteless and barely hot.  We will not be returning here again.   I'm certain we can get a much better meal almost anywhere in the area.   The majority of our party left feeling as though we overpaid for a barely average meal.  It was dissapointing.
Bottom 5 lifetime dining experiences (valentines prix fixe). Won't go into details, but  I sing from the top of the mountains to anyone that will listen regarding my outright displeasure.
Came here for a chilly Sunday brunch with my husband and dog. It's a nice place to walk to from Manayunk that really takes you away from the city. 

The view was really nice and the service was pretty good. The food is really only OK, though. I had the Brie stuffed french toast, which was OK. The tomato soup was very good. My husband went for the Eggs Benedict, which were also OK. The Caesar salad was not good. Pastries weren't very good either. The butter was served very cold and impossible to spread on the soft, crumbly breads. On the bright side, my dog loved the sausage that came with the meals. 

With tax and tip, it comes to about $25 per person. It's a lot of food and you're definitely full for a while, but I don't know how inspired I am to return.
This place could be so much, yet apparently gets away with not being good because it essentially has guaranteed business given its serene setting.

Obviously the setting is phenomenal. Can't say enough about it. We went for lunch last winter, nice snow flurries outside, etc. Perfect for a fireside meal.....Not sure why the doing room had to be so damn smokey. That's not how properly built fireplaces work. Everytime a worker stirred the fire smoke billowed into the room. Our eyes watered. Another table asked to be moved elsewhere. Couple that with the el cheapo plastic sheets covering the windows (presumably for controlling drafts?), and the ambient quickly diminished. You couldn't even the outside!

The "oven roasted turkey" on the turkey club sandwich was the slimy pre-packaged kind you get at Costco. A lower quality (is it ham? turkey? Spam? You can't-quite-tell-color/texture) than even the super cheap deli sandwichs I get in center city from street carts for $3 (where I expect it). 

My wife's grilled cheese was super greasy. And was not served on challah bread like the menu suggests. It was actually texas toast. No biggie, I guess. Except it was $11!!!!
As I am a great fan of hiking the Wissahickon and enjoying nature's beauty, the Valley Green Inn has become a favorite spot of mine.  Set back off the beaten path, the Valley Green Inn is a wonderful place to enjoy peace & quiet right outside the hubbub of Philadelphia.

Feeding the ducks is a must - make sure you bring some spare slices of bread (I save my bread ends for just this occasion).  Brunch is our favorite.  Try the brie-stuffed French toast.  It will not disappoint!
Diving off the Chestnut Hill main drag, you suddenly start to feel like you've entered the 19th century on the final approach up Valley Green Drive.  Quiet, dimly lit parking around an isolated outpost on the river.  The faint rustling of leaves and....the booming voice of an MC?  Apparently they host wedding receptions in an outdoor tent next to the building.   The noise was very faint from inside the busy restaurant, but predictably the service suffered quite a bit.

Small but serviceable wine and beer selections.  I now know Shock Top Pumpkin Wheat is not the best.  

It took almost 30 minutes of intermittent nagging after placing our order before we had bread.  I will chalk that up to the wedding.

Food was pretty decent once it arrived.  Crabcake was a little filler heavy, but the curry with coconut sauce was quite good.  Shrimp and Crab Spring Rolls were pretty forgettable, but I guess that's what I get for ordering that kind of thing here.  Good presentation, but nothing special really on the flavor front.

The best part of the meal was the rack of lamb.  The smoked celeriac puree was delicious with the perfectly cooked lamb.  Brussels sprouts also worked with the dish.  Good flavors and definitely one of the best lamb racks I've had.  

Sea Scallops didn't quite do it.  It sounds interesting on the menu with the fruit medley and pomegranate reduction.  At first it was good, but the whole thing ends up being too sweet and by the time my wife was finished she was starting to find it cloying.

It's not a bad place, but I doubt we'll be back as there are better options for this type of dining closer to where we live.
The food here is excellent, as is the service. I frequently hike the trails in the surrounding Wissahickon Valley park (a number of interesting features are within a reasonable walking distance from the restaurant parking lot, including "Finger Span", an art installation bridge over a crevasse, "The Indian" statue, and the covered bridge), and this is a convenient place to end up at for a fine meal. It's also very historic looking and somewhat period-furnished. My only complaint, which is why I rated it 4-star instead of 5 (would have given it 4-1/2 if possible), is the  odor of mildew inside. But the real charm of this place is in eating outside on the porch, amidst the peaceful surroundings and murmuring  adjacent stream.
This is a beautiful place in in the middle of a park by a stream.  Having lunch on the porch on a beautiful day is one of life's pleasures.  Since our last visit in the fall they have changed chefs and the menu and my two favorite items are gone.  The previous chef did a fish sandwich that I could dream about.  Also gone is a world class cheese sandwich.  This time I tried the fried chicken sandwich and it was good but I kept thinking about that fish sandwich.  My wife had the portobello sandwich and didn't care for it.
Would not let us sit on the porch for drinks.
Had to have them in the dining room.
Reason given was that they would have to clean up the table after we left.
Does that mean they leave the table in the dining room dirty?
2 drinks = no mess.
Hostess was a frumpy young woman.
No pleasantness at all.
Another couple left w/o ordering because they were left waiting.
Manager needs to wake up.
Did get an excellent Margarita..
This was at 5 PM on Memorial day.
Wow. Great service and food in a beautiful venue! 

We had seen VGI show up on some lists for wedding receptions and we eventually checked it out. We immediately liked it. Tegan was super prompt and professional and worked with our budget all while instilling a ton of confidence. 

During the tasting, we tried so many dishes and all were good. We had a tough time choosing. If you're vegetarian you'll have lots of options as well. 

As the planning continued, Tegan was incredibly patient with our questions and changes and on the big day, she and her team impressed the hell out of me and our guests. Everything was set up just as promised and all looked fantastic. 

Getting married in Philadelphia can be expensive and many of the historical places have strict limitations and rules (no red wine at one place) so if you want history, beauty, nature, good service and food in your wedding - check out Valley Green Inn.
Went here for lunch a few days ago. Memories of my grandmother taking me here as a youngin' to feed ducks came flooding back... and immediately halted as I was chased into the restaurant by an aggressive goose. D:

Great setting and nice building tucked down next to the Wissahickon creek. For the historically inclined they've got an album with lots of information/pictures about the inn. 

The food was pretty good, I had the meatloaf with mashed potatoes and green beans. Reasonable serving, not huge. Came with a little cup of fresh fruit! Also had a bite of the grilled cheese, made with brie, gruyere, bacon and tomato. Good as well, and probably made with at least one stick of butter. 

Prices were reasonable with the most expensive entree being $12 or $13. You could easily pay twice as much to eat somewhere half as nice. 

Definitely a place to take the parents, people visiting from out of town, etc.
Had the pleasure of visiting the Valley Green this past Saturday. My friends and I truly enjoyed a fabulous lunch on the porch ! We where celebrating my birthday!! Will definitely return again ,, one of my favorite restaurants !! EXCELLENT !
Easter Sunday 2016. Reservations for 4 at 6:30. It is now 8:00 pm. We got bread and drinks. Nothing else. The table next to us was seated at 5:30 and at 8:00 were still waiting for their entrees. Management said that the kitchen has been slow all day. Comped our drinks. We tipped the waitperson (not her fault) and left. Off to Chestnut Hill Grill.
The Valley Green Inn is in a beautiful location with wonderful ambiance.  The wait staff if polite and friendly.   We had a large party and the staff was very accommodating.  The downfall of the brunch was the main course .  It was bland, tasteless, barely hot and  not worth the price of the meal.  The soups/salads were somewhat tasty along with the bread basket that they put on the table.   We will not be returning here.  I know we can get better food almost anywhere....Disappointed............
I had been here for brunch. REALLY amazing food in a fascinating location. I suggest to take a walk before or after :)
If you want to truely explore Philly; than you must go to The Valley Green Inn.  It's a historical restaurant tucked away in Fairmount Park.  The restaurant itself boasts a decent sized menu to satisfy any pallate.  The cuisine is American but food is simply just amazing; no matter what you get.  I would highly recommend getting the chocolate mousse for dessert...it is decadent, velvety and rich that melts right on your tounge.  Other than the food...the location of the restaurant is just spectacular...it located in front of a stream that's filled with ducks that you can feed.  There's also a trail there which you can walk on or run...ride bikes.  Truely amazing!!
I came here for brunch over the weekend after a brisk walk with a few people. The brunch itself was great, a prix fix menu with a starter soup or salad and bunch of traditional brunch options with a more expansive menu if other options for an additional $4. I ordered the smoked salmon Benedict, though I had trouble deciding with all the great options available! My starter was the Caesar salad- too much dressing, my main dish was great eggs were poached to perfection, the salmon was fresh and the toasted croissant was excellent.

Overall, the food was decent, but a little pricey for what you get. Drinks were just okay too (I had the mimosa). I think the draw for this place is the location and the quaint decor.
Took my friend for a special birthday lunch celebration. Enjoyed the whole experience  from start to finish. The place is so adorable with a cozy fireplace, friendly staff & yummy food. Best onion soup with lots & lots of cheese,  fried calamari  lightly breaded  with cornmeal, and juicy steak that was so  tender & flavorful. My friend chose a chocolate mouse for desert , the thoughtful waiter  over heard it was her birthday & put a candle in it. We all sang to her & the other guests dinning at the restaurant joined in & applauded. Had a very nice experience, will return soon. Cannot wait to dine outside on the lovely porch in nicer weather.
Lovely place in Philadephia! The food is always delicious, and the atmosphere is perfect especially on a sunny day. So glad it's a bit hard to find - keeps it from getting too crowded!
Awesome location, OK food, server was great - host not so much... Thats what did it for me... Did not get a welcome when we entered, stood in front of the host for almost 6-7 minutes until she looked up (never smiled) and we were off to our table... We were put in a room with two large parties of 10+ (we were a party of two mind you) and we had to share the server with the two 8-top tables... very frustrating when you needed something not to mention the hour it took to get our order in... Ill re-check the place out in a year or better...
We must say that the ambience is awesome. We sat on the porch and watched the joggers & dog walkers go by in an ideal park setting. There was even a wedding ceremony taking place next to the creek right in front of the Inn.
That is 3 stars. The food? Mediocre at best. 
The presentation was good but both of our meals were under seasoned. I would expect this at a diner who charged half of what they charged.
Extremely disappointed! 
Took my niece, from out of town, to her father's favorite Haunt as a kid. Valley Green Inn has been a "go-to" for decades because of it's location, ambiance and (maybe not great but) good food.
Not this time.
Shared the Caesar Salad, which was large and tasty. The lettuce was huge, barely cut up.
Two of us ordered the "Strip Steak". It really takes some nerve to call what we got a Strip Steak. It was less than half an inch thick. Almost had to wonder if they only had one steak left and divided it, to have two portions.
Ordered them Medium rare but how do you cook a steak this thin to any given temperature? One was over done the other well done at one end and rare at the other.
$32 for this steak that looked like something that should have been made into cheese steak!
Wish I had the nerve to tell them to take it back.

My husband ordered Sea Scallops - which was a better choice but still pretty bad. Received 5 scallops all different sizes, all smaller than a half dollar. All over cooked.

Our waitress was a gem!
I just had my wedding reception in the side room of the Valley Green Inn and cannot recommend it highly enough.  The lady in charge of coordinating events for the restaurant, Kate, is lovely, punctual with responses, knowledgeable, and good at her job.  The reception itself looked beautiful, gorgeous floral centerpieces, attentive servers who were quick with hors d'oeuvres, and the wedding cake (they outsource the baking to Bredenbeck's Bakery in Germantown) was awesome.  The buffet style brunch was tasty (so many guests agreed) which was such a bonus.  Come on people, let's start throwing more receptions at restaurants instead of hotels, if only for the food.  The food was great.  People pretended they were embarrassed to go back for seconds, but go back they did.  

If you want a pretty affordable reception venue where most all of the work is handled for you (food, linens, plates, flowers, bar) you should really go see this place.  The location is lush and wonderful, and I'm happy to say I would rent this place again.  

LOVE.
Pretty much agree with just about all the reviews posted about Valley Green.  Great location and setting.  Food was ok.

Met a first date here for lunch and sat on the front porch/patio.  While we chatted and dined, we watched a wedding take place in front of the restaurant along the creek.    A very romantic date spot, too bad there wasn't a love connection.  Haha.   We shared the mussels which were a special for the day and I had a grilled salmon blt with sweet potato chips.   No complaints.   

I will definitely go back.
This is a great place for a special brunch or lunch after a hike along the Wissahickon river.  If it's a nice day, an outside table overlooking the trail and river is perfect.  The inside tables are charming as well. The food is always excellent, the service has always been good. But I think the location and is what really sets this place apart from any other restaurant.
Very rude hostess and reoccurring terrible service. Shame since it is a charming establishment
The Valley Green Inn is a sweet, very charming, and totally romantic date-night restaurant.  I know that everyone raves about doing brunch there, but I have to say...I love driving down the hill at night....it feels like there should be nothing there, and then the Inn shines like someone's home.  When you step inside it has all the warmth and charm of a Philadelphia colonial inn.  The food is very good...but the wine list could use a lot of love.  They make a great martini which can make up for the lack of wine list.  I highly recommend the brie, the spring rolls, and the meatloaf.
Tried to stop in on a random Sunday and it's only open for reservations. I was totally frustrated. Hopefully, I will have some updated reviews for you this coming Sunday, as I made a reservation for my moms bday.

Finally......on Sunday, June 7th, only my husband and I had the pleasure of eating at the Valley Green Inn. I had the  cream of asparagus soup and the Philly Omelet. The soup was good, however it had a lot of stringingness to it. I had to constantly take strings out my mouth, but the temperature was on point. The Philly omelet was not what I quite expected. Everything but the cheese on the inside was cold, even my steak. I was very disappointed that I didn't finish my food. The potatoes were ok and so were the sausages. Some of the waitress/waiters were ok and very attentive and some were not, I guess it all depends on who you get and when you go. I was a little disappointed as I live close and would have loved to experience more dining here, however I am not sure if I will.
Lovely, historical, exquisite. Succulent crab cakes in true Maryland fashion. (Psst! They do outdoor weddings on the lakefront just outside the door).
We came here on a Saturday morning for brunch (4 adults). The food was excellent, large portions and the tuna was fresh, so five stars for the food. Our waitress (Eve) was friendly, but our encounter was a bit odd. We ordered 1 appetizer, a soup, and 4 entrees. She brought the soup, the appetizer and 3 entrees together, but didn't mention anything about the 4th entree (which was just a burger). 15 minutes later, we figured it's obvious that they've forgotten about the 4th entree. Since the portions were sizable, my boyfriend went and told her that if they haven't started preparing for the 4th entree, it's okay just take it off the check. We went on and enjoyed our lunch (I shared my entree with my boyfriend), but we never received an apology from anyone. There were a lot of staff, so they definitely weren't understaffed.
When we got the check, I tried to ask what happened (just to find out what went wrong), and the answer she gave was "the kitchen was taking a long time", but again, no apology.
So I guess we will never find out what happened. The food was great. Service could've been better!
I cannot say enough good things about my great experience with a luncheon at the Valley Green Inn.  The luncheon was held on short notice and despite just two days notice went off without any issues despite my miscalculation on start time (we ended up arriving 30 minutes before my estimated time) and my underestimating the number of attendees by about 25.  Maggie was great to work with, although I think I stressed her a little with the underestimate on attendees, sorry about that Maggie.  The setting was wonderful, room comfortably accommodated the nearly 90 people we had in attendance and everyone commented on how delicious the food was.

Thank you again Maggie for making the luncheon planning and execution the easiest thing I had to do that week!
we were here for a wedding not too long ago. the setting is gorgeous, because it sits right along the wissahickon creek. the wedding was all outside under a lovely patio with stone floors and walls. the cocktail hour was throughout the place, but with cold appetizers and extra tables along the front porch. there were also the typical butlered hors d'oeurves like bacon-wrapped scallops. (i know they're frozen - they always are. but like everyone else, i can't get enough bacon-wrapped anything.) there were also stuffed marinated mushrooms, which were really tasty. the cold appetizers included cheeses, cold grilled veggies, hummus, etc. i had never seen hummus for a cocktail hour, but was pleasantly surprised. 

for dinner, my fiance had the filet, which was cooked very well and was very tender - much better than lots of other places that serve random pieces of cow, cut into filet-shaped pieces.  i had the duck. it was very well cooked. quite frankly i don't remember what it came with... because of the open bar. on that note, i will say that the bar is very small. other than that, the place is great for a small affair (less than 100 people). i would love to go back and have a real meal here.
Have been here for a few Mother's Day brunches which were average.  But had not been here for dinner in many years. Decided to give it a try. Don't do it!!  I had the scallops which are normally one of my favorite foods.  These tasted like scallops in salt water.  Perhaps they are soaked in a salt preservative and the chef forgot to rinse them off.  I could not eat them. They were laying on a soggy risotto that absorbed all the salt water as well.  I actually had to get up twice during the night to drink water!  My husband had crab cakes that did not taste anything like crab. The most peculiar taste that I could not identify. Waitress asked how our food was because she could see that we did not eat it. We did not make a big fuss- just told her the truth.  They only charged us for one entree which was decent.  Seems that it may be ok for brunch and for al fresco dining but would def not suggest dinner. So tired of paying so much for dinner and everything just seems so mediocre!
I loved this place! Came out for a walk with my boyfriend and grabbed a light dinner. It was a beautiful misty late afternoon and we sat out on the porch and had a fantastic waitress who reminded us very much of a pleasant and slightly whimsical family member. She made us feel as though we were over her house for supper and she answered all of our questions about the menu with enthusiasm. I ended up getting the appetizer she suggested and I absolutely LOVED it. The baked Brie with fruit is to die for. Everything about this place is fantastic. I highly recommend :)
I usually don't give out 5 stars but the setting of this restaurant in the middle of a state forest on the edge of Philadelphia is unbeatable.  I was looking for a cool date activity so ended up taking my BF on a hike and then to an early dinner here.  The park itself is beautiful.  I have been several times but never to this restaurant, usually just to swim and hike, but from now on I will skip bringing my lunch/dinner and hit up this place (when I can afford it as it isn't the cheapest place in the world!)

We had an excellent table near the fire place and enjoyed the crackle of the wood against the soft classical music playing.  The crab cake sliders and short rib Mac and Cheese were very  tasty.  We were satiated already BUT we each got a pan roasted chicken with sweet potato puree that was excellent and so worth the stuffed feeling afterwards.  Obviously to full for desert we had to leave but we enjoyed everything along with the fine service.  We will be back.
Service is very slow....been here many times always same thing.....10 min wait for a server and another 10 min for a beverage.....and I always sit outside and it's not busy.salad and 2 beers should not take an hour.
So disappointed - have been looking forward to a meal here for a long time. Finally went, only to have an overpriced brunch - $19.95 for an entree, $8.50 for a watery bloody mary. I ordered chilaquiles & it was mostly a platter of chips. The waiter brought my husband the wrong dish & when we said so, he argued "No, this is what the ticket said" - just an unpleasant experience overall.
I tried to give this place another chance but 10 minutes for a waitress to even acknowledge me and then I asked for a sample of the champagne, she walked by me twice and didn't even ask if I wanted it. Guy doing the water said that the brunch was a nightmare. Everyone in this place is absolutely miserable. Walked out. Never again.
My husband and I took his parents for lunch and it was delightful. Once again our waiter (a different one) made us smile--this time because he sang the names of each and every dish dish as he placed it on the table :)

I highly recommend the Mushroom Bisque, Grilled Cheese and the Pistachio Gelato (The Chocolate Pistachio Pate is flavorless however--skip it).

Lunch at the Valley Green Inn is the meal to try. Will definitely return.
The food was wonderful! Had the baked brie appetizer - deliciousness. The filet mignon was perfectly cooked. 

The atmosphere was great too - got to sit by the fireplace. Super cozy on a cold winter night.
We came here for a business retreat and we liked the cabin vibe, but I was a little bit disappointed by the level of service as the coffee were not attended to, the container spouted explosively scalding coffee everywhere. The food was slightly lukewarm and subpar. That being said, there is free wifi and you get access to a beautiful park, filled with amazing trails and gorgeous sceneries.
This is the spot I took my wife after I proposed 15 years ago.  We were young and having just proposed the food was not top priority.  
We decided to eat here on our 15 year anniversary- Looking forward to a great night of good food and great scenery.  we wanted to sit outside on the porch.  We got a sitter - had a nice walk from the top parking lot to the Inn.  We were seated and waited and waited for a drink order.  My wife was dressed nicely and I was as well.  We were seated among sweaty walkers and runners and babies.  Not usually a problem but just not what we were expecting.  The food was extremely expensive to be eating among the runners.
We ordered a drink, finally, and then looked over the menu - Honestly we almost left to go to our local Italian spot - we thought "good god" we are going to spend a fortune on dinner.
we decided to stay.  Food was good - not spectacular and the price was way too high.  
Great ambiance for a casual stop in but still not worth the price.
