Vegan Commissary is a very interesting spot, and all around business. I bet there are a few things you didn't know about them, and you may find yourself a bit taken a back when you arrive here deep in South Philly.... 

In recent years they moved form their original spot which was also in South Philly. To be completely honest, I wasn't such a fan of the small, earthy restaurant back then. Now, it's just a kitchen! There are no tables inside and a few will be placed outside in warmer weather. Many are shocked to find they you can't actually dine-in here! I wish Yelp would disconnect all of the photos from the restaurant now that it no longer exists. Very deceiving to new fans!

So what can be a beautiful, yet annoying thing about Vegan Commissary, depending on the type of person you are is you really never know what you're going to be able to get when you come here. Awesome for keeping this fresh and new, but it can be disappointing if you have your heart set on something. The lunch offerings including various soups and sammies change daily so you can either call before heading over or chance it and be surprised. They also offer fresh juices, sides and mixed salads for a quick grab and go. I personally however think breakfast is where it's at...

During a romantic kid-free weekend, hubs (who is absolutely a meat-eater) and I walked over for brunch on a sunny gorgeous morn. We each ordered $8 breakfast sammies, split a box of water, and enjoyed conversations with others from the neighborhood as well as a lengthy chat with the owner at one of those few bistro tables I spoke about. 

Hubs went for "The Brunch" -mushroom scrapple, tofu egg patty, house wiz, arugula on fresh baked focaccia

I opted for "The Carlisle" which was butternut squash, crispy kale, soy chorizo, granny smith apple, vegg yolk drizzle on a potato roll. 

Both were incredible, flavorful, messy, and super unique, but we agreed "The Brunch" was our favorite! I mean, scrapple made from mushrooms, vegan "egg yolk" drizzle, vegan egg patties? So inventive!! I admire this level of creativity very much!

FYI-the sammies are massive and can really be split. We didn't know at the time. My carnivorous mate was very satisfied with his meal here so if vegan isn't really your thing, just try it! I think you'll be pleasantly surprised!! 

Another thing you may not know about Vegan Commissary is that they supply many local restaurants with vegan goodies! We personally LOVE, LOVE, LOVE their buffalo "chicken" which is put into "cheesesteaks" and on top of pizza at Uncle Oogies who has two locations on opposites sides of South Philly! Here's a list of other restaurants in and around the city you'll find Vegan Commissary's food. You may already be eating some of their delicious treat and didn't know it!

GOOD KARMA SOCIETY HILL
GOOD KARMA SCHUYLKILL BANKS
GOOD KARMA FITLER SQUARE
SQUARE ONE COFFEE 
THE LAST DROP 
BLACK AND BREW
BENNA'S CAFE 
B2 
THE GOLD STANDARD CAFE
UNCLE OOGIE'S
MAMMOTH COFFEE
 DI BRUNO BROS. RITTENHOUSE
DI BRUNO BROS. COMCAST
DI BRUNO BROS. FRANKLIN
FOUNTAIN PORTER
P'UNK BURGER
CHAPTERHOUSE CAFE
THE WILD BURRITO 
FRANKIE'S ON FAIRVIEW
SLICE
THE GALLEY CAFE
NATURE'S HARVEST

 Their food is uber creative and extremely tasty!! The owner has been vegan for decades, way before it was trendy. I love supporting a small neighborhood joint who's mission is to provide quality, completely cruelty free delicious items. What's not to love really? Fan for life!
I'm so happy another vegan option opened in Philadelphia.  This place definitely has something for everyone though.  The space is small and comfortable, with really cute decorations.  I especially like the seedling paintings on the bathroom walls.  

The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive.  From the descriptions of the food that our waiter gave, you could really tell he loved eating the food himself, and his enthusiasm was very infectious.  The prices include tax and tip (and are all a bit weird, like $6.97) so tipping is not expected at this establishment. The owner is trying a new concept where the waitstaff gets a normal wage in place of being reliant on tips.  Very European.  The prices of the food are also very fair.

The miso soup is to die for.  I want to swim in it.  I want to eat it every day.  Delicious.  Apparently on certain days you can order it with a side of noodles. Perfect for a cold winter day.

I ordered the butternut squash knudi and the chimmichurri seitan as my entree.  Both were flavorful and satisfying.  I was also impressed with the market sandwich and veggie burger that the other people at my table ordered.  Dessert looked good, but we were all way too full to order it.  

This place is cash only, BYOB, and no reservations.  They also serve brunch on the weekends,  which I can't wait to try.  I will be back again for dinner and I think this may become one of my new favorite restaurants.
One trip so far but great results based on what I experienced. My wife and I ordered multiple courses to get a feel for it.

I started with the spicy miso soup. It might have been my favorite thing. It is so good. A little thick, spicy and full of great vegetables. 

We then had the butternut squash gnudi. They nail the texture and taste on this one. The tofu "cheese" is just right. 

The "pickles" is actually a small dish of pickled vegetables that have been shredded. They are very healthy. You can get that for $5 and feel good about yourself.

We split the polenta with roasted vegetables for our entree. I would suggest splitting it like we did. It is deep fried and heavy. Delicious for sure but I would not want to eat the whole thing. 

We had the creme brulee for dessert. It was good but not over-the-top awesome. The layer below the sugar was a little bland and could have used some more vanilla. I have a feeling they rock dessert judging by the pictures they put on social media so I am excited to try other offerings in the future.

The first visit has me wanting more. I am hoping the snow let's up so I can drive down there with ease. I will update this review as I get to know it better.
Let me preface this by saying that I am not vegan; I typically eat meat at every meal, and am frankly horrified by the mere thought of a cheeseless world. However, being that I appreciate any and all delicious foods, particularly brunch, I was enthusiastic to try out VC's brunch. 

First, this place is adorably teeny and comfy. Also, whoever is doing their graphic design is perfection because I'm in love with their signage. A few reviewers have commented on the slight issue of the visibility of the chalkboard menu. I didn't have an issue, as I was seated along the opposing wall, but regardless, VC has been really good about keeping an updated daily menu on their website for easy access by smartphone. Problem solved.

Service was nothing short of excellent. Our server was friendly, prompt, and checked on us frequently without being annoying, which is a huge pet peeve of mine. Also, we had ordered the cinnamon buns which, for whatever reason, weren't available at the time. Our server recommended the cinnamon toast (more on that later) and even brought us a side of breakfast potatoes on the house for the inconvenience!

So I guess I should probably comment on the food. Again, I am not vegan. But. This food was bomb. My boyfriend ordered the biscuits and gravy (which I didn't get the chance to try, but he loved!) and the quinoa porridge, and I ordered the brunch burger and cinnamon toast. The burger was definitely above average as far as veggie burgers go, but what really won me over was the vegan hollandaise and avocado. The burger also came with a nice kale salad on the side. 

Okay. So I cannot stress this next part enough: they have the best cinnamon toast I have ever eaten in my entire life. Nothing NOTHING compares. Sadly we didn't get to try the cinnamon buns, but based off the sheer ridiculousness of the toast, I will definitely be getting cinnamon buns next time (okay maybe toast too).

We also ordered dessert to go. Key lime pie and Meyer lemon cheesecake. ...I don't know how they do it but both were equally delicious. Texture and flavor were dead on.

Extra perks: tea served in a little teapot! Adorable. Also, no tips necessary! Tax and tip are included in the pricing which makes check time SO easy AND this means they pay all employees a working wage + benefits.

Overall, super good. Going back as soon as i get the chance. I will definitely write another review once I make it there for dinner!
This place is new so you might not find it on Google maps. Tip about parking: go on the other side of the block where the Catholic school is and you can park there for free (at least in the winter). 

What is unique about this place is that their prices are final (includes tax and tip) so don't be intimidated by the prices! Service was professional and on point. Downside with the menu that it doesn't have details about the items but most are pretty self explanatory. Its a small place but we went for weekend brunch in January so there wasn't a huge wait. I can imagine it will get quite busy and quite popular because its doing great so far. The food came out fast. I got the poached avocado with tempeh hash and my friend got the biscuits with gravy - delicious. Coffee was great. I want to go back and try their desserts. 5 stars.
We had a great experience here at brunch last weekend with our kids.  Although I was slightly dismayed when I read the "cash only" note that was clearly displayed on front door, it worked out fine.  One plus is that the prices already include tax & tip, so it made things a little easier to budget with the limited cash in my pocket.

The atmosphere is laid-back with a clean asthetic.  The menu is on both the chalkboard & printed out.  We did have to ask for more explanations on some items, but the servers were really friendly & accommodating.  We ordered the savory & regular pancakes, a poached pear salad & a fruit salad.  Add on a refillable cup of ReAnimator coffee & we got out of there for 42 bucks and change.  Not bad at all.  And the food was delicious.  Our kids loved the vegan pancakes, but we thought the savory pancake was the real star!

They are also BYOB, so dinner would be a good option for a nice vegan date night without having to totally splurge.  The dinner menu looked appealing, so I hope we can make it back here soon.
I don't even know where to begin. Working with Vegan Commissary was honestly infuriating and such a disappointment. 

My husband and I were so excited to support a local vegan business for our wedding and had previously had Vegan Commissary's food and knew it was really good. When we first started working with VC at the end of October '18, we didn't notice any red flags. Steve, the owner, was responsive to our emails/calls and shortly after first contacting him, he toured our venue with us and we scheduled a tasting. Everything was going smoothly at this point. Being that this was our first time planning an event like a wedding or hiring a caterer, we followed the lead of the professionals. Our mistake. 

We brought the deposit to our tasting, as asked, and were told we'd have our quote/contract shortly. This was in January of this 2019. For five months, we regularly checked in asking to get a quote and each time we were met with excuses and promises that we'd get it soon. It wasn't until the very end of May (less than three months before our wedding) that we got it and VC was asking $20K for 100 people!! This was without any rental/alcohol costs (we would've had to spend $1K on an outdoor kitchen and provide all alcohol per PA law, just to illustrate this wasn't an all-inclusive price.) I don't know if we're crazy but based off of Philly averages as well as national averages for plated catering, we were expecting max $10-12K. Even this we considered to be a lot. If at any point in the process we were given a ballpark estimate near $20K, we would've found someone else a lot earlier but there was never any suggestion that they'd try to charge us 2/3 of our wedding budget just for food. 

We obviously put ourselves in a situation where it was easy to be taken advantage of and should have required a quote and contract up front, but we figured "this is just how it works in the catering business." I did not appreciate being put in this situation so close to the wedding and after 5+ months of emailing 1-2x a month asking for a quote. VC tried to work with us and bring the costs down to $16K for a buffet style dinner but even that was exorbitant and too little too late. 

Well, we're out a grand for the deposit and learned our lesson but we just had our wedding back in August, spent $15K less than what Steve was charging, and had a delicious vegan buffet that all our guests loved made by the awesome Vegan Chef Lenka!
A lot of this is going to sound mean.  Just know it is said with good intentions, and that VC is not a bad place at all.  Let's just offer some context here.

Had this been the first vegan place I'd ever been to I would likely have given this 4, maybe 5 stars because the food IS decent.  But it isn't my first experience.  I've been to Vedge, HipCityVeg, Blackbird, and even had a ridiculously good Korean seitan taco from the soon to open V Street by the Vedge crew at Rittenhouse Row last weekend.  What they taught me is how ridiculously good vegan food could be, so much so I crave certain dishes from these places regardless of it's effect on the living creatures of the world (well except plants, because f*ck their feelings).  But that's the standard in Philly these days, and Vegan Commissary just does not reach that level.

To me, this was what I thought vegan food would taste like before I'd been to the places mentioned above.  Fine enough, slightly higher priced, vaguely recognizable flavors with textures a bit off (graininess of the cheesecake comes to mind) served up by a friendly if not pale-ish host leaving me feeling like I did OK by my body for the night.   Thankfully I know something much better exists now.
Vegan Commissary was middle of the road to me.  Food was decent, but the service was disappointing.  Please allow me to elaborate:

I had the tempeh hash with poached avocado, which was a very fun play on eggs benedict.  There seem to be complaints on Yelp regarding the seasoning of the food.  I didn't think the dish was over or under salted and I liked the creaminess of the hollandaise sauce.  All in all, not a bad dish.  We also tried the mini cinnamon rolls, which were a nice little treat to go with our brunch.  

If this was just a food review, then I would definitely rate this spot a 4 or 5.  The service brought it down for me, though.  Upon entering the restaurant, we had a 20 minute wait, even though there was one guy sitting at a four-top.  This didn't seem like the most efficient use of their table space, so I was a little confused about that.  And while the waitresses were very nice, things were slow coming out of the kitchen.  They encouraged us to try the cinnamon rolls mentioned above as a starter, but it came out with the rest of our meal, so it wasn't really a starter at all.  Had it had come out in the beginning, the wait for our meal probably wouldn't have felt so long.  Also, there were three of us and only two bite-sized buns.  I wish the server had given us a better idea regarding size because it didn't seem like we were able to split the dish properly.  I had to ask for water quite a few times, too, and the blackboard menu was a bit hard to read. 

I don't mean to sound snobby and I realize I'm kind of splitting hairs here, but this is not a five star establishment - yet.  I think it has the potential to get there, but it's only been open for about 2 months.  I want to come back and support a business like this because I do think the owner and staff genuinely care about serving their customers good food; there are kinks to be worked out, though, and I hope they can figure it all out soon!
Why haven't I discovered this place sooner?! As soon as I walked in the door, I was greeted by Steve, a very friendly guy who introduced me to the menu and engaged me in great conversation.

I selected the meatless meatball sub for lunch. While waiting, Steve told me about his prior work in Willow Grove. I said it was a small world because I was very familiar with Nature's Harvest and Rich Landau/Horizon Cafe. 

I decided to pick up a peanut butter cookie, which didn't make it home, and a veggie stromboli for dinner. Everything was DELICIOUS. The sub was fresh, toasted perfectly, leaving many crumbs on my shirt :)

This evening, I needed to reheat the stromboli; 5 minutes at 400 was enough to soften the middle and reanimate the ingredients. I paired it with a 2015 Sicilian red wine and a bit of Raos sauce for dipping. Mmmmhmm. 

Since the menu changes frequently, including locally sourced ingredients, I'm anxious to make another trip to south Philly and bring some friends or family.
Such a unique and special place - cash only and tax and tip is built into the menu price.  How refreshing!  Wondering if it's because like every vegan I know is a penny pinching cheapskate (did I say that out loud?) 

Either way - I've been a huge fan of chef Steve's offerings at places like sook hee's for a while and I had been looking forward to going ever since it opened.  This place met all my expectations. 

Bright and comfortable atmosphere, extremely friendly staff, and delicious offerings make it truly 5 stars. 

First up were the cinnamon rolls which were a special of the day. Flakey and sweet and served with butter - these were such a treat!  I got a reanimater coffee which was served as one cup or bottomless. Then I had a  kale salad which was crisp and refreshing with almonds and tofu.  It was very filling.  My friend had the biscuits and gravy special which was, again, a huge hit. The gravy was mushroom based and the whole entree was very opulent and served with homefries.  The biscuits were topped with these interesting onion rings that were crispy and savory.  The biscuits were stuffed with spinach so at least you had the appearance of an actual vegetable! For dessert you MUST order the peanut butter cup.  It's an oversized chocolate and pb treat.  So rich with a crumbly chocolate crust and a gooey peanut butter filling.  

I can't wait to come back and try the other menu items - everything looks amazing and I have a feeling everything tastes that way as well.
Great new vegan spot in south Philly!  We went for Saturday brunch and thoroughly enjoyed it.  

We had pancakes, tofu bacon, and tempeh hash with poached avocado.  The tempeh hash and avocado was really original and yummy.  Pancakes were super fluffy and delicious.  

The servers and owner, who was there, were very friendly and accommodating.  One of the servers even brought out paper and pen for my 3 year old daughter to draw, when she saw that the kid was getting restless.  The place is cash only, and when the owner overheard me asking my husband if we had enough cash, he offered to let us come back to pay after eating if we didn't have enough cash to cover our meal.

I hope this place sticks around!  Will be heading back soon for dinner and desert.
This is a great new neighborhood spot. Good food, good service and fair prices...what's not to love?! The chick pea tangine is deliciously spiced. The miso soup is a must! We left full and with a handful of leftovers for lunch tomorrow. There are plenty of gluten free options too. Can't wait to try brunch here!
Going vegan is not my thing or my intention however if you are vegan you must try Vegan Commissary! Again me and the surplus app, I was able to get a very good we can meal at a discount. I would've never given this restaurant a second thought but now I'm reassessing how I view food.  I was quite pleased with the two hearty meals and cinnamon roll I received. 

Like everyone who left a review on Yelp the entrance can be confusing. Luckily I read up before going. As soon as you walk in boom a vestibule-kitchen but it's the waiting area to place your order or pick up your online request. With that said during Covid you may find yourself outside waiting because of the space. But it's clean and organized truly that's all you need!

I received a vegan 'meat/beef' platter (?) unless you're looking to complain, find fault or a cattle rancher you wouldn't really think twice, just eat. There was a 'bowl' of chili that was delicious, bursting with flavor and rich. Vegan or not the chili is a winner. OMG THE CINNAMON ROLL WAS DELECTABLE!

Again Vegan is not me but Vegan Commissary has a new customer. If only for the pastries or something different!
Went for brunch. We had pancakes, French toast, scrapple, the breakfast burger, and a side of potatoes. The burger itself was OK; not life changing but adequate. However, the Hollandaise on it was bland, and the accompanying kale salad left much to he desired. It was fresh, but the dressing tasted of salt and vinegar and not much else. The stuffed French toast was the best dish - the berry compote was not overly sweet, the vegan cream cheese like filling was good, and the pink peppercorns added a nice bite. The vegan scrapple was sagey and tasty. The pancakes were huge- you could feed a small army - but unfortunately not completely cooked. The potatoes were oversalted as well, which didn 't bother me as much since I had the sweet dish. 

The service was friendly if a bit slow - the "bottomless" coffee took a long time to come out. The cups are small and despite our obvious placement it was a while before we were offered a refill. I like that their employees are paid a living wage, but it also means they don't make much of an effort. 

For the price, there are other options for vegans. Go to Vedge during happy hour if you're pinching pennies,  Blackbird Pizzeria or Govinda's. Sabrina's and Royal Tavern have vegan options if you must have brunch.
During my first dinner at Vegan Commissary, I met the part owner of this new vegan hotspot, Steven. He's very passionate about providing a positive restaurant experience and he made sure we liked our meal and asked that we let him know if we had any issues at all. This East Passayunk restaurant has been open a little over a month. The atmosphere is a laid back and comfortable cafe; the food is decadent and on the fancy side.

I was here with my husband and we decided to go a little overboard because we wanted to sample so many different dishes. Our total bill was $55, then we added an additional tip. We weren't sure about tip being "built in" as other reviewers have stated, so we added one just in case. We ordered 2 soups, one side, one appetizer, one main dish and one dessert. The main entree was definitely large enough for the two of us to split. I think we could probably have skipped the side and the dessert and left happy, but we wanted to try so many things on the menu.

We each had soup to start our meal. I really enjoyed the tasty broth in the cannelini and kale soup. My husband's spicy miso soup is a specialty here, so do yourself a favor and try it out. Next up, we split an appetizer and a side: the butternut squash gnudi and the pickles. The gnudi was amazing; it's one of the closest things to actual ricotta cheese I've tasted since going vegan. I would describe the pickles as a healthy asian pickled slaw. For the main dish, we split the crispy polenta with root vegetables. That was a star dish for me. The polenta was crisp on the outside, creamy on the inside. The root vegetables were like candy, they were so addictive. Not sweet, just delicious. The creme brulee we split for dessert was good, but the creme wasn't the creamy consistency I remember from my pre-vegan days. I guess it's difficult to replicate that. 

The service was impeccable, and our waitress Nina was incredibly attentive and fun to chat with. Overall, great experience, and we'll be back. We also found out that discounted valet parking is planned for future months through the Passayunk association.
Not sure where to start describing this gem-- simply perfect! Recommend it 100%. I can say with certainty I finally found a safe place to eat in Philly gluten free and Vegan... No cross contamination did not get sick...  I had the poached avocado with the most awesome vegan hollandaise  sauce and my friend had the French toast... Super delicious... The service was great. Our waitress was personable and fast... 

We will go there any time.
I love the vegan commissary, despite me not coming here in their first months of opening because I didn't realize it was a restaurant (commissary to me means a grocery on base).

The food is fantastic, and the desserts ... my husband loves the peanut butter cup. It's BYOB, and they have a nice beverage list of tea and kombucha available.

I like that the menu changes constantly, and love that the prices include tax and service. I get panic attacks trying to split the bill sometimes (why doesn't Philly believe in separate checks? WHY), so it's a well-appreciated relief for me.

Faves: I usually lean towards getting whatever sandwich is available, as it usually comes with a side of one of their awesome salads. The pasta with nut-based cheese is awesome when they've got it, and peanut butter cup ... that's where it's at.
We have eaten at every single vegan restaurant in this city at least once (and mostly scores of times), and we are so happy to add this to our Veg*n Philly list!  The food is spectacular for vegans, vegetarians, and meat eaters too, making it a really nice place to take family and friends.  There are so many options that any type of eater will be happy.  Moreover, the wait staff will help you make good selections, and the chef will customize meals to your preferences.  For example my husband had the spicy miso soup, but I was told I could get it "minus the heat!"

I love my vegetables so I ordered the grilled veggies and polenta.  It was beautiful and it tasted so good. The presentation was over the top terrific, and the taste was also.  I finished every last bite and then I ate the most scrumptious dessert of all - the chocolate peanut butter pie. It was really delicious.

The beverage menu suits me too.  I selected a white tea, but there was green and black tea also.  There were other drinks, and it is a BYOB too for those of you who like an adult beverage with your meal. 

The owner has terrific skills and ideas about how to run a restaurant, and the staff is well-trained and knowledgable.  The restaurant is laid out so that you can have a quiet meal with two (like we did on New Year's eve) or a large group of friends eating together.  The restaurant has nice lighting, something I appreciate, and lovely framed art work on the walls. 

Sara's bottom line: Great food, Great menu, Great service, Good parking nearby.  Prices are moderate (they include tip in the price) and justified.  Not just for vegans, but if you are vegan or vegetarian or just care about your health, you are gonna love this one!
checked it out - it seems wonderful for what it is, but, as they'll tell you, Yelp hasn't let them update their listing. there's no seating; it's a vegan kitchen where you can grab prepared stuff from the fridge or place orders to go from the fridge. i'll definitely check this out when i have some to eat it, but right now i'm looking for a vegan sitdown brunch.

i'll give them four stars just because the guy who came out of the kitchen to explain was supernice. i'm sure i'll upgrade it to five once i taste their food.
Brunch Review:

I'll admit I was skeptical. There are few brunches I can remember loving that have not involved eggs or cheese or breakfast meats...ok, let's be serious, probably all three. Well, Vegan Commissary proved me wrong. I was pleasantly surprised at how much I loved my meal. Also BYOB!

My co-bruncher and I split the okonomiyaki (Japanese vegetable pancake which came with some pickled green beans and awesome spicy sauce) and the poached avocado with hash. Both were delicious, I'd highly recommend getting both. The poached avocado was their version of Eggs Benedict (my go to brunch order) smothered in fauxllandaise sauce and served over a flavorful, awesome hash. Also got a pot of green tea which was great for a cold day.

LOVE that tax and tip is included especially since it's cash only. Service was great! My only complaint about this place is the atmosphere... It seems a bit clinical, and not the cozy spot I'd like to stay a long time enjoying brunch in. The window seats probably make for great people watching though.

Highly recommend for meat lovers or haters, or people who have no strong feelings about meat...so yea everyone.
Brunch update!

I finally got to try out Vegan Commissary for brunch, after hearing that it was a must-eat vegan meal. I organized a group of around 10 of us to hit up VC on a Saturday last weekend at 11. As soon as we all arrived, the servers put a few tables together and we sat down. The service, overall was very good, over the course of the meal: attentive and fast.

My husband and I split the mini cinnamon roles which were sweet, soft and wonderful. Next, we split two dishes: the veggs Damien and the poached avocado. The veggs Damien was by far my favorite dish! I have been missing soft boiled eggs, and this dish captured them completely. The mushroom grits on the side were very bad. But the toast, "eggs", broccolini and home fries made up for that in spades. I was full after half of this dish!

I have two complaints and they are kind deal breakers. One, the coffee is very pricey, they charge if you want refills, the one cup I had was the size of an espresso cup, and the coffee itself was weaker than Wawa coffee. I did enjoy the coconut creamer, but otherwise, it was a total waste of money! 

And two, we got some serious attitude the morning of our event. I had received a message from VC asking that we "call ahead" to let them know exactly how many were coming. So, my husband called that morning a couple of hours before we got there, and was told that calling wasn't necessary and that they could not hold a table for us. Basically, he was given serious attitude for FOLLOWING VEGAN COMMISSARY'S DIRECTIONS and calling them. I don't think I'll be back after that attitude, honestly. But we had a UYE planned so we had to go that day.
Had a very disappointing trip here and have been twice just to make sure it wasn't an off night.

Had the tempeh hash brunch on my first trip with a "poached" avocado (it is just half an avocado on some really salty tempeh).

Went for dinner with some friends and tried a lot of stuff and all of it was very underseasoned and bland, with the exception of a butternut squash dish which was REALLY salty. For dessert we had the peanut butter pie which had a thick layer of chocolatey topping and a flavorless, not sweet crust (almost nutty but didn't pair well with the scant amount of peanut butter filling). I tasted my friend's cheesecake which tasted like baked vegan cream cheese in a soggy graham cracker crust.

The server was great, I will say that, but they have to be because the chalkboard menu is hard to read depending on your seat and none of the menu items are explained. One of my friends ordered a dish and the thing that came out was not at all what she expected. They also include tip in with the cost of food so you don't get to tip your waiter according to how they perform (ours deserved his tip, but who knows if the food actually costs $15 and he only got to pocket $1).

Overall, the experience was pretty bad both times and all my friends have agreed, ESPECIALLY for the price. There are just simply better options out there for a much better price point than the Vegan Commissary, the menu also isn't cohesive so I'm not sure what they are going for (japanese dishes and fine dining mixed with burgers?).

The competition for great vegan food in Philly is heating up and this place just falls very short.
I needed catering for a patio-warming party. All of my friends are omnivores, but I try to expose them to fully plant-based foods as often as possible. 

Steve - who is an absolute pleasure to work with - addressed all my questions, got a feel for my budget, and gave me a VERY extensive menu from which to choose. There were so many options, I really had a hard time deciding. 

The food was a hit. Everyone loved it and asked for the recipes - a small win for cruelty-free eating IMO. So much value and food at my price point.

Thank you to Steve and the Vegan Commissary team. You did an excellent job - I can't wait to dine with you again!
This is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to eat in Philadelphia.  As someone who has only been vegan for just over a year, I typically go out for vegan junk food to satisfy my craving for things like pizza and meaty sandwiches.  This place, aside from its veggie burger, offers nothing like that and it is quickly returning me back to the adventurous mindset I used to have when my dining options were endless.  One of the most intriguing things about Vegan Commissary is that they aren't making the same ol' bland dishes you've had ruined by other vegan restaurants ie the rarely decent tofu Benedict. These guys serve a similar dish of poached avocado over tempeh hash that has a miraculously authentic-tasting hollandaise that has a remarkably fatty mouthfeel. This is a great feat and I commend them for not just have blended silken tofu, lemon juice and spices. 

Then there are the desserts I keep hearing about. I STILL haven't had one of the because they are always selling out due to popular demand. I can't wait to try one of their peanut butter cup pies.

Love the casual atmosphere, great food, extensive non-alcoholic drink menu, friendly staff and owner and the interesting way they do business.
This place is fantastic!  I wandered down there yesterday after reading some rave reviews online and was not disappointed.   It is to be noted that it is take-out only and not really a restaurant but more of a caterers kitchen where you can order things to eat.  I thought I was walking in the wrong door when I got there, but do not let this dissuade you.  The woman working here assured me I was in the right place and kindly walked me through all of the grab and go options in the fridge.  She was really lovely and even explained what days they stock up and do their baking on so I could time my next visit accordingly.  

I got the brunch sandwich and a container of the tofu salad.  The sandwich was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had vegan or not (it is to be noted that i am not vegan).  It come with mushroom scrapple, a vegan egg patty, cheese wiz and arugula on homemade focaccia and it is HUGE.  For 8$ I definitely felt like I was getting my money's worth.  The scrapple was delicious, really savory with crisp edges and a soft middle.  The egg patty was a great texture that I would honestly prefer to real scrambled eggs.  The focaccia was thick and delicious.  Finally the cheese sauce was TO DIE FOR - I would drink the stuff plain.  All of the components were delicious on their own and meshed well together.  The tofu salad was also very yummy and I would get it again.

All in all it was really cool to eat at a place where all of the components were clearly made from scratch with a lot of care and creativity.  I cannot stop thinking about the sandwich and I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu!
This place is amazing! My friend and I visited for brunch on Saturday and ordered:
Tempeh Hash with Poached Avocado
Breakfast Wrap
Sparkling Apple Cider
Sparkling Chai
White Tea
On the side we had cinnamon buns with the most delicious icing.
 For dessert was:
Vegan Creme Brulee
Peanut Butter Cup Pie 
All the food was delicious and fresh. I highly recommend this place to add to a vegan Philly "must eat" list and would still recommended this restaurant to anyone who loves food. The service was quick and attentive and there was a small, homey, laid back feel about the entire place. Also, I have never traveled into that area of the city, and cannot wait to go back!! The only take cash, however, so be prepared.
I always like trying new places so I was very excited to go here for my birthday. My mom is a strict vegetarian so I knew she would be comfortable ordering anything on the menu. The service was very good, all the waiters seemed friendly and the owner came out to speak with us as well. Now onto the food!

By far, the star for me was the chimichurri seitan. Everybody loved it. Apparently we ordered the last of it though so when we tried to get seconds we failed!  The butternut squash gnudi which we got as an appetizer was also delicious. I tried a bit of the ziti and the veggie burger and I got the Italian market sandwich. All were very good. 

I didn't expect much for dessert but we ordered one of everything. The eggnog cheesecake was *fantastic*. I'm a huge cheesecake guy and wondered how they could make one with no dairy. Well, they really know how because that thing was spot on. The chocolate peanut butter cup pie was also surprisingly good, tasted just like Reese's!  The only reason I left one star off was because the place is cash only. With a slew of mobile payment technology and point of sale systems, there's really no excuse to be cash only anymore. 

PS I'm not vegetarian or vegan and neither were 3 other people in my party, but we all enjoyed the food.
Love Vegan Commissary!

I moved from Philadelphia three years ago, but I stop in every time home for a sandwich and as many take-home items as I can carry.

Vegan or omnivore, you'll enjoy the creative, satisfying, and unpretentious grub here. I enjoy that the options are constantly changing and i never know what i'll find. Thanks, Steve!

Awesome to see their product in the local 711 as well. 

While you're in the neighborhood, also try HomeGrown Coffee around the corner to meet some more fantastic folks.
Here's the challenge when a non-vegan reviews a vegan restaurant - is it good or is it good for a vegan joint?  this place is flat out good although I might need another trip or two to fully explore the menu.

We went for brunch and so this review is as to that.  can't speak to any other time of day. I like that it opened at 10 instead of 11 as many other places do.  We tend to eat brunch more at a breakfast time than a brunch time.  We arrived and the place was empty except for one table.  Oddly the server tried to sit us directly behind the door such that every time someone came in I would be hit in the back.  Regardless, moved without much fuss.  

The menu is up on a giant chalkboard and that's nice and easy to read.  You also get the paper at your table.  Started with coffee - two choices: green street or reanimator.  Both excellent and well brewed.  I'm not a big fan of milk alternatives but they had almond milk available.

Started with the cinnamon rolls which were freshly baked and delicious.  Just wish they were a little larger, kindof puny.   We had the biscuit special and pancakes with apples.  In retrospect I wish I had ordered the hash with avocado.  Just something to look forward to.  the food was tasty and filling.  Most importantly it didn't taste like vegan replacement food it was just good eating.

I like that tip is factored into the price.  I hope they are getting a decent wage.  Remember its cash only - we were about $40.00.
Ever have poached avocado?  Well you sure should, real fast.  It's absolutely delicious.  

I went here for brunch and was very impressed.  They have a very nice brunch menu which is available on the weekends.  The waitress was very sweet and passionate about the place, which always helps.  I am a vegetarian, so cheese/eggs are usually part of my brunch routine.  Trust me, you won't miss them here!

During the week they only serve dinner, but the menu for dinner looked really good and I'm very excited to go back.  They make it very apparent that this is a vegan only spot, which could turn off some people.  However, I think PLENTY of non-vegans will really enjoy this place.  I'm so lucky that this place opened so close to me!

Don't forget to try their fresh squeeze juices that the waitress informed us are made fresh right up the street.  

The prices are a little bit higher than people may be used to, so they write that tips are not expected at all.  I went on their website and they make the prices as they are so they may pay employees a good living wage.   Don't get me wrong its not "expensive" they probably ad about $2-3 dollars to each option.  I must say I'm not at all comfortable with not tipping, so either way I'm going to tip.  

It's so enjoyable to leave brunch feeling LIGHT and recharged, instead of feeling like you need to take a 3 hour nap. I will be back often
I have been going here for years. I always enjoy seeing Steve that provides delicious, consistent and cost effective food. His vegan cheesesteak sandwiches are "The Best"!
We thought it was an ok experience.  Everything looks great, but there was a general blandness to the entire meal.  

I did like the pot pie, but my guests found their meals to lack flavor.   Get the meyer lemon cheesecake.
The food at VC is so nourishing and delicious, and Steve the owner goes above and beyond for his customers! And the portion sizes are so big!! I love getting takeout from the grab and go and it lasts for days. I try not to eat out too much, but this is one place I could eat for a whole week and not feel weighed down. Thank you Steve and the rest of the team!
HOLY MOLY, that was good!!! Grabbed lunch here after the first spot I went to was closed. Don't be fooled when u walk in, it looks like you're in the kitchen. Most of the business is Whole sale/catering. But GET a sandwich to go! 

I got 'the brunch' sandwich and the broccoli salad and it was one of the best meals I've had in months. Enough leftovers for a second meal too. Highly recommended (and I am not vegan).

Plus the owner is amazingly nice! Feels good to support kind business people!
Oh. My. God. The cinnamon rolls. SO good. I honestly can't stop thinking about them. I was really looking forward to my first trip to Vegan Commissary, and it did not disappoint. I had the breakfast wrap which came with a side of potatoes. Everything on my plate was delicious. I can't wait to go back and try more food. But seriously, THOSE CINNAMON ROLLS! Drool.
Went here last week and shared the watermelon salad, the fried Mac n cheese, and the BBQ seitan. All were delish, but the standout winner was definitely that BBQ seitan dish--from the potato salad to the collard greens to the corn on the cob and biscuits, each side was super flavorful and worked amazingly together. The Mac n cheese I would save for winter (not the best thing on a hot July day) and the watermelon salad was delightful and refreshing, although the proportions may have been a little off--(we wished for more greens--lots of super sweet charred melon!) but if that's my biggest complaint -- hats off to the vegan commissary!
Vegan Commissary is a nice new addition to the vegan landscape in Philly, though I think they can tighten up their food offerings a bit.  I would give it a 3.5 after a first visit.  The food is homey, but not totally unlike something you might whip up in your own kitchen.  The dessert was the real standout -- a gingerbread cheesecake that was smooth and spicy and rich.  So good.  The service is fantastic -- our server was so friendly and knowledgeable.  The owner made several appearances throughout the night, taking time to talk to each table.  Super nice guy.  The prices are reasonable, especially considering tax and tip are included in the price of each dish.  An interesting concept.

The ambiance is relaxed, but not a spot for special occasions or romantic dinners.  The decor is spare and almost cafeteria-like, with only one window in the relatively small space.  This wouldn't necessarily have been an issue, except the open kitchen left the dining room thick and smoky.  Still, a good spot for a no-frills vegan meal, and the reviews definitely have me interested in a return visit during weekend brunch. 

Note:  VC is BYO and cash only.
vegan brunchers come here and bring your omnivore friends! when we first walked into this restaurant our first thought what a hole in the wall. It has unique art work on the one wall and on the other a chalkboard with their menu. Service was cool and good. I tried to order the most unique item that I can't make myself or order at another restaurant. Got the avocado tempeh hash. Very good! the sauce tastes exactly how I remembered hollandaise sauce tasted like. My fiancé ordered the French toast. I tried some of this and it was def very good but way too filling! A couple bites I was good. And don't forget to try their famous peanut butter chocolate cup. It's the most popular desert they have there. And like in all the other reviews all their prices include the tip and cash only!
Absolutely delicious vegan food. Catch their vegan brunch! Truly unique dishes that taste great. One of the best vegan brunch places I've been too
 
They have Vegan Okonomiyaki (Japanese savory pancake with cabbage, tofu, onions etc) which is hard to find vegan. It was full of flavor and the texture was great. Fluffy on top with a thin crispy layer on the bottom. Drizzled with sriracha vegenaise sauce!

I also tried their Poached Avocado with Tempeh Hash smothered with Vegan hollandaise sauce. the tempeh hash is genius and went perfectly with the creamy hollandaise sauce. 

For a sweet kick I had mini cinnabuns with icing. Really sweet but a nice ending to a delicious brunch. I love that they are mini sized because to be honest, giant cinnamon rolls are pretty intimidating to tackle ! :p 

Nice casual atmosphere with great service.  Prices are $10-$15 for an entree which includes tax and tip. Prices listed already include tax and tip which explains the "odd" prices listed. 

All in all, a great experience.  If you're vegan or not, check it out! I'll be back for brunch next time I'm in philly! Also I heard their menu changes often so it won't get old :D
So, my boyfriend has decided to start the new year off by avoiding animal products as much as possible.  My first reaction as a foodie was 'ugh' (sorry, had to be honest), but I'm now realizing that this has opened up a whole new world of food to both of us - and I am reeeeally enjoying the challenge.  Last weekend, I was debating between Vegan Commissary and Mi Lah for brunch.  I must thank my fellow Yelpers once again - based upon your reviews, we went with Vegan Commissary.  The space is small and simple, but we didn't have to wait for a table (yay!).  Our server was absolutely amazing - sweet, fun, attentive - we couldn't have asked for more.  First, I was heartbroken that they were sold out of the poached avocado with tempeh hash - I was really looking forward to it.  I went with the biscuits and gravy instead - two yummy biscuits smothered in a mushroom gravy and topped with some fried onions.  The gravy was thick, rich and had a delicious earthiness from the mushrooms.  The biscuits were dense, which was fine for soaking up that gravy - and a little salty.  The dish also came with a side of breakfast potatoes.  I mention these separately for a reason - I consider myself a connoisseur of breakfast potatoes.  I ALWAYS order savory breakfast, so I tend to judge places on their potatoes.  I firmly believe that each side of the potato should be crisp with a tender center.  These are breakfast potatoes people, not roasted dinner potatoes.  This may sound silly, but it really makes a difference to me.  Vegan Commissary NAILED the potatoes - they're sliced thin (interesting choice) which allows for the crispy exterior that I crave.  We also ordered the cinnamon buns which were sweet, flaky and gooey and were the perfect ending with my coffee.  Also thanks to my fellow Yelpers, we snagged a peanut butter cup pie to go.  I have absolutely no words to describe how delicious and sinful this tasted.  My boyfriend and I might have joked about making it our wedding cake.  Oh yeah, my boyfriend!  He ordered pancakes with fruit (cinnamon apples) and I have zero explanation for how VC made such 'buttery', melt in your mouth pancakes.  My boyfriend asked, and the waitress said even she didn't know the secret.  Thank you VC, keep up the great work, and we will be back!
Went for brunch and their food is amazing. I got the cheesesteak and it was great. The side salad was awesome too. My friend (who is a meat eater) got the biscuits and gravy which was amazing as well. I can't wait till dinner starts there. I will definitely be back.
This place is a must-try if you are a vegan, vegetarian, or even an omnivore with an appreciation for good food.

The menu is creative, fun, and well executed. The Chickpea Tagine was my favorite entree of the evening, although the Polenta was excellent too. Their home made dressings and pestos were divine!

The kitchen is one of very few 100% vegan kitchens in Philadelphia.
Service & food both fantastic. I will never forget the beet-tarragon lemonade the owner brought out for my group to sample while we waited for food. Not just the fact that free samples rule, but also that it was one of the best drinks I have ever had in my life. 

Menu is always creative & intriguing, changing often to celebrate seasonal produce. Another place that proves how much more exciting vegan food can be than basic "American" fare.
I FINALLY made it to Vegan Commissary this weekend for brunch, & I'm so glad I did. Tina was our server, she was awesome. I had the biscuits & gravy. They started out amazing, but by the time I got to the second biscuit, they were less amazing. Maybe because I was getting full. I LOVED the potatoes that came with the biscuits & gravy...I want to eat them all day.

My friend & I also shared the tempeh hash (tasty, but could have been more flavorful & also we didn't really need to order that too) & the mini cinnabuns. THE MINI CINNABUNS! They were my favorite part. I'd go back just for them. Amazing!

I definitely recommend, it's a little far away from my Center City stomping grounds, but worth the subway ride (hahaha, it's 2 stops!).
From the appearance of their menu and website, the place was much more modest and hipster than I imagined. The dining area was very small and traditional looking with wooden chairs. The area was very open and calm. The menu was written up on their wall of a chalkboard as well as printed on paper. The people were very friendly and down to earth as well. 

I had the Mac and Cheese Ball and the potato salad. They were both very yummy!
There is nothing healthy about the mac and cheese ball, but it's good vegan comfort food if you're looking for it. I haven't had Mac n cheese since who knows when (let alone fried) so it was certainly a lovely treat! The potato salad tasted just like the real thing, and I love how the potatoes were cut in huge chunks. 

I'd love to have it again, but they said they change their menu every Wed. There are always positives and negatives to that. The positives are that you always get to try something new, but the negatives are that if you want to have it again, you have to wait a long time.

Still the place is great and keeps you comin!
We were very excited to try a new vegan brunch spot. The menu looked fantastic. The food and service was just okay. For your vegan dollar, there are a lot better choices. If you're not vegan, there is absolutely no reason to go to this place.

We had the pancakes, the brunch burger, the french toast, sides of potatoes and scrapple, and coffee.  The pancakes were enormous in both width and depth, but the center of one of them was raw uncooked batter - they hadn't been on the grill long enough. If they had cooked them properly, it would have been the one high point of the meal. The brunch burger comes with a generous topping of ripe avocado, but aside from the creaminess of that and the hollandaise, the sandwich lacked flavor. The kale side salad had a tart but underspiced dressing. The french toast was good, but expensive for the portion size. One of us thought the potatoes were oversalted and the others thought they were okay. The scrapple was just okay. That's pretty much the bottom line: It was just okay.

The service was friendly but not too skilled or crisp. The menu board has no description of any of the items. We drained our coffee cups and put them to the side of the table for refills, and it took a long time even though the place had just opened and wasn't even half filled. 

Total was $51 for 3 people. Tipping is "not expected or required", so we didn't. Cash only.
Here's they thing: the food was tasty. My daughter scarfed down the hummus pierogies with salad & tzaziki dressing in under five minutes. My fried green tomato club hit all the right notes with smoky tempeh, plenty of avocado & Goddess dressing. The husband said his vegan cheesesteak was the best vegan cheesesteak he's ever had - the jalepenio jam put it over the edge.

But there's something a little off about Vegan Commissary. I get the whole no frills, clean lines motif, but there's a difference between minimalism and despair. From the harsh lighting, to the absence of any attempt at interior design, to the lack of any separation between the entryway and the seating area, there's almost nothing to draw you in and make you feel comfortable. 

The food is good enough to get people in the door but I worry that without a warmer & more inviting experience they won't be drawn to come back again.
I am from New York. I was seeking good vegan food while in Philly. I ate some great pizza at Blackbeards and even had Thai. I was happy to find this place with my favorite breakfast indulgence.....pancakes. I went with someone. We both ordered pancakes. The waitress warned us that one order could feed two people. I laughed, and told her,  "Oh I can eat the whole thing". She looked at me and said you will see. 
Damn things were so light, fluffy and moist that I wanted more. I also ordered mushroom scrapple which taste reminded me up of thanksgiving stuffing.Topped off with coconut lime green tea (unsweetened)

Wait, did I read this is now closed? What happened? It was a great find!!!!
First time visiting this morning.  The staff were super friendly and fun--great conversation:)  I got the brunch sandwich and....wow!  It was made with love.  Can't wait to get it again.  And I got some sweet treats and they were amazing, as well.
Amazing! Probably one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. I may have to order a week of meals at some point in the future.
Delicious food!  The breakfast sandwich with potatoes is amazing.  If you ever see the special chocolate banana French toast get it or you will regret it the rest if your life!  My only complaint is that they never have cinnamon rolls on weekends and run out of stuff.  There's obviously a demand vc!! Get some more damn cinnamon rolls!  I want to enjoy more of your deliciousness! No tipping is required bc they actually pay their workers right! More businesses need to follow this model.
I stopped here yesterday for a gluten-free bagel-- best I've ever had! Came back today to try something new and the tempeh hash is spectacular. Baconey flavor and great texture. Bottomless coffee and a great bitter greens salad are icing on the cake. Cash only but tax and tip are included in all the prices so there are no surprises. Maybe they'll expand to offer outdoor seating in warmer weather! Fingers crossed and I'll definitely be back.
My girlfriend and I have both come to the conclusion that Vegan Commissary is honestly the best, AND affordable vegan cuisine in the city. We are constantly on the hunt for plant based food in the city and we've tried almost every option imaginable. These guys truly stand out. SOO delicious and creative. Also happen to be some of the nicest people we've come across. Their new layout is designed to where you walk into a front room with already prepared food in a refrigerator. They have fresh made to order sandwhiches to choose from as well. I believe their "main hustle" is catering but their fresh made sandwiches are our go to options. Everything we've tried is awesome. Fresh squeezed juices, muffins, cookies, kombucha...I'm telling you it's the best. Give them a try you will not be disappointed.
They didn't close; they moved to Wolf St. Excellent food & service. Special brunch one Sunday a month.
How exciting to finally have another vegan breakfast option in Philly. Probably more appropriate to get to with a car or as a reward after a run through South Philly. Satisfies the sweet and savory vegan brunch desires:  the vegan pancakes were probably the fluffiest and most flavorful I've had, the okonomiyaki was unique and perfectly done (a savory pancake with pickled scallions, green beans?, edamami, and topped with shredded radishes), fruit salad with pomegranate, pear, fresh mango, YUM! They even have a selection of refreshing Kambucha drinks. 

I hope to go back there next time I'm in town and try the lunch and dinner menus.
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it when i don't have to search the entire menu for vegetarian options!  We came as they opened on a Saturday morning and were the first diners.  People quickly trickled in within a half hour.  It was quite obvious they have a faithful following.  I knew they were cash only so i came prepared, or so i though.  My two complaints (hence i deducted a star) about this place is they couldn't break a $100 bill and my coffee wasn't refilled even though our waitress stated she would be right back to top me off.  I had to walk down the bodega for the atm, pay the atm fee and my non-bank fee.  I would think a cash only place would be prepared to handle this kind of a situation even if they were just opening for the day.  

Anyway the coffee was great.  I had the japanese pancake called okonomoy­aki.  It was made of taro root flower with veggies and oko sauce accompanied with pickled veggies.  This was more of a lunch entree rather than breakfast.  Nevertheless, the oko was delicious.  I loved the sauce.  They also give your crushed cashews mixed with something i can't recall to add a nice crunch to your bite.  The guy ordered the veggs damian which consisted of tofu with vegg yolk, broccolini, scrapple, potatoes, toast, and dipping sauce.  Even as a carnivore he enjoyed his meal.  I had a few bites and loved it.  The vegg yolk with the toast tasted quite close to the real thing.  I'd definitely recommend this place especially for the carnivores out there to try.  I can't wait to come back for another taste.  I guess i'll come prepared with smaller bills!
Hush puppies, Mac n' cheese with meatballs, and beet juice lemonade oh my! A and I dined there this evening and it did not disappoint. Super cute atmosphere, utterly delish food, and the surprise bonus of cookies to take home with us makes this place a sure to come back to very very soon destination. Oh and might I add that that the Brussels sprouts were so good that I wanted to drink the rest of the sauce that was left (for the record, I did not). And the beet juice lemonade was absolutely unbelievable. And I hate beets. So there. Go here. Bring your friends (veg or not). Everyone is sure to enjoy something.
I loved this little place! I'm not a vegan or vegetarian, but I like healthy food. It's BYO. The prices are very reasonable (tax and tip included- you can tip extra of course) and the food was wonderful. I really liked the linguine bolognese, the raw apple pie, and the peanut butter cup. Do not pass on the fresh pressed juices (gold and pink were amazing). I'm  looking forward to trying brunch.
This place is awesome. Me and a group of friends went about a month ago with high expectations, and they were all surpassed. I ended up splitting the hush puppies with my friend as an appetizer, and while there wasn't too many, they were absolutely phenomenal and full of flavor. For the entre, I got the burger with but cheese. It was one of the freshest tasting veggie burgers I have ever had, and actually felt like a had a healthy and hearty meal. There's also a lot of great raw drinks and kombucha, which is a huge plus. Service was great, and the fact that tip is included is a nice change. Definitely worth going to.
First off, they are now at 1429 Wolf St in a prime South Philly neighborhood with easy parking.  

Now to the meal I just had there for today's brunch:

I arrived 20 minutes early and was greeted by both Steve and Dave, the two hosts for what was a "chef's table" four-course brunch, including paired cocktails throughout.  These guys are amazing dudes and really know their craft.  Loving, warm, and attentive.  I got to sit in the kitchen and actually watch the chef and sous chef prepare the meal.  Real fun. 

I am not too well-versed on culinary language, so let me just say that the food was incredible.  See the pics of both the menu and a few dishes for specifics. My favs were the hash and the dessert.  But everything was absolutely on point. I am definitely coming back and making this my weekly spot.  Perfect 10.
Finally made it out to vegan commissary for breakfast. My dining partner and I both ordered the breakfast biscuit sandwich, hers with scrapple, mine with tofu bacon. The biscuit was delicious, fluffy, moist, and flavorful. Ditto the bacon. The only shortcoming was the tofu "egg," which had a bit of an odd flavor, but a little Siracha solved the issue. I hope to replicate the vegan biscuit, it was as good as I remember a biscuit being. Our server was great, she knew the menu and suggested the bacon! The coffee was a little weak, but it's a minor gripe, overall I recommend spending a weekend morning here.
buyer beware: this place (like so many south philly places) only accepts cash.

the review: we want a vegan start-up to succeed as much as anyone, but this place (despite the rave reviews) has some work to do. the eggplant fries were insanely greasy. combine the grease with the soft texture of eggplant, and you've got a wretch-worthy appetizer. but the real disappointment was with the entree of mac & cheese and meatballs. it's just a plate of very bland noodles and sauce with two meatballs. that's right, two meatballs. for 18 bucks! maddening, really. no doubt, the meatballs were tasty, but serving only two is insulting for that exorbitant price tag. and yes, the entree comes with a side salad, but that's nowhere enough to compensate for the huge bill. 

for comparison's sake, you can go to vedge--easily one of the best veg restaurants in the country--and pay roughly the same price for an appetizer and entree. we'd love to see south philly keep another vegan joint for the long haul, but until this commissary adjusts its prices and improves its quality control, we'll keep going to vedge.
I LOVED this place! My server (I didn't get her name but she was a tall brunette with awesomely gauged ears) was very friendly, helpful, and answered all of our questions-which were numerous. 

The Fried mac and peas were amazing, and so was the French toast special with the 'nutella' sequel chocolate sauce and "bacon" ahh so good! Thanks for existing!
I read the reviews here and I was shocked at all the raves. Me and the boy went there for brunch. Water wasn't cold, no ice. Menu didn't have many descriptions of items, which you definitely need if you don't want to ask the waiter every five seconds--- and you will ask, because the menu has some interesting items on there. Food did not blow me away, but the combos and options are definitely unique. Great fresh squeezed orange juice. Service was great, but the place needs some refining. Interesting to have tips/taxes into the meals... but not sure if I like that.
Walked 40 minutes only to find they were on vacation. I called beforehand to make sure they were open and got voicemail with no message indicating they would be on vacation. Very disappointed to say the least. I am sure food is delicious but managerial skills need to improve.
I have been wanting to brunch here for a while now, and finally got the opportunity when some vegan friends were in town. We showed up on a rainy and terrible Sunday morning at 11am (prime brunching time). I was pleased that there wasn't a wait as long as we were willing to sit at the counter looking outside (which we were). The place is definitely smaller than I anticipated on the outside and though the decor is a bit lacking, it's definitely cozy. There were two things that kept this meal from being 5-stars, and the first one was the coffee. You had a choice of brews and my whole crew went with the Reanimator dark roast, which I have had many times before. For some reason though, it was terrible here. The coffee cups are about 5 ounces (literally, they are laughably small) and the coffee was just plain bad. I am not sure if it was old or brewed wrong, or what. The coconut creamer didn't even help. Next, they were out of the drool-worthy cinnamon rolls (which was a bummer, but I am not docking them on that).

All of the food was presented well and tasted amazing. My boyfriend and I split the cinnamon toast, which comes on HUGE pieces of fluffy texas toast with tons of Earth Balance and sugar. Then, we got the poached avocado hash and the breakfast wrap. The potatoes that came with the wrap were super good, and the hollandaise on the hash was the best vegan variety I have ever tasted. Everything was very filling and satisfying. My friends also got the hash and the breakfast sandwich, as well as a pancake. After tasting it all, I would definitely order the breakfast sandwich if I go again, and be warned that the pancakes are massive (and fluffy!). Service was great- there are no complaints here. It's pretty cool that the tax and tip is all wrapped up into the process from the start too! However, the last boo came when we got the bill. Though they are no longer cash-only, they charge you an extra $1 for every credit card that you use when paying your check, as a "service fee". I would rather have a cash only joint than some made-up fee tacked onto my bill (which is also not stated on the menu) and it left a definite bad taste in my mouth. I know its just a buck, but it's still a jerk move.
We had great service and great food here. A Philly place that rivals champs in BK. Would come here all the time if I lived here!
By far the best vegan food in Philly and easily some of the best I've had in my life. I got the burger of the day and every single component was so creative and perfectly executed. Couldn't recommend enough!
Good pancakes, worst ambiance in philly.  I think even the Republican is more comfortable than this place.
word on the street was that the brunch is the better option versus the dinner menu. so i went for brunch and got the pancakes. they were great and worth the price. for a side, i got the cinnamon rolls. they were small for their price and after a few bites, the sugary frosting was all that i could taste.

my main comment/complaint is the menu/marketing. the paper menu is awful, there are no descriptions of any of the items. i knew it was cash only going there, but there is no in your face sign anywhere that i saw telling you this. being vague seems to be a theme there.

the tax/tip included in the price seems to be a nice change and i'm sure way better for the staff. the prices for certain items just seem to be high for a tiny south philly spot. 

i will be going back, i just dream that vegan commissary would take a cue from my favorite vegan neighbourhood brunch spot, champs in brooklyn.
I love Philly for their music scene and vegan food, and every time we come for a show, we always make a plan to end our trip with some yummy vegan food. The only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is because of the wait. Since it is so small, we had to stand outside in the freezing cold as we waited to be seated for about an hour. Other than that, the food was awesome! I wish I tried more of their items, such as their Tempeh Hash and Fried Mac N Cheese Bites (they looked amazing), but everything I did try was very flavorful. The Poached Avo­cado with Tem­peh Hash was amazing, along with their Cheeses­teak. If it wasn't for the wait, I would give this place 5 stars. I will be back!
The Vegan Commissary is all sorts so intriguing. Tax and tip included in your overhead meal pricing? Crazy amazing vegan menu and specials? Sign me up.

I've been vegan for five years and this was the first time I had stumbled upon Veggs. If "vegan" weren't in the restaurant's name, I would have sworn my faux yolks were real. I went here for brunch with my friend and we were both blown away by the mushroom stock seitan stew. Our other stuff? Satisfying and feel-good food.

If teleportation was a thing, I'd say Boston's Veggie Galaxy still has this place beat for price, service, selection and atmosphere but if I'm in Philly? Oh hell yeah.
I truly enjoyed the vegan options at this establishment! Everything was well seasoned and highly enjoyable! The juice was very healthy, although I did not enjoy the flavor, it was fresh and full of turmeric. I had the BBQ "pulled pork" and collard greens sandwich. This was AWESOME! Full of flavor and the veggie meat was well seasoned! I would highly recommend this place to all vegans. There is no place to sit, so currently, you can only order to go. Enjoy!
I cannot say enough great things about this place. The food is out of this world and Steve and his staff go out of their way to make sure you're satisfied and well fed. 

The price point is great and the servings are large. I love that they challenge my non-exciting preferred taste palate with different flavor combinations that I'd never do myself but that end up being some of my favorite things. 

Additionally, Steve supports small up and coming businesses trying to break into the market by giving them the space to have a pop up in his space. Always paying it forward.
SERVICE: Excellent. The restaurant accommodated me and my 16-month olds so well -- they set up a great table with two high chairs and even offered some paper on which the kids could draw. The server was very knowledgeable about all the exotic offerings, the food came out quickly, and our water was refilled before we had to ask.

FOOD: EXCELLENT (purposeful caps). In no particular order, we loved the cinnamon toast which is made on freshly baked bread -- this was also a favorite of my daughters. The pancakes were fluffy and delicious - actually perfect. The okonomayaki (savory pancake) was flavorful and gave a nice balance to our otherwise sweet meal. The plainly-described "fruit" is actually a bowl of fresh and juicy mango, orange wedges, and pomegranates. The portions were generous; I look forward to enjoying the leftovers.

LOCATION: Not the most convenient location for us suburbanites, but it didn't take long to find free on-street parking on a Sunday morning.

ATMOSPHERE: small, clean, nice-casual, and quaint.

PROGNOSIS: I'll be counting down the days until I can come back.
I was in the neighborhood and stopped into Vegan Commissary for lunch. I have never been there before so I was slightly confused when I walked in because you are essentially walking into the kitchen but they have a small market and sell salads, soups, sandwiches etc. to go. 

I decided to go with the Seitan cheesesteak. It was huge and absolutely delicious! The best vegan cheesesteak I've tried. I'm definitely going to recommend this place to my veg friends! I had to wait a little while for my sandwich, so the owner offered me a free cookie which was so nice and really good! The other cookies available, and currently being decorated, looked perfect and tasty as well. The only thing was that I noticed a few people in the kitchen not wearing masks, however I'm not sure if it's a requirement if they are not interacting with customers.
Absolutely delicious food. Packed with flavor, just add some spice for an extra kick. Definitely will come back again soon..next on the list is the stuffed french toast
My roommate and I stopped by because of the Vanna Banana pop up shop and the menu looked so tempting that I didn't think I had a choice but to get something. And, I'm glad I did! 

I got the grilled chz brunch sandwich (I think it's what it was called) and it was SO good. The flavours were great on it, it was huge and super hearty! All in all a great sandwich. From the photos in the other reviews, it seems like their menu changes regularly. Either way, I'm definitely going back to try their other offerings!
