The trip to Vernick fish was planned months in advance as it took that long to get a great reservation that was at an usual dinner time vs. 10 or 11p offerings! 

This was a birthday celebration so I wanted to get dressed up and just enjoy all that Vernick Fish has to share with me! The decor is contemporary and fantastic!  The service was even better...that made the evening sparkle!

We decided to start with the warm shrimp cocktail and mussels dishes!  Both were outstanding!  The sauce on the warm shrimp cocktail was tangy with a lemon zest finish!  The mussels were in a Bolognese Sauce that wasn't over powering!  

Our entree's were the Grilled Branzino and Grouper!  Wow is all I have to say...seasoned well and the side of Blackened Cesar Broccoli topped off the meal!  

The cocktails were top notch and the red velvet cake was moist (most can't achieve that balance in red velvet)!

Overall, I can't say enough about the service from the wait staff--excellent!  I would come back and sit at the counter just to partake in sampling more of of menu items!
OVERVIEW:
On the bottom level of the new four seasons, but with enough of a great reputation of its own (from parent restaurant Vernick) comes a new modern seafood-based restaurant. The interior is clean, modern, and is more trendy and less intimate than the original Vernick. As a HUGE fan of Vernick, I had high expectations. I assume I came about a week or two after it first opened, so I wanted to keep that in mind and be fair when rating. We arrived at 5:30 on a Saturday without reservations, and luckily got one of the last remaining high tops. The bar completely filled up within 30 minutes, so I recommend grabbing reservations if you can. 

THE SERVICE:
First, the service. Everyone is very nice but as a new restaurant it seems like they were still getting the flow of things. Our server was super sweet, but she either checked up too many times on us or didn't return at all when we wanted to get the bill. Again, not a big deal as it seems like the staff was getting the small kinks sorted out. 

THE FOOD:
The menu offers a lot, but mainly seafood items which I really like. The menu is also aesthetically beautiful, it's this thick blue paper with the drink menu in a pocket on the back. I liked that they use shaved ice in the cocktails I saw, but didn't try any this time. So onto menu, there are separate sections for tartares, small dishes, large dishes, non seafood (pork/chicken/beef all offered) and veggies- plus more like raw fare etc- can't remember it all. We didn't want anything hot, but we did try several hot veggie items...here is my review:
1. Oysters - tried 2 each of the 3 east coast ones. They rotate I assume but our favorites started with an N. Sorry not useful lol, but all were fresh as one would expect. 
2. Scallop Tartare (from the tartare section) - served with lattice chips, great flavor and portion is decent (not too big) I would order again.
3. Mushrooms (from veggie section) really liked this dish! Great flavor and presentation.
4. Salt & Vinegar Potatoes - I am a big potato fan as long as there is flavor- these did it for me. 
5. Tuna & Foie Gras - small portion but delicious. Tuna was very fresh 
Dessert (all of which you can view in the glass refrigerator in the middle of the restaurant!):
6. Tres Leches cake - I've had this dish in many restaurants, here it is one of the best and you can pour the condensed milk to your liking. Stellar dessert.
7. Carrot Cake Pie - a dense carrot cake that has amazing flavor with a thinner layer of icing. As an icing lover, I still loved this dessert even though it had less icing because the flavor of the cake was so rich, perfectly sweet and embodied the epitome of carrot cake flavor. 

OVERALL:
As a fan of Vernick, and a lover of seafood, I was pleased to eat here and would return again. As a brand new restaurant, I am excited to see what others think and would want to try the other dishes as everything we had was great. I assume it'll get popular quick, so come here while it's new! Come for date night, catching up with friends, bringing the parents out, or just to eat some high quality seafood. As of this visit, Vernick Fish will be in my mental list of top 10 philly restaurants.
Our dinner at Vernick Fish was extraordinary, from start to finish. Service, atmosphere, and food were all exceptional, and the night ended up being a very special experience for my partner's birthday. 

Service. From the moment we arrived and the hostess not only greeted us with a smile but wished my partner a happy birthday (those details are so important!), the service was (almost) impeccable. The pace was perfect, our water and wine glasses were never empty, and everyone we interacted with (including the server - not our own - who showed me where the restroom was located) was pleasant and accommodating. The only minor issue was that we could have used more information about some of the plates, especially the oysters. We ordered two different kinds, they came on the same plate, and we had to wait for someone to come over and tell us which was which - and no one told us what the two accompanying sauces were. 

Atmosphere. Beautiful space - more modern, darker, not as "home-y" as Vernick, perfect for a special dinner! There was a good distance between tables. Great music selection and not too loud. A gorgeous place to have a meal. 

Food (this is what you're here for, right?). Incredible. We kept talking about what we would re-order when we return (everything - except there also were 6+ other dishes that we would have loved to try!). Here's the breakdown: 

Bread & Butter. Always a lovely way to start a meal, and Vernick's bread never disappoints! (Complimentary bread is always appreciated nowadays, too.) 

Cape May Salt & Moondancer Oysters. Fresh & delicious. We like the salinity of east coast oysters, and these were excellent! The sauces were also wonderful - the green (cilantro?) I could have eaten with a spoon. 

Scallop Tartare. One of my favorite dishes of the night! Seasoned so well. The chips are wonderful. 

King Oyster Mushrooms. Why go to a seafood restaurant and order a vegetable side? Because they are UNBELIEVABLE. My partner is not a mushroom lover, and this was his favorite dish of the night! Get them! 

Oysters "Philadelphia Style." Oysters + broccoli rabe + provolone + parmesan = weird, you would think. They were outstanding. The brininess of the oysters was a nice surprise in an otherwise very Philly dish.

Swordfish. Now, we never order swordfish because of environmental issues. But we decided to go for it. I was disappointed when it first came out - the cut was thinner and smaller than I expected. But it was cooked perfectly, and the tomatoes and squid garnishes were great accompaniments. 

Tres Leches Cake. Somehow... we saved room for dessert, and having read all the rave reviews we had to try this - it was wonderful. Not too sweet and the perfect end to the meal. (Followed by salt water taffy with the bill - nice touch!) 

Wine list was reasonable, interesting choices, some local. We did not try cocktails, but will next time! 

Greg Vernick has hit the ball of of the park AGAIN. We will be back (for a special meal) as soon as we possibly can. Thanks to everyone for making our special occasion so memorable!
It was an amazing meal at Vernick Fish.  Normally service is not high on my priority list, but I was thoroughly impressed with the service here.  It was thoughtful, friendly, and everyone we interacted with went the extra mile.  

We started our meal with the fluke crudo and the halibut ceviche.  The curdo was very good and much more of a nutty taste than I was expecting when I saw it.  That being said the HALIBUT CEVICHE was out of this world!  Definitely the second best ceviche I've ever had.  The coconut broth, chilis, and lime worked so well together.  It would absolutely be a shame to come here and not eat this.  We were contemplating canceling the rest of our order and just stuffing ourselves on ceviche.

The  swordfish Milanese was good, not my kind of dish, but that was our error in misreading the menu.  That being said, it's a crowd pleaser, well seasoned with crispy breading that didn't overpower the fish.  The SAFFRON SCALLOPS were my favorite entrée.  they were served over noodles, were cooked perfectly, and delicious.

The drinks were well thought out and very tasty.  They have a bottle of amer that they use in the "Is this your homework, Larry" that is very hard to find in the states.  I was thrilled to finally be able to try it.  The biggest highlight in the drinks was the RAMOS GIN FIZZ.  Excellent.!  It's a drink that I am hoping to see in more bars (and one that I'll be trying to duplicate at home).
Gorgeous, fresh, simple. What an absolute treat.

I ordered the chirashi bowl: a refreshing, cool dish on a sticky hot day. The wasabi mixed throughout gave it a little zing, and the ripe tomatoes gave the raw fish a nice acidic snap. Oooooo.

Don't miss the oysters, obviously. Also, the seaweed butter that came out with the bread was a standout on its own. 

Wow. Come here!
A recent trip to Vernick Fish really caught me off guard. As I entered the lovely space on the north side of the ground floor of the new Comcast Building I felt as if I had been transported somewhere else. Glancing at the long, spacious interior I wondered if I was in New York? London? Architectural Digest? Fortunately after we were seated at the chef's counter by a friendly hostess a glance upwards brought me back to reality. Hidden on the beautiful tile wall evoking the sea was a small clock with an Eagles football helmet on it. I was still in Philly! 

Seriously though, Vernick Fish was a spectacular experience from start to finish. Our server, Jade, was truly a gem and saved me from ordering something that would definitely not agree with my food allergy. And I do recommend that you sit at the chef's counter. You can see the food being prepared in front of your eyes and even talk with some of the prep staff and runners. You also get too see all of the dishes being made and plated so you know what to get on your next visit here since you will be back (but why does that pork Milanese look so good?) 

We started with salmon tartare with gaufrettes. I eat a lot of good salmon but never have I had any salmon like this. It was so silky smooth and tasty that I can't see not ordering every time we go here. We also had the sardines on sourdough which were good and flavorful, but given our vantage point we saw that the sardines came from a jar and were de-boned and placed on the toast without any other intervention from the staff. For the mains, my wife had delicious grilled harissa shrimp while I enjoyed a spectacular grilled black sea bass with broccoli and tomato sauce. The fish was juicy and perfecto cooked and my wife's shrimp were yummy and had yogurt, melon cubes, and cucumber. For dessert I had an excellent slice of key lime pie with whipped cream on top mimicking fish scales. 

Our bill was presented with two pieces of saltwater taffy from Joisey (we're in Philly) and my credit card transaction was done with one of those handheld wireless devices that are all over Europe (but maybe we're not). 

So if you're looking for an excellent seafood meal (or maybe not seeing that pork) in Philly, London, or wherever you may be, just head to Vernick Fish.
My wife and I had lunch at Vernick for our 5th Anniversary and it was a great experience.  The restaurant is wide open with high ceilings and a modern commercial decor.

We were seated at the counter right along the kitchen which was perfect because I love to see what's coming out of the kitchen to help me decided on what I want.  After waiting for about 5 minutes our server came over and took our drink and appetizer order.  My drink of choice is Woodford Reserve and Ginger Ale.  At Vernick they make their own Ginger Ale which really elevated my drink to a whole new level.  

Our appetizer's arrived just before our drinks which was weird but not a big deal.  The Tuna Tartare came in a small bowl mixed with what seemed like some type of mayo based mixture and gaufrettes.  The gaufrettes were thinly sliced waffle fries that were salted.  They were the perfect compliment to the tuna which made for a creamy & crisp bite each time.  For our other app we had the old bay shrimp cocktail.  The shrimp were extremely large and they were accompanied with a spicy cocktail sauce and a green sauce which I forget the name of.  We enjoyed both of our appetizers thoroughly.  

For our main course we chose the Sea Bass and Saffron braised Tilefish.  The Bass came over a tomato sauce with broccoli and it was fantastic.  The fish was cooked perfectly and the tomato sauce was actually one of the best I've had at a restaurant. (nothing beats Italian grand moms)  The Tilefish was something my wife and I hadn't had before and we both enjoyed it.  It's white fish with a lobster type texture and it was served with summer squash with a pesto broth / sauce. 

We decided not to try anything for desert just because their current offerings didn't interest us that much.  Having said that our server brought over a piece of their Key Lime Pie because they were working on running a Four Seasons gift card we had.  I'm not a big fan of Key Lime but my wife and I both enjoyed it some much I will be sure to have it again when we return.

Vernick was great from start to finish and we will both be back!
It was lovely and my complaints few. The food is literally made to order. I watched each dish being made. So much labor but worth every painstaking moment. My only complaint was the lobster was over salted, and I know why. I watched the chef using two large pinches  for each order. It was a sin because it was wonderful otherwise. We had the beef tartar with gofrettes . Excellent! The lobster salad on lettuce leafs were great. . I asked for sea scallops seared which they accompaniments off menu . As excellent as they were they were not hot. Ugg! My buddy had the octopus which was beautiful. We ordered the side of potatoes and they might have been the best dish. They sent over a zucchini squash dish. It was very nice. The space is gorgeous. The service excellent. Just a few missteps from the kitchen. Could be one of the best restaurants in the city with a bit more attention.  Chef walking the floor. Maybe a bit more attention to the kitchen and not the high rollers. I get it but this is so close to being amazing.
I have been anticipating this restaurant opening since I found out it was coming to the new Four Seasons/Comcast tower so I made a reservation for as soon as I could. My husband and I came in on a Thursday night and it was quite full without being packed/too loud. The space is beautiful with marble & gold accents, gorgeous light fixtures, a generous sized bar and an open concept kitchen- there are spots to sit in front of the raw bar. Our dinner was fabulous, complete with an athlete sighting so my husband was happy. 

we started off with a couple of drinks: I had the Gap Year and my husband tired the Home in Devil's Pocket. Both were delicious and I rarely enjoy bourbon drinks but my husband's was very pleasant. I ended up switching over to a rose cava after my Gap Year which was divine; I enjoyed it so much I ended up having two glasses! Cocktails are $14, martinis are $15, and wine ranges but my cava was $11 which I thought was very fair for the quality. Overall, they're a smidge on the pricier side but nothing out of the ordinary for a high-end city restaurant.

For food, we actually ended up sharing a bunch of raw dishes and small plates. There were SO many things we wanted to try, the large plates fell by the wayside but maybe next time... here's a rundown on what we got:
- halibut ceviche, recommended by our server, was small in portion but really good. The simplicity of the dish was highlighted by how fresh the fish was. I would definitely get this again.
- scallop tartare- this was one of our favorite dishes of the nights and definitely our favorite of all the raw dishes!! it was a generous portion size, especially compared to the ceviche, for only a couple $ more. Also, the gaufrettes served with the scallops were amazinggg. highly recommend this dish and I can't wait to try the other tartares when we return.
- tuna & foie from the raw section was very obviously fresh and high quality but compared to the ceviche and the tartare it, shockingly, was not our favorite. i wish the foie had a little more flavor and maybe a hint more salt. The tuna itself was perfect though.
- old bay shrimp cocktail - $18 for 4 pieces of shrimp.... eh...... it's not the first time I've seen it and, to be fair, I'm not a hugh shrimp cocktail fan but I didn't think it was worth it. the shrimp were very large though and my husband ate 3 of the 4 so he clearly enjoyed them. maybe it's just me?
- mafalde with lump crab and tomato was a solid dish. The crab was pretty generous and the tomatoes really made the dish.
- savory beignets with clam ragout... may be my favorite dish of the night. wow. this one knocked it out of the park. the beignets (which are really more like gnocco in my opinion) were fluffy but crispy. The ragout was divine... and together, the dish was perfect. Nothing to complain about here.

My husband convinced me to do dessert which I can't fault him for because it was incredible. We picked the carrot cake pie which was dense yet fluffy on the inside with a thin, crispy shell. The flavors were SPOT on... it was absolutely delicious. 

The service was as close to perfect as you can get... relaxed, informative, knowledgeable, attentive without being overwhelming. Props to the server at the table next to us- she was extremely patient and accommodating to a guest who was...let's just say 'particular'. Everyone on the staff seems like a seasoned vet and I was impressed. This place is definitely top notch and, although I have yet to try Vernick (the original... although it's been on my list for years), I dare say it is comparable in service and quality. We will definitely be back!
Beautiful new restaurant in the city. It was Very hard to get a reservation for the time and dates we wanted. The best time we could get was 9 pm. Good note they have valet parking at the Fore seasons hotel entrance. You will have to pay $ 25 for parking. 

The food was excellent. After reading the Yelp reviews we took the advice from Jenny C. And ordered only Small plates and Tartarus. They started us with bread and the seaweed butter. You could spend that butter on the napkin and ate it. It was delicious. 

We ordered the salmon belly and the dayboat scallop both very good. Of the small plates the octopus was a big hit. Overall the food was a solid hit. The service could not be better excellent attention to us all night. Never waited to bring dishes and clear them. 

I do have two negatives. We had drinks at the bar before dinner. The specialty drinks were very good $15 per drink. The bar area is close to the front entrance and it was cold. We could not take our coats off in the bar. Second the bathrooms are located in the hallway outside the restaurant. You will need an escort to find it as nothing is marked.
The space itself is really well done. High ceilings, a lot space between tables, the open kitchen, it all comes together very nicely.

Service was A+. Helpful, polite, and attentive staff.

The food was really solid. Doesn't wow as much as the flagship Vernick, but that's clearly intentional. We got the salmon belly and scallop tartare, the carpaccio'd octopus, the beignets, the gnocchi and the mushrooms. I wouldn't get the salmon belly again. Not because it wasn't good, it was, but when so many other options on the menu pack more flavor, it is what it is. 

The scallops and the beignets were can't miss items. I will be getting both again. 

The mushrooms were particularly rich and flavorful. The gnocchi was good, but probably will try other dishes next time I go. 

Will certainly be back.
From the second we walked in, vernick fish set the bar high. We were celebrating our 5 year anniversary and from the host, to our Waiter, to the manager, made us feel like royalty. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable and helped make suggestions based on our preferences. We tried many dishes, all very good, but the ones that stood out were the scallop tartar, tuna with foie gras, halibut ceviche and the bronzino. WOW! The service and food-  ONLY THE BEST! You will not be disappointed!
Vernick Fish is offishally open and you should try to seas a reservation asap, but also be ready to shell out some money to get the full experience! On a scale of 1-5 I give it a 4.5.

The restaurant interior is beautiful, very sofishticated (unlike all the fish puns you're about to endure). It's a shame much of the place faces a parking garage. Full disclosure: we were lucky enough to come during soft opening when food was half off for Comcast employees. Some of the staff seemed to flounder a bit at times but overall service was good and I'm sure it will be better once they get their sea legs!

True to it's name, the menu is heavy on seafood, but there are some non-fish options as well. In addition to the raw bar (oysters, shrimp etc), there is a decent selection of tartares, and crudos, and then some small and large plates and vegetable sides. Definitely recommend sharing dishes. A vegetarian would probably feel like a (hungry) fish out of water here- not too many options. The sourdough and seaweed butter was also a lovely accompaniment and they didn't judge us when we asked for more butter.

First they reeled us in with some oysters (with lots of accoutrements), then we loved the spicy tuna tartare (which we didn't find overly spicy) and the scallop tartare, which both came with waffled chips and were a decent portion size. For raw things, we got the torched kingfish and the sea bream with spicy melon and prosciutto. Aside from fintastic presentation both were very delicious (and came with 4 pieces each.) Would also highly recommend the scallop with dashi and truffle (even though it's a splurge for $24 for ONE scallop) the presentation is beautiful with the shell and ceremonious pouring of the dashi over it. The ricotta tuna corn njuda gnocchi and squid pad thai were also great and more regular sized shareable portions.

For the large plates we opted for the bronzino with tomatillo and avocado salsa,  the tilefish which was cooked perfectly and came with summer squash and pesto, and splurged on the dover sole- a fish that comes with it's own side table where it is filetted in front of you and then smothered in delicious sauce. Everything was delicious but I'm not sure if could justify the $115 price tag on the dover sole without the discount. As someone who enjoys deboning a fish and eating as much as I can of it (tail, cheek etc.) the table-side filleting doesn't have as much appeal (although maybe just for the spectacle and experience of other tables staring- you'll feel like a reel big fish). We may have been the first table to actually ask for the head back... 

Towards the tail end of the meal we somehow managed to find room for dessert despite being stuffed to the gills and they were nice enough to bring out the key lime pie with a candle in it for our friends birthday. The "Vietnamese" tart with bubble tea balls between layers was also delicious!

If you drink like a fish- there is a full bar and bottle options- we opted for sparkling rosé because we'd had a few cocktails at JG sky before (recommend doing that too!)

Would love to come back for lunch (would be great for a business lunch) and looking forward to coming back for dinner- great place for a special occasion!  As the delicious fish we devoured might say, I'm hooked.
Loved Vernick Fish. While I always heard mixed reviews about this place (mainly from my friends), had to experience for myself. 
Let's start with the restaurant itself, don't think it could be any more gorgeous! Stunning design, open, beautiful and inviting. Every detail was thought through. The lighting is spectacular. I could not get enough of just the space. 
We ordered a bunch of appetizers and then a roasted whole Dorado to split as a main dish. I'd say my only disappointment was the $18 sourdough with sardines. Dare I say that it was not the best bread? Sardines were very good, fresh, definitely not out of a can. And the octopus, which we found a tad too salty. The Dorado was spectacular - from presentation to flavor to the rice it was stuffed with, we could not stop eating it. I think it was devoured in one bite. Previously, I've only had this fish once, in Portugal and have not seen it on the menu of an American restaurant. Was pleasantly surprised. 
I'd like to also point out that the service is absolutely top notch. I wish I remembered the name of our server, but sadly, I do not. He was so pleasant. One of these servers that you want to have a conversation with, but also doesn't linger too long. He gave us so many suggestions about food and wine. 
We did have a Vernick gift card, which surprisingly they did not take. Something about the restaurant not being of the same entity. Oh well. The meal, while not cheap, was definitely worth it and I would recommend this place to everyone!
I loved everything about Vernick Fish. I recently ate there to celebrate a wedding anniversary and the staff couldn't have been nicer or more accommodating. We received complimentary champagne and a few small bites, which was a much appreciated touch. We ate at the chef's counter and got to watch them cook and shuck seafood all night, which was pretty fun.

We tried a few cocktails, which were both good. The "that swizzle jawn" was super bright and fun, while remaining balanced and not too tart. Also love the name. The bread with seaweed butter was delicious. 

Standout dinner dishes:
- Spicy tuna tartare. Love the chips on the side
- Gently smoked king salmon with parm and a quail egg. Get this! So good and love the little egg on top that makes the dish even more decadent. 
- Crispy beignets and clam ragout. Very different and interesting idea, super flavorful.
- Char grilled mushrooms. Speaks for itself

Good:
- Octopus carpaccio
- Ricotta gnocchi
- Black sea bass- I was getting v full by the end so may not have been the best judge of this. I do remember the sauce being excellent!

Nothing on the dessert menu interested me, but we were so full anyway! Awesome addition to the Philly food scene.
We had a lovely lunch experience during their soft opening.  Our server, Caleb, was the best!  He was extremely knowledgeable about all the dishes and menu.  I had the sea bass and my husband had the chicken.  Both were good.  We also got the tomatoes as an app and they were surprisingly delicious! But the dessert was beyond our expectations!  We got the tres leches and the chocolate torte!  Make sure you save some room for dessert!!
A group of us dined at Vernick Fish for a friend's birthday.  I was actually trying to take my wife here earlier in the month of December, since I was hoping for a nice meal, and then being somewhat close to Christmas festivities.  We went to the city so many times in a short window, that I cancelled or never booked the reservation, so I was happy when my friend suggested coming here.  

As our group ordered a small plate here and a large plate there, eventually the waiter got to me.  I ordered about three small plates, with the waiter inquiring if my wife and I would be sharing.  Yes, we will be sharing, but she'll be adding a lot more stuff that she wants too.  Maybe we went with six small plates, trying to taste a larger variety of foods. 

The raw came out first, because it's the easiest to prepare.  Salmon Belly tartare and lattice chips, along with fluke.  The fluke bite might have been one of the best bites of the night.  Almost like candy.  Fish candy, but still good.  I loved the contrast of the salmon belly to the chips too.  Combining those bites were fantastic, but eating the salmon on it's own too worked just fine.  

Eventually the rest came out.  Octopus carpaccio, gnocchi and tuna, seared scallops, and squid pad thai.  The Octopus wasn't bad at all, but it was my least favorite dish of the night.  In retrospect, my wife and I felt we could have not ordered that.  Wasn't that memorable.  The tuna and gnocchi was so good and I'm pretty sure we ordered that from checking out our fellow yelpers.  The scallops were seared perfectly.  There were two there, but I wanted my wife to enjoy as much of that as possible.  I ate a small bite and enjoyed it, but dreaded having to hear about my wife mention the sear the next time I prepare scallops...  The squid pad thai was so different, but since we didn't order a large plate dinner, this was so welcomed as a cool/refreshing bite in between bites of our other food.  The flavors came through and really helped balance our meal.
3.5 stars. Not quite as good as Vernick Food And Drink in my opinion.

Must get: 
1) salmon belly tartare
2) smoked king salmon
3) sardines and sourdough
4) squid pad thai
5) ricotta gnocchi 

Last luster:
1) fluke brown butter - brown butter over powers the dish 
2) tuna foie gras - lacks flavor
3)uni and caviar - uni and caviar are both good but pales in comparison to the uni and eggs at Vernick Food and Drink
Came in on a Tuesday night around 8PM without a reservation for 6 people.

The service took a bit, but they offer complimentary bread with an amazing butter so velvety and soft. We each ordered separate entrees and shared hamachi tartare (very fresh and generous portion). Another coworker really enjoyed his uni toast. I got the trout - cooked to perfection but if you're not a fan of boney fish, might not be the best....the couscous on top (always a fan of Mediterranean) added a nice touch with some citrus notes. The branzino also looked really good! 

Overall, this is great for seafood and fish, but I still prefer dining at Vernick Food & Drink which has greater variety but also good fish.
My new favorite restaurant in the city!!

This is my second time here and I had a wonderful experience both times. Will definitely come back and recommend everyoneee! The interior and the layout of the restaurant is very pretty. 

Service was amazing. All of the staff were super nice and attentive.

Food was delicious! We loved every single dish. From the complimentary bread/seaweed butter to the tuna foie gras and all. Everything was prepared just right and presentation was on point too.

Only downside is.. the dessert menu is just slices of cakes and drinks.
I really wanted to love Vernick Fish, and don't get me wrong, the decor and service were top-notch, but everything was just too darn salty and there was too much dependence on chips.

Must get: pristine raw (sea scallops, fluke), fish collarbone), grilled shrimp, mafalde pasta w/crab
Meh: razor clams, sea bream, sardine & sourdough
Missed: dover sole, large fish

As Vernick Fish and Jean George Philly become increasingly popular among the locals, I'd wager that reservations will become increasingly crucial to land a seat to sample some of the freshest high-end seafood in Philadelphia. From the moment you walk in, you'll be encountered by well-dressed and well-mannered staff who will take you through the beautifully lit, modern decor of the Four Season building. Sure, some of the menu items reflected the decorative cost, but it's definitely a very nice spot if you want to impress your date. As for the food, our waiter strongly recommended the smaller dishes, of which I agreed, but just be careful as many of the raw pristine dishes (especially razor clams) are very salty and oily, so just ask in advance.

My wife and I shared multiple dishes, with the collar bone and the mafalde pasta (very al dente) that stood out to us. I am a big fan of sardines and wanted to love the sourdough combination. However, just like with many of the dishes, it was too oily, too rich and too salty. As for the dessert, we had the tres leche and the pumpkin pie, it was nice (and tough), but not very memorable.

Overall, we had a nice experience, with small areas of improvement in the sodium department. However, we didn't get to sample some of the larger and pricier items, which looked intimidating and very filling.

Food: 4 stars
Price: 3 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 5 stars
Great experience here. I sat at the chefs counter(the area in front of the open kitchen). The food is excellent. They have a homemade sourdough bread with seaweed butter . I ordered a few oysters which were very fresh - their homemade cocktail sauce was delish. Then I had the crab mafalde which just perfect. I just ordered their carrot cake pie which I've already tasted from their coffee shop , so I know that is amazing. I recommend. I ate by myself but this would be a swanky date spot or good business dinner too.
Date or special occasion restaurant!  This meal was a ten out of a ten. We had the salmon belly tartare and red snapper appetizer to start. They brought out sourdough bread and special seaweed flavored butter. I general don't like sourdough bread but this bread was extra tasty. Everything was delicious. 

I had a tuna crudo for my main dish. The bread, tuna and sauce were really great. 

The service and the setting were excellent, too. This place was very busy, but this was the week of the flower show.

One complaint that I had about here, they don't serve drinks from the fountain. You have to buy a smaller Diet Coke bottle (smaller than a can of soda). Between the two of us, we ordered five small things of Diet Coke and were charged each of them. Our server had to make multiple trips. I don't like to drink water in Philadelphia...
Great new space.  The food was delicious.  We had a dozen oysters to start.  Served with home crafted minuet and cocktail sauce.  We had the gnocchi and squid pad Thai and the sea bass.  All were fabulous.  The wine list was great and so was the dessert and coffee.  Attentive service on a busy night.
Continuing my quarantine catch up... I can to Vernick fish with a customer at the end of January. We waited a little longer than I would like with our reservation, almost 20 minutes and with no empty seats at the bar. Then we waited another 10 while our waitress figured out that we were seated. Oh well, I had heard great things and great reviews so, still excited.

The fresh, raw (or slightly cooked) seafoods were not disappointing! We had a few oysters, some fluke, salmon belly tartare, uni avocado toast and salmon with quail eggs that we actually ordered a second round of. I would recommend all of these. From there... unfortunately downhill. We had an endive salad that was mostly tasteless. The beignets were just fried dough with an average ragu. The pasta was pretty bland and a little oily. Something was a little off with our hen of the woods mushroom. And the porgy was the most disappointing of all. A favorite, rarely seen fish of mine was fishy and not my favorite presentation as the sausages and sauce overpowered the delicate fish. The dessert was not the best selection either... a grapefruit (yuzu I think) tart that was just ok. I think you will be really happy here if you stick to the fresh, raw or slightly cooked seafood specialties.
My girlfriend and I recently dined here to celebrate my birthday, which was only a week after their official opening.

First impressions: the restaurant is beautiful. It's well designed, modern, and classy. The restaurant features an open kitchen, so you can look in from just about anywhere in the restaurant.

The table was nice, along with the wait staff who were quite friendly and informative. We asked a myriad of questions and tested their knowledge, and they nailed every single one.

We started with their fresh bread and seaweed butter. The flavor in the butter was moderately salty and had an interesting aftertaste, but it left me with more to be desired.

The first thing delivered were the oysters. I had one of each of the special oysters from around the country. They were mostly extremely flavorful and the presentation was spot on. 

Second was the tuna tartare. SO amazing. I highly recommend this dish. I was very close to ordering a second. 

Third was a crab pasta dish (the name escapes me) but I found it to be only mediocre. Maybe try the gnocchi instead?

Fourth was the side of potatoes which were out of this world, however the green glaze on top kind of killed it a bit. 

Our main was the Sea Bass. It was cooked perfectly and was seasoned with amazing flavor. It went well with the potatoes. 

Last was the tomato salad, which I would not recommend.

Overall, quite an amazing meal and we will definitely be returning. Another great establishment by Greg Vernick. Well done, sir.
I wanted to love Vernick Fish so bad because I love Vernick Food and Drink. I was so excited when my reservation date finally came. First the restaurant was beautiful, food ingredients were top notch, however, execution of some of the dishes left me disappointed.  Service is a negative: our waiter Hippolito did not once ask how our meal was or checked in  during the whole 2 hours we were there. We started with oysters, salmon belly and tuna tartare these were wonderful. The chips with the tartare works wonders. 
Next up was the beignet and clam: the presentation of taste of the clam was great, however, the beignet tasted like pure oil (only speculation is the oil wasn't hot enough).
Scallop With truffle: was it worth $24 meh, definitely different. If you have the funds def give it a whirl.
Nextly we shared the cod in miso broth and ordered side of henwood mushrooms.  The cod was cooked perfectly inside however I had to get around the burnt exterior before being able to enjoy the interior.  The mushrooms were overly charred and tasted bitter. 
The waiter then gave us a "complimentary" cabbage side dish which we speculate was returned by another table due to how black and over charred it looked. 
The dishes that came out of the hot kitchen left me disappointed.
We did end the night with a positive. The earl gray tart and carrot cake pie left me wanting more.

I would say if you decide to come here for dinner stick with the raw and small plates. 

I have another standing reservation for Vernick fish because I was hoping to take my niece here for her birthday but most likely will be cancelling.
Oh boy, what a meal! Vernick Fish is fantastic. The space is BEAUTIFUL, so well designed and very romantic. My boyfriend and I celebrated our anniversary here in October and we were so glad we did! We had the halibut ceviche (5/5), spicy tuna tartare (4.5/5), fluke w/ brown butter & hazelnut (4/5), octopus carpaccio (3/5), hen of the woods (5/5), and the salt & vinegar potatoes (4.5/5). We were comped a raw fish course that we didn't catch the name of, but it was awesome! The only thing I was disappointed by was the octopus carpaccio, we would not order this again. We ordered 2 desserts and were comped a 3rd, all were amazing!

Such a great meal and a fantastic experience, we can't wait to go back!
The best swordfish I've ever had. Truly an amazing meal. An amazing experience from the minute I walked in the door. I ate at the bar and John was extremely attentive and knowledgeable and made my dining experience complete. I recommend this place with a  100%  positive review. My only complaint is that I couldn't eat more!
Finally got a chance to check out Vernick & I'm so happy we got there when we did! This place is magical, our table was in the window so passers by could relish in our enjoyment of our meal!  If you get a chance to get to philly, make your reservation in advance once the Covid restrictions are lifted! 
Everything tasted like love and greatness! Can't wait to go back!
Vernick never disappoints! My wife and I celebrated an anniversary a couple years ago at the original outpost, so we had to try this seafood centered iteration for our anniversary this year in the gorgeous first floor of the 4 seasons/Comcast building and dare I say it, this has surpassed our expectations.

The service was exceptional, the host made sure our day was special with a complimentary champagne toast and we were off to the races. I also had their version of an old fashioned and one other cocktail suggestion and all were top notch.

Each course was presented beautifully, with a great balance of flavors. The endive and Baby gem salad had the perfect tarragon vinaigrette and the jerk shrimp small plate was cooked perfectly with a sweet vegetable pickle slaw. 

Watch out for the uni caviar deviled egg special, it sure was delicious, but at $50 for one egg, rookie mistake for not asking for the price. So now you know.

The whole Dorade with peanut tahini is a MUST GET! The crispy skin, flakey tender meat, and tasty sauce made this a winner. Paired with the potate pave side was out of this world, and once again that black truffle aioli was top notch. This restaurant knows their sauces.

Finally, the sour cream ganache chocolate cake is decadent, rich, and moist. Don't forget the peaches and cream tart. We were stuffed but oh so happy! Can't wait to return!
Believe the hype! Vernick Fish is elegant, delicious and will leave you wishing you could afford to eat here every weekend. 

Since reservations are hard to come by, I recommend coming early to snag a seat at the bar. While everything we had was amazing, some stand-out dishes included the ricotta gnocchi with tuna, which was simply the BEST gnocchi on the planet. For an entree, I had the pork chop, which was as big as my head and perfectly delicious. The swordfish was excellent and I was even able to snag a bite before my husband inhaled it.

10/10 will be back!
Excellent food and service - a phenomenal dining experience all around!

Came here for dinner with friends (we managed to snag a 9 pm reservation - book in advance, folks) and we sat outside, although I must say the interior looks absolutely stunning. The sommelier was helpful in suggesting white wines for us - we ended up having 2 bottles for the table (wine not?). 

Our waiter was Michael and he very much deserves all the praise, recognition, and promotions he can get! He gave us fantastic recommendations for food and desserts (more on that in the next paragraph). Also, once he found out that one member of our party is friends with a former employee, he brought us an appetizer (the hamachi crudo - super fresh, light, and perfect) and later a dessert (the peaches and cream tart) on the house! Such a friendly gesture that made us feel well taken care of.

Onto the food: everything was delectable. We split the raw oysters, snapper ceviche, and potato pave (holy cow, this is some melt-in-your-mouth magic served with the most delicious black truffle hollandaise...a MUST) - all super tasty! For my main, I got the branzino, which was easily the best I've had and served with an interesting pineapple sauce. The fluke was another crowd favorite (both of these mains were suggested by Michael, of course). For sweets, we got (in addition to the complimentary peach tart) the chocolate cake and apricot/pistachio crostata. All three were fantastic in their own ways, whether it be decadently rich or light and refreshing. 

So glad we dined here during my first Philly visit. Hope to come again!
Beautiful decor, wonderful decorum from the servers, but food was not as delicious as the hype made it to be. 

appetizer: 
- salmon belly dish, disappointment because I adore salmon belly which is suppose to be a rich smooth cut. However this cut of the fish was not the prime cut you expect. The bites were not the smooth and subtle sweet melt in your mouth texture, but a rather bland and veiny texture. Big no. The sauce mixed into it was also mediocre, a white creamy mayo like with herb paired with chips. 
-oyster, excellent. Must have Cadillac from Maine!

Main dish
- highly recommended Trout: did anyone warn me of bones? It was great until I reached the center cut of the fish where I bit into not only 1, but 6+ pieces of little to medium fish bones ready to pierce through my mouth. When asked about my experience from a worker, I shared with them my disappointment of the bones, but was returned with a response of "small fish can have bones"
- sea bass, refreshing and paired with a mild tomato base sauce. Very enjoyable but wasn't blown away.

Dessert
- I'll have to admit, the tres leches was my favorite. Not too sweet, and not too soggy.

Like other reviewers said, I'm not dying to catch another reservation here but would try it again when things improve especially with the quality of the seafood if this is called Vernick Fish
Stopped in with friends for an Espresso Martini and Chocolate Cake after dinner at a nearby restaurant. These are definitely two of my favorite things especially as a combo. The cake was amazing the first day and even better the second. It was rich, so you probably won't be able to eat the whole thing in one sitting. It is definitely in my top 3 for chocolate cake. The Espresso Martini was perfect. 

The atmosphere of the space was calm and the customer service was perfect. 

I'll be back!
Phenomenal restaurant which is not surprising from Chef Vernick. It's an amazing experience from start to finish. The staff is so attentive. We sat at the bar and enjoyed a few cocktails, which were absolutely delicious. Then the bartender offered great advice on a wine to pair with our food. For food, we loved the salmon belly tartare, lobster lettuce cups, the oysters Philadelphia, shrimp, branzino with avocado salsa to name a few. Then we finished off with the tres leches and the carrot cake - both were out of this world. We cannot wait to go back!
This place is stupidly good. My husband and I went last night and I'm already planning my next visit. 

First - from the host to the servers to the folks clearing plates, everyone is very friendly and professional. The decor definitely feels like a restaurant in a hotel but not in a bad way (and the only part that feels like hotel restaurant vibes).

The food - Everything was divine. Our first course was the salmon belly tartare which was wonderful. Next we got the octopus carpaccio and I have no idea who these people are saying it was overrated, it was probably our favorite thing. For the hot appetizers we ordered the savory clam ragu beignets and the special for the evening, a salt cod pasta. The beignets were great and so much fun and the pasta broth was good. The noodles weren't my most favorite texture but I think that's a personal preference.

Main event - we split the dorade which was probably the most delicious piece of fish I've ever eaten. It's crusted and crispy and also flaky and juicy and so flavorful. I'll be sad to go back because I will try something different for the main but will wish I had a second stomach for this fish.

Many of these were recommended by our waiter who was a delight. We spent $135 for 2 which is typical for us 1-3 times a year and this was worth one of those 1-3 times. All in all, definitely worth the hype!
Service was excellent, food was nothing short of amazing. I think it's his best work yet
We came here for a friend's birthday dinner last night. We've been wanting to try this restaurant for awhile but we had a big lunch earlier so just ended up getting small plates. We were originally going to get like 3 or 4 but ended up getting 6 because we wanted to try a bunch of everything. I was a little disappointed they didn't have the shrimp tempura on the menu. Our waiter said the Chef didn't like how it came out so he took it off the menu. They were also out of swordfish for the night which my friend was going to order. 

We checked the menu ahead of time online but when we arrived there were some minor adjustments. Our waiter said they can't keep up with the online menu as it changes too much. My husband and I started off with the seared scallops, fluke with hazelnut and brown butter and scallops belly tartar first. These 3 things were a little salty but still had really good flavored. The scallops were seared perfectly and had some grapefruit and other fruit with it. It was actually a little spicy which I was surprised about, but it worked with the dish. On the online menu it said the scallops were with black truffle which I kinda wanted though. 

The fluke was very good, loved the hazelnut brown butter sauce on it. I'm a big fan of brown butter sauce now. Did taste a little salty- my husband said they used finishing salt to bring out the flavors. Salmon belly was great- the chips were very crunchy and went great with the salmon belly. Nice fresh flavors. 

For dinner we got the ricotta gnocchi with tuna as this was their signature dish and I hear it was amazing. I'm not really big on tuna but I like it when it's made right. The gnocchis were pillow soft and the tuna was kinda smoky, this was one of our favorite dishes. On the website it said corn but it came with spinach when we ordered it. Was a little disappointed because I thought it would have been amazing with corn, and my husband loves corn and tuna. 

We also got the squid pad Thai. I enjoyed it it was very light and flavorful. It was kinda hard to see the squid though as it blended in with the bean sprouts and I don't think there was that much squid in it. We also got the octopus carpaccio because I read that was another favorite dish but we liked this dish the least. You couldn't really taste the octopus and it was really oily. 

We didn't get to try dessert because our friends had to rush to catch a train. Probably for the best though as we we're pretty full anyway. Overall a great  night out and maybe we will be back in the summertime to try new menu items.
Went in with no expectations given it was their first weekend open and they really knocked it out of the park.  Everything was amazing start to finish. Our server made guided recommendations on how and what to order without being overly pushy.  The carrot cake at the end was also amazing. 10/10 must go. We will be back!
A gorgeous restaurant.  We had a few appetizers.  Scallop Ceviche is a must try.  Octopus appetizer sliced so thin...amazing. I would take the ride up in the elevator to the 60th floor ... it's quite a thrill.  We will definitely be back.  John the bartender was really great with recommendations.  We talked with Julie Vernick (Greg's wife) she was lovely.  It appears they are excited about this new venture.
My wife and I visited Greg Vernick's recently opened restaurant in the Comcast IT Center for dinner. We were greeted immediately and pleasantly upon entering and were seated at a table in the center of the dining area. I subsequently requested a window table, quickly mentioning that this meal was a birthday gift to my wife. We were graciously reseated at a window table. Our server (I apologize for not knowing/remembering his name) was expertly knowledgeable and very efficient and pleasant. The food was as we expected from a Vernick kitchen. The  beignet with clam ragout and paella rice appetizers were superb. And the tilefish entree in a glorious sauce was outstanding. We also appreciated the fresh sourdough bread with seaweed butter. Finally, when we ordered the flourless chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream to share, a lighted candle adorned the plate with a piece of dark chocolate with the words "Happy Birthday. My wife was so overjoyed at this discreet celebration of her birthday. All the credit goes to our hostess and server and we made a point of acknowledging their kindness and gracious hospitality. All in all, this evening was a special dining experience.
Such an incredible experience. The entire meal, from start to finish, was a winner. The ambiance couldn't have been better. Restaurant is easy to find, there is valet parking or a pay lot across the street. Food was outstanding...I ate all of my portion and some of my dates of the item I like least (sardines). The surf clam was absolutely out of this world. Bronzino and scallops cooked perfectly. The crudo was bright, vibrant, and fresh. Even the grilled artichokes were a home run. The place is a little pricey, but well worth the money. Service and hospitality were on point. Definitely returning.
We selected Vernick Fish for our first restaurant date night out in over a year, and it was perfect. Our server Caleb was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. We had plenty of space to ourselves at an outdoor table which we filled with an array of drinks and food. The Tuna Tartare with its waffle chips had a great combo of textures and the Marinated Heirloom Tomatoes that recently made it to the menu was like eating summer. The Branzino and Sea Bass were also excellent and perfectly prepared.
Our lunch at Vernick Fish was everything we'd hoped it would be - with a few surprises!

Food was - of course - the all-star.

- Spicy tuna tartare - flavorful, fresh with the perfect light waffled crisps to load the tuna onto 
- Grilled octopus salad - gorgeous, tender pieces of octopus, grilled just enough with well-dressed veggies and a light sauce
- Misto Fritte - saffron curried aioli beneath a small mountain of fried veggies and seafood, crispy and perfect, with a lemon
- Hens of the Wood - succulent is not a word I often use to describe mushrooms, but it applies. Also quite the work of art.
- Salt & Vinegar Potatoes - came highly recommended by many on Yelp, and did not disappoint. Fried, but the vinegar and salt cuts the oily taste that accompanies fried food. Dollops of an herbed sauce - just enough. Perfection.
- Miso Salmon w/ Avocado and Crispy Rice Salad - friend described the salmon as "on point." Would definitely agree. Avocado was a nice balance to the crispy rice and cabbage. All in all a solid choice.
- Scallops, blackened with collards (catch of the day) - wowza. Just everything you'd ever want from a scallop.

The service was predictably excellent, a definite 4-4.5 star experience. We were never left for long without an option to order more food or beverage, or to ensure we were happy with what we had. Water glasses were always full, and our waiter, whose name I regrettably missed, was good-natured and brought a much-appreciated sense of humor.

Ambiance was elegant, but upbeat - the perfect place for a business lunch, date or catching up with an old friend. There were fresh red roses abounding, probably because it was Valentine's Day! Decor is simple, modern and sleek without being overtly sparse or (on the other hand) over the top with chrome or marble.

Lovely touches included the nori seaweed butter with stout bread at the start of the meal, the tiny salted dark chocolate biscuits with our espresso after the meal, and the tiny taffies that came out with the check.

I have plans to be back with my husband, and won't stop talking about this meal for a while!
The complimentary sourdough bread was very salty. The seaweed butter was really good and unique.

Octopus salad: I asked for dressing on the side. The octopus was chewy without being too hard. However most of the pieces were overcharred that ruined the overall flavor. The eggplant purée was very salty.

Seabass with tomato sauce was very delicious. Fish was perfectly cooked. The tomato sauce has perfect flavor with a balanced acidity. Highly recommended.
My friend had grilled swordfish and she said it was the best she ever had. The potato has lemony vinegar flavor there brings brightness to the dish.

Staff is really nice and helpful. If you are paying with cards they will bring the reader to your table. Make sure they put the right amount because our waitress put the wrong bill.
I've been here twice now, once for my birthday, and both times were amazing. I had the same server both times and he was outstanding - funny, friendly, and super knowledgeable and helpful in every way. The food is absolutely delicious - my favorites so far are the halibut ceviche and the brown butter fluke (so good!) The cocktails are also really balanced and lovely. All in all, a great place for a special dinner out.
Service great, drinks were great and not watered down and the sea bass was amazing. The best part was the key lime pie I never tasted a crust that was that soft, moist and buttery it tasted like heaven.
The space is beautiful and the execution is as fine as Vernick. I'm a seafood junky and this place rocked my world. Can't wait to go back to have more of the menu. The Rockfish and Himachi Collar (special) were the highlights.
Visiting in town and staying here at the Four Seasons from New York City and heard many great things of Vernick. Last night I tried it out, the food was amazing and the experience and service that Caleb shared with us was impeccable. I definitely recommend this place as well as Caleb. Thank you for a lovely evening.
It was an entire experience. We started with wine and fresh oysters. The oysters are flown in daily and come from all over the world. I've never had better oysters in my entire life. No exaggeration. The menu has an excellent assortment of fresh and raw fish! We also had the raw fluke fish with a butter sauce and hazelnut shavings, the salmon belly tartar, more wine,  an octopus salad, the squid pad thai, the salt and vinegar potatoes  (holy goodness it was unusual and effing delicious) and a fish served over fresh zucchini for our entree, although I can't remember what type. For dessert they serve fancy pie from a pie case and we opted for the carrot cake pie and a customized flight of digestifs. We had the best time and a super knowledgeable waiter.
It's a HIGH bar but I was hoping to love it here as much as Vernick but I really didn't. A few of our raw plates lacked salt and acid. The crab beignets and tartars were good. Large plate of fish was good but not spectacular. Cocktails were very good. The space isn't as intimate and fun as Vernick- it's beautiful but more stuffy.
A perfect experience.  We came for a late lunch on Sunday.  Everything was perfect - space is beautiful, a clear example that the food scene in Philadelphia continues to improve.  Service was impeccable.  Food was delicious, execution perfect for every course.  Dessert was spectacular, as were the drinks.
My wife, Ellen, and I dined at Vernick Fish last evening. In all respects, we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner.
The restaurant is quite beautiful in an elegant, but stylish manner.
The service was impeccable. Our primary server, Kristin, was warm, and carefully explained many of the dishes to us before we made our selection.
A few of the dishes which we highly recommend include the broiled "oysters Philadelphia," the octopus carpaccio with lemon, capers and parmesan, the grilled harissa shrimp, with melon, cucumber and yogurt, and the roasted porgy, with jasmine rice, andouille sausage, and creole broth. All were absolutely delicious! 
This restaurant is a very welcome addition to our neighborhood.
To sum up the whole of our dining experience in two words, "PURE CLASS!"
I personally still like the original Vernick better for both food and atmosphere but Vernick Fish is a good addition to the Philly restaurant scene.  I
have eaten there twice now and the food both times were very good, not great but very good.  However, as with most places the atmosphere and service adds to the experience and Vernick Fish provided a great experience on both fronts.  The service is slow for dinner but the servers were attentive and helpful.  The food all tasted very fresh and well prepared but didn't have the clean strong flavors as the dishes from the original Vernick.  I would not hesitate to go back and it's nice to have a good seafood option in Rittenhouse outside of Oyster House.  Oyster House is amazing and food is so consistent but it's nice to have another alternative.
An absolutely delightful place. The food is incredible. The service is amazing. I asked to swap my table for the chefs counter. The attention to detail & plating of each dish is something to see. The food melted in my mouth. The chef sent over a scallop dish...heavenly. The spicy tuna tartare served w/house made waffle chips...fresh & the balance of the flavors was perfect. The Octopus Greek salad is a must. The octopus was cooked perfectly. I watched one of the sous chefs plate this dish... was every item was individually paced on the plate. The butter that is served w/the bread...just have it. I wish we had a restaurant like this in San Diego. I finished my lunch w/a latte. Hands down the best latte I have ever had. I booked a reservation at Vernick Coffee immediately after.
Vernick fish had definetely kept up with its food and service quality from Vernick. I also like that they offer more variety of dessert options now.
All the RAW section were great and I loved the chips that came with it.
We also tried the Gap year drink. Its on the sweeter and fruitier side and we liked it.
A huge fan of Vernick Fish: I've now gone for a business lunch and two dinners (one with a group), and have enjoyed delicious food each time--definitely recommend coming with a group and sharing dishes so you can try a bunch! In the group dinner, we had a pescatarian and a meat-but-no-beef diner, and both were as full as the rest of us by the end. (This may also have had something to do with the crave-worthy house-baked slightly-sourdough bread and seaweed butter, which is also perfect for sopping up tasty sauces!) Drinks were noted to be well-poured and crafted.

Some food favorites: oysters; spicy tuna tartares with gaufrettes (i.e., waffle-style potato chips); torched hamachi with orange and jalapeno; tagliatelle, spicy tuna sausage ragu, broccoli rabe; roasted porgy, jasmine rice, andouille, creole broth; fried cauliflower, vadouvan & yogurt.

Overall service is stellar, as one would expect from a Four Seasons-run restaurant. And the location is easy for city and suburban folk alike, as Suburban Station comes directly into the Comcast II tower/building.

My only nit is that the first couple of times I visited, the most amazing key-lime pie was on the dessert menu. I made the most-recent reservation with that dessert in mind, and was disappointed when dessert rolled around and I learned it was no longer being offered--please bring it back and let me know when it is! (I'd also request that the uni avocado toast make a reappearance!)
Amazing people, very accommodating! Great food! Went for Valentine's Day and they had some specials. Definitely would recommend the squid ink pasta, blackened seabass and oysters. Our server was very kind and helpful.
I just dined here for the 2nd time and counting. As a foodie that loves to cook and dining out, I must say that Vernick  Fish is my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE!!!

I had the pleasure of having two different Kristen's make my experience memorable. I cannot stop recommending  this restaurant to others.

Staff is extremely pleasant and have a strong knowledge base and are very accommodating to dietary  restrictions/food allergies. 

The food is exceptional. I am hooked on  the side of mushrooms   My favorite drink is "The Gap Year".  

Thank you to the entire staff for another great experience that I will be talking about until returning again. 

I am at Vernick Fish for the 3rd time and counting. This is a Very Very special occasion as I am with my son celebrating his 21st birthday. Sheneeka is ABSOLUTELY AWESOME. She ensured that my son had a wonderful experience. She's intuitive and pays attention to detail by providing great suggestions of menu items. This outing would not have been the same without Sheneeka. Sincere Thanks
I love the original Vernick and so was super excited for this one.
The space is beautiful and modern. The service was prompt. Now, the food. I don't think i can say anything terrible about any of the dishes we had, everything was so fresh!
We had some oysters, which were perfectly fresh. 
We had the tartare with gaufrettes. The creaminess of the fish paired perfectly with the chips. I do wish for a pinch more salt, and there was more tartare!
The fritto misto has that amazing saffron aioli that elevates the dish. Also some pieces may have used also a touch more salt. 
My favorite was the daily fish special. You can choose to have it grilled or blackened, and this was so perfectly executed, with the braised(?) greens. 
It was a bit on the pricey side, but nothing ridiculous.
I will happily return and try more dishes!
I made a reservation a month or so in advance for a Friday night. Upon arrival, the restaurant (which is huge) was packed and I couldn't even find space to squeeze into the bar while I waited for the rest of my party to arrive. Luckily, they were willing to seat me at the table while I waited since it was ready which I appreciated since so many restaurants in the city are sticklers about having your whole party there to be seated.

I opted not to try any of the cocktails in favor of sticking to tried and true vodka soda, but others did and enjoyed them. 

Food wise, we ordered a hodge podge of appetizers, small plates, entrees, and desserts to share. My favorite dishes were the beignets with crab ragu, salt and vinegar potatoes, and the blackened sea bass in chunky red pasta sauce with broccoli. 

The scallops were good, but I didn't like the grapefruit and nut butter (I forget which nut specifically) that they were served with and the order only came with 2. No one especially cared for the tempura prawns in a chunky coconut sauce. We also randomly got charged for extra shrimp without explanation until we asked and were told that since an order typically only comes with 3, they charged us for one more since there were 4 of us. Our server did take it off the bill realizing it was his mistake for not checking with us. 

I also found the desserts to be mediocre- carrot cake pie, flourless chocolate cake, and yuzu merengue pie. The server compared yuzu to lemon, but it was more bitter had floral notes to it. Although I wasn't a fan, others were. 

For $100 per person, I wish I loved the food more. I can see myself stopping in again and sitting at the bar for drinks, raw bar items, and the delicious beignets though!
One of the best meals we have ever had. We travel the world and try to hit as many Michelin star restaurants as possible. This was fantastic in every way. Our server Paul was amazing. 5 stars plus all the way.
Came here for Christmas Day 2019 I got the sea Bass broccoli in a tomato sauce it was really good but I have had better
I also got the cauliflower the wasn't as good but the sourdough bread with the seaweed butter was great, my man got it he mussels they were great!
And he also got the roasted porgy jasmine rice creole sauce, the porgy was substituted the bass his was good too
The service was good the young bar assistant was very attentive
I would come back again 
Oh yeah I'm not a drinker but I ordered one it was called the Rest if the Week it was tasty try it
New iteration of Chef Vernick's vision located in the Comcast Technology Center (CTC). You can enter via the Four Seasons lobby or from Arch St between 18th & 19th. The ambiance and interior design elevates the Philadelphia restaurant scene and the service is impeccable. Our cocktails were prepared perfectly and served quickly. Although we didn't have any food, from what we saw passing by our table, everything looked delicious. We'll be coming back!
It's a lovely space with lovely service but the food was not anything special. The menu was nothing interesting, particularly local or sustainable, which at a restaurant at that level and price you expect something special. We got the Black Sea bass with tomato sauce and broccoli which was nice but there were tons of bones in the fish, which we weren't warned about and made it hard to eat. Also got a spicy tuna tar tar which was not spicy and just meh, a sardines toast that was good but also meh. The bread with seaweed butter was good, not great. Just kinda hoped for more. Have eaten at the original and this is not nearly as good. Not terrible or anything but go to the other restaurant or any other place in town that serves the same fish at half the price.
This was our first visit to 2-month old Vernick Fish inside the new Comcast building. Our expectations were high as we are huge fans of the original Vernick restaurant located near Rittenhouse Square on Walnut Street. Sadly we were underwhelmed on quite a few levels. While we found the open kitchen and dining room warm and inviting, service was slow, disorganized and stuffy, and our server was difficult to track down. It took over an hour for our first courses to arrive, and our oysters were brought without accompaniments or identification of the varieties ordered. Also, the plates were not brought out in unison, meaning that half the table had to wait five minutes before the other half was served. One of the entrees was not what was ordered, and while the dishes all tasted good they were quite small and lacked substance. Overall, the restaurant, situated on the ground floor of the new Four Seasons hotel, had the soulless feel of a typical hotel restaurant. Perhaps Vernick Fish is still finding its footing and will improve with time, but as for our future visits we plan to stick to our original and much loved Vernick Food & Drink.
Amazing meal from start to finish. Oysters were some of the best we've ever had with lovely accoutrements. All raw preparations are top quality with clean preparations that highlight the seafood. Tilefish was wonderful and the tomato side was so refreshing and summery. The menu does and excellent job of showcasing high quality seafood and seasonal produce. Key lime pie was the perfect finale. Great cocktail and wine list. Service is friendly, knowledgeable and perfectly attentive. Just delightful!
Visited on Sunday for brunch before Hamilton!  We were seated promptly at 11:30 am and our waiter made sure we were ready to head to the play at 12:40.  Lunch was awesome - I had the lobster appetizer which was amazing and the sea bass with tomato sauce And broccoli which delicious.  The before lunch cocktail of a flavorful gin and tonic smoothed the way to bliss!
I have been to Vernick Fish twice and left very pleased with my selection.  I gave a 4 due to the fact that the potatoes were a bit salty. Maybe that's how it's served, however, I had to return it.
My sea bass was perfect!

Excellent atmosphere, professional, friendly and very intuitive servers.  Would highly recommend for lunch or just an afternoon sanctuary.

Great addition to the city.
We went to Vernick Fish so excited to hit the 2nd spot created by our favorite Philadelphia chef. Sadly, I think they need a bit of work to move the needle and I hold firm on 3.5 stars after our first experience. We arrived 10 minutes before our reservation and upon check-in the host told us "you are ten minutes early- and we do not have a place for you to wait" It was so awkward as there was no crowd or streams of people...I get it if the bar was full (it was not) but at least direct us towards a corner or a doorway and he did neither. It was the most awkward non-direction. We noticed that there's a very small waiting space behind the host stand so we sat there (with others also waiting for their table). A few minutes later the same host approached and told us that our table was almost ready - "great. Thank you!" We replied. So indeed a hostess came over and then took another couple away to our table. After a few minutes, we realized the mix-up and approached the same host who responded "what is your confusion??" To which we explained that WE had no confusion but apparently the hostess made a mistake and gave our prepared table to another couple. "Oh so sorry- we'll seat you right away"
The food was good- we had the sardines, oysters, scallop tartare, gnocchi, tomatoes, bronzino....Just sometimes when the rest of the experience needs work then we don't savor it as we could. 
We are spoiled by the Vernick experience of careful
coursing and this ended up coming in 2 main courses which was slightly rushed. 
At the end of our meal we realized that we were never served any bread ...but we also realized that no one in our entire restaurant section was given bread. We laughed with the table next to us wondering where the bread (they were cutting in the center of the dining room) actually went! 
I think the spot has great potential but I'd recommend they continue to draw some of their highly trained staff from the other location to upskill the newbies here. Vernick staff are amazingly impressive and I do hope they can keep it up. 
From a design perspective we found it strange that many of the tables look into the street, facing a parking lot. I know it's the city (I'm intimately familiar) but I think a window shading of some sort could be a worthwhile design consideration.
Delicious food and great drinks!!! Highly recommended!! Great service and super modern and clean!
Best meal I have had in a long time! Absolutely amazing from start to finish. Tuna tartare was probably the best I've ever had. Squid ink pasta with clams was incredible, as well. And do not forget the red velvet cake! My husband enjoyed an espresso martini that he said was perfect. Can't wait to go back! Service was also amazing.
Just loved this place! We just ate at the bar which was just fine because the bartender is always at your disposal and to answer all your questions without having to wait for your waiter or waitress. Had the Tasmania ocean trout and the svelte beignets. High recommend. My husband had the roasted chicken. Everything was just delicious and I look forward to going again!!
The menu is creative and extensive, and the food is incredible. We ordered a lot so we could sample different dishes. We especially enjoyed the bluefish rillets, the beignets with spicy clam ragout and the Dover sole. They also have an incredible drinks selection. Now that we've experienced the different dishes, we would likely order a variety of small dishes to share next time and maybe one big dish. That would be more than plentiful. The minuses were for the service and ambience. First the service: While the bussers were courteous and most helpful, our server disappeared after a couple of our small dishes were served. Not sure what happened, but because he never stopped by again to check on us, we had to flag down other servers to assist. For the amount of money we spent, we didn't appreciate the server's disappearing act. Second, the ambience: we didn't love the music, which seemed incongruous with the classy atmosphere that the restaurant was striving for. Modern jazz would have been more appropriate. The decor also seemed a bit cold and sterile. Some fresh flowers or color would warm up the space and make it more inviting.
This is absolutely one of the most glamorous restaurants on the scene right now, obviously I was there before the Pandemic. Drinks are beautifully prepared food is flawless and tasty (if you like seafood), and service was surprisingly unpretentious and warm. My complaint and I shared it with the hostess was a sort of disconnect between the piped in music and the surround, it seemed more appropriate to a dentist office or Sears store than one of Philly's hot spots. But I complained because I was definitely coming back.
Had an incredible meal here which is not surprising coming from Vernick who remains one of the best chefs in the city.  Was impressed by the design of the restaurant and the overall ambiance considering how large the restaurant is.  Just a beautiful restaurant, overall.  A lot of space between tables with the right amount of noise that made conversation easy but not awkwardly quiet.  

Starting with drinks, I had a cocktail that was a riff on a dirty martini but with mezcal and it was probably the best cocktail I've had in the city.  So balanced and drinkable.  The wine list was also great.  

In terms of food, we started with the spicy tuna and hamachi tartares with the house made potato chips which were delicious.  The smoke raw salmon with the fried quail egg yolk and shave Parmesan dish we had was one of the best bites of food we've had in a while, a must order.  Not far behind this was the spicy clam with beignets, truly amazing.  For our entree we shared the Bronzino which was perfectly cooked with amazing flavor from the sauce combined with  kale and pomegranate salad.  

Dessert was a huge disappointment in comparison to the quality of the rest of the menu.  

Aside from dessert, this restaurant is as good as it gets.  Will surely be back.
Vernick Fish, a modern venue, transparent kitchen, a seafood forward menu, and none the least, founded by Greg Vernick. I was sold the moment they opened. Let's cut to the chase, I really enjoyed my experience! To no surprise, Vernick Fish reminded me very much of Vernick Food and Drink. Elevated cooking, fine dining, and a unique experience. Service was superb, one of the best in Philly, in my opinion. I appreciated the attention to detail, systematic approach to plating, table setting, and clean up. Our server always followed the same protocol and was very meticulous. She was also quite knowledgeable of the menu and had some excellent recommendations. Service: 10/10

Now food. Perusing their extensive seafood menu, my partner and I gravitated towards the Raw and Small Plates. Unfortunately, the large plates didn't sell us as it seemed a bit fusionized. For some reason, we weren't feeling adventurous, but I'm sure all their large plates are excellent! 

TL:DR: refined technique, fresh ingredients, and harmonious composition! I will admit, however, it is a little bit on the pricier end of the spectrum. If you can appreciate the thought and preparation going into each dish, I would say it is worth a try!

Little Shot oysters & Love shot oysters: The oysters were creamy and not super briney, exactly what we were going for (shout-out to our server for the rec). I was a touch disappointed by the lack of sauces that were provided; however, still a good first bite. I think if they had a staple sauce like aioli or something new and acidic vs a hot sauce, cocktail sauce, and ginger sauce, it would have me running back for more.

Red snapper ceviche...GET IT! Absolutely excellent. Super refreshing and bright with the avocado, jicama, and lime. Wish I ordered another serving. 

Hamachi Crudo, also a MUST! Personally, my favorite for the night. This dish melts in your mouth. Fresh cut of Hamachi served on a beautiful oil base and topped with sweet potato puree and a touch of sea salt. Excellent, excellent dish. The texture of the salt and sweet potato elevated the Hamachi while the base infused every ingredient in your mouth. 

Tuna tartare: was pretty good and was definitely a fan of the sesame seeds and smokey sourdough. My suggestion for this dish would be to use a small slice of bread to break up the tuna and be a little cleaner to eat. 

Potato Gnocchi with lobster: a very good dish that reminds me of lobster Mac and cheese. Since moving to Philly, I've noticed lobster Mac and cheese come up a lot, and personally, I'm not a huge fan. That being said, this is similar (in my opinion), but definitely taken to another level. I hope I'm not undermining the complexity of the dish, but if that's what they were going for, they hit it on the head. If not, I would suggest they reduce the amount of cheese and crumb to highlight the lobster and truffles. 

Pan Roasted Prawns: also an excellent dish. Take note, these prawns are meaty and firm. If you're going for smooth and silky, I would suggest another plate. Sadly, the dressing was a tad over salted, but luckily the prawns were seasoned beautifully. One last critique on this dish, I wish they plated something other than the cabbage, something that complimented the main.

Excellent performance from Vernick Fish overall. It's definitely up there on my list of favorites. I would recommend for a special occasion while keeping in mind the price. 

P.S. I wish I took pictures of the first half of the night. My partner and I were way to eager to eat.
We were visiting the husband's office upstairs and decided we had to try Vernick Fish and we are so glad we did.
The interior of the restaurant is nice and bright, clean, chic, full of floral accents.
We ordered the salmon with the crispy rice, sea bass, chirashi bowl, salmon belly tartare, and the hen of the woods (mushrooms).
Salmon was cooked to perfection. And that crispy rice was my favorite of the meal. So flavorful and literally every single grain of rice was crispy!!! Simply incredible.
Sea bass was creamy and seasoned perfectly.
Salmon tartare was probably my least favorite. Yummy but it was pretty basic covered in a lot of mayo flavor.
Chirashi bowl was very good. They did a good job seasoning the rice and the sashimi pieces were fresh.
It was such an amazing experience and we will be returning to try more.
It's a great mini get away from philly! It feels like you're in NYC! The service is great! We had a reservation for Friday night, the host told us our table isn't ready yet and we could wait upstairs at the JG skybar. We skipped the elevator line like a VIP to the lounge upstairs (the pros  of making reservations)
I must say that their cocktails is very well made! Has a rich quality taste. 
The uni sourdough is a must try! The uni melts in your mouth!! 
We also had a dozen oysters from different location and they all tasted pretty fresh! 
My favorite was probably the black ink squid! It had all the right saltyness and flair to it!
I don't do fancy. But it was my birthday and my partner wanted to treat me so I said "find us some nice seafood." The crudo was amazing, the white wine list was impressive. I played it safe with the breaded swordfish, but my partner's plate stole the show, the sea bass was absolute perfection. And I love love love anything with rhubarb. That cobbler, they even managed to get the flavor of fennel in the ice cream, impressive. And the espresso felt like it wasn't an afterthought. I love a good espresso or Turkish coffee at the end of a good meal. I will be back for my next birthday if not sooner. The drinks didn't blow me away, but I have a distillery out here in Phoenixville that serves the best drinks anywhere so I am spoiled.
Delicious, went here on the first day they re-opened since the pandemic began. Excellent menu, quick service, very clean.
First meal out in over a year and could not have been any happier.  Caleb was a terrific server, from connecting with our vibe for the evening to recommending an entree and wine pairing that was magnificent.  Hard to say whether the sardine toast small plate or the charred Spanish octopus or the Black Bass entree were our favorite.  Was so full that we had to take dessert home.
The main courses were limited and heavier on non-fish seafood, despite the 'Fish' in its name. The sole offering was $125, therefore an unlikely choice. The grilled sea bass was delicious but drowned in a tasty broth- grilled and seasoned Ed would have been preferred. The carmelized broccoli was tasty but could have been tastier. The server was very thoughtful and pleasant, even putting a birthday candle on a dessert when she noticed a guest reading a birthday card. However, it was hard to get her to bring the bill and, then, to get her back to pay the bill. No offer was made to refill the quite small cups of coffee. The place is very pretty/casual. We will not return because if the limited main course menu.
We had an amazing experience at Vernick Fish this past march. It is a relatively new restaurant located in the Four Season's Hotel (Comcast building) in Philadelphia, and it is awesome. The food, service, cleanliness, attentiveness, etc were all great. Highly recommended dining here. The food options are wonderful... and the ribeye was exceptional. I also highly recommend Spicy Tuna Tartare and the Potatoes.
The food was absolutely outstanding. The staff was excellent. The restaurant was really flash.
This place surprise and impressed us beyond belief.   

Raw oysters were great.  Tuna Tartare with these store made potato chips was just awesome.  

And the Swordfish Milanese - oh my god!  Never would have dreamed of making it and I just can't wait to have it again.   When is the next trip to Philly?
Can I start with the ambience? Even with all glass windows, street view doesn't get do this place justice. It a blatant beauty from the host station, to the oyster bar all the way down the whole dining area. I went with two close friends who I knew would share my strong bias for the love of all things crustacean. We started with an octopus carpaccio which was done really uniquely sliced thinly across the plate (like pizza crust) topped with lemon caper, arugula and parmesan. I do prefer my octopus grilled, however this was a nice twist and I admired the individuality of the dish. Tuna tartare served with waffle chips was very tasty as well.
Guys if you can get your friends to spilt all the food family style, it is the best manipulation technique for true foodies. So for our entree the first one was grilled whole Bronzino with tabbouleh salad and muhammara, which is a basically a roasted red pepper hummus. Second entree was a grilled black bass with broccolini in a tomato based sauce. Lastly, we shared a roasted porgy fish over jasmine rice, andouille sausage in a creole broth. It was a three way tie for the win, they were unbelievable delicious. If I absolutely had to pick a fave, the black bass is it for me. The flavor, the texture, it was cooked to perfection and the sauce really set it off. 
We ended up going to Max Brenner for dessert because none of the options really stuck out. Great food, attentive service and beautiful ambience.
If you take heed to nothing else out this review, PLEASE MAKE SUE YOU VISIT THE TOP FLOOR!!! The view of city inside of Jean-Georges is to die for.
Probably my best dining experience in Philadelphia in a while. From the moment you work in, the space is beauty and very modern. Fresh orchids and other flowers line the walls and throughout the restaurant. Very modern architecture - beautiful light fixtures and very comfortable seating. One word - FLAVOR! From the complimentary seasoned butter and bread to the cocktails - (get the milk punch). We had the scallop crudo and octopus small plates - to die for. No complaints. For our large plates, we got the fluke and sea bass. Again, really really good. I wasn't expecting as much flavor as we experienced. Our server was knowledgeable and personable. You can tell everyone who works there enjoys it! The cocktails were well crafted and my fiancé said the milk punch was one of the best cocktails he's had in Philly. It's not cheap but it's really not too bad for the level of service and quality of food. If you're celebrating a special event or just want a really good meal, go to Vernick Fish! 
Bonus points: They got us last minute reservations into the John Georges rooftop of the four seasons. We were able to have dessert and a couple of drinks. Amazing views and nice cocktails and a really talented singer!
