Ok. So I have seen ads for this place on my Facebook for months. Otherwise, I would have never known it existed. It was the $25 bottomless mimosas that caught my attention enough to make sure I visited. Bottomless mimosas?!? Yes please!!

My sister made the reservation, which she moved to a later time without any issues. There are paid parking lots across the street and adjacent to this venue. I paid $20 for all day parking on a Sunday. I probably could have found free parking, but I didn't feel like it.

Walking it, this place is definitely a sports bar. TVs are everywhere. Upon entry you walk into a classic bar. If you walk further back, it is more of an open space, with lot more TVs, and tables set up for brunch. We had to pay a $100 deposit for the table/mimosas.

The menu was better than I expected (I meant to take a picture, sorry!). I ordered chicken and waffles. My friend ordered strawberry cheesecake french toast, and my sister ordered eggs Benedict (all pictured). Honestly, I was scared to order chicken and waffles from anywhere but Roscoe's... But what I got was a good play on the dish in general. It was fried chicken breast strips (thank God, I didn't want bone and I took a gamble by ordering and not asking). These strips were super crispy (which I loved, loved, LOVED), and seasoned very well. There were not traditionally fried either. Whatever they did, I liked it. The waffles came with lots of butter, and strawberries on top.

We went through 4 rounds of bottles. So the bottomless mimosas definitely worth it! They played house music, which wasn't a problem at all. Our waitress Jennie was very attentive. The bathrooms were super clean, which as  female is very much appreciated.

We had an issue with billing. The manager came right to our table, grabbed a seat and tried to resolve the issue as best as he could. He also gave his card with his phone number for us to follow up on the issue with him. Very, very professional.

Would I come back to this place? Most definitely! It is definitely a hidden gem!
This place is a restaurant, bar, danceclub, and a SPEAKEASY, all in one!

ENTER drink
Coat check in front, then a square bar. Weirdest bar ever. Looks like a dive bar in one corner but also a bouji nice bar in another haha

Past the two-faced bar is a dancefloor with a stage for DJ's and live performances, and in the back is a beautiful elegant dining room.

DANCE
As we walked in, there was a local country band doing a live performance on the dancefloor and people were gettin' turnt. It was a great time!! We came back after we ate too lol

EAT
We slurped some nice oysters that were fresh and not sandy. And for dinner, our scallops on a bed of shredded brussel sprouts was phenomenal. Great wine selection as well. 

Went back and danced. Lights dim around 12 and becomes a club with dj pretending to spin a track while actually playing off iTunes lol. Great vibe and really chill

SPEAKEASY
In between the dining room and dancefloor is a shadowy staircase to the basement. There is a door. a phone next to the door. You pick up the phone. you hit the only button. They ask you, "What's the password?" We didn't know! Apparently, there is a new password every hour and you can only get it from someone who was inside before. We got lucky after some people left, rang the phone, said the password, crossed our fingers and went in. 

It was actually lame. Just kidding. Nice chill place to relax before or after you go upstairs for dinner/club. Faux-lounge feel in the back with few couches. Cocktails here are pricey though ~$15

Overall, Vesper was awesome! Eat, dance, drink, play, Vesper!
So, I ended up at Vesper on a whim for a NYE dinner and it paid off. After arriving at another restaurant in which we had reservations, to find a sign on the door stating "Closed due to electrical problems", we Yelped to find another place within the near proximity. I have never even heard of Vesper but once I read a few reviews and saw the rating I decided why not give it a try.

Since it was not on one of the main streets in Philly, I was initially apprehensive. Upon entering the restaurant, there was a staff to greet you in a small vestibule area. They were pleasant and showed us to our seats right away. On this night they had a live local singer/songwriter, Travis McDaniel who was a perfect accompaniment to the evening. Great vocals which seemingly blends jazz, with slashes of pop and funk. And I also could hear a modicum of soul pouring through those vocal chords hand in hand with his side kick guitar. Awesome, original, and fresh talent.

For dinner we dined on a selection of seasonal oysters, jumbo shrimp and the crab cake w/ beurre blanc and kale slaw. The oysters and shrimp tasted like they were plucked straight from the ocean. Succulent and plump. The crab cake was satisfying and filling and gets a solid 7.5-8/10. It's hard not to compare crab cakes to my beloved Maryland crab cakes but these were not bad. Less filler is always the best way to go. Dinner was gratifying and few complaints.

Vesper is multidimensional as its downstairs houses a club. It was not or shall I say had not opened while we were there but after reading the reviews and seeing people talk about the password protected door, it intrigued me. Maybe another time, depending on the age group it caters to.

The decor could be a bit more updated as the decor seemed heavy but it was not distasteful just seems a smig dated with the heavy curtains and wood elements and tray ceilings.

I like Vesper, I really did. It was just a fun and spontaneous evening which turned out to be a god one.
The epitome of "doing too much".

It's a club, restaurant, and speakeasy?

We skipped the food which looked decent, yet small. 

The basement lounge needs a password to get into - which is cute, but slightly tacky. 

The bartender in the basement was excellent at half of his job - making drinks - but had a bit of a cocky attitude and ended up ruining what would've been a great bartender/bargoer relationship. 

Both cocktails were fantastic. The second one I ordered was priced at 20$, steep by any reasonable standard. After ordering, I received the blunt question, "that one is twenty dollars, can you afford it?". Underdressed and relatively younger than the rest of the clientele, I couldn't tell if he was kidding. I called him out on it. I could afford it, and I paid for it, but I left afterwards with a sour taste.
DEFINITELY COME HERE!!
The place was recommended to me by a friend. So my friends and I decided to try it for her 25th Birthday. We went on a Saturday night arriving around 11pm. Danny and a sweet girl with short red hair greeted us at the door. They were super friendly.

My friends and I went inside and were served excellent drinks by a female bartender with blonde hair. The drinks were perfect! (I received drinks from other bartenders throughout the night but her mixes were by far the best.) I wish I would have gotten her name. 

The place first looks quiet in the immediate entryway. As you walk further back you approach the club area. There was a bar to the left and to the right there were tables a dj and open space to dance. The dj was definitely free-styling. It was a mix of hip-hop, r&b, rap, trap, spanish, reggaeton, and some house music. The djs transitions and remixes were incredibly smooth and in sync. Seeing as a lot of my friends are djs I can tell when music is preplanned and the transitions are choppy. This Dj was a pro and was keeping up with the vibe of the crowd. Everyone was dancing. They even had some girls dancing on the ledges of the wall. 


Seeing as it was packed my friends and I stayed near the fans located by the bar to stay cool while we danced our hearts out. 

There was security throughout the club and they continued to move their positions keeping an eye on everyone. It felt very safe. There was a downstairs area that I never got to see. I'm not sure if it's just a bar or another club set up. I definitely will be back so next time I plan to explore more.
Well, very sad situation.  Made a reservation to dine there last weekend.  No mention was made of the fact that the hallowed Vesper Club has closed its doors and moved across the street to the basement (yes - the basement) of the Racket Club.  Enjoyed a drink at the bar with the very personable bartender, Joe.  But our experience went downhill in the dining room.  Prices very expensive and menu limited (no more flounder stuffed with crabmeat)  The snapper soup was over $7. and was barely warm.  It was straight out of a can as were the vegetables on the side.  The entree was also served warm with processed mashed potatoes.  I would never return - and this is a place that was a favorite of our family for decades.
These guys have a lot of kinks to work out before they can really take off. 

My wife and I came out for dinner last night. The dining area was full Of people but the vibe was strange. No music, bad lighting and not much fun energy for a supper club.  

We were seated by a really nice hostess and then we waited and waited. For about 15 minutes (which seems like a very long time in this type of atmosphere) no one showed up. Not to say I will be right with you, not to pour us water, not to ask of we wanted a drink, nothing!

Two or three waiters and waitresses took care of the tables surrounding us, yet silence at our table. 

So, feeling the bad overall vibe, we got
Up and left. Went to Alma de Cuba, gladly waited for a table for 45 minutes while having drinks in a very vibrant atmosphere and had an amazing meal and a great time!  

Maybe the food is good maybe it's not, but the bad vibe would have dampened our experience one way or the other. To add insult to injury, when I called to reserve I explained that this was our 15 year anniversary and I wanted my wife to have a good experience.
Danny is super friendly and greets you as you walk in! He also walks around the place and periodically checks in with the tables, which I thought was really great. 

One of the waitresses was a bit rude though. I noticed a girl was struggling with her bill and calculating tip, so I went over to help, and her waitress as much as told me to mind my own business.
Vesper was an excellent choice for a Restaurant Week meal.  The whole experience was enjoyable and isn't that what dining out is all about?  We all tried and shared so many items off of the Restaurant Week menu that it is hard to comment on everything.  We did begin with a raw seafood sampler that was not on the special menu but included oysters, crab meat, and shrimps with various sauces.  A good beginning!  Now to the Restaurant Week items themselves.  The warm rolls and salads were fine, the entrees for the most part didn't disappoint, and there was a choice of chocolate or cheesecake for dessert.  I thought the lobster ravioli could use some more seasoning and the spaetzle that came with the tender braised short ribs was too dried out but the scallops and roasted Brussels sprouts were right on.  Service by Rocco was both efficient and very friendly and we enjoyed a couple of good bottles of dry Italian wine which added to the dinner.  In addition to the food and wine, there was an excellent singer from Northern Ireland providing music.  (He usually sings on Wednesday nights and has a nice repertoire of songs that he covers.)  The general manager John also checked in with us....especially to aid in the wine selections.  All in all, Vesper was a really good Restaurant week choice!
Went here with family for their Bottomless Mimosa Brunch. For $25, you get bottomless (and I mean bottomless) mimosas from 11am to 4pm. We were there from about 12 to 5 drinking and eating. Food is not included in the $25. Our cousin did have to charge $100 (4 ppl @ $25/ea) on his card when he arrived. Not sure why that policy is in place and I didn't know when I made the reservation that was necessary. 

Between 3 people (my husband was hungover from he night before, so he only had 1 mimosa lol), we finished 6 bottles of champagne. The server and the other staff were friendly.  Our waitress would stop by and refill everyone's glasses and bring a new bottle or more orange juice. She also brought my hubby Advil, which was much appreciated. 

Food wasn't bad or overpriced. Just nothing out of the ordinary. Music was great but it just seemed a little early for flashing (disco) lights at brunch. I asked if they could be turned off but they weren't allowed to. Lots of TVs to watch the 2 championship games on.  Let's go, Eagles! 

Towards around 5pm, we were asked if we would move to the bar area as people had reserved tables in that area for the Eagles vs Vikings game. Not a problem. We were allowed to take our remaining mimosas to the other area. We hung out there for awhile and finished our drinks. 

May go back for another round with some girlfriends.
Over priced frat house is the best way to describe this 'so called Speak Easy.' We walked in, told the hostess we had a reservation, she couldn't find it and told us to go have drinks at the bar until a table was available. We walked directly into the bar area where there was a bunch of loud obnoxious drunk guys, we kept going to the back bar area where there were a few modern looking sofas and sat down. Waited FOREVER for the cocktail server to take our order & bring it back to us. Meanwhile, the dining area was completely visible and totally empty. We waited an hour before they seated us. The server wanted to go home and told us so numerous times. The food was so so and ungodly overpriced.

While waiting for our food to be delivered we asked the server what was so 'Speak Easy' about the place, he told us there was a 'Members Only' nite club in the basement....I guess you have to own a 1980s Members Only jacket to get into a 1930s themed nite club that plays 2017 music!

About a year later (last month) 4 of us went to see if the 'renovations' had helped but sadly, they did not. This time, no hostess to direct people so we went to the bar....once again loud obnoxious drunk guys, the bartender's arse was literally hanging out of her dress, I was very happy she didn't turn around. The male bartender walked past us multiple times, after 10 minutes of waiting to even be acknowledged, we walked out.

I will DEFINITELY NEVER go back and I would DEFINITELY NOT recommend this place. It truly is a nasty frat house with half naked women.
Loving the redone style, Vesper! 

Was very surprised that on a late Tuesday night, this place still had a live, talented artist playing and there was a decent amount of people inside. 

The drinks are...legit. So given that I am a recent college grad and am only recently developing a palette away from vodka in plastic handles, I was surprised. The martini, the manhattan, the cosmo, all legit. No frills, no fruity add-ons. Like Ron from Parks and Recs would probably love this place. While I might just opt for a fruity drink next time, I appreciate the vibe they have going and how they are true to their image. 

Friendly staff!
This place was weird hahaha. I came here for a friends birthday brunch and it felt like I was back in college! 
If you like ratchet, this is the place to come. Old school music, champagne just going around, and old people dancing like no tomorrow.

Our table wasn't big enough for our group, so a few of us sat up on the ledge. 
The food takes a while to come out, and its just okay. They surprisingly have a decent menu!

I also realized they were low on staff members, I felt bad for the two servers who were basically trying their best to please everyone
Stef works there... how can you not love this place? 

Of note:

* Cocktails are the real deal.
* Staff is cool as shit. 
* Food is scrumptious. 
* Decent beer on draft and nice bottle options.
* Outstanding Whiskey selection
* Live music
* Hidden little Speakeasy style spot downstairs on select nights
 
Feels like you're off the beaten path even though you're in the middle of center city.
This is a classic supper club with live music, rat pack decor and American food the real reason I came here was for the specialty cocktails which were good but not spectacular. My lady ordered the prosecco mixed cocktail and we didn't finish it. I would go back because it's a friendly fun place though.
Second time around I came to Vesper for Saturday Brunch and I am less than impressed. 

There were issues as soon as my group walked in the door. The service is horrible. The girls/waitresses are so slow and with the music being so loud inside they can barely hear you. The brunch menu isn't that big, but who gives one menu for a party of 5 to share? what? weird. The staff didn't even bring water to the table. That is literally the first thing you always do when you have a customer come in to your establishment: water.

Our group ordered our for and when it was finally served .... they forgot my order - COMPLETELY. the gentleman who came from the kitchen had to ask me what I ordered. I said the waffles. he brought me 1 waffle... I then tell him how I ordered the "waffle with strawberries and whipped cream". The waffle was taken back into the kitchen and then brought back out with 2 strawberries and a scoop of whipped cream. I was over it at that point. The waffle wasn't even that good. 

The "bottomless mimosa" for $25 is their "perk", but like I mentioned above the service is slow so it takes FOREVER for another bottle to be brought to your table. is that on purpose? so when it's 4:00PM they say "nope sorry... bottomless mimosa time is over." 

I won't be back as there are so many nicer brunch options in the city.
On Sydenham Street between 15th/16th and Walnut/Locust streets, Vesper is hidden away in the heart of Center City. And shouldn't that be the case? After all, it is a supper club with a speakeasy hidden within (psst: it's behind the bookcase by the hostess stand). In 1901, the original Vesper club was chartered by the Mummers and throughout the next century, it was home to folks seeking reprieve from Prohibition with bathtub gin stills and mob ties leaving their mark. In 2015, the trio of Brendan Smith, Chuck Ercole, and John Barry re-imagined Vesper to be a Philly destination to enjoy a refined night out, without any pretension. 

Whiskey Smash | Old Fashioned | Moscow Mule | Vesper [$13 each]

The eponymous Vesper cocktail was smooth and boozy, with Bluecoat Gin featured along with vodka and Cocchi Americano. I enjoyed the Whiskey Smash, which had the bite of whiskey, muddled in the fashion of a Mint Julep with a citrusy twist. And who can say no to a properly made Old Fashioned or the ginger effervescence of a Moscow Mule? 

Bread Service

Bread service consists of house-baked bread - warm, crusty, and fluffy within. A pat of chive butter melted easily and created a satisfying start to the meal.

Caprese Tower [$12]
Broken balsamic, basil oil

The meal proper started off with a tower of thick-cut and ripe tomatoes, stacked with fresh mozzarella. Balsamic and basil oil drizzle complemented each bite, providing a twist on the classic caprese.  

Scallops & Chorizo

Skewers of savory-sweet scallops and house-smoked chorizo provided a nice interplay between textures and tastes, with red pepper providing a fresh reprieve. Oh, and the scallops were from Hokkaido, giving you a sense of the quality of ingredients available at Vesper.

Hog Wings [$12]
House-made spicy honey BBQ, summer slaw

One of the big hits of the night had to be the hog wings. Currently off-menu and soon to be featured on both the regular menu and during Happy Hour, these are a must. Properly frenched in lollipop fashion, these nuggets of pork joy are tender as can be and will fall off the bone in one fell swoop. The spicy sauce is tempered by honey and the summer slaw of watermelon radish, carrots, and parsnips provided a countervailing element to the pork. 

Lobster Ravioli [$28]
Sauteed leeks, roasted spring squash

Lobster ravioli were generously portioned and cooked nicely al dente. The sauce was rich and smoky, with the tender, sweet lobster still shining through. The sauteed leeks and roasted spring squash provided even more depth to each bite. 

Chilean Seabass [$38]
Rehydrated cherry risotto, pistachio pesto 

We could not get enough of the Chilean sea bass. A stunner of a dish and possibly the best of the night, the fish was cooked perfectly. Delicately seared and firm, yet flaky, Chef Mullen's deft touch with the seasoning on the fish was reasonable considering the punch of flavor from the rich risotto and flavorful pistachio pesto. Definitely coming back for this! 

Seared Lamb Loin [$32]
Ratatouille 

Lamb loin cut like butter and easily ate like filet, with the light, grassy notes reminding you this was lamb. The bed of ratatouille was sweet, earthy, and had enough acid to counter the lamb.

Duroc Pork Rib Chop [$36]
Potato and Swiss Chard Gratin

Vesper doesn't kid around with the quality of its ingredients. The brined Duroc Pork Rib Chop was moist, juicy, and nicely crusted on the exterior. And the potato and swiss chard gratin? Pure heaven, with the swiss chard almost eating like creamed spinach, but with more texture, especially with the potato gratin and crusted mozzarella on top. Even if you don't get this dish, you'd be remiss if you didn't order the gratin as a side!  

Chocolate Cake & Cheesecake 

At this point we were clearly stuffed, but dessert came in the form of a chocolate cake that was light, moist, and had a decadent ganache. The cheesecake was a clear winner in my book as well. So much so that it stacks up with Junior's in NY. It had just the right amount of tang and creaminess, with an ephemeral texture that made me think there was ricotta involved. So light in fact, it almost felt as though it evaporated upon mastication. If only that were the case with the waistline after a night like this.  

Chef Mullen's clearly killing it in the kitchen and service was beyond reproach. I know I'll be by again to check out the speakeasy downstairs, perhaps after popping in for some hog wings during Happy Hour. Then again, I can easily see that turning into another night salivating over more of the Chilean Sea bass and and cheesecake.
I'm belated in this review
We excitedly went opening weekend and showed up way too early in the bar downstairs --like AARP early 
It wasn't terribly hard to find in the alley which was nice 
We had our password and called the bartender downstairs with the phone on the left as you enter and then the door opened to the dark and seductive bar below

The bartenders were very accommodating even though they had barely set up everything!
They were super knowledgeable and passionate about craft cocktails and made delicious off the cuff drinks to boot so it definitely entertained us for the 2hrs until more people actually started to show up
What can I say?? I get excited about new cocktail places!!

Very nice selection of standard drinks on their menu, I liked their twists like Corpse Reviver with Cocchi Americano vs Lillet Blanc
They also made some reinterpreted versions of a Clover Club that I really enjoyed
Drinks were around $15-18ish which is to be expected for all of the work they do/different ingredients that go into the cocktail

At the time they did not have Genever or egg whites for any drinks so I was a bit bummed but they did have some interesting simple syrups and shrubs so I will definitely be coming back!

We only drank in the downstairs bar so I can't comment on the food but I will say the drinks and atmosphere etc were fantastic! Will definitely come back again...just not so early on a Friday night ;)

Note: its a cellar/basement so not only can you not get cell phone service down there but also I read online they don't allow cell phones down there which I actually really appreciate in today's day and age of everyone with their phones out on the table or constantly flipping through fb or instagram, its very distracting!
There's a general hierarchy of etiquette inmho-- which places real people/company over anything on your phone so just put it away and enjoy the moment!
Came into Vesper over the weekend, as I was looking for a cocktail bar near my house, that I haven't been to yet.  Yelp shows Vesper, which my roommate said was a private club. However, they recently opened up to the public! To my surprise!  Don't be intimidated when you walk up to the door, there are several door-men but they are all very friendly.

The main floor is a cocktail lounge, mixology type style. There's a long bar, with several TV's. The back room is also large, with a piano and small stage for a guitarist or small band.  There was a single guitarist playing fun cover songs when I was there Friday.  He was really good!  The drinks were also very good, I had a gin drink from the cocktail menu, with lemon and champagne in it.  My friends had a Manhattan style drink which they really liked. My only suggestion would be a larger cocktail menu. For the complex bar and ingredients they offer, there weren't very many drinks on the menu, which kept me wondering what else they can make. 

The downstairs basement is another story... 
There's a "secret" door in the basement with a telephone attached. You type in the passcode on the telephone for the door to open. Behind the door is a pretty big looking night club, with bumping music. I didn't get a good look inside, but it was awkward seeing people waiting in line because they may or may not know the password. Awakward! Just let someone in why don't ya? 

The crowd was strange, a mix of everyone. It seemed like all the old "parents" were upstairs enjoying the cocktail lounge, while their "kids" in tight dresses and high heels were partying downstairs a the club.  Different and slightly weird!  But overall, they did a great job gutting this place and making it fancy with great drinks, music, and atmosphere. I'll be back!
Went here for my friend's surprise party. 

The whole service team was inflexible and grumpy, 'harshing' the ~vibes~ of our enthusiastic group. 

Specifically, the Bartender was unhelpful and cold beginning even before anyone had ordered a drink. She spent half the night scrolling through instagram and rolling her eyes at the birthday girl when she was just trying to order drinks for her parents. 

Bathroom facilities were nice.
A COLLEGE PUB MASQUERADING AS A FINE DINING RESTAURANT!  We held a party in the Speakeasy.  The "Mediterranean" station included items like guacamole and chips instead of roasted vegetables and olives.  Plates ran out several time as did the food and guests had to wait throughout the night to access the food because of this.  The quality of the food was very low, what I would expect at a free happy hour... Hormel pepperoni and pre-packaged sliced cheese!  The bar ran out of martini glasses about an hour in and resorted to serving drinks in miniature champagne saucers for the rest of the night.  We were contracted for 3 hours of passed food from 6-9 PM.  The passed food did not start until almost 7:00PM, a full hour into the party, and ended before 8:00PM with plates of food being simply left around the room.  The food that was passed for less than an hour was miniature, except for the shrimp - the highlight of the night except they served about 20... we had 46 guests!  After speaking with the catering manager we learned there was some major problem with the kitchen or another party that night and they admitted we were short changed.  We requested a 50% refund on the food bill, a fair concession considering they delivered less than 1/3 of what was paid for.  But the GM/Owner later produced a fake contract (no joke!) and defended their service to the ground.  They offered a GC to the restaurant for dinner for 2 and blamed us for not complaining more profusely during the party.  I produce events all over the city and by far this was the biggest rip off and most disappointing service and management team I've encountered.
Went to Vesper last night for my sisters' birthday and had a great time! When you first walk in there's the main bar and some tables. It's pretty low key. Then as you make your way to the back there's a another bar to the left and the dance floor with tables and the DJ to the right. It was packed and everyone seemed to be having a good time. No signs of drama. Security sprinkled throughout. The Music was great! A nice hip hop mix with smooth transitions. I would definitely come back and do recommend you check this place out when downtown.
The door man and even having a door man is a waste of time!!!  I will blow you up on social media, door man if you continue to treat customers the way you did tonight, door man! This jerk wouldn't let us back in even though he saw us step outside said they were at full capacity at 11 on a Saturday night was lying.  You are a door man!!!  He then said if we try to go in he will Not let us in as he was inside holding the door so we couldn't open it.... Seriously. You are a door man!!! This place is terrible! Don't waste your time because they create a line outside to make it look "important".  At the end of a day he's a door man!! Get off your high horse, door man! You suck!!
Well this place has certainly changed since my last review.. I came for Sunday brunch during Eagles season and wow.. the only word to describe this place is EXTRA..and also probably LIT. 

So, I walk in and was kinda confused why I was IDed at the door by a bouncer for a brunch spot (and last time I came for night drink so made sense) but then I walked in and noticed all the servers were like club servers wearing booty shorts and crop tops?? Int.. 

I'm seated and requested water cause I was recovering from the previous night. Nope..only bottled Fiji water. Um?? 

Then our bottomless starts ($25 pp) and out come all these booty short ladies doing the whole club sparkler thing..say whaa?? EXTRA I SAY EXTRAA. At first I was overwhelmed and still annoyed by my $7 small Fiji but as the mimosas were flowing and each bottle came with excitement and pizzazass and the Football commercial breaks were dj-ed with hype music, I started to really warm up to this place. 

It was a sports bar...but a club! 

Prepare for extra..people were wearing sports jerseys but like hair done and makeup done (my group did not know this and kinda just showed up lol). You'll get turnt (bottomless ends at 4) and you'll be dancing the morning away! 

I'm glad Philly got a NYesque brunch spot!!
Stopped by on a Saturday night about 10:30 pm, and it was still pretty quiet inside. We tried to go down to the speakeasy, but they were apparently closed in preparation for some event their doing later in June. 

So we stayed at the upstairs bar, which quickly got more crowded as it got closer to midnight. The bartenders were friendly and fun and made our drinks with a touch of panache. They were definitely a little pricy, but they were very tasty, and we were prepared to pay a little more for the atmosphere. As it got closer to midnight, they turned the lights down and lit the place up with more neon lights and a DJ started spinning tracks. It seems like it turns into much more of a club type atmosphere. We were tired, so we left pretty soon after they made the transition into the club, but it looked like people were having fun!
Possibly the most sexist bar in Philly that isn't a strip club.  Female employees are (forced?) to wear corsets with their bottoms fully exposed. Male employees wear black pants and long sleeved shirts, exposing nothing and protecting everything. It's ridiculous and patently offensive. I'm sorry they got one drinks worth of money out of me. This is not acceptable.
I came here for happy hour a few weeks ago and was slightly disappointed. There didn't really seem to be a set HH menu and the waitress recited it to us so fast it was hard to remember. My friend and I ended up just getting a glass of wine each ($6 HH price) then leaving because the place was so empty and we were kinda hoping for an interesting happy hour menu.
Big fan of this spot. Excellent cocktails and the vibe is chill and slowly ramps up through the night. A piano and a stage in the back, people dancing with their loved one, and a lobster night deal on wednesday nights make this an easy place to fall for. 

I'm ooking forward to paying closer attention to events and music that they have there as it would be a great place to listen to some jazz and have a drink to forget.
Awesome new version of the grand old lady. The Vesper 'Club', while fabulous in its day, had shown her age in her last few years. This new incarnation, open to the public, saved all the old but shined her up like a new penny. Terrific on all levels. Come on in, enjoy a real cocktail.
Had reservations for 7:45. We showed up at 7:40 and were told to wait at the bar until the table was ready. That's fine. We went to the bar and we're not waited on for 12 minutes. Finally we got our drinks and as we get our drinks our table is ready, so we closed out at the bar and headed to our table. We waited 15 minutes at our table before anyone came to us to even fill our water and ask how we were doing. The couple at the table next to us were waited on well before us and they were seated after. Finally we get our orders in. The food was acceptable. Not great. Not highly recommendable. But not bad either. The portions were very small. 

I asked for the check and the waiter brought it over. While he was at our table, he refilled my water as well. While doing so, he spilled my glass and it spilled all over my pants. As I went to grab MY napkin on the table to dry my pants, the waiter grabbed it from my reach and started wiping the table with it. I told him that I was going to dry myself first and he said he would get me another one and then took his time to go get me another one. 

This place has a nice setup. Good mood lighting. A live band. It has all the tools to succeed but the service is just terrible. I would not recommend it.
Do NOT bring your children here for brunch! 
Ok. Now that we have that out of the way. I'm a grown woman with children. However, I do still enjoy a good time.
When you get in, they take your ID and your credit card. Very confusing and they don't explain it well. However, once you have experienced  this place, you get it. 
This place is a club. No way around that one. I'm glad we got here at 1130 and ate our food before the party started. My friend got the steak and eggs and I got huevos racheros. I did have to get a side of bacon because it really did not seem like enough food without it. Both were decent meals but wouldn't particularly come back for either. The DJ got there around 1230pm but it felt like 1am with the disco lights and loud music. No clean versions of songs, dancing on tables, the whole 9.
It was a good time, don't get me wrong... I just needed to be prepared for the environment I was coming in to!
Cool brunch spot. We were placed in the "sky top area". If you're young and celebrating this is a great place to go. I had brunch for my birthday here and had a blast. Mimosas were good and our waitress was a sweetheart. She made the experience even better. Downstairs was where the party was really at, people were having brunch in the area that looked like a club. DJ was good. One tip, just pay on one card and have everyone reimburse you. I used my card to "hold" and the club's policy is to charge then refund. So I paid for everyone's brunch and now the additional of what they should have charged. Still waiting for my refund. I was told it takes 3-7 days.
Me and my husband went to vesper for the New Year's Eve party. What a waste of money. They said there would be food for every guest. Well that was 100% a lie. My husband didn't eat, looking forward to the food that would be provided because we spent a hefty penny to go. Well we looked on every floor for the food. It was only on one floor and by the time we got to it, it was all gone! The only thing left was asparagus. Which was repulsive looking. So upset with what was provided. Never will come again. What a waste of money
My friend and I bought tickets to the Halloween party here last night and they refused to let us in. I know, your first thought is, "oh you must have been too drunk." Negative. Seemed like they were turning people away around a certain time for exclusivity or something. My friend tried reasoning with them and the bouncers, who were complete assholes, wouldn't listen to him. I don't go out often but I definitely won't ever come here again. First and last time.
The short version of this review is the the customer service is horrible and reservations are not honored.

After making a reservation about a month prior I was informed that my seating could not be accommodated in the main room because there was a change in management. The management did not hand over any prior reservations and the only ones that were honored were the ones hand written on a piece of computer paper. This whole time I was talking to Tim who is apparently the owner and after dealing with him I'm thinking he may want to be a silent partner but I digress. Tim took me to the main area to tell me that it is only for "bigger parties" and my party of four would only be able to sit in there on a slow day. He told me that even if my reservation was passed on that we would be "bumped" for bigger parties because they need the space. We made a comment about how that was not a good business practice and he just shrugged his shoulders. At that time he offered us a table by the bar/by the door and we would still be able to "freely float" between the table and main room. I expressed my concern with that because I am not ok with leaving cups and food unattended because there is the possibility of anything happening to my food or drinks, worse case drugging. Tim then became very upset and started yelling at me accusing me of yelling at  him and insinuating that I have been drugged in his establishment. I informed him that I was not yelling and I did not say I was drugged. I then asked if he was going to help me as promised or not, he then told me to leave. While I understand that it may be a hectic time because all of the management left/was fired, I will not accept being treated and talked to any kind of way because of internal issues.
They tried to ruin my friends birthday party. First I just want to say the guy that was the host was so rude!!!!!!! The way he spoke to myself and my friends was disgusting!!! I'm convinced they only want 1 black group in the party room at a time. I booked the reservation a MONTH in advance on open table! I also called to make sure our table was specifically in the party room, as it states on here you must call to be seated there! I received an email confirmation directly from Vesper for December 1st as well as my confirmation from Open Table. We get there and we were told I only have 1 reservation under my name and it's not for the party room. My friend had other guest there waiting as well, who all made their own reservations and none of them could be found either. Like I said, get there 30mins before your time if you are black. If another black group gets there first, your reservation will mysteriously disappear! Never again will I return here!!!!!!
Very nice venue but I'm not sure about the theme here. 

There's a live band in the main floor and there's a secret room downstairs with a DJ. When I walked in, I felt like it was the perfect spot for: all the single ladies, all the single ladies - Now, put your hands up! We checked out the venue and went upstairs to take a seat. There was plenty of availability.

 Also the place is a restaurant but not a quiet one at all. On Saturday night, I tried the oysters and the lamb. We ordered two glasses of wine to enjoy. The bill was definitely on the triple $ side. Service was good but not too quick. We never got our glasses of water refilled and it took them a while to give us the oysters which all they need to do is place them on a chilled tray. 

However, as I mentioned, it's a good spot for a girls/guys night out.
Tried to make a reservation for a birthday brunch for Saturday, March 9. 2 of my friends and myself are flying from out of town to surprise our friend and we wanted to make her birthday special. Sent a reservation request on February 26 and March 6 with no response back. The email confirmation noted that someone would be in contact within 24 hours. Very unprofessional. Sounds like a fun place but I would recommend having a back up plan.
If you are looking for an exciting brunch on the weekend, stop by here. Not only is the crab benedict amazing, but the music is also great. The back room can get packed pretty quickly but this is where the magic happens. People are known to climb up and dance on the platform area behind their booths and really get into the music.

I believe I had a burger on another visit and they accidentally put bacon on it so I sent it back. However, other than that, nothing but positive experiences here.
GORGEOUS space.   Tesla Tease's Opium Den show is phenomenal, and the staff there is so wonderful.  Amazing cocktail list and the ambiance is unmatchable.  Can't wait to bring everyone I know.
Went here for the first time last night and was not feeling it at all. For a Saturday night at 10PM, the crowd was lousy. Went to use the restrooms with my girlfriend when we got there and children were throwing poppers into the bathrooms. They were somehow related to the bar as they were going back and forth into the kitchen and were being encouraged by someone in the kitchen. It was really unprofessional on the establishment's part. On our way out, the hosts were encouraging us to come back when the DJ comes, which tells me that they might have a difficult time bringing in crowds. I wouldn't come back here.
What a fun spot! Hidden down a back street in philly, vesper is truly a gem. I've only been there for brunch, however I had the time of my life. When you walk in it has a dive bar theme, but as you walk into the back it turns into a dayclub. You will definitely need reservations if you want to do their day brunch. A group of us went for a friends birthday, and it was 25 dollars a head for bottomless mimosas. There is a DJ, large TVs and an area where you can dance behind your table if you are on the edge of the bar. There is also food for purchase. I got the chicken and waffles and was not disappointed despite it's "nightclub" theme. All in all this is a great place to let loose and have fun!
I've had a lot of fantastic cocktails in my life.  I've talked to interesting bartenders and some even told me some mixology tricks.  I've had bartenders give me a drink on the house, because I settled my tab, finished my drink, and was still waiting for my wife to take her third sip of hers...  At the speakeasy part of Vesper, I think I found the best bartenders I've ever encountered.  Evan and Robin were the most informative and brought hospitality in the bar industry to the next level for me.  My wife had some questions and they poured her a small sample of a liquor.  I asked if I could take a small sip of her glass and I was told by Evan, that he would pour me one.  I ordered a cocktail and I was asked if I liked sour beers, which I do, because the drink tasted like one.  He wanted to be sure that I enjoyed the drink.  

On my next drink, there was some fire involved and Robin setup a scientific experiment for me to see what he was doing.  He set up a glass of water and dipped a spoon in bourbon, lit it and extracted some orange oils into the plain water.  That way, I could see that it wasn't just show, but added a subtle flavor.  Oh, they even let me smell some bitters, which I took them up on, even though I had the exact same one in my home bar.  I did tell Robin that I think they were the best bartenders.  They truly care about their craft.
We had mixed feelings about Vesper.  The positive:  the atmosphere is cool and swanky, the food is absolutely delicious, the staff we encountered were all friendly, the service was decent, there is live music, the cocktails were delicious.  The negative: prices are extremely high for what you get.  Most appetizers/small plates are around $14 and there are about 3 bites of food in each.  The cocktails are all around $13 and are very small.  I would estimate the glasses they are served in are 4 ounces.  For $13 you should get a standard sized cocktail.  The vegetarian pot pie entrée was delicious, but had no crust!  It was just the filling baked into a ceramic container.  As far as the live music, the night we were there they had a bluegrass band.  Not exactly what we expected at a swanky, sophisticated supper club.  Nothing against the band - they were good musicians, but we were not really in the mood for hillbilly music and didn't feel it fit this venue.

All things considered, we are glad we gave it a try, but we blew a lot of money and it really wasn't worth it.
Philly is a great city to go out and experience the cuisine and nightlife. However, each great city has their crappy and overpriced spots. Vesper is one of them. Between overpriced drinks and piss poor service this spot is a must miss!!!
I did not have a wonderful experience at Vesper.  The menu and the food were relatively good but the experience was not great.  My waiter was just terrible and as a customer you just begin to feel trapped because you are at the mercy of when this person is going to come to your table.  It seems like a fun place to get drinks or listen to music but I would not dine here again.
I've been to this swanky spot twice for drinks. The bartenders and staff are always extremely friendly. They have amazing happy hour specials. They also currently have an after-sips happy hour on Wednesdays. The happy hour consists of $10 carafes of red or white wine, yes including the house cab. They also have $8 cocktails and $4 drafts. 

They have awesome snacks on happy hour as well. I really liked the steak dumplings and the sliders. The cheese plate was a crowd pleaser as well. 

I've had two great experiences here. I want to come back and try dinner. They have live music often. You must come try their after sips happy hour this summer!
Came here for a double date during restaurant week with some friends. Inside, is dimly lit and very romantic setting. There was live acoustic music the night we ate here, which was a little loud but still nice. 

For food, we all purchased from the restaurant week menu. The lobster ravioli was amazing! Probably one of the better ones I've had, sauce was not too rich and had a decent portion of lobster meat. The scallops comes with 3, they were cooked perfectly! And lastly the short rib was incredible. Meat fell right off the bone and the chipotle grits served with it was the perfect combination. 

The service was very friendly. I would definitely come back to Vesper to check out their regular menu. Very impressed with my experience.
Came here recently. The building is run down and small. Extremely sexist establishment that requires "bottle servers" to wear lingerie. They over-serve patrons, I saw a limp woman carried out by men. No employees checked on her or asked how she'd get home safely, although it was clear she was served alcohol there to become so inebriated. She was literally dragged out basically unconscious. 
The music/DJ was bad and overall the atmosphere was depressing. There are much better clubs/bars in Philly that are upscale.
So, (spoiler alert) I love this place. They have the best cocktail specials for happy hour in the city. I'm partial to the old fashioneds.

I've come here no fewer than 50 times in the past year but am only now doing a review (forgive me for my selfishness). 

It's a chill spot. Great food and drinks for happy hour, easily accessible, and centrally located. The staff is also amazing--the bartenders Stephanie and Jeanette are two of the most darling and real young women you could have the pleasure of getting to know. The hostesses, wait-staff, and owners are also awesome. They are the definition of "a stranger is a friend you haven't met yet". 

Vesper does a great job of balancing a high class place/feel without the astronomical price. They also have live music several times a week and the ever-present allure of the speakeasy. It's truly a great place and I HIGHLY recommend it for those that won't ruin it for the rest of us (jk).
I came here expecting a cocktail bar. What I walked into instead was some amalgamation of a cocktail bar, a lounge, and a night club. Some how it works and the cocktails ended up being really good (better than I would have expected from a place that is also a club). I went with an old faithful in a Last Word cocktail with mezcal instead of gin. It turned out really well and all in my group liked their drinks as well. They also have a restaurant and a secret downstairs bar that I failed to check out. The decor was a mix of old and new. Service was solid. It's an interesting place and we enjoyed it.
I have been here a few times now for dancing and also for dinner. The food is amazing! if your looking for a nice date night then this is the place. 

Dancing wise this is one of the best venues in Philadelphia I have been in. For the live music they use a separate room with hard wood floors that were chosen specifically for dancing. They are also bringing in live bands for entertainment and dancing, and not just a DJ with a computer. This will quickly be a top Philly dance spot.

I found out about the floor choice talking with the owner. He wanted a venue to let people be people and have fun with each other rather than electronics. He accomplished his goal! This is a place to go to.
This place is Soooo fun! Brunch done right !! Clubbin at noon? I'm in! $25 bottomless mimosas can't be beat & they keep them flowing. Food , drinks, the Flyers on tv, a DJ!!! & dancing ,... what more could I want??? No better place to get out with friends for some serious fun. We all can't wait to go back! Great crowd, friendly & attentive staff. 
In the words of 1 of my besties "I had no clue 'brunch' would be like this!!"
We really liked our dinner + live music date. We weren't up for hanging out at a bar all night but we did want dinner and a bit of a lively scene. We got both a solid meal and a fun atmosphere at Vesper.

We maneuvered through a bustling bar scene to get to our table. From there we listened to 20s music and watched amateur yet talented swing dancing on the dance floor. 

We ordered several of the small(er) plates. The salmon was excellent - cooked perfectly and so were the scallops. We also really liked the mushroom risotto. 

Since Vesper is more of a bar/club the food really exceeded my expectations.
I've been here several times since it opened but just doing a review. They have a great happy hour which usually isn't too crowded. I love their take on fish n chips. They usually have live music but the last time I was there they didn't, disappointed. I wish there was a little more diversity in their performances as well. Overall though, I really like this place...it's one of my main go-to's.
DO NOT COME TO THIS PIECE OF SHIT VENUE! The drinks are garbage, the place smells like rancid dog shit, and the dimwit bouncers were harassing women the entire night. I hope this fuck up of a bar gets shut down immediately
Great vibe and feels like a hidden Gem. Great service and food. Big Fan!
Overpriced drinks which is typical for Philadelphia but usually in that case it is offset by good service. Nope not here. Came here on a Saturday night with a bunch of friends and the bouncer made it a point to come over to us while we were finishing our drink to let us know the place was closed. Meanwhile at least 20 other people to the left and right of us finishing up their drinks he decides to grab our drinks and throw us out and then wait outside instead of getting everyone else out of the bar. All in all just rude people. It's one thing to kick the whole bar out but don't single out 2 people.
Was wooed by the charming hostess Lauren, who deftly recruited my friends and I to come check Vesper out. We had about 30 mins before our main man had to catch a cab to the 30th Street Station, and we'd resolved to get one more last drink, so it was serendipitous that she found us on the street, idling. I'm glad we went in, and I like the sense of experimentation here; Lauren gave us a great tour of the secret lounge and the history behind it. There was a very talented live musician covering everything from Johnny Cash to Pink Floyd. Everybody working there was very attentive and seemed keen on creating a positive experience. I feel like this place is going to be very popular and hoppin' in the near future, especially given its relationship to and proximity with Misconduct Tavern. Will definitely be back, and, again, kudos to Lauren for the guerrilla marketing.
When I heard that Vesper, an old private supper club, was reopening after an extensive renovation, I was excited to check it out.  I went with my boyfriend for post-dinner drinks and had a great experience. The upstairs bar had a great atmosphere and great drinks. We tried some amazing oysters and went to the "speakeasy" downstairs.  

Overall we had a fantastic experience and cannot wait to go back.
Had dinner there recently ,and it was great.Manhattans at the bar ,WoW, you must stop after one or two , but they won't flag you.Nice to see people that are well dressed.  Large French cut pork chop done to perfection. House Merlot was good but not great. Service was courteous and prompt,we changed our minds ,during our fine salads,no one got flustered. Oh, and try the snapper soup one of the best in town.I had no room for desert , but the coffee and the decaf were a nice finish. I hope to go again !
Ughh.. so much potential. This place could be awesome, sadly it isn't. So let me jump right in... the food was horrible. We spent over two bills pre tip, so it's not cheap either, but what a let down. We ordered a seafood tower and the clams were fishy, the oysters were tasteless, and the lobster was slimy. We didn't even come close to attempting to finish it. I never leave oysters..ever. the sea bass looked good, but had absolutely no flavor. Yo, Owner of this place...You have such a solid setup.. change the chef and cooks. I mean even add some salt or something. 
Ok now the good. Server was cool, he tried to recommend and help
Onto the best part and why it has 2 stars In stead of none... drinks were solid and strong. Live music with a guy who sounded just like frank... it becomes a pretty good club later on. I'll come back to drink definitely. Such a shame bc this place could be awesome all around.
When I first walked into the place I'm thinking okay I came to an empty bar. Then I looked around the corner and that's where the actual was. I came for brunch with my friends. Disclaimer you have to put a $100 hold on your table in order to sit down. Next you get bottomless mimosas. And when I say bottomless, bitch I mean bottomless. We ended up getting 7 bottles  the food was really good also and a lot! The dj was lit I may have to have him at a bbq this summer. But def would go again & also bring more people. Just know you'll be spending some money bc gratuity added in! But best brunch I've ever been to. Will def be back bro!
My time at Vesper has been happy hour after work, so I can't speak about the food or music, but I can say the staff is friendly and unlike some places the noise level is low, making it easy to hold a conversation. Tony the Irish Bartender is a great guy, an excellent bartender and will make you feel welcome, as will the others behind the bar. Cheers!
I am pretty certain that this new establishment i not really sure what it wants to be in terms of theme. The main bar is very nice and active, was not really comfortable and oddly configured, the speakeasy was interesting and very well done. The pre-dinner cocktails were very good but a bit overpriced. The menu/dining idea is very conflicted. An example of the food sharing concept is that when a table orders a 24 oz center cut sirloin meant for sharing and it comes to the table whole is a bit ridiculous. I did politely ask the server to take it to the kitchen after presentation for carving but he insisted cutting table side. The result was not good as he did not have the proper knife and was cutting on the plate rather than a cutting board. The result was a plate sliding and shifting on the table and 24 oz of mutilated beef. I was very unimpressed with the preparation and taste of all items except for the crab cocktail which was quite good.
Our first visit to Vesper and a memorable one. Great vibe as we entered, terrific cocktails in the lounge and an awesome meal. Our server helped us navigate the menu, made excellent recommendations and cared for our every need. Scallops with pork belly, prawns and duck were a delicious variety. We shared a large steak that fed us all and shared sweet desserts.
Everyone was welcoming and attentive to our every need. Don't miss the pretzel rolls and mustard butter... over the top!
Well go back soon.
I want to give this place a 5 star because everything was pretty fabulous except for the ambiance. I went here Friday night for a dinner date. We made a reservation for 7pm, which turned out to be completely unnecessary as we were the only ones in the dinning room. I've lived in Philly for almost two years and I know 7 may be a little on the early side, but not to be seated in a dinner room that was empty. The live music that people have raved about didn't start until we were getting ready to leave around 8pm, which was disappointing because I love live music and what we did stay and listen to was very good. 
When we walked in after the small entrance area was a sportslike bar, there were a few people there, it looked like they had come from after work. When we left, this area had filled up and looked like a good place to go to if Misconduct around the corner was to full. 
We walked through to a larger area where there was a stage off to the side. The band played on the small stage, and as we were leaving there was a dance class going on which was kind of neat. 
We then turned into the large empty dinning room. A family left after their dinner shortly after we were seated. A large group did end up coming in. This space felt more like a place to reserve for a larger group. Like an engagement party, or celebratory thing. 
We were seated in a two seat table. Service was awesome. The wait staff was very attentive in filling water, getting our order and answering questions. The food was very good. We got the seafood appetizer which was delicious and perfect for 2. And then we got 3 items from the "second tastes". I thought it was going to be too much food, but we probably could have ordered more. I kind of liked it though because we got to try a lot of different meals. If you're a person who doesn't like to share though I wouldn't recommend doing this, but instead get your own meal. We also both got dessert. I got the cheesecake which was very very good. After the meal I was very content in that I wasn't overstuffed, but the perfect amount of full. 
We each had a different cocktail before dinner which was absolutely great. My date loves cocktails, which is why had gone here. As we were eating Johnny, who I think was a manager came over and chatted with us. When we went to leave Johnny stopped us and asked where we were going. We were headed to Franklin Mortgage for more cocktails when Johnny told us about the speakeasy downstairs. He gave us the password and even came down and paid for our first round. He was super friendly, and the bartenders were even more friendly. They made really great drinks after we told them what we typically liked. Again though the ambiance was lacking. It has a ton of potential but a great spot, but there just weren't many people down there. 
Johnny and the entire wait staff was absolutely fantastic. Super friendly. This place really has everything it needs to be great, it just needs people to go! I'll certainly be back, hopefully with more people.
Super trendy spot with awesome food and great staff..highly recommended.
Go ask for Derm and he will make sure you have a great time. Perfect place for a date with an amazing seafood platter accompanied by soulful live music..
Jeanette and Brian are friendly and extremely attentive bartenders.
Jason is good fun and an excellent server.
Don't miss this spot..
If you're cool enough, they will let you in on a secret. Try it out! My hangout spot for sure!
We had a great time last night for my fiancee's birthday. The Staff went out of their way to accommodate us and couldn't be nicer. Our food, (seafood sampler and scallops & pork belly) were fantastic.
This was my first weekend off in over a decade. I didn't know where to even begin with all of the restaurants in the city. I happened to park in the lot across the street and noticed the sign a few weeks back and was intrigued. I AM SO GLAD I DID MY RESEARCH!!! If you are a Frank Sinatra fan, or ever wished you lived during the prohibition or supper club era, this is a MUST!!! The bar itself is a class act, the dinner music puts you right back to a supper club when music was music, the dinner was out of this world, and to top it all off, a DJ followed which kept the place jumping all night long....for the VIPs in the house.....there's a VERY COOL rotary phone in the front of the house and IF your nice ....you'll get a secret password which will move a secret bookshelf and allow you access to a speakeasy downstairs ....complete with full bar and different music!!! Awesome staff....great drinks ....amazing concept !!!! Total hidden gem and a MUST  TRY.....was too much to appreciate ....
Cool new vibe in the heart of center city  Vesper Sporting Club really has something for everyone!!!
Oh Vesper how you've changed. This went from being a high class, unique, prohibition style restaurant/bar to now ... I don't even know what it is. It's a shady, douchefest 4000 staffed by attractive morons who you have to repeatedly ask for the same things over and over- like water. That's tough to remember, I get it. They had a DJ with lights and fog machine going while simultaneously serving mimosas and brunch. That made the food impossible to see and disgusting to eat. A fog machine on Sunday at 10AM. Really. It was weird and sad.
I feel the need to update my review-- that's how much it's changed!! And for the worse unfortunately

Went there on a Friday evening and had dinner -- skip the food, it's overpriced and not very tasty/nor fresh tasting but I was there for cocktails
We easily get into the basement lounge on a Friday at 9 which should have been warning flag #1

This place doesn't know what it wants to be--
Do you want it to be an upscale cocktail lounge or a late night dance club party place for 22yr olds??
The music and clientele and dress spoke to the latter
People in sneakers and baseball hats??! Blasting EDM...
And then the final nail in the coffin
They got rid of our favorite talented bartender Jesse and replaced him with hacks
Everything we had was overpriced and flavorless
It was clear they didn't have a clue about true cocktail making -- all of the Bartenders choice drinks were unbalanced and used odd ingredients just for the sake of bravado and when I asked more questions it was evident they staff behind the bar wasn't trained enough about spirits -- who doesn't know what a genever is? Or about different bitters...

I know me some good cocktails (Employees Only, Death & Co, Milk & Honey before they closed....)
I rescind my previous recommendation, avoid this place like the plague
After moving to PA a few days ago, my girlfriend and I are on a quest to find the best brunch spots in Philly and surrounding areas, and this was our first spot.

We appreciate that this place does brunch both on Saturday and Sunday, we don't see that a lot where we're friends. We were pretty surprised at the price of endless mimosas, $25 for just drinks. Where we're from endless mimosas are usually between $12-16, for $25 we could get an endless breakfast brunch. 

The food was ok. I got the chicken and waffles which I was a bit disappointed in. The chicken was more like adult chicken tenders and not fried chicken wings. The breading they had was very interesting but I hate it nonetheless. I would've appreciated some actual wings or something like that.

The atmosphere was pretty fun, we got there at 12:30 and were the only ppl there. Next time we will make a reservation so we can come later once it starts getting full. The music was decent but definitely started picking up once we were ready to go around 4pm.

All in all it was a cool experience for our first Philly brunch. Not sure if we would do it again on our own, maybe when we have friends in town.
The ambiance and decor was retro in nature. The restaurant gave the feel of a prohibition erase juke joint. The staff was friendly but the water stained ceiling put a real damper on the evening. 

Went her for restaurant week and while the food tasted ok, it was nothing to write home about. I had the bone marrow for my appetizer,  braised short rib for my entree, and the salted caramel cheesecake for dessert. The bone marrow was flavorful but not filling. The short rib was succulent and the Cheesecake was great.

The best part of the meal for me were the warm rolls served with a tasty herb butter. Unfortunately,  this place will have to go on my one & done list.
The atmosphere is fun, and I would love this place..... if they lived up to the food aspect of the experience. The food is mediocre and pricey for what they are selling. Not to mention the items on the online menu are not what is on their menu at the restaurant. Also, theres no coffee. Enough said. If you're looking for a fun time with food that is just ok, Enjoy!
My boyfriend and I went here for a Saturday date night, and I must say it was one of the best meals I've had in a long time. We started with the raw bar sampler-I think we both would have preferred more of the raw seafood (oysters), but the prawns and crabmeat that came with it were delicious. For our entrees my boyfriend got the Chilean sea bass over a risotto that I tried and was delicious; I had the scallops over a potato and pancetta hash-the scallops were cooked to perfection, so buttery and smooth. For dessert we had the chocolate cake, super rich but was perfect to share. 

The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 was the volume of the singer/music, wayyyy too loud.  There were points of the meal where I was almost shouting across our small table just so my boyfriend could hear me.
So, (spoiler alert) I love this place. They have the best cocktail specials for happy hour in the city. I'm partial to the old fashioneds.

I've come here no fewer than 50 times in the past year but am only now doing a review (forgive me for my selfishness). 

It's a chill spot. Great food and drinks for happy hour, easily accessible, and centrally located. The staff is also amazing--the bartenders Stephanie and Jeanette are two of the most darling and real young women you could have the pleasure of getting to know. The hostesses, wait-staff, and owners are also awesome. They are the definition of "a stranger is a friend you haven't met yet". 

Vesper does a great job of balancing a high class place/feel without the astronomical price. They also have live music several times a week and the ever-present allure of the speakeasy. It's truly a great place and I HIGHLY recommend it for those that won't ruin it for the rest of us (jk).

UPDATE:: John, the manager (who also happens to give amazing hugs) went on a search for me for some, ahem, feminine products, and when he didn't find it among the female staff WENT AND BOUGHT THEM FOR ME!!!! I don't even think my bf and I are there yet haha! This bar will literally fulfill all your needs! vesper and the awesome staff here
I have always wanted to check out Vesper since they reopened as a restaurant some time ago. I never made it until recently and the experience was very pleasant. It was myself and two others on a Thursday night during restaurant week. When we arrived (two of the three) we were happily welcomed and taken to our table. While we waited for our third guest our server Rachel greeted us and took our drink orders. Online, the menu said that they carried a particular wine that we liked. However, upon ordering that wine we were informed that they no longer carried that bottle in house. We ordered two other classes of wine and waited for our guest. 
      Once he arrived at the table Rachel was prompt to approach and asked if he wanted a drink. She returned with his drink and asked if we were ready to order. We had some questions about the menu which Rachel was happy to answer. Our first course we had caesar salads (we asked for anchovies on top)  and lamb belly. The caesar was good, the dressing tasted homemade, and the lamb belly was really good; it tasted like a smoked brisket. For entrees we had the duroc pork rib chop ( w/ fingerling potatoes & cauliflower) and seared scallops (corn & bacon hash, citrus reduction). The pork chops were cooked just right and had great flavor. The scallops were seared perfectly and not overcooked. We decided to skip on desert because we were all full from dinner. Overall, our server Rachel was excellent, the food was very good, but the atmosphere was dull for a dinning room experience. Will be back to try again during another time other than restaurant week.
I went for brunch on a Sunday to celebrate my cousin's birthday & I did not want to leave! I had the Crab Bennies which were pretty good, and the bottomless mimosas were meh, but the DJ.........was JAMMING! Like I really felt like it was 11:30pm on a Friday night and it was only like 1:30 in the afternoon. The atmosphere was perfect for some serious early afternoon partying. It reminded me of being in a casino, your sense of time is totally warped, but it was soooo worth it. FYI-I think it's a mandatory $20 or $30 bottomless mimosa fee to sit in the "cool kids" room. But if you got it, go for it. It was a great experience and I'm looking forward to doing it again!
This past weekend I went o Vesper for dinner and dancing and had a really good time. We started on the second floor where our Server Ryan took really good care of us. I ordered the cheesesteak egg rolls and turkey burger with fries and I devoured it all. Someone at the table ordered the Bang Bang Shrimp and they were almost as good as Bone Fish Grill.

Our party was later escorted to our table in the nightclub area where our attendant Angel provided us with a bottle service menu and completed our table setup. She was attentive and friendly which allowed us to enjoy our evening.
After a great dinner my friends and I wanted to try something new. Vesper has this "old school" feel to it. The drinks are classic and you can tell the bartenders take this time when making one for you. The night we went there was a band playing. Music was ok, but man was it loud!! Definitely not a place where you can have a convo with the people you're with since everyone is yelling haha
The decor here is different as well. I loved the wallpaper in the back room. Plenty of space for dancing too. I might try coming on a different night when the music is different. Overall my experience was nice.
I've passed by here multiple times, but never came in. We heard it was good for dancing so decided to come for a friend's birthday.

There was a $10 cover and coat check as soon as you walk in. The first room is a bar with big TV screens. If you're looking for a cheap-er night, this is not the place. We bought around of shots and not only was it horrible rail alcohol, but the price tag made us raise our eyebrows a bit. Can't speak to the beer prices, as we didn't get any. 

At first we were skeptical about the dancing situation, because we couldn't really hear any music BUT we were surprised to not only find the dance floor in a different area of first floor but also that the DJ was killin' it! Great mix of throw backs & current hits. We had a great time dancing with our group of friends and other friends came and met us there.
This place is fantastic for an upbeat party brunch! The bottomless mimosas are $25 and they give you your own bottle of champagne and a carafe of OJ. The food is great, but the atmosphere is what really makes this place. The manager personally greeted us as we got in and checked up on us. Vesper has different sections of which includes a lounge, your standard bar, and a huge "party" room with TVs and a DJ. This is a great place to celebrate special events and turns from a yummy brunch into a fun party!
Came here for a night out and really enjoyed the music and three dance floors. The bouncers were super nice and got us in for free both nights, but there is a cover of 10 dollars. There's also a coat check which is super convenient. The only thing we didn't like was the fact that is gets super packed after midnight that you don't really have space to move inside. Both nights we had a hard time dancing (or even standing ) after midnight because it was so packed.
This place was extremely unprofessional! I made a birthday reservation for January 20th at 1pm for a brunch in the party room. It was confirmed and set. As I was on my way there, the guy who works there that I made the reservation through called me at 1:13pm to confirm I was still coming. I was on my way at that very moment and expressed that to him. He replied " ok, we'll see you when you get there" I arrived at 1:25pm. The "manager/host" who sits the guess was extremely rude! Nasty attitude for one when I walked up and said my what I was there for, he continued to say "oh she isn't here" not even knowing I was the one the reservation was for. He proceeded to say, because we didn't hear from you we canceled your reservation because you have a 15 minute window to arrive. I then said I received a call and even confirmed I was coming, he then LIED and said that they called me at 1:35pm..which makes no sense because at the time it was only 1:30pm at that point and I even showed him where I received the call at 1:13pm.. that would be 2 minutes before 1:15pm. The whole thing made no sense, he continued to say he would move me upstairs and that it was the same thing just no DJ, I went upstairs to check it out and it was completed different, no party atmosphere at all and NO music either. I'm convinced because we were black, we were not wanted there, as I read more reviews seeing similar situations with other black guests.
I have filled out multiple reservation requests, sent multiple emails, left multiple voicemails over the course of the past two weeks and I cannot get a response from anyone. I'm actually trying to make two reservations. I went here for brunch a few weeks ago for a birthday party and we had a blast and would like to return, but it seems near impossible to get an answer! I'm baffled! I hope this helps me get a response.
Celebrated a birthday by doing brunch at Vesper and the atmosphere is unlike any other! I felt like I was back in undergrad.  Our res was for 15 people but they didn't have a 15 person open table, so we squished people into a booth.  Our service was slow as it took 30 minutes to get bottles of champagne to start drinking for our 2 hour limit.  The food was average and took a while to come out.  It was a $50 minimum per person, $35 for bottomless and then everyone ordered food to reach $50.  Overall, its not something I would be able to do every weekend, but for special occasions its a great party vibe!!
The food was good but a tad bit too pricey for the amount. Alberto our server was EXCELLENT!! Alberto was friendly, prompt, professional and knowledgeable. If you are going during Restaurant Week or happy hour it may be a better value. Nice for a romantic date.
Vesper is a ton of fun! They do bottomless brunch on the weekends and it quickly turns into a big party. The DJ is always a great mix of EDM, rap, hip-hop and top 40. The bar area(s) are expansive and usually not overly crowded like many other similar clubs. Lindsay the bartender is the one you need to ask for when you're there - she's the best. They have plenty of bathrooms downstairs too which removes a crowd buildup on or near the dance floor... ideal for a club. Overall, 5/5 stars!!
