Great neighborhood pizza shop. We had the privilege Of trying their other location in Newtown and loved it. So it was only right to try this location, and eventually their location opening on State Road.

Almost cafeteria like seating. It appeared that one server had the entire restaurant, which I liked. The walls had some family photos hanging and it felt us feel like we were part of the family. It was busy and the pies were being pushed out steadily.

The pie was hot out of the oven. The sauce was sweet and cheese was melted perfectly. The crust was sturdier than the Newtown location and after much debate we concluded that this spot pushes out tastier pies.

Great location, great pizza and great service.


CASH only
Right off the bat, let me say that I consider myself a pizza snob. I've driven as far as 4 hours for pizza (Pepe's in New Haven, CT) and through NYC rush hour traffic (for L&B in Brooklyn and Pizziola on Long Island). I know awesome pizza.

Vince's Pizza is a far cry from awesome pizza. I live within a mile of the place, too. I hadn't had it for about 5 years. My elderly mother suggested we try it since they opened in a new location. 

A side note, about 4 months ago, I had Charlie's Pizza (Vince's 'cousin). It was the first time in about 25 years that I had it. I grew up 2 miles from Charlie's. I like Charlie. Can't say the same for Vince.

I'm always jonesin' for REALLY good pizza. Vince's is NOT really good pizza. It's barely passable as pizza. More like cheap tomato-like sauce on cardboard. Cheese on the bottom is NOT a big deal. Plenty of places do it... Santucci's anyone?

The cheese was blah and barely there. The crust was mushy in the center and rock hard around the edges. Turn up the heat! The higher the pizza oven temp the quicker and more thorough the pizza will cook. There was narely a char on the bottom of the pie. It honestly looks like a Red Baron frozen chumpy than a real pie.

To me, Northeast Philly is a barren pizza waste land. There are some decent joints, but nothing that stands out and certainly not a place where you wait 45 minutes on a Wednesday night for a pie. People rave about this place, but it only goes to prove that my fellow NE Philadelphians either have no taste buds or have experienced anything better to compare this place to. (These are the same people who cram into Chickie's and Pete's and think its fine dining!)

The service sucked. There was one older woman lost in the weeds handling 18 tables, some with parties or 6 or more. We waited 10 minutes just for her to acknowledge us. Another 10 minutes for drinks. Add the 45 minute wait for the pie, that's way too long. Two waitresses would have worked out. Heck, the girl who was barely busing the tables should have helped her out some.

Needless to say, I am not going back here again. The hour it took just for a pie could be well spent driving up to the Belt Parkway for some real pizza.
This is probably the best pizza in NE Philly, and I'm glad we came here for dinner. 

We took the whole family out for pizza and I'm happy the wife chose Vince's. There were alot of people here, but a server took our order fairly quick, and the pizzas came to our table in what seemed like only a few minutes. 

The pizza? Good stuff! Impressed with how good the crust was, and they put plenty of toppings on the pies. We also got a pitcher of soda, as the waitress told us this would be less expensive overall (how nice is that)?

Very clean, friendly, good pizza... all this to feed my family for less than $50! We'll be back here soon.

PS - they only take cash here, no credit cards.
for me, there are really only two knocks on this place. The hours (don't open until 4PM) and the fact that they are cash only. However, looking past those issues, the experience was great. I walked in to place an order for take out. The staff was very friendly, and checked up on me and kept me updated on my order (they were very busy at the time). The pizza came out of the oven, was put into the box, cut and given to me very quickly. That was appreciated, as I hate when pizza sits in the open air too long. 

when I got home, I could immediately tell I was in for something special. The crust was thin, crispy and the pizza had a nice sauce to cheese ratio. I ordered a half pepperoni and half sausage and the toppings were plentiful but not overdone. The pepperoni, in particular, was fantastic. The sauce has a mild sweetness, but it was not overpowering. It was really a very fantastic pizza and a nice change of pace to the standard take out pizza that popularizes the northeast Philly area.

One thing I will make special mention of is this. While waiting for my pizza order, four customers came in. the people running the establishment knew them by name, and even knew what they would be ordering. This is a sign of a place that has a lot of repeat business. also, when the people dining in were paying, the first thing asked was if they enjoyed their meal. 

Will definitely be back.
Vince's Pizzeria is owned by the same family who formerly ran "Charlie's Pizza" on Roosevelt Blvd below Adams Ave.  Their pizza is outstanding.  I've been eating their Pizza at Charlie's, then Vince's since I was a child.  Vince's only serves Pizza and Stromboli with a limited set of the standard toppings.  This is hand rolled (not tossed) dough with sliced cheese (not shredded) on the BOTTOM!  Their sauce tastes like no other restaurant i've been to.  They concentrate on the Pizza, no Fries or Sandwiches here.  They are always busy and their pizza tastes the same no matter when you order it.  Our favorite is a Plain Pie with Garlic or White Pie with Spinach & Garlic.  Their crust is very thin and tasty.  This is a family run business which has been moving from generation to generation.
My review here is based on the service ALONE.. I couldn't get past the rude person on the phone when I called to put in my order so I didn't go through with it. Also, their prices are really high for toppings and they don't have chicken on their menu.. 
They charge $6.00 per additional topping if you add spinach.. That makes no sense!
Best pizza in the northeast, Love the cheese on the table.... The plain is amazing and the cheese steak pizza is unreal. The pizza is always served hot and the sauce awesome... I cant say enough good things about vinces... this is only make me want to eat it right now......

My favorite Pizza outside Delorenzo's in trenton... its up there with them and its that good
Vince's Pizza is 2nd only to the original Charlie's Pizzeria-same family, I believe.
I live closer to Vince's now and anytime I want a great pizza, I order from Vince's and pick it up.  
The smell of Vince's pizza is hands down the best car air freshener everrr!!  It's all I can do not to pull over and dig in on the side of the road!  
They don't deliver and only accept cash.  They get very busy-so if you're calling ahead for a pickup order- be patient.  Their phone rings off the hook! 

Extra cheese and pepperoni!  Go get some!
Disappointing.

While the pizza had good toppings and had a nice crust, it does not compare to the traditional Neapolitan style pizza in that it is NOT made in a brick oven. Therefore, the crust is not the same. Texture-wise, the pie was hard as rock.

Thus, If you have dentures or fragile teeth, be prepared to schedule a dental appointment.

Overall, service was friendly. Prices were acceptable ($15 for a large pie).

Verdict: Never again, Vince...
I came to Vince's on a whim, to bring back the childhood nostalgia of the pizza that my family would get nearly every weekend from the location that used to be up the street. 

The new location is nice. It's quite large, and well kept, but gets a little noisy if it gets crowded. It's a seat-yourself kind of deal as well. Bring some cash, because they don't take cards, and there's no ATM machine. 

The atmosphere feels kind of rushed, and not like a "we're breaking our back to serve up some killer pizza" rush, but a lack of organization. Our server came to us fairly quickly, with not much other than "what can I get you." 

We ordered a plain pie, and a pitcher of soda. She came back with the soda, and then wandered throughout the restaurant for the next half hour. Not a word. People came and left, and there was no sign of our pie. Our waitress blankly stumbled by us without any type of reassurance that we might get our pizza at some point in the evening. 45 minutes passed, and she finally tossed the pizza on the table, again with not much conversation. 

Honestly, and unfortunately, it's not as good as it used to be. Don't get me wrong, it's a tasty pizza. It's reminiscent of the old one, but it's just NOT the same. It's greasy, the cheese is chunky and artificial tasting, and the sauce tastes boxed. 

It's a solid piece of pizza, but I wouldn't pay a dime more for it than I did. As a religious Vince's customer since the 90's, I'm really disappointed, and cringing to write such a poor review, but if you're going back expecting the good old Northeast Philly staple, I hate to say you're going to have to look elsewhere.
Well worth the long drive from Spruce Hill to Northeast Philadelphia. Ordered a large extra cheese. Excellent dough with just enough char on the bottom yet it still remains flexible. Quality tasting cheeses and a very unique sauce that was almost like blotches of crushed tomatoes. Some of best pizza I have had in Philly and and definitely one of the best pies I have had in a long time. The only issue was the distance Vince's is from my house.
I'd wax poetic on the deliciousosity of their pizza, but just thinking about it makes my mouth water as I contemplate moving back to the N'East to be close to this place.  Seriously, a place that only sells pizza?  They're bringing it to the table!
Great thin crust pizza made Philly style. Rich tomato sauce and fresh toppings garnish sharp cheese. The new restaurant is much larger than the old one, but the place still gets very full very fast and often times people show up, look at how packed it is, and leave. The service is great and the workers are friendly, and even gave us a free pizza since ours got "caught in the oven" and part of the crust was slightly burnt. You feel like family at Vince's! Endless pitchers of Cherry Pepsi too.
Order in advance as it gets packed!  Don't add any of the crap on the table like bad parm 
Or garlic salt or peppers. This is a delicate great crust cracker thin and worth. The joke to NE Philly!!
You pass 42 wawas and 40 dunkin donuts on the way!
I came in pretty late on a Friday night on the way from one bar and to the next. I wasn't really familiar with Vince's at the time, but my friends in the Northeast pretty much swear by it and I was in no state to turn down what was touted as a great pie.

The place was a bit crowded, but honestly I don't want to eat at the pizza place who's not doing a little business on Saturday night. We ordered before too long and the pizza (pepperoni, onions, green peppers) came out within 20 minutes. 
We probably would have done a little better on time if we had ordered in advance, but that's far from their fault and as I mentioned, we were otherwise engaged at the time.

Of course, the speed of the service doesn't matter without good food, and Vince's delivers. There is plenty of pepperoni and they are definitely not shy about the other toppings either. The sauce isn't bland and tasteless like some other local joints I could mention and they DO NOT UNDER-CHEESE THEIR PIZZA, which I loathe and was a relief not to see here. The crust is crisp in a way you don't normally encounter in Philly, but it's their unique signature and it obviously keeps people coming back for a reason. Pizza is one of my favorite dishes, and so many places insist on screwing it up...Vince's is not one of them.

As far as details, it's cash-only, so hit the ATM before you go. The guy at the counter was as cool as possible about the wait given the packed house, and overall there's just nothing to complain about. Factor in a tasty pizza at a pretty decent price (around $15 all told) and you've got a place I'll definitely give a visit next time I cross Frankford Ave. Thanks again, Vince's.
I love tomato sauce. Crave it, I'd drink it, want to be buried in it. So this pizza is perfection for me. Despite their hours and cash only policy, for true love, I overlook those flaws. Don't agree? There's tons of crap pizza to be had in the fine Northeast. More pie for me.
Northeast staple or not this place is sloppy garbage! Anyone complaining that their pizza is burnt should be thanking the gods they don't have doughy undercooked crust trying to hold up all that superfluous sauce. Philly hasn't seen an atrocity like this since the MOVE travesty!
Making quality pizza seems to be becoming a lost art. No offense to the Greeks but leave the pizza making to the Italians. 

This place is the best around with the exception of Taconellis. Thin crust, sweet and tang sauce and whole mozzarella. Delicious! Only problem is they don't always pick up the phone??
Best pizza in the Northeast. Best in Philly.  Maybe the best I ever had in the world (and I lived in Italy for a while).

Vince's former carnation was Charlie's Pizza on the Roosevelt Boulevard near Sears.  I remember going with my Mom for Take-out back in 1963.  I think Vince the owner moved his operation to the Grant Avenue location in the 1980s.  It is essentially unchanged over 50 years:  Pizza only, no credit cards, and always crowded.  Decor is very basic.  But they have a lot of Three Stooges pictures hanging up and that's good enough for me.  All pizzas are very reasonably priced.

Vince's pizza is like no other.  A very thin and crispy crust that is rigid enough to hold a bank safe without flopping [I can see how the schmendrake from Chicago would not like this type pizza unless the crust was thicker than a pillow].  Vince's also has a generous amount of high-quality sauce.  But it's the cheese that makes this the king.  They use whole chunks of whole milk mozzarella.  It's texture and taste is like no other (Surprisingly, there was a pizza joint in Cocoa Beach, Floride (A NY PizzaPlace) that was quite close, but their crust was not the best).  

Vince's pizza really doesn't need any toppings as it is so good on it's own.  We occasionally get garlic on it.

As I always like to say: When God wants a pizza, hegoes to Vince's.
First I will say the pizza is really good. But the customer service is so bad that Iwill never ever ever come here ever again in my life. Permanently boycotted.

 Once I went here with my family and there were only two tables seated. We watied 45 minutes and then I went up to the counter and asked how long our pizza was going to be as I noticed a pizza sitting on top of the oven. This pizza was ther efor a good 15 minutes before I went up to ask where ours was. I sat down and said to my folks that Ibet they forgto to bring out our pie and thats it on top of the oven. Then they proceeded to try to serve us the pizza that was sitting on top of the oven for probably close to 20 minutes. it was burnt to a crisp on one side of it, dry as a bone from being warmed for so long! They did bring it to our table and tried to act as if there was nothing wrong. I told the waitress who was extremely rude that you just took that pizza off the top of the oven and it has been there for 20 minutes. She looke me square in the eye and said no it isnt. The owner was there and didnt do anything about it. There was around 6 staff looking at us as she brought the pizza over. No offer of a new pie! Nothing. This place is on the permanent boycott list.
Best pizza in all of philly. Didn't believe it would be so good. I'm used to greasy cheese covered pizza. And this was the exact opposite. Just deliciously seasoned sauce with real cheese. Not plastic cheese.
Vince's does pizza right. I go far out of my way to go here.

Nothing fancy, but the pizza is amazing. Kind of reminds me of shore pizza.

Amazing crust.
I love Vince's...  I've been going to Vince's for as long as I can remember...  Red pie with steak is my favorite...  I don't know if it's the dough, the sauce, the steak, or the crew that works there, but it's all the best!!!
This pizza is amazing.  Instead of shredded cheese, they use big slabs of mozzarella, and a unique sauce, the likes of which i haven't tasted anywhere else, both over a crisp and perfectly baked crust.

Really unique and a place you must visit.
This is the best pizza in the Northeast. Maybe even best in Philly. 

Vince's is a very basic operation, they make pizza and they do it well. Its not the nicest place in town and won't win any decor awards but if your hungry for pizza then this is the place. All the Pie's are good including the plain.

 You may have to wait a while for a table, then wait awhile for your pie but the pizza is definitely worth the wait.

This place sells lots of pizza, they are packed on a Friday night for dine in and the line for pickup is usually out the door. 

Don't forget to bring CASH as they do not accept credit.
First the pizza is fantastic.  I was a customer for 35 years (from their original Charlie's on the blvd)/. But things have changed. for example- Cash only? Really? The IRS frowns on this type of business choice.  I have seen people have to leave because they did not have cash.  Not to worry, because they simply pop the pizza out of the box and onto a tray for some poor schmuck in the dining room who has been waiting for about an hour and willing to look past the cold, cardboard tasting 17 dollar pizza because he is starving.  

Secondly, the service. Not only does it suck, but that is the reason I refuse to go back. The workers are the kids of the original family owners and feel entitled to their good fortune. They treat customers like they are doing them a favor by allowing them to purchase one of their pies. That was the last straw, unless you count the 3 times I waited over an hour for my pizza, only to watch the guy pull a box down and put it on a tray and send it out to me. I said no way, and they argued thay I was incorrect!!!  I watched the entire process from box, tray to me go down. 

The extra chees is where they get you also, because the majority of the time you get whatever comes out plain/extra cheese.. you get what they think is your order.

I loved the food but by no means miss the attitude. Dont believe me? See for yourself. In fact that was the main critique on here regarding this place a year ago.  Interesting how almost every negative comment disappeared over the last year or so.  Guess that cash business does come in handy.  I know, because I have a copy of my original Yelp review from last year which is no longer on here.

Like most small businesses, they die out by the third generation and this will be no exception, especially with entitled staff that at times need to be reminded a good cleaning before you go to work is a good idea.
The pizza's are good thats not what I'm warning you, the next customer, about! If you plan on eating be wary of the delay. The same waitress (which should be replaced) has worked there as long as I have been going, 16 years! When I eat in I always have to ask for the correct number of paper plates, forks, knives and napkins. Its really not that hard to count out the correct number. I have to watch her stand just staring into space instead of coming over to my waving hand in the air. If you need a refill on your soda hold off from drinking any of it till the pizza comes cause once the pizza comes thats the only time you can get a refill and then you don't see the waitress again. Take out forget it, its like calling into a radio station, you have to keep calling back hoping that you can get threw. Well they are letting you think they are busy. I have personally witnessed them on numerous times pick the phone up answer that call and never hang it up for atleast five minutes. You can see all this because you can see them making the pizzas. It's not like they are in a back room making the pizzas.As I said good pizza, gives me heart burn personally but staff and management need to remember they need us the customers.
Vince's is definitely the best pizza in NE Philly.  Thin and crispy, great sauce, light on the cheese.  While the pizza is delicious, DO NOT MISS the white spinach stromboli. Best stromboli I've ever had - I get it every time.

They lose a star for taking the phone off the hook when they get too busy.  Service is always ok...nothing great.  Cash only.
The pizza is ok, for me not enough cheese. The service is terrible, the waitress took a long time to ask about our drinks and when she finally did she came out with the smallest cups. Never once did she come back to ask how everything was and would we like anything else. This is the second time we went to the new location, where the service was lacking. The first time I chalked it up to them being busy, but after happening a second time, when the restaurant wsn't so busy that's just the way it is. For what it is, we won't be visiting again.
A friend of mine got me a Vinces pizza after I told him I was jonesing for Charlies, but didn't feel like getting shot at to get a pizza. (I grew up not far from there & we used to get Charlies all the time......you couldn't pay me to go into that warzone now!!) This pizza sucked. One of the worst pies I've ever had. Too sweet & not enough cheese, & crust was hard as a rock. You couldn't pay me to eat this garbage pie ever again.
This is our place every Friday.  Vince's has the best pizza in Northeast Philly.  They open at 4 p.m so you have to keep calling because the line is always busy.  I would recommend the large white pizza with broccoli, spinach and chunks of tomato.  It is heavenly.  You may have to wait 45 minutes on the weekends if you walk in, so make sure you call ahead to order your pie.  John knows me by now and always has my pie ready.  They always support our charities to by donating to the Cystic Fibrosis Fundraisers we have every year.  Remember to bring cash because they don't take credit cards.   See you there!
Makes my mouth water just thinking about it.  They open at 4 though...that sucks.
I'd say 3.5 stars but no option here. This cash-only spot serves pizza or Stromboli. That's it. Pizza was tasty. Very good for Northeast Philly. I learned this is the same family who owned Charlie's down on Roosevelt Boulevard before they broke off to start this. Service was a little slow. Charging for soda refills is BS.   New location is nicely done.
I will say that I actually enjoy the pizza at Vince's - a nice crispy crust, a tangy sauce and gooey cheese...

That being said I've eaten at this shop three times.  The first time service was adequate... The 2nd time about a month ago the waitress took our order and only returned once our entire visit to bring our pizza. The 3rd time was this week, with the same server... Disaster.  She brought out the wrong pizza, and refused to acknowledge me for over five minutes, even though she was seated directly across from me talking and eating with a friend.  When we needed refills she ignored us again and when she did finally help us she charged us for refills (it should be noted every table around us had pitchers of soda except for ours - an option never offered to us).    While eating the staff allowed the phone to ring continuously without answering it (though the restaurant wasn't that busy in my opinion).   

I don't think I'll be returning to Vince's any time soon
Great pizza and good prices. The crust was awesome and the house made sauce it to die for. If you like Charlie's pizza you'll love Vince's. Best pizza me and my wife have found in the northeast by far would defiantly order there again
They have the best pizza that I know of in the Northeast. Well, that is besides the ones I make here at home. One thing that I don't hear people say about them is how good their Stromboli's taste. Great dough and a great tasting tomato sauce. The sauce is a little on the sweet side. Which I don't think is all basil, perhaps a little sugar but I don't know. I don't have the family recipe.

A great place for a pizza eat in or take out. One draw back the wait for a pizza on Friday or Saturday night can be very long. Call well ahead.
5 stars!!! People there treat u like family.
Yeah, the wait can be long because so many people go there but that's because it's worth the wait!!!!!
BEST PIZZA IN PHILLY HANDS DOWN
I am a little disappointed with this style of pizza due to the crunchier and thinner crust. I prefer a softer thinner crust that one can fold in half.  The ingredients and cheese taste delicious and I enjoyed a cheese and one with steak shavings. However, living away from Philly for a long time and having to endure similar crusts where I live, I would pass if you are looking for a basic Philly style pizza.

So, I personally struggle wanting to give this joint  4 stars but can't due to my personal taste in crusts.  I think it's safe to assume that people who live in the area would enjoy this style as they have various offerings at anytime and perhaps this variety could provide you a 4 star experience. I'm just not a fan.
It is what it is with Vince's.  This relic of Philadelphia tastebuds has been entertaining palettes since before I was born.  It's a must have when I visit my hometown and it never disappoints.  We ordered take-Out, but if you do decide to dine-in know what you are in for.  This isn't a fancy joint, it's just tables, chairs, and pizza.  The only time you pick your head up from the table is when the birds score.



The regular pizza is great, but if you want to try something a little different, order a white pizza with broccoli and fresh garlic - easy on the cheese.
Only place I ever called that openly announces when you call they have an 1 1/2 wait and is comfortable with it.   
You would have thought when they got the new location they would have increased their capacity but i guess that requires planning of which they did not. 


Then you arrive your pizza isn't even piping hot.   Outside crust is hard as concrete inside crust is under done.   

Even with all that this place still serves much better than average pizza for this area but I like Gearo's better
Cash only.
Hands down one of my favorite pizza places. Thin crust, hand tossed, much more like an upside down pizza, with a little more sauce then cheese. I would eat it cold or for breakfast any day. Every time I eat here (I've been a customer for 7+ years) I get the same thing, but I am dying to try the strombolis and other items. They're not open for lunch (what a bummer), and they only offer pickup and dining in services. When they moved locations I was alarmed but they remained in the neighborhood and continued producing great food under the same ownership. You need to try this place out!
Decided to try a new pizza place, and Vince's Pizza was just ok for my family.  They did not like the sweetness of the sauce and thought it was too sweet.

We did not experience any bad service on a take-out order like some others mentioned here on Yelp.

Vince's is good pizza; but just not for us.

Cash only!
The pizza is meh. It's not terrible, but it looks really greasy and unappetizing when you get it. The sauce is strangely sweet, which is not to my taste. My sister likes sweet sauce but wasn't impressed either. 

The employees were really rude. There's a sign that says "please seat yourself" and so we did when we got the pizza, only to have someone RUSH over a minute later and tell us we had to leave, in an admonishing and hurried tone like it was a really big deal. There were literally only 2 other customers inside and plenty of empty seats, so I don't know what their issue was. I'm not sure if I would have gone back just from the pizza, but after that experience with the staff I KNOW I'm not going back.
Best pizza in NE Philly - hands down! eat in or take out - just make sure you have cash. No credit cards accepted.
Hands down the best pizza in Philadelphia! This place never disappoints. We ordered a plain and a veggie pie.. The veggies we're fresh and loaded with garlic. The plain was cheesy and had chunky sauce. The crust is paper thin, which we love. There could be a bit of a wait on a Friday, but it's well worth it. The staff treats you like family and is always clean. If you love pizza, check this place out..
I will never understand why some people love this place. It is the worst pizza I have ever had. The crust is so dry and hard, and the sauce tastes like it was never cooked, like raw tomato purée. I just don't get it...
Delicious! Nice crispy thin crust, perfect amount of sauce and cheese. Appropriately priced for excellent pizza. Definitely recommend.
Got a small 1/2 Spinach-garlic(white),1/2 plain(red) --$12.69

The sauce and cheese toppings were flavorful. Especially the fresh spinach-garlic. The crust however was just meh. Thin and crisp w/o much flavor. Cracker-like, not chewy.

Not wowed like I expected
Best pizza ever. My Nana used to take me every Friday to their shop in Richboro (which has since closed down) so now I drive over a half hour to taste this deliciousness. Definitely a treat!
I like pizza joints that after you eat at them, you don't feel like you gain 5 pounds.  If you like greasy heavy 1 pound a slice pizza, then this place is not for you. However, if you like light, thin, perfect balance of crust, cheese and tomato sauce......this is your place. 

This is the ONLY pizza spot in Philadelphia I will actually eat at and I'm a food snob.
This is top five pizza in all of philadelphia.  Standard pepperoni will rock the party that rocks your body. The white spinach is uniquely delicious. The staff is tremendously accommodating.  A family place. Where the locals go. Reminds me of the saying: order what we do, not what we don't do. Delicious. Five stars all day--actually they don't open until four.
Just moved to the area, decided to check out Vince's after being recommended. The pizza was perfect. I really can't say much more than that. The crust was cooked to perfection. Not too crispy but not flimsy. There was virtually no grease in the pizza box after it was gone. 
I got half pepperoni half plain. The pepperoni was perfectly placed throughout the cheese. It also had fresh garlic on it which really made this pizza perfect. 
The service was also great. The guys behind the counter were polite and even though it was packed in the restaurant (which I'm assuming it always is after having this pizza) the pizza was ready in under 20 minutes. Also priced good. 
If your going to go bring cash, as they don't accept any other payment. Also they only sell pizza and Stromboli. No other crap like all the other "pizza" restaurants. Just this fact signifies they gotta have a good pie! I can't wait to go back. 
All in all, I've had a lot of pizza and this is top 2 in my book.
Pizza is fairly tasty when eaten immediately out of the oven.  But terrible acid reflux later.  Seeing the cheese become so firm in room temperature after just a short period of time leads me to believe it's very cheap.  The fact that it takes them so long to cook their thin pizzas leads me to believe all of their ingredients are junk.

Service is horrible.  Ridiculous waits both to place an order and then to receive food after ordering.  During my final visit, staff waited on tables without any consideration for who arrived before whom; and they ignored waiting customers (chiefly me!) to chit chat with other, apparently favored customers.  And again--why does it take sooooo long for them to cook their thin-crust pies?  Garbage.
VERY GOOD PIZZA ... BUT as others have indicated the service leaves something to be desired. I too had a pick up one time where I was told my pizza was just going in the oven .. I waited the 30 mins or so all the while looking @ the 1/2 pepperoni on top of the oven. 30 minutes went by & when I asked them again about my pizza they handed me the 1/2 pep from up top that I had called in about an hour earlier. They are pretty rude there but man is the pizza good. Only reason they stay in business.
(If their service was better I'd give them 5 stars)
went tonight and ordered they said 1hr 15 minute wait ..... ok they must be busy it's a friday night 1hr 35 minutes later got the food ..... 3 employees were not wearing masks which during this time is unacceptable
The BEST pizza! We order from Vince's at least once a week. I love how crispy the crust is.
I used to go to this place all the time when it was on Grant near Bustleton, they moved and got too big for their britches. I called there at 830 on a friday night and they told me the ran out of dough. You effing kidding me?  You guys arent Tacconellis' stop acting like you're big time
Every slice, every bite was heaven. When I pass, I need this pie served at my wake.

I ordered a large pizza with sausage and mushrooms and a large stromboli. They were both amazing. The pie had a nice burnt on the crust, and the dough was grade A. The menu was limited and there werent lots of options for toppings. Still, well worth the drive.
I'm going to make this real simple I went to Vince's and the waitress saw my cup was empty for soda after she gave me the bill I asked her for some more soda she said I would have to pay for a refill I told her no problem so I was just at Charlie's Pizza the other day and I believe these people somehow or another related or was related but Charlie's Pizza gives you free refills I was just there the day before yesterday anyway when I paid for the pizza I put the dollar something in my pocket the waitress actually came outside and asked for her tip I couldn't believe it it was really really tacky she said was something wrong with her service I said no so she goes where is my tip I said when you charge me for the soda so I said I'm not going to tip her so she got mad and I explained the Charlie's Pizza gives free refills and she said well they charge 250 for a soda well I wouldn't mind paying 2:50 for soda all I know is if this lady will hurt his business and I'm sorry that Vince got a one-star from me because of the service the pizza is wonderful but get rid of the lady call out your number and go pick up your pizza get a cup you guys can get your own soda we don't need her no more or retrain her anyway I feel sorry for her because I don't know what my $5 would have done for her more or less in her life I just can't believe that she came out and Hunt us down like we didn't pay our bill
Really great quality pizza. By far the best in the northeast. This pizza can compete with any of the best pizza places in the city
tasty pizza (crust could be chewier)  
but the service at take out can be very cold & rude. 
Also calling to place a order can be a chore. They just don't feel like picking up their phones for some reason.
I enjoy the pizza but could they do their customers a favor and get a second phone line? I have a better chance of getting through to the local radio station for concert tickets than I do ordering a freakin pizza.  There are plenty of places I can spend my money if they are too busy.
Very good.
The way pizza was meant to be...
great thin crust, great sauce.

one thing I would do is order extra cheese next time.  they use delicious high quality mozzarella, but there wasnt enough of it for me.  I looooove cheese, especially cheese of this quality and would just like some more of it.
The pizza here is generally excellent, but three stars lost just because of the following: Hoping to get home and watch the NCAA semi-finals on Saturday night, I came in to order a pizza for take out around 5:15. The place was very busy. The young guy behind the counter told me it would be about 25 minutes, so I waited. 40 minutes later, I still hadn't gotten my order. It would be ready in minutes, he told me. It wasn't. A person who had ordered a pizza 15 minutes after I did had gotten hers. When I asked again I was told it still wasn't ready. It was getting "well done." Turns out, they never put my order in. It had been cooking for only ten minutes when I went up the second time. I can understand a place gets busy, but I don't like being lied to. When I told him it was "well done enough and take it out," he said it still wasn't ready. I just got my money back (he shorted me 52 cents, too, but I was too pissed off to care or make a stink) and left. "Sorry" was all I got. Manager-owner needs to talk to its staff about customer service.
Love the pizza. Hate the service. Rude. Terrible service. Went for years--done with it now...have been treated rudely once too often. Funny thing is that all of these years despite the terrible service always left a nice tip...now I really regret that.
I crave this pizza like a junkie craves crack cocaine! No really I'm a big fatso and this stuff is worth the early grave visit. If you have any sense you will at least try this Pizza!

Sauce 5 out of 5
Crust 5 1/2 out of 5
Cheese 4.5 out of 5
I've been going to Vince's for years and grew up going to Chalie's....To me, Vince's is very good, but it's definitely a different style of pie and can see how people don't like it....But dude, it's 2012 and still "cash only". How much business is lost because they don't accept credit cards?
We live in Northeast Philly, right down the street actually from Vince's. I kept saying id like to try it since a classmates claimed it was the best pizza in Philly. I ordered a "small" white pie with broccoli and I can say, it's pretty damn good lol. This small pizza was the size of a normal large,thin crusted with that authentic stone oven baked taste. I'm looking forward to the next time we order from here, good job Vince's
Their pizza is 5 star BUT the experience can be hectic. 1st good luck trying to get through to phone in an order. Busy signal followed by "Vinces hour wait" ,then much of the staff is NOT super-friendly. So combine the wait w/ the mob scene when you go in , unorganized pickup system + cash only and what you get is 3 stars. (Instead of 5) But you should give it a shot (Pizza is that good) .. .but try a random Wed night.
Vince's pizza came to our attention by friends who loved it and believed it would be allergy safe for my family. I researched the restaurant on yelp and saw the many great reviews. I called the restaurant to confirm that they had no nuts, eggs, or shellfish ingredients in the menu. They confirmed this for me.

The next step was making the trip from Jersey to this NE Philly pizza place. Let me begin by saying the staff was EXTREMELY understanding of my allergy concerns and were willing to wash their hands and take special precautions including using a newly cleaned pizza cutter for my kids' pizza. Chris was amazing in prepping safe pizza pies, Val our server was so kind, understanding, and friendly in her service. And Becky and Kevin in the back were great in keeping us safe too! 

Now the food - the Stromboli and pizza were great!! High quality cheese that was not greasy, delicious homemade pizza sauce, and thin crispy crusts on the pizza! Yummmm. Worth the 35 minute drive - it's GREAT that this restaurant does just a couple of menu items and they do them great!! The stomboli is HUGE and may be shared by 2 to 3 people! Get to this place and enjoy!!! I imagine it gets very busy on weekends as it was pretty hopping on a Monday night! Take out was busy too.
We love the pizza.  For the six ovens that they haveit does take a little long.  The waitress staff....need training.  Takes forever to be waited on and forget it after you receive your pizza never again except for the check. It's been every time we have been there.  The high chairs are either dirty and or broken.  We scrubbed it with wipes last time and when the waitress was also to clean it is time....the stuff was crusted on the chair.  
Yes we like the pizza....  Maybe just for take out.
Great pizza but many restrictions,  no delivery,  does not open till 4pm, very limited menu,  and no meatball pizza,  r u kidding me???  Very strange,   I'll give it 3 stars for the great pizza,  would b more w/ out so many restrictions.
I've been to New York, Chicago, 6 cities in Italy - pretty much everywhere known for its pizza - and Vince's is still my favorite in the world. It's just perfect. The sauce is nice and sweet, the crust is perfectly crunchy, and the fact that the cheese goes under the sauce just makes the pizza. Been eating here for 20 years and will probably eat here for the rest of my life.
Oh Vince's how I long for you.  I can not find your equal and it is painful. Sauce, cheese, crispy crust - pizza perfection.
I have heard great things about this place and really wanted to like it, but I can't get over the fact that there were canned mushrooms on my pizza.  Even Pizza Hut uses fresh cut veggies!  I was told it was a 45 minute wait for pick-up on a Friday night, which I thought was reasonable, but then I thought was a little strange when it wasn't totally packed when I came to pick up.  The crust was good and the sauce was good, but I didn't find it outstanding, and I can't get over those canned mushrooms.
I wish I could comment on the pizza here but never got to try it. Arrived at 9:30, mind you the hours are 4-10 and was told they were closed because they ran out of dough. How do you run out a whole half hour before closing??? Completely unacceptable. I could see if it was 10 minutes before closing. They need to change their stated hours. I just don't understand how you're only open for 6 hours and can't maintain the product you're selling during that short time frame. Went to Aldo's, they're open til 11 and never had a bad pizza there. This place needs to get their stuff together. Very poorly run establishment.
I'll have to say I too don't get it, went here because of the good reviews and it was pretty disappointing.  I too would order extra cheese if I went again for sure.  My problem however, was the metallic tasting sauce that made the pizza very reminiscent of the pizza I used to get at The Palace skating rink as a kid.

Service was friendly and quick and the place was very clean and had a couple big parties on a Wednesday night so i don't think I'll hurt their business any but, I will definitely not be returning.
The pizza is so good here it must be made out of rainbows and unicorns.  It reminds me of Charlie's pizza off the boulevard...probably same or similar recipe.  Don't get funny with toppings, the plain is simply the best.

You have to show up and place your order at 4:00 PM if you do not want to wait a long time.  BRING CASH!  They do not accept credit cards.  

Definite must go...
Love Vince's the only reason it isn't 5 stars for me personally is because the pizza is always room temp to warm after a 3 minute car ride.  And they have strange hours. Other than that...its delish!
I've been hearing about Vince's for years! People always compared it to Charlie's which I enjoyed very much. The sauce tasted very fresh and the dough was nice and light. All in all, a great pizza! Would definitely go back!
Been a steady customer for years. Never had a problem. The staff were friendly and the food is always delicious. Just pizza, just the best!
There is a reason this place is usually mobbed.  Reason?  They're good.  Hey, that's a darn good reason for a place to be crowded.

In an area where you can't swing a stick without nailing a pizza joint (seriously, I've done it), you can be as choosy as choosy allows in picking where to get your next slice.  Keeping that in mind, if you don't mind a slight wait (unless you call ahead which I highly suggest) and the archaic thought of having to go get the food yourself (no delivery here), Vince's is one of the better pizza places in the far NE.
One of the worst pizza's I have ever had. Sauce had a heavy garlic metallic flavor. Toppings where cold.
I been a fan for a few years when they used to be located at Grant and Buselton. Me and my family would always go there for pizza and steak Stromboli, but since the time when they were transitioning to move to their new location, the food began to slip. The pizza started to not be as flavorful as usual along with the crust being to hard, and the sauce was just not as good as before. The steak Stromboli was always amazing, then it started becoming an empty loaf with nothing in it, not as much steak or cheese; it was dripping with grease. Since they moved we've been to the new location once and it wasn't very pleasant. We waited almost an hour just to get one pizza and a steak Stromboli and it was the same as we had it before, an empty Stromboli covered in grease and a flavorless pizza. I really like Vince's and I want to see there pizza improve because it was the best on my list.
This would easily be a five star review if it were strictly based on food alone.  While I love the pizza here and consider it to be among the best I've ever had, the wait times keep me from coming back regularly.  I guess they really don't care, as business is usually brisk.  The phone is always busy on weekends and they answer the phone by announcing the wait time (usually an hour, sometimes up to an hour and a half during Lent--and I've waited longer!).  Your best bet is to avoid the weekends all together if you'd like to eat in a timely fashion.
I have been here quite a few times. I always get what I order and expect nothing less then some of the best pizza. The place is full of locals reliving out their good old days, where pizza was actually made from scratch and delivery wasn't a thing. 
Cash only is a diner thing now a days but Vince's has stayed true to their good old ways with this as well. 
Very minimal in toppings and variety. It's all about their thin crispy crust and thick slices of cheese throughout. My top 3 pizza places of all time.
After my previous review of this place, I decided to give it yet another try. We ordered our pizza and then waited for over an hour until the waitress finally realized we were sitting there as people ordered, ate and left.  We watched in disbelief as she told the cooks about our order and one reached up pulled a box off the top of the oven and slid it on a tray. My friends were starving so they did not want me to say anything until after we ate.  The answer was a typical shrug of the shoulder and not even an apology. 

The attitude is what makes this place suck. They feel as if they are doing you a favor. Interestingly, the place was not as crowded for a Friday night. Maybe others too are fed up with crappy service for way over priced pizza,
Tried this pizza for the first time yesterday. We ordered two plain pies. It was very good. Crust was crisp and light, sauce had a little sweetness which we liked. One of the best pies in NE Philly. Was worth driving a little further to get.
Pros:
Nice Crust
Plenty of topping
Price
Very friendly

Cons:
Sauce could be better

A good Pizza, definitely not "The Best" in Philly as others stated but good. Nice crust and plenty of topping. I like a richer darker sauce.
I can't say enough about this pizza. It is the pizza of my childhood.  It's great going to a restaurant that focuses on its strength and doesn't wonder into other items that are only so-so. 

If you are looking for great pizza and only pizza this is the place to go!
One of the best think crusts u ll ever have, a very limited selection but tastes like a REAL PIZZA
they said the wait for my pizza would be at most 25-30 minutes and it's been 50 minutes and counting. I only waited because I thought the pizza would be done in 25 minutes as they said but i've been sitting in the store for 50 minutes and they said i still have to wait a little longer. apparently it takes 50 minutes to make a plain tomato pie.
We have a "pizza map" which is made by asking everyone we know what their favorite pizza place on earth is (and then trying that pizza with them at some point) This was one of the first places we tried, recommended by a friend of ours as his hometown spot! When you go into a shop like this you know the food is good. It is no frills. No bottles of oil with olives on the counters or tables. Cash only. Minimal wall decor (some family photos and a few t shirts of the business hanging up on one wall). 

We let our friend, a northeast local, lead the way. I saw no slices on offer and he ordered 2 large pies for us. The menu confirms that it's a wohle pie place. Furthermore, they only serve 2 things-pizza, and stromboli. haven't tried the boli, but the pizza is out of this world. Comes out steaming hot, sliced cheese under the sweet and tangy tomato sauce. Crispy crust that is my perfect texture-crunchy and not too doughy and sturdy enough to hold up to all that sauce while you're eating it. All said this was a big win on the Pizza Map. We have even been back without our friend to have it again!
Pizza perfect!! Very good flavor thin cracker crust. The Staff was very pleasant. We will be back.
I just don't get all the hype about this place. Went there several years ago and didn't like it but my wife and son wanted to try it again because of all the great reviews and some people actually saying it's the best pizza in  Philly.  Not even close [maybe the Worst].   Tried it 2 days ago for take out  and still don't like it at all. I've had better frozen pizzas from the market. Ordered a large Peperoni Pizza. The Dough was like Cardboard, Hardly any Cheese, not much sauce either and it was just Blah mostly tasteless, and maybe 10 pieces of Peperoni on the whole 16 inch Pizza.  Even the Spices we added on at home didn't help.  Want the Best Pizza go to Orignal Village at Sandyford Rd & Red Lion Rd 19116 and New England Pizza in Bluegrass Shopping center 19114.
Absolutely love the pizza. That's why I keep coming back, even years apart. Some things never change, however.  Still CASH ONLY, but also, when they get busy, they literally take the phone off the hook which is quite frustrating.  That also does speak to their following and prominence. Take the service for what it's worth, but I'll compromise that for the quality of pizza without a doubt.
Can't understand why every person in NE Philly raves about this place so much. This pizza is so far from anything special. Cheese is just weird and the crust is just thin and bland and just there. Won't be back.
