Cute cafe in the Francisville/Fairmount area that provided an awesome place for me to hole up for several hours and have lunch, take a couple meetings, and get some work done. Seating is outside or downstairs, and on a Monday afternoon, I had my choice of tables as there was only one gentleman in the entire place (nice to meet you, Andre!). 

My café au lait was perfect, and I love the help-yourself water station with large glasses. I was excited to see crêpes on the menu and went for the goat bacon with goat cheese, bacon, mushrooms, and tomatoes. The crêpe was good but I would have enjoyed it a lot more if the bacon inside was crunchy. My dining companion's pesto sandwich looked incredible and I had a bit of lunch envy. I'm definitely going to try a sandwich or omelet next time. 

The staff was really friendly and the wifi was complimentary. Definitely adding Vineyards to my rotation of spots to get some work done, and looking forward to trying more from the menu.
Sunday brunch in the city... I find it almost impossible to find a place without a wait. Thank god for Vineyard!! 
When you enter it looks like a small coffee joint, but they have seating downstairs. I love the vibe that this place has. 
Chai latte: being Indian, I'm picky about my chai. And this beats EVERYONES chai latte (even Starbucks). 
Eggs, bacon, gouda on a baguette. Light savory dish , just enough to fill you up without that heavy brunch feeling. And the baguette is soft, so you're not tearing it apart like most places! 
Nutella, strawberry crepe: one of the best crepes I've had in this city. 
The owner even came down to check if everything was okay. The food is delicious, The place is clean And the staff is friendly. What a wonderful place in Philly to grab a bite!
DAYUM that's a good crepe. I've had some good crepes in my day, but DAYUM. Got the Goat Bacon, amazing decision. Menu has savory crepes, sweet crepes, sandwiches and omlettes. The folks running the joint had a french accent which inspired great confidence in their crepe making ability and it lived up to the billing.

The crepe was huge and the goat cheese/mushroom/bacon filling was plentiful. Mark this on your GPS as a go-to spot in Philly.
Came up to Philly for the weekend and we wanted something quick to put in our bellies before the Sunday morning drive...also we love crepes. 

This is a cute little unassuming place. (I would have missed it completely if it wasn't for the "open" sign.) When you enter, whether you want your meal to stay or go, you must order and pay upstairs. I went with the Norwegian (goat cheese, salmon and avocado) while my fiancé went with the Goat Turkey (goat cheese, turkey, fig spread). I also ordered the blood orange pear tea and he got the lime mint wellness. The prices were quite reasonable, even with 15% tip everything came up to~$25. 
You have to wait upstairs for your tea as they will bring the food to where you are seated but not the tea. We waited then took our cups downstairs. 

There aren't a ton of tables downstairs (or upstairs). About 2-3 two person tables and maybe 2 four person tables...were also 2 armchairs near a low table. It is quite intimate and closed in. There were a lot of what looked to be Temple college students and the place did seem to have that chill atmosphere that students would gravitate toward.  

We didn't have to wait too long for our crepes. They were QUITE filling, you only need one at a time! The Norwegian was ok, there was way too much goat cheese for me and it seemed to overpower everything. The Goat turkey was amazing, loved the fig spread, it added some balance. The herbal teas were also enjoyable (I recommend adding a sugar cube to the blood orange pear to really bring out the blood orange flavor). 

I enjoyed the nice touches like the lemon-cucumber ice water stations (one upstairs and one downstairs). Very refreshing. 
There was single gender neutral, differently abled friendly bathroom upstairs. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I would definitely like to come back to try the sweet crepes.
This place is awesome! Everything we've have had from their menu is delicious... And my girlfriend is a very picky eater. Personal favorites are the Goat Turkey Crepe and the Honey Bee Crepe. They have great coffee, tea, sandwiches, baguettes and bagels as well. 

Both the main floor and the basement seating are clean, well decorated and well lit. And I love that they have outdoor seating in warm weather. 

The owners (a young couple) and their staff are all extremely friendly. You can tell they put some serious money, time and effort into this place. This is EXACTLY what Francisville needed, and they did it the right way!!
A pretty great cafe in the Francisville area.  Upon arrival I was a little bit wary because it looked pretty tiny with only one table and some high top seating. I was pleasantly surprised to find out there's a floor downstairs with some extra tables and even couches! The aesthetic does what it can to be hip/trendy. It is also very clean and bright which I love. 

Vineyards seems to be known for their crepes, but I didn't get to try one during my first trip here. I got a hot latte. It was $6!!! That is v expensive for a cup of coffee and if I'm being honest it was not that good. That got me a bit turned off. My friend got a mocha chino which was just as expensive and a chocolate chip cookie.

I don't wanna hate on a local small business, so even though I do think that this place is overpriced, I'm gonna back it.  I'll definitely be back to give a crepe a try and recommend it if you need a cup of coffee or a place to get some work done.
A few weeks ago, I walked over to meet my wife at the school where she works for an after school event.  I walked past Vineyards Cafe and did a double-take at the inviting, Nordic-like interior.  But I was running late and did not get to try it.  Then, the holidays came and I had to file Vineyards Cafe away...until yesterday.

The interior is clean and beautifully lit.  It makes for an inviting space to enjoy breakfast.  The owners are welcoming and friendly.  The menu small but more than sufficient.  The coffee (La Coloumbe) was excellent, crisp and fresh.  I ordered an egg sandwich with cheese and opted for the French Baguette (you can have it on a bagel as well).

My breakfast was a fantastic start to 2016, particularly on this first, cold day of work of the year.  The bread was excellent.  My eggs were cooked to perfection.  The cheese was melty and plentiful (perhaps a little too much cheese but I'll never really utter those words again).  There is a water station that looked thirst-quenching and extremely well-kept.

If I could, I'd park myself in the beautiful downstairs every day to work and eat.  Thanks, Vineyards Cafe for making my day and getting my 2016 off to a smooth start.  Buen provecho, Yelpers.
I love to explore local small businesses and this one was a great find. It's a very nice small cozy and super clean neighborhood coffee and crepe restaurant. Staff is very friendly and their crepes are amazing. I tried the Honey bee which was good with mochachino. The prices are pretty affordable. It wasn't super busy on a Saturday morning.
I really enjoyed my Sunday brunch at Vineyards cafe. A friend and I met for coffee and crepes and I really enjoyed myself. I ordered the "American" crepe and added spinach, and a hot latte. Our food and coffees were ready within minutes, and everything was very tasty. The seating inside is a bit limited, but there were tables outside. I also really liked the complimentary water with lemon and lime slices - very refreshing. I will definitely return!
Good price for good crepes. I had the savory Philly crepe. Came with smoked salmon, cream cheese, and spinach. Generous amount of smoked salmon evenly spread out in the crepe. Well worth the $9.
Best creperie I've come across in Philly. It's a small cafe, located on the ground floor in a new development. My first observations were that it's very clean, and that it has a neat wood decor.

They feature a tantalizing variety of savory and sweet crepes. I opted for the Honeybee
(mozzarella, scrambled egg, and spinach - finished with a honey drizzle) and then took home a Nutella/banana for dessert. Both crepes were super appetizing, well portioned, and priced appropriately.

I'll also mention the service was very friendly (two women behind the counter). And they offer free wifi!
Whenever my friends ask to meet up mid-afternoon for a snack, this spot comes to mind. The atmosphere is clean and calm so if you want a place to study with free WiFi, stop by! 

I'm partial to their sweet crepes. Personally I like the simplicity of their confiture crepe which offers your choice of jam and powdered sugar. I like the blackberry jam the best. Their savory crepes are good too, but if you're not a fan of cheese that is on the stronger side, you might not like their gouda crepes. I like them a lot, but I had one friend who didn't like it at all. It's up to your tastebuds I guess!
This is a tiny coffee shop that serves excellent crepes and nice breakfast . I had the vegetarian omelet in a baguette. My friend had a crepe which looked amazing. Ice coffee was outstanding as well as the hot coffee. The service is efficient and the place is pretty in an up and coming neighborhood. Worth the trip. Could use more inside tables .
What a gem of a place in the francisville neighborhood! I had a skim chai latte and a sucre crepe. The staff was very friendly and the downstairs dining area was very welcoming. We will be back.
Good coffee and nice staff! The seating area for doing work is great.
Came with a friend to do some studying on a Saturday morning. We ordered two chai lattes and sat right by the large window at the front, which lets in a lot of natural sunlight. There's seating at the front and also more downstairs so it's a great spot to bring a laptop and do some work (plus the staff were very sweet as well). 

The latte was made from the purple Oregon liquid chai mix (which a ton of people use). It's a little too sweet for me so next time I'll probably just go with a tea.
Such good iced coffee. Tastes like hot coffee tastes but actually is iced coffee. Some iced coffees are more bitter or not enough bitter but this one is the nice amount of bitter. And good ice to coffee ratio. Love the Halloween decorations too. Lovely.
We went to Vineyards Cafe for breakfast after reading about how delicious their crepes are. The inside is pretty small, but has a very warm and inviting atmosphere.  There's also more room downstairs but we never got a chance to check it out. Both servers were very friendly. This place really does feel like your neighborhood cafe, just like their sign says!

I ordered the Norwegian crepe. These were really packed with salmon and avocado.  I never had this combination of foodstuffs together before, but it somehow works. Even my girlfriend who admittedly doesn't like goat cheese or avocados commented on how much she liked the dish. 

I was also able to try a bite or two of her caramel ricotta crepe. Also very delicious and not too sweet. Would be interested in coming back here to try more of their crepes and some of their coffee.
Yoooooo this place is scary as hell. You wanna feel uncomfortable??? Just make your way to Vineyards Cafe and make sure you are specifically non-caucasian!
I am writing this review on behalf of a friend who felt so uncomfortable at this establishment. 
The coffee she had was not made well at all. It tasted like soap. 
The workers were unfriendly and felt hassled by my friend and even annoyed when she wanted to stay in the cafe to do her work like everyone else and have her nasty ass drink. They were unwelcoming.
I was in Philadelphia for a weekend with friends and after we toured the Eastern State Penitentiary I left it up to them to find a nearby lunch spot. I was pleasantly surprised at the variety of menu choices and quality of food - had the salmon/avocado/goat cheese crepe and an iced latte, and probably would have eaten there every day if we stayed in the area (the cafe is sort of hidden).

Note: they have a nicely decorated lower level that offers more dining space.
Yelp suggested this cafe for me. So decided to try it! It was located on this cute little corner midst a residential area. The cafe has seating downstairs too. Though it looks super tiny, it can seat a lot of people.

The menu was huge- it was all squeezed onto a blackboard but surprisingly legible! They offered savory and sweet crepes, sandwiches and freshly baked choco-chip and oatmeal raisin cookies (which were not made in house).  They were ginormous and oh so soft!! 

Coffee was given to you plain, and you can walk up to the little coffee maker corner and add whatever you please.

We ordered-
Maple Ham crepe: pretty large size, over-drizzled with syrup. It was pretty tasty if you like all sweet things. But half way in, it was a little too much of the same taste.

Pesto Sandwich: has pesto, mozzarella, tomatoes and avocado. The baguette was a little too hard for my taste. Was difficult to actually bite it.

Maybe we just had bad selection of food this time, but it looked like a pretty busy little cafe on a saturday.  I would definitely return to give it another chance! But the cookies- yum yum for sure! I'd probably go back at least for one of those!
I love this neighborhood cafe! The coffee is great and their crepes are delicious and hearty! I normally get the one with egg ham and cheese, and I've tried one with bacon that was tasty as well. I especially love the downstairs area; it is a great place to relax and read a book when there are not many customers. The staff is always friendly and the decor is beautiful, but I wish there were more vents because it can get smokey in there sometimes.
Orist and Zoriana are sweet and hospitable owners. Their friendliness puts this place over-the-top for me. I was happy with the coffee and the service otherwise, and impressed with the hard work they've done to make their cafe beautifully lit and warm. Recommended. My favorite coffee shop in Francisville.
Cute little spot in francisville for delicious crepes! just a note though, there are some photos on this yelp page from a previous menu - they do not serve any eggs anymore. I love the nutella crepe, the philly crepe, and I've also had a few sandwiches that were good as well. 

My favorite drink here is an iced mochaccino- it will keep you up to get work done. I wish they had oat milk as a non-dairy option though. 

Pre-covid they were also pet friendly in the upstairs portion!
Crepes!!! That's all i need to say but i'll say more. Nice little place. There is a down stairs so dont worry if you see that there might not be any room for you and your friends. The downstairs is really nice actually. Comfortable chairs and charming little set up. I had the Americano crepe. Gouda, eggs and bacon. Perfect! With some pellegrino to wash it down. Great breakfast for only $10! You can get a crepe for as low as $3:50! So if you're on a budget and want a nice meal. No question, Vineyards is the spot!
Terrific, cozy neighborhood cafe that looks very unassuming but has much to offer. The coffee is from la Colombe, so you know it's good, and the food is desirable as well. The menu is rather expansive for the size of the shop and they manage to do everything well from the sandwiches to the crepes. I highly recommend checking it out. Don't forget to check out the extra seating in the basement, but the outdoor seating is just perfect for the season!
Delicious food & coffee!!! Awesome selection. We had the Honey Bee Crepe & the Goat Bacon crepe to eat. I'd highly recommend both of them. I also got the Mochacchino (hot) and it did not disappoint.

We will definitely be back!
This place is the BEST coffee I've ever had (and it's so cheap!). They use La Colombe, a local Philly favorite. The experience is only heightened by the absolute adorable decor, spacious and welcoming downstairs, and beyond kind owners. The couple is so sincere and continually ask customers what they could do to improve. In my eyes, NOTHING! The coffee, the huge egg sandwiches, the crepes, everything.. pure perfection. Worth going to once and continually going to!
I almost hesitated to review this because I don't want it to become mainstream. Fortunately, it's out of the way enough so that it probably won't be.

This place is beautiful. Amazing coffee, really sweet owners, scandinavian aesthetic, small, quiet, and sort of an oasis in an otherwise coffee desert. Everything is super well-priced. A savory crepe and a massive cup of coffee and a nice place to read a book on a Saturday morning costs me about $10.

I've gotten the honeybee crepe (mozzarella, spinach, egg, honey drizzled on top) and the goat bacon (goat cheese, bacon, mushrooms, tomato) and both were delicious and very fresh. Thanks for existing, guys.
I don't know how it took me so long to visit this place. It's right in my neighborhood and it's AMAZING. I HIGHLY recommend to crepe lovers or newbies. They have so many options and everything we tried was delicious. I've been craving it since our last visit. And it's very affordable for a very large and filling crepe. Also they are great with customizing so really you can have whatever you want and it's delicious. Even if you're not in the area I would go! Heads up that there is seating downstairs but not a ton, so may not be great for large groups.
Nice, small breakfast place run by a husband and wife who make tasty crepes for affordable prices. Pretty small menu but the crepes are worth a trip there.
All the crepes I've tried are fantastic. The coffee is very good, though I wish they had larger sizes available. Looks tiny from the outside there is comfortable seating in the basement.
A cute little place on 16th street, nice and cozy! A group of us went here for breakfast and the food/service was delicious. I got the honey bee and my girlfriend got a sweet crepe and they were both awesome. The iced coffee was awesome too. I would come back here for sure, very awesome low key spot.
I don't yelp often these days but this little spot deserved more than just a click of the 5 star rating. This cozy spot is run by a pair of wonderful people, who each worked to make our crepe birthday breakfast something to remember. We'd read good things, so we ventured far from our usual haunts to give this delightful place a try. You should too.
Came here for a late breakfast. Everything was great. Tried the savory crepe with goat cheese, avocado and salmon, it was delicious. Also tasted the bacon and mushroom omelet on Baguette. Portions were huge and very satisfying. Had a drip coffee which I believe was La Colomb, it was brewed strong and I thought it was very good. I would definitely eat here again and try different variations of savory crepes. This cafe is kind of in a weird location, little hard to find as they are doing lots of construction in the area. Most seating is indoors with two small tables out front.
They gave us great service- such friendly and professional people. I love the atmosphere; it was very clean, comfortable, and charming. The food is delicious.
Great cafe in the growing Francisville neighborhood! Delicious food and coffees! The crepes are savory and sweet; in our two visits thus far, we have had the goat bacon, goat turkey, and strudel crepes. The honey ham sandwich and salad was a huge serving and leftovers  taken home for another meal.  The downstairs seating offers a comfortable, cozy environment. Staff are friendly. Glad to support a local, small business!
This is my go-to spot for coffee. Great staff, great atmosphere, delicious coffee and AWESOME food. What are you waiting for? Get here!
Great coffee, and best crêpes in town!!!
Beautiful interior, and owners and staffs are friendly.
You have to visit at least once, c'est magnifique!!!
REALLY wanted to love their crepes - but alas, it does not compare to other crepe places I've frequented. The little cafe is situated in a weird (but up and coming) neighborhood - super close to my boyfriend's house. I was so excited to try!

Their sandwiches are good. Their crepes (we ordered take-out) got soggy after the 4 minute walk home! It seems like they make their crepes a little watered down, so I noticed a lot of air bubbles when taking a bite of the crepe. It wasn't anything special and the ingredients were a little lacking. 

Their drinks menu could be a little more creative, but for a small place like this, I think it's pretty good. I enjoy their iced lattes and their quiet and quaint little study area.
Outstanding! where do I start..
mochacino is tge best I ever had anywhere. the honeybee crepe was fantastic.one of the best I have ever had no kiding.  veggie omelet was fresh and tasty. next time I might switch the goat cheese with mozzarella or ricotta. strawberry nutella was also good, but honeybee was just anazing.  best of all price was very reasonable and service was excellent.
Coffee and food were delicious. Pesto crepe and veg omelette were both awesome! A unique breakfast menu and a great little corner spot with friendly staff. Nicely decorated with indoor and outdoor seating. Walked a mile to get here after I saw the Yelp reviews- well worth it!
This place is great. The coffee is great, the crepes with a large variety of savory and sweet are delicious and the service is sensational. The shop is very inviting; Orest and his wife (shop owners) are super friendly. We were very surprised to learn that there was additional seating in the basement area which was very comfortable and nicely decorated.  If you're in neighborhood stop by and if you live a distance away it is with the trip!
What an amazing place.  The crepes are amazing and as was said by many reviewers, the honeybee crepe is something you must try.  The atmosphere is nice and relaxing with friendly staff.
This place is pretty hidden away and in a really random spot, but it's worth it no matter your travel.  If you're eating in be sure to check the downstairs to ensure there's room, it's small but very cozy.  I couldn't recommend this place more.
So happy I visited and I cannot wait to get back. Beautiful building inside and out, pleasant and kind staff, and delicious savory crepes! I can't recommend Vineyards highly enough.
Fantastic little cafe hidden in an upcoming neighborhood nice outdoor seating reminds me of a cafe on Montmartre in Paris a must visit there coffees are amazing and food just delicious
The food is delicious and for a very affordable price. The people are really nice and the place itself is very clean and well decorated. Had the eggs on bacon and the Nutella + strawberries crepes.
We came on a rainy morning not long after the cafe opened, and the cafe was understandably empty. Boyfriend and I grabbed the lone table upstairs. There were window bar seats though and a downstairs I didn't get a chance to check out. I ordered a caramel ricotta crepe and boyfriend got a smoked salmon avocado one. Service was super friendly and fast. My crepe came out larger than I'd anticipated, but I still managed to finish it; it was drizzled with diluted caramel syrup (so not overly sweet) and dusted with powdered sugar. I usually dislike smoked salmon and avocado, but I tried the Boyfriend's crepe, and I surprisingly really liked it. I liked it just as much as the crepe I ordered. This is a cafe I'd revisit if I were in the area again just to try their other creations.
This place is super cute. I came here for breakfast before work and ate in. I had a savory crepe, the Americano I believe, and a macchiato. It was ready pretty quickly, and was very good. The crepe is on the larger side; I managed to eat most of it but probably shouldn't have. The space is well-lit because of the windows, and on the smaller side. I'm not sure if there's another floor with more seating.
I can not say enough about the Norwegian and Honey Bee crepes. The only thing better would be the cappuccino, easily one of the best I've ever enjoyed. 

The staff is very friendly and though they said our food would take 15 to 20 minutes it seemed closer to 5. 

Definitely on the short list for a return!
This little hidden cafe has AMAZING bagels. I think it's French owned. Their bagels are soft and tasty! They're pretty affordable too! I am putting them on my list of favorite cafe/coffee shops in Philly.
Wow I never knew crepes could taste sooo good! LOVE this place! new favorite!! The strawberry au sucre was absolutely on point. It melted in my mouth lol. Their savory crepes taste amazing and are quite filling as well.
I am a HUGE fan of Vineyards Cafe! The staff is all super friendly, and I am a big fan of how they do iced coffee (essentially a red eye, which is DELICIOUS!) And honestly, their pesto sandwich is one of my top favorite sandwiches. I love that they're right down the street from me, and I appreciate that they were able to open up again to do takeout service during the pandemic. Definitely check them out!!!
There aren't a lot of destination dining spots in Francisville...yet, but Vineyards is certainly an exception.  The owners took a bit of a gamble by opening this fantastic european style corner cafe at 16th and Ogden amidst a ton of residential development.  After watching the place fill up to the brim today, I think they made a smart move by fulfilling a need here in the Francisville community.  

The space is bright, clean and feels comfortable with all the reclaimed wood.  The upstairs doesn't have much space, but surprisingly, there's a cozy garden level seating area below.  The menu consists of savory and sweet crepes, sandwiches, salads and a few omelets.  The drink menu is diverse, and while we don't drink coffee, everyone else seemed to be enjoying it.  

We loved the ham, gouda and walnut with maple syrup crepe.  (It was a little bit better than the crepes we had in Paris.)  The Norwegian crepe was loaded with goat cheese, smoked salmon and avocado, and the ricotta/caramel variety had just the right amount of sweetness.  

We'll be back for sure and we wish them the best of luck as a cornerstone eatery in the neighborhood.  As the density continues to fill in, I'm certain they will be in good company.
Amazing place!!! Cozy atmosphere!!!
Such a friendly stuff!!! Sooo delicious food and COFFEE
Truly the best coffee shop in Francisville. So happy they are able to be open during COVID through the mini window. My go to here is iced chi & their Maple Ham crepe  (best crepe EVER). I come here for a morning work drink or after a long night where I KNOW I need my crepe. Staff is so friendly, highly recommend if you are in the area!
Solid little cafe serving crepes and coffee 

Crepes were huge, with fresh fillings and a great batter. 

The coffees looked great though I didn't have one.
I was very pleased with the menu. The crepes are delicious and the coffee is amazing. There is free WiFi too and it's a great place to study.
Was studying here with a friend a few weekends back. The café is a cozy little space located in a rapidly developing niche in Fairmount.
I'm big on studying in cafés so ambience matters to me a lot. I wasn't a big fan of the interior space, it was rather lackluster, though it let in a lot of sunlight. There was seating out front and downstairs but the main area itself (which is where we were situated) was rather small and had one outlet on the other end of the room. If you're going to come here to work, I advise grabbing the one seat by the outlet or bringing a fully-charged laptop. 
There's free wifi and it's pw-protected, which is great.
Vineyards offers lots of different beverages, baked goods, and sweet and savory crepes. My friend and I only ordered two chai lattes, which tasted like your typical coffeeshop chai latte, so nothing really mind-blowing. The owners were very polite, which was nice. Overall, a pretty ordinary café with crepes and nice people. I'd come here again, but mainly because my friend lives in the area and we'd most likely be doing our work here.
Delicious Crepes! I got the Norwegian which had goat cheese avocado and Salmon. It was soft and delish. I wish they brought syrup out. Didn't see it on the counter until after.

My wife got the Strudel Crepe with apples and cinnamon. It was pretty basic.

Would go back again. What a hidden gem!
It's in the neighborhood and very easy to access even during COVID. I think they are opened from 8 am-1 pm but their window is opened and you can order, grab, and go. Contactless, of course.
This place is a quaint breakfast place with a basement lounge perfect for any hipster. The one time I went they ran out of bagels, and I went at a normal breakfast time, but to be fair, you go for the crepes. These are BOMB. They have a lot of unique combinations but they also let you tweak them. This is a great local breakfast stop to pickup or to grab a bite and hang out.
Love this little neighborhood spot!  Food is great (good quality and prices), their outdoor area is so cute, and the staff are always extremely friendly.  Lucky to have them in the 'hood!
Terrific, cozy neighborhood cafe that looks very unassuming but has much to offer. The coffee is from la Colombe, so you know it's good, and the food is desirable as well. The menu is rather expansive for the size of the shop and they manage to do everything well from the sandwiches to the crepes. I highly recommend checking it out. Don't forget to check out the extra seating in the basement, but the outdoor seating is just perfect for the season!
