Volver translates to "return" (in Spanish), and that is what we did! Return for a third visit, during restaurant night last night! 
It is no secret Volver's prices are some of the priciest in the city, so when restaurant week approached I quickly grabbed a table for four. I had been a few times before for drinks and small bites after a show, so I was really excited to have dinner.. 
The meal did not disappoint, salmon cannoli, shrimp toast (a favorite), asparagus terrine, and milk and cereal!! The milk & cereal was WOW, they brought out a glass bowl with fungi, bacon and other yumminess then using a baby milk carton shaped flask poured a thick milky liquid over it in front of us at the table. It was delish and definitely my favorite appetizer, loved the fun spectacle!
Mains were great too, white fish, Kobe beef.. the chocolate desert puffs and caramelized orange cream finished off the evening nicely! Almost forgot to mention they are hot cocktail competitors in the secret center city cocktail competition! 
The decor is beautiful too, I've only ever been seated in the large bar lounge room adorned with artistic textured felt walls and blue velvet chairs.
Oh and LOL I used the restroom during desert at 10pm (Kimmel center restroom) and when I went to get back into the restaurant the doors were all locked so I had to walk to the outside window and wave my hands around to get the attention of my friends to have a waiter open the door. I was crying I was laughing so hard ha ha ha ha
Volvér is a little hit or miss for me. My first experience for dinner after they first opened was pretty exceptional. Since then, I've returned for drinks on several occasions and dinner at the bar about a month ago. 

The happy hour menu offers some deals, but bites are on the very small side. The paella maki roll sounded awesome but wasn't really all that special, in my opinion. 

Moving on to dinner, the grass fed beef tenderloin with potatoes and broccolini was excellent. But, again, small. There were two nice slices of beef, three tiny potatoes and two stems of broccolini. The size of the plate compared with what was on it was laughable, quite honestly. But every bite was delicious and I also didn't feel guilty so there's that. 

My husband ordered the fried chicken sandwich, which looked delicious. For just $13 (or $16, with bacon), you actually do get a ton of food so maybe consider that or the burger if you are really hungry. Unfortunately, the chicken was reportedly "chewy", which was obviously a surprise considering the caliber of the restaurant. 

I feel like this review reads more like a three star account, but I'm going with four because I love the female bartender who works there - she's always friendly and fun. Considering the prices and inconsistency with the food, I probably won't be rushing back to eat but would drop in for a drink or two.
I'm still a new enough Philadelphian that I haven't visited too many places multiple times. There's just so many fine dining and drinking establishments to repeat.... right?

Wrong.

Confession: last week, I went to Bar Volver 5 nights in a row. Yup... After night three, each time bringing a new guest (or pair of guests) to experience the wonder with me, I figured why not go for the five-peat? Encouraged by mixologist master Scott Rodrigue, I kept bringing new friends and family to spread the word of this, IMHO, shockingly deserted bar. I'm not sure if folks realize that you can stroll in and grab a cocktail and an upscale bar snack without dropping nearly $200. The signature cocktails ring in at $12 each, a bargain compared to some other cocktail bars that I shan't name here. And I'll go ahead and reveal that, over my week of Volvering, I tried 7/9 of Volver's signature cocktails, in addition to one or two bespoke cocktails whipped up by Scott himself.

Sugar Snap: My very favorite, the drink I revisited again and again, was the Sugar Snap. Traditionally a vodka drink, per suggestion, I enjoy it with gin. It also features sherry, citrus, and the juice from sugar snap peas. Nothing could taste lighter, fresher, and like liquid spring. 

Bancock Gibson: I'm not one for martinis, but liquid courage and verbal encouragement from Scott, I dove into a Bancock Gibson, a gin based cocktail complete with lemongrass and vermouth. The garnish was a sous vide-ified onion, which was actually a delightful splash of flavor in a surprisingly smooth cocktail.

Basil Chile Smash: Visually stimulating, this eye catching gin-based cocktail has tastes of lime, basil, and a few hot drops of housemade tomato chile oil. Each splash of chile that hit my mouth led to an explosion on the tastebuds, and a very enjoyable cocktail all the way through. I had to make sure not to share this one TOO much as my partner for the evening found it more enjoyable than his drink of choice.

Mission Margarita: Reposado tequila, Perdo Ximinez sherry, lime, and fig jam?! I LOVE FIGS!! And I REALLY loved this drink. A little sweeter than I normally choose, but life's too short to not treat yourself now and then with a sweet treat.... more on that soon.

Smoked Marcona Old Fashioned: I affectionately consider most Old Fashioned's that I've tried borderline rocket fuel. After a tumultuous undergrad, bourbon and I sometimes don't get along very well. But take some torched alder wood, smoke the hell out of a glass, and add housemade marcona almond bitters, and suddenly.... we're (still kind of lukekwarm) friends. Pleasant, though I preferred to share with friends than enjoy all on my own.

Truffle Rush: Ok.... have you ever enjoyed the truffle lavender honey over manchego cheese at Garces' Amada? Now imagine that liquified. You've got this bourbon-based cocktail. Savory, incredibly interesting... but not something I would order unless many sips were being had by others. Too much going on for my palate.

Broad and Spruce: Ahhh I see what they did there. Another sweet drink, my mother chose this cocktail and was NOT disappointed. Rum, Licor 43, pineapple, and bitters, it tasted like it should be called The Tahiti Hawaii instead of the, far closer, Broad and Spruce. Staycation in a glass.

If none of these are to your taste, I suggest leaving yourself in the very capable hands of the skilled mixologists. There are enough ingredients and options for fans of all flavors.

Thus far, I've enjoyed a wagyu tartare and a salmon tartare, both served with herb-grilled focaccia, both melt-in-your-mouth. Three pieces, perfect for any trio (or a very hungry single).

Here's a recommendation: Go for the dessert. Their petits fours can be ordered as 8 pieces or 12 pieces.... and as incredible as the petits tartes with chocolate or salted caramel were.... I kinda just wish I had 8 Canneles (unsure of how to make that word plural... unless it already is plural... oh, French.) A small French pastry with a soft and tender custard center and a dark, thick caramelized crust (thanks WIkipedia), this was just a game changer like I have never tried before.

Can't wait to go back... maybe not for 5 nights in a row (they're closed Sundays in the summer, so that would be impossible for a while). But goodness it's lovely.
Couple of weeks ago, Michelle P, Tina T and I came here for Restaurant Week. I hate to say this, but I think a place like Volvér, at the Kimmel Center, should not be allowed to have an off-day. Michelle and Tind wrote two detailed reviews, so I'll simply just summarize my disappointing dining experience: 
1. Service: Slow, slow, incredibly SLOW and very unappealing. 
2. Food: Nothing special, or worth going back for.
3. Price: Overprice.

Sorry chef Garces, but Volver didn't deliver.
Two and half Yelps.
*** This is a review for Bar Volver ***

When Volver opened in Philly, it promulgated the arrival of a ticket system a la Momofuku Ko and Alinea. While this works in only a few New York and Chicago restaurants, Philly's foodies were not having it - especially with the city's highest tasting menu price point. After a year's run in the Kimmel Center, Iron Chef Jose Garces recently decided to lower the stakes. Volver has now opted for a standard reservation system and more competitive pricing.

I'll keep my opinions to myself on Volver until I try it out. But earlier this year, the GF did stop by Bar Volver to try some of their "bites" and cocktails before heading to see Sister Act at the Kimmel Center.

The entrance to Bar Volver and the main restaurant are on the north side of the orchestral hall in the Kimmel Center. It's sleek and spacious, with a glass wall filled with bottles of wine along the entrance. Seating is available around the main bar, with comfortable lounge chairs and tables off to the side.

Mission Margarita [$12]
Reposado tequila, Pedro Ximenez sherry, lime, fig

The GF started off with what she deigned to be one of the best margarita's she's ever had. The smooth tequila was pronounced, but the understated sweetness from the sherry and fig balanced it out nicely. And with the brightness from the lime, this was definitely a winner.

Truffle Rush [$12]
Bourbon, truffle, lavender honey, lemon

When I saw that there was a truffle cocktail, I was intrigued and knew I had to try it out. I assumed the truffle and lavender honey was from Garces Trading Company, and while this was an interesting tipple, the truffle overpowered the bite of the bourbon. After a few sips, the headiness of the truffle was all I could sense. 

Tuna Tartare [$14]
Yuzu mayo, edamame, shiso, chile oil, crunchy garlic

But on to the food! One of the highlights from Volver is the fact that they get a daily shipment from the famed Tsukiji Market in Tokyo, Japan. The components of the traditional tartare came out in separate stainless steel dishes. The tuna had nice texture and a lusciousness that was perfect for the tartare.

The wasabi-yuzu mayo was a nice counterpoint to the fattiness of the tuna, with the crunchy garlic adding additional texture. The tartare came with a quartet of grilled foccacia - a common element to many of the other dishes we ordered (read: we had way too much bread). Still, the bread was fresh, pillowy, and crusted on the outside.

Wagyu Tartare [$12]
Shallot, dijon, capers, quail egg yolk, tomato, fines herbes 

The wagyu tartare was served similarly. It was fresh and was well-seasoned to accent the great beefiness. The dill was bright, with the capers and tomatoes providing the acid.

The creaminess of the egg helped to bring everything together. This was all served with more foccacia

Wagyu Tartine [$9]
Shaved ribeye, black truffle provoleta, charred scallion

We decided to try two tartines as well. The wagyu was shaved thinly and was complemented with sharp Argentinian provolone. The charred scallion mix provided great acid and flavor, all atop some more grilled foccacia.

Ham & Cheese [$6]
Spalaccia, red pepper confit, tomme de savoie, basil aioli 

The ham and cheese highlighted La Quercia spalaccia. The cured shoulder is from acorn-fed Iowa Berkshire pigs, aged up to 22 months. This resulted in strips of pork that were almost glassy and translucent. The richness of the ham was complemented nicely by the acidic sweetness of the red pepper confit and the herbaceousness of the basil aioli. 

Lomo Iberico [$8]
Iberian cured pork loin, red pepper - Dehesa Cordobesa; Adalucia, Spain

Loving secreto, I had to get an order of the lomo iberico as well. While I didn't know that it came atop more of that foccacia (sense a theme?), the ham was clean and delicious. The acid from the tomato underneath helped to balance the fattiness of the pork. Due to the overload of foccacia, we opted to forego most of the bread for this course. This may have been for the best because there was less to detract from the secreto.

Triple Cream [$12]
Organic cow's milk, cave-ripened organic triple cream - Champlain Valley Creamery

We decided to end our meal with a triple cream cheese - light, airy, and buttery, with some slight bitterness at the end. Delicious and of course, served with more of the foccacia.

Service was friendly, but contained. From what I hear, there is more of a show put on at Volver. As expected from Chef Garces and his staff, the flavors were all there and the dishes were well-seasoned. The bread overload aside (I realize the typical Bar Volver diner will be ordering one or two bites), Bar Volver offers nice riffs on cocktails and an array of dishes that will whet your appetite to consider shelling out for the true Volver experience.
Sure, I'll write the first review of the tasting menu. :P

Fiancé and I booked tickets to Volvér for the Sunday after its opening. This happened to be Easter Sunday, and that fact in conjunction with the adolescence of the restaurant contributed to us being one of three tables dining there that evening. We opted for the Performance Tasting: $175 per person, plus tax and gratuity paid prior to our arrival in our ticket price (I believe it was ~$450 total for the two of us). Drinks were surveyed and purchased at dinner and paid for at the end of the meal.

First thing you'll notice is the space is quite beautiful. No stuffy white on white on white - the design and color palette you see on the website translates to the space inside Volvér; calming shades of dark blue/grey and silver with hints of white. The space is dark in that sense but not unwell lit. You'll first walk past the bar/lounge area, then enter the dining space. The open kitchen amounts to almost half of the space: it's a rectangular setup with an inner island. Here you can watch the staff as they prepare, cook, and plate your meal. The kitchen is quiet, portraying a discipline expected of a restaurant serving food of this caliber (read: price). The rest of the space displays a spacious 34-seat floor plan, with full floor-to-ceiling window panels spanning the length of the room opposite the kitchen. We were seated at a two-top next to the glass windows, where I could people-watch on my left and kitchen-watch on my right. My coat was hung, and when I was about to put my purse on the floor, our waiter, Geoffrey, came by with a Volvér branded purse hook to hang off of our table. How cute.

Drink list was offered via iPad. Waiter had great suggestions on cocktails dependent on our base liquor of choice, and drinks were offered at weaker/stronger mixes if we felt they hadn't come out to our liking. I had the Sugar Snap (it tasted like the BluePrint pineapple mint juice with a hint of vodka, which I suppose is neither a good nor bad thing), and my fiancé had the Basil Chile Smash (he approved) and the Bancock Gibson (a little strong for me, but he enjoyed). I opted to have a single glass of wine to be served during the heavier portion of my meal, and requested the waiter simply recommend and serve as he found appropriate (we went for a medium-bodied French Pinot Noir). Cocktails were $12 each and my glass of wine was $20. Weren't incredibly impressed with the drinks, but weren't unhappy with them either. However, I do expect something with more wow-factor at that price.

The Performance tasting menu, originally publicized as 12 courses, was presented to us as 14. My shellfish allergy was taken care of with no problem (ok I lied, my throat itched just a bit during/after the squid dish which originally had some kind of shellfish foam, but it was so minor I didn't need to say anything). Plates were set down in synchronization and our waiter told Garces' story and concept behind each dish. Standouts include the Milk and Cereal (very well thought out and wonderfully executed. My favorite of the night), the KFS (a play on KFC, my fiancé's favorite), and the deconstructed carrot cake, with a presentation eerily similar to Grant Achatz's end dessert at Alinea (instead of the plastic table cloth with the ball of white chocolate and goodies dropped and shattered into a million delectable pieces, the carrot cake components came on a wooden board encompassing the entire table, with a coconut mousse in the middle, smashed open by our waiter. Similar effect, similar share-able presentation). Did not find myself disappointed in any one dish, though was incredibly full (it started with the Petit Pois, which while deliciously smothered in butter, was too large a portion of something that tastes the same in each bite). Couldn't even finish the end of the savory courses (fish and beef), despite both being very good.

At the end of our meal we received a printed copy of the tasting menu signed by Chef de Cuisine Natalie Maronski. We left full and tipsy, walked up 15th street back to our condo, and found out we were fortunate to have mentioned to our waiter where we lived since it was so close to the restaurant: 3 blocks into our walk home, Geoffrey tapped my fiancé on the shoulder, having run after us in his full suit and tie in the cold weather, my fiancé's forgotten credit card in hand. Service was at its best, during and after the meal.

Overall, we're pleased that Garces has ventured into such a high level of dining for the Philadelphia scene. Not entirely sure the target market in the greater area is large enough to sustain the restaurant and its business model, but time will tell. If I had friends visiting from NYC and I wanted to impress them, I'd happily take them to Volvér (though the lack of flexibility in changing tickets would make it a bit stressful). Great ambiance, acceptable drinks, pretty good to amazing food, and fantastic service. 4/5 would recommend.
What a bunch of pompous jerk offs that work here.  Upon entering the restaurant at 7pm, I was told there was a private party coming in at 8pm, and we would have to move...Ok.  When we sat at the bar we were told there was a private party coming in at 8pm and we would have to move...ok.

So basically we have an hour. Bartender took our drink order and I asked what Oysters were on the menu, as I had been there before and ate oysters all three times.  He said, "There aren't oysters on the menu." Ok.  I said, "Ok.  I've eaten here before and there were oysters?"

He then said, "we changed the menu.." No shit dick head.  Thanks for the update sir.   Next time just say it this way so you don't look like a jerk off and make me feel like an asshole by not knowing your restaurants menu by heart.  

"I apologize, we do not have any oysters on the menu.  Our special tonight is the Wagu tartare.  It's delicious and I think you'll enjoy it. ". 

Like we were told when we came in we were promptly moved to the back bar for the private party at a half an hour early at 7:28pm. 

I have to add that I attempted to use the bathroom.  When I did this, like a normal human being, I walked to the bathroom.  I Was physically stopped at 7:36.  I want to repeat this so it's clear. I was physically stopped from walking to the bathroom because the private party was starting. Can you believe that shit?

We couldn't take it anymore and left at 7:50. 

Fuck your volver.
My husband and I had been looking for a special occasion to visit Volver. We had both been dying to try the restaurant side and do the tasting menu. We chose the 6 course tasting menu with the wine pairing. The total bill came to $381.00. We have done tasting menus at other places around the city and have never had any issue. Every course that came was delicious, but TINY. The biscuit that came with the KFS was MAYBE 3/4 of an inch in diameter. It became a joke by course 4 at how tiny the portions were. And I get it if you're doing the 12 course menu. We saw them cooking decently sized steak in the kitchen...so we had hope we were going to be fed well at some point. NOPE! They gave us a small slice of the Wagu (maybe slightly more than half an inch in thickness). Now, I'm not a heavy eater, but for almost $400, I certainly expect to leave full. 
I would absolutely go to any other Garces restaurant...but not this one.
So last night was epic!  8PM Performance Tasting with my wife which was a 3 1/2 hour masterpiece of influences of Chef Garces throughout his life each wonderfully described by our Captain, Mike.

We arrived about 20 minutes early and were offered to start the meal right away or have a drink in the sea of blue Van Gogh Starry Night influenced bar.  We chose the bar and had a margarita and a vodka drink which had sugar snap peas infused with it.  It was striking how you tasted the peas within the drink but you eventually got used to it and the vodka wasn't too shabby, either.  Captain Mike then came and escorted us to the dining area with its open kitchen where you can see every chef working hard to plate everything with exacting standards.  You see the tweezers, you watch the lettuce cut from the "ground," you watch the searing of the meat, everything!

The restaurant this Friday night only had maybe a half dozen parties so it was interesting to see every staff member working so hard, but with an ease about themselves.  The kitchen staff did not seem frazzled...even with Chef Garces behind the lines!  Service cannot be beat at Volver.

The service even started days before the meal when I was called to inquire about any food allergies or issues that may come up.  My wife, unfortunately, is not a fan of some textures (such as sushi) and does not like all seafood per se so I asked that all seafood be changed out.  This turned out to be absolutely no issue for Chef Garces and his staff.  Some changes were vegetarian dishes, but even Captain Mike and his cohort said that the Pork that subbed the Seasonal Fish course #10 was the better of the two.  I tried the pork and had to reluctantly agree.

So for the meal itself, just like the life experiences explained to us, that some are better than others.  I did include pictures of every course if you want to see what's coming.  The plates, although small, will fill you up and the pacing of the meal is spot on.  You can actually talk with your date!  

My #1 favorite was the Milk and Cereal (rice flakes, quail egg, bacon, oyster truffle, thyme marshmallows) with warm white milk created with asparagus poured over.  Absolutely delicious with every spoonful delivering a different taste and texture.  

Another favorite would be the KFS (fried squab, biscuit, celery root slaw, gravy, corn, hot sauce).  It was explained that Volver is the only restaurant in the country that has the same pressure cookers that the chain KFC uses.  Chef Garces wants, Chef Garces gets!  Extremely tasty and the slaw almost was better then the squab.

You would never think that peas alone would be a top of mine, but the Petit Pois (pea butter) was right up there.  It was more of a palate cleanser and tasted as if it came fresh from your garden and then sautéed with some butter.  Nice and light crunchy peas.

Those were my top 3 but everything was so well constructed (and deconstructed - the carrot cake dessert!) All of the substitutes for my wife were just as tasty and well thought out.  She got Fiddleheads, Parsnips, and Pork just to name a few substitutes.  

Chef Garces towards the end of the meal made a special effort to visit all of the guests.  He is extremely proud of this restaurant.  He said that the kitchen is exactly what he wanted as his own personal kitchen.  He picked everything and although he loves all of his restaurants, Volver is his home.  My wife and I were very happy to go through Chef Garces' life journey in food.

$450 (prepaid via tickets) + $80 in drinks (paid at restaurant) for 2.

I would absolutely come back for this superior service and meal.  However, probably for the Pre-Theatre Menu which is less expensive, and I was advised from Captain Mike contains my top likes from the Performance Tasting Menu.  That would be my go-to from now on.

Chef Garces, Captain Mike, and all the staff, thank you for a wonderful evening out with my wife.  Being in the service industry can be extremely difficult but you all made it look effortless.  

I think I'll take 14 courses of Milk and Cereal, Captain Mike!
We do a lot of tasting menus. I came into this restaurant expecting it to be good. Great, even. But even still, it exceeded all expectations. Each course somehow continued to surprise me. Even from a price point perspective, compared to other tasting menu options in Philadelphia, Volver is fantastic. Not too mention fantastic ambience, service, and presentation. I will absolutely come back. Don't miss it.
I had the highest of hopes for Volver and when Sari A. mentioned they had a restaurant week menu, I was totally sold on getting in the door. 

First thing's first. There's Volver and Bar Volver. Volver has the fancy, expensive tasting menu. Bar Volver has the more reasonable bar menu. Bar Volver was participating in restaurant week. 

All started off well. I was greeted very warmly when I entered and joined my party already seated. We had a cozy little bar table/booth against the east-most wall. Although it was restaurant week, they were still honoring their regular happy hour menu. We started with happy hour beverages and a cheese to split. 

I will cut to the chase on this review. The service was slow and disjointed. Yes, it was restaurant week. I'm well aware service in general is notorious for being subpar during this gimmicky time to dine. HOWEVER... and this is a big however. Bar Volver is located in the Kimmel Center. They should be fully prepared to handle a large crowd, at an appropriate speed, at any given time. The restaurant wasn't particularly crowded during our visit either. I don't want to hear restaurant week as an excuse for this establishment. 

There was a generous lag time before any food preparation even came into play. It took a while for them to put through very basic requests, like a cup of ice.  Our server never checked on us after our entrees were served. Not once. We sat around for a while waiting for plates to be cleared. I also found it odd that she would address a specific member of the group when a general question was asked. I'd truly expect better service-wise. 

So of course, you want to hear about the food. It was pretty good, but nothing really extraordinary:

St. Stephen: I probably liked the cheese plate the best. The cow cheese was creamy and accented so nicely with a touch of honey.  

Kale Salad: The kale salad had a surprise topping of full anchovies. I was happy that the kale was chopped versus whole leaves. The garlic dressing tasted more like a standard Caesar though. 

Organic Chicken: While I thoroughly enjoyed the dish, it really wasn't anything "special." The boneless chicken had a crisp, seasoned fried breading and was deceivingly much larger than it looked. Unfortunately, while it was mostly boneless, I did find a few bones here and there. The white meat was very juicy and tender. Would it be weird to rave about the biscuit? It was probably one of the best biscuits I've ever had. It was so light, fluffy, buttery and piping hot. But I'm not going to Volver, or even Bar Volver for the biscuit. 

Orange and Pistachio Parfait: Everything took so long that we ended up asking for our desserts to be wrapped up. They had issues packaging this specific dessert to go, although it ended up in a small, plastic dish similar to one would receive with miso soup. I'm not sure what the challenge was. The orange meringue had a nice flavor and texture, but I wasn't a fan of the vanilla egg cream. I won't be too critical since it's not meant to travel, but it kind of looking like bubbling dish soap and didn't have a ton of flavor. 

To sum up, I was rather disappointed with the experience. While I'd probably pop in at some point to give Bar Volver another shot, I'm not going to take that leap of faith, and heavy investment, to try Volver.
After walking past Volvér a million times, I finally had a chance to make it in for restaurant week. Admittedly, my expectations weren't that high given some of my prior restaurant week experiences at pricier restaurants (see: microscopic portions). However, Volvér was quite generous.

I'll start with my cocktail. I ordered The Cooper and it was phenomenal. Sweet (but not overwhelming so) and rich enough for me to sip throughout my dinner. Well worth the $13.

As for the food, I ordered the hamachi tartare to start, a duck dish that I don't quite remember the name of (all of the photos I took...and not one of them was a photo of the menu), and the panna cotta. The hamachi tartare was a surprisingly generous portion for a small plate. The combination of ingredients were a bit strange to me, but somehow they all came together in a pretty tasty dish (the mango pearls were an especially nice touch). I wish I recalled more specific details of the duck dish, but I do remember the skin being crispy and the meat being tender.

The reason the experience was a 4 for me and not a 5 was the dessert. The black sesame panna cotta wasn't bad, but I didn't enjoy the taste of it enough to finish it. I thought my friend's ultra-rich cocoa choux was much better (which says a lot, as dense chocolate desserts are not my preference).

The service was fast, reliable, and friendly and the overall atmosphere was very classy. The general manager stopped by our table and mentioned that they'll be rotating their menus by country within the next few months (I think he said the first countries will be Italy and Vietnam). Without restaurant week this place is quite expensive, but the concept sounds interesting enough that I might give Volvér a second look. As far as my restaurant week experience went, it was a good value for the price.
Tl;dr: If you like creative takes on classic dishes like I do, you'll love Volver! Classy af, great staff, creative food (get the Chicken Noodle Soup, be wary of the Ricotta & Herb Ravioli). Amazing fine dining experience, highly recommend.

Since Volver is one of Philly's most expensive restaurants, as well as a Jose Garces restaurant, I just HAD to take advantage of their restaurant week tasting menu (and I'd recommend y'all do the same). The iron chef has done it again - this place is fantastic!!

Venue/service: Impeccable. The entire staff is so friendly and courteous, it's obvious that they're dedicated to maintaining a high-class dining experience. Even though the place is small, they've arranged the seating in a way that feels compartmentalized, for a quiet and intimate feel.

FOOD: For everyone wondering what kind of food Volver serves, all I can say is FUSION. Garces picked elements of various cuisines and combined them into these inventive, tasty dishes.
-Paella Maki Rolls: a play on classic sushi, saffron rice wrapped in prosciutto and a center w/ shrimp, chorizo, roasted red peppers, and a curry seasoning - great flavor combinations!! Maki means tuna in Japanese, but this dish doesn't actually have any raw tuna in it (yay, no mercury).
-"Chicken noodle soup": FAVORITE. I was prepared to get a boring bowl of soup when I ordered this, but instead was BLOWN AWAY - I can't get over how creative this app was!! Vermicelli noodles, bacon bits, and chicken were arranged in a little nest under a fried, over-easy quail egg. The broth was served separately so you could pour it over the nest yourself. The broth somehow highlighted each element in the soup, creating a multi-dimensional taste with each bite. So fun, so creative, so delicious.
-Ricotta & Herb Ravioli: SO FREAKIN' SALTY. I'm a fan of savory, but this was too much. It took us a while to figure out that it's the tomato sauce itself that was over salted. Disappointing, because the ravioli itself was really good, as was the eggplant puree (w/ a dash of squid ink for color - how cool is that?). The ricotta slices and herbs were really fresh and helped tamper the salt a little, but I'm almost hoping that someone accidentally over-salted this dish and it's not really supposed to be this salty.
-Alaskan Halibut: the halibut was cooked to a tender perfection and served with a fragant, creamy celery puree which was so good! It also comes with an earthy little salad - I love chantarelle mushrooms!!

DESSERT: Orange & Pistachio Parfait. There's only one option on the RW menu, but it was divine! Pistachio, cacao nibs, and toffee bits add a delightful texture to the creamy caramel parfait topped with a fluffy, zesty meringue. There's a little slice of cake at the bottom, so be sure to dig your spoon all the way down!

Overall, I loved Volver. I would definitely describe dining here as an experience. The food is so creative, truly showcasing the best of culinary arts.
This is really the most amazing dining experience I've had.

The tasting menu is constructed around experiences in Iron Chef Jose Garces's life.  We had Monterey squid with a caviar tapioca to highlight his time in Singapore; we had "milk and cookies" with almond milk, truffles, and chicken oysters as a reminder of his childhood, etc.  The 14 courses (!) were universally incredible and the wine pairings were both unusual and perfectly matched.  The service was the best I have experienced at a high-end restaurant.

We had a drink at the bar afterwards.  While the liquor selection could be more diverse, the service was again fantastic.

The meal here is comparable (and probably superior) to Manresa or the French Laundry on the west coast.  I hope the Philadelphia can support it.
My wife and I did the pre-theatre tasting menu and absolutely loved it.  This was inventive cuisine where the flavor of the food finally matched the idealism of the chef!  Not only are each of the dishes extremely inventive, but I found the flavor, texture, temperature, and even color combinations worked extremely well together and brought the level of the meal higher than anything I have experienced in Philadelphia.  Volver is Philadelphia's best restaurant.

Service is outstanding, and achieves high-end, fine dining level yet remains extremely comfortable and engaging. The wait staff is all suited in very modern threads, and the restaurant itself has a sleek avant-garde feel without losing intimacy or cosiness.

Volver is all about theatre, and you can certainly tell from the food itself, the stories behind each dish, the presentation of each dish, and even the open-kitchen and restaurant concept, where you can witness all the cooking, even the prep-work, as well as the exterior, as the seating area is glass-enclosed but open to the exterior.  You almost feel as though you're eating on one of the most vibrant streets of Philadelphia and people can certainly see you from the outside!

There are two areas to Volver, the bar area/lounge, which was quite crowded, and the main restaurant area.  You enter through the Kimmel Center, so there is ample parking at the theatre itself plus you get to soak up the sophisticated vibe of the theatre goers.

All areas of presentation and cooking are perfectly executed.  It's all about the details here.  Even the napkins are lint-free!

So let's outline the pre-theatre tasting menu.  I posted a pic too, since the one-line descriptions don't do these dishes justice:

1) Snacks (Siberian Sturgeon Caviar + Carnitas Popcorn + 'Deviled Egg' Duck Liver Mouse) -- Outstanding.  Very high-end caviar, with creme fraiche which really made it pop.  My DP loved the carnitas popcorn. I had a tuna tartar too, since I don't eat meat.  They were happy to accommodate with extra fish

1a) Croissant with thyme -- loved it, and so did my French wife who usually bemoans the state of bread in Philadelphia. The texture is a little bit closer to a cinnamon roll in some ways but the exterior is still flakey and you have the high-end butter infused throughout

2) Tsukiji Market Fish -- Wow.  This was a red snapper (madai) straight from Japan.  I'm a big sushi snob, and saw them prep this fish.  I saw how it was packaged, which is the same as the top-flight sushi joints in NYC, LA, etc.  The fish was outstanding, and the green apple "snow" was extremely interesting.  Fantastic dish

3) Milk & Cereal -- my favorite of the night, believe it or not.  Rice flakes, quail egg, truffle, thyme marshmallows, and white asparagus milk all worked together to basically recreate all the warm feelings you have about eating cereal as a kid but elevating it to pure nirvana

4) From the Garden -- super fresh greens (snipped in front of you, really), with a an extremely interesting goat-cheese "dirt," which is their way of saying goat cheese infused with squid ink.  Wonderful, complex dish

5) Veta La Palma -- I apologize as I forgot the name of the fish here (too much delicious wine!), but this was outstanding and the South Spanish flavors were very unique to me, and I loved the rice

6) Cobia with beet root creme, charred potatoes -- Fantastic savory course to wrap up the meal.  I had this instead of the wagyu beef on embers.  

7) Blossoms & Berries -- first dessert course was my favorite, elderflower panna cota was rich without being overwhelming and the berries made it feel healthy ;)

8) Chocolate in Textures -- this was the only dish that didn't work for me.  The caramelized white chocolate mousse was buried under a mountain of super complex chocolate and too much liquid gold

Petits Fours and surprisingly good decaf coffee wrapped up the meal.  I can't recommend Volver enough.  I found the price reasonable, and the pacing was pleasant -- you knew you were at a tasting-menu event, but it didn't drag and the staff had called beforehand to ask about allergies but also any time constraints considering the location.
Disappointing is my first reaction. In short, it was "nice", but not what you'd expect from Chef Jose Garces.  You have two options for dinner:  1) a six course tasting menu, or 2) a 12 course tasting menu.  We had the 6-course tasting menu.  

CREATIVITY, PRESENTATION & ATTENTION TO DETAIL | **EXCELLENT
Top notch on the creativity, presentation, and the attention to detail.  The open kitchen gives you insight into the teamwork and precision of this brigade, and they are top notch.  Plates are meticulously assembled with chop sticks, tweezers, and precision placement of various drops of sauces, micro-greens, etc.  Each plate was a work of art, and the creative combinations of sauces, foams, mouses, accent spices, dressings, etc. were well done - each meticulously placed on the plate.

FOOD TASTE | **GOOD
I would place this in the "good" category.  Some items were just OK, meaning I was not overwhelmed with a "wow", but out of the 6-course item, I'd say 2 were like that.  The rest were nice, good to pretty good, but not "wow".  The flavor profiles of the dishes were very good in and of themselves, in the sense that there was a great mix of textures, good use of fresh ingredients, and creative seasonings when items were pre-combined on the plate.  There were several plates where there were droplets of various sauces or accent items.  Overall, I expected more pop, more "holy crap this was the best thing I ever tasted" type of experience, and I unfortunately didn't have that at all.

FOOD PORTIONS | **POOR
I don't mean to be harsh or seem ill informed on the notion that this is a tasting menu, however the portions were incredibly small - too small.  No one was looking to "fill up" on any single dish, but there was just not enough on each plate to satisfy your palette or your hunger.  For example, we were served a sashimi course with 2 slices of sashimi placed in a mouse-like horseradish sauce.  The amount of fish was a normal slice of sashimi that you would get at a sushi restaurant but cut in half - that's it.  Another example was a piece of filet mignon that was grilled, but the piece was a little over 1" by 1" in size, sliced from a larger piece - in essence, one filet was split amongst our entire table of 6 diners.  Lastly, we had deep fried squab, two small nugget sized pieces about the size of a large marble.  What is missing here are two items, 1) in order for the diner to appreciate the flavors and textures of the food, it's difficult to get that in two bites.  So while the squab or sashimi was good, it was hard to experience the food because after two bites it was gone.  2) I was actually hungry still and when dessert began to be served, I was still hoping for another couple of dishes.  One more "bite" per plate would have gone a long way I believe in not only enhancing the food taste rating, but the satisfaction of the guests.

SERVICE | **EXCELLENT
The service and staff are top notch.  Very attentive but not disruptive, they keep pace with the pace of your party, they are considerate of various dietary restrictions (we had a couple of vegetarians in our group of 6), and the know the menu very well.

DRINKS | **EXCELLENT
If you are into wines, cocktails, etc. they have an excellent selection for both.  Top notch wines and a wine pairing option with your dinner.  Cocktails are unique and very well done.  

------------------------------------
SUMMARY - OK
------------------------------------
A well executed "downtown experience" with an up-scale, european ambiance, excellent service, and well presented and creative dishes.  Where Volver misses the mark is in the execution of the food itself, from the portion sizes being one to two bites shy of expectations and the flavors, although well done, don't overwhelm the guest with wanting more.
What a gigantically disappointing experience. First of all, a place that is not only in a theater, but also one that advertises itself as somewhere to go before the theater (even crafting a pre-dinner set menu) should be capable of serving said pre-made menu before a show. It's just unacceptable for any restaurant, not to mention one of Volver's supposed quality, to be incapable of serving a dinner in 90 minutes to begin with, but most especially if that is the particular experience that you sign up for and are forced to pre-pay for. 

Unfortunately, that's not even my biggest disappointment with the "5 star" (what a joke) Volver. In NO world should a cocktail ever take 35 minutes. Particularly when a waiter did not take an order for 15 minutes into a 90 minute reservation, but ever. For any restaurant. If such a failure did happen, a heartfelt apology from both the waiter and manager is the absolute least I expect. In fact, the only acceptable path would have been to comp the drinks and offer us another. Instead, once I finally asked if the drinks were ever coming, I was given a clearly empty excuse about the bartender getting an ingredient. Again, there was a single acceptable alternative in this situation- an apology and asking what they could do. Instead we were ignored by both the manager and our waiter, who was (and I know this from overhearing it) but mistreating all of his other tables. 

What is more, when near the end, I asked whether it would be possible to get a second drink in time (implication: in less than 30 minutes), I expected to actually receive that drink. Instead, when the check came, my boyfriend nicely told our incapable waiter that it was fine because our second drinks weren't listed, and he clearly had no idea what drinks we were talking about. 

All of this, and our food was also incredibly slow, not any better than food I get very regularly at other Philadelphia restaurants, and a very disappointing amount for the price. 

It's really no wonder why the place is failing, grasping at advertising straws to get customers in, and not receiving any commendation. From the top of my restaurant list I had without a doubt the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant in Philadelphia.
Having visited Volver for the first and only time at a Yelp Elite event last year, all it took was one sip of the Truffle Rush cocktail for me to know that. Terminator-style, I'll be back...

Because the boyfriend is like clearly the most amazing person on the planet, he thought back in NOVEMBER to make a reservation for dinner at 8 on Saturday of Vaneltine's weekend. Let's take a moment and give that man a round of applause. I was basically expecting a nightmare dining scenario, though, thinking of all the V-Day insanity horror dining stories that we've all heard, but the folks at Volver are so darned good at what they do that you would have thought you were dining there on any other night. Heck, a weeknight even. It was so flawless, I still almost can't believe it all these months later. (I take my time to post a glowing review, clearly.)

We opted for the 8-course menu and were super psyched when we did so when we heard the dessert special for the evening: Foie. Gras. Candy bars. But more about that later. We also followed fellow Yelper Kristin W.'s advice (hey girl!) and shared the wine pairing. Along with his cocktails, it was more than enough booze for two for the evening. They were super accommodating in taking into account my gluten allergy by slightly tweaking some of the dishes or substituting others from the 12-course menu. Just an FYI for other allergy sufferers that this might be a secret perk.

Without going through all of the details of each of the dishes (they send you home with a commemorative menu which can seriously help with recall), everything was so interesting on all aspects: taste, texture, visual, and the wine pairing made each of these even better. We had a few "haha" foodie moments (one dish where the kale was "represented" by green circles drawn on the plate...haha) but it must be said that we enjoyed every course and were left thoroughly impressed. 

Oh, and the foie gras candy bars? Three choices- white chocolate with orange, milk chocolate with peanuts and nougat, and dark chocolate with chili. Choose just one? Never. Choose all three, kiddos. Duh. 

We're really lucky to have such a "once in a lifetime" meal place here in Philadelphia, so if you've got a special occasion, or no reason at all, really, do definitely try Volver. You will not regret it.
This is a review for Bar Volver on Valentine's Day.

Apps: The jamon crusted thing was pretty good, quite small
           Kale Salad was tasty but nothing special
            Cheese spread was really good with prosciutto, cheese, honey, toasted buttered bread
Entree : Fried chicken: Great, nice portions; great cole slaw; great mashed potatoes and biscuit
              Steak: Tenderloin and the corresponding sauce were great but they gave my girlfriend the ends of the steak and were probably cooked medium on most areas of the meat (supposed to be medium rare). Ends of the tenderloin seems like a weak move given the price.
Desert: Both were Fantastic

Drinks: Fantastic (old fashioned, scotch sidecar)

Service: If it wasn't for the service this place would  probably be 4/4.5 stars. Very slow, unaccommodating, definitely not getting elevated service with the premium pricing. This seemed apparent across the entire restaurant; everyone was waiting. My meal took 2.5 hours where it probably should have been 1.5 hours. I don't mind paying extra for a great meal but with that, you expect to get premium service in which Bar Volver definitely did not accomplish.

All in all, this place has some great dishes but the service definitely put a damper on the overall experience. I would probably recommend this place for an upscale Happy hour occasion at the bar where you presumably get served quicker. Philly has too many reasonably priced/ better service places for a reason to go here for dinner IMO. That said, I would imagine the regular Volver has great service; maybe they bring the B-team in for Bar Volver.
Went the other night with a few friends for dinner. We had to catch the orchestra at 8 pm, so the service did feel a bit rushed. I chose to go for the 6 course tasting, while my other friends chose to get a couple drinks and dishes from the bar at the table. While the tasting was executed well (great flavors, composition, use of molecular gastronomy) the entire experience didn't particulary stand out in any way or feel innovative or new. The staff was as accomodating and friendly as they could have been, especially given we were all late to dinner.

As for the food, I quite enjoyed the Kentucky Fried Squab and the lettuce dish which invovled a goat cheese flavored freeze dried powder that literally melts and has a texture of liquid in the mouth. Everything tasted great and was executed with precision and technique, but as I said before, there weren't any flavors that were new or innovative for me. And new flavors, bold profiles and combinations are what you look for in any tasting menu. If you want a great tasting menu or just an amazing dinner, do yourself a favor and save up for a Michelin Star like Eleven Madison Park in New York, or Alinea in Chicago. Volver certainly had the technique and the know how, but the food definitely felt like it was following and not leading the pack.

Also for brevity's sake, I do believe they should add an abbreviated three course tasting menu option for anyone looking to catch a show after dinner. This would completely eliminate the problem of being late or having to worry about getting to the show before the doors close. i know they really want the food to be the star, but when you open a restaurant across the hallway from a concert venue, you are by default the icing and not the cake.

Three stars out of five.
My dining experience at Volver was outstanding, but there were a couple misses worth mentioning (hence the 4 stars, rather than 5). 

The bar: Fantastic! Lovely modern decor and swanky ;). Nice selection of craft cocktails. The one with the truffle and lavender honey was very nice, as was the one with the bell pepper and thyme. Both drinks had a lovely aroma, taste and lengthy flavorful finish. The bar has a food menu with some interesting selections, which we are interested in trying at our next visit.

The service: Outstanding! Likely the best service I have ever experienced.  There was a team of people that took care of all our needs, including the sommelier/general manager who served us in both the bar and the dining room.

The dining room: Lovely modern decor with an open kitchen. Was interesting to see the chefs creating the courses, which were beautifully presented works of art.  We chose the 8 course tasting menu with the wine pairing. 

The stand outs: the savory cannoli and morcilla chip (1st course);  the asian pear salad (3rd course); the tuna tartare, which was substituted for the lamb tartare, as I don't eat lamb (4th course). Best tuna tartare I've ever had, btw!  The wine pairing was nice, but unusual in its arrangement.

Miss #1: The Iberico Wellington (7th course)- epic fail due to the meat itself. The pastry, the seasonings and presentation were all excellent; however, the pork was so tough that I struggled to cut it with a serrated knife.  When I finally managed to struggle off a piece to taste, it was as bad as expected.  I ended up taking the meat out of the Wellington, because the pork was simply not edible.  At a restaurant of this caliber, the Iberico should have been fork tender.  

Miss #2: The miso soup (5th course) was paired with Sherry, which I found to be unusual and harsh for a mid meal pairing.  The Pinot Noir was followed by a red that was lighter in comparison, also unusual.  The Pinot was good but would have benefitted from decanting prior to serving. 

The cost: Just over $500 for 2 ppl for 8 course tasting, wine pairing, 2 cocktails, 2 espressos and gratuity.
This is a review of the bar only. Beautiful space...large bar with lots of different types of seating. Drink menu is extensive, with a large selection of wines, champagnes, beers and specialty cocktails. Got some snacks, the triple cream cheese and the iberico ham. The cheese slice was surprisingly large for such a high end place, which was much appreciated! The ham came thinly sliced on 4 pieces of focaccia. Both delicious. At the end they rolled over a desert cart (!!!) covered with amazing pieces of chocolates and other small house baked goods. Garces was in house, walking around and greeting everyone. Service was outstanding, can't wait to come back for dinner (which my parents had just had and said was amazing)- well done Garces !!!
Had the pre-theater tasting menu.

The ticket concept for dining (where you pay online, gratuity included, and can show up at the restaurant with no wallet, simply your tickets) is not new, but I am thrilled that an amazing chef, Jose Garces, has brought this to Philadelphia, and I hope Philadelphians learn to appreciate and support this restaurant.  Not just for its ticket concept but for what Chef Garces is bringing to us: a mini expedition of his life influences (even as a child) in the culinary world in the fanciest and most fanciful way possible.

The service was excellent.  The wine pairings were phenomenal.  The food was superb.  There was not a single dish that "ehh, could have used more of this" or was "too much this" or was "not flavorful enough."  Every single dish was interesting, beautifully plated, flavorful, and a pure enjoyment to eat.  

My only regret was not getting the performance tasting.  We had a quartet show to attend soon after dinner that did not make this possible.  

I will be back.  I must be back.  And next time I am getting the performance tasting.  Get your tickets while you can.
This is a review for Bar Volver. I can only comment on the service because we never got to try the food despite having a reservation. 

We planned for dinner before the Symphony, hired a babysitter, and made reservations weeks in advance for Bar Volver since it is in the Kimmel Center. When we arrived they told us that our table would be ready in 15 minutes...then another 15 minutes. A half an hour after our reservation and still no table or promise of one. We ended up leaving out of frustration (and hunger!). 

I understand that it is a bar area and that it is hard to predict when people will leave the table, but maybe then don't have reservations? I have never had this experience from a restaurant like this that is supposed to be of high caliber. The hostesses were polite, but still no offer to make it up to us. Very disappointing and disrespectful of people's time (made ever more precious when you have a babysitter!).
I was surprised for my birthday with a dinner at Volver.  I will admit that my expectations were not high as it was Restaurant Week - a period that we generally avoid like the plague.  However, I was pleasantly surprised and frankly blown away by the food that was served.  

We both had the Rose Gold cocktail which was delicious and $2 of each drink went to the Garces Foundation. The $35 Restaurant Week menu was severely limited, in effect a pared version of the $35 pre-theater menu; but we each found dishes that looked interesting/appealing. 

For the first course we had the Hamachi Tartare and the Milk & Cereal.  The tartare was phenomenal, sublime, fresh and delicious, the togarashi flatbread was genius.  The milk & cereal a fun play on a composed asparagus soup with rice flakes, chicken thigh and thyme marshmallows - delicious.  

The second courses were the Veal Hangar Steak and the Pastrami Trout and again, both were surprising in good ways and delicious in all ways.  I had a great by the glass Riesling with my entrée and my partner had a fantastic by the glass Merlot ($28) that was worth every drop.  

We finished with the third and last course with Panna Cotta of black sesame, yuzu meringue, mandarin sorbet, Thai basil and cherry with a black and white sesame crisp that brought it all to a fantastic close. 
 Josh was our server and he was great as was Phoebe who checked in on us all night long and brought us a yummy sparkling wine sent by my sister-in-law to accompany our dessert.  

Based on our experience, I can absolutely say that it was THE BEST Restaurant Week experience we have ever had and we are definitely planning to check out the regular menu & tasting menu plus wine pairing as soon as Restaurant Week is over.
Perhaps unsurprising given the restaurant is attached to the Kimmel Center, but I wasn't wowed by the price to portion size ratio. 
Overview of the dishes:
- Cereal and milk was an interesting mushroom chowder; wish there was more of it.
- The ramen was almost too salty to eat
- The lamb was deep fried and crispy, so can't complain
- Sesame panna cotta was packed with flavor
Overall, great ambiance and the food wasn't bad.  However, I'm not sure I'll be going back anytime soon.
More than amazing experience.  Taste like Michelin Stars to me! We got the 12 courses all of which were delicious.  

We started off with the Ham stand.
-Siberian sturgeon caviar (with brioche migas with whipped creme fraiche and chives)
-Macaron (with foie and blood orange)
-Deviled egg with butternut squash mousse
-Bacalao Takoyaki (with eel glaze, togarashi, yuzu kewpie mayo, and bonito flakes)

All of which were super amazing!  I don't even like deviled eggs but this was amazing.  

The Tsukiji Market Fish (I don't remember the fish) but it didn't matter because it was amazing.  It could have been mackerel for all I know.  This was served with a delicious horseradish cream and pickled mustard seeds, fennel, and green apple snow.  It was a teaspoon sized (at most) scoop on green apple snow cone - so refreshing and delicious!!!!!

Milk and cereal was also a tasty treat.  They put quail egg, bacon, chicken oyster, and truffle thyme marshmallows in a small bowl and bring out a small porcelain pint that consumed the white asparagus milk.  I have no idea what that is except for what it literally sounds like.. who cares! So good!

The almost vegetarian course (minus the fuck skin crumble) was very refreshing and was served as a masterpiece with little leaves and other micro greens meticulously arranged.  I hate carrots but liked them here.  

We also had:
-Sea scallops with clam croquette in ham broth.
-Fried squab with biscuit
-Baby artichokes with whipped olive oil, lemon, and parmasean 
-Fish - nice and flaky! 
-Wagyu beef 
-Elderflower panna cotta
-Persimmons curd
-Venezuelan chocolate with liquid gold 

Volver is a must try.  You will not regret it.
Came here to Bar Volver for a couple weeks ago for Restaurant Week and was sorely disappointed in the experience. From start to finish, I was there for 2 hours and my companions longer than that. By the time I left, we were still waiting for the dessert which I left there.

The issue wasn't the food (I ordered the kale salad and fried chicken) which were delicious. My cocktails were also very enjoyable. The problem was mostly our server. Everything took an inordinate amount of time between getting our cocktails and food ordered. I asked her twice for ice and after a half hour asked another server for the 3rd time. She never gave me silverware or a plate which took me a while to get her attention to get. 

Additionally, it took a while in between courses to get the food which added to the 2-2.5 hour meal. 

While everyone (including the server) were friendly, the slowness of everything would deter me from going back.
This place is top notch.  There is nothing to be said that has not already been said.  The food was amazing and the service was impeccable.  The courses came out one right after the other..seamlessly.  I referred one of my friends here and she said the exact same thing..it wasn't a fluke accident.  They don't play at Volver!  We also found out that they have a guest bartender every so often in the bar area and they attract some serious talent.  One of guest bartenders was the owner of Hop Sing Laundromat...I wonder if he yelled at people for taking pictures?!
Volver just reopened three days ago and the place felt a bit disjointed.  Did the 8 course tasting menu and thought there were a couple star dishes (the miso soup, the salmon mousse amuse bouche) but most of the dishes fell flat and weren't memorable which is not great considering the price tag. Also didn't think the meal made a ton of sense as one experience. 

Great cocktails. Service was great but man, it was SO QUIET in the place that you could a pin drop on a Friday night.  Not exactly a party!
Very very good food!

I first came here a couple years ago for their tasting menu and although the experience was excellent I thought it was slightly underwhelming given the prohibitively high price and a few issues, which included a somewhat disjointed menu (i.e. scattered Asian fusion items on an otherwise new American-ish menu), and a mediocre entree in the choice of a beef Wellington which did not seem to be creative nor inspiring. 

However!

I came back 2 days ago for dinner with 3 girl friends and opted for a la carte menu. We shared 3 appetizers (the asparagus tartine, tuna tartare, and the shrimp toast) and I ordered the lamb frites (lamb chops w/ fries) as my entree. I thought this meal was great! Particularly well executed was the shrimp toast, which thanks to our server's recommendation, we ordered 2 (each order comes w/ 3) of these because they were so yummy. My lamb chops were seasoned expertly and came out perfectly medium rare. It was so good my savage side came out and I destroyed them eating w/ my hands (also although it came with a knife, it was served in a bowl, not sure how I was really supposed to cut the meat).

The service is attentive and the wine selection also great. The decor, with a spacious dining room and the open kitchen, is very modern and chic but for some reason came off cold and impersonal. That's just my personal opinion though.

I would recommend anyone who hasn't tried Volvér and is intimidated by the tasting menu to still come for their regular dinner, it's def worth the visit!
I live near this restaurant, I walked past it many times thinking "I would love to go here but I bet it's really expensive!"  I was right!  Then, my friend suggested we go here for Restaurant Week!  It was a lot of fun, the food was easily 5 stars- the appetizer was good, the entree was very good but the dessert was delicious.  The service, however was 4 stars.  I felt that the waiter was nice but a little pretentious and my friend got charged for a glass of wine that she ordered but he forgot!  He adjusted the bill after we complained and was apologetic.  I would come back here again, once in a blue moon for a meal to treat myself because it's so expensive, or perhaps try appetizers at the bar or drinks instead.  Volver has a great location, by The Kimmel Center and the lighting, decor, ambiance is lovely, very classy, chic and tasteful.  Maybe I'll come back again to treat myself.
Unimpressed! Had high expectations and all were not met. With an upscale place like this, you pay for the overall experience and this experience deserves no praise. 

Service:
Let me start by saying we had a reservation on New Years Eve at 10 PM. We got there around 9:40- the hostess said 20-minute wait. Sure, that's fair. We were seated at exactly 10 PM, but the table we were seated at was in an empty section marked "reserved" and entire reserved space (located to the right as soon as you walk into the dining room) had been empty the entire time. Not a big deal but we definitely could have been seated earlier. Our waiter, Jarrod, had obviously been flustered because he was friendly but seemed like he was rushing and constantly running around. A different server took our drink orders (which we never got) and when we asked where our drinks were, Jarrod had no idea we even placed the order! We sat halfway through our dinner waiting for our drinks. Other than that, he checked up on us a few times but overall lousy service. Maybe he had too many tables? His intentions meant well but the execution was 1 star out of 5.

Food/Drinks: 
We started with a few cocktails (Don Juan and Old Spice), and Bailey's on ice along with champagne. When our cocktails came out, all met expectations but nothing was "wow". For the food, we ordered Milk & Cereal (3/5), which was presented beautifully but tasted like a bowl of warm milk with pieces of chopped ham floating in it. There was virtually no flavor but the truffle or whatever was floating in it was a nice touch. I did like the Tuna Tartare (3.5/5), although for a 5-star restaurant, the dish could be better- the tuna itself was really fresh and the caviar topping was great but the toasted bread was not enough for the amount of Tuna and lacked flavor. The Ricotta Gnudi (3/5) was very rich and had hints of mushroom. For desserts, get the Orange Parfait (4/5) and skip the chocolate one (1/5). The Orange Parfait was light, had great flavor, and was presented beautifully. The chocolate one tasted like a baking experiment gone wrong, although it looked very pretty!

Ambiance:
The overall ambiance of the place is nice- upscale, modern, and cozy. That was one of the only redeeming qualities of the restaurant. 

I really wanted to like this place but it's just not worth it. I could get a better meal/service at a restaurant with one "$" rather than "$$$$". Save your money and if you want upscale, go to Morimoto instead and see what upscale really is.
We came here for the 12 course tasting menu. 

First off, the place is beautiful and very cozy. Though, to use the bathroom you need to exit the restaurant and go into the concert hall which is really weird for such an expensive place. The service was 100% top notch from the moment we walked in until we left. Every person was excellent, but I can't say the same about the food.

We've eaten a number of tasting menus at some great places around the country and this tasting menu while it had some highlights, was not worth the money at all. There were some courses that were not really good at all. And there was no cohesion between the courses - one  example, we had a nice Asian inspired plate and then the next was Spanish. 

Overall, save your money. There is much better food to be had in that area of the city -- for a lot less money!
I was just at Volver for their Wednesday drinks and snacks and will never return. The service was unacceptable. Our server did not return to our table for an hour. We tried to order snacks from another server but they never arrived.
Fantastic food for a fantastic price! Their cocktails are absolutely delicious too. Try the one with the truffle and they made a really good hot toddy as well. Their take on KFC is phenomenal and was one of the best dishes all night. It was our anniversary and they went above and beyond by printing our pictures on personalized menus and giving us a small goodie bag as left with a personalized anniversary wish signed by everyone as well as the recipe to the truffle rush cocktail that we had loved. Their bread is literally the best bread I have EVER eaten in my life!!


One small gripe - the person who was looking after us (serving us) had someone else switch with him for a significant part of the meal without informing us- which is not a big deal in a 'normal' restaurant , but we felt a snob factor involved there.  Also, we weren't served the famous milk and cereal as well. 

But this was truly amazing and my small gripe takes nothing away from Volver. Love it and I'll be back!
This review is post-pandemic, FYI.  Volver was a very high-end, innovative restaurant that featured a great tasting menu.  They closed during the pandemic, and now advertise they're back open.  Volver, per se, is NOT open, but rather they've opened the bar (Bar Volver) which has table seating in another part of the restaurant.  

This was not made evident on their website; they simply say Volver is open, and you are able to reserve on OpenTable.  The menu is more limited than it used to be, but post-pandemic, this is not unusual for many restaurants that have reopened.  The bar is very nice, but I reserved at the main restaurant, and was expecting a similar food quality, though with a more limited menu, as well as seating in the restaurant area.  I went for a nice romantic dinner with my GF, and had a very different experience.  

The bar area is very nice, but it's not as intimate or classy as the main restaurant, and the seating and tables aren't as comfortable.  The menu was limited, but I was expecting very high-quality and well-prepared dishes.  This proved not to be the case, save one.  The small bites and snacks were unremarkable, a beef skewer, what essentially was a "salmon rangoon" similar to a crab rangoon, a cheese and bacon flatbread, and their version of shrimp toast.  Each were pretty common higher-end bar food, nothing remarkable.  Not exceptional in flavor, but just OK.  The one item that was a standout was the milk and cereal, which is essentially a light cream soup with savory marshmallows, bacon, and chicken.  This was the standout appetizer, and very reminiscent of the old Volver quality.

The entrees we chose were lamb chops with cardamom and curry, and the crispy chicken with potato puree, bacon, and savory marshmallows.  The crispy chicken was quite literally the same as you'd expect from any deep-fried chicken you'd get ay at decent restaurant.  Unremarkable, slightly dry, and pretty bland.  The potato puree seemed like it was mashed potatoes with some butter added, but no cream, which made them fairly bland.  The broth and bacon were a nice addition.  The lamb chops were quite a saga.  The server forgot to ask how we'd like them cooked, and they came medium-well.  The server said they usually do them medium-rare, so they re-fired them.  The new version had one that was perfectly cooked, and another that was totally raw inside.  They re-fired the raw one, and it came back a solid medium.  

The service was good, and both the server and the GM, Jenny, did what they could to fix the issues with the meat temperature.  They were both very nice, and tried to make our visit as nice as possible.  

Overall, this was a huge disappointment, as the food did not come even close to the complexity, quality, taste, and presentation as I've known Volver to be.  Even with a less impressive menu, I was expecting what they provided to be top-notch, and it was a serious disappointment.  I felt very misled that they advertise this as Volver, but rather it's the bar, with middling bar food.  

I will definitely come back, and try again if they're able to recover and bring back their former tasting menu, but as it stands, it's not a place I'd visit again if the bar will be their only option.
Attended a show at the Kimmel Center so stopped here for the first time. We were seated immediately and the waitperson eventually made his way to our table, taking our drink order. 

After some time he returned with my wife's order only. I eventually got my drink and we ordered an appetizer and dinner. The appetizer and salads came quickly and were very good.  The entrees never came, and it was getting close to show time. When we inquired of a tall lady in a beige blazer she agreed to check, but never returned. 

The waitperson eventually returned explaining that there was a problem with the ticket. He said that he could bring out the entrees, dessert, and check, as if we were eating like Judy Dench in "Victoria and Abdul".

We declined and canceled the entrees. We were not charged for the appetizer and salads but of course paid for the drinks. 

The funny thing was that that tall lady would walk by us and not even make eye contact. The waitperson didn't offer an apology. 

We saw a stage performance called "Something Rotten", which seemed apropos for our dining experience.
This 3 star rating is somewhat generous because while the food was flavorful, the portion sizes were unbelievably small. 

I arrived before the rest of my party and got seated. I was starving and wanted to order an appetizer while I waited, however, I was denied because they were only serving the restaurant week menu. Huge missed opportunity here, but whatever. 

Everyone arrived and I ordered a dirty martini to start. The drink tasted horrible and I had to send it back. The bartender was so nice and explained that they only have one kind of olive juice and she couldn't really do anything to make it taste differently. I declined an alternate cocktail, but she sent a complementary replacement to the table. 

For the meal, I started with the milk and cereal soup (chicken, bacon, and rice with warm asparagus milk). It was extremely creamy and well seasoned and left me wanting a second cup size serving. 

For the entree I had the ricotta gnudi. The gnudi were cooked perfectly served in a creamy parmesan sauce with fava beans and peas (I ordered without mushrooms). However, once again they skimped on the portion size providing ~4 gnudi and 10 peas/beans. 

The table decided to sample both desserts- an orange meringue pistachio parfait and chocolate mousse. The parfait was much tastier and more memorable. 

Overall, I would not be inclined to return and would only recommend for drinks and an appetizer before a meal elsewhere!
Came here for the Garces Foundation Gala, but I did get to try cocktails and scope the place out, albeit during a private event. 

Decor-amazing. Modern with some exquisite wall art. Definitely a date spot, it's in a nice location.

I tried the truffle cocktail (usually they're $14, got mine for free yay). SUPER interesting... 
Bourbon, truffle oil + honey, lime and lavender. Like who thought of that?? I wouldn't pay $14 for it, nor probably go for it again because bourbon isn't my thang. But truffle infused honey in your drank?? COOL. 

Deducting a star just cause the price point is a little ridic.
After months of curiosity, I tried bar Volver for restaurant week.The ambiance is elegant and the mood is soft. The staff was friendly, warm, and inviting. 

The menu selection was good. For my 1st choice I had the kale salad. The kale salad was refreshing, crisp, and quite flavorful. The salad had the perfect combination of egg, kale, red onion with garlic dressing. My bf had a very tasty paella maki roll. His 1st course was so amazing, after he allowed me to taste it, I was tempted to finish it for him. For the 2nd course I had the buttermilk fried chicken. The chicken was moist and flavorful. The biscuit it was served with melted in my mouth, or it seemed like it did. The dessert is the reason the restaurant got 4 out of 5 stars. The dessert was an orange pistachio parfait. There were no other options offered. So... for those allergic to nuts, should they be deprived of dessert? I don't think so. 

Overall this was a pretty good expericence.
I had made and cancelled reservations at Volver a couple of times before I had the right occasion to go there and it was a delight. The service, the food, the chic decor, lighting and most of all seeing the chefs prepare your food in an open kitchen setting was very interesting indeed. There was no rushing and i was glad about that as the chairs were comfortable and made for a nice relaxing meal and time !
Garces will never let me down. Just as I think I have tried his best, we visit somewhere new and I am in awe. This place does not disappoint. I feel I used the word "innovative" as an adjective too literally till now. This restaurant takes the cake, and could probably deconstruct it in a way you couldn't imagine. Everything was incredible. Yes, it is tapas, but that is what is so special. You don't leave feeling so full that you cannot fathom eating again. The drinks were special, filled with aroma. Competes with olde bar in my opinion. The milk and cereal is a must. These dishes are ones you dare not replicate. No contest.
I just finished having my second dining experience here and it proved worth returning. I loved it the first time, and was happy to find that I also loved it the second time.

The service was top-notch, and the food was creative and delicious. 

It's an experience and it's like eating in a work of art.   It's not cheap but if that's what you want go somewhere else.

I hope that our town can embrace such a sophisticated dining experience, I know that I'm a fan and will return.
OUTRAGEOUS! I gave it two stars for the service, which was friendly and attentive. We had the 8 course tasting menu and by the fourth course we were wondering if this was some kind of joke that Chef Jose was perpetrating on us. Sure, the presentation of the different dishes was very nice, even artistic, but the portion size was ridiculously small, especially when you take into account the size of the check we received at the end of the evening (HUGE). I wouldn't have minded if every dish was a gastronomic delight, but I only could only say that about the pear salad and the Iberico Wellington. We kept hoping to be wowed but alas, it just didn't happen. Should have known something was up when the menu had no prices listed. This will be the last time we just go on reputation.
Could of sworn we heard the staff laughing when we left.
I came here on what I thought was just a fabulous night out in our neighborhood with my then boyfriend a couple of weeks ago. It turns out it was more than just your average night out for many reasons. We bought tickets a couple of weeks in advance for the pre-theatre seating, which includes 7 courses of meals, and we also opted for the wine pairings. I won't give away all of the amazing, inventive plates that chef Jose Garces has put together for this experience, but I will agree with some of the other reviewers who have said that the milk and cereal was so surprisingly incredible. It was definitely my favorite dish. The food was like art. Every placement on the dish was precise and calculated and was there for a reason. It was incredible. The service was superb as well. Our captain and our server worked seamlessly with bringing and removing plates and the sommelier was extremely helpful with explaining all of the choices that went with every course. I will admit that I was a little skeptical of this new fine dining "experience", but for a fancy night out, Volvér is a great place to take someone you want to impress. I found out later that night, after my boyfriend proposed nearby in Rittenhouse park, that the restaurant was extremely helpful in keeping things moving along as he had a specific timeframe to get out of there, packaging up our petit fours to go while I was in the bathroom because it was 7:00 on the dot, even though he didn't propose at the restaurant. I thought that was a nice extra touch too.
Volver is somewhere between fine art and fine food, which is appropriate since it is located in the Kimmel Center of Performing Arts. Volver is expensive, but you already knew that when you searched for the fanciest places to book a reservation for a celebration. Despite the price tag, you have to come here at least once for the experience. Let them know you are coming to celebrate an occassion. I will leave out spoilers, but my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed and appreciated the extra step taken by the service.

SERVICE & ATMOSPHERE: This is Chef Jose Garces's top restaurant, and he greeted us when we arrived. There is a lively bar/lounge area, but we are escorted to the more private atmosphere of the dining area. I feel like I am sitting between two worlds. On one side, you have an open view of the busy kitchen and chefs preparing your food. On the other side, you have full windows with a view of the busy urban life outdoors. The decor throughout is modern, the waitstaff and servers are suited up and know everything, and you have comfortable lounge chairs to relax in while you enjoy your surroundings and food.

FOOD: We chose the 8 course menu, and each dish is a story with the servers telling you the inspiration, flavors, and ingredients. The portions are small (think tapas style plates), but they are delicious and leave you wanting for me. The dishes are well presented, even artistic. You're not going to leave overly full or hungry, I think it's just the right amount of food spread throughout the courses. We also had a few drinks, and they are all excellent as well. The menu also seems to rotate every once in a while. 

OVERALL: Volver is expensive, but it is worth it to treat yourself on a special occassion. Come here for the atmosphere, service, and to give your taste buds a treat.
Pretty much the worst way to spend $150 for dinner is to dine here. We went for a birthday dinner around 8:45 PM on a Tuesday night. The servers are really friendly and service is prompt which is why the two stars because food here gets a zero from me. 

We ordered two appetizers and two entreès: and I was underwhelmed by each and every one of them. The salmon was actually the worst, I have never tasted such a bland salmon in my life! I am a bad cook but I am confident that I can make a better salmon than that. It was literally cooked and served without any seasoning. The gnocchi had too many unrelated ingredients thrown together and was on a rather sweet side which I did not appreciate. It was again - bland. Let's just keep the sweetness for desert, shall we? The dessert menu looked pretty bad as well so we ended up ordering nothing and both of us have a sweet tooth. 

Also, I don't understand but why take dinner reservations 15 mins before the kitchen closes? They gave us reservations for 8:45 pm and when we didn't reach exactly at 8:45, they called us to let us know that the kitchen closes at 9:00 pm. They were also out of lamb chops which was the only dish I was remotely excited about. 

Overall, I was so disappointed to have chosen this place for a birthday dinner. It was completely ruined by the tasteless and bland food. Never going back ever again!
I was sitting in the Kimmel Center before my reservation to eat here, reading Yelp reviews and I almost left because of the overwhelming negative reviews. Like I was concerned y'all. But we decided to stick it out and I'm so glad I did! I had an excellent experience dining here! People complained a lot about portions and price, clearly these people didn't try the pre-theater menu- cause it is like restaurant week year round. 3 courses $35...like what is there to complain about? 

First off, my server whose name escapes me, was AMAZING. She had excellent recommendations and was incredibly accommodating- like the epitome of an amazing server. For the first course, I had the milk and cereal appetizer. Now the name is misleading, but it's like the most elegant cream of asparagus soup with lots of crunchy components. The presentation is really playful, you're given a bowl with the textural elements- rice flakes, bacon, quail egg, asparagus, chicken and little savory thyme marsh mellows. Then you're a given a glass in the shape of a milk carton full of "asparagus milk." You combine the two at the table which is both fun and practical because the texture items stay crunchy. This isn't something you see every day and I don't normally get excited about soup, but this is a must try if you're here!

For my entree, I had the jidori chicken. Jidori, is just a type of chicken, not a preparation. But it was so juicy and well cooked. We honestly don't give chicken enough credit because it is so delicious when cooked right. It comes with creamy smoked Swiss chard and a luscious sherry and fois gras sauce. Delicious entree! The portion was just fine, I mean if you're expecting family style, 20lbs of food, you're not going to get it, but I felt perfectly satisfied with the size of my meal. 

For dessert, they sent the cocoa choux, a yummy chocolate cream puff with a crunchy sable top baked on, filled with a decadent, rich chocolate mousse. This was very chocolatey and the perfect way to end the meal.

Overall, I was very happy with my experience! In summary: Def recommend the pre-theater menu, don't trust all the negative reviews, this place is great!
Portion size is a joke! 

Went here a couple times and never left feeling satisfied. Such a shame, because the decor/ ambiance is great. Literally left here and went to monks cafe after for a bite to eat after.
Good restaurant that is trying to rebrand as less of a fancy restaurant. They have a great theatre menu deal. 3 courses for $35! I was going to a show at academy of music and was able to take advantage of the deal. Their "milk and cereal" is so inventive and delicious. I had the grasslands for my entree which was a delicious veal. It was served with a chocolate dessert. Overall great value! Only thing is the portions were pretty small. I wouldn't recommend it if you were really hungry. Service was great. I'd def return especially to take advantage of the pre theatre menu deal.
I can only rate the cocktails here, but this is a MUST GO for drinks.  I'm looking forward to going back to try the edible items as well.

My wife had the margarita which was delicious and the candied fig garnish was a tasty addition.  

I had the Truffle Rush which blew our minds!  Seriously, this was the BEST cocktail that I've ever had.  

At $14/each, the cocktails are not cheap.... but certainly worth the unique flavor experience.  Besides, cocktails at other high end places like Butcher & Singer will run a little higher than that.
Tried Bar Volver during Restaurant Week with a group of friends and thought it was just okay. The ambiance in the bar space was nice; I agree with another reviewer that the seating is somewhat "compartmentalized" and that makes for an intimate dining experience. Service was fine, but, as other reviewers have mentioned, pretty slow. Our group didn't mind that too much since we planned to hang out there the whole evening, but by the end of the night, I felt like I'd been sitting there a very long time and was definitely ready to go.

Between the five of us,  we were able to easily order everything on the very limited RW menu. None of the food really left any lasting impression on me besides the paella maki roll, which I thought was phenomenal. The dessert was quite similar to the RW dessert served at Amada, except the one at Amada is chocolate-y instead of caramel-y and, in my opinion, much tastier.

Over the course of the evening, we enjoyed several cocktails and glasses of wine, all of which were notably better than most of the food. The drink list is extensive and the cocktails pretty creative.

I'd come back again, but almost certainly not for dinner (I shudder to think what that mediocre fish would've cost had I come during some time other than RW). I think Bar Volver's strengths are its drinks and appetizers, so I'm relegating it to an upscale happy hour spot.
Just say NO. I love Garces and while Volver might be a great place for some, it just wasn't for this fella and his gal. I took my wife there for her birthday and I'm giving Volver two stars because Sarah (?) the pastry chef is amazing. 

To start, we arrived ten minutes early and were asked to wait at the bar. No big deal. I ordered a cocktail (and I love a good cocktail), but this spicy concoction with a pepper draped across the top was just not good. My wife enjoyed her NA cocktail. 

When we were shown our table, it turned out that it was available the entire time. I'm guessing it's policy to seat you at the bar until the appointed time of your reservation? Fine. Whatever. The bar was dead. 5 of us at 8:30 on a Saturday night. 

Has anyone watched Samurai Gourmet on Netflix? There's an episode where the main character is eating at a restaurant and the explanation of each dish is so long that he doesn't know what he's eating. That was me. The whispering waitresses were hard to follow. 

So the food started. I'll try to copy our menu. Let me say this. I like salt, but everything was very SALTY. The apps. Very ho-hum. The Otoro was swimming in a sauce and different flavors to the point where I didn't taste the tuna belly. Idk. Call me weird, but that fatty melt in your mouth piece of fish is so brilliant on its own. The king crab was so delicate and amazing, but the accompanying curry was the saltiest of them all. The A5 Miyazaki Sirloin. I was so excited!! Well maybe that was saltier than the curry? Cooked perfectly. But I just couldn't get past the salt. I scraped the crust off the steak and it helped. 

The desserts!! Yummy. The only things we ever want to eat again. My coffee came out lukewarm. I don't send food (or coffee) back ever, but it was almost a first. My wife's tea was steaming hot so I don't know what happened. 

Dinner for two, two cocktails (one without alcohol), cup of coffee and tea. They include a service fee as well so no math for me on this night. Final tab: $365. How many great dishes and glasses of wine could I have enjoyed at Amada for that price?

Service and desserts were excellent. Timing was very slow. 3 hours from start to finish. Our saving grace was a show at the Kimmel Center let out which made for some terrific people watching.
Recently visited the dining room With my Mother. the meal was exquisite, Everything from the presentation, to the flavor profiles of each small ingredient. Having been to Laurel and other places which offer a similar type of menu this is up there with the best! Well worth the $95 per person price. Next time I will be going with the 12 course option. Keep up the great work Volver!
Did the prix fixe dinner. Had the cereal and milk as well as the greens salad. Both were slightly over salted but still very good. The wagyu steak was amazing with the truffle cream. The fish of the day was amazing. The chocolate dessert very good. The ambiance is fantastic and the red wine from Portugal was great.
I'm from NJ. I wanted to take my wife and daughters to a fine restaurant for our 24th anniversary dinner.  Called many restaurants in NJ and Philly and finally settled for last night. 

My entire family was completely blown away by their superb and outstanding service.  They made custom menus with our wedding pictures and special titles. They even went above and beyond by giving us the menus to take home with their autographs!

As for food,  the presentation was extremely well thought out. We chose the 8-course dinner, which includes a variety of dishes each with their own unique taste. Every item on the menu was exquisite and delicious. The best we have ever seen!

Job well done the Volver Team!
Love this place. I've been here a few times and every time is just like the first. The staff is super attentive and courteous. The tasting menu changes depending on the season and is my favorite part of the restaurant. The chef really thinks outside-of-the-box when creating each course. If you get a chance to try the Milk and Cereal I highly recommend it, don't knock it till you try it. The ambience and decor are top-notch and very romantic. 100% worth the visit.
We had dinner on the bar prior to a show at the Academy. What a great spot to sit, enjoy the great wine list, and watch the world go by. While the bar menu is not huge, their is something for any taste everything we had was artfully prepared and delicious. The service was top notch. We will make this a regular for theater nights.
-The cocktail lounge bartender, Caitlin was very friendly and gave great recommendations for my cocktail and beer selections. Dave pushed my chair in for me and offered a personalized volver purse hook-What a great touch! 

-Fun and sophisticated bar atmosphere. -Prices of drinks average to other Philly lounges but the difference IS YOU WILL ALWAYS RECEIVE GREAT SERVICE! 

Coming back !
My boyfriend and I went to Bar Volver on Valentines day and had an average experience. The service was incredibly slow for such an expensive restaurant. It look at least 15 minutes from sitting down before the server poured us water and asked for our drink orders. We actually had to pull aside waiters through out the night to ask for silverware or ask to put in more drinks. 

I would say the food was delicious if not for the steak tenderloin I ordered. I received two small pieces of steak, the worst part being that both pieces were the ends of the steak and cooked medium to well when the chef recommended and I had asked for it medium rare. I dont think any restaurant, let alone a very nice and expensive restaurant, as Bar Volver, should be serving its customers the ends of the steak. I was VERY disappointed. Luckily, my boyfriend ordered the Organic (fried) Chicken, which was two huge pieces so I was able to eat some of his.

Lastly, to end the night on a negative note, my boyfriend had received two $25 gift cards to Garces restaurants, which we had planned to use. The waiter was able to use one, but said the other did not work for whatever reason. You would think for a place like this they would accept the gift card since our bill was so expensive and the service up to that point wasnt on par, but there was no reconciliation. I would like to say perhaps it was just a fluke and I would try Bar Volver or the restaurant again, but I dont think I am willing to risk it again for the cost.
The website says they have dinner until 11pm and when I asked for a 10pm reservation after the Philadelphia Orchestra I was told they close at 9pm. Horrid way to start my experience with this establishment.
This place is awesome! We didn't piece 2 and 2 together and were happily surprised when we found it in the kimmel Center. The decor is very classy and romantic. They sat us at a 2 top all the way in the corner, which was very private. we began with the tuna tartare, which was served with long croutons. We then got the steak and the fish of the day, which were both perfectly cooked. We were glad we got the appetizer or else we would have been hungry. We finished with a chocolate puff pastry dessert with mousse in side- yum! We also got the whiskey drink with date and pomegranate flavoring and the blood orange vodka drink, which were weren't huge fans of. Good service by Jared. We'll be back!
During a visit to Philly, I had the pleasure of dining at Volvér. As many other reviewers have stated, the 6 or 12 course tasting menu is nothing short of a gastronomical dining experience. However, before I describe that, i must note that it is also the personalized service at Volvér that solidifies this as a 5 star dining experience.   For example, once he noticed that I  was left-handed and had to cross my plate to pick up my utensils, my server rearranged each dish to put the utensils on my left side for my greater ease.

Now, onto the food: I chose to do the 6 course menu with a glass of Chad Pinot Noir selected for me by the server. The light and flavorful wine went perfectly with my food.  From the moment I tasted the Siberian Sturgeon Caviar, I knew I was in for one of the best dining experiences of my life. This seemingly unassuming treat burst into an array of flavors on my tongue that I wish I could re-experience! As the tasting menu progressed, each dish that was brought to me was described in detail. I knew that the Kentucky Fried Squab would be amazing, however, to my surprise the dish that came after- Beef On Embers- was the most delicious slice of meat i've ever had!

I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking to be wowed by their meal. The 6 course tasting menu did, in fact, fill me up. I dropped by the bar after for a signature cocktail and was not disappointed there either.
Sat at the bar because, why not!  And we didn't have reservations. The bartender (Natasha) was super fantastic. Friendly and loads of fun n to interact with. Ordered a cheese plate (yum) and shrimp toast which you have to try...very unique and definitely a good item to eat even though I'm not usually a shrimp toast person.  Will definitely get that again. Also had the prawns but I was not as happy as that as I was with my shrimp toast and cheese plate. 

I was very happy with the bartender. Give Natasha a big shout out. She made the first time experience a A++
I am between 3.5 and 4 stars. The experience was great - our server explained each plate and its origins perfectly, and it was wonderful to hear how each of the plates evolved from places Garces has lived or visited. I gave it 3.5-4 stars because I felt like the majority of the plates were oversalted - particularly the pea soup. I wish it wasn't since I love pea soup, so this was a let down. 

The standouts for me throughout the meal: 

- Milk and Cereal
- Snapper with apple gelee (amazing!) 
- Kobe beef (I was a bit full at this point, but the one slice I had melted in your mouth)

Again, I thought the experience was great, but wished it was less salty overall.
Went to the bar at Volver last night and was blown away by the experience. The sophisticated atmosphere could only by topped by the superb drinks that Scott had artfully prepared. The truffle rush, basil chili smash and the sugar snap were all unique and complexion in their flavors. The wagyu tartine made me want to come back and try the dinner menu. Bravo!
I visited Volver with a group during happy hour and sat at the bar. I tried the following:

Flwry cocktail -Too strong for me but it had a nice lavender after taste. It was like being punched and then immediately comforted. 

Salt & pepper wings- The wings were tender but not that flavorful, the sauce was at the very bottom and it tasted pretty good but I didn't start tasting it until I had 2 wings left that were obviously at the bottom. 

Olivier (salad)- It was pretty tasty but very small, and it had eggs which isn't mentioned on the menu. I wish I would have known about the eggs ahead of time.

The bartender was okay he seemed like he really didn't want to be there or he doesn't like people...either way I don't care.

Overall I wasn't impressed. I will not go back.
I went for dinner with my friend and it was such a perfect meal. We did the $35 three-course fixed menu and loved absolutely everything we got. I got milk & cereal for the appetizer, porcini gnudi for the entree, and cocoa choux for the dessert. Everything was wonderful. The food was so creative and flavorful. My only small complaint was that the service was a little slow, but for food this good it's 100% worth the wait. I'll definitely be going back here!
This was my first time doing the pairing menu. It was absolutely awesome. I see why it is a five star Forbes rated restaurant. They rolled a new menu out as well yesterday and I'm excited to come back and try it. Looked amazing. Shrimp toast was unreal!!  Beautiful bar as well for drinks!
Very good chance that this is my first time reviewing a restaurant that I haven't even eaten at.

I sent them an e-mail with a possible reservation issue, but turns out that I just messed up the times and it was fine all along.  Anyway, I received not just one, but two phone calls from Volver with clarification within an hour.  That is an incredible bit of service.  My wife and I eat out constantly, and this is exactly the sort of thing you hope all places would do.  Unfortunately most places do not.  Very tempting to sell the show tickets just so we can experience the 12 course instead of the 8 course.

And they pronounced our crazy Croatian name correctly, it doesn't bother me when people don't, but it's impressive when people do.

I'll update the review after we have eaten, but I'm pretty certain this will be a memorable experience.
Amazing dining experience. We came on a Wednesday, and their famous tasting menu is Thursday through Saturday only. However, after speaking to the chef, they were happy to create the perfect custom tasting menu for us. We added the wine pairing as well, and it was perfectly paired with each course. The food and service were exquisite. This a place to come to enjoy the art and experience modern culinary artistry. Don't miss the milk and cereal. Wow.
Went for Restaurant Week; the fooD was really goo but the service was terrible.  Our server thought we were waiting for someone else so left us at the table for 30 min with just water; never bothered to ask for a drink orrery or ask if we were still waiting.  I would have said something if actually came over.  She tried to drop the bill 4 times but we were done order wine and/or coffee so she had to keep taking it back.  How about you ask if we want/neEd anything else before dropping the bill.  Glad we only paid Restaurant Week prices because I would have been more pissed about the service if we paid full price
I'm surprised that this restaurant only has so-so reviews. I was vaguely aware of this restaurant before my visit but assumed it was Spanish because of the name. The menu is much more French leaning than Spanish, which was a pleasant surprise given the number of Spanish restaurants in Center City. I went here before an event at the Kimmel Center due to its convenient location along with its pre-theater prix fixe menu option. Ended up passing on the prix fixe and opted for crab beignets as a starter and rainbow trout with lentils as the main meal. Both exceeded expectations. 

Everything on the drink menu looked good. I can't remember what drink I got but it was appropriately strong and not watered down.

Service wise, our waitress was attentive. The restaurant was setting up for an event while we there and the manager checked up on us to make sure it wasn't disruptive and gave us a complimentary drink coupon for the inconvenience (no inconvenience caused!) 

With its convenient location as a pre-theater dinner option, I'll definitely be returning. Great food and great service!
Wow. I'm not exaggerating when I say I had the best chicken of my life at Volver. It was SO tender, juicy, and flavorful! I came here for restaurant week and ordered the papaya salad, chicken, and crepe dessert. The plates and meals were all so thoughtfully put together and the service was very attentive. This might just be my new favorite restaurant!!!
2.5 stars. 

Great concepts at this restaurant but the overall execution is almost painful to sit through. Literally and figuratively. I typically will not review a restaurant on here unless I feel it earned four or more stars, but I feel compelled to share my experience here in the hopes that they make major changes here.

The food (with some help from the ambience) is truly the only reason those two stars are up there. If you believe a restaurant is good as long as the food is good, then you might really enjoy Volver. However, to base the quality of a dining experience solely on the food is like marrying someone for how they look - big mistake. Other very important factors come into play. 

With regards to eating at a restaurant, service is paramount. And this is the Volver's Achilles heel. 

* Dinner 1: (Dinner for 2)
Great seat by the window, although the tables were a bit small. Could not fit two wine glasses, two cocktail glasses, two small plates, and a candle on there without running out of real estate.
Server was very friendly, but within minutes you realized he was putting on a bit of an act.
From being seated to placing our meal order took over 35 minutes. 
After being served our main course, I waited 7 minutes for a fork and a steak knife.
During this time, our server had a conversation with a couple at a nearby table. They did not know each other, and the server was the only one talking for the entirety of my where-is-my-fork-and-knife waiting period.

Dessert was incredible.

We left mildly annoyed at the pace of the dinner service, but glad we ate and drank well. 

[All of the above took place with only two other active tables in the restaurant.]

* Dinner 2: (Dinner for 4, approximately 6 months after Dinner 1
My family figured dinner 1 was an off night, and as they had never been, asked if I was willing to give it another go around, and was certainly up for it.
Immediately after being seated we were given food and drink menus, which was a surprise. But then things devolved to glacial right away. Drink orders, food orders, and opening our wine took absolutely way too long.
Interestingly, we had the same server I had the first time and his mannerisms and behavior were the same. Very nice gentleman, but again, I couldn't help but think some of it was an act.

-- Example 1: He poured a bottle of wine into a decanter at our request and brought it to the table. After this, he brought out a cork holder(?), put the cork in it, and placed the now-upright cork next to the candle because it helps bring out the "aromas of the wine on the cork" to enhance the drinking experience. 

 -- Example 2: My mother is a vegetarian, so while ordering, he mentioned that he has been a vegetarian since he was 14, and he understood the difficulties in ordering food you can encounter if you don't eat meat. My mother was appreciative. Shortly after being served our entrees, our server asked my brother how his Wagyu was, to which my brother replied, "Excellent. One of the best pieces of beef I've had in a while." (Which is true, it's quite tasty). What's interesting was our server's response, "I know. I was blown away when I tried it when I first started working here." 
This is absurd. He either lied about being a vegetarian, or lied about having tried the Wagyu. Unacceptable. 

Despite this, we still enjoyed our food very much, and the desserts here are really good.

The milk and cereal is a very creative dish, and have considered going back just for a cocktail and some plates at the bar to avoid any of the above issues. Although I do wonder if the tortoise-velocity service also plagues the bar area.

Pros:
Food 

Neutral: 
Cocktail/Wine selection. Par for the course. 
Nothing extraordinary save for the Za'atar Hero, which is a decent cocktail.

Cons:
The service.
Everything takes forever. 
Give yourself ample time for dinner. Can't stress this enough.


A part of me really wants to try this tasting menu as it is one in the city I have not tried, but the first two experiences make the thought of returning quite unappealing.

Volver o no volver? That is the question.
We popped in to Volver for a quick bite before a show. We explained that we only had about 20 minutes. The staff couldn't have been more accommodating! The host let the waiter know we had a time constraint. Within seconds we had water and ordered. We only had the charcuterie board which was fabulous! It was enough to share but would also be ample for one person. It had 2 kinds of meat, 2 kinds of cheese, toast strips, mini corniche pieces, apple slices (perfectly thin), mustard and plum jam. The meats and cheese were high quality. I don't remember the names. We had still water which was also a high quality. It didn't taste like tap water! The atmosphere is casually elegant and relaxing. I'll definitely be back for dinner!
Wow the food here is so good, presentation is incredible and you can literally taste the care put into each dish. 
For appetizer, I suggest the shrimp toast, milk and cereal, or beef tartar. For main course, I suggest either the chicken, steak, trout, or gnudi. And for desert, the cocoa choux. I have included pics :)
Some of the best food I have eaten, anywhere.  This would be a 6 Star review but portion sizes were really tiny.  Bread - one piece only - was the size of a quarter.  No food wasted here!
Volvér is underrated. When it opened in 2014, it was one of the first restaurants in Philadelphia to require pre-paid reservations, like buying a concert ticket online. Their 14-course tasting menu at $150/person turned off a lot of would-be diners, perhaps because Philadelphians weren't used to the idea of spending that much for dinner or having to pay for their meal online before they ever ate a morsel. Volvér has had to adjust and adapt since it opened and no long has online ticketing. And they reduced the size (and price) of their tasting menu. And most recently, they hired a new GM.

Volvér doesn't suffer an identity crisis as much as an appreciation crisis. Even though it's been open for five years, I worry that it won't stay open that much longer because people simply aren't dining there enough. But they should. Especially with the new GM trying to make it less formal and more approachable. I'm not sure why it has a "snobby" reputation, because we have only ever had impeccable service and incredible meals.

Last night was perhaps the best example of customer service in a restaurant I've ever experienced. I had made  dinner reservations on Open Table for four people, and before we headed out, I noticed on their website that they only were offering a 3-course summer tasting menu for $39, not their regular 10-course tasting menu that we had been planning to order. When we checked in and I asked the hostess about the tasting menu, she said she would talk to the manager. A minute later, the new GM, Dae, appears and says that the regular tasting menu will return in September (they don't offer it during the summer) but that he would be happy to have the kitchen prepare an 8-course tasting menu just for the four of us. One of us also does not eat beef or pork, so Dae assured us that there would be suitable ingredient substitutions for that person's courses.Throughout the meal, Dae checked in on us and made sure we were enjoying everything. Even though I have dined at Volvér several times and always had a great experience, I have never been to a restaurant where they went so above and beyond to accommodate a single party. 

Excellent service aside, Volvér continues to serve the most consistently delicious and original tasting menu in the city. While the presentation/plating has become a little less creative over the years, the flavors haven't. It is still the closest restaurant to Alinea in Chicago that Philadelphia has.
We went here on a whim last night.  It was a quiet, relaxing night and were sat in basically a lounge type table.  The service was superb.  I had the blood lust cocktail and it was not too strong and the ginger vodka was not overwhelming.  The plates are rather small but well done and very artistically displayed.  We had the market fish, which was stone bass, and wagyu sirloin.  Both were well done.  We tried both deserts which were interesting but I didn't care for either of them.  Overall, I am glad I tried this establishment and I would like to come again but it will not be on my list of regular hotspots.
I went to Bar Volver for Restaurant week. Bar Volver is a separate lounge of Volver, with it's own menu. Although it's not as expensive as Volver, I was still expecting top quality food, and ended up leaving disappointed.

Between myself and my guest we tried the following dishes:

Appetizers:
Paella Maki Roll
Kale Salad

Entree: 
Alaskan Halibut
Organic Chicken

Dessert:
Egg Custard Parfait

The appetizers were just OK. The salad seemed to be missing the egg that it is described as having on the menu. For dinner the Halibut was a tasty dish, but the organic chicken was the star of the night. It is fried chicken, a piece of white meat and a piece of dark meat. The crust had that perfect crunch to it and the meat was juicy. The dessert was another dish that was just OK. I certainly would never order the dessert if I was paying a la carte.

The best thing about my meal at Bar Volver was the fried chicken. I can get outstanding friend chicken at other Soul Food restaurants in the city. I don't need to go to an expansive spot like Bar Volver to get fried chicken. Service was also slow. I expected better service and more of a wow factor with the food. Maybe the regular menu is better, but this restaurant week experience did not make me want to come back to pay full price for a meal at Volver. And isn't that the point of restaurant week?
Front of the house needs work but the overall experience was good. When purchasing tickets for the musical Beautiful I was cross-sold a pre-theatre dining experience at this restaurant. I did not realize that the show was at the Academy of Music and not the Kimmel where the restaurant is. We arrived 15 mins early and were told by the young lady with very poor attitude that we would not be seated until our reservation time. There were no seats at the bar to wait.  A quick peek at the room showed that the table we were eventually given was open. So we waited in the drafty lobby.
I get that the kitchen needs to be fed diners on a reasonable schedule but why couldn't we sit and enjoy a drink at our table? Bad management. 

The pre-fixe choices we made were the soup ( good) and the salad (a bit too salty) We all chose the chicken cannaloni (small portions but quite good) and there was only one desert which was chocolate ( very good). At a cost of $35 plus gratuity the value was good. We were only offered one drink and it was a very small pour of house Chardonnay for $18. Ridiculous.  Nicely designed place with non traditional tables. Staff were stressed aka not friendly but working hard. Delivering Pre theatre dining is a tough concept. We had to chase down our check and dessert but we made it to our seats with two minutes to spare. Whew.
I happened to be in town over the tail end of Restaurant Week. My Philly host made a reservation for Friday evening. I was expecting a high end experience. It is definitely a nice restaurant but not nearly as intimidating and stuffy as some reviews made it seem. Modern yet comfortable styling, attentive but relaxed staff. Creative but approachable meals. 

Beverages: I had Blood Lust and enjoyed the not-too-sweet orange impact. My friend had a Spice World. We later had Malbec and rose proseco. 

Food: Because of restaurant week, we selected from the pre fix menu. First course: winter lettuces and vegetable tartine. Both were delicious - good balance of flavors and textures. Main Course: gnudi (yum) and lamb burger (fine). Dessert: orange pistachio parfait and cocoa choux (both ok). So some stars and some average performers. But nothing bad. All in all, a good meal!
This was a fun place for drinks and tapas. We had mixed charcuterie plates and the paella maki roll everything was delicious and plentiful. Our service as great. The server was very enthusiastic and descriptive over their original cocktails. The bartender mixed me a special order drink that was delicious. Ambience is very pleasing. Would love to come again
This was not a great experience. Three exceptionally small courses - we're talking 10 bites or less- took over 2 hours to come out, server was very inattentive, food was nothing to write home about relative to the cost and the time we spent in this place! We would not return.
The restaurant is nicely designed, with comfortable chairs, though the view of the street on one side is far from inspiring. The open kitchen on the other side, gives the feeling the cooks are looked at like animals at the zoo. 
We were pressed in time, so ordered the $35 pre-theater menu, which has only 3 options for first and main course, and only one for dessert. Way too limited. 
The food was well presented, as expected, but lacked any interesting flavors. The tomatoes in the Caprese salad were bland, and felt like they were refrigerated prior to cutting. The duck breast was nicely roasted, but the accompanying crepe with cabbage was tasteless. The fish was cold. The chocolate choux was far from impressive. 
When charging $18 for a glass of wine, it's cheap to serve a microscopic amount of it. But that's an ongoing problem with most of Philadelphia's restaurants. 
Service was professional, yet utterly pretentious and cold. 
The restrooms are located on the lower level of the building, and definitely are not what you'd expect from such a restaurant.  
Can't say it was bad, but no doubt this was a one-time experience.
The most terrible service we've ever experienced. Over 30 minutes to get one round of drinks. PLUS, they watered down the martinis and the grey goose. Insane that this place is still in business.
I had dinner at Volver before a show at the Kimmel Center. The show was at 7:30. We made reservations for 6:15. Though Volver is right inside the Kimmel Center, we were rushing to make it to our seats by 7:30. This is not to say the staff is inattentive, just that you should expect a longer, more relaxed meal. For dinner, we did the pre-show, 3-course menu. The dishes are beautifully crafted and very unique. My main course, shrimp, with sausage and potatoes was delicious! The dessert was good as well. Even though it was 3-courses, I did not leave stuffed :) Perfect portions. I would definitely recommend this place. Though, as established, you should expect a slower meal and be ready to shell out some cash.
Dinner reservations were at 8pm, I wasn't seated until 820pm, with no explanation, except the host saying she was very busy and all alone. Once sat, the server came over, asked about allergies and explained the wine tasting option, which we went with. An aperitif was poured, then we waited until 915pm for our first course. Second course and wine was at 955pm and the server was avoiding the table. I wanted to ask why everything was taking so long, but I didn't want to spoil the Valentine mood. After that, the next courses came out very quickly (the restaurant was starting to clear out a little), with the final entree dish out at 1110pm, which was now too fast, but still having the cheese and dessert to come. My date was starting to fall asleep at the table, so I asked for the rest to be packed to go.
As for the food, there were definitely some nice highlights. The "Deviled egg", the Trucha and The Gnudy, were all good, but the only "wow" for the evening was the final entree, which was a perfectly cooked lamb dish, called Hans Dynasty. Unfortunately, I was only given 10 out of the 12 dishes, since I had to leave, so I'm also not sure which wines I missed. 
As for the wine pairing, I personally thought it was bad pairing or maybe the server was pouring the wrong wines. I felt the wine from the last course, was better with the next on 3 of the courses. Overall, not a good experience!
I found out about this restaurant when I was walking around in the area, and I was immediately attracted by its large windows and beautiful dining environment. After a little research, we decided to go for the 12-course tasting menu with wine pairing. 

The dining environment was as good as it looks on the outside. We walked passed by the bar/lounge area and sat at the dining area where we can see the open kitchen. Both of our seats half face the kitchen, so we're able to see everything from preparing, cooking to plating. They tried to accommodate to dietary restrictions. I've rated all 12 coursed based on my personal preference from one star * to four stars ****. 

***Course 1: Jamon iberico, duck liver mousse, eel glaze, etc. The meat was great and very comparable those I've had in Spain. Not a bad start.
****Course 2: "Milk and cereal". OMG. This was the best dish out of all 12 courses. The flavor palette so interesting. black truffle goes so well with the little pieces of bacon and chicken, and the white asparagus is such a bonus. I enjoyed this dish so much.
**Course 3: Wild blossom - which is a tiny salad with baby lettuces and other greens. The pumpernickel crisp was an interesting add to the dish.
**Course 4: Sea trout. Such as interesting presentation! Somehow, they made the sea trout looks like salmon! The fish was moist and flavorful.
**Course 5: Ricotta with parmesan cream. It was a little bland for me and not a very impressive dish. 
***Course 6:Star canyon - Dungeness crab with sweet potato tart, thai red chili. This is another highlight of the meal. The sweetness from the crabmeat goes with the sweet potato so well, and well contrasted by the chili.
*Course 7: Roasted pheasant with foie gras, grapes, etc. This is the second to last savory dish of this meal. I'm not used to eating birds other than chicken or duck, so I'm a little biased towards this dish. We're also very full at this point and have had too much wine. We couldn't really finish. 
*Course 8: lamb. I don't eat lamb unfortunately, and they could not substitute this out. This is the last savory dish and I hoped it could end on a higher note.
**Course 9: pear, walnut crumble, caramel. The plating is delicate and pretty and the color tones goes very well, the flavors were not as nice as it looks. I was a little disappointed at this point because the past few dishes were not to my taste.
***Course 10: panna cotta with green apple sorbet. This is the best dessert out of this meal, but I was really expecting a restaurant at this level would include a more advanced dessert to its tasting menu.
*Course 11: chocolate mille feuille. I did not enjoy this at all. Everything was chocolate with nothing stands out. 
**Course 12: petit fours. No surprises. We did not have room for this anymore and asked for it to go.   
***Wine pairing: there was six wines throughout the entire meal, but the server took little time to explain the wines to us. It paired great with the food, but it was too much wine for me in the end.

The best thing throughout the entire meal was the presentation of everything. Pricing was not bad for so much food and wine, especially that they are using some very good ingredients. The service was ok. The dishes were explained well, but we felt like the servers' attention was more focused on the other tables somehow (not sure whether it's because of age). It was a little disappointing that everything went downhill after the "milk and cereal" with few highlights after that. I won't do the full tasting again, but I might return just for the "milk and cereal"!
Little disappointed to see the menu. Too small. The online menu is bigger and has lot of foods that does not match the current menu in the restaurant. It is misleading to customers. So, my suggestion to the restaurant is to update the online menu. If I knew that , I may not come to this restaurant. I could not get a table, no option to book on line of through open table apps. I took a seat at the bar, but the bartenders were not attentive. The pace of food serving was good. The amount of food is pretty small. The relatively the price is $$$$. Clean and contemporary decoration inside. Noise level average. The papaya salad was ok, may need a little touch of chili. Love the shrimp toast. The beef tatter was great. The tout was well seasoned and was tasty. The crepe was delicious. Still at the end of a day, like to have more options and updated menu online. Need to have open table booking capability. Liked it but not excited.
This is the second time we've eaten there, after a long interval. Went for a pre-theater prix fixe menu, which seemed nice. Service was terrible and we had to wait so long for food and even longer for drinks. Literally waited 45 min for one of the drinks and had to ask for it 4-5 times. Repeatedly had to ask for items we ordered. They brought the bottle of wine for the table after most in our party had finished their entree. Steak was so overdone but had to eat it as to send it back would mean missing the concert. Overall quite a miserable dining experience.
Yes, yes, and yesssssssss !!! This is the gem I've been waiting to find in Philly!! Love the vibe. Drinks are A+++, and the food is simply delicious!! Great experience from start to finish. I'll be back, Volver!! Promise!!
I was surprised to read middling to good reviews on a center city spot with Jose Garces name behind it.  But after my experience I must also give this a middling review.  I admit though- I did give a bit of a handicap based on the fact that it DOES promote itself as an Iron Chef establishment and based my expectations likewise.  If this place simply marketed itself as a trendy deconstructionist loving lunch stop- then it's easily a 4 star.

Seemingly shoved into the corner of the Kimmel Center, Volvers L shape doesn't leave much room for any real dining space.  We were in the outer edge in the kitchen area- seriously IN the kitchen area.  I know it's nice to see your food directly in preparation but it just added to the sense of tightness.  The chairs are comfy but aren't meant to be seated forward to eat and with the background music, it was hard to hear the person you're trying to dine with.

And for a menu with only 20 items, it didn't nail them all as I would expect.  This place loves deconstruction and tableside as we learned with their "Milk and Cereal" soup with crackers and marshmallow cereal and milk poured on. I enjoyed the whimsy but a few bites more of bacon and marshmallow would have made every bite sing heavenly.

As well with their take on French onion soup with a broth and sourdough ring and poached egg.  The egg was definitely overdone, not beyond hope but still too far and the broth was barely warm. 

The tournedos were cooked perfectly for steak but proved that this was wanting to be a delicate upscale dining experience with its plethora of blended sauces to compliment.

The St. Honore was unrecognizable in display but the flavors and textures worked well and candied peanuts stole the show.  The majorlaine was a true sponge and played well with the natural sweetness of the beets.  But the bleu cheese whipped cream was oddly the one NOT delicate bite of the whole night and completely overpowered the dish.  

I also appreciate the cocktails done very well.  Service was friendly and solid if occasionally oddly paced- at least 10 minutes between appetizer and entree, and dessert arrived but had to wait a minute for the coffee.  

It's a fine spot to not worry about getting to a Kimmel performance but for what they set expectations to- it really doesn't hit it consistently.
This restaurant is very convenient to the Kimmel center and reasonably attractive inside. My hammachi was ridiculously overcooked, fairly cold, and the accompanying sauce was unappealing. The crepe salad was the best enjoyed dinner at the table. Small plates were nothing special and while the server was pleasant she seemed to have absolutely no fine dining experience. The food runners don't understand how the seat numbers work so you have to call out to claim your entree like you might at some kind of chain restaurant. You don't have to worry about running up a hefty bar tab because they are extremely slow to serve and do not return to sell another drink.
Summary:  Go...just go, it's outstanding.  Save up, cash in any CD's that may have matured, and have at it.  
-------------
I went to Volver recently during the week, and enjoyed their 12-course tasting menu.  It's a pricey excursion, at $155 for the menu; I did not choose the wine pairing for this visit.  The space is very sleek and I think the bar area trumps the restaurant area in ambiance, though the open kitchen in the dining room is a nice feature.  At this time, they don't provide seating at the kitchen counter, though the captain assigned to my table said it was under consideration.  The dining area is quite small, actually...only 15 or 20 tables, I'd guess.  I didn't think the room really matched the ultra-high-end nature of the experience, to be honest.  I started with their Truffle Explosion cocktail, which was one of the best (and most unusual) drinks I've ever had.  The defining ingredient in this bourbon drink is truffle lavender honey, which I believe they make in-house.  It was truly unique, and worth a try.  I really enjoyed it.  

I won't go over each course, but a highlight for me was the Kentucky Fried Squab, which is as highbrow as comfort food gets, and a great combination of crispy squab, corn puree, mashed potatoes, a natural jus, and some other accompaniments.  Another great dish was the milk and cereal, which is a combination of ingredients in a bowl (including white asparagus, truffle, and bacon lardons) with an accompaniment of asparagus milk.  The asparagus milk was great, considering I really don't like asparagus much at all...it was very good, and a super-creative dish in my opinion.  

The only aspect of the courses that I was a bit disappointed with was the final course, which is a char-grilled Kobe steak...strip loin, I believe.  It was cooked mid-rare, and I thought the meat was a bit on the tough side.  Additionally, they cooked it so high and fast that the outer 1/4" was totally dried out and very tough.  It wasn't horrible, but Kobe is such a treat, that I was a little disappointed.  

The service was good with no hiccups whatsoever.  The staff was clearly very experienced, and they did a great job. 

The one aspect of the evening that I didn't really appreciate was the fact that they automatically add a 20% tip to the bill, before tax and I believe also w/o the alcohol included.  Now, I'm a good tipper, and I generally tip 20-25% on the entire bill, tax and alcohol included, which I think is very fair for good service.  I added an additional tip on top of the included service to bring this up to my usual percentage.  I do not at all appreciate the service being included as a charge after the bill.  It's a little different when it's included in the pre-fixe price, but I for some reason I resent the blatant act of adding it after the bill.  Not a show-stopper, but definitely wasn't something I really appreciated.  

Overall, a great experience...and I'd go back without hesitation, once my bank account recovers.  :)

-J
I was a little disappointed with my experience at Volver. My boyfriend and i came during restaurant week and it had to have been the fastest dinner we've ever had. We were early for our reservation and had a bit of an awkward encounter with the hostess. She was supposed to escort us to our table but was waiting to walk behind me...? i don't know where i'm supposed to be going!
we both had the milk and cereal which was very good. I had the duck which i felt was gamey and difficult to eat. My boyfriend had the NoLa prawns and said it was very good.
I loved the plating for the panna cotta. Portions were small, service was good but we were in and out of the restaurant within 30 minutes. felt rushed. I had high expectations since i absolutely love Jose Garces but this time i was a little let down. Unsure if i want to come back
I tried Volver for the first time for dinner during Restaurant Week.  I was excited because their menu looked really good.  The restaurant is essentially inside the Kimmel Center, and I heard they also usually have prixe fix meals before Kimmel Center shows.  The inside is very pretty, fancy, and dark.  It definitely has a classy atmosphere.  

Overall, I enjoyed the food, but a big part of their food is also their presentation.  The dishes were plated beautifully!  The portions are not huge, but perfect for a three course meal.  You won't be overstuffed afterwards, but you also shouldn't be hungry.  I ordered the Milk and Cereal, the Hanger Steak, and the Panna Cotta.  The milk and cereal was really cool, like a soup, and came out in a cute little cereal box glass that the waitress pours into the bowl for you.  The hanger steak was absolutely delicious, cooked well and probably my favorite dish of the night.  The panna cotta was interesting, very fruity and had a strong black sesame flavor.  It was cool to try and plated beautifully, but I probably wouldn't order it again.
This is for the 12 course prix fixer at Volver. 

One word : wow! 

Just spectacular. Creative, delicious, masterful dishes without being overly pretentious. 

Very pricey but very worth it.
