Ladies get your 1920's gold flapper dresses & cigarette stems ready, there's a new Gatsby movie set in town and you're invited to the party! 
Hands down the most beautiful restaurant interior in Philadelphia, by #PLDNYC, WOW WOW WOW!!! Philadelphia has officially entered into her golden age.
And now.. the drumroll... which restaurant will win the cocktail competition? That's what it's all about these days, right? the latest, greatest & fanciest and most original cocktail out there! I'll admit, I'm riding this trend hard and loving every bit of these hot new restaurants trying to one-up each other with the most perfect cocktail menu and delightful combination of flavors! 
We were served by a lovely gentleman wearing a pink suit with high water pants, it was a late dinner at the bar with a few cocktails, sparkling rose, hand made brown butter ravioli, and a slab of cherry pie to complete the evening. 
We will be back for a full course dinner soon, and I'd like to try breakfast too!
My lunch at Walnut Street Cafe recently was really good. I walked in without a reservation, which was borderline chancey - the place was pretty bumpin' even at 1pm! Next time, I'll definitely make a res in advance. 

We started with some shrimp from the raw bar - they were large and delicious. We also had the romaine salad, which is essentially a caesar. It was very underdressed and didn't have much flavor; I probably wouldn't order it again. 

For our mains, we shared the ravioli with brown butter and the rigatoni with guanciale. Both pastas were excellent, but I think I liked the rigatoni slightly more. The serving size for both plates was on the small side, but perfect for a lunch that felt slightly indulgent without making me want to fall asleep. We took our server's recommendation for a white wine to pair, and he was spot on with his suggestion. 

I did find the service overall to be a little too intrusive. I felt like we were telling someone everything was fine every three minutes. If your guests look like they're involved in conversation and don't appear to need anything, it's okay to pass on that table touch! 

All things considered, I had a very nice first experience for lunch - the hype is warranted! Looking forward to get back for dinner sometime.
You've probably heard about the newest gal in town. Not only does Walnut Street Cafe have a Michelin star-backed pedigree in the kitchen, but she's certainly pretty. Gorgeously designed and located on the ground level of the FMC Tower at Cira Center South, Walnut Street Cafe's sleek, bright, and open. A quick five-minute walk from Rittenhouse, you'll feel right at home whether you're enjoying pastries and coffee at the bar area or enjoying the view of the open kitchen during lunch and dinner service. So yes, Walnut Street's an all-day affair!

Who are they exactly? I'd be remiss if I didn't exalt the team behind Walnut Street Cafe. While having dinner here, the GF and I had the chance to chat with proprietor Branden McRill & Chef Daniel Eddy. Branden's co-owner of Michelin-starred Rebelle in NYC, with his experience reading off like a litany of "It" restaurants and restaurateurs (read: Alinea, Blackbird, Danny Meyer, Jean-Georges Vongerichten to name a few). Chef Eddy began with Michael Psilakis, ultimately landing in Paris to work extensively with Daniel Rose. French technique intact, Eddy eventually returned to NY to team up with Branden at Rebelle. And with this move to Philly, their dynamic team is seeking to satiate Philly's palates without any pretense or pretension. Think delicious food and evident technique in a convivial, relaxed atmosphere.  

Bread Service
House-baked focaccia, olive oil 

Our meal started off with house-baked focaccia, with a perfectly bubbled crust and enjoyably airy within. Not overly perfumed or salted, this went great with the accompanying olive oil. 

Dominican Wedding [$14]
Mole bitters, yellow chartreuse, PX sherry, mezcal 

I'm a sucker for drinks with chocolate bitters, so was obviously intrigued by the mole bitters. A bit of smoke from the mezcal married well (get it?) with the sweetness from the Pedro Ximenez and chartreuse, with the mole bitters rounding things out. 

Cold Crush [$14]
Lemon, cinnamon, grapefruit, rum, soda 

The GF's tipple offered easy drinking for the summer. The rum tempered the citrus nicely, with a bit of light effervescence from the soda. 

Ricotta and Lemon Toast [$7]

Forget avocado toast - Walnut Street Cafe's ricotta with preserved lemons and parsley hit all the right notes. Especially the case on top of Chef Eddy's perfected multi-grain toast. Somehow hearty, yet light, and with the right amount of texture without losing any moisture. 

Iceberg Salad [$12]
Bacon, sun-dried tomatoes, blue cheese 

I have no qualms about ordering salad when they're adorned and dressed like this. This horizontal wedge eschews the uninteresting parts of the Iceberg, with crisp, unctuous bacon lardons, bright red onion, roasted sun-dried tomatoes, and plenty of blue cheese interspersed perfectly within every bite. Acid, texture, fat, freshness - it was all there.

Lasagna [$16]
Veal ragu, toasted hazelnuts, thyme 

We were simply stunned by the lasagna. Sorry Philly - it's not all about the Sunday Gravy or red sauce, because Eddy's white sauce is where it's at. Another summer delight, this dish offers all the enjoyably crispy bits of pasta, with plenty of savory notes from the thyme and veal ragu, along with additional texture and wonderful mouthfeel from the hazelnut. This is a must order.

Black Bass [$24]
Cranberry beans, sauce piperade 

Gorgeously plated, the black bass was firm and moist, with crisp, seasoned skin. Cranberry beans provided nice heft to the dish, with plenty of acid and subtle sweetness from the stew of tomatoes, green peppers, and onions. 

Hangar Steak [$26]
Salsa verde, sauce bordelaise 

I appreciated that the hangar wasn't prototypically overly marinated and Chef Eddy allowed the beautiful cut to shine. Steak is appropriately executed sans salt crust, which would have detracted from the flavorful beefiness of the steak. And frankly there was plenty of salty hits of savoriness from the salsa verde, which emanated plenty of caper and anchovy essence.

Honey-Roasted Carrots [$8]

A veritable garden of gorgeous rainbow carrots were honey-roasted and grilled to hit the sweet and earthy notes to nicely complement the main. 

Buttermilk Panna Cotta [$9]
Pistachio crumble, strawberry sorbet

Walnut Street Cafe has a force in Pastry Chef cum Babka Queen Melissa Weller. You'll swoon with the panna cotta. It's set with a light acidic tang from the buttermilk, nutty texture from the pistachio crumble, tart sweetness from the strawberry sorbet, and gorgeous blackberries that were seemingly macerated in a bit of honey. Beautifully plated and a light way to end a wonderful meal.

The kitchen was clearly on point, especially considering it had just opened. Service was also exceptional all-around. Our server Amanda was affable, with great recommendations and knowledge of the menu. I know I'll be back again soon not just for dinner. They've got patio dining so pretty sure we have our new go-to for when we take Porter on his morning walks by Cira Green
The hyped Walnut Street Café is a difficult restaurant for me to assign stars to.  Yes the Philadelphia Inquirer food critic raved about it but then he liked that Pigeon place in Queen Village which has similar all-day food aspirations and where I had one of the worst meals in the last year.  Well fortunately the multi-faceted Walnut Street Café is def better but the experience began all wrong and causes me to not give four stars which is probably near where it might have been.  When I entered the Walnut Street Café and asked about the Restaurant Week menu the host really snarkily said - "Well I assume that's why you're here."  Well he doesn't need to assume anything, just be polite and answer the simple question.  Then being seated without a look or a word in a less than half-filled restaurant, no one approached the table for 10 minutes.  Say what?  Yeah .... people kept walking by but no one stopped to take an order or say I'll be right with you.  Finally at the 10 minute mark I flagged an employee down who reluctantly took the order but I never saw her again.  Well that's okay because then a really cool and friendly waitress must have been assigned to the table and everything went much better from that point on.

The chicory salad with an orange vinaigrette started off the meal nicely and the accompanying homemade focaccia bread was light and fluffy.  The main porchetta and provolone sandwich served with French fries was also fine and the lunch closed with a delicious buttermilk panna cotta.  This was a solid Restaurant Week menu and the whole experience was saved by a friendly waitress.  But to the Walnut Street Café - eliminate pretentious airs and comments when greeting a customer and don't let a table sit for ten minutes with no acknowledgement.  Then you'll deserve more stars!
How many people does it take to provide good service in a restaurant? (I'm assuming that's the restaurant industry equivalent to the joke: how many people does it take to change a light bulb?) 

I don't know the answer, but at Walnut Street Café (WSC) 6 people served me, solitary diner, for lunch one day. The count was 9 ("brigade service") on a recent dinner. Yet, there's always been one service issue or another, across all my visits: breakfast, lunch, dinner. On my first visit (September), the server forgot to bring my avocado sandwich. As I waited for Godot (my appetizer), another server, after hesitation, put one piece of bread on my plate and walked away. I've not seen any bread since! Later (December), when I was here for breakfast at 7 am, there were 4 servers when I was exiting. Not one of them greeted or made eye contact with me. There was only one other customer there! Earlier the server had brought me the wrong Kouign Amann (Peppermint) and I had to point out to him the tell-tale sign showing which one it was (and it was my first KA here).The next time was lunch. It took 12 minutes for my server to acknowledge me. And, it wasn't even that the place was crowded. Even the hostess saw that I'd read War and Peace in the meanwhile, and came to apologize and offer me a menu as she tried to locate my server. Most recently, it took 15 minutes for the server to come and take my dinner order (yes. I've been timing. So should mgmt.). Then, as I'm deciding between ordering two pastas or one, she confirms one should be enough (I'll assume she meant well: save me money), and when I inquired whether the gnocchi with short rib had any pork (which I don't eat), she confirmed yes. Thirty minutes into the meal, and I'm still hungry after the first pasta and as I'm seated on the counter table, ask the chef shouldn't the short rib be beef? He confirms: yes - and so I then place another order for short rib pasta... and wait (to be fair to the server, she was knowledgeable about desserts, energetic in describing all elements in great detail).

It's a shame about their service because WSC has garnered rave critical reviews. I've no gripes with the kitchen. Well, a minor one with the flat bread (with clams), which while tasty had turned gummy (not chewy or crispy) as the cream based sauce has spilled over and seeped into the crust. Otherwise, the food has always been very good. My favorite menu items being: ravioli with brown butter and mint, Squid with crispy shallots and Calabrian aioli, and Reginette Alla Arrabiata (shrimp, tomatoes, Calabrian peppers). The dessert selection has been a pleasant surprise. The chocolate hazelnut pot de crème with candied lemon and cocoa nibs was exceptional, though I must point out the coffee ice cream was dense - almost chewy in texture, like Mastic ice cream, which was distracting. Also, I'd loved the panna cotta with strawberry sorbet on a prior visit.

The star of the morning menu is undoubtedly the Chocolate Hazelnut Kouign Amann, which comes out around 7:30 am (noting the time for potential customers, not complaining.) Once you bite into the pastry the generous cream reminds you of wondrous experiences from your childhood. The Babka also is very good, though I prefer ones that you eat with your hands, and have ample gooey filling of chocolate (e.g. Breads in NYC, Cheskie in Montreal). The version at WSC needed a knife and fork. A first for me (the knife part). But the chocolate exterior gradually won me over as it gave the bite depth.
 
I think the lunch menu needs work. It's more formal compared to casual menus at other all-day cafes, and the value proposition isn't clear (who are they targeting: 'Ladies who lunch'?). I liked the Ravioli, but there were only six small pieces that took me 2 minutes to eat. As the manager picked up my plate, and asked me how it was, I laughed and remarked that obviously I hated it. She reciprocated in the banter by saying "And it was also too filling. Right?" So, yes: that was unscripted, and endearing. But, also not a good sign when the staff also knows that the portions are tiny...

Going back to service: based on my sample size (5 visits), I think I've isolated the process breakdown. The issues happen between the time the customer sits down, waits for the menu, and then places the order. Once the order is in the system, someone (or 9!) will serve you in a timely manner. As to WHY that's happening, my hypothesis is on division of responsibilities, and not that they are understaffed. I don't intend to be petty, but when I'm waiting for 15 minutes for a server, I've enough time to look around and see the 4 people standing idly behind the bar, two others chatting with the host, and three at the cash register - while my harried server is busy going from one table to the next... 

It's a basic rule of management: if it's everyone's job, then it's no one's job. So, WSC, here's the simple question: who's on first? And, no, it's not a comedy routine...
Philadelphia has A LOT of excellent restaurants. Do not be fooled by this one. While I applaud their limited, locally sourced seasonal menu and their extensive, reasonably priced wine list (their Som is quite knowledgeable!), I felt the the food to be extremely overpriced. The restaurant itself beautiful and spacious but it is also very noisy. 

The manager wasn't exactly warm when a few in our group showed up 10 minutes late for our reservation. My in-laws who had left early struggled to find parking nearby -- and they still received the cold shoulder when they arrived.

If I were you, sit at the bar and enjoy a craft cocktail in some beautiful crystal glassware - the bartenders here are very nice and very talented. Maybe have a small bite or two. Don't do dinner unless you are really looking to shell it out and be underwhelmed. And be a bit hungry afterward...
Made a 1:45 PM brunch reservation for a Saturday. When we arrived, we were seated immediately. As usual, our service was very attentive. My boyfriend tried their Rum Punch drink, and it was delicious! It was served in a beautiful glass with a little drink umbrella.

To eat, I had the two eggs brunch option and ordered them poached. My boyfriend had the eggs benedict. We also split the coffee cake. Everything came out quickly, and was cooked perfectly! Their hash browns are the thicker side of potato style (versus a thinly sliced alternative) and they are always crispy. The coffee cake was delicious, I loved the fig on top!

We were in and out in under an hour, but did not feel rushed at all. I'm looking forward to coming back again soon for happy hour!
When I arrived I was immediately greeted by a somewhat disheveled host not in appearance but ability. I don't understand why as there was only one person in line in front of me. It seem to be a problem with either his ability to handle more than one thing at a time or the iPad had connectivity issues. Because I was a party of one I was seated in the area that seems more like the bistro breakfast area instead the dining room. Not too happy with that but let's roll with it.

Initially I thought only the host seemed to be out of order or sorts however, the discombobulation continued to be the order of service throughout my encounter with the Walnut St., Café.  With several servers attending a maximum of 15 people inside and 6 outside The service did not appear to be fluid nor the workers in sync with one another. Although several people may have filled your glass, delivered your food or your check it was a quite spaced out before you received any of the services mentioned. For example my server acknowledged me ending my meal and asking for a box for my food at 10:05 I didn't receive my check until 10:25, this was after flagging down another worker.

I ordered the Pork Belly sandwich it was served on a brioche bun with Cole slaw that had way too much mayo or salad dressing. I will guess mayonnaise as it had no flavor. It was all 'cole' and no slaw! The sandwich as a whole lacked flavor or texture. How does pork Belly lack taste? Not one hint of salt? Although I am not a person who enjoys the taste of salt you do expect that in pork products.  The fries however were hot and tasty. I was impressed they served complementary sparkling water this is highly unusual but necessary as I was unimpressed with my meal and the service! The slow service deterred me from ordering more items from the bakery or a glass wine. I had to feed the parking meter, this was not a dining experience worthy of a ticket. The soft jazz and R&B music that played in the background set a nice mood, it wasn't too loud or offensive in any way. As I was leaving I learned they have live jazz every Sunday 12-3. They have live jazz and a bar, I may try it again?!
Very Disappointing Brunch.

Even though we had reservations we were going to be seated literally right under the speaker being used by the group that was to be playing during our meal.  They moved us to an adjoining table where the sound from that speaker would at least be at our feet.

Since no other inside tables were available and although it was in the high 80's, we requested an outside table.  Not a great start but that's OK.  The food could save the rocky start. It didn't.

The Eggs Benedict with ham was large but not much else.  The Hollandaise sauce was the color of Cheese Whiz but not as tasty.  The Black Scrapple with Romesco, black rice, hazelnuts and a fried egg was just ok.

With 2 drinks before tip the bill came to around $48.  We won't be rushing back.
This should be a 5 star review. But it isn't . I was running late and called to let them know. They were very accommodating and moved my reservation back a half hour. So I arrive 15 minuets before the reservation, to an empty restaurant. I was told I needed to wait in the cafe. Ok so I wait. I have an  ice coffee. Very week. I'm a master at cold brew. 10 mins later they seat us. The restaurant is stunning. Maybe the best space in the city. The views are Meh. Sorry but West Philly train tracks....  amazing bread and free sparking water. Looking excellent. We order. 2 apps. 1 side. 1 entree . Told the server she could bring them out in any order. We were sharing. Here was the big issue. All the food arrived ten minutes later. All at the same time. So what do I eat? The cold ? The hot? First the food was great . The black scrapple was beautiful and excellent but would be better for breakfast. The Wedge salad was a unique twist in presentation and it was stunning and all the ingredients were first rate but I don't like dill and it was in the dressing and not listed on the menu. Salt roasted beets were great served with shaved pears and watercress. The best item was the tempura Porgy . Fish and chips. Wow and double wow. Perfect crisp fresh fish and perfect fries. Friend got the Apple desert . The meal was very reasonable for the quality. We were in and out in less then an hour. I was not in a hurry. I just don't get it. And the restaurant never filled up. So how do I rate this? I loved it and was simultaneously disappointed.
The food at Walnut Street Cafe has generally been somewhere between ok to good. BUT some pros: ridiculously cute place, convenient location (for me at least), and generally good (albeit sometimes slow) service. 

One other very big point in the Pro side though is that their pastries are EXTRAORDINARY. I've had more than one but let me point out my favorite: The chocolate hazelnut kouign aman was flaky, sweet but not overly sweet to my taste, rich, and sooooo delicious.

If you're around for a snack or for breakfast/brunch, trust me, get a pastry and you will not be disappointed!
I always plan to not spend much.  Mainly came for the khachapuri even tho I was not hungover.  I got a Bloody Mary to start, added a side of bacon cos I love bacon and the khachapuri.  The bacon was ok plain unsure what kind they use. Bloody Mary was decent.  I've had a tough time finding one to match up with the Jacobs pickle Bloody Mary in nyc's upper west side.  The khachapuri tho was pretty good!  The outer edges were just slightly greasy dough bites white the inside wirh the sunny side egg had the ham and cheese which made for a good unhealthy meal which I'd easily welcome hungover
This is a great new restaurant right over the bridge into University City. With a great location under the FMC tower it will definitely be busy. Although the service took a little more time than expected, they are still working out the kinks as the restaurant just opened 2 days ago. I started my meal off with a piece of focaccia bread and some amazing olive oil. Although it may be annoying that they only give one piece of bread out at a time it definitely helps for you to not ruin your meal. I then had one of the House made sodas. It was Turmeric and ginger. Great flavor! I then had my first course which was the black scrapple. That was great with the black rice that accompanied it. My next course was the Burger. I am not a fan of bacon but it went really well with the cheddar and onions. My only complaint is that it doesn't come with a side. But at $14 for a burger you can't complain. Adding $6 for a side of which I chose carrots made basically a $20 burger which is to be expected of a restaurant of this category. I ended the meal with a delicious cinnamon bun which was made fresh just a little earlier in the day.
The first thing you notice about walnut st cafe is the beautiful decor. Whoever designed it did a good job. I started my meal with a cocktail and Whipped Pork, Multigrain Toast. The cocktail was very good, the toast was just ok. Too much of the whipped pork on it. For my entree i had the Grilled Pork Loin. It was a perfectly cooked to medium, juicy, piece of pork. The broccoli rabe, black rice, romesco  that came on the side did not match the brilliance of the meat. I also was able to taste the chicken entree. Another perfectly cooked piece if meat that reminds you how good chicken can be in the right chef's hands. I had the Apple pie for dessert. It was good, but could have been better if the crust wasn't so hard. 

With minor improvements this could be a five star restaurant. The meats were incredible. The rest needs some minor tweaking to garner my 5 star rating.
Fantastic.

Really just exceptional.

Décor- check. 
Helpful wait staff? You bet.
High Quality meal at quite fair prices? Double Check,

Bonus! Sunday brunch had great live Jazz which started at 12:00.

Our brunch experience was such a pleasant surprise- Despite our relatively low tab, the wait staff treated us like royalty- and each seemed genuinely proud of this fine looking, well thought out restaurant.

Special Kudos go to our main server (listed as Gabriel E) as well as Tim and Colleen who each made us feel more than welcome. 

TIP- Since the baked goods and pastries are amazing(apparently made on site) you'll want more than one. Walk 'em off with a great stroll in the recently expanded Penn Park, Everyone goes to Schuylkill banks- but exploring Penn Park can be your little slice of pastry calorie burning heaven.

Thanks again Walnut Street Cafe- Your name may be unassuming, but the experience you provided  was without compare.
Came here for lunch recently and was finally able to try the food, however, nothing really stood out to me enough to want to return except for going back for happy hour drinks, and the service was lacking.

I agree with several of the other reviews that the service is just...off.  They dress more professional than other places so it seems like the caliber of service should be better (plus the host was super formal, almost like a maître d'), but it just wasn't.  Like, they just don't have their shit together.  We came during peak lunch hour for a business meeting and it actually wasn't even that busy, maybe only a few tables there besides us, yet everything seemed to take forever.  They actually forgot about us, I think, which is hard considering it was a group of 5.  For starters, the host sat us and dropped our menus saying the server would be right with us, which they weren't in a decent amount of minutes.  When he walked by again, we asked where she was and he just ended up taking our drink orders at least and then walking away.  Then more time passes, we finally get our drinks, but still no actual server in sight, so we remind him that we'd like to order food, since we're on a tight one-hour lunch break for work, so he goes to get her and now returns not one, but TWO servers (presumably her and the guy she's training).  She takes our food orders, then mere minutes later ANOTHER random server comes by to take our food order and we're like umm we already did.  The whole thing was so unorganized for having that many people on staff at the same time.

The food was okay, nothing memorable.  My burger was pretty good but overpriced and small.  Dessert menu is actually very expansive and all sounded delicious, so perhaps that part of the menu is worth exploring.
The food is very good and the ambiance is wonderful. The service is SO slow no matter if it is full or empty. Additionally, most of the staff are quite rude and do not seem to care. I have given this place 5 tries and cannot say that I have ever been happy when leaving. Which is sad because I work upstairs - would love to make this a go to spot but I can't justify it for happy hour, lunch or dinner. 

Some examples: an hour and a half for lunch, asked to wait outside for our dessert because they needed the table. 20 minutes for two glasses of wine at happy hour. Server rolled his eyes at a guest who preferred oil and vinegar on their salad. They have no food between 3-5. Always takes more than 10 minutes to get your credit card back after handing it over to pay your check.
Stopped in hungry after a long train ride into town and were seated right away - and they even checked our bags for us, which was awesome. So, I don't want to write a bad review...but after that the service was just so bad.

We were seated with no menus. Our server asked if we wanted coffee, and we ordered two teas (not realizing they were $6 each...not for a large pot...but for a small pot for one - probably wouldn't have made that choice with a menu). Then we sat there longer before having to ask for menus to see from another server, because ours was MIA. Then, we waited for so long for our drinks and to order, that we finally flagged down our waiter to get our drinks to go - and his response was curt and something about how they had to time it right (but sitting for 15-20 minutes waiting for tea and a chance to even order is definitely not 'timing it right'. Another friendly server stepped in, brought us our drinks, and ran the card.

Food looked good, but bad service and expensive, so I wouldn't recommend.
Service is possibly the worst I've ever had.  I had lunch at the Walnut Street Cafe this afternoon with a friend and we had a waitress who was lovely, but equally inept.  In fact, the entire wait staff seemed poorly trained and, frankly, not at all comfortable in a restaurant setting.  

After introducing herself the waitress straight away asked for our food order - she seemed taken aback when we said we'd like something to drink first.  We ordered a couple of iced teas (two different types).  Seventeen minutes later - no drinks.  Finally she brought one drink to the table, but said the bartender had to brew my tea and it would take a while so I told her to forget about the drink.  Five minutes later the manager comes to our table, apologies and says my iced tea would be coming right up and that I "wouldn't be charged a cent for it".  ?!?!?!??  Wow.  Another five minutes goes by ... bartender serves my tea.  HOT tea.   Seriously???  The waitress could even get that much straight.  

Okay, let's just order and get out of here.  Grilled vegetable sandwich sounds good ... what's in it?   "Asparagus".  That's how our waitress described the Walnut Street Cafe grilled vegetable sandwich ... asparagus.  Never mind, we'll have the burger, ravioli and share a side of glazed carrots.  Oh .... about the carrots.  We've run out.  (If you're going to WSC for dinner tonight, forget about having carrots).  When we finally did get our meal the food was okay - nothing special.  And really, does a water glass need to be replenished 8 times?  EIGHT!!!!  Every time I took one or two mouthfuls, more water was poured. It got to be so annoying, I finally had to put the water bottle on the floor out of the reach of passing staff all of whom seemed to take a particular pride in keeping patrons well hydrated.  

We were never asked if we'd like dessert, coffee, tea .... the check was simply placed in the center of the table.  

The space is stunning, but that only goes so far.  

Mary
- TIP:  Don't go out of your way to check them out for happy hour.  Their bar is tiny.

- CON: Stopped by for a late afternoon drink. Restaurant was empty, but the tiny bar had no open seats.  The host just said "there's nothing we can offer you".  That's completely understandable if they were full. But they were not (and they weren't booked either -- we checked)

- BOTTOM LINE: They think they're more important than they really are.
Before going to brunch at Walnut St Cafe, I had heard conflicting takes on the restaurant. Many people said they loved it, but others claimed it was overrated. One of the main complaints from the latter group is that the menu was too standard and lacked the creativity of many popular brunch spots. 

I have to admit that when I first saw the menu, I was hesitant. There weren't many vegetarian options and the few that they did have looked very basic. I went for the breakfast sandwich with avocado and brioche french toast.

Those are definitely standard brunch options, but the execution was anything but standard. Both were really delicious and had perfect textures. They may have been simple dishes, but the quality set them apart. The breakfast sandwich was on a tasty, buttery biscuit, the scrambled egg was cooked perfectly, and the avocado was fresh. Just writing this description is making me crave it again!

The french toast was also very tasty (to be fair, it's hard to go wrong with sugar and bread), but the consistency is again where it stood out. The outside was thick and crusty but the inside was dense and cakey. 

The only thing I was disappointed about was that they were out of their chocolate hazelnut Kouign Amman which is supposed to be fantastic. I'll definitely try this next time I go back. 

So, while yes, the menu items are standard and perhaps lack imagination, the food is still delicious, and that's what really matters to me. What's wrong with simple if it's done really well?

The atmosphere is also great at Walnut Street Cafe. It has many large windows, so the restaurant is bright and feels open. It's done has a very trendy look - marble all over, touches of art deco revival with lots of brass and cool light fixtures, and mid-century inspired furniture.
Breakfast is legendary. Great vibes, service, coffee, food and pastries. I especially can vouch for a latte, breakfast sandwich, and koiugn amann specialities like bergamot. Melissa weller is a phenomenal baker.

I haven't come for other meals but in terms of foods and vibes at breakfast are concerned, Walnut street deserves an average 4.5 not 3.5 on yelp. That's for sure! Most breakfast spots do not have nice upscale vibes and be fast casual, super rare.
This is an overpriced, middling quality restaurant that is run by an eclectic staff.  Really puzzled why this place gets good reviews.  Granted there are not many upscale restaurants on the university side to choose from, but this place pales in comparison with the competition across the river in downtown.  

I was greeted by a nice guy wearing a jean jacket upside down.  Our waiter was a nice guy with intense jewelry and piercings. The food was average, though I asked for more soda (took 10 minutes) a salmon appetizer (never came) more soda (never came) another (tiny) slice of bread (never came) and just gave up.  The desserts were fair.   For the prices they are asking I would have expected much better food, much better service, and either larger portions and/or better presentation.  I left thinking I'd never go back.  Much better off going downtown.
Came here to meet some partners prior to a meeting.   Showed up at 10:55a and was told they were only serving breakfast until 11a.  The breakfast seating area had people sitting on top of each other no ability to have a conversation.   

2/3 of the restaurant was empty!  I asked to sit a little further away from people and they said those sections don't open until lunch at 11:30.   Seriously?  You wouldn't let me sit down at a table where I could have a conversation?

Time to learn the hospitable part of hospitality.
WOW. First of all I came in for the day from NYC to experience the Kouign Amann. Call me crazy. It this pastry chef from Sadelles and Per Se knows what's up! The service was stellar and special shoutout to Cheyenne for answering all our questions. They take pastry and food seriously here and the prices are great! You can't get food half as good at that price in NYC. 
I was soaking in the experience and didn't take many photos but they have a live jazz band on Sundays for brunch and the bright room encompassed with windows makes for a nice roomy experience. 
The omelette, oatmeal, and pork belly burger were all amazing and I only wish I were there in the evening because the bar looked spectacular. FYI the eggs are slow cooked to perfection for an hour at 65 degrees for the benedicts. 
The only thing I would require everyone to do is try the pastries. The Kouign Amann usually sells out quickly so we called ahead to ensure we scored them. Also the chocolate chip cookies with sea salt are quite divine.
Walnut Street Cafe is a pretty trendy cafe located at the base of the FMC Tower/Cira Centre South complex with a nice outdoor seating area on, as the name suggests, Walnut St. There is ample street parking, whether it is in front or a street or 2 over towards UC. You can reserve a table as well, which makes things easier. Service was above average, but can definitely improve in terms of attentiveness. They do offer a happy hour (or "Golden Hour") from 5-7 and a brunch (ONLY WEEKENDS); my friends and I came for the dinner just before HH ended, but I definitely will try to come back for brunch some time since pics look amazing. And oh, btw, THE FOOD IS AMAZING!

Food/Drinks
I would have to say the food items here were pretty impressively good. Interestingly, many of the things here on Yelp were not on the menu and not a lot of what they currently have was shown, making you think they rotate their menu. The HH menu was small, with about 3-4 delicious looking drinks and 3 appetizers for the price of $5/each. As for the specifics, the Haloumi fries (a type of Middle Eastern cheese stick) were interesting and unexpected, but the Greek yogurt it comes with compliments it well. A safe choice is definitely the Fried Chicken sandwich. It comes with fries but you can substitute it free of charge from one of the other sides; I chose Brussel sprouts, and tbh, DO THIS! The Brussel sprouts were filling and strongly seasoned and one of the best I've ever had. My friends also had various other items, including the Summer Garden Pot Pie, Lancaster Beer Can Chicken, and Fish Filet sandwich, and they all pretty said their dishes were delicious! The Beer can Chicken definitely looks filling (half a chicken!)

Rating: 9/10
Pros: Gorgeous/trendy appearing restaurant, great food
Cons: Can be super sunny during sunset if not sat in shade
Recommendation: Brussel sprouts, Halloumi fries,
Nommingnomad on IG 

I had been wanting to check this place out forever and I finally made it out there for brunch with a friend this Saturday and it is such a cute space with elegant interiors. We spent a lot of time there because it was so inviting.

After looking at the brunch menu, I zeroed in on the Shakshuka because it sounded really appealing and my friend ended up going for the same and once the dish came out, we were hit with the beautiful aroma of all the spices and I could not wait to dig in. And it did not disappoint because it tasted as good as it smelled and looked. The eggs were perfectly cooked, and the sauce was rich and spicy (on the spicier end of my spectrum), and the sourdough was a perfect vehicle for it. 

I would highly recommend trying one of their cocktails because my friend who is a bar-tender got the Something Blue with Beefeater, Dolin Blanc Vermouth, Cocchi Americano and Lavender Bitters and was all praises for it. So, I think it's safe to say that they know what they're doing. 
Overall, I don't know about the dinner, but I'd highly recommend this place for brunch with some friends for good eats, good service and a great ambience. 

P.S: I'm glad we did not sit outside because we were attacked by a swarm of lantern flies as soon as we decided to sit outside and wait for our ride lol!
Walnut street cafe is great for weekend brunches, we were able to get a table within a few mins of walking in on a Saturday afternoon. I loved the decor of the place, it has a plush look with high ceilings and accent lights all over. There is a bar and seating on two levels.

We started with some tea and a delicious scone followed by the breakfast sandwich and two eggs with toast. The service was good and the food was delicious. The bread was toasted in a lot of butter and felt very soft and rich. The sausages were good too. However if you are looking for a healthy brunch spot this might not be the place as the food In general is rich and decadent.
What a cute little spot near University City. Met up with a friend for a Saturday brunch and our experience at Walnut Street Cafe was wonderful. Looked very busy even on a windy, chilly morning and they even have live music here!

+PARKING: Street parking only, but the streets are wide enough that I didn't fear hitting any cars. Plenty of street parking available within walking distance.

+INTERIOR: So bougie. All glass, mixed metals, and natural wood decor. My friend and I sat inside because outdoor dining looked a little packed for us. Inside was perfect and our server was very attentive. They take safety very seriously here! We sat distanced away from anyone. All sauces were individually packaged. We did non-contact paying through an app.

+FOOD: Their drink and food menu is rather limited. These definitely is no average diner with an extensive menu. Their drink menu is also limited and our server wasn't really able to explain their coffee options to us. Very egg-heavy options for brunch: shakshuka, breakfast sandwiches, steak & eggs, quiches, etc. My friend and I both went for the EGGS BENEDICT and went for the reuben-style which comes with corned beef, sauerkraut, and thousand island. The eggs were perfectly poached and the order actually comes with this crispy, fluffy potatoes on the side. I didn't really taste any thousand island? Our eggs seemed to be topped with a very lemony/citrus-y hollandaise sauce. The acidic sauce and sauerkraut really helps cut through the fattiness of the corned beef and potatoes. Hot sauce and ketchup provided on request.

I also ordered a GRAPEFRUIT MIMOSA. The mimosa was...okay. Grapefruit and champagne isn't exactly life shattering. But for $10, all I got 1/3 glass full of a champagne flute. YIKES. Seemed like a rip-off to me. You're better off making mimosas at home.

+PRICE: On the upper end of what brunch should cost. One drink and two orders of eggs benedict came to up about $40. Not very surprised considering how upscale the atmosphere at Walnut Street Cafe is. The eggs benedict were good. Not sure if it was worth $14. Considering the location, I guess it's competitive. Not entirely happy with the price though, especially for my mimosa.

Overall: Very cute place to grab food with friends. Lot of natural lighting and I can understand the appeal here. More on the pricey-side, especially for students. Would come back here once in a while. Also, seems like a popular study spot. Very ~AeSthEtic~.
This review is for happy hour only.  Place got super packed during the dinner hours, so maybe I'd come back for that, since everything looks and smells delicious.  For ambiance alone, this place is a 5.  Drink specials are a 3.  Service was minimally invasive.  So, a 4.

Seriously cute, trendy spot tucked in half the lobby of the FMC Tower.  Very airy and bright with killer sunset views, gorgeous white decor and rustic/chic fixtures.   And, of course, those floor to ceiling angular windows.  The kind of place that makes me feel how happy hours at the ripe age of 30 are supposed to be, if that's a good thing?  Like out of a movie.  Basically, it's classy AF.  There were no TVs in there (that I could see) for the Villanova game, and that was a good thing when my purpose was to talk at a nice volume while seated.  Bathrooms are post-modern.  Gotta love it.

Happy hour specials were just 'aight tho.  Nothing really stood out to me and I ended up just ordering off the regular drink menu.  I've had better, but maybe it's good to have a few places that aren't all about getting drunk super fast for cheap.  Overall, decent selection I'd say.  I got a delicious dry Kurant cider (first place I've seen offer these!) and my friend got an Irish coffee, which he said was very tasty.

A little disappointed in the size of the bar itself.  Based on the pictures, I originally thought the kitchen/breakfast bar-looking area was the actual bar, but upon arriving, I realized it's just this tiny little thing tucked away on the one end - maybe 6 seats max?  We sat at an adorable little bistro table in the bar area, but I imagine if we came even 5 minutes later than 5:15, we would've been sat in the restaurant area that was already crowding up.

Checks come out with a walnut on top to serve as a paper weight.  Bougie, but make it fashion.  I like their style.  Our server was there when we needed, yet let us chat for a while without intruding.

I'd be back to try some grub and for those nice magic hour views.
Dined here last week with a friend who is a regular. We were warmly greeted and well-taken care of all night. The space is beautiful and offered a great view of the torrential rain storm that was impending. As it was, the weather forced us to linger for hours, which wasn't a bad thing. My friend is very wine-knowledgeable and the sommelier offered her wonderful selections. My old fashioneds were excellent. We started with the mushroom/leek flatbread, oysters (her, not me...still can't get on board with them) and lobster bisque. Each was excellent. For main course, we both got the brown butter ravioli, elevated by a hint of light citrus and mint. We inhaled them!! Too full for dessert, so just got coffee- mine was lukewarm...and really the only miss in an otherwise lovely evening.
I had my birthday brunch at Walnut Street Cafe because I really wanted to take my dog to brunch with me. I made reservations and asked for the patio and it was perfect. I had a latte to start my brunch off and got oysters, shrimp cocktail, and the burger. I enjoyed a pint of New Belgium Citradelic IPA with my burger which was cooked perfectly to medium rare. Multiple servers came to check on me and even asked if my dog needed water. I will definitely be coming back for happy hour on the patio with my dog! Service was friendly and attentive.
Made a reservation for breakfast for three of us. Unnecessary, as only the cafe is open that early, so we had to squeeze into a tiny corner table. Lovely space: feels very modern, elegant  European. Food that we had was very good. However, I ordered a ham and cheese croissant, had to remind server about it, as it didn't arrive with rest of order. Manager sheepishly came over about 5 minutes later to tell me that they had burned it beyond recognition (his words, not mine) and it was the last one. I took a regular croissant in its place, but by the time it came, didn't really want it, so asked for a bag.  It came back in a LARGE box. As I was heading to airport with no space to spare, I just gave it back to them. It was still on the bill, which we paid.

Service, while well meaning and friendly, was haphazard and pretty slow (place was not busy). 

I'll certainly try again (not breakfast though)...hopefully they'll work out the kinks.
Very disappointed in every aspect. Food. Service. Atmosphere. Pricing. 

I went after read positive review. I honestly cannot figure out the review after my experience.
We come here all the time. It's convenient to the train station, the atmosphere is lovely and pastries are wonderful! I've come with my husband and toddler for brunch, by myself for coffee and even taken a few work lunches here with clients. As many other reviewers have pointed out, the services is horrible -- well, not actually the service, but the host. He's just so nasty. Now when I invite people to dine with me I have to caveat it by saying, "please ignore the horribly unfriendly host. He's like that with everyone." But I wish I didn't have to write that. WSC, can you please talk to this guy?
I'm pretty conflicted about this place. On the one hand, happy hour is great (eggnog!!1!11) and affordable. And 3 hours long. Look I love their happy hour. The ambiance overall is great, beautiful windows, great views. I've heard good things about their pastries but they're always sold out when I arrive. 

What really bums me out is the one full meal I had here. It was lunch and it took 40 minutes for food to come out. It wasn't busy, no one was being stretched thin. And yet it still managed to take that long to make pasta and a steak. The waitress was kind and affable, but she did forget to put something in. Steak was served rare when she asked for medium. Food was okay for the most part, though the lemon ricotta bread definitely was too tough. 

So it's hard for me to really say for sure what I would give this place. I guess it really depends on what you're coming for. Happy hour? YEAH. Anything else, maybe think twice.
Rude overpriced tiny portions cafeteria atmosphere they informed us there's a time limit on eating there and we might be told you have to leave before you finish eating this was strange being that the place was empty and we had a reservation, we should of left right then but stayed for an expensive dinner where I left hungry
If I could give a negative amount of stars I would. We went for lunch, the waiter was rude , food tasted like it came out of a cafeteria and the ambience was non existent. STAY AWAY AND SAVE YOUR MONEY. A TV dinner would have been more elegant.
This was one of the few places open for outdoor dining during this pandemic. I found the spacing was adequate and I felt safe. Not every customer had on a mask while they weren't eating, but we were far enough from one another where I wasn't concerned.

The chicken sandwich was remarkably good. Not every restaurant that boasts one has the right seasoning and flavors, etc. I will give them their kudos for getting it right.

The pork ribs were fall-off-the-bone and delicious. That and the tres leches were highlights of the evening. We got to watch a beautiful sunset on the patio in the cool of the summer evening.
I was underwhelmed with my first visit to Walnut Street Café. I stopped in for a rather impromptu, quick happy hour while waiting for the doors at World Café Live to open for the show I was seeing. The happy hour menu offered about 4-5 $5 lite bites, 2 $5 cocktails, a $5 wine, and a $2 Miller Lite Pony. Unimpressed, I veered away from the specials and opted for draft. They've got about 6-7 decent beers on tap, and about 12 different varieties of cans and bottles. Most of the beers come from local breweries which is pretty awesome. 

After I downed my Sly Fox draft,  I really wanted one of the Miller Pony's. Unfortunately they didn't have any. I was pretty bummed that they didn't at least offer an alternative or give me a heads up when I sat down, especially since I arrived early in the Happy Hour. 

The bar is small, but the stools are super comfy! I feel like they're attempting to achieve a classy vibe, and I'd say they're about half there. Many of the waitstaff appeared miserable. It was rather noisy, too. It's bright and big, but the bar, specifically, felt cramped. My seat on the end was right next to a bussing station, so I had my date on the left, and on the right, two college aged staff members complaining about life and wrapping silverware. Our bartender was a nice, quiet girl - rather attentive, and obviously very focused on her job. 

I didn't order any food, and I didn't get a chance to see a menu, so I can't speak to the prices or options. I might be keen to give this place a second chance if someone else suggested it, but I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to go here myself. The thing Walnut St Café has going for it is the location; the pickings are pretty slim for places within reasonable walking distance of 30th street station.
There are a few things that kill a great experience with great atmosphere,  service, and food. Our dinner was fantastic. The pasta carbonara and ravioli were delicious. 

The problem? My 10 year old finished his 5 ravs in 1 minute and was still hungry. It was barely a small app let alone a kids meal for $14.

The pasta was tasty but tiny. And 6 of us with a total of 8 tapas bar sized items and no drinks almost broke $150. (Is that $$$ or $$?)

If that was all...3 stars, but we waited for about 40 minutes for our "entrees" to arrive after we ordered them.

I asked the boy and he agreed... 2 stars
I've been here twice. Once for happy hour and another for dinner

The happy hour was really nice, and it lasts for like three hours so you don't have to rush. The snacks and drink options were plentiful and you should probably get the beer cheese pretzels. 

The dinner wasn't as good as I'd hoped. The entree portions were kind of tiny, and they didn't even offer you bread to start. Bread is like the hack if you end up offering small servings... because you'll trick us into thinking we ate a lot of entree but really we just ate a lot of bread. But this just left me feeling a bit empty inside. I also made the reservation with a note about a birthday, but they wrote happy birthday on the dessert we ordered after the meal.. lol.. so if we had not ordered the dessert this gesture would not have been expressed? Just seems a little fake. 

Skip dinner. Come here for happy hour.
All the pastries I've tried so far have been amazing, especially the pistachio cherry croissant.

Their coffee (rival bros) is also really good and smooth. The baristas definitely know what they're doing.

In terms of entrees, I've tried the salmon egg benedict and the kachapuri so far. I recommend the salmon egg benedict -- it's not made with your typical English muffin and instead it comes with this really soft bread and it's really good. I found the Kachapuri a bit salty.

Everyone on staff is super friendly and helpful. It does get busy so make a reservation if you can!
My review, which includes a couple of small bites ordered from the bar doesn't reflect dining in the main restaurant...but the bar here is lovely.  Beautiful, big picture windows and bright and inviting. We could have chosen to sit outside in the beautiful outside area, but opted for the cozy inside bar area. The service was great and the drinks were delicious as well as the few things we ordered to munch on. Order the fries with the side of spicy cheese. (Admittedly, I'm a french fry addict and these didn't disappoint) . We were there on a Sunday and the drink special was Scapetta Prosecco (which came to the table in a little delicate can) and a generous pour of the Aperol in which one does the mixing oneself. I loved it and the drink was refreshing. We also had a couple of well-balanced Manhattans. It was a great experience. I'll be back.
I'd like to start off this review with the cafe is beautiful - Especially for a surprise birthday brunch. The service is the reason for the low rating. The staff are very kind. We had a table of 7 and first we ordered 2 mimosas kits which come with 3-4 juices of your choice to mix the champagne with. We received 8 test tubes of juice. One test tube wasn't enough to mix our champagne. Overtime we were blessed with one large orange juice. Once we ordered food, some were given sauce and some weren't. We all were tipsy and hungry. We needed condiments and we had to ask for them. We all had sides with potatoes served as fries or home fries. 
I finally spotted our server to request the check and leave. Once again, beautiful cafe, I hope to come again and update my experience!
Made reservations for 6 ppl for Sun brunch.  Very elegant place and there was even live jazz music which started around 11am.  French toast, my breakfast biscuit sandwich, black scrapple, etc. were all great.  I liked the assortment on the menu, which incl oyster bar, cold-pressed juices, pastries & regular hot breakfast items.  I would have to say the pastries were small compared to what I expected but the chocolate hazelnut Kouign Amann was a hit with my boys.  The hot coffee from Rival Bros. was really VERY good.  I really enjoyed sitting there with a good cup of coffee, conversation & the live music.  We kept remarking on the wonderful interior design of the space.  I really felt like stepping into a 5 star hotel bar/restaurant but the brunch prices were not ridiculously expensive.  Very cute date place too.
Today I stumbled upon this gem of restaurant. I ordered the pork belly sandwich which was phaonominal. The service was nice and very attentive granted that had 20+ people on staff. Great place to eat.
I was looking for a place  get birthday breakfast pastries on my commute west. I found this gem. they have it all; the ambiance, the decor and the packaging/branding. I walked out of there with these 3: zucchini olive oil bread, cheddar biscuit, and the raspberry smelt scone. I really can't tell you my fav' as they were all spot on. go. enjoy. i'll have to go back for dinner.
Walnut Street Cafe is one of those places that left me with a food contact high. The location itself is gorgeous, with a ton of natural light. I was stuck in an awkward corner booth that was a bit annoying, but not enough to ruin the day. I was there for lunch and had the Scarlet Glow Tea (lovely and refreshing for summer, especially with the squeeze of lemon), the fried porgy, and the smoked brook trout. 

The porgy was perfectly fried. However, I incorrectly assumed it would come with some small handful of spring mix or potatoes, the entire plate is just two small pieces of fish, a lemon wedge, and tartar sauce.  Since I was still hungry, I ordered the smoked brook trout to round things out. This was intended as a starter but was about as filling as my porgy entree. 

The trout was delicious, but I think the sauerkraut was missing that pungent, acidic flavor I was accustomed to. There was a lot of oil in the dish and without the acid to balance it, the trout came off as a bit greasy. Additionally, I think they should play with serving the dish cold - the smoked flavor of the fish is not at all aggressive, and the warm temperature of the dish dulled some of the flavors. 

I took a piece of the chocolate babka from the cafe back home as a dessert - that part was perfect.

All told I spent about $40 including tax and tip; I'd say be prepared to spend at least that much on lunch unless you are getting something like the burger, which I assume would be more filling. Overall a solid experience though and I would definitely go back, although maybe only on special occasions.
The latest darling of Philly food is Walnut Street Cafe and I am fully on board. Situated, basically on the Walnut Street bridge, this cafe opened in June and serves breakfast, brunch, lunch, happy hour and dinner. I was there for brunch, and not being the b
 
The space is absolutely gorgeous. From the couches to the maticulous bar area, I really loved every piece of furniture in there. 
 
Most exciting to me, though,  are the baked goods. Baker Melissa Weller is doing things that make me real happy. The biggest happy maker is that she makes khachapuri, a Georgian, calzone-like treat previously only found in Philadelphia at a very odd and far away Georgian restaurant called My Uncle's Backyard. The dough with handlebars is stuffed with cheese and a fried egg. They are best shared. Walnut Street's are stuffed with feta and cheddar and french ham, instead of the typical Sulguni Georgian cheese. It is $12 on the brunch menu. 
 
 
For more dough, meat, and cheese, the breakfast sandwich ($8) stuffs a delicious biscuit with sausage, egg, and cheese. I runnier egg or creamy sauce would have been the only improvement here. For a more adventurous option, black scrapple is totally fancied up here with romesco, black rice, a fried egg and a scattering of hazelnuts. Scrapple and hazelnuts is a fun, unexpected pairing.  
 
 

The cafe was awesome enough to bring out a chocolate mouse dessert to celebrate my mom's birthday that was so delicious it was demolished even though we were totally full at this point. 
 
The menus at other types of the day are so different; I have a million reasons to come back her. But I have my eye on the chocolate hazelnut kouign amann which was devastatingly sold out when we were there. I can't think of a better pastry. 
 
As a fun side trip, go next door to the Cira Green roof for a view of the city.
I had brunch at walnut street cafe over the weekend. It was a cool spot to check out but I'm feeling mixed about whether or not I'd come back here.. 

The restaurant is very stylish. Modern interior which a preppy vibe. They had a jazz band playing for brunch (awesome) but we chose to sit outside because it was such a beautiful day so we didn't listen to them for too long. The outdoor seating was also nice as an option and they have regular tables and chairs as well as a booth style bench with one chair. 

I ordered the pork belly sandwich and was a bit disappointed because there was barely any pork on it and very heavy on coleslaw. However, the side of fries were cooked perfectly which helped balance out the meal a bit. I wasn't completely satisfied at the end of my meal unfortunately. 

My friend ordered two eggs with toast and potatoes. The potatoes were seasoned perfectly he said. He really enjoyed his meal and it was clear we had different food thoughts here. 

Lastly, we ordered ice coffee and unfortunately it was a bit sour tasting.. not sure if it was the coffee or milk or what exactly but a bit unpleasant. 

I think I would come back here if others asked me to join them or wanted to go here but it wouldn't be my first choice for brunch. However, I would be interested in trying the pastries so maybe next time I do brunch here I would try an array of those since the owner is a well known pastry chef.
One of the prettiest restaurants in Philadelphia. 

The lobster roll is delicious and the burger was really tasty. Farro salad was decent. 

Service was friendly but slow. A nice spot to come kill some time, enjoy your coffee, take in the atmosphere.
Not what we were expecting based on prior reviews. The wait staff informed us that the menu was not correct and that he'd ask the bar manager how to make our drinks.  The requested wine wasn't available and the IPA came out as a Pilsner. They were very, very kind but didn't have their act together.  We booked another local restaurant for dinner as we left.
It's beautiful inside and the outside seating is cool. 

We came at 245 and they no longer had their lunch menu. They were offering their "all day menu" which consists of a hamburger or a chopped salad with chicken. We ordered the salad with chicken and $6 fries. The fries were tiny. The salad was a large portion but lackluster. I felt healthy eating it bc it's just a bunch of chopped veggie but very little flavor. You'd think that for only having 2 things on the menu at the time it'd have a little more failure. My lemonade was good but very sweet.
Let me preface by saying, I've been to Walnut St Cafe many times before the pandemic and always had a fantastic time with great food and stellar service. 

I went back recently for the first time since the pandemic for outdoor dining and sadly the experience was less than subpar. First off, despite having called the restaurant directly for a reservation and having proof of the reservation via text, the manager told me he could not find my reservation. Umm, what? Fortunately, my group was there exactly at 10am when they opened for our 10am reservation so they were able to accommodate us without trouble. Getting settled and ordering went smoothly. However, the smooth dining experience stopped there. It took over 10 minutes to get our coffee and another 10 minutes to get some orange juice. After about 45 minutes of waiting for our appetizer, the corn chowder soup (which was delicious by the way!), we asked the waitress and she told us it takes time to "heat the soup properly". It finally came out 10 minutes later. About 20 minutes after the soup came out, which was about an hour into having placed our food order, we asked if the rest of the order would be coming out. She said it should be coming out shortly. Then the manager came by to explain that there had been some mix ups in the kitchen and the food should be coming out soon. Looking around, almost every other table was also waiting for their food. Another 10 minutes later, almost an hour and a half after we sat down, the food finally arrived. But 2 out of the 4 orders were incorrect. Perhaps the kitchen was having an off day. But it was also clear that the waiters lacked training because most of them looked like they didn't know what was going on. I understand it's been tough for the restaurant industry through this pandemic but there's some restaurants that are doing it better than others. It's clear, WSC needs some time to get back to their pre-covid standards...

Another thing: the table next to us was placed less than 2 feet away from our table which is standard pre-pandemic distance but way too close for comfort to be eating so close to strangers in covid times.
While the food is definitely not this cafe's strong suit, the vibe is just right & the Irish coffee really made up for everything! I though the shakshuka was alright, probably not worth the price, & I could've made it at home. The standard egg breakfast with toast, potatoes, & spring mix, was... standard. I really liked the restaurant service & the shady outdoor seating was great. The Irish coffee had a great mix of coffee & alcohol--the perfect way to start my day!
Man, I want to like Walnut Street Cafe, but it really needs better management- maybe a new owner. It's gorgeous, the best looking restaurant in West for sure. But the food is hit or miss and the service is just always a miss. And this isn't just recent, but over half a dozen visits in the past few years. They used to have these amazing croissants, the menu had been more interesting. But now you're down to a half dozen boring options, a barely acceptable steak, a fried chicken sandwich (burnt beyond recognition), cocktails that are watery and lack any depth, just all disappointing.
But worse than that- the host is surly, the waitstaff always confused, you can tell this is not a team with experience or proper direction.
Don't come after 8pm or they'll angrily try to rush you out the door!
It's time for change for this place that really does have promise.
Extremely poor service. They are completely disorganized. Avoid this restaurant. They took nearly 45 minutes to bring coffee. They lost the order for one person in our party. They mixed up orders and forgot to bring several ordered items. There were too many people trying to serve the table and obviously communication among the various people was poor. The food was fine but the service was unacceptable
I pass this new construction on my way to work every morning so I was super excited to hear it was finally open! Came for happy hour with a friend one evening and we were seated right away at a small table by the bar. It took long enough for someone to come by and take our order that we ended up missing the time slot. The waiter was nice enough to honor the HH prices though, considering we arrived before! Haven't tried the food here but the ambience is really nice and I love the decor! Will definitely be back for dinner and an updated review :)
This review is for happy hour. I really wish I could gave the Walnut Street Cafe a higher rating but my experience with two friends last night just wasn't great. They're clearly still working out how to run the bar area. 

The deals are great and the drinks and bartenders are high quality but the service is lacking. It took 20 minutes from when I first ordered my drink (after going to get my own menu after waiting for a few minutes) to getting it.

When my friends arrived, we moved to the corner table at the suggestion of a manager. We were squished in between two three parties and no one came to take my friends' orders for 10 minutes. Then instead of coming out all at once, my friend's margarita came out 5 minutes before my Aperol spritz despite me ordering my drink 10 minutes before hers!

Now the staff were generally nice and the food and drinks were great...once we got them. I hope that they figure out how to run the bar area more efficiently.
I'm not totally sure about my three star review. I definitely will go back for dinner one day, but for now... probably will pass on lunch and stick with a solid three stars. 

My family and I came here for lunch last Wednesday. I was told reservations were strongly recommended, but when we arrived it was just us and two other couples there. The lunch menu offers a lot which was nice! 

All three of us ordered the lobster bisque to start. Here is where they completely lost me.. $12 for soup. Okay, must have some pretty tasty pieces of lobster in there, right? No. One piece of lobster per soup and the rest bisque. How in the world can you charge that much for soup for one rinky dink piece of seafood? Crazy. My parents orders the hamburger w/ bacon. Both weren't a fan. I did however enjoy my veggie sandwich a lot! The bourbon smash was fabulous too. Blended great. 

I've heard great things about Walnut Street Cafe so I'm not out the door just yet, but definitely don't recommend the lobster bisque.
COVID update: They no longer have pastries in the cafe, and the cappuccinos I've had the last two times have been artlessly made with gloppy, improperly blended microfoam. The beans themselves still seem fine, but I wouldn't recommend their cappuccinos anymore, and I am sorely missing Joe Coffee. 

I had a breakfast sandwich last time I went, and though I was skeptical when it came out because it had a large square of scrambled egg slab, it was surprisingly tasty, with flavorful cheddar cheese and sausage on a delicious English muffin and accompanied by home fries and salad, also good. The waitress was unable to tell me anything about the sausage when I asked before ordering, but I enjoyed it. I do think the sandwich could have used the acid of a tomato confit or some such adornment, since right now the culinary level does not quite reach what they appear to be going for.

Atmosphere is still nice: very pretty, with big windows and shiny and clean. I certainly wouldn't come to the area just to eat here, but it does fill a niche in the semi-food-desert of this immediate area near 30th Street Station.
Decent brunch experience. Huge and very aesthetically pleasing. Seriously unassuming location in the FMC building! Plenty of outdoor seating, too. Inside is very chic and reminiscent of a hotel.

The staff was super nice, and acquiesced to my request to add bananas to my French toast. It was good but a little dry. My friends got the breakfast sandwich and sides of breakfast potatoes. Breakfast sandwich is egg cheese, and you have to pay extra to add bacon or avocado. The breakfast potatoes were seriously delicious - crispy on the outside just like i like them. Overall, though, the portions were seriously tiny for what you pay, which is why I'm giving 3 stars.
I went to the walnut street cafe for happy hour and IT DID NOT DISAPPOINT. The happy hour menu was great. I had the ricotta toast, fried zucchini, rose sangria, daydreamer and original daiquiri drinks. Off the happy hour menu, I also had a beer battered first sandwich. The staff was great, definitely see Frances if you are there !
I came here for breakfast with some friends and have stopped in for coffee at their bar, since it's very close to where I work. The interior is absolutely stunning. So light, airy, and beautiful during the day. Very Instagram-worthy and they have a ton of space, including a little second floor loft. The service is great and the food is decent, but very overpriced for the amount that you get. You're really just paying for the ambiance.
We came here for the 4-7 happy hour && this place was OK. It wasn't bad but it wasn't spectacular either. I had the double cheeseburger and asked for it medium well and got it medium rare :(. It was still good nonetheless.

My fiancé had the chef's burger and enjoyed It thoroughly. The bacon jam stole the show, it added an extra bit of flavor to an already delicious burger.

We then order the truffle chips which were also ok. The horseradish creek fraiche sauce was good and thankfully didn't have that horseradish/wasabi kick to it that burns your mouth lol.

We both enjoyed the meatballs. They are beef by the way. 

We both agree that the fries were missing something, it might need an extra kick of truffle flavoring. These were kind of basic too. Ultimately, I'd come back the happy hour is great here and the food is alright.
CUTE PLACE NEAR CIRA GREEN! 

Came here on a Sunday morning for brunch while waiting for our train! The restaurant is quite nice! Love the interior design- matches the woody tones of a walnut but with highlights of modernism. The service was friendly and fast! Provided both indoor and outdoor seating. Would highly recommended sitting outside on a nice day!

We orders the mimosa kit for the table which does serve a table of four. It is pretty fun because we got to choose two different juice flavors and definitely got more for our buck. They food is good!! Came out really quick and all together. I thought the portion size was perfect for me, the eggs Benedict with corned-beef was actually quite good! Came with a size of house potatoes and salad! Although I wished the salad had a light dressing. Also ordered an iced latte, a bit disappointing since it was quite acidic for my liking- but their cold brew was nice! 

Overall this place is a good brunch place with an excellent brunch and dinning atmosphere! Perhaps they have a nice lunch and dinner menu as well! But with most items less than $20 dollars on their brunch menu, this place is quite good and Instagramable!
Walnut Street Cafe, you have officially won my heart and my stomach.

We arrived here las Saturday around 11:45am. We were told there was a 30 minute wait so we put our name down and walked around. After 30 minutes, we received a text and were seated promptly.

The Ambiance
Absolutely stunning and oh, so tasteful. One of the best decorated restaurants I've ever seen. The aesthetic is clean and modern without being over the top. Totally beautiful.

The Food
My boyfriend and I came for brunch and absolutely loved our meals. I ordered the Salmon Eggs Benedict ($17) and my bf got the Khachapuri ($16). For the portion sizes and quality of food, the prices here are totally fair. I also loved that they had breakfast items ranging from $3-$20. You can really spend as little or much as you want here. 

The Service
Service was friendly, but definitely slow. However, we were in no rush so didn't mind so much.

All in all, I'm officially OBSESSED with this place. I can't wait to go back and try the entire menu!

PRO TIP: They do jazz brunch on Sundays... just sayin'
My husband and I stopped by Walnut Street Cafe once for breaktast, but they weren't open yet (too early on a Sunday.) A few months later, we came by for drinks on a Friday, grabbed a seat near the bar - looking out onto busy Walnut Street.

Most recently, we came for a proper dinner - on a nearly empty, quiet Saturday night. We sat at the counter, watching the talented folks in the "kitchen" (open cook space) prepare dish after dish.

It was one of the better meals we've had in recent memory. In a way that caught us both off guard. 

We started with the Mushroom + Leek Flatbread, which was rich and creamy - loaded with both mushrooms and leeks. It was a great starter and felt familiar, but elevated.

We shared the Farro & Baby Kale Salad, which delighted us from the first bite to the last. Buried in the salad were these crunchy, nutty pieces of toasted farro which made the whole salad come to life. 

For my "main", I opted for a small portion of their Reginette Alla Arrabiata, which.... WOW. Inky black ruffled pasta, loaded with warm spice and heat - topped with beautifully cooked rock shrimp. The dish was slightly creamy and incredibly satisfying.

My husband ordered the Butternut Tortellini, which had an amazing brown butter sage sauce, and he practically licked the plate. We also split some Salt Roasted Beets, which were a great addition, too.

Service was top notch - attentive, friendly, and not overbearing.
Food tasted ok but as I was facing the open kitchen, I saw the cook (the one with a beard) use his gloved hands to pick up his phone 2-3 times to text, then went directly back to preparing food!! Gross - phones are very dirty and germy. I also saw the same guy pick something off a plate that was ready to be served and he flicked it on the ground. 

A manager should be watching his employees and informing them of proper sanitary behavior, whether customers can see them or not. I would never eat there again!!!
Stopped here with my wife after a movie.  No reservation and not a table available for a hour. But there was 2 seats at the chefs counter. Sat down and had a great meal of Romaine Salads, with Scalops for me and Butternut soup for my wife. Food was just outstanding. I would have given the fifth star but the service needs to work out inconsistencies. I ordered a Perfect Martini which came as a dry martini. And drinks were long in coming but service bought the cocktails.
So this is the thing.  I come here often for morning coffee.  That sometimes goes ok.  But over and over and over again (i keep coming b/c it's the only place by my job) they have 6-8 people behind the bar and NO ONE takes your order.  They are all tending to little side jobs, or simply have ZERO fire under them to take orders and keep it moving.  Michael is the exception, always on top of it.  PLEASE HIRE SOME BETTER STAFF.  I am a former restaurant owner, so i hesitate to give bad feedback to a new restaurant.  However, it's been open long enough to work out these kinks.  I won't visit anymore unless I'm in a major crunch, b/c today I stood there like an idiot for ten minutes, then finally left.  They have so many staffers greeting you warmly when you enter at the door and from there it goes downhill.
Menu is terrible. Service is worse (arguably the worst service you'll experience at any restaurant). Terrible layout, with the bar being on a tight corner with no space, while the main seating area is usually barren. Please, please, please, rip this place down and put a half decent establishment here. Almost every business in the FMC Tower hates this place and walks across the bridge for happy hour and dinner.
Disappointing. Waiter was uninterested & inattentive.
Woman manager did her best to fill in waiter gaps.
Food -very mediocre.
Not returning.
very unprofessional services and bad at internal communication. Disorganized and just overall not a good place to eat.
We came for happy hour and we're seated in the happy hour/bar section.  This space is really nice, hip, and upscale.  The happy hour is 4-7PM and very limited with 3 food options and $2 east coast oysters.  We opted for 2 orders of the $6 tempura battered fish.  The portions were quite small but definitely sufficient.  I also ordered their take on the "city wide special"; a shot of rye and a bottle of Yards Pale Ale for $5.  They served the beer with a 10oz glass so assuming it was sufficient size to hold the bottle I clumsily overflowed it so be careful! 

After the fish we were still hungry so my wife and I split a large order of pumpkin ravioli for $17.  WOW.  This dish was spot on and delicious.  Homemade, hand stuffed ravioli filled with creamy pumpkin and served in a delicious brown butter sauce topped with fresh chopped herbs and pumpkin seeds.  

This is a place we will definitely return to for dinner.
Good place for happy hour drinks if you're nearby. It occupies this nice niche where you can find an upscale happy hour w/ nice ambiance and professional/friendly service just a few blocks from campus. I've been here almost exclusively for happy hours since the food here is pricey w/ small portions. The few occasions I have ordered have been happy hour bites (not bad) and a few "entrees"/apps here and there. However, the dessert section has always stood out to me. Their takes on the ice cream sandwich and apple pie (w/ ice cream) were delicious, upscale takes on classic desserts and worth the price.
After getting engaged we decided to "swing by" for a glass of bubbly and a snack but that quickly changed when we read the menu and were swept into the warm arms of the Walnut Street team.

From the sweet smiling face on the hostess to the bartender Sam, and our charming server Gabriel everyone went above and beyond to make us feel like royalty. We sat in the far end of the dining room overlooking the entire restaurant and kitchen, the space is sleek and sexy but very cozy and comfortable. 

The food was wonderful, the highlights being the perfectly seasoned scallops with carrot and ginger as well as the perfectly tender skirt steak with salsa verde and tortellini with impossible thin pasta and bright lemon. There is some serious talent in that kitchen and I feel we only skimmed the surface! 

I finally I would be remiss not to mention the incredible hospitality shown by Sommelier Eddie and GM/wine director Branden, thank you thank you thank you, we will never forget that night!
We went to the Walnut Street Café with some friends of ours for Sunday brunch. I had been previously to try their daily-rotating City Wide special, and found that experience pleasant, but this review focuses just on our Sunday brunch experience.

I begin with the only real negative of the day, which was the less-than-stellar table service we got. Several pastries that we had ordered simply never arrived, and some hot tea that my wife and one of our friends ordered arrived at the table lukewarm. That said, I think the restaurant was understaffed relative to the crowd that day--there were perhaps only three servers working to serve 30-40 patrons.

Aside from that, everything else met expectations. I ordered the steak and potatoes, which came exactly as I had ordered it--rare. The steak was clearly a high-quality piece of beef, and had excellent flavor and marbling. My wife and our friends raved about the toast they had with their eggs and potatoes. And, partly because of the bad service we received, the manager comped us several dishes we hadn't ordered, including a tasty pasta carbonara, a ham-cum-pastry-and-egg dish whose French name I cannot recall, and two brunch desserts (!)--a delicious custard dish with berries, and an apple pastry of some sort.

I expect to return here in the future for brunch. The ambience is top-notch, and while the place is a tad pricey, the food seems high quality. I hope that the service improves, however.
Brunch- good service, modern atmosphere, terrible food.   To be fair, the sides of mushrooms were good.  Eggs, fried potatoes, coffee, toast were all like a bad diner.  How could you mess up eggs.   And for $9 two improperly cooked eggs? Plus, the home fries were deep fried and the toast was limp with too much butter/margarine.
Food was ok..Service can be better, asked for Mimosa's was told they were out of the breakfast staple Orange Juice..There was no line at the door! Not a very good first impression.
Clean and spacious place with plentiful natural lighting. The thing that was most noticeable from the beginning to the end of my lunch there is the service. The servers are very nice and attentive but not in any overbearing way and made for a very pleasant dining experience. 
I ordered the ravioli and my friend got the iceberg salad. The ravioli was good (didn't stand out in any way, though it may have been a little dry) but the portion may not be filling for people with larger appetites than mine. The salad seemed to be a little heavy with blue cheese so beware. But again, the ambience and especially the service makes up for it. If the food gets 3 stars from me, everything else gets 5 - hence the four-star review.
Not sure if this is somewhere I'd come again because I'll be craving the food necessarily, but I definitely would consider it for a slightly fancy brunch or lunch if the occasion arises.
Exactly what the area needed!  Excellent atmosphere, delicious food, and an extensive wine list.  I went for lunch.  The place was full but they still sat us quickly.  The servers were attentive yet accomodating of a more leisurely pace for the meal.  Some of my favorites were the cold Zucchini soup with tempura blossoms and the grilled carrots drizzled in honey.  We also tried the clam flatbread, which has a cream that highlights the flavor, and the burger, which was cooked perfectly and tasty though less unique.  I can't wait to try the dinner menu!
Note: This review and the rating is for the pastries only. 

Knowing I love pastries, a friend of mine recommended that I grab a few pastries for morning coffee on our way up to Cira Greene Rooftop park. I am glad that recommendation was made because all of the pastries especially the cinnamon rolls are delicious with amazing texture and filling that makes you want to have another. Having had a cinnamon roll from here, I run away from other cinnamon rolls. By the end of the morning, the pastries tend to sell out if that gives you an idea. I might take a chance at brunch sometime soon and will update my review but for now I think I will stick with the pastries!
I finally got the chance to check out Walnut Street Cafe! Definitely worth the trip.

We went for brunch, and fortunately there wasn't a wait since we didn't have a reservation. It wasn't too crowded but we also got there right when they opened at 10.

The brunch options were great. I was so excited to have choices that weren't just the usual eggs benny or stuffed French toast! I had the "black scrapple" option (yeah Philly!) and it was basically scrapple, rice, and a fried egg - kind of a Philly style Tex Mex? My friend had the khachapuri (right?) - it was basically a toad in the hole breakfast pizza. And Fiancé's brunch came in a mini cast iron skillet. Adorable. 

They serve Rival Brothers coffee, and were so great about topping off our cups. I left with a nice coffee buzz!

The only thing I wasn't pleased with was my Bloody Mary - it was just meh. But Fiancé got one of the drinks off the cocktail menu and thought it was fab. So don't go looking for the boring brunch options expecting something great, go to try out something new!
Gorgeous new restaurant tucked under the glass tower of the FMC building at 30th and Walnut. So thankful this was NOT a restaurant with all show and no substance. We did not need a reservation for a party of 2 at noon on a Friday, but I wouldn't be surprised if as we get into Fall and this little gem gets discovered if that is no longer the case.

My delicious meal began with a house-made grapefruit and white peony soda. Seriously the most amazing non-alcoholic beverage I have ever had. The seasonal foccia was delicious, no oil even needed. My entree was the chicken, served with the skin which I do not care for, but it was easily picked off. I understand it's in place for moisture and otherwise the chicken was perfectly done. Mushrooms we're very good and flavorful, not bland at all. Side of carrots was tasty, a bit too charred for my taste but that's minor. My colleague had the ravioli, which she declared to be wonderful little pockets of cheese and the mint to be a plus.
We ended sharing the peach hibiscus sorbet which delightfully full bodied and thankfully dairy free. My only concern would be to add more dairy-free options to the dessert menu.
Our server Brandon W was great and could answer all of questions. 
Do note that if you are looking to chow down for $10 this is NOT the place. Portions are small (probably appropriate sizes, we are just used to tons of food) and it's pricey. But worth every penny. Hope they continue to do well.
Good day.

I was part of a larger party eating at Walnut St Café last night.  

From the time of arrival to the point of departure, the service was poorly executed and not at all fitting with the general high pricing of the menu nor with what I have come to understand the "Philadelphia food scene" to represent. 

I would be happy to discuss specific details with management based on response to this review. 

Thank you for your time.
I'm updating my previous review, from 4 to 5 stars. Our last few meals here, which includes brunch last Sunday and dinner this evening, have all been outstanding. Tonight, between two of us, we shared a crab cake, ceasar salad, for starter. For our entrees we had the hanger steak with roasted cauliflower and chicken remoulade. Every dish was delicious but the crab cake was the best I've ever had. For dessert we shared the pear hand pie and we both enjoyed a rich, flavorful americano. We are looking forward to leftovers for lunch tomorrow! The service was friendly, appropriately attentive and the atmosphere was relaxing. Highly recommend this place!
Beautiful space and a great non-CC option.  Had Sunday brunch and had a great meal myself but my co-diners were not as pleased.  I had the steak and egg - a simple yet perfectly executed version of this classic.  We did run into some service and delivery mishaps though.  Had to ask 3 times for a lemon wedge.  The server did bring it eventually but did not offer any apology for having forgotten the first two times.  A co-diner had eggs ordered a specific way that came out over cooked and had to be re-done (this took a really long time).  If they can work out a few bugs in the service then this will be a real winner.
After a great afternoon, watching the sunset over the Schuykill River with two great friends, I joyously stumbled into the Walnut Street Cafe.  When we walked up to the host stand, the manager busted in and treated us as if we did not belong in the restaurant.  Refusing  to allow us to sit where we wanted, he questioned our motives as customers.  Throughout the entirety of our overpriced dinner, there always seemed to be a set of eyes staring at our table.  As servers and other front of the house employees lurked past our, hovering around us, we felt incredibly uncomfortable, targeted, and disrespected.  We felt as though we did not have any time to ourselves to talk and enjoy the evening together.  The clams were prepared inadequately, coming from a former fisherman himself.  Overall, the experience was disappointing and put a damper on my mood.  We were seated with no menus, and the service was inadequate.  With a history as a server, I couldn't bear to witness the rude attitudes presented by unprofessional servers.  Leaving the restaurant, to add insult to injury, we were slammed with a snide remark by the manager himself.  I would never consider returning to the Walnut Street Cafe and would refuse to recommend it to anyone.
Staff was not friendly - no one. I'm Canadian and I'm pretty easy going. They were rude. Service was slow and would not go back as a result. We got a few drinks and a few apps and it took 2 hours so we could get the heck out to go have a nice meal somewhere else.
Great pastries and solid breakfast options. Lunch was really great here too. Amazing creative salad. Just a nice atmosphere with good food, in a challenging location. Wish it was open earlier on the weekend.
Very disappointed for lunch after my coworker told me he previously had a great lunch there.
Waiters were poor and food took too long to serve.  When I did get my hamburger is was lacking and fries were cold.  It had been sitting.  Hamburger was not great anyway as we all felt that had it.  For $15 a good restaurant should be able to serve a good hamburger.

Was just very "ehhh...", none of us like our lunches and took way too long.
Probably will avoid this place in the future.  For the expensive price tag, really not worth it.
Nice food but horrible hostess. We checked open table before arriving and seeing that all time slots were available we assumed no reservation would be required. However, once we arrived the hostess very rudely informed us we needed a reservation and could only seat a group of four at the bar or by putting two tiny cafe tables together. We wanted to have a relaxed sit down lunch as a family so we asked if we could just wait for a table but she said it was not even possible to wait! I then went on open table and was able to make a reservation for 15 minutes later. After telling her this, she continued to insist it was not possible to seat us at a table even though I now had a confirmed reservation! She could not provide us with an explanation of why the system allowed us to make a reservation and she still couldn't seat us. If we had done the same thing before walking in what would she have said?? It was totally baffling. After some time and continuing to insist there was nothing she could do, she finally allowed us to sit upstairs above the cafe where there were four empty tables. After this horrible experience with the hostess, we had fine service by the rest of the team.
Not one bit impressed ! First time in my life my husband and I went home and heated up
leftovers . So tired of places getting a good name when they don't deserve it .
Bad service. Bad food. Bad overall. Amateur waiters. Long food wait times. Spend your money elsewhere. If i could give this place a negative 5 stars I would.
The place seem nice, but the floors were dirty (the waiter said they sweep after every shift but it doesn't seem so) it need a good sweep and mop down. Fruit flies was hovering over our table and the dishes they serve our food wasn't properly clean but the staff was nice. They offer a different table once we point out the nats ( they were overbearing)
Enjoyed an outstanding Saturday brunch here.  The decor and atmosphere are pretty and calm and perfect.  My cappucino was great.  The shakshuka was flavorful with nice spice.  The service was friendly and outstanding.
This was a lively brunch, the drinks were strrong the food was decent..... the service was a little slow and the prices a bit high but we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and will be back-
Highly recommend this restaurant because of the amazing attentive service and creative new American cuisine.
The interior space is gorgeous and provides amazing sunset views of the city.
Also it's not noisy and easy to have conversation unlike many other restaurants in the city
I felt very welcome and taken care of from the moment I walked into this place.
I have not experienced this at any other restaurant in the city
Definitely going back to try lunch and also their Sunday brunch.
