After a night . .of dancing the night away at a near by club, YOU DANG RIGHT IM HUNGRY. I was literally looking up places to eat in the club LOL. This place happened to be open late so it was great that it was walking distance. 

Walked in and low and behold, a line. I mean, it is 2am we are all hungry. While in line a couple things happened: 
1) I noticed the decor. It was really nice 
2) Someone pulled the fire alarm and as adults, we learn not to panic over fire alarms like we did in grade school .. so we all just stood there LOL and continued to wait in line. Let's say the fire alarm was on for my whole duration of waiting in line and it made it hard to hear when taking my order. While waiting in line, we saw that there was a to-go / catering menu on the side, so we read that to figure out what we wanted. 

From what I observed, write your name on the box and your order. When it was my turn to scream my order across the counter :)) .. I ended up ordering the Fried Chicken Salad. To my surprise, I was . .. surprised with freaking anchovies in my salad. I was so confused, but it was apart of it on the menu. An every day person would not know what the heck a boquerones is. Well it's freaking anchovies. So whatever, I was hungry and just took the anchovies out. It just ruined my mood finishing that salad because I had to fish through it to make sure I wasn't eating anything crazy. 

As I was waiting in line, I also discovered that the mac and cheese was a staple item of this restaurant. My friends and I were excited to try it. Come to find out, my vegan friend couldn't partake in the fun activity of trying it because Wishbone includes chicken sausage. It was kinda upsetting because he had to get something else and there wasn't a lot of vegan opportunities. He ended up grabbing potato salad (which he wasn't a fan of. He said it seemed as if they added too much of a mustard base). He also had the biscuit that was talked about also. However, he said it was a little dry. He wishes that he got the french fries. That's always safe right?

My other friend also ordered a salad, but his didn't have the surprise factor that I had with my food. He also was annoyed at the fact that he had to wait like 15 minutes AFTER He ordered and paid for his food because the cashier didn't believe that he paid for it .. when that same cashier rang him up. A mess.

The tenders that were on top of my salad were okay. Nothing really special. I feel like this place is popping because it's one of the only places that is open so late at night. It is also crazy that you have to pay by the pound. Since the chicken wasn't heavily seasoned, they do push and promote you to buy the different dipping sauces that they have available.
Top 3 things I like about Wishbone: 
1.Fried Chicken? Everybody got time fo'dat!
2.Like Chicken and Mac n Cheese, somethings are much better TOGETHER. 
3.BYOB. Enough said!

Pro Tip: Get the tasting menu they have: 1/2Ib Mac n Cheese + 1/2Ib Chicken + 1 Sauce + New Hope soda/or water. $11.00 
Regular Prices:
- Homemade Mac n Cheese 8.95/Ib.
- Chicken: Boneless, skinless, and buttermilk battered with pretzel crust (your choice of: Classic white, dark, or Wishbone wings) 8.95/Ib.
- Homemade dipping sauce (your choice of: Chipotle Lime Mayo-Yum!, Parmesan Pesto- not bad, Modern BBQ, Pommery Honey Mustard, Tamarind Sweet Chilli, Buffalo Bleu, and DONFIRE -Its advertised to be extremely hot! Each sauce is $0.50
- New Hope fountain soda. Not sure- but probably $2.00 or so.

They also offer:
- Sandwiches: $8.95 each. All Chicken- Of course!
- Salads: Also $8.95 each.
- Homemade sides: $2.75 each.
- Hand pies made with butter crust: $4.00 each. I've tried S'more(seasonal flavor,) didn't like it. 
- Bakery goods: $1.85-$2.85. Limited quantities. 
- Bottels: $2.95 including the "Cock Cola".

Few other things to know about Wishbone:
- Refrigerated beer cases: Available.
- Catering: Available.
- Delivery: Available.
- Service: Quick and friendly.
- Taste: Good. Forget KFC.
- Hours: Open from 11:00am to 4:00am Thursday through Saturday, and 11:00am to 10.00pm 10.00pm Sunday thru Wednesday.

Seriously. Who doesn't like fried chicken?
Four Yelps.
I don't know how many locations they have, but damn.....their stuff is delicious! My friend brought me here after a night out drinking. Their fried chicken is good, but you definitely need some of that dipping sauce they charge you for. Their Mac & Cheese is incredible. The line was very long, but it move quickly. I'm curious to see what this place is like during the day, and when there aren't a whole lot of drunks there. I'm totally bummed that I didn't get to try their corn bread. Next time i guess. Chicken is crispy. Mac & Cheese i full of flavor.

I would have totally given his place 4 stars, but as someone who cares about the environment...they've failed. They don't care whether you take it to go or eat there. They rush you through the line and bag every single order into a large plastic bag. I noticed that most people ate there, and tossed all of the containers and bags into the trash. They could be more environmentally conscious and not give out bags, especially when it goes into the trash minutes later. It's the Californian in me.
There's now a Wishbone in Center City.  The University City favorite has opened up a branch in Midtown Village.  Of course the food is remarkably similar.  There are still the tasty chicken tenders coated in pretzel crumbs.  The varied sauces are the same with perhaps my two favorites being a Lime Chipotle Mayonnaise and the Honey Mustard Wasabi.   For a side dish, you can't go wrong with their mac 'n cheese - loaded with everything from mascarpone to chicken sausage and again the pretzel crumbs.  You can eat in or take out.  College students love the Wishbone in University City ... now will Center City like it as well?
Tip - Be aware there are no free sauces or condiments and also no free water.
Not bad. 

I walked by here on my way to a meeting and decided to grab a snack afterwards. The place was empty so that gave me little pressure to review the menu and order. I interior is nice and spacious. There aren't tables but instead bar seating (that faces the wall). 

I assume this place is a play on southern comfort food, with the star being fried chicken sandwiches. 

I ordered the southern sandwich. It comes with pickles, slaw, and a tomato spread. The chicken is pre-fried and on display. When you order, the chicken is put in the oven to heat up a bit. The process didn't take too long and my sandwich was constructed in a straightforward manner. Since i saw the process, i knew it would be difficult to eat while walking, so i took a fork with me. 

The sandwich looked promising. I thought everything tasted great separately. The fried chicken was really flavorful (i think it was chicken thigh but there are options for white meat/breast). I think the breading is what made it taste really good. The slaw was creamy and still had a crunch. It was a little too sweet for me, but not a deal breaker. The tomato spread was also delicious. If eaten all at once, the flavors fight for attention and overloads your taste buds. Not to mention how rich the sandwich is.  

The main problem i have with the sandwich overall is the execution of the sandwich itself (minus 1 star). I had a take out order/sandwich. Since the meat is "reheated" (not to a super hot temp either), it is then OVERstuffed with slaw (cold and wet), it made the whole sandwich a mess to eat and less appealing as it became a cold sandwich after a few bites. I do appreciate the nice serving of slaw, but I would suggest asking guests if they plan on eating it right away or later. If they are eating it later, put the slaw in a separate container. The bread is strong enough to soak up all the liquid and not fall apart but it would still be super messy to eat. 

If i had to do it again, i'd probably ask for a deconstructed sandwich. The chicken was really good, the slaw was really good, tomato and pickles were all good. I'd skip the bread and just eat everything separately. I'll go back to try the sides and perhaps sit down to eat.
I have been to two locations for wishbone. One is in West Philly and one is in Center City. I think the center city location is better. 

Wishbone mainly sells chicken tenders and they are pretty good. The breading is quite crunchy while the chicken itself remains moist. You can choose between light and dark chicken. 

What I like a lot about this location is the craft beers. There are a lot to choose from and they go well with the chicken tenders. They also have more obscure and specialty sodas.

My one qualm is that with expensive chicken tenders, they also charge for sauces. I think that if you spend above $5 for chicken, you probably should get a free sauce. The sauces are good, but can they really cost that much to make? I also wish that the sauce containers had wider mouths so that it was easier to dip the large tender into.
Fried chicken and beer are two of my favorite things. So when I heard that there was a spot that hooked up several varieties of chicken, and also had a solid cooler with mix a six capabilities, it didn't take long for me to want to give it a try. And as soon as I did I discovered a spot that offers all that and more.

When I first walked in I was quick to notice the rows upon rows of wings, tenders, and then some that's perfect for chicken lovers of all persuasion. Especially when you get to choose between tender white meat or succulent dark meat that's buttermilk battered with a pretzel crust. Dip lovers would be in awe of the 10+ homemade dipping sauces to choose from, and sandwich lovers have plenty of options to choose from that typically range from $8-10. Add in mac & cheese, cornbread, and other baked goods, and there's plenty more food to enjoy.

When roaming through the beer cooler I'm been able to pull out some greats from Duck Rabbit, Founders, Ommegang, Victory, and then some. And most go for cheaper than other bottle shops in the area. But teetotalers would be down with their plentiful assortment of iced teas, craft sodas, and other beverages.
This restaurant is great. It's so cute inside and they have really unique food options. In addition, tons of unique sodas and craft beers. They also have the best chicken fingers I have ever had. The pretzel crust really gives chicken fingers a whole new taste. I also had the honey mustard sauce. It was mixed with was wasabi for an additional flavor. The chicken fingers were sold by the pound and they were HUGE. You could probably just get 2 fingers and that would be plenty. The fries were delicious as well. Again, the fries were a huge portion. You could easily share it with someone. My friend also got Mac and cheese. It was totally unlike any other Mac and cheese I've ever had (in a good way). 
Next time, I definitely want to try their biscuits!
My wife loves fried chicken. I love fried chicken. After her showing me some
very sexy slutty pictures of food from this chicken joint we ventured a journey
for ourselves to try. 
The reviews were glowing, as did the pictures. We could not
get burned right? Wrong. Fucking oh so wrong. 

Hmmmm lets start with the sandwich. Looks great. 
Tasted odd. Slaw was not our cup-of-tea. Bun was not 
a great choice for such a sloppy sandwich. 
Breading is not like any fried chicken
I've ever ingested, more like shake-n-bake. So that's not a good thing. 

Okay, maybe the mac & cheese will be good. Spoon it in my mouth. Lets get it out
of my mouth, ewwww. Not sure what the flavors used for it were but they were
not appealing to either of us. 

Next up the tenders. The breading still the same but at least the buffalo sauce
helped it a bit. The sauce was very good, tenders were just okay. 

Corn bread was dry and not good at all. 

Cookie was just okay, nothing special and not worth the $2.  

So in hindsight will never be back and this is NOT a real fried chicken in my books.
So CLUCK YOU and you're pretentious "fried chicken" No love from me.
TERRIBLE SERVICE and the lady who answers calls on Friday night is a LIAR! I ordered delivery from wishbone on seamless - after an hour I called and the  lady said the food had been picked up. After 2 hours I called seamless and called her out and she said the driver didn't pick it up. 

Don't order from here. Go there in person if you're comfortable dealing with dumb people.
Tried the chicken fingers and the mac and cheese and likely won't be back. The chicken fingers were just ok. They reminded me of shake and back honestly. So if that is your thing, you will like these chicken fingers. 

The mac and cheese has to be a love it or hate item. Honestly, I am not even sure they should call this mac and cheese. It is more like cheesy pasta salad. The mac and cheese just has way too much going on for my taste. It has pretzels, peppers, tomatoes, chicken sausage, and marscapone cheese. Just way too many ingredients and yet somehow winds up tasting like soft, spicy pretzels. 

I have not tried the fried chicken, so maybe that is their stand out item here, but the chicken fingers weren't worth going back for.
The chicken strips were really good but the mac and cheese is definitely in the running for worst I've ever had. I'm not sure if it has jalapeños in it but there's something green and spicy, the cheese is bland, and I'm not really a fan of the breadcrumbs on baked Mac and cheese. The jalapeño cornbread was cold and dry but surprisingly sweet which was kinda odd. I will say that the sauces are amazing, especially the tamarind one. It's worth it if you just wanna grab some chicken to go but I wouldn't make a meal out of it.
okay this place is yummy. dont know why i've lived in this area for over a year now and havent been here yet! 

I got the fried chicken drumsticks with a honey biscuit and chipotle lime dressing. okay i could drink that dressing for lunch, its so tasty. i love that they have the pretzel coating on the chicken for added crunch. i only knocked this place down a star because we went there later at night (around 9 pm) and to me the chicken needed an extra bit of something, as if it had been sitting out for a little and was a little dry. don't get me wrong though, it was good and the sauce definitely added that something for me. i will be back to try the mac and cheese and chicken tenders. 

also, my friend got one of their salads with all that good stuff, and added chicken, it was huge! could have easily shared it between two people.
Update: 
I'm baaack!  A couple of three maybe four classic pieces for a post happy hour two maybe three Grey Goose martinis moment with ma girrrl. Best damn chacken since I started Keto!
I skipped mac cheese and sauces, which looked appetizing and gobbled mine down naked. Yum yum give you some if I could! But I ate them all!! 
Fast food that's better than Fast Food in one of the more fun areas of the city. 
And the have beer!!
Friendly staff, clean space, reasonable price. But frankly I guess I expected the food to be better..

The biscuit which was $2.25 a piece ( might be the only thing that's a bit over priced?) that was pretty dry.. does not taste like a real biscuit at all... Fried chicken strips are pretty good, but the breading is a bit much.. mac and cheese, which I had the highest hope for, is not as creamy, and too watery...

Might go in and try something else next time, the chili looks pretty good.
Dangerously close to the gayborhood and open until 4 AM from Thursday to Saturday, Wishbone is a great late night fried chicken spot next to Woodys. The chicken is by weight, so it is also dangerous how much I end up with. 

I tried all three types of chicken (white, dark, and wing). They are definitely the most well known for their white chicken strips, which were the freshest. It was also not dry! I thought the dark meat would be a drumstick, but it is actually a chicken tender - actually kind of nice that you're not paying for the weight of the bone. However, both the dark meat and the wing tasted a little too greasy, like it had been sitting out for awhile.

It's a little annoying that they make you pay for each individual sauce packet - would be nice if one or two were included with the purchase of chicken.
Ordered take out, super fresh and delicious chicken salad! Very friendly and nice staff. The pastries looks amazing, everything is house made.
Ordered the Wisherbone sandwich. The chicken was a tiny piece of fried nugget that was about 5 bites on a huge big bun. The sandwich would have been great had the chicken actually been a full fillet that covered the bread. So disappointing. 

The red potato salad is quite sweet. I didn't see relish in it. It's a dill potato salad so not sure where the sweetness is coming from unless it's made with miracle whip or sugar is added. $3.75 for a small cup. 

Corn bread is on the small side for $2.75. I'd expect a full square for that price. Overall, not impressed with the food or portions of this fast food type place.
UPDATE.  It gets more disappointing each time I visit, the breaded skin of wish bone wings gets thicker and thicker, until the skin is about the same weight of the chicken, this is fraud.

Personally believe that the fried chicken tastes better than the university city one. Had chickens by weight the night they open up and it's so good. Having the southern sandwich today and this stuff is MASSIVE! It's very heavy so the buns are a bit thin to hold it, the sauce is sweet, the chicken can get a little bit less crispy in the sandwich. But still, I like the taste of it and ppl are very nice and welcoming :)
the food is still delicious! no denying about that! but the price took me by surprise today.  i ordered 3 wings and a scoop of mac and cheese (heard it was phenomenal) and it came to a total of $9.10!  tbh, i almost wanted to say "take it back!".  

while i think the wings are maybe worth it. the mac and cheese, on the other hand, is no doubt a little too much for me.  again, it is very tasty! but the price needs to come down a little bit... the chicken is $8.95 /lb and the mac n cheese is also $8.95/lb...? basically i would choose chicken every time if i only got $9 to spare.  forget about half and half.  also, smaller containers would help manage the weight of the mac & cheese.. it's so dense! i don't need more than 1/3 of a lb of mac and cheese.

it's gonna be a while before i return back to wishbone :(
Chicken tenders and biscuit were slammin. Love all the dipping sauce options- biiiiiiig dipper over here. 

Mac n cheese wasn't my thing, and the baby pot pie was kinda gross.

The staff were very friendly, and extra points for being open late!
Do not order from here!!! Staff, Jose, is incompetent.  The food was disgusting and the customer service was beyond disbelief. When asked for a manger, Jose replied that there weren't any managers.  He was extremely rude and seemed very unconcerned about trying to resolve the issues we were having with our food. Try the other location.
Only ever ordered this off of Caviar so I am solely basing this review off of the food.  Was not expecting the chicken to be as good as it was.  It was less of fried chicken and more of a chicken strip which I really appreciated.

We also ordered the Mac & Cheese, potato salad, corn bread, and biscuit.  I'm a biscuit person, so personally I thought the biscuit was better than the corn bread.  The corn bread had jalapenos in it, which I wasn't the biggest fan of.  Mac & Cheese was OK - but I'm pretty picky with Mac & Cheese.  Not usually a potato salad person, but LOVED the potato salad!
Wishbone participated in the Philly restaurant festival that we attended at the Academy of Natural Sciences.  Their mac and cheese was one of the best dishes at the event and the chocolate chip cookie was really good too!  The only reason I am not opting to give them five stars is that by the time our friends arrived to the event they were already out of the mac and cheese.
Ok to begin; the food is amazingly great!!Chicken fingers awesome and the red bliss potato salad so damn good!! That being said, the reason I gave 2 stars was because of my experience when buy my food. I don't even let rude restaurant workers bother me anymore but what really bothered me was the fact that as the worker was weighing my food she dropped it on the counter and instead of getting another piece of chicken she picked it off the counter and just wrapped it up. Seriously!? Just severely bad customer service and more than likely against food/health code.
They left an item off my order, no biggie I'll just call and get it fixed. Well I call the number listed here, it's the other location. So when I find the correct number, I call and they have a voicemail system set up so you have to leave a message to speak with someone. This is insane for restaurant! What if I got the wrong order? I have to wait for a callback...? 

Chicken was decent. Mac was not good.
Had a great drop in lunch here today.
Chicken tenders with two dipping sauces - a buffalo blue (which I normally don't like but was excellent here) and a very smokey chipotle.
Came with a very tasty mac and cheese. Full of veggies and other tasty morsels.
For a few extra bucks it came with a PBR which was a perfect easy drinking accompaniment.
Place is clean and stylish.
There's a big selection of other beer too which is nice.
Lots of baked treats that I didn't try.
Rice pudding too.
I love the aesthetics in the place. It's warm and welcoming. The staff is kind and they are more than happy to help you get to know the items if it's your first time. You can sample their Mac and cheese which is amazing and simply heavenly.

The Chicken Pot Pie had a great crust in it. Crispy and the filling creamy. Together it just keeps you eating till it's done.

The chicken tenders were great. You can't go wrong with either dark or white. They are both juicy and delicious. The pretzel crust was crisp and gave a great texture to juicy tenders. It wasn't too thick and was just enough to give you what you need.

The wing was ok. It was a bit dry and similar flavors to the tenders.  

The flavors for the wishbone sandwich is pretty good. I love additions of the pickles and tomato. They add a nice acidity to the sandwich giving it a nice balance between the aioli and chicken.

The jalapeño cornbread is great. It was rich, buttery, with a small amount of heat to balance out the richness. A must have for all the cornbread lovers out there.

Amazing place overall and defiantly will be back for more.  Don't forget to grab their hole punch card for an extra freebie because I am sure you'll be back soon.
I ordered from Wishbone via their delivery service (ChowNow) and had a fine experience. The first night I ordered, they were having issues with ChowNow and weren't able to fulfill my order, which was frustrating. However, I received an email from the restaurant the next day apologizing (gotta love kind customer service!) and decided to order the next day for lunch.

I ordered the Wishboner fried chicken sandwich and macaroni and cheese. The mac and cheese wasn't for me (but perhaps that's just my strong preference for creamy mac and cheese). It had flavor from the chicken sausage, but I found it to be a little dry. The fried chicken sandwich was also well-flavored and good for a lunch, but is not necessarily my go-to for a day where I am craving very special fried chicken.

Perhaps one of the most exciting things about Wishbone is its very extensive beer / drink selection (so many options! also available for delivery!). If I were to come to Wishbone again, I would certainly take a closer look at that.
Phenomenal!! I got the classic dark tenders and they were the perfect amount of crunchy on the outside and moist and juicy in the inside. Never had such great tenders in my life! I also got the orzo salad and half baked cookie- both delicious. So many options that I didn't get to try... Will need to come back! This place is very friendly and has unique yummy options. My only complaint is that it is a little expensive.
Ordered from here today for lunch on UberEATS. Saw the reviews and thought I would give it a go to get a different taste from typical lunch.  Well it came hot so that was a plus but I am not really too impressed. I ordered the red bliss potato salad, a biscuit and white meat tenders. The biscuit was the best tasting thing with the citrus honey butter. The chicken was um okay I guess and the potato salad had way to much mustard seed or whatever they put in there. Too overpowering for me. That's all I tasted and the potatoes weren't cooked to the same consistency. Would I eat her again? For the prices probably not.
came here slightly intoxicated with some girlfriends and really enjoyed our fried chicken. it was fresh and the breading and flavors were great. i wish the sauces here weren't so expensive, i always need hot sauce with my chicken! the fries took forever to come out and weren't that good so definitely just stick with the fried chicken!
The odd night: This place is normally a well-functioning restaurant. However, upon going to pick up dinner yesterday I witnessed what seemed to be the manager and 3 other cooks joking around. listening to music, and being rude, while the counter girl was running around trying to stock, take orders, and check people out. While she called for what seemed to be the manager a few times he would come over assist, and walk away. This was not only rude with a line of people waiting about 15-20 minutes, it is very easy to turn around, and walk out. I give props to the girl, because there was a rude loud couple in front of me and she kept her cool. 

The Wings: I normally love their wings. They have a kick to them, and a unique crust which is delicious when hot. They also keep the skin on the chicken wings which I personally enjoy. Charging for sauce after buying pricy chicken is just silly. The chicken runs around $8-$8.50 a lb.

The Sides: The French fries are good when they have them, however you have to eat them there or they wind up being soggy. Even with a short walk around the corner which is disappointing. The potpie needs love the crust is too hard, and the filling was lacking in portion size, and flavor. The biscuits are my favorite, however if they don't put the honey sauce on top they are lack luster. They also have jalapeno mac and cheese, and cornbread both I haven't tried before.

The deserts: I have never tried, but they always look good. They have pies, turn overs, cookies, s'mores, blondies, and much more. As someone with a big sweet tooth they just never caught my attention.

Misc: They do have a nice selection of alcohol, and flavored drinks about the same price point at VIP market. They also have coffee from La Columbe hot and iced which is a plus. The seating area is generally clean, and they do have a local artist paint the menus. 

Overall I will probably go again, however this location while new still needs some work.
Ordered in-store to go the dark meat chicken tenders.

The tenders were moist which was fine, however the breading does not work well. It's too hard and unseasoned, leaving the tender as a whole lacking flavor.

However, what was the worst part of this experience was that there were tenders that tasted funny -- as in the meat being bad/on the edge.

I called the store to let them know, however the person who answered didn't really seem to care and referred me to an email address. I sent an email but never got a response back.

Avoid.
We picked this place at random during our overnight stop in Philly. I have to say this place is pretty awesome! The chicken is HUGE! They have a huge drink selection. Mac n Cheese, Coleslaw, and Sauces were all on point too!
We ordered from Wishbone last night on a complete whim. We had walked by over the weekend and tried the to-go cocktails (the bourbon blueberry one and the peach one) and both were super strong and tasty. 

Last night, we actually ordered dinner from a different chicken spot and our order was cancelled so by that point: we were HUNGRY and needed something quick. We thought of Wishbone because of the cocktails and ordered two sandwiches, some wings, and (I thought) cole slaw. Delivery estimate was 30 minutes but thankfully I think it only took 20 minutes since we're so close by.

The sandwiches were delicious. The bacon on my blt sandwich was perfect. The chicken was crispy. Bae liked the pickle game on his classic sandwich (the "wishboner," according to the box, lol). The wings were super crispy! I wasn't a fan of either of the sauces we tried - buffalo Bleu or the sweet chili sauce. Bae liked the chili one. I added some extra Bleu cheese we had to the buffalo Bleu sauce because I am weak and needed to tone it down. I thought we ordered Cole slaw, but we received potato salad. Bae doesn't eat potatoes so I tried it. It wasn't my jam (the potatoes weren't the star of the show with all the other greens and such going on), but it wasn't bad.

I would absolutely order sandwiches and cocktails or beers from Wishbone again. Out of all the local chicken sandwich spots in our immediate vicinity, these are the best in my opinion. I am a mac n cheese fiend so I will have to get that a try some time, too.

Thanks for coming through in a crunch (and with a crunch?) for us last night!
They charge for ketchup. First time in my lifetime seeing a place charge for condiments. 

Chicken tenders were tasty. Mac and cheese was kind of sloppy and burnt. 

And you can't just get a cup of water. 

Interesting place....
This chicken is amazing. Popeyes chicken strips on steroids. So good. Got 3 white meat strips and sauce for $6. So worth it. Open till 4am. Wish I got a few more.
I had high hopes for this place but was disappointed. I ordered online for pickup, and my order was ready within 15 minutes. Food is ready quickly, probably due to the fact that most of the food is pre-prepared and sitting under heat lamps so I imagine order quality could vary based on how long ago the food was prepared. I got the Wishboner sandwich, new potato salad and banana butterscotch pudding.

Wishboner sandwich: I liked the toppings and sauce, and the breading was a good texture, but I was disappointed in how rubbery the chicken was. 

New potato salad: I like that they have small portions of many different sides for decent prices. The potato salad was too mayo-y for my liking with small chunks of potato and even though the description on the menu said that it had kale in it I didn't notice any kale.

Banana butterscotch pudding: I liked that there were chunks of banana and the flavor was alright although the banana flavor really overpowered any detectable butterscotch flavor. The texture was nice and thick but kind of grainy and clumpy. 

Overall, it was alright if you are really craving fried chicken, but I wouldn't rank it among the best fried chicken in Philly. If you do try it out I'd recommend checking out some of the other sides and desserts because they have a decent selection and I'm sure there were some that I would have enjoyed more than the ones that I got
Lured in here by helpings of Mac and cheese- it looks so good. However, prudence has always been a finer point of my personality, and when asked if the MAC was vegetarian and was deeply disappointed that it wasn't. 

The cornbreads are vegetarian, but slightly too dry, i've gotten them twice- at least- because they look so damn cute and tasty. Brownies are such a hit or mess out of the four times I've gotten a brownie two of those times that brownie was spectacular, the other times it was stale. 

The beer fridge is a nice touch and well priced too.
After a night of partying I smelled the chicken on the way to my car, so I had to stop. I had two chicken biscuits(I made them) and their Mac and cheese.the biscuit was sweet and savory, and the Mac and cheese had pieces of biscuit in it. Both were delicious and I paired it with a Fat tire for extra goodness. This place is a must stop.
4.5 stars. Actually to my surprise this place is fantastic... not the worlds biggest fried chicken type of guy but this spot was yum, wishbone was a hit! 

First off the people working were really nice! The restaurant is clean and it was open late! 

I ordered a 3 piece of breast with fries And cornbread. It's was wonderful, chicken was perfectly fried ( I liked the triple XXX sauce more than the pesto and tamarind sweet) also I was not a huge fan of the ketchup at all... but I like fries without ketchup too so that was not too bad for me. 

They have a great selection of bottled brews and drinks for much more adequate prices than the bars and clubs around so I think it's a worthy stop at any part of the night especially if you get a little hangry.

Till next time.
Outrageous selection of craft beers! The biscuits are delicious and made from scratch. The mac and cheese will definitely go in my top 5. It has a little kick and the flavor is amazing. Staff is excellent, and they stay open until 3 or 4 am. I will absolutely be returning to try the rest of the menu.
The only reason I gave it 3 stars was for the blondie brownie.  That was one of the best ones I've had.  The chicken is nothing to be impressed about.  Didn't expect to receive burnt fries either. I don't recommend the tamarind sauce at all.
The young lady in the restaurant was very helpful, I just wasn't a fan of the food. The chicken taste like shake n bake and the biscuit was gross. The jalapeño cornbread was okay, I'll just choose another establishment when looking for chicken and mac and cheese
I AM A VEGETARIAN. I will ever come here again. I was told that there were No vegetarian options. Yet my friend ordered a salad for me. And I paid for my own salad even though he paid for mine. So I deserve a refund for that. I will never go back to this place. I was treated very inappropriately by an African American woman with long hair, and another with short hair. When I asked for the simplest vegetarian option the woman at the register was the most helpful. The employees working the food told me that I couldn't eat anything on the menu. The woman at the register tonight deserves a raise.  She knew more about the menu than the women and man working the food. Regardless of her I will never return.  
Gay Pizza is more accommodating than this establishment. I'm sorry I wasted over an hour of my time here and left with a salad that still had meat in it.
Hands down best tenders in the city. I go for white or dark meat, the staff is always friendly and very helpful (especially during my first time). The Mac n cheese is also amazing, especially with one of their sauces. The biscuit is average but enough to make me feel happy after the incredible tenders. Not sure how people rate this anything but a 4 or 5.
I like this place, but I don't love it. 

How's that for simplicity? Ok, I'll elaborate -- if I'm craving fried chicken tenders, I'm heading to Wishbone. If I am craving anything else, I'm not heading to Wishbone. 

"Craft Fried Chicken" is the name of Wishbone's game. Does it deliver? Eh. They do fried chicken tenders well here. VERY well. Thick and juicy, with a unique pretzel-shell batter. You can get dark meat or white meat, and it's pretty inexpensive, at around $9/lb. Three of them fill me up pretty good and that costs like $6. But that's pretty much it. The ambiance and description kind of leaves you wanting a lot more. There are two sides, the mac-and-cheese and the biscuits. The biscuits are disappointing, the mac-and-cheese I've never had because it always looks kind of gross, like it's been sitting in the steamtray for days. The fries are okay, if a little limp.

Also, don't bother with the sauces. They're unremarkable (with the notable exception of the parmesan pesto one) and expensive. Take your chicken home naked and slother some Nando's sauce on it once you get home. If you don't know what Nando's is, google it, you're missing out.

Amazing beer selection! Lots of goodies in a huge cooler, and the best craft/novelty soda collection I've seen in a restaurant ever. You can get hot wing soda and bacon soda, in addition to classics like Cheerwine, Big Red, and Cock-n-Bull.

The staff is nice, but clueless. My girlfriend is a vegetarian (in a chicken shop!!!! what is she thinking?!) so she ordered the summer salad. The guy who made it seemed shocked that someone ordered it, and it took him almost 10 minutes to make. Then once I got back to my apartment, it was the WRONG SALAD. I called up and spoke to Salad Man and he still seemed confused why my girlfriend's vegetarian salad had sardines in it. He tried to tell me I ordered a caesar salad, which I specifically did not because it's got goddamn sardines in it and I am acutely aware of my girlfriend's vegetarianism. I live about a 10 minute walk away so I told him one of us would be there in 10 minutes. So she walks over to return the sardine salad and retrieve the correct one (stopping at CVS along the way), she gets to Wishbone and Salad Man STILL HASN'T STARTED TO MAKE THE SALAD. Oy vey. Then another girl working there asks my girlfriend how long she's been a vegetarian, and they are talking about it, and then the same girl asks her if she wants CHICKEN ON THE SALAD! I swear to god, we are not making this up.

I'm sorry, Wishbone. I forgive you. Once the correct salad was made, she did love it, and I do love your chicken tenders. I'll be back, most likely drunk at 1am. See you soon.
We found this place accidentally when the restaurant we were going to was full. I'm so glad we walked in. Excellent chicken and service! My niece and I split the Tasting Menu and that was so much good food. The ladies working there are awesome! Thanks for the great meal!
We get take out from Wishbone once a week. The coating on the chicken is perfect, it's light and the chicken is perfectly cooked every time we order it. Get the drumsticks because you pay by the pound. The mac and cheese is okay not really my taste. It is odd they don't have mashed potatoes. But the sauces!!!! They are 50 cents each and all amazing. I use them for other foods I make at home. The Don XX sauce... is so so good!!!!
Came for dinner on a Thursday evening.  They had a decent selection of beer for a chicken place.  We ordered 1lb of chicken wings ($9.58) and a half cup of mac n cheese ($5.20). I was disappointed by the chicken; very dry outside, yet greasy.  The chicken is only bearable with some kind of sauce that they charge extra for.  The Mac n cheese was ok, but nothing extraordinary.  Honestly, would've preferred Popeyes or KFC even at the same price.
Delicious chicken! A staple of Center City. Every time I come to town I have to make this place a part of my trip. Just around the corner from all the bars in Philly my friends and I always feel welcome and enjoy the quick pit stop in a fun night out. The manager is a jewel. Be sure to ask for Chevy because her heart and smile when you walk in are just as welcoming as the mouth watering food. P.S. definitely try the cheesy ranch dipping sauce.
The place is honestly a lifesaver. I've come in here many times at 1 am desperate and in search of food. There's salads, sandwiches, desserts, and the chicken tenders. Don't get the pot pie, it isn't anything worth bragging out. The fries are great as well, hand cut and always piping hot. 

The chicken tenders are delicious and super juicy unless you come around closing time. The chicken tenders are charged by the pound so 3 huge tenders are roughly like $4. I recommended everyone to get the white meat tenders because those are the best, simply put. 

There's also a huge selection of sodas and beers which is pretty cool too. Another plus was their variety of sauces. You have to get a couple so you can figure out which one is your favorite but they're only 50 cents each. So If you're looking for a cheap quick bite go to Wishbone!
YUM! Originally I was going to order through UberEats from the University City location, but I figured since I already work downtown that I'd give their Center City location a try. I immediately saw that the wings looked extra crispy, so I decided I'd give them a try. 

They price them by the pound (about $8/lb), so mine came out to a little over $5 for 5 wings, which I didn't think was that bad for Center City eating. I got the fries for $2.99 and I thought they were substantial for the price. Not to mention they were the crispiest hand-cut fries I've tasted. These kind of fries can either be too chewy or taste burnt, but these particular ones were just right. The wings were great and stayed crispy when I had my leftovers later. Surprisingly the fries kept their crisp as well.

I will be back. It was about $10 for everything I had (no drink), so I will know next time to bring extra cash for something to quench my thirst.
I live around the corner and feel really awkward getting chicken fingers from real restaurants, so this was my last resort. 

The chicken is decent, but definitely not worth the price per pound (especially when there's more breading and less chicken). The mac and cheese is dry and burnt, but a step up from Wawa. 

All of the sauces are spicy (not like "my mouth is on fire" hot, but not even the honey mustard is sweet). And I'm gonna go ahead and be that guy to say 75¢ is too expensive for the size of the containers. Should be 50¢ (it adds up, dude). 

The beer selection is pretty decent, but the prices for a place like this are pushing it at 50¢ to $1 more than anywhere else.

Basically only come here if you're drunk.
Best drunk food around.
Chicken? yes. Mac n'cheese? yes.
Eat all your feelings.
My visit to the University City Wishbone 3 years ago left me wanting more, but oh how things have changed! I went to the new Gayborhood location and first noticed the large selection of specialty sodas. They've got some innnnnteresting flavors! I opted for two pieces of dark and one piece of white chicken, a root beer, and a honey buttermilk biscuit that ran me around $12 bucks. They have wings, sauces, salads, sandwiches, mac and cheese, and really ridiculously good looking desserts. One of my gripes before was that it gets expensive, and it still does. But it is really good too. I love the options of dark or white meat and will be making this a more frequent meal. The decor has a rustic feel which is identical to the UC location and the restaurant and eating area were super clean.
Best salad in Philadelphia.  They rotate their salads every season, and it's always a magnificent blend of greens with fruit, nuts, and grains.  I tend to swap out the grilled chicken for the fried chicken, which they let you do at no additional cost.  The portion is gigantic, especially for the $10 that it costs.  I never get tired of it.
Finally got around to stopping by at Wishbone, thanks to a strong craving for chicken tenders and fries. To be honest, part of the reason I had not tried it yet was because I didn't think it would be anything special. Boy, was I wrong!!

When you first walk in, it really doesn't look like anything special - I was actually a little disappointed. The chicken and sides are all prepare snd sitting on heating racks to stay warm, which didn't look too appetizing. Luckily, they make the fries fresh when you order them - that stopped me from walking out. They have 3 types of fried chicken - white meat, dark meat, and wings. All are priced per pound. I opted for the white meat boneless fried chicken. My hungry belly convinced me to order 3 tenders instead of just 2. For reference, each single tender is HUGE!

I was a bit surprised by how much I ended up paying. Thoughts while checking out: "$15 for 3 tenders, hand-cut fries, and ketchup?! They charge extra for ketchup?! Is it too late to walk out now?" Unfortunately, yes to all. But my worries were assuaged as soon as I began to eat. The hand-cut fries were just what I was looking for - not too thick but not too thin, a light crisp on the outside, and an overall rustic feel. My ketchup concerns were put to rest immediately - it's no ordinary ketchup! It has a blend of spices reminiscent of the curry ketchup at Frankford hall. While the chicken tenders don't look like much, I was so amazed when I took a bite!! The crunch from the pretzel crust on the outside contrasts with the moist, tender white meat on the inside, providing excellent texture with each bite. The quality of the meat must be commended - Wishbone delivers on is promise to serve only the best chicken.

Since I went for lunch, I did not get a chance to try out their beers, which they also pride themselves on. They've got an extensive draft list that does not appear overpriced.

Given the pricing, I most likely will not be visiting here often, but I'll definitely be back when I feel like treating myself to some quality fried chicken and hand-cut fries!
Pretty awesome. Best thing I've had in a while. I'm usually a white meat only person. The dark meat tender were so good!
Had the B.L.T. Very flavorful. Biscuits to die for. Arnold Palmer was not strong an I loved it. Good for big groups bar table seating. Staff very pleasant.
Absolutely terrible experience. Nowhere in the restaurant did they indicate that their mac and cheese contained chicken sausage (not on the signs, not on the placard in front of the dish). As a vegetarian, I'm extremely angry about this.

Also the jalapeño cheddar cornbread was 1) sweet and 2) cold. Awful flavor.
Forgetting my lunch led me to experience this place for a quick bite to eat.  I was originally planning on chicken fingers but the ones I saw looked a little burnt and I saw a salad that looked delicious so I ended up opting for that and man am I so happy I did! It was AMAZING. The salad was full of fruits, veggies, cheese and nuts so it was extremely filling even though it had no meat in it.  This is a great thing to know about if you're a vegetarian.  I definitely want to come back to try their Mac n cheese though because I've heard it's one of their specialties! Regardless, I am extremely pleased and full from my salad!!
Great quarantine option !!! My boyfriend and I ordered for pick-up by placing an order through the website. Food was ready promptly. We got a 1/2 lb. white meat tenders (2-3 pieces), a 1/2 lb. dark meat tenders (2-3 pieces), the mac & cheese, cheddar-jalapeño cornbread, and a biscuit. It was all very tasty! Both types of tenders were fantastic and you must try the mac! We got a handful of sauces - Gochujang Ranch, Tamarind Sweet Chili, Chipotle Lime Mayo, and Homemade Strawberry Jam. Favorites were the ranch and sweet chili. BIG PLUS is that they have a HUGE list of beer and it's all so well priced. Don't sleep on this place for all your quarantine cravings.
Food was great-- especially the mac and cheese and tenders! Everyone working here was also so kind and helpful
Came here for a quick bite. Nice fast casual style with a decent amount of seating. I thought I came here for the chicken but absolutely loved the Mac and cheese. They also have a nice soft drink selection. A little on the pricey side, but I would come again.
Wishbone was a staple drunk food when I was in college. Not that you need the excuse of intoxication to go enjoy their delicious fried chicken. Now that I'm a real adult, I go to the center city location and I'm still sober and in love. I kind of wish that I could say my favorite fried chicken place was something edgier like crown fried chicken (which they're also great!) but nope, it's basic, kind of hipster Wishbone with their rustic chic decor and all. Their chicken is great, highly recommend getting their pesto Parmesan sauce with it. You can always ask the staff to give you a Mac n cheese sample if you're not fully on board by looking at it. 

When I'm not getting their chicken tenders, though, what I think is underrated at Wishbone is their sandwiches. Yooooo those things are freaking delicious. This weekend I stopped by and got their Nashville hot sandwich (they change sandwiches from time to time). And that thing was decadent. With all the sauces dripping off the side, my hand is drenched and it's messy but you don't care because it's so good. Highly recommend. 

Also PSA, they sell beeeerrrrr (as if you weren't already drunk when you came here)
I might give it a third shot but I wasn't amazed the first two trips here. It's convenient to get a quick bite/drink. 

I tried their chicken tenders and wings with the different sauces. They have a variety of dipping sauces. Sauces I dipped in: Donfire, buffalo bleu, and pommery honey mustard - not bad! However, the chicken was meh. The breading on my chicken pieces were soggy, there was absolutely no crunch whatsoever. I wanted to like it but unfortunately it was a no no for me. Honestly, it reminded me of biting into a chicken wing or chicken bite from 7 Eleven... a bit disappointing with the money I spent on buying some wings and tenders. So I turned over to the legendary mac and cheese and fries. Now, the mac and cheese was pretty good. It has cheddar, swiss, caramelized onions, chicken sausage, pretzel crumbs and herb seasoning. Maybe my future visit will prove me wrong about the chicken wings. We shall see.
Best friend chicken in Philly! Found this spot after hitting the bars and loved it. We have been going back for 5 years now every fantasy football draft.
Each time I give these guys a chance my opinion of them drops. As with my original review, the problem comes primarily with the service and other non-food-quality factors. And I hate to give a damning review based on that, but Wishbone needs to get its act together when those factors are so bad they prevent me from eating there at all. 

Last time I ordered from there the problem came mostly from delivery - it took so long to arrive that everything was luke warm and soggy. When I decided to get a chicken sandwich last Friday night, I thought the issue of service would no longer be an issue because I went in person. Well, it turned out that was wishful thinking. 

I've rarely encountered a staff less knowledgeable about basic elements of its food. The place is only offering 4 kinds of chicken sandwich at the moment and yet nobody in the front-of-house staff could tell me what the "Wishbone special sauce" on the Wishbone SIGNATURE Sandwich was - they couldn't describe the taste or tell me what's in it. It took me nearly 5 minutes to get an answer (turns out it has mayonnaise in it, so I skipped anyway). I was still hungry enough that I wanted to order, though, so I conceded and asked for a Nashville Hot Chicken sandwich instead. But then they informed me that they were out of fries, which I had also ordered. When I asked what other side options I had, they told me macaroni and cheese, and nothing else. I wasn't in the mood, so decided I was just going to pass. I felt a bit bad about it since I'd been in there for nearing 10 minutes already, and assumed they'd be too far along on my sandwich order to stop, in which case I would have still bought it (of course). But when I asked if it was possible to stop the order, it turned out that yes, it was - they hadn't really gotten moving on it yet at all. And so I left, disappointed and hungry, with no intention of visiting or ordering from Wishbone again. My only fond-ish memories of the restaurant are now three years old, and even then the product wasn't SO GOOD that I'd put up with repeated service failures.

For what it's worth, nobody was unfriendly to me there - they were understanding about when I canceled my order and one of the cashiers did sincerely recommend the BLT to me during the whole "what's on a signature sandwich fiasco".
Cold chicken and mean staff. I came here on the weekend and the line was incredibly long. That was no problem but as we waited in line while we were pretty far back an employee forced us to order and box our chicken then pass it to the register. As we waited the chicken grew cold. I asked if we could wait til we were closer and the employee meanly said no. Once I paid for my food and ate it the chicke was room temperature and very unenjoyable. This process could have been improved if they just allowed us to order once we were closer to the register.

Please fix your queue management and realize no matter how far in advance the scoopers work the bottle neck is at the register and the scoopers should take orders closer to order
How difficult is it to process "one banh mi sandwich with chicken and one without chicken"? Apparently, extremely difficult. We tried to place this order, and it was too complicated for not just one, but two of their employees to process. So, after countless times of trying to explain this simple order.... we just left.

It looks so promising but it's a complete disaster. Unless you have an extremely high tolerance for incompetence, I wouldn't recommend going here.
Outfest and somebody got a craving for chicken. It looked good, smelled yummy, but I didn't have a taste this time around. One companion calls this the best chicken in the city. BIG statement that I'll test soon and update the review.
Stopped by to try the chicken BLT. To accompany it, I tried the coleslaw. I found it interesting. This place is quaint and the service was excellent. After reading about the chicken sandwich I had to come try it. 

I must say that the chicken sandwich was ok, but somewhat disappointing. The chicken sandwich had way too much breading on it. While crisp is appreciated, too much breading overpowers the taste of the actual meat. The chicken was seasoned ok. The coleslaw was flavorful. This place will go on my one and done list....
I went to Wishbone for the first time, and I like how they have a TON of different beer, cider and hard seltzer options in the store where you can make your own six-pack. They have so many cool looking beers that I have never seen before. 

The food was good, but not the absolute best fried chicken I have ever had. It's easy to order and take out, but we decided to sit and eat (they had a good amount of seating available, mainly high-tops).  I ordered the Nashville hot chicken sandwich and a side of mac and cheese. They leave the mac and cheese out under a heat lamp, and it was still good but also tasted like that. The sandwich was good and slightly spicy, but since I have had Hattie B's before it cannot compare to that.
