My family and I have been coming here countless times ever since they first opened but unfortunately over the years, chefs + staff has come and go and the quality of food has gone down tremendously at this establishment. 

The only reason we still come here is because of the convenient location with a parking lot as well as a few decent noodle and rice dishes but that's about it. The food here is mediocre at best whether it's dim sum or speciality dishes. 

The owner is rarely there so there tend to be a lot of slacking and laziness among the staff. Luckily, they all know my parents so the service is slightly better. I'd rather not eat than eat here again, go to Chinatown instead.
Many years have passed since my last review, and after about 50 visits here during that time, I'm feeling a little agitated by the 3-star average.  Pardon me if this comes off as a little arrogant or if it looks like I'm a know-it-all, but I'm just trying to duplicate the many amazing dim sum experiences I've had here for you.  This is what you need to do:

1.  Come between 10:30 and noon.  The dim sum is super fresh and ALL varieties are still on the carts.  
2.  Order the triangle shaped corn pastries with bbq pork in them.  Don't think about it, trust me on this.  Try them plain, then dip one in the vinegar.  You'll be back for these.
3.  Order the salt and pepper squid when they bring you your tea.  They are fantastic and take a little while to come out, so order them immediately.
4.  If you can get them, try the hard shelled "gravy" dumplings.  Never had anything like it, and I don't know how to describe it.  Very crispy shell, chewy right beneath, and then stuffed with a warm pork gravy.  I really love the contrasting textures.  They literally look like three brown eggs on the sliding door cart (same cart as the triangle pastries).
5.  Be assertive
6.  Be really assertive
7.  If you want water, ask for it.  If they don't bring it, flag them down and ask again.
8.  Never choose the older steamed dim sum.  You want the cart to be stacked tall and take from the top for maximum freshness.
9.  Never order the pork blood soup from the very sweet soup cart lady.  She will laugh at you when you realize what it is.  (Unless you like pork blood soup, of course.)
10.  Try some interesting things that you don't know what they are (except the pork blood soup).  The taro croquettes that look like dragon eggs are quite good dipped in spicy vinegar and soy and the curried fish ball soup is a great deal if you like fish balls.
11.  Mix in a few classics, but make sure they're fresh.  The pan fried pork and chive are great, the shrimp and pork shumai are excellent, and the shrimp and veggie shumai are surprisingly good (they have the single green pea on top as a differentiator).  
12.  Understand the magical condiments and use them however the hell you like to get the most out of your dim sum.  Experiment until you get that perfect umami mix of vinegar, soy, and heat.  Make a mess of the plate, the table, and yourself.

It's quite easy to have a bad experience here, but there are many hidden treasures at Wokano!
At first, I really liked this place and their everyday dimsum.  We ended 
up there on a whim, after not finding any parking near Chinatown.  There were 4 of us, and we sat right down and were served immediately.  The food flowed freely, with all of my favorites: shark fin, pork shumai, tofu skin, char-shiu buns, fried dough filled noodles... you name it, and they were all very well executed.  We had such a good meal that we raved about it to everyone.

A few weeks later, my husband and I took another couple here, expecting that they would be as dazzled as we were.  Our experience was MUCH different.  It is at this point I must note, that the first couple we went with included a Cantonese speaking Chinese man.  This couple was non-Asian like ourselves, and I thought it was silly at first, but as the meal went on, I realized that a pattern was emerging.

When we first sat down, we waited for about 10 minutes, and were served the first 3 items.  The guy forgot to mark it on our card, so 15 minutes later when the next cart came by, he came back and marked down another 7 circles.  There was a lot of confusion, and we eventually had to complain to the manager that we only had 3 things plus the additional 2 the second cart gave us.  After that, we just watched the carts parked on the other end of the room.  When a person finally emerged and decided to serve people they only went to table where Asians were sitting.  No joke.  The cart literally went to the table to our left, passed us and went to the table to our right.  This happened several times, and not just to us (they skipped the other non-Asian table in the same manner, though oddly those people didn't seem to care that they had no food).  After another 15 minutes of no food, my husband got up and went towards the carts himself.  After he made some commotion, someone came out and finally served us.  We decided that was our last serving and left. 

I know a lot of places give you preferential service if you have Chinese people or Cantonese speakers in your party, but this was the extreme in my experience.  To blatantly skip your non-Asian patrons is completely out of hand, and I'm not interested in returning to a restaurant that doesn't want me there.

(I'd love to give this place 4 stars, but their service was just too horrible to deserve it)
Some harsh reviews on here lol. most are kinda true...probably depends on the staff that day. 

I've come here many times over the years, mostly for dim sum but also for dinners. 

First, the main pros of this place. 

Location. This is probably the main reason my family goes here. The location is just convenient and parking is easy (come early for the parking lot, or there are some street parking around the corner). We come with 2-3 cars.. so parking in Chinatown would be a hassle. 

Space. The restaurant itself is fairly large so you have enough elbow room to eat. The place is fairly clean as well as the bathroom, and the decor/tables/etc are also up to date. The space also has WINDOWS. Natural light for brunch? Sure!!

Price. The prices are decent. Some people will argue "you get what you pay for". I'll discuss food in a second. Like i said earlier, my family comes here often and for the price and dishes we order, we spend a good amount less than other chinese restaurants. 

Now, on to the food. 

Dim Sum. I personally think there Dim Sum isn't bad. Its NOT AMAZING... but its not horrible either. Whatever i order, i usually like. They have the main dim sums and they do them well here. (shrimp dumplings, chicken feet, pork ribs, etc). Are they the "best of philly" ?? No.. i don't think other dim sum places are always 100% consistent delivering their food. This place, however, is fairly consistent. I've never had anything cold served during dim sum...while other places have. There aren't the newer options of dim sums so the carts revolve around quickly. The ladies are friend and know a little english. I speak my broken chinese and they laugh.. everyone is having a good time. 

The dinner here is pretty good here too. Although I haven't had it in a while...the times i did, they were good. Lobster HK style, soups, vegetables, steamed fish, clams, etc...they all were pretty authentic and tasty. Again, were these the best of philly? Probably not. 

The service is a hit or miss. Every time I go to dim sum or chinese dinner, i don't expect 5 star service.. hell, i don't expect any good service at all. This place is the same. I think thats how all asian places are, so you either get use to it, or you keep expecting something that is just not ingrained in chinese/vietnamese culture and get upset. What you should reasonable expect? Water, tea, ordering your food, and bringing your food. That's what i call "good" asian/dim sum service! And Wakano does that for me. You need a plate? napkins? chop sticks? Look at the next table and take it. Or get up and go to the area that stores all that stuff. Why? Because its faster and easier than complaining they are "horrible servers". I do it all the time. Bad manners? I think not... just hungry.
I was actually surprised at this place. 
It's hard to find parking in the plaza Sunday around 10am so we had to look for residential parking about 5 blocks away. 
I walked into this dimsum expecting the place to be full but only 3 tables were taken. 
I'm guessing everyone is in the viet places or the supermarket.

There were dimsum fulled carts so just point and they will mark your "receipt" list.
However, if you are looking for vegetarian options, this place isn't the right place for you since I say 6 different carts filled with dimsum yet none were vegetarian. 

One lady pushing the cart told me that "if you want vegetarian stuff then you shouldn't eat anything" in chinese. She sound like she's FJ. I just wanted to point her out cause there are other very hard working people there.

However, this place gets 4 stars because the dimsum is hot and I love their char siew sou (which is the triangle shaped flakey pastry filled with bbq pork filling). We had about 5 dishes and it came out to about $15.
All things considered, the best dim sum in Philly. By that, I mean their food is good, the service is good, not usually crowded, the carts come out quick, there is a nice selection available, and importantly, a parking lot. 

For a while, we didn't try this place because it's kind of out of the way, or at least separate from the general Chinatown area. We used to frequent Ocean Harbor, DSG, and Nom Wah some since it opened. I wish we had tried Wakano sooner. Wokano is every bit as tasty as those places, with a parking lot in a less crowded neighborhood. We've never had too much trouble finding a parking spot, and we've always been seated and served food right away. Caveat: we usually go early, between 10-11, on the weekends.  

So far, our favorites have been the seafood shumai and squid balls, two things they don't usually have at the other places. The spare ribs, intestines, sticky rice, lotus leaf rice, and chicken feet were all good, too. Our first experience with their shrimp roll was so-so, but it looked better the most recent time. 

Overall, probably our favorite place, especially considering all aspects of the experience. The food is just as good, or maybe better than all the Chinatown places, but the parking and generally less crowded space make it our new go-to.
Went to Wokano for dim sum on a weekday lunch some months ago.

We tried lots of different dim sum here and it was all pretty disappointing, ranging from acceptable to unpalatable.  The Lo mai gai (sticky rice with chicken & savoury things wrapped in lotus leaf) and Braised chicken feet were a couple of the better ones.  The Steamed meatballs tasted pretty bad, as did the fish balls, which were mostly filler, flavourless, and also had a weird (bad) texture.  For the dumplings we tried, the dumpling skins were rubbery and thick -- when they should be perfectly steamed, thin and delicate.  Other dim sum we tried generally wasn't good, but could be eaten if you're desperate.

If you've ever appreciated good dim sum, then I don't think you'll find it here. But, if you don't care about the quality of the food (or if you've never had good dim sum), then maybe Wokano could be an acceptable place to go to for kicks.

Service was okay.
Food... not so much.
Not really sure why we stopped here but I was disappointed.  It has a nice big dining area but the service is just horrible.  I didn't expect to be waited on hand and foot but this was our service for the evening:

We come in, are seated right away (almost empty).  Gave us a teapot of tea and some peanuts.  Good so far.

We browse the menu and make our pick.  I asked a question and the lady server basically yells, "what???" with a really irritated tone.  I repeat myself and she says, "no." No explanation, no suggestion of another dish, nothing.  OK, I know the whole language barrier thing first hand but that isn't an excuse to lack customer service or be rude.  

OK so the BF asks about the Fujian fried rice and asks if there is chicken, to not put any chicken.  We ask if there is other meat besides chicken.  Lady says, "no." I order the bitter melon with garlic sauce.

Bitter melon with garlic sauce comes out.  No rice.  We wait 15 minutes before the fried rice comes out.  There is meat in it.  We ask the server, "We ordered this with no chicken".  She says, "There is no chicken."  We pick up some chunks of poultry and ask, "then what is this?"  "That's duck."

WTF?  /sigh/
Worst service attitude in the world of dimsum of philadephia.

I never give 1 stars like I give it here.

1. No one at the front to greet you when you walk in. Yes they are busy tending to their cash registers

2. Dimsum variety I can count on my one hand, literally only 5 dishes that I get is here and the rest I don't know where they are. When asked for an item, they made it and brought it out with an attitude like I was ordering something out of the ordinary. It's dimsum....... It's on the menu.... Why the attitude?

3. At the end when we finished, we needed a box to put our leftovers in. The front desk is where we went to ask for a box since everyone else is busy manning the carts. After paying for the bill, the guy gave nasty attitude saying "there are no boxes here, you think we would put boxes here, they are in the back, where currently I don't have time to get it, I am busy" with that while he was collecting money into the cash register.

I am sorry. This is the absolute worst treatment anyone can have when it comes to dimsum, actually, any restaurant for that matter.

If you want more business, don't scare away new customers with your bad attitude. I am never coming back here.
Best dim sum I had in Philly (not as good as some of the places in NY though). 
We go there often and enjoy the Dim Sum and the regular menu. 
The pork Shumai is great as are the other steamed dumplings. If you feel adventurous the chicken feet are nice also. 
Service is as good as it is going to be in a dim sum place. They are definitely nicer than imperial inn and. Some servers try, some not so much.
They have Dim Sum every day from 10-3 - discounted during the week, full price on weekends.
The regular menu is also good - we love the Peking duck, fluffy crapes and crispy skin. Very good hot and sour soup.
I like this place a lot. The food is delicious and the service is pretty fast, depending on how busy it is. I always have a good experience. 

Tip:  Since it's a Chinese establishment,  their etiquette is a little different. Don't be shy to ask the waiters for orders or you'll end up frustrated, because  they don't exactly wait on you.
This place has some of the worst service you will ever come across in your life. If there is any reason to come here, it must be for that blood-boiling experience. I'm sure the waiters would prefer it if you don't come in at all. Perhaps the restaurant is just a front and they have better and more lucrative things to deal with out back.

I have been to Wokano at least a dozen times and the service just keeps getting worse. Why do I keep coming back? It's definitely not because they have good food, because although the food is edible, it is mediocre at best. I just happen to know people who like to come here... I guess they enjoy the empty space.

As of this last visit, I think the staff has given up completely. My party and I filled up two large tables during Sunday dinner. We were the only ones there until another family came in way later that night. The waiters left their order notepad with the menus they handed us. I would have taken my own order but I didn't have a pen.

When I was able to flag down one of the three (clearly so busy) waiters to ask if he wanted me to write down my own order, the he told me he "could" do it for me. He gave me the impression that this was a favor that he didn't give to just anyone. Wasn't I so special? Then he took our order in a half-asleep mannerism that clearly indicated he had mentally checked out - maybe a few months ago. Fifteen minutes later, I was able to flag down another waiter to bring us water. We were still the only people there at this point and the waiters were either congregating over at the cash register or staring blankly at walls.

When our food finally came out, the waiter asked if we wanted white rice or fried rice with our food. As I asked the opinions of the other people at my table, the waiter just turned around and walked away. I watched the waiters as they stood at the cash register with nothing to do, occasionally watching television or something on their computer screen. I waved my arm and one waiter eventually came over to take my request for rice. He then walked back to the cash register and proceeded to just stand there. He didn't get the rice or tell anyone to do it. He just went back and stood there, with the occasional wall stare.

At this point we realized we were missing a plate and I couldn't get anyone's attention so I just got up to grab my own from another table. A waiter saw me and didn't care - because why make the walk over to our table when the other side of the restaurant had walls to look at?

When our rice finally came out, it was four bowls short.

Their food is nothing spectacular. They do not have a single dish I would recommend. If you desperately need Chinese food, you should go to chinatown or just get takeout. Maybe their dim sum is better, but their dinner dishes range from bad to average. Some of the meats seem like they were just frozen and reheated. 

This place is open late, which is probably good for drunk people or post parties. But if you are not a late night drunkard and just want to dine in the area, go to Nam Phuong or Viet Huong next door for superior food and infinitely better service.

Or better yet, just stay home. I'm pretty sure instant noodles come in a variety of flavors now.
I don't know why anyone who lives in South Philly would bother to drive all the way to Chinatown, search 40+ mins for a parking spot, and pay for said parking spot when Wokano is right there on Washington Ave with free parking and in my opinion, pretty damn good dimsum and dinner.

To give you an idea of how great I think this place is, I was only home visiting for a few days and ate here twice (almost three times if mom dukes didn't oppose).  First time was for dinner.  This place has the best beijing spareribs (king to spareribs), ever.  The sauce wasn't too thin or thick, not too sour or sweet.  The pieces of pig were fried perfectly and had a good balance of fat and lean parts.  (Mouth is watering right now.)  If you're up for it, do try their fried pork intestines served with picked veggies.  Yeah, it sounds pretty gross but oh so tasty in reality.

Dimsum had a very good variety along with the typical shrimp dumplings and siu mai.  There was this one fishball with cilantro type dish (lang yue quao) that was perfect taste and texture-wise.  The mini egg tarts were good too.

Too bad Wokano is like 3000+ miles away from me, but it'll def be my go-to spot whenever I'm in town!
This place has terrible service! I stood and waited to be seated for about five minutes. The entire restaurant was empty except for one table. I had a server walk directly passed me and another server stare at me from across the room. I asked her for a table for two and she said something to another guy and they straight up ignored me. After another five minutes of standing there I just walked out. I was really annoyed. This place blows! It was kinda scuzzy inside too.
Dim sum for breakfast? Dim sum for brunch? You better believe it.

Wokano is one of my favorite places to get weekend morning dim sum. It's simple, comforting, affordable, and relaxing. It's everything I want in a first-meal of the day. 

If you go a little later in the day or the evening, it fills up quickly. But going in the morning ensures there's likely a table free for you to walk right in and grab. 

There's a very friendly man who walks around making sure you have water, I think he might be the manager or the owner. He's always happy to see returning customers and greets us warmly each time. 

When I go to most places to eat, I like to try something different each time. But I find myself always going for the same items at Wokano. But no matter what you get, make sure to at least get the sesame buns and egg custard buns, and a pot of tea. You can not go wrong with these as part of your order!

It's filling, it's delicious, and it's easy on the wallet. 

I also love that when you sit down, you can eat relatively quickly: people are walking carts around the dining area with the food ready to go for you to select and enjoy. 

My only issue is that, unless you live nearby and can walk there, I recommend you take a cab or rideshare. The shopping center parking lot is mayhem. It's packed with a food market and other stores in a small condensed area, so navigating your car in that parking lot is an endurance challenge. Save yourself the trouble and enjoy an Uber or a walk. 

If you want a nice AM meal, or if you need to work off the hangover from last night, you will surely feel better after visiting Wokano!
My friend took me here to get dimsum on Sunday afternoon. There's no queue to get a table but the restaurant was quite packed. The service is very slow and the variety of dim sum dished were limited. We only had Pork Shumai, Shrimp Shumai, Fried Taro, Shrimp Balls, Congee and Fried Squid. We asked for the Chicken Feet, but 30 minutes later there's still no chicken feet to be found. We spent $30 for 6 dishes. Food was not bad, but if you want to have a great dimsum experience, this restaurant is not the place.
So sad this place has only 3 stars! Not going to lie it made me alittle worried too when I went. It was a Monday morning so not a lot of carts were out but I wanted to get dim sum when I got off my plane that morning. 
I walk in and ordered some tea. I immediately get brought the dumpling cart. There I ordered a bunch of dumplings and buns that I liked.

Within mins I was full from delicious dim sum. I do recommend parking a few streets over and walking over. The parking lot is small and has a ton of traffic. Shrimp crepes and shrimp crystal dumplings are my favorite. These were cooked to perfection! Def. Would love to come back here again.
Worst dim sum experience ever. I only came here because they serve dim sum pretty late. Also it's much easier to find parking here. 

We only ordered 5 things, we received only 1 dish and waited an extra 30 mins for the other dishes. When we received the other 4 dishes, the skin on the dim sum looked like it melted off the filling & on to the plate. It didn't look good and it didn't taste good either. I won't be coming back.
The only redeeming factor is that parking is not as horrendous as in Chinatown. 

I've been here many times with family because it is easier to find parking here, but the experience has gone from 3 stars to 1 over the past few years. We stopped going because it got that bad. We'd rather stay home and just make congee now.

Horrible things about this place:
- always running out of items (chicken feet, tripe)
- food is now incredibly bland-- tastes like it is reheated frozen food
- some items came to us COLD
- servers have a sour expression the entire time. They look harried and angry.

Do yourself a favor and stay away. Worst dim sum I have ever had.
Friday night devours turned into a full deep sea swim! I visited Wokano Restaurant for dinner. While being here i order the fish fillet in black bean sauce . It came in full force full of flavor and full of spices. This spot is amazing  make sure y'all pull Up they're open till 12:00am. #chinesefood #chinese #food #philadelphia #philly #fish #foodporn #foodphotography #foodgasm #foodie #latenight #latenightdinner
I love dim sum at Wokano. They have consistently been nailing it every weekend for me. I love their congee, which sometimes saves my hungover soul on a Sunday morning after the Saturday night before. They have carts and friendly staff and the good stuff just keeps rolling by. Don't worry if you don't know the names - point and order away! I have given some of the names below, just in case. 

Not to miss: 

Har gau (translucent shrimp dumpling) - these are see-through and contain a whole shrimp. They are very delicate at Wokano and these are difficult to make - a real testament to the skills back in the kitchen. 

Cheung Fung (rice noodle rolls) - the long white noodle burritos stuffed with shrimp or beef. Both are great. 

The siu mai (pork) are tasty (these are the basket-shaped dumplings). 

Wu gock (or taro dumplings) - like a delicious deep-fried mashed potato. 

Fried squid or fried little fish - excellent. 

Fish balls are delicious. I have not tried the beef balls. 

Lo Mai Gai (sticky rice and meats wrapped in a lotus leaf) - has a special little surprise sausage in each neatly wrapped package. 

Char siu (those white puffy "bread" (actually rice flour) balls stuffed with BBQ pork) - I am not a huge fan, but Wokano's are light and not gummy and the meat is delicious. 

I love the Mala go - the steamed yellow cake and they also make nice egg tarts. 

I have tried a lot of dim sum items here and have always had good food, which is not greasy. Everyone who works at Wokano is really friendly and helpful - sometimes they try to push some items, though. If you don't want something, they are never offended. 

I love dim sum here and highly recommend it.  

I am sure someone else can give a more exhaustive and accurate list - my advice is to try whatever looks good to you!
Best in Philly....probaly the east coast. They alot of choices, to furfil all ur cravings. My fav are General tso chicken, general tso tofu, jelly fish head, seafood lo mein, softshell crab and many more. i love going here
Wokano: Dimsum everyday 10am-3pm

Originally, my friend and I were going to have pho for lunch but decided that we had a sudden craving for dimsum and wokano was just right there in front of us.

We entered the restaurant at about 2:15 and were immediately seated.. for such a big restaurant there were only about 4 tables of people and only 1 cart in sight. Because dimsum ends at 3pm, we were given a menu to pick which dishes we wanted which was new to me because I'm used to getting it from the cart. 

To start we had egg tarts, it was my first time ever having them and surprisingly I liked it. We ordered tripe, pork shumai, shrimp shumai, short ribs, pork buns and crystal shrimp dumplings. Later we requested for shrimp cheong fun. Gradually they came out from the kitchen one by one.

Our bill total was $24.85, which in my opinion was not bad considering that we had 8 dishes in all. And although the dimsum menu IS limited and cost a little more than chinatown, the portions were a lot bigger and not as salty! I would come back.
Excellent dim sum and an attractive interior makes this my new default, although service ran hot and cold on my first visit.  I will definitely be back.

Wokano is another reason to believe that Philly's Little Asia is leaving Chinatown and heading to South Philly.  It anchors an Asian shopping mall, and a banner outside claims dim sum every day; another Yelper says that's 10-3 with discounts during the week, but I did not confirm that.

Aside from all my favorites and standards, I did see a few new (nameless) things go by.  They seemed to be pushing their dumpling soup, but I didn't try it.  Everything I had was good to excellent. Oh, steamed pork buns, how I love thee!  Theirs were smaller that usual which turns out to be a good thing for  meat-to-bun ratio and mouth accessibility.

The building has been recycled a few times, and there's only so much you can do with standard commercial construction.  That said, the interior has some very nice touches, especially along interior walls and in the bar/cashier area.  Hopefully they'll do something about the dropped ceiling which always subtracts big from decor.

The only drawback was uneven service.  Busy but not full, they seated us immediately.  We were barraged with carts in the first 15 minutes, so much so that we had to say no to just get through what we had.  However carts were scarce after that.  I'm not sure if this was just a matter of timing or a crowd control strategy.

Overall, I'd say this is currently Philly's best dim sum.  I used to like a place a few blocks down on Washington Avenue, the place with the giant fake plastic columns outside, but I've heard it's gone downhill.  We'll see how long Wokano can stay on top.
This place and everything about it is A-OK. The dim sum is good, but falls short compared to Joy Tsin Lau, Ocean Harbor, etc. Prices are fine. The parking situation in theory is good and is one of the few reasons I venture here, but it consistently takes me 10-20 minutes to find a spot during dim sum hours (10-1 PM on Sat/Sun) in their seemingly spacious parking lot! With such a long wait, I might as well be in Chinatown!
Fun for a change in the Chinatown Dim Sum circuit, but certainly nothing to rave about.  The employees work hard, but the selection seems to be standard and any hiccup or outlier could sway your experience completely either plus or minus a few stars.  Go at lunch time because the food is moving. The bean curd roll is mostly meat, just FYI. Also, as we learned, there are next to no vegan options. Great for groups and children.
I come here only for their dim sum. I must say their dim sum is the best tasting compared to imperial inn and joy tsin lao. 

Upon walking in you are seated quickly served with hot tea. Carts of dim sum arrives at your table as soon as your seated and you pick your choice. I usually get the pork and shrimp shu Mai , chicken feet, shrimp noodle , pork rib tips, and pork buns. I especially like the flavors of the chicken feet and rib tips. Other restaurants I've been to are usually dry and bland. 

Service is ok.
Since this restaurant has changed owners and names so many times we were hesitant to try, but try we did.  It was a Sunday morning the first time we visited.  We had intended on going to Chinatown for dim sum, but it was so busy  and the parking was horrendous we figured we'd give this place a try.  It wasn't bad !  A little pricier then Chinatown, but the convenience and quality of food made it well worth it.  We've been back a few more times for dim sum, but decided last weekend to try the dinner menu.  DELICIOUS.  I know I gave Thai Lake a great review , but I have to say this place will give Thai Lake a run for their money !  The space is huge, so your not all crammed into one table w/ no elbow room ( a problem when your stuck between my husband and brother ! )  The utensils were clean, and most importantly the bathrooms were clean !  The staff during dim sum was not so great, but for dinner they were attentive and responsive .  I like to toss it up sometime and pretend I don't understand or speak and Chinese on occasions, and normally this is not accepted well at other Chinese restaurants, but this staff rolled with the punches.  Polite, and even shared in a few jokes with my family.  As far as the food.  We ordered a wide variety, but my favorite was the fried whole fish,  their triple delite medley ( stuffed peppers, tofu and eggplant in a black bean sauce ) YUM, and they knocked the sweet and sour pork ribs out of the park.
Let me start out by saying that my husband (my then boyfriend) and I have been coming to this place for years. It was a convenient locale for dim sum. It was "allright" dim sum.
Its not THE best. 
I would give this restauarant a 0.5 star if I could. The food is good and crunchy (shrimp balls) but the service is extremely slow. It was terrible. I am not even joking! We were sitting for over an hour waiting to give our order. We didnt get the food we ordered. We just paid what we had : two small plate dishes and rice.  

Very disappointed. 

Its like they only have one stove top to cook each dish and only one waitress. I felt really bad for thr waitress. She was the only one running around. She was honestly the only one working. She was great. But she was gone half the time too- probably also prepping food in the back. 

They need to work on a lot of things. Gordon Ramsey would be livid. I am sorry, but I am never coming back here.
Being from San Francisco and Los Angeles, where my dim sum standards were set WAY up there, I have yet to find a good dim sum place in Philly that comes even close to the dim sum I like in CA. So if anyone has any suggestions, please let me know.

My Philly-native side of the family likes to come here because they think it's some of the best dim sum they can find in South Philly.  I, however, don't like coming here.  Granted, I can get better dim sum when I go home to San Francisco, but they can't.  To me, the dim sum here is... a downer.  Not enough selection; quality is only passable.  It only fulfills your craving for dim sum, but I can never leave the place thinking, "What a good meal."  Don't get me wrong, I love dim sum just as much as the next person, but the dim sum here just isn't cutting it.

Bottom line:  I'm not really a fan. When I eat here, I stick with the 'ja lerng', rice noodle rolls, calamari, and soy sauce king chow mein (literal Chinese translation).
Mediocre at best. I was hoping for some more authentic asian food while in Philly, and the bf was craving dim sum like no other. We went the wrong way to go to Chinatown and ended up here, and we had no time to backtrack so we just decided on this place since there was in fact a big sign that said" DIM SUM-EVERY DAY".

Meh is all I can say to describe this place. It was spacious and all but the food was not spectacular in the least. All the usual items I order were just ..ok. And super greasy. It wasn't even satisfying after a night out at various dive bars.

I'm sure Philly has way better options than this.
I had Dim Sum here on Sunday. It was OK. Normally, I just review restaurants that I really LOVE or really HATE. This one is just OK.

We normally go to Saigon Maxim for Dim Sum. I like their Dim Sum better (so perhaps I will write a review about them, too).

Wokano was fine. They had most of the standard fare. My complaint was that almost everything seemed cold. I don't expect that my dim sum is going to be "lava hot" but, here, one thing was "lava hot," and everything else was unappetizingly cold. It may have been that it got cold sitting on the table, but I'm not a notoriously slow eater.

My husband enjoyed their beef balls (again, I thought they were cold, and while I can handle that for dumplings, balls of cold beef are not my thing, har-har-har). 

I enjoyed the giant crab ball. I think it was mostly shrimp, but it was a grapefruit-sized ball of breaded, fried, crabby, shrimpy yumness.

The service was OK, and they actually came around to refill waters, which, for Washington Ave. service makes them pretty much 5-Star. 

Finally, the prices seemed higher than Saigon Maxim. While we go there and can barely make the $20 min for a credit card purchase even after stuffing ourselves stupid, here the total was $29, and we didn't really put on our best showing. I bet it was the giant crab ball. That was one thing that was definitely worth it, though. :)
I'm almost 99.9% sure there is no authentic dim sum restaurant in Philly that has good service. That being said, the food here is superb and I never leave without a full stomach. I've been here countless amount of times since I was young and the food has been consistently great. My favorite dim sum dishes are the seafood shumai, bean curd, and shrimp rolls! Never disappoints. Tip: just stare down a waiter and they'll come right to you. It's awkward, but it gets the job done
Had dim sum here on a Tuesday. Place was quiet, not crowded, and relatively clean. Waiters and servers were friendly but not overbearing. We ordered the following items:

Pork Shu Mai - Freshly steamed, authentic and delicious.
Steamed Pork Ribs - Decent, with tender meat that fell off the bone. Went for seconds.
Shrimp Rice Noodle - Went great with the sweet soy sauce they put on top.
Shrimp Dumplings - Fresh and tasty.
Sticky Fried Rice - Not the best I've had. Did not finish.

Prices here are incredibly reasonable on weekdays, though the servers mentioned that the price goes up when it gets more crowded on Saturdays and Sundays. Even then, at $2-4 a pop for a dim sum plate, things can't get too expensive. My girlfriend and I spent about $25 total for a heaping of dim sum that left us nearly too full to function.

As an LA transplant, I grew up surrounded by delicious Chinese and Asian food - so I've always been on the search for good Asian food out here in Philly. Sadly, my search hasn't always proven fruitful - but this time, I was pretty impressed. In my humble opinion, this is one of the better dim sum places that I've been to in Philadelphia. I'll be back here soon.
Great food and all the dim sum favorites served every day of the week!! Chicken feet, pork and seafood shumai and bean curd are the standouts here. Very pleasant going during the week. Saturdays and Sundays are much busier typically. Convenient if you are in South Philly and don't wanna make the travel to China town.
I was disappointed. The food was just OK. Not much variety. It seemed like they only had 3 carts. They were out of sesame balls and I arrived at 11am. I chose this restaurant because of the free parking. Hmmmm. I don't know if the convenience of the parking lot is worth another trip.
Sunday is for dim sum, or at Wokano, every day is for dim sum.  

This place provides decent dim sum to satisfy a taste for dim sum and more parking options than you'd get in Chinatown, but options were limited for someone with a fish allergy, especially because their pork shu mai has shrimp in it.  Fortunately you can always order from their menu, so my fish allergy and I didn't starve this morning.  The dim sum options seems to be limited compared to some places I've been in Chinatown, but what was available was yummy, including my first taste of chicken feet.

Since any place South of Washington is walking distance for me, I would definitely visit this place again when I'm overpowered by a craving for dim sum!
I've been here before, prior to my Yelp days, and now I remember why I don't  come here often. Our party of 5 came here for dim sum on Sunday. This is prime time for dim sum. This is where you bring your "A" game Wokano. Instead, your best efforts only got 2 stars overall. The food is 3 stars. A few dim sum staples are here, hot and in abundance. But damnit, I need more than just ha gow (shrimp dumpling) and the congee cart circling our table for an hour. Where's the rest of the food? 

The service is subpar. The staff here is pleasant but maybe just under staffed and overworked. It took them over 10mins to greet us and seat us. There were more than enough empty tables. After grabbing dim from the first 3 carts, we sat there for 30 mins wondering "is this it? Is there anything else?".

I Wish: 
-more variety
-more staff

Tip: There are 2 entrances. The hostess only greets you at the entrance closer to the parking lot.

I left Wokano hungry and disappointed, again. There's potential for Wokano to capture the dim sum market in South Philly but they'll need to improve to steal some of the Pho & Vietnamese food market share.
Inconsistent. 

Wokano leaves me more confused than those girls in UGG boots, mini skirt , long sleeve hoodie  and over-sized sun glases - are they hot or cold ?  Is Wokano god-aweful , half-way good, or fucking amazing ? 

Dim Sum is the most puzzling.  When I go to Dim-sum in the middle of the week (when it's much cheaper) I suspect that I am being served left overs from the weekend. There is a stale tastelessness to my food that correlates with the reduction is price.  Yet, when I go on a busy Saturday morning, the dim-sum is fresh and delicious.

I've had service here that was quite pleasant. I've also had service where I've had half a mind to throw hot oil in a server's face. You have to flag  down servers as if you're hailing a taxi on Broadway and  cups are rarely refilled. 

But they stay open when Philadelphia is very much asleep. And when you order from the menu you generally get very good food, but dim-sum is a game of roulette. I think Wakano is a 2.5 . As I think most of China is a pile of junk, Wakano is a relief for us South Philadelphians who don't want to bother with walking  two miles for sit-down Chinese.
It's the on the corner of 11th and Washington Ave. I'd say this is the best dimsum in south philly. There's no line compared to chinatown but the quality is still good. NO LINE, I repeat, NO LINE. so yeah that's all I needed to know. 

The reason I'd give it a 4 is because service is kind of slow. They have all the dishes that the places in chinatown have but it's definitely easier to find parking here. 

I'd def come back to this place!

They take card too ( might be a min like 15 or something)
Literally the worst service I have ever experienced in my life.  My family and I came in that evening no greeted us. There were a lot of open tables, but we weren't seated until 30 mins after. When we sat down the table was so dirty, and no one bought us any water or tea. We sat there for about 20 minutes and I had to get up and asked for water. A waiter came and when I asked for duck, he told me that they were out but he spoke in a very hostile manner. Since they did not have what I asked for, I asked for something else and in the middle of telling him what I wanted HE WALKED AWAY. Rude. After at least another 20 minutes (we have been there for an hour) he came back, and took our orders. 

We waited for almost 2 hours before our food came. Our food came out cold? Like did they not cook it??? 

I paid $200 for terrible service and awful food. I'm never coming back.
The waitress look confused and service was horrible. There was only one Dim Sum person pushing the food cart. The selection were limited,  food was O.K. These folks need a customer service course. I would consider takeout then dine here again.
Wokano is a decent dim sum restaurant on 11th street in South Philly. The parking lot here can get really crowded but there is decent street parking. The place itself is a decent size with windows all around which make it brighter and a better setting than most other dim sum places in Philly. 

Dim sum is pretty much the Chinese version of brunch where servers will come around with different carts of food ranging from pastries to congee to steamed shumai. The menu is usually similar from restaurant to restaurant with a few being specific to that restaurant, Wokano does not have this and has one of the smaller selections that I have been to. The food itself is okay, edible but there's nothing special I can say about it. They also do offer a variety of teas to choose from.

What makes Wokano appealing is that it is not in a busy area and convenient to get to. It is one of the few Dim Sum restaurants in the city but not in Chinatown which is can get really crowded on the weekends and tough to park at if you're driving. Wokano, although not the best dim sum in terms of taste is easier to get to by car or the subway which lets you off 2 blocks away. The place is good enough if you want a peaceful meal and avoid the crowds on a weekend.
I have been here many times. The service in the later day around 3, is not as good as it is in the early morning around 11. My most recent experience was great. The food was delicious, the service was fast and the price was good.
We go here pretty often...we always received very patient and attentive service...everyone is super nice not always overly crowded which is something I like...my parents enjoys a nice chinese style dinner here... every time all the kids are back in town some of our favorites aren't on the menu like the lobster clay pot with clear noodles or the jelly fish salad...we mainly enjoy seafood here .... waiters are always ready to provide us with suggestions...to fill our table top up with delicious choices...yummy

Even better is there is private dining available on the second floor...it's great for a gatherings...
Worst service ever the food was gross oily and dirty. I would not come here again it is just simply disgusting. The teacup have oil and lipstick stains.some of the theme song taste like overnight and microwave food.
Do not go here. My son went there last month  and his whole family got food poisoning. I went there today and it feels like someone shot me in the stomach. I have gotten food poisoning before but this is one of the worst that I can remember. It is 1 am and I cannot sleep my stomach holiest so bad. The waiters can't speak English and their service is horrible. If I can give this restaurant negative stars I would.
I'd 5 stars because this is "as good as it gets" for being average dim sum with GREAT selection, ease of parking, average prices; however, come for late dim sum (like after 1pm) and your custom order might not quite get to you (see below)

It offers Chinatown dim sum with a fantastic selection - I love that they have carts regularly going around with chuong fun (with beef, shrimp, or the crunchy asian cruellers) in addition to the large selection of dumplings, siu mai (shrimp and nonshrimp/meat+veg/peanuts), ha guo, spicy and regular/red/sweet chicken feet, taro and turnip fried cakes, great congee selections, buns, etc, etc, etc.  Even the places in Chinatown doesn't usually offer such an extensive selection!

One thing to remember though, if you come late for dim sum like 1pm-ish, you may have to wait on your selection because they don't necessarily keep the carts fully stocked.  Although the wait staff is really polite and friendly & will be more than willing to make radio the kitchen and place an order to the chef to make your selection (which is a big plus).  Just be willing to wait in this case for your selection and hope they don't forget about you.  However, the biggest minus for them as that we waited for our plates and another party came along and asked for the same thing; so when our 2 orders came out, the waitstaff gave one of them to the other party which really pissed us off.  We waited on our two orders and wanted our two orders; not for them to give it away after we waited!

Other than the late dim sum visit where they gave our order away, I've had very good experiences here & highly recommend it over many places in good old crowded Chinatown where you may spend an hour looping around for parking and still get rude service and possibly similar poor selection.
4 - for food, 4 for ambience, 3 for variety of carts

Setting: Walked in with the two of us on a Sunday 11AM lunch time. We were able to be seated promptly. 

Ambience: Bright, not overly crowded, much more quiet compared to Ocean Harbor, the staff were not rude and yelling at us, we did not feel rushed

Service: The carts came around regularly, but there was a general lull after about an hour. 

Food:
Chicken feet - pretty classic

Pork spare ribs - we actually got two orders of this, they were rich in flavor, well salted/spiced

Sticky rice - a little on the salty side

Pork shumai - standard

Crispy shrimp balls - probably the best thing on the carts, they are light, crispy, jam-packed with flavor - must have!! and not seen at Ocean Harbor

Congee - nice depth of flavor, filling

Tips/Takeaways:
-Must get the crispy shrimp balls
-Free Parking
-Credit cards accepted
-Quieter and less of a rude atmosphere compared to Ocean Harbor
-Would recommend for your Dim Sum cravings regularly, recommend every 3-6 months
Went back for more since I'm head over heels in love with their dim sum service  was definatly more attentive then usual and from my last experiences.

However I had to ask for sugar 5 times they must have thought I was crazy. But hey I'm American and enjoy my tea sweet. 

Aside from that food was delicious as always and of course I'll be back. Service can always be more friendly. But hey willing to deal with the lack of politeness for their orgasmic dumplings
Edit: went there today for dinner, and the soup was cold and we had to ask them to heat it up again. We had $60 worth of food in the original bill that was given to us, +18% tip would have been $71. but when the server came back for us to sign the credit card receipt it became $65. An additional $5 extra was added in our bill so we ended up subtracting $5 off the tip. Make sure you double check the bill after they ring it.

Good food, fast service, and good price value. The pork bun or steam bun is not as big in size that I would like but its okay. I definitely would come back and recommend to friends.
This place has become the standard dim sum place for my family and I. The dim sum here is not out of this world, but it is close to our home and offers ideal parking compared to Chinatown. One thing they do very well though, better than all the dim sum places I've been to, is their chicken feet. If you like chicken feet, you'll love the ones here. They chop the chicken feet in half, which makes it easier to eat in my opinion, and cook it to the point where the skin comes right off the feet. It's seasoned perfectly and really does taste very good.

The selection here isn't very large when compared to Chinatown. But it includes everything you associate with dim sum. They have a deep fried shrimp ball, which is different in that it looks like they used some sort of noodle instead of coating the shrimp in flour to fry it. It looks good, and in all honesty, tastes pretty good too, as long as you can get over how oily the bottom of the ball is while it sits in the paper cup/wrap. 

There is one lady who always serves us for dim sum, and she's pretty familiar with our family by now, yet I still have no clue what her name is, (though maybe my parents know). Anyways, despite being familiar, she nonetheless will still try to put a bunch of dim sums that you've never ordered onto your table. Mostly, it's the Siu Mai Wong, or shrimp Siu mai, which we never want since we prefer the regular pork Siu mai. STOP HER! Do not let her get away with putting things down that you don't want, unless you're open to trying new things and it's your first time dim summing. Otherwise, stop her, and just order what you want if you know what you want.

Sometimes, the food in the carts will be cool, despite having a burner going on at the bottom of the carts. There were a few times when we've asked her of the food was hot, and she'll say yes after feeling the plate. Well, the plate was warm, and the food was cold. You can always ask them to reheat up for you though. 

There are a few things you have ask the server to order from the kitchen, as they never come out in carts, but I prefer it this way since you'll know it was freshly made and will be hot. These are the rice noodle Rolls. There's the shrimp rice noodle roll, the beef one, and the fried dough one. The only person who likes the beef one in my family is my mom. We definitely always get the shrimp rice noodle rolls and the fried dough, which is a family favorite. Order these in the beginning when you sit down for dim sum as it will take a while to come out, at least the fried dough one takes a while. 

I've also had dinners here, and they were good. My family really enjoys their crispy chicken, especially the garlic with fried onions one. We did have one bad experience with one order of that chicken once, but my parents told the owner and were reassured that it wouldn't happen again( I have my reservations about that). This place is a 3.5 for me, but I'll round up, since their chicken feet really is the best, and the fact that it's in a plaza with a parking lot, so parking is a cinch. After a good meal, you can even walk over to Hung Vuong supermarket to get your grocery shopping done. Very convenient!
The owner screamed "give tip for she cleaning the table!" Looking for $1 I pulled out a couple $5 bills from my pocket and told him I had no change; I didn't have a dollar bill. Sorry. 

As we were enjoying our food, my partner saw the waitress stare at the tip a customer left on the table, and she walked away. The owner took the tip; change in his pocket and dollar bills in a bucket in the back. (I am telling you guys your tips are not going where it was meant to go.)

On top of this, the owner decided to charge me extra for some of my food this time and the last time I ate here. He charged me an extra dollar for a bowl of soup. $1 ain't much you would say, but think: a dollar from every customer that walks through those restaurant doors can be a fortune to them. 

Look at my receipt picture. I asked him to give me a itemized total of my bill; he increased the food price before "taxes."

Dim sum was a little cold this time. One star bc he let me eat there after not tipping him the last time. This is the last time I will eat here.
Came here for brunch this morning, first of all I never knew that dim sum was traditionally a brunch food. This place is no frills although they have multiple crystal chandeliers. Servers walk around with wiggle metal containers filled with dumplings, buns, ect. I love that you can see the food before deciding, especially since most of the menu is in Chinese! The congee (porridge) is hearty and delicious. I left super full and the bill was less than $50 for 3 people. Cheap and tasty!
Grew up eating dim sum and they definitely have all the traditional dishes. Beyond that the staff is always so kind to my kids. Fast and parking on site. We go often.
I've been here a number of times and each time, I haven't been disappointed. This place has much better dim-sum than most places in Chinatown, AND parking is a plus. They serve dimsum on the daily, so if I'm craving it throughout the week, it's nice to know that they're around. They have decently sized portions and the food is always really delicious! Never have any complaints about the food. The weekends are of course, always more packed than the weekdays, so the experience is not always the best on the weekends... I usually spend somewhere around $10-15 per person and leave very full!
Don't do it. Dim sum ridiculous imposter. Picked up $70 order last week. Sorry I drove up from Wilmington and wasted time money and last entry to Philly for a while.
I have to say the experience was saltier than their salty fried rice. 
I have eaten with family and friends before and sometimes order take out from this restaurant. It is clear that over time the quality has deteriorated more and more. I will no longer be visiting this restaurant ever again.
I got takeout for 2 orders of the Salty Fish Fried Rice. Not only was there no actual fish in the salty FISH fried rice, the restaurant replaced it with tiny, cheap, dried shrimp. The rice also tasted burnt and looked brown/gray. The food looked like it had been reheated several times and burnt (see photos). The quality of the food is disastrous and the food was inedible. 
I would also add that when I came to pick up the order, no one was present at the cash register and I had to wait a while to pick up my order.
First time here! Usually, I check Yelp before visiting a joint. If I saw there's only 3 stars, I will most likely not eat there. Howeverrrrr, we came. We ate. We left very satisfied!

Came around 1:30-2pm. Super dead, they check temperature & hand sanitizer is provided then we got seated.
We ordered turnip cake, stuffed fried tofu, shrimp dumplings, sticky rice, beef tripe, bean curd skin roll, golden egg bun, pork shu mai, fried shrimp pork dumplings, shrimp rice noodle, and oolong tea.
Yes, I know. We over ordered. I always do. It's okayyy, I love leftovers lol.

I wish tea pot had a strainer cause I don't really like tea leafs in my cup, but whatevs. The food thooo, it was fast fresh and good!! Like, EVERY. SINGLE. ITEM. WAS. GOOD!! My most fave was the fried shrimp pork dumplings. It's the ones that are shaped like a football. Never had it before & it was delishhh!

Service was good. Typical fast, straight forward Chinese/dim sum service yaknow.

Definitely worth a visit! 10/10 would rec :)
I've been here a few times. Each time was overpriced. Here is today's bill: $28.50 for the following: two plates of har gow (shrimp dumplings, 4 per order), one tofu skin roll (3 per order), one shrimp shu mei (4 per order), one pineapple custard bun (3 per order), one crab claw, and a Coke. WHAT??!!!!!! This food is seriously overpriced. The har gows are good, the shu mei is okay, the tofu skin rolls are seriously greasy, the crab claw was the most disgusting crab claw I've ever eaten. Perhaps the best part of the meal was the pineapple custard buns. I knew there was something fishy when the servers marked almost every plate as "extra-large" or "large". Since when are har gows considered an extra-large plate? This place should go out of business, the sooner the better!!! The only good thing about this place is the free parking. DO NOT GO HERE!!!
