Welp, yelp, once again I'm goin' against the grain here and have to give a good review. We felt like pasta and salad on a chilly Sunday afternoon and turned to yelp for a close location. Which brought us to Wolf Street Pizza and grill. We placed our order and only THEN did we see the dreadful reviews. Aghhhhhhh! Too late. Braced for the worst, we waited. 


Delivery arrived in 30 minutes from grub hub. We were pleasantly surprised by the nice packaging and HUGE portions. Salads were nice quality mixed greens with hand cut cukes, onion and cherry tomato, nice soft Italian bread and what seemed like a pound of pasta in each serving. I got meat sauce and my hubs had vodka sauce. Both were excellent. My only gripe was we ordered linguini and we were given spaghetti. No big deal. We have days worth of leftovers and the price was very reasonable. There is a "happy hour" pasta price that can't be beat. We will try that next time. 

I can't speak to the pizza since we haven't tried it but from the delivery complaints maybe just use grubhub or uber eats. Our delivery was super quick. 

Maybe this place changed hands since all the bad reviews. Who knows? All I can say is we really enjoyed our meal and felt the quality was good. Portions were generous.
Terrible service. Ordered a special with jumbo pizza, 25 wings, and a 2 liter bottle of soda. Order arrived 45 minutes later than when they said it would deliver. Delivery guy hands me the pizza and soda, I asked him about the order of wings and he said he didn't have any for my order and to call them back. Upon opening the pizza, it is burnt and stone cold. Completely not edible. Disgusting. They offered me a $10 refund which doesn't cover even half of the order that we didn't ever receive, plus an entire pizza that had to be thrown away because it was disgusting. Will never order from here again!
When you hear Deep Dish Chicago style pizza, what do you expect?

I'm from Chicago so when this place says deep dish on the menu, I was pumped! A little far away, but the cheese configuration was worth the delivery, I thought. Instead, I had an experience with customer service and a sad stomach. 

I can't eat much cheese anymore, so when I order a pizza, I plan the best types from places with ones that I really want! so when I got a normal, cold pizza with wrong toppings, I was confused. I called to see if I was sent the wrong order, but they said that's what their Chicago deep dish pizzas looked like. I asked my my money back, because I didn't even want to bother trying it, but they refused, just refunding for the missed topping. Then they closed for the night and by the next day, my problems were swept under the rug and they said no refund. I was stuck with an incorrect pizza in the fridge and no one to eat it. Tried a slice and threw the rest away- even if I had wanted thin pizza, this wasn't a great one. I want to start a petition to change the name of their Chicago Style Deep Dish to stop unsuspecting fools like me. Be warned!
...i instructed the driver to come to the side door, but he went to the front door, which is a different tenant ...the driver forgot my drink ...he brought it back, but it was the wrong drink ...i called the shop, they informed me they don't carry the drink i ordered, even though it's on grubhub's menu, so they just substituted it with what they have (i don't drink pepsi) ...the pizza had almost ZERO cheese on it (see pic) ...the fries were under-cooked and VERY soggy ...they did'nt cut my sandwich in half (which, i admit, is a small thing, but, on top of everything else, was very annoying) ...it's like they just threw my order together, rushed it out, and did'nt give a crap about quality. (to give credit where it's due: the steak was very good)
I will start this review off with a caveat rhet I ordered my food through a rhidd part delivery partner and did not pick up food in person or eat at the restaurant. With that being sad I was extremely disappointed in this food. I'll break down every item I bought and the issues I had. First I ordered a key like pie slice, what I got was a piece of cheesecake. I will say it was a pretty good cheesecake slice but not at all what I ordered. The panzorotti was solid in the beginning but by the time I got to the cheese on the bottom it was like chewing through a block of mozzarella that had not been broken down or melted properly. The pasta we had, had a great sauce to it, but the noodles were kinda clumped and stuck together and the shrimp did not taste fresh. Last but not least the pizza, first the cheese again was not melted all the way through and was king of clumpy, it was also all over he box just a gigantic mess, again it was delivered so I don't blame the restaurant for this. The dough was also very chewy and overall I made it through about two slices before I called it quits and just did not want to finish it. 

What I will say in this review is something I try to say in every review, this is just my opinion of a meal I ordered one time on a delivery, the reason I say that is the food could be amazing in person, but I can say getting it delivered may have been the downfall of this entire meal.
Had a piece of metal in my chicken parm sandwich from 5/7. Called them to tell them, and was told i was wrong and basically go f*ck yourself. I work in the industry and I dont do this ever, but whoever the girl on the phone on Sunday 5/9 @ 8pm needs to be taught how to handle situation better
I haven't really found a consistent pizza place for delivery until now. 

Wolf Street not only has excellent pizza (my favorite is the New Yorker specialty pizza) but a wide variety of items on their menu which comes in handy when we have guests or one of us is in the mood for something other than pizza. While their burgers are just ok, they are good for a place that doesn't specialize in burgers. 

What impresses me most is their customer service, even on the most horrid of snowy nights their delivery persons are on time and always have a smile. They always thank me for my business and in today's marketplace this is something that is all too often forgotten. These little things are what keeps me coming back again and again.
Ordered delivery from here through GrubHub and it came on time and hot, so that's a plus.  

Got two 18" cheese pizzas for $26 or so (one with pepperoni) from one of their family deals (great selection if you wanna buy a large amount of food at a small discount).  Pepperoni was like $2.25 extra or something, which I thought was pretty steep, although it WAS good pepperoni.

Pizzas were good - not great - but definitely passable and greasy/cheesy enough to pair with some beer when you're sick of cooking your back-of-the-pantry staples during quarantine.  The pepperoni was WAY better than the plain (which didn't have enough sauce/seasonings IMHO), but the crunchy yet soft crust held up nicely on both.

Overall, I hate GrubHub but had some gift cards to use so landed on this place - one of many South Philly pizza joints.  Would I order from here again?  Maybe.  But I'd like to knock a few other places off my list first.
Good old Wolf Street. I think at this point we can call it an institution. They've got a following. If you're new to the immediate surrounding area, then this is the best you can do. 

The pizza is good. Sometimes the sauce can lean towards the salty side and sometimes the crust can be a bit too doughy. But overall they put out a consistent product. 

Counter service is less consistent. Sometimes you get sucked into personal conversations. Sometimes you have to wait to order while they finish texting or wrapping up their FaceTime convo. 

That's my biggest gripe...
I order from this place about a week ago.. The hoagie I had was one of the best hoagies I ever ate. But I will never order from here again because I got chewed out by the driver about the tip. Trying to explain to me the 2 $ for delivery didn't go to him and blah blah as if I was an idiot or something... It was very rude... And not professional at all...If he would have just shut up I had cash on me and was about to give it to him I just wanted the amount to even out on my card! Smh it's too bad because I really enjoy that hoagie but I having that experience the first time I even order from there made me not ever want to order again!
I reserve one star for places that are truly awful, either based on service or quality of food. We ordered off of Foodler, so service wasn't an issue, but the food certainly was. 

We ordered a pizza and mozzarella sticks. Nothing was transported in a heat bag, so everything arrived congealed. Mozzarella sticks only tasted good when the inside is still gooey and stringy. This was like eating a breaded piece of string cheese. The marinara sauce for dipping was so thin it was like the water from canned tomatoes. 

The pizza suffered the same fate as the mozzarella sticks. Not hot, not bubbling. The crust tasted like cardboard. I saved a couple slices for lunch the next day and had to toss it out after eating part of the first slice. I would rather stay hungry than eat this food.
I called for delivery and was put on hold for six minutes until I hung up and called back. My order was delivered wrong. I called to tell them about it and they could care less. Not even an apology. The girl said, "Well I didn't take your order I was across the street getting change." I asked for the manager and they said he was "busy" and the phone girl literally repeated everything I was saying to him. He didn't sound busy. 

On to the food.
- fries are soggy and gross. I asked what kind of fries they have while I was ordering. She said steak fries. These look like potato wedges to me? 
-mozzy sticks came clumped together in a ball. Very greasy. 
-I ordered two pizza rolls. They sent two pizza rolls that are really pepperoni rolls (undercooked also) and two steak rolls. Who ordered steak rolls? Not me! Since when is there pepperoni in a pizza roll? 
-I ordered a cheeseburger platter with American cheese and asked for wiz on the side for my fries. I got a plain burger with no cheese. Also no coleslaw like the menu states. 
-chicken parmesan sandwich and wings were good. 

I paid $70 for this meal and I'm very disappointed.
I really dread giving this pizza place ANOTHER low starred rating but I have to be completely honest.

We bought a Groupon for Wolf Street a week or so ago and decided to redeem it yesterday(Sept. 29). A $23 Groupon for $35 worth of food-a 20 inch plain pizza, 15 buffalo wings and a 2 liter soda. Hmm okay. I'm guessing the pizza is what, $20 or more and wings $10? Alright.

After buying the Groupon, I checked the reviews on Yelp to see that most people complained about extremely long delivery times and not so great food.  Perhaps, I should have checked BEFORE buying the voucher, ah well. The voucher was only good for carry-out so we drove about 5 minutes away to pick it up. The counter person was friendly and scanned in our discount and said it would be about 25 minutes for the food to be ready. So, we drove to Acme on Oregon Avenue to pick up some dessert.  We came back to Wolf Street about 5 minutes after the designated pick up time and Luis said that the pizza was lukewarm.  Soooooo, that means my pizza has been sitting out for a little while if he was able to carry the pizza with his hands UNDER the box. Problem #1.

Problem #2-We asked for a printed menu and the guy says "they're online" so no paper menus. Um, sir? What do you mean? I've never heard nor seen a pizza joint that didn't have printed menus. I go online to their "website" and it doesn't exist. It directs you to Foodler and Grubhub. AH HA!! Now I know why there are so many damned complaints about delivery times. Call us old fashioned or whatever but, I need a menu I can have in my hands . What about people who just walk in and want to order? How does a customer KNOW that they aren't being bamboozled into whatever prices you choose to give them? Just seems shady to me. No accusations here, just my personal opinion. I'd give anything to bet that the average person ordering from a pizza place does not go online to do it. They have a stack of menus on the coffee table and go from there. 

Problem #3-The pizza was cold by the time we got home and mind you, we live five minutes away. Had to add my "pizza seasoning" to enhance some flavor and we had to reheat it in the oven. One measly star for the size of the slices, think of Lorenzo's pizza slices. The wings were horrible. They fried them and just threw on some cheap "hot sauce" . Most of the wings were dried out and had little to no sauce on them.

Luckily, Groupon had a sale and I only paid $8 for that voucher. Never the heck again. A $35 value, my foot...UGH!!!!
Wolf, please do Philadelphians a favor and go out of business. Your pizza and wings are disgustingly soft, cold and bland-- which perfectly matches your service. Save your time and money and order elsewhere.
Ordered from Wolf Street Pizza without checking the reviews and when it was on it's way I was shocked to see that it had such poor reviews on yelp when it was considered top rated on grubhub (maybe grubhub has users that are easier to please?)  My expectations were lowered immensely and I prepared to be waiting for my food for a long time, I almost warmed the oven to have it ready for late cold pizza delivery. However, the pizza arrived in less than 30 minutes. Let's start with the Crust. The crust is your standard mass produced pizza crust. You know the kind, it is semi soft, rarely crunchy and has a lattice imprint on the underside of the crust.  The sauce, well, if there is one thing I cannot say about the sauce, is that it's bland. This sauce is exploding with flavor. Think of a delicate sanmarzano crushed tomato sauce with a bit of fresh basil and imagine an extremly highly seasoned viscious tomato sauce that is so thick, salted, and spicy that it resembles a marinara sauce. It is packed with flavor... although I don't know if it's a very desirable flavor. Lastly is the cheese and pepperoni. This is where they messed up. The pepperoni is great, it's a nice dark greasy beef pepperoni that curls and crisps on the edges while having a molten pool of rich olive oil in the center. The cheese however is a very low moisture mozzarella with a low fat content, it's a very dehydrated cheese and cheaper pizza places will often use it because it has double to triple the shelf life of fresh mozzarella. The problem is that because the sauce is so high in salt and because the cheese is so low in moisture, the liquid released from the cheese upon melting in the oven cannot dilute the salt content from the sauce and the surface stays intact and dehydrated. So the cheese doesn't meld into the sauce it forms a raft that slides off the pie when the delivery driver is making right turns on yellow lights. Where if they used a higher fat and higher moisture mozzarella, it would have melted very evenly at a much lower temperature. This is the type of cheese that we see when we see a pizza slice being lifted from the pie and the cheese stretches out off the slice and down to the cheese magma below. What's worse is that the cheese they use ends up not just being tightly attached in a raft, but when bite into the cheese it has a bouncy firmness to it that turns very solid when the pizza cools down for a few minutes after you open the box. It's a struggle to get a slice of pizza out of the box without all the cheese sliding off or ripping all of the cheese off from the neighbor slices. It's not a bad pizza for midnight delivery, but when you have low quality ingredients, save the deliciously perfect pepperoni, you end up with a low quality pizza, and thats exactly what this is. 1 star pizza, 1 star for the pepperoni, and one star for fast delivery! Pizza science, Bitches
Friendly hometown pizza shop, good food, great prices....I visit at least once a week!
Will not disappoint. I have been ordering from these guys for the past 8 months now, and have been amazed every time. Their homemade rolls are amazing! Cheesesteaks and hoagies. They also have really good pasta dinners.
I have to say "I've always enjoyed their foods." Never had a compliant. They cook your food just the way you order it. My favorite is the cheese steak grinder with provolone cheese and fried onions. Their cheese fries are also really good. The pizza is ok. The buffalo wings are really good too. Its a great fast food italian take-out. Makes me happy in my tummy.
I've ordered from here before, never had a problem with the food or service, until tonight. 

I ordered a hoagie and fries for delivery, and got a little extra for my money-- A BAND-AID!!  Unwrapped, folded, stuck together, couldn't tell if it was used or not.  Thanks, Wolf Street, I appreciate the freebie!  Are you trying out a new, morbid Happy Meal Toy idea?  Do it. Run with that.

I never got to try the food, so I can't comment on their culinary prowess.  This one-star rating goes out to the nice delivery guy who came and collected the food AND the band-aid (they asked for it back...speaks to their knife skills and tiny first aid budget, perhaps?).  

Next time I get a paper cut, I'm ordering a hoagie and fries ASAFP!  "Wolf Street Pizza and Grill: The Jefferson Hospital of Food Delivery"
I have ordered from here multiple times and had to write a review. First time I order, I got some outstanding penne vodka and not only was it large but it was outstanding.

Since then I have tried a lot of the menu and have come away generally satisfied. Service is nice and delivery has never been an issue for me. Definitely 5 star based on price quantity quality and a deep menu to choose from. I will continue to keep Wolf Street in my rotation.
While the food was good, I took issue with the pricing. #1-  I placed my order on Foodler.com and received a total I was to pay in cash upon arrival.  Needless to say, the totals did not match when the driver arrived.  The prices on the Foodler website were cheaper than I was actually charged.  If you are going to advertise your food at a certain price then that is what you need to sell it at.  It is not my fault you have not updated your prices.  Unfortunately, this cut into the driver's tip because I had exactly enough for the original price.  

#2- I knew there was a .75 delivery charge, and this was added in handwriting at the bottom of the receipt.  However, upon further investigation, I found I had already been charged .40 for delivery through their computer!

So now I have been overcharged for my food and delivery by about 2 bucks.  No, it's not a lot of money, but they blatantly did not honor the posted prices (they even gave me the Foodler receipt with the cheaper prices on it in addition to their inflated receipt!) and then double charged me for delivery.  

Check your receipts people!
I tried a steak stromboli it was delicious and they are always fast with delivery even in the snow! The buffalo wings and panzarotti is delicious also!
Was there Saturday afternoon, not busy at all. Cashier gave me the wrong change. Ordered bacon wrapped shrimp, was missing almost half. Her response "they're bigger shrimp so you got less ". Which isn't true I get them quite often. It's a shame because their food is ok. But the customer service, is definitely a zero.
Very happy until I found a centipede in my cheese fries. I was very happy with the taste of the food, but I'll never order from this place again.
Top dollar for crap. 

I ordered Chicken Alfredo that arrived cold and nasty.
I wouldn't have rated any stars AT ALL, but that's not a choice,sadly.

My boyfriend and I ordered a pizza and mozzarella sticks.

We BOTH got horribly sick and will never be ordering from here ever again.
Consistently providing the wrong order, or when the order is correct, I receive a half-cooked panzerotti and soggy fries. Would give 0 stars if I could. 

If you're going to provide poor quality food, at least increase your customer service processes rather than telling a customer "Sorry, there's nothing we can do."
I wish I would have read the yelp reviews prior to ordering through caviar. The delivery was great and the food arrived hot, but YUCK. Their pasta is just not good. Their Alfredo sauce was so gross I couldn't take more than one bite.
I made a very simple order off Grubhub, a 2 liter ginger ale and stuffed manicotti. When the delivery came, the driver gave me a Pepsi. I told the driver the drink order was wrong and he apologized and I just kept the Pepsi. No big deal. When I opened up the rest of the order, I received stuffed shells that looked like they were prepared the day before and put through the microwave. Upset that my entire order was then wrong, I called grubhub and when they called the restaurant to ask what happened they blatantly LIED and told grubhub they tried to call me to tell me they ran out of ginger ale and ricotta cheese. ANY PERSON THAT KNOWS ITALIAN FOOD WOULD KNOW IN THEIR RIGHT MIND THAT MAKES NO DAMN SENSE CAUSE STUFFED SHELLS ARE STUFFED WITH RICOTTA CHEESE. Thankfully grubhub refunded my order, but I am moreso pissed they even tried to lie about my order instead of apologizing! Will never order again
I got a cheesesteak with fried onions and mushrooms.  I loved the roll.   This was another what I now call 'Cheesesteak light'.  There were a lot of fried onions or mushrooms that did not spend much time on the grill.  They did not have the same texture as your typical fried onions and mushrooms.  They tasted lighter and airier.  The meat was good but overwhelmed by the awesome Roll and light airy onions and mushrooms.  The cheese was pretty much lost in everything.  This was a very very very good mushroom and onion sandwich with some steak and cheese.  I like this Cheesesteak. It just has a much different texture than a traditional pizza shop cheesesteak.  Could I substitute different with better?  Good debate for another day.
The worst service in Philly. If you want to give up and get your money back after waiting 2 and a half hours to get your food this is the spot.
Unbelievable great Food!!It's been a while since we tried Wolf Street everything was good !!It was a pleasure talking to Joanne your great service
I ordered Uber Eats from Wolf Street today for my sons 5th birthday. The Uber delivery person left behind an entire pizza. Without hesitation, the restaurant offered to have one of their own drivers deliver the pie. It took maybe ten minutes. And they did this to rectify an error that wasn't even their fault.

Classy joint and they have my loyalty!

Thank you!!
The white lady with hat  at the front desk didn't do her job checking the order when I asked for pick up the order was ready and no one was bagging it just sitting at the baine Marie. She is addicted to her cell phone.
DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS PLACE...tried to order through phone, was advised to go through website...two hours had passed, was told "it's on its way it's on its way"- no delivery...then they stopped answering their phones...never received  my delivery, mind you my street is a block over from wolf st...I literally couldn't believe I was sitting around at 2AM after placing an order at 11:30, they just pocketed my money and ignored me...extremely unprofessional and disorganized.
This meal was horrible, I'm totally disappointed! Not sure what this mess , was supposed to be! So glad I stopped my friends who were eating in the dark watching tv
Two star because it was delivered in a decent amount of time. 

We ordered a margarita pizza and a hoagie. 

Margarita Pizza; it was by far the nastiest pizza we've had. It was overloaded with the sauce and the crust had such a weird taste. I thought maybe my taste buds are messing with me. But, my 14 year old took a bite out of hers and made a funky face expression and said that the pizza tastes weird. 
The ham and cheese hoagie also had a strong weird taste. 

I wouldn't be ordering from here again.
If you order from this place, you WILL get "something"
delivered.

But BEWARE!!!!! if you expect this place to follow simple instructions.

For instance, no matter how many times I write "PLASTICWARE MEANS A FORK, KNIFE AND SPOON, I a "GUARANTEED" to get just one of those things. And FOGETABOUT getting the napkins I ask for because Wolf Street Pizza expects me to use my pants or just eat by the sink.

"GRATED CHEESE ON SIDE, PLEASE"

"FOGETABOUT dude, we already have your money," is the ADDYTUDE at Wolf St. Pizza.

I've called this place over 1/2 dozen times and it doesn't matter what I say or how many times I say it!

"FOGETABOUT dude, we already have your money," is the ADDYTUDE at Wolf St. Pizza.

I believe in helping the handicapped, I really do. I have a minor physical handicap with walking myself, I walk with a cane because I need to, and people, complete strangers, help me out on a regular basis even when I don't really need someone to hold a door open for me or for a SEPTA bus driver to dip down the door for me.

I always thank these good and nice people.

But if Wolf St. Pizza can't be bothered with hiring someone to put the delivery orders together, someone who isn't blinder than a bat and who can an WILL read and follow simple instructions written in plain simple English, then all I have left to say to Wolf St. Pizza is....

FOGETABOUT ever getting an order from me again and FLUX YOU, IDIOTS!!!!!!!
Service is HORENDOUS. Food is actually good. Food. Not pizza.  Pizza is extremely mediocre.  The bread they make there is really delicious too. It's really the service.  So several times now we were told a time frame to come pick up our food.  It's never ready. I'm talking add another 15-20 minutes of standing there waiting.  Every time we call there,  it sounds like it's the person's first day.  Maybe it is.  Maybe they just can't keep employees.  Anyway I do hope they get their sh*t together.
This place was freaking awesome. The fajita pizza absolutely killed it. We tried an Italian hoagie as well- excellent french bread-type roll and great meats. Ordering is available by phone or we tried them on the Slice app. Thanks to Juan and Philly Food Review for turning us on to this amazing pizza shoppe!!!
Idk why the ratings are so low. They have the best pasta hands down. Their rigatoni a la vodka is unmatched. Period. 

Delivery is quick 

Chicken fingers are also rlly good!
Award winning Chicago deep dish? I didn't expect it to be just like the real thing but you could at least watch a you tube video to see what it looks like. Pizza hut has a thicker crust than this. If you are from the Chicago area or anywhere near the Midwest don't be surprised if you get this pizza and feel very very let down.
