Better than your average pizza. We got a meatball and a Marg pizza, first impression was "wow these pies are big." I'm all about bang for the buck and this place delivered. In addition to that they were quality. Good sauce, just the right amount of toppings, crust was above average. We'll be back.
Called in a large pie with extra cheese, mushrooms, sausage & caramelized onions. I'm usually not into toppings (given they are one of the most delightful things on the planet, mushrooms don't count) but the dude I was working with wanted the sausage and onions. Best pizza I've had in Philly.

The crust was perfect. I'm saying: FUCKING PERFECT... even after being boxed and walked five blocks!!! Thin, crisp, the texture was lovely... dare I say a perfect power-bottom???

The ingredients were fresh and high quality... all of it. Sauce was great. Sausage tasted like some boutique shit hand-made from a hog they stole off an Amishman in Lancaster County.

Shout out to the big tattoo'd cook. You fucking merked that shit son.

Gave them an expired card (not throwing it out... pics of my kids on it) and the girl at the register was too embarrassed (for me) to tell me it was declined and swiped it like 300 times, hahaha, before grabbing the cook for assistance. Possible slight exaggeration... anyway, gave them a valid one and forgot it when I grabbed the pie. Shout again to the cook for actually calling me to tell me I left my card there.   

Of note... their bread is Carangi's... they (and Sarcone's) make the finest rolls in Philly. 

One more thing... the pie was fucking huge. Like a Lorenzo's sized behemoth. Largest high-quality pizza I've ever seen or had.
I can't believe it but Philly needed another Pizza jawn.  Their pizza is delicious.  Quality ingredients and quality food all around . They're crust is tasty and it might be my new favorite pizza jawn.  

Their mozzarella sticks are made in house (I think) or at least taste like it, versus the Sysco frozen kind served everywhere else.

There are tables and bar tops to eat at for a slice while there.  

Currently (March 2018) only Postmates is doing there delivery. 

Street parking is fine though for pick up.
Im not a fan of negative reviews (I mean who is unless truly cold hearted) but I did not enjoy my pizza here. 

My friends and I got hungry after a chill after-work Friday evening of hanging out with some drinks. I NEEDED pizza and someone suggested this place because close by. Well my sister wanted a cheese pizza and I wanted pepperoni. They just take some pepperoni and put it on the cheese pizza then heat it up. We both agreed t was pretty bland (thin crust in case anyone was wondering). There also wasn't that much of a selection. My Friday night vibe was killed. 

The service was ok, decent-ish amount of seating land maybe the cheesesteaks are good (someone told me the meat is never frozen) but I'm a little wary of giving this place another chance.
Living literally one block away, I have ordered several times from Wood Street. I am shocked that this is my first review! Every pizza is made to perfection. I am not a big meat eater (no pork or beef) so I typically order vegetarian pizzas. I have enjoyed the margherita, the white, and the grandma pies. Perfect char and great balance of firm, yet soft and chewy pie crusts each time. I have also ordered the dry rub wings  and hand cut fries (PERFECTION).The wings could use a sprinkle of sea salt on the actual chicken prior to cooking. Other than that, the dry rub has a great balance of salt, sweet, and fire! 

The owners are a friendly couple. In fact, each employee that I have interacted with has been pleasant. Supporting locally own businesses is my jam! Given COVID, I am happy to see that Wood Street was able to keep their doors open. With so many businesses closing, it gives hope that supporting our local businesses keeps our communities thriving.
The Best Pizza Crust I have ever had!! Bravo Wood Street Bravo!!

First off, this pizza is magical and I mostly say that due to the Pizza even withstanding the same amazing taste when you reheat it in the oven no joke! I am a stickler for left overs as they never taste as good but magically the crust still was 100 and I mean that whole heartly.

Secondly, the pizza sauce is not too sweet which in my opinion will ruin any pizza (think Francone's Pizza) not sure why anyone likes that sugar added saucy sweet pizza but to each there own.

Lastly, I must reinterate the crust has the perfect crispness and not too charred. There is a video on there website or on here showing them cut their pizza and you can hear the audible crunch just from slicing this beaut!

I can't wait to try other high scorers on yelp like "Square Pie" in Passyunk to compare how it stacks up but please try this place ASAP this is the real deal!
So, I eat a lot of pizza. Probably too much. I know, blasphemy, right? Well, we're talking heart surgery at 35, too much. So believe me when I say I don't take naming a pizza shop my "favorite" place lightly...

Now, with that said, Wood Street is, unequivocally, my favorite pizza place in Philly. This honestly surprised me, since I do not typically go for the thin crust variety, but this place has seriously perfected it. 

The crust always has the perfect "crunch"; the sauce is flavorful, but doesn't overpower the slice; and they use top quality ingredients and mozzarella for their toppings and cheese. 

I've also somehow managed to order other things too, like the mozzarella sticks (), fries (), and meatball sandwich (). None disappointed. 

I'm that asshole who does not write Yelp reviews, despite how much I rely on them, but this is a relatively new place that me, my tastebuds, and my stomach NEED to see thrive, so I selfishly made an exception. Give it a try! Until then, I'll be ordering multiple times a week...
For what Wood Street is, it is top notch! High quality ingredients, made from scratch, and the menu has a little something for everyone. 

The Italian hoagie is delicious - you can tell that they have invested in quality meat and cheese. They have a pretty legit chicken sandwich, too. A few actually, the regular and deluxe (I believe that's what it is on the menu). We don't get pizza often since we make a lot at home, but when we have had their pizza, it's been pretty darn good if that's the style you are looking for. Their fries even do pretty well for takeout orders (we are a 15 min walk away - so how they old up is always something i grade). And we cannot for their mozzarella cheese sticks... yummy! 

Prices are more than fair for the quality of what you get and portion size. Throw in nice people, too, and this place is certain to not disappoint.
My two friends and I ordered a large pizza with pepperoni, mushroom and basil. We all agreed it was very good. Got to appreciate a place with fresh herbs! 

Only downside was that my friends ordered the wings and they were not happy about them because, "they were really bony, no flavor and it was as if someone bought packaged wings and smeared sauce on it." Don't get the wings and you should be good! 

That said, I'm not going to have the wings count against my review because I didn't have any. I would def come back for more pizza with extra basil! Yum!
MAJOR HEALTH CODE VIOLATIONS! The guy working here handled cash register transactions and then without washing his hands went directly to handling food with his bare hands! Not okay by any standards. Sad cause I really wanted to eat pizza here but couldn't order after seeing that!
This place is pretty legit. I know that Bufad is supposed to have the lock on this neck of the woods for making "rustic" style pizza, but let's be honest, sometimes that place just puts weird ass ingredients on some dough and calls it a pizza just to see if anyone will eat it. This place serves your traditional pizza toppings (pepperoni, sausage, veggie, etc.) with really fricken good mozzarella and a great sauce. 

I really hope this place becomes a staple of the neighborhood because it's obvious that the owner/chef/guy who is there all the time puts a lot of hard work into his food.
Solid neighborhood spot - Creative twists on the standards.  Pizza is super-thin crust but still has a chew.. All ingredients are top-shelf from the sauce to the cheese to the toppings.  Seeded roll was killer on the cheesesteak.  Seemed less crusty than a Sarcone's .. maybe a custom Liscio's?  Anyway, with high-grade beef, chopped JUST coarsely enough and blended with tangier-than average American, it is a high-end example, and goes in my top ten.     Someone had called the fries "limp?"  Ours were outstanding. Best in the city, as far as I can remember.  The only fries I recall competing are the Montreal poutine versions that these remind me of.

Fortunately, my son's apartment is only a few blocks as there is no seating, and it's not exactly Rittenhouse Square picnic territory.  The personalized notes are a nice touch, but no amount of well-wishing seemed to help Wentz :( ..
Ordered delivery and unhappy with the quality of the food. We ordered a meatball sandwich, 4 mozzarella sticks, and an order of 6 chicken wings. The order weirdly skimped out on one stick and one wing as you'll see in the picture. The wings were flavorless, dry, and watery from pickled cauliflower sloshing around with the chicken. The best part of the meatball sandwich was the sesame bread; the big meatballs smelled funny, a hint of freezer funk perhaps (?), and were very pork-y, so we just tried one and called it a day. I picked at the seeded top of the roll around the meatballs. Mozzarella sticks were the only thing we liked but again why leave out one? Was the restaurant low on ingredients and they decided, well, it's almost there? Was it a preemptive strike against our request for an additional ranch for dipping?? Mystery, but if that's the case, penny pinching and sorta passive aggressive service?
Wow -- an authentic NY Style pizza spot. 

This place is tucked on a corner in center city. Stopped to grab a quick bite before heading to the dance floor. We went to the closest restaurant in the area, not knowing the quality of food we were about to receive.  

I went for their sausage and pepperoni slice (I am not a fan of sausage pizza, but this slice might have been a game changer.)

Courtesy of the chef, we tried their Beignets... it was fresh, hot and just amazing. Will recommend to anyone looking for some good pizza.
It's really a shame that we didn't try Wood Street before the coronavirus, but we're certainly thankful that they were still kicking when so many other spots shut down at the start of everything!

We've never had the pleasure of dining in, which would clearly make their best items even better, but we've really enjoyed the food that we've had for takeout and delivery! Granted, we live very close, so we're able to get everything home when it's still pretty much at it's best (in delivery terms).

Their fried chicken sandwich special will hopefully stick around after all of this because it's what lured us in the first time, and it's one of those things that would really shine even more if I could sit in the shop and devour one (or two) in all of its fresh glory! The mozzarella sticks are huge and wonderful! If mozzarella sticks are your thing (they're mine), these are worth trying! They have a thicker breading, which might be turnoff for a smaller version, but the larger size of the cheese sticks provides a great cheese-to-batter ratio! 

Their pizza is solid, too. We don't do NY-style pizza often these days (we're more Neapolitan-style), but Wood Street has us remembering how good it can be! Pepperoni has been our go-to and is highly-recommended! Right now, they're even selling pizza kits for those of us who enjoy the DIY thing. We haven't used their entire kit, but they did let us buy just the dough, which we easily divided into smaller portions and used to make 10-12" pies! They were excellent and super convenient, allowing us to make pizza on a whim when I didn't have the time to make my own dough! Hopefully this continues in the future, because we'd totally keep buying tasty dough in a pinch! We also had their chicken parmesan and meatball sandwiches. Both are good, especially the meatballs! They're served on Sarcone's rolls, which is awesome!

Their staff has always been super cool, too! Everyone I've encountered has been friendly. They even drew our dog on the inside of our pizza box, which surprised us and made us smile! That tells you they're putting in some extra effort to not only make great food and make people smile in difficult times, but also to truly connect with their customers! As locals, these gestures are the things that will set Wood Street apart from the rest, and as long as the food is delicious, will help keep us coming back looooooong after things return to normal!

Check them out, and enjoy!
I ordered 2 meals here thru the TGTG app.  Somehow something had gotten messed up in the process and the manager was not aware that the order existed even though it was showing on my end.  He was so kind helping us get our meals despite the mix up.  

The food was absolutely delicious.  The sauce was some of the best pizza sauce ever.  My boyfriend and I liked it so much we decided this is our new fave pizza place and this will be where we order our takeout pizza in the future.
This pizza joint puts on airs like they have incredible wood fired pizza that will blow your mind. I haven't been impressed. They make a decent slice, but it's certainly not incredible or even memorable. Their prices are also a bit high for the quality. I've also eaten a couple of their non-pizza items and have been thoroughly unimpressed. The porchetta sandwich was actually kind of gross. 

If you're in the area and need a quick bite, it will do the trick, but I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
I'm a sucker for white pizza so when I saw they had some slices of white available I made sure to stop in for lunch. I had the white pizza with spinach, ricotta cheese, garlic, and crushed red pepper.  Overall, this was a very good slice. Crust was crisp, somewhat thin, and had a decent crunch. Cheese was tasty and sufficiently melted for a reheated slice. Granted, I wouldn't rate this as high as the 8.1 Barstool awarded, but I would give it a very respectable 7.6. Bottom line - definitely above average, but not exceptional. Recommend.
This is not a commentary on the food. For all I know the food is great. 

I'm in town visiting and Google puts me at 0.6 miles from these guys. They offer delivery, but told me I'm too far or that I should get an app for delivery. Their explanation sounded totally asinine. 0.6 miles is too far??? I guess business is booming that you can blow people off. Good for you. No, I'm not going to come pick up; I was too busy working, hence my request for delivery which you rudely dismissed. And I wouldn't want to pick up anyway, even if I did have the time. I don't care to patronize a place that doesn't much seem to give a damn. Good luck
Staff was rude, some misogynist vibes for sure. Came here once for a quick meal and found a hair in my fries halfway through eating them. Was already so over the place I walked out and didn't even want to get into it. The music they play inside also sucks, which may also be a factor as to why it was empty lol.

Would not recommend even out of pure convenience of a quick slice. You should walk to Spring Garden or into Center City rather than risk it here.
I ordered a pizza on the recommendation of a friend. I walked in and was greeted warmly, which is the only reason I gave two stars instead of one. I was informed that the prices have been raised due to the cost of expensive ingredients. I accepted this as I cook frequently and know the importance of high quality products. I brought the pizza home after paying 25 dollars for a large with half sausage. I was so excited to try it! So I get the pizza home open the box and see a thin crusted pizza with barely any cheese. I thought ok maybe it still taste good. I took a slice from the box and immediately could feel a thick coating of flour on my finger tips. I proceeded to take a bite. The crust was dry and flavorless. All I could taste was the flour on the bottom. The sauce and cheese were tasty but very sparse. For 25 dollars I thought there would at least be cheese on my pizza.
Decor/service: friendly staff and quick service. They currently do not have indoor dining set up. 

Food: the pizza had the wood fired flavor but really lacked the crisp you associate with a good wood fired pizza. The crust was average at best. The sauce was the real winner here as it was flavorful and the pepperoni was fresh. The real reason this is 3 stars is the price. The large pizza cost me. $27 with one topping! $27!!!!!!! Not worth that price
$29 for a large 2 topping pizza. Are you insane?  What a world we live in.  2 stars cuz the pizza was good, price point is absurd.
Ordered a well done cheese and fries for around $37. Had to wait about 1.5 hours for cold food. Didn't even read my notes. I hate it when you call a restaurant and they blame the delivery service. Called delivery service and they blamed the restaurant. Do not BS customers if you can't fulfill an order properly. Food is not even good. Cold Fries got too much salt and cold pizza (not the way I ordered) is disgusting. Will remember never to order from you again. Thanks for F'ing my dinner.
Almost $50 for a large pie w/extra cheese & half pepperoni and a small order of wings delivered. Wings were decent, pizza was missing both toppings and was possibly the most bland pizza I've ever tasted in my life.
This place missed the mark for us. The place was completely empty on a Thursday night. We ordered a pizza, wings and a salad. It took nearly 45 minutes to get everything. I wouldn't call anyone who worked here friendly. The wings were rubbery and had barely any sauce on them. The sauce on the pizza tasted like chef boyardee sauce, weird and sweet. The salad was fine but it's hard to mess up lettuce that is dumped out of the bag. The kitchen staff appeared unkempt and unclean. I understand they were making delivery orders but it should not have taken that long for what we got, considering the lack of traffic in/out of this place. Would try again, but wouldn't get the same things we got this time.
Good fries. Mozzarella sticks weren't bad but marinara was gross. The pizza just wasn't my type, it looked crazy. I won't be going back.
Great pizza salads and sandwhiches. The meatballs sandwhich hit the spot and the pizza and crust rock. At later date i had the wings and Caesar salad (real Anchovies, say what?!)  

Great new pizza/sandwhich spot in the Callowhill / reading viaduct area.
Pizza is solid, kinda smoky taste and the varieties are imaginative. 

Doesn't seem like these guys create a lot of waste in their daily operations which I respect.

Service is excellent and they have birch beer which always makes me smile.
These guys are killing it! Been here a few times now, and it has been on point every visit. The pizza is great - perfect combination of crispy and chewy crust, with fresh and delicious toppings. The sausage pie in particular is as good a slice of pizza as I've ever had in 27 years of living in Philly. Its really that good. I had a French dip here recently that was incredible as well. Highly recommend Wood Street. Already thinking about my next visit....
Ordered the 14" cheese steak pizza from here via Caviar delivery. I must say that the pizza was delicious, flavorful and had the most perfect crust however must complain about having to rip through it like a dog because no one bothered to slice it before sending it out! Would still order from them again however please... Get it together!
Different Cheesesteak #888.  Guest Eater Alex.  The good news; the meat, cheeses, fried onions & mushrooms are wonderful and work very well together.  They use a seeded sarcone's roll and it is magnificent.  The roll collapsed around the meat wonderfully.  Unfortunately I think the roll is way too big.  All of the ingredients were wonderful, they are just out of balance. Still scored 90/100.
Great pizza, tons of food, AMAZING chicken strips, a little expensive but they make up for it with a lot of food and great quality!
Really good pizza. Crispy crust, fresh ingredients, you can't go wrong here. Portnoy would approve.
Around 6pm on a Thursday I walked in. It was dead, no customers but 3 guys who were working there. None of the 3 males acknowledged me or said hello. I was going to buy dinner to-go but decided to walk out after the poor service I received as a first time customer. Guess I'll never try their food because they're too rude to say hello. Heads up, the parking lot behind this place is NOT part of the restaurant.
First time visit review. 

Had two slices of pizza. Not to be a copy cat but like another reviewer, I found them "pretty bland" -- for PIZZA!

Note, upon initially viewing them in the shop's glass display case (still with the pizza) I was extremely interested in having a go at them as they "appeared" yummy - that's one of the main reasons I was so let down. I should note, having said that I loved my onion rings. (They were clearly HEAVILY DEEP FRIED, though, so BEWARE...they're fattening as SHIT, in all likelihood.)
We live across the street and we're excited to have something so close. We have had pizza and sandwiches there a few times and have yet to be disappointed! Everything has been fresh , well seasoned and yummy. 
They need better advertising as the specials are out of this world . If I got a weekly or daily email or fb update on what kinda deliciousness to expect that day or week I know we would order more often. 
Keep up the good work guys! I cant wait for your fall comfort food selection!!
Ok...so I never write reviews...and I hate the fact I have to be the guy who prefaces his review with "I never write reviews" but I felt compelled after ordering from here a handful times and always being at least very satisfied to down right impressed. 
I order take out from here so I can't speak on their In house service but they are always very friendly and timely with my orders. I favor a couple dishes but everything I've had is good. 
Favorites:
Cheesesteak-they use this house made wiz which is delicious and is not as heavy and thick as your "wiz wit" accompanied by a fresh seeded roll...

French dip-amazing 9.3/10. They use rib eye and a creamy gruyere cheese...so good. My only beef (see what I did there) is the horseradish could be spicier

Good fries...love the mozzarella sticks(they were burnt once)...my fav is the onions rings...large real onions rings with a seasoned Panko breading...All the salads and and sides are on point. Cold sandwiches I don't ever get...  

And the best part of it all. THE PIZZA. I read the reviews before I posted this and couldn't believe the negative feedback on the za ...in a town where we are always looking for a "good pie" look no further...more of an artisan style pie with a thinner crust and fresh mozz...the pepperoni and sausage are real pepperoni and sausage and not your pizza topping pepperoni and sausage...you know what I'm talking about. And you don't have to hold the slice up in the air to let the excess grease run off or blot with a paper towel.  

Long story short...Eat here...you won't be disappointed
$21 for a large pizza? $4 per topping?? Two topping pizza plus tax and you're up to more than $30 for a single pizza... get outta here. No pizza is that good.
Edit: returned to Wood Street and explained to the owner the problems, he refunded me (plus extra) and apologized sincerely. 

We walked in and ordered a Caprese sandwich, Meatball sandwich, cheese fries and 2 sodas at 6:53 pm. It took until 7:45 pm for a worker to come up to us and ask what we had ordered, half apologizing once, and getting our luke-warm at best sandwiches and fries from the counter. It took another reminder for the drinks. After it being a highly recommended place for a QUICK bite, we are irritated and highly dissatisfied with our food. We come to Philly once a year for a weekend of gaming and we will not be recommending or returning. No offer of a refund or a real apology, either. There were 3 booths including ours full, the other 2 received their food very quickly.
I ordered a large pizza and fries. The fries were awesome, and is probably the only reason I gave this place three stars instead of two. The pizza was soggy and the toppings were average at best. I ordered sausage, mushrooms, and spinach, and while the sausage was pretty good the mushrooms and spinach both tasted like they came from a can. On top of everything else, it was incredibly expensive for the quality of the food.
Don't participate in the Philadelphia food festival at the Crystal Tea Room  if your attitude clearly suggests you don't want to be there.
As a New Yorker I was skeptical at best of trying a pizza in china town but to my surprise the guys here are knocking it out of the park. Awesome food, thin crust, prices are fair, my only critique would be that they were a little slow, with only one party of 5 ahead of us we waited over 45 minutes for just one pizza. That being said the environment was industrial and nice and I didnt mind waiting for such a good pizza.
We ordered several items here and other than the pizza and fries it would get 1 or 2 stars.   The pizza and fries 4 stars. The pizza and fries were great. Crust thin, nice flavor sauce. Fries thin and crisp. But the wings were horrible!. They were pale yellow. appeared to be boiled. Barely any sauce but doesn't matter since wings spongy and had no flavor. Wings need to be crisp. The blue cheese dressing tasted strange. A bit vinegary . Maybe turning? I make Blue cheese and at no time do I add vinegar. The chicken cheese steak had so much black pepper my husband could not eat it. Would only get pizza and fries here if returned.
I had like 15 mins left in my parking meter so needed a quick lunch. Stopped by and oh boy I'm glad I did. I got the cheesesteak and pepperoni pizza. The crust was so crispy but not burnt. The cheesesteak one was my favorite. The steak was so meaty and overall just a great bite with the cheese and crust. Pepperoni was also great. Will come back if in the area.
You can tell just by walking in that the guys here are confident about their food, and for good reason.

Loved everything we got:
- plain pizza: solid, really appreciated the basil
- buffalo chicken pizza: SO GOOD! best in the city, I think (also I prefer blue cheese over ranch)
- cheesesteak: exceeded expectations, high-quality ingredients and loaded with cheese

They seemed pretty busy, which was nice to see, but you might have to call a few times before reaching them.
Wood Street is in my top 3 pizza restaurants in Philly. The pizzas always have great ingredients, a good crunch and they taste great. It's surprisingly great for a quick one-slice, in-and-out situation. When we were able to sit inside, the atmosphere was always relaxed and unpretentious.
Stopped by to try a local pizzeria in the neighborhood. The place is very quaint. They used to allowed indoor dining but now it's simply just take-out l, which is a bummer but alas is understandable. 

I ordered a side of fries and a Margarita Pizza with chicken on it; I know the chicken if odd, but we wanted some protein. The fries were excellent. They weren't too soggy at all and were seasoned perfectly; the type of fries that you don't need any condiments for. The pizza was absolutely delicious. The mozzarella cheese was well portioned and placed with the basil adding the right touch to make it an exceptional Margarita. I also loved that the chicken was well shredded and not just chunks. 

Their menu looks awesome, I cannot wait to try more of their pizzas. I also love that they offer weekly specials to sort of change up things each week. Will definitely become a neighborhood favorite of mine.
I got into town to visit my dying brother. Checked in at Best Western at 8:30 pm.  I was hungry, they suggested Wood Street.  After walking the two blocks I was greeted with a locked door. They decided to close early,  must be nice. Never been and will never go again.  Unbelievable
Some of the best pizza I've had in Philly. Perfect cheese to sauce ratio, and thin like a true NY pizza. Crust is very crunchy on the outside and light and doughy on the inside. They had some art on the inside of the boxes as well that was super cute and appreciative of the business.
Cheesesteak had hardly any cheese and was very greasy.  Owner is argumentative, rude and condescending.
Delicious! A friend told us about this place a little over a month ago and I think I've ordered from them 1-2 week since then. We love their cheese pizza as well as the cheesesteaks!! If you're craving a NY style pizza, their large cheese is fantastic. Cheesesteaks hit the spot and are
Even better the next day after a quick oven toast. The staff is friendly and I love the thank you notes that come along with the order :) they're open late too!
So disappointed, was really looking forward to this pizza. First the pizza crust is way too tough, second we ordered a Caesar salad. The greens were very wet and even thought we said No anchovies... there they were ! We could not even eat the salad .... very much wanted to like this place
A friend and I were heading into the Underground Arts to see Beach Slang and wanted a quick bite to absorb a couple beers, so we took the brief walk over to Wood Street. Attractive building. Smallish interior and not much as far as slices available at 8:30 pm on a Thursday night. The place was completely empty, so not a bad move on their part. I took what I thought was pesto and red onion, but it was actually a spinach artichoke per the employee. It was a very fine spread on the slice, but flavorful and they had various condiments, plus some serious hot peppers on each thin community style counter table. The slices were only heated up for 60 seconds or so, which seemed to be the perfect time to rejuvenate the slice, so the crust was absolutely perfect with a hint of crunch on the exterior and chewy in the center. Very thin with no flop. I enjoyed every bite. My buddy had a pepperoni slice and he loved it, so while there were not many choices for slices, what they had on hand was very well done. I'll have to come back and order up a fresh pie to see what else this place has to offer. Prices look a bit steep, but slices were under $3 per.
I wanted to love this pizza but I didn't like it all all:( floppy, heavy, and not tasty at all. I ordered with a bunch of co-workers and all felt the same way. We ordered both the red and the white. I did like that they hand wrote a large "thank you" in each box. Probably will not try again.
This is a very solid pizzeria that serves up a huuuge 20" pizza at a very reasonable price! I think it was around $20, so I guess that works out to about $1 per inch... We had a large cheese pizza and an arugula salad, and were very pleased with both of them! This city has some reallllly good pizza spots, and while Wood Street isn't in my elite pizza group, they are still slinging some great pies. I've also heard that they have good sandwiches, so will have to try one next time.
This is a fantastic neighborhood slice joint. I have had a chance to read the other comments and I do agree that the slices here are a bit expensive and sometimes they tend to dry out a bit. 

That said, any of their whole pies are absolutely fantastic. The staff here is incredibly friendly and their Margherita and plain pies are really really good. 

I do think that these guys have some of the best crust on a pizza: it's cracker like and crispy but has just enough chew on the edges. 

If you're not in the mood for pizza give their sandwiches a shot. The veggie hoagie is my go to. It's a bit messy but really delicious and a really good bite.
Great pizza, huge servings, and great cheese sticks! We had the cheese steak pizza and it was super good.

Also recommend checking out the birch beer if you haven't. It's like root beer except 100% better :)
Was pretty disappointed with this pizza as the pictures online all looked pretty good. It was a late night pick up about 30 minutes before they closed.  Since we ordered a pie we had leftovers for a couple days. The worst part is every time we ate it we got heartburn. The better news is the staff was very friendly when I arrived.
We call most pizza in philly "philly style pizza" - aka no good. Well finally, we found Wood Street Pizza and now we are converts. The crust is delicious, the cheese has flavor, and the sauce to cheese ratio is right on. The flavor is NYC-ish and it's the best Philly pizza I've had in 10 years. As an added bonus, they do cute, custom designs on the pizza box!
