Authentic Chinese food.
You want Sweet and sour chicken go to the thousand of other restaurants in the area. Don't come here, you won't like it, and all you will do is jam up this small place with your ilk.

Excellent real food. You won't find dry noodles or duck sauce here.

I had the fabulous manager, who was so sweet and helpful order for me. She couldn't do enough for the customers and wanted to share her enthusiasm with all the customers.

I received a very spicey huge bowl of soup. Holy cow, this was spicy, but delicious.

The manager then brought over a HUGE plate of almost a roasted chicken, with Potatoes, Wide Noodles. This too was super spicy but very good.

Next time, I will go ALL IN and order some amazing very authentic food, like Pig Intestines...mmm good!

Fatty says... yes!
I had a craving for some not-so-healthy, food court-style Chinese food. The kind of stuff we referred to as "crunchy chicken" as kids. I know many of the reviews for this restaurant focus on some of the more traditional plates, but Xi'an Sizzling Woks came through for my basic cravings all the same. 

First off, I would have felt like a total loser if I didn't at least order something traditional/raved about in reviews. So I opted for the noodles with ginger scallion sauce. Unfortunately, I think these are probably best when ordered for dine-in. They were a bit dry and my husband didn't like them much at all. I was fine with them but they are the lone remaining item in the fridge. 

We also ordered (please reserve judgement at this time): egg rolls, scallion pancakes, general tso's chicken and garlic chicken. 1990 called and I was there to answer. 

In my opinion, this was the best Chinese takeout I've had in a while. Everything was packaged so nicely - no spills, and there were sauce packets, chopsticks and fortune cookies. The food tasted exactly how I hoped - hot and crispy, sinful and satisfying. 

I don't think my husband was as big a fan as me, but I was pretty happy with the order. I ordered via Eat24 and the delivery was roughly on time and prices were better than other spots I've ordered from in the recent past. I've already recommended the biz to another Yelper and will likely order from Xi'an again in the future.
Oh gosh, if you sincerely love noodles, spicy and sour flavors, this Chinese restaurant is definitely a must try for you. Xi'an Sizzling Woks cook up some scrumptious authentic food originating from the Shaanxi province of China. The noodles here are thicker, wider, and longer than the norm. Knowing all this, I was more than excited to finally eat here.

THE FOOD:

CHINESE HAMBURGER ($3.50)
Aka "Rou Jia mo" or meat burger. Served by many street vendors in China for around a dollar, it's also possibly the oldest sandwich/burger in the world. Usually the pork is stewed for hours and seasoned with dozens of spices and stuffed in a flatbread called "mo." Muslims in Shaanxi have also substituted pork for beef or lamb. But we ordered the one with "braised pork" and it was tasty. However, I thought the burger was on the dryer side. And Although the bread was well cooked and the meat was tender, it was lacking in terms of flavors. 

XI'AN LIANG PI ($4.95)
Literally translated to "coldskin." This noodles dish was mostly sour, a tad spicy, and tangy. Although I was underwhelmed by the flavors. I recommend trying this dish once.

DUMPLING IN CHILI SAUCE ($5.95)
Steamed and made with pork and chives wrapped inside dough skin covered with chili sauce. It was really delicious. The meat was flavorful and the sauce gave a nice kick to the taste. 

SPICY MINCED PORK NOODLES SOUP ($6.95)
Curious on how this bowl of noodles compared to other noodles soups. Firstly, it's sour. Not too spicy. The noodles are well done in terms of texture. But I'm not a fan of scattered meats floating in a bowl of soup. 

BIANG BIANG NOODLES WITH GARLIC SCALLION SAUCE ($5.95)
WOW, these noodles are GIANGANTIC. Being the noodles addict I am, my eyeballs almost popped out of its sockets when my chopsticks started to lift up these noodles. Though not completely tasteless, I wasn't a fan. It lacked a certain richness in terms of flavors and texture. But you should order it once if you never had it. 

FYI- it's called Biang Biang Noodles because it's named after the sounds chefs make when they pull an slap the dough on the table. How cool, haha. 

THE SERVICE:
Our servers were very friendly and gracious. This is not the case of the most restaurants in Chinatown! These four dishes are probably their most popular ones. Prices are very reasonable as the two of us shared five dishes of food for $29. 

Overall, the food here can be summed in 3 words:
Authentic
Affordable
Awesome

I'll have to return a few times here to test other items from the menu, but they've made a good first impression.
In Chinese food feud spanning two states, the original Xi'an Famous Food from NY contacted this Philly restaurant f.k.a. Xi'an Famous and asked them to change their name to avoid an infringement suit. Hence the new name, Xi'an Sizzling Woks. Since my first visit, the 10 item hand printed menu has expanded to a vast noodley menu that I had to explore.
 

 
1) Wontons in chili oil (hot appetizer section, $4.95) are a very different version that those served at local Szechuan joints like Han Dynasty, these are much larger and thicker, but no less enjoyable; more like the wontons found in wonton soup. Spicy chili oil, scallions, and sesame seeds covered these pork filled packages.
 
2) Shanghai bokchoy with green soy beans (cold vegetable appetizer section, $5.50) is a good cooling snack to munch on in between spicy bites of everything else.
 
 3) The Chef Recommendation section of the menu is a good place to get to know. The new menu includes a good amount of dishes you could find elsewhere. But the Chef's recs are the best place to order the real Xi'an style plates. This is where to find the signature Xi'an liang pi noodles. They were exactly the same as when I tried it on my first visit- spicy, slippery, almost as good as the  NYC Xi'an Famous Foods version.
 
4) The spicy sour minced pork noodles ($6.95) was served in a large bowl with spaghetti sized noodles and a "hot and sour" style broth. The menu did not indicate this was a soup and I was expecting something different, though I enjoyed the layered flavors of the soup.
 

5) We noticed an intriguing plate of noodles on the table next to us and our waiter explained it was the Sauteed spicy chicken and noodle plate, "good for a group," he said. The giant plate of noodles is definitely not for one person and was the most expensive thing we ordered at $16.95. The noodles were insanely wide and thick, and were unevenly torn which leads me to believe they were made in house. Under the noodles, a spicy sauce with hints of curry. On top of the noodles, pieces of moist chicken on the bone and potatoes. I loved this; noodles like this are so fun to eat. I doubt you could find anything else like this in Philly.
Chinese is always my last choice for dining, and history has been only when I was totally buzzed.  But at the suggestion of a friend, I decided to be a sport and go along for the ride, and I was sober at the time too.  

We split two of the dishes which got rave reviews in some Inquirer article reviewing Chinatown.   The first were the Lamb Skewers.  Six skewers with mini pieces of tough, fatty, gristly, overcooked lamb.  The second dish was more edible but had flaws.  The spicy chicken and noodle was nicely spiced, I like hot and hot it was.  All of the chicken were like thigh meat cut in two, on the bone and yes, the bone was cut, even splintered with loose bone pieces all around, watch your swallow.  The skin on the chicken was  wet and fatty.  As a matter of fact the sauce, which was a tasty 3 star sauce, was fat laden.  The chicken itself was tender and flavorful.   I am not a fan of these  rubbery, dense, long, awkward, stretchy noodles although my friend loved them.  I ate the potatoes instead.  The handful of veggies on the plate were crisp.  BTW, the watermelon smoothie was A-OK.

I never get a "clean" feeling walking into or after eating and walking out of any of these restaurants in Chinatown either.  No exception here.  I haven't been to Chinatown in over five years, and it may be five more years till I return.  "It's me, it's not you".  To be fair, my friend who likes to eat in Chinatown said this place was very good.
You know a Chinese restaurant is excellent when your Chinese mama wants go back. First, Chinese mamas are cheap. They've lived through famines, my friend, and justifying eating at a restaurant when they could make the same thing at home twice as good for half the price in the first place is halfway to a miracle. Second, if you get them to go to a restaurant and they don't like what they eat, there's no way in hell you're going to get them to go out with you for another month or so, at least. Third, they know good food. They're from the Old Country. They are the gold standard test for whether food is authentic or not.

So after dinner here, when my mom asked for the menu with her check, and then started planning out her orders for the next two nights, I knew we had a winner. I am not hyperbolizing, btw. We were only in Philly for four days and ate here three times. With our other dining companions, we've literally sampled half the menu. Full-on miracle, right there.

Mom's favorite dishes (I don't remember their menu names but I'm sure you can figure it out): spicy fish with soft tofu, spicy sautéed kidney, tea-smoked duck, pan-fried green beans with preserved vegetables, fermented glutinous rice soup with mochi balls filled with sweet sesame paste. I know some of that doesn't sound too appetizing but trust me like I trust my Chinese mama.

NOTE: Their name says Xi'an, but they actually make very good Sichuan and other southern Chinese dishes.

NOTE: the fermented rice soup is a dessert soup, but the menu doesn't have a separate dessert category, so it's listed under the Soup section. It's supposed to be the best in Philly, because they make it with their own house-made fermented glutinous rice. Just try and tell me it's not the Nectar of the Gods (you won't, because it is!) Also, they make their own soy milk!

Food aside, it's a nice place with friendly people. The servers are super nice, enthusiastic, and helpful, which is a double miracle, because you never get that kind of service in a super-crowded restaurant in Chinatown. Bathrooms are clean, tables are decently spaced apart, and we never felt rushed. Philly is really lucky to have such a wonderful little eatery (Boston is jealous!).
Xi'an is one of the oldest cities in China (think terracotta soldiers) and the beginning of the Silk Road. With so many people historically passing through, multiple cultures from across Eurasia have influenced Xi'an cuisine. The result? Pretty bangin' food, definitely unique in Philly Ctown.

Pita bread soaked in lamb and beef soup is my new comfort food of choice. It's like matzo ball soup for Asians (though it's pretty lamby, so steer clear if that is not your thing). The homemade biang biang noodles with ginger scallion sauce are HUGE, delicious, and fun to eat. Spicy chicken and noodle comes with similar homemade noodles, if you crave meat and some kick with your carbs. Liang pi noodles are refreshing and subtly spicy, a good accompaniment to some of the heavier dishes. The Chinese hamburger (which is really more like a Chinese arepa) is good, but okay to skip, especially if you want the lamb skewers instead. So much tastiness all around. 

One caveat: This is America after all, and Chinese restaurants often try to cater to the preferences of as many people as possible. The resulting menu is quite large, with dishes that are either highly Americanized, or from some other part of China. Stick to the Xi'an stuff (read: things you probably haven't seen on other Chinese menus), and you're golden.
Thanks to one of my yelp friends for finding another winner. Some of the xi'an specialties are so delicious that we highly recommend these to anyone wanting to try something completely different.

The first dish that we tried was this refreshing noodle appetizer called Liang Pi (Wikipedia: translates to cold skin). It's a chilled dish made with noodles, wheat gluten, cucumber, bean sprouts and a chili oil vinegar sauce. This dish single handedly has a lot of amazing things going on in terms of textures, flavors ranging from spicy, sour, nutty and a cool temperature to top it off. Great to have in the summer.

Another specialty was the Chinese hamburger. The meat in the english muffin like bun was really juicy and flavorful with notes of cumin. Something completely different from the noodle and rice food scene and a prominent artifact of the silk route and how it transformed world cuisine.

The third dish we tried was the biang biang mein appetizer. This is a good winter dish as it is a bit carb loaded (not in a greasy way) to make it into the comfort food zone. Thanks to the huge noodles. The dish has a ginger scallion chili sauce that is quite good.

This place is a gem in the bustling food scene in Philly's Chinatown and a must visit.
Xi'an Sizzling Woks does its namesake food very well.  As others have commented, stick to their Chef Recommendation and House Special menu and you will have a unique and enjoyable meal.  The farther you wander from Xi'an, the more the cuisine slides toward the norm, and becomes like most other shops in the area.  Best to stay on the Silk Road from beginning to end. 

My experience last week proves the point.  We ordered Dumpling in Chili Sauce (Szechuan), Xi'an Liang Pi (Cold Mild Spice Noodles), Biang Biang Noodles w/ Ginger Scallion Sauce (Rave), and Spicy Pot Flavor Fish Fillet (Surprise Star of the Show). 

The Dumplings were the weak link in our meal.  The skin was thicker than in a true Szechuan house, and the ground pork while plentiful, did not exhibit much flavor.  The Chili Sauce was not nearly hot enough.  We were sorry we wasted stomach space on something so mediocre.  

The Xi'an Liang Pi was a fettuccini width cold noodle bathed in a semi-hot sauce with Tofu, Shoots, and a few things I could not identify.  It was good and renewed our faith that the rest of the meal would be deliciously distinct.  

We moved on to the Biang Biang Noodles in Ginger Scallion Sauce.  As you have already read everywhere on this page, these Biang Biang are Bangin!  Our server stirred the bowl for us to be sure the sauce coated as much of the pasta as possible.  These hand cut bad boys were longer than a foot, and required high end dexterity to lift them high enough to clear the pile in the dish, maneuver them over to the small plate and then work the chop sticks to your lips well enough to take hold of the noodle and suck it into your mouth. Slurpy mess, but well worth the effort, as these were terrific due to the play of ginger, scallion and cumin (I think) on the tongue.  Subtle heat that grew slowly, but never approach the scalding of a Szechuan chili dish.  The noodles were firm and chewy and filling. 

We would have called the night a great success if we had stopped there, but the urge to try something more brought us to the Spicy Pot Fish Fillets.  These tender morsels of fluke were crisp on the raised texture of each fillet, and included veggies and mushrooms is a wonderful red/orange sauce that also packed a punch, but more gently than, say, Emai across the street.  I loved this dish, and will try the other variations with beef, chicken, lamb and pork intestine in the future. 

Xi'an Sizzling Woks is a smallish shop with no more than a dozen tables.  Best to get there early or late to avoid a wait.  It represents the style and cooking of this very old city that was once the capital of a Chinese Dynasty, and is now an industrial and university town, exceedingly well. It is certainly worth a visit (both city and restaurant).  It could easily become a regular stop on my Chinatown cruise.
So my father's family is from Xi'an and I grew up eating this type of cuisine. I need to come back to try the yang rou pao muo (lamb bread soup) and Liang Fen.

I tried the rou jia muo (lamb with bread) and the yang rou chuan (spicy lamb skewers). I'd recommend going super spicy on both if you like spice as the medium level of spice was not that spicy. 

Sadly the food wasn't as hot as I'd want it to be but that's okay. I'm just happy to get a taste of xian.
We would like to give zero or negative stars if we could.

1. There were a family of cockroaches playing on our table when we were about to start the meal! SO GROSS!!! 
2. When we talked to the waitress, they just shrugged off it, "it's because our food tastes so good, even cockroaches want it"... EVEN GROSSER!!!

We'll never step into this place again.
While having the good fortune to be within walking distance (ok anything within ~1 mile) of the many stores and restaurants of Chinatown, I have a bad habit of going back to the regular hotspots and the usual dishes. While an adventurous eater, sometimes I just want comfort food instead of funky foodstuffs.  Xi'an Sizzling did not disappoint - deftly balancing familiarity while introducing elements of the exotic.

The venue is not fancy with a diner feel, but the low-key, hole-in-the-wall spots often surprise.  Not being familiar with this cuisine, we went with the chef recommendations and house specials listed in the menu to generate a baseline.

* Chinese Hamburger (braised pork). $3.50.  Flavorful filling, but dry ...
* Golden Mushroom with Sesame Oil Sauce. $5.50.  Crunchy and delicate - very good if you want something light, but can be overpowered by the other dishes with more spices and flavor.
* Xi'an Pancake. $5.95.  Another mild dish, thin crepey wrap cocooning tender potato stick filling.
* Xi'an Liang Pi. $4.95.  This kicked butt!  The spicy tangy sauce and spongy/al dente texture of the gluten/noodles respectively were a treat to the tastebuds. Now we're talking! 
* Spicy Sour Minced Pork Noodles. $6.95. The highlight of our meal!  Hearty, filling, meaty, tangy, and heartwarming. This delight is going on my "regular" comfort food list ... pry it from my grabby hands if you dare!  

In summary: cheap, flavorful, and filling.  Definitely worth return visits to explore the rest of the menu! 

Aside: There are 2 sister locations: 1) Xi'an Sizzling Woks - Chinatown and 2) Xi'an Cuisine - Olde City.  While serving the same dishes with the same portions, the Olde City location has higher prices than the Chinatown location by ~$2 per dish (Spicy Sour Minced Pork Noodles as control)!
First time at Xi'an Sizzling Woks and I'm not impressed. I have never been to any Chinese restaurant that does not include rice with a "rice dish" especially when that dish cost 16.00. I found this to be so unacceptable that I refused to add the rice to my order and instead went home and made my own. That should never happen. 

As for the food I ordered, it left much to be desired. I have had this dish many times in many places. Whether they call it Chongqing Chicken, La Zi Ji or simply Chicken with dry hot peppers you should expect certain elements to be present. Crispy chunks of fried chicken, a heaping pile of peppers, sliced scallions and garlic and sesame seeds. I got chicken and peppers but the rest was noticeably absent and very much missed. The chicken was prepared nicely enough but the flavor was not consistent across each bite. Some morsels were a little salty while others had a more sweet taste which I somehow preferred. The spring rolls were good but that is simply not enough. This is definitely a one and done for me.
Average food covered by below average service.  I don't want to be too rough with this review, but I feel I'm being generous with a 3-star rating.

We walked in and were directed to open seats.  Well, they pointed to a clean table.  We sat and waited.  Another couple walked in, were properly seated and given menus. Mine you, we didn't have menus yet so asked. We were told we'd have to wait until they finished with them.  So of course, they ordered first, and their food arrived ahead of ours...

We split a Chinese Hamburger (Spicy Minced Pork), Pita Bread Soaked In Lamb & Beef Soup, and a Biang Biang Noodles In Lamb & Beef Soup.  They did split the burger for us in half, but it was just eh.  I really enjoyed the Pita Bread Soup (saving Xi'an from a 2 star), but it really didn't have a lot of meat.  I barely saw any meat in the Biang Biang soup, and found it to also be merely average.

I'll give them that the prices are fair.  Not an extreme deal for Chinatown, but nothing to complain about there.  The restaurant was also clean.  Overall, I don't think I'll be making a return trip, but if I did, it would be for the Pita Bread soup only.
China meets Uzbekistan ... Xi'an meets Tashkent - welcome to Xi'an Sizzling Woks.
 
Philadelphia has the oldest Chinatown and one of the very best in North America with restaurants springing from every single corner of China.  Xi'an Sizzling Woks is a new Shaanxi Province restaurant with the food of northwestern China - think Silk Road fusion. It is superb.  I don't think you can go wrong here,  The Chinese Hamburgers (the Silk Road version of this famous food)  are a great appetizer but even better are the Chive Pies.  Grandma came out of the kitchen to see how I liked her Chive Pies and to see if I wanted to taste a special sauce she had made up for them.  They were excellent.  Grandma returned to the kitchen smiling after she saw how much I liked them. The homemade Biang Biang noodles are also of excellent quality and I especially like the ones with ginger and scallions.  However be aware they are very difficult to eat.  They are so long and wide and intertwined with each other, that you have to be a chopstick magician to deftly get these noodles from the bowl to your mouth. Easier noodles are the Liang Pi.  Don't miss the lamb kebabs with cumin flavoring.  Really, unless you're a vegetarian, order them.

The atmosphere is fine and the service is def friendly. Walls are a kinda tangerine color with various artifacts from Shaanxi Province ... and there is a cool trompe l'oeil sky & cloud ceiling.

I've been to Xi'an Sizzling Woks twice in the last week (I've been yearning for some really tasty Asian food for the last few months).  This is a restaurant to definitely put near the top of any list of Philadelphia's numerous and awesome Chinatown restaurants.
Update: I wanted to have some good hot and sour soup today, being in so tired of the cold and all. I work near Chinatown, so I have a lot of choices to choose from. I thought Xi'an sizzling wok would be a great place to try that since I already know their noodle soups are fantastic already. I ordered a quart of hot and sour soup, and then their lunch menu deals which are pretty basic stuff like general tso with fried rice, caught my eye. So I also got myself sweet and sour chicken with fried rice. $12 total was not too bad! I just wish they can notify me via app or call to say it's ready. That's the only thing.
----------------------------------------------  Besides the fact that it seemed slightly awkward while I waited and the waitresses talked amongst theirselves, I ordered the Spicy Sour Minced Pork Noodles (soup). They pack it to go for me, and it was done very, very well. I went back to my apartment which took 45 minute due to the snow today and by the time I got back, my soup was still pretty warm! Perfect for warming up after being very cold outside. The pack the noodles separate from the soup, very neat, and the soup didn't even spill out or anything. I was impressed how delicious the soup was! Noodles went well with it too. It's more on the oily side, probably from chilly oil and maybe the pork fat (though I found the minced pork to not be very fat), so maybe that's why it seems so comforting and wonderful lol. It is definitely a great warm comfort meal. I would love to try their Chinese hamburger next time, which I hear is very popular.
We ordered Liang pi, biang biang noodle (don't know why it calls this name because the Chinese name is nothing close to this): pretty authentic place for their noodles. 

Crispy rice: I feel the sauce is a bit too americanized. Feels like those you got in any American Chinese restaurant. But the crispy rice is good. 

ma po tofu: don't order this dish. It's Sichuan dish and they completely screwed it up the "Ma". 

Small place, pretty local that no one speaks English.
Try the "Big Plate Chicken (spicy chicken and noodle plate)" aka Da Pan Ji - it's what they're known for. The portion is huuuuuge and is definitely meant for sharing. 

We usually get a bunch of [cold] appetizers (a lot of them are authentic street-style food), and one or two hot dishes to share. 

Some of their spicy hot dishes are on the spicier side of "spicy food" - beware.
Came here for a late-ish dinner and had a pretty pleasant experience, to say the least. Really quick service and yummy, traditional food!

The Biang Biang Noodles with Ginger Scallion Sauce were recommended to us by the waitress, and we found the dish to be very flavorful - I can definitely understand why this dish is their specialty! If you come, this is a must-order.

We also ordered the Xi'an Pancake and the Dan Dan Noodles. My friend who came with me is also a pescetarian, and it was nice that there are quite a few vegetarian options on the menu and that the cooks in the back are very accommodating to changing orders (e.g. taking out meat). The Xi'an Pancake was just a crepe-like pancake around a ton of shredded potato, something I definitely didn't expect just by reading the name on the menu. I was also a little frustrated that the waitress who served us didn't seem to know the dishes very well. When we asked her about whether there was meat in the Xi'an Pancake, she had to go to the back and ask. This happened multiple times, so I was under the impression that she didn't know much about the specifics of the food on the menu. That being said, I was really glad that I had already looked at Yelp reviews prior, so I didn't have to rely solely on her recommendations.

Anyways, regarding the actual flavors of the food, I thought that the Xi'an Pancake was a little bland and needed to be dunked into the spicy sauce that they provided in order to taste good. It was also really messy to eat since the pancake wasn't stuck together, so the potatoes kept falling out. However, overall, I did think that the Xi'an Pancake dipped in the sauce had a nice variation of textures and flavors (softness of the pancake + slight crunchiness of the potato + spiciness of the sauce). The Dan Dan Noodies were pretty good as well. I keep on comparing the Dan Dan Noodles that I order to the ones at Han Dynasty (which are my #1 favorite). Though I still liked the noodles at Han better, these were definitely comparable. The flavor was just the right amount of spiciness but not as thick and rich as the ones at Han... but don't get me wrong, the dish was still delicious!

I haven't tried any of the entrees, but I honestly have heard great things about the appetizer dishes here, so I'll just stick to those. All in all, a very solid shop in the midst of Philly Chinatown, perfect for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. The offerings are pretty carb-heavy, so I'll definitely save my trips here only to times when I'm seriously craving Chinese carb dishes. Definitely worth a try though!
I've had some good food at Xi'an Sizzling Woks and I'd be curious to come back to try more dishes.  

- The Biang Biang noodle with ginger and scallion was very nice.  Just a perfect simple bowl of noodles.  Definitely recommended. 4 stars

- Pickled pepper wood ear was okay, nothing special. 3 stars

- The pita bread soaked in lamb & beef soup is tasty.  My only issue is there wasn't quite enough soup to balance out all the bread in there. 3.5 stars

- Chinese hamburger was so-so. I probably wouldn't bother with this one again since there are better options to be had here. 

Somewhere between 3 and 4 stars.
Came here one night for take out:

Food (8.5/10) = Tried the following dishes:

1) Xi'an liang pi ($4.95) = this place does the dish quite well.  This is one of the most refreshing dishes, and great to eat during both the hot summer weather and cold winter months.
2) Pita bread soaked in lamb and beef soup ($9.95) = one of my favorite Xi'an dishes.  The flavor was on point, but unfortunately and likely because I got it as take out, most of the soup was soaked by the bread, and the bread texture became mushy.  The dish is probably fine if I had ordered and eaten it at the restaurant.
3) Cumin beef hamburger ($3.95) = Less spicy than what I've had before.  Less spicy and less oily than Xi'an famous foods version in NYC.  I actually like it better less oily, but others may feel differently.
4) Biang biang noodles w. ginger scallion sauce ($5.95) = Another noodle dish.  This dish was served hot.  The flavor was good, but again because it was take out, the noodles became stuck to each other and so the noodles became a giant mass difficult to separate while eating with chopsticks.

Ambiance (7.5/10) = Nothing special.  Red paint interior.  Decent amount of tables.  Clean.  Restaurant situated at the corner of 9th and Arch.

Service (7.5/10) = Meh.  It wasn't busy when I visited.  Yet, it was hard to get the attention of the 2 waitresses, for me to get a menu and place my orders for take out, despite standing directly in front of them at the cash register.  Strange.

Overall opinion = I love Xi'an food, and it's nice to see more of these places sprouting up at different cities.  Would definitely visit this place again the next time I'm in town.  Will want to try the "Sauteed spicy chicken and noodles" off the chef's recommendation section on the menu.  I've never seen a noodle dish cost $16.95.  So it makes me curious how good this dish can be.  My brother states it's worth the price.  We shall see...
Order to pick up in quarantine time. 
I'm Vietnamese and I had Liang Pi the first time when I came to Xinjiang visiting one of my Chinese friends and I fell in love with This delightful dish. I believe that each place in China makes Liang Pi slightly different but I do love the taste that the restaurant makes it. I can't find anywhere else to satisfy my craving for Liang Pi in Philly except for this place. Liang Pi is highly recommended!
Delicious Xi'an food that is authentic and affordable. Given that I don't live at home so Chinese food is a rarity, it may have tasted 10x better to me but nonetheless, I enjoyed the spicy sour noodles, liangpi and the sauteed string beans which were perfectly crispy. Also, the lamb burger was decent - although I've had better. Service is also pretty good since they are quick and attentive. Definitely worth a try !
The biang biang noodles with chicken and potatoes is in my top 10 list of things I've ever eaten. The chicken is so tender it falls off the bone. The sauce is spicy and super flavorful. The noodles are AMAZING, and the potatoes kick it all over the top. 
It's an interesting combination of Chinese and middle eastern flavors.

We also got the duck which I found to be a little dry.  The wonton soup lacked flavor in the broth. The wontons are ok, but the selling point for me is the biang biang! If you like spicy and carbs, just get it.
When I first heard that there was a Xi'an restaurant in Philly, I was very very skeptical. Still, I was willing to give it a try before I dismissed it altogether. 

I came here with a group of friends after class recently and was pleasantly surprised. First and foremost, the menu included all of the authentic Xi'an/Shaanxi-style dishes in the "Chef Recommendation" section. We ordered six dishes among four people. 

- the "chinese hamburger" (roujiamo) was bigger than expected. The waitress split this four-way and we were all able to sample some of it. Nothing spectacular, which is a little surprising considering that this is perhaps the most recognized dish of Xi'an.
- I love the spicy oil drenched on the liang pi. If you love spicy oils, you'll love this classic cold noodle dish.
- the "pita bread soaked in lamb/beef soup" (yangroupaomo) was a little underwhelming, which was totally expected. Nothing will come close to Laosunjia.
- biang biang noodles were well-spiced and overall excellent.

Overall assessment: Xi'an Sizzling went above and beyond my expectations, and for that reason I will be back very soon. How does this compare to Xi'an Famous Foods in NYC? It's comparable in terms of price (but a much better value), it's not fast food, and I think generally the dishes here at Xi'an Sizzling (with the exception of the roujiamo) are much better. Four stars overall.
Being from Xi'an, my expectations for Xi'an food are understandably elevated. Xi'an Sizzling Woks comes close to meeting them.

What's good:
*The biang biang noodles are legit. Like super legit.
*The liang pi is pretty good. I've never been a huge liang pi fan, but this is pretty authentic.
*The service is friendlier/better than most places in Chinatown

What keeps it from getting 5 stars is the flavor. It's just a bit weak on some of the dishes (such as the chicken spicy pot flavor). The cumin lamb was decent, but lacked the punch that I've come to expect, from comparable spots.

This place is worth going to for the biang biang noodles alone. They need to spice it up a notch on the other stuff. If you're looking for authentic Xi'an food, this is as good as it gets in Philly.
The only place in Philly area I can get Xi An food. I love their Liang Pi definitely tastes authentic and delicious. The lamb burgers are alright the meat is not as quality and not a lot of meat either.
Delicious! Im glad Yelp led us here as we were in the mood for some authentic xian eats. This was comparable to our limited but previous really good experience with the cuisine in NYC. The portions weren't as big as we expected coming in cold and hungry but it was a good meal.

The cumin lamb skewers were well cooked but just felt light portion-wise for the cost.

The piping fresh spicy biang biang noodles (with garlic scallion) were great. I didn't do the best job mixing up the dish as it comes out pre-constructed with individual spices in different parts of the bowl but it worked out well as we were feeling a little spiced out by the end of the meal and appreciating the blander pieces of noodles :D

I liked the hamburger a lot but again wish the portion of meat was a little bit more.

Efficient service with food coming out fast. Definitely a nice new experience in china town.
Excellent. 

1) I love Xi'an Chinese food. I am Indian American, so I love spicy food. Sichuan and Xi'an are my two favorite. 
2) Got the cumin lamb burger and the lamb skewers. 
3) Service was fast. And ambiance is nice.
My fam is from Xi'an and whenever they're visiting, this place is usually our go to. 

GET THE DOUBLE COOKED PORK. I am usually not a fan of savory and sweet together but this dish is something else. It's thin slices of pork, double cooked so it gets that crispy, oily, yet tender goodness, and the flavor is so good I don't know how to describe it. Be warned...it's very oily but I make do and plow through half the dish on my own anyway. Cabbage and bell peppers are mixed in with the pork as well. No other double cooked pork dish in Chinatown can compare in my opinion.

Also to get:

- lamb skewers. Authentic Xi'an taste. Tender and flavorful.

- uhh I forget the actual name on the menu but it's basically the xi'an equivalent of a hamburger (you can get the authentic flavor or with spice which I don't recommend...) - this is only if you want to try authentic xi'an cuisine. My fam always orders this even though it lacks a bit compared to what we'd get in China because the meat lacks a lot of fat (which makes it juicy and soft and gooey inside ughhhh) but overall the taste is still good.

- biang biang noodles with potato and chicken. The chicken is mad tender, the noodles are very thick and chewy, and the plate is big enough to feed 3-4 people so don't let the price stop you.

- lamb stew with pita: really represents xi'an cuisine (we love our lamb). The stew is just really good...i love the flavor of lamb and I usually don't like soggy bread...but for some reason pita soaked in stew is acceptable. There are thin rice noodles, wood ear, and other extraneous things in the stew. I'd highly recommend trying.

- Liang pi. Get the sesame flavor. It's a cold dish with thick flat noodles (or a variant of noodles...almost kind of gelatinous. I'd be wary if you aren't used to that kind of texture cause it takes some getting used to but for those who grew up with Chinese cuisine knows this is the bomb). A little bit spicy but the kick is so refreshing when the dish is cold...? It's good trust me.

I have a whole plethora of other dishes I would want y'all to try but it'd take me forever to type up...just come here and order away! Pretty sure you won't regret it.
One of my favorite Chinese restaurants in University city. The prices are great and the food is unique and amazing. 价廉物美。The desserts here are amazing too, With authentic Xian style twists.
After taking a look of all the good reviews of this place, I was pretty stoked to grab dinner here with a couple of friends. Unfortunately, it was a disappointing experience and I wasn't impressed with either their service or the food. 

It took the waiter around 15 minutes before coming over to our table to take our order and give us any sort of beverages. Mind you, this is a relatively small restaurant and there was only 3 other tables occupied at the moment. There were least 4 waiter(resses) working who mostly stood around and talked amongst themselves while we waited for them. At one point, one of the tables had wrapped up and left the restaurant and one of the various waitresses goes over to pick up their check. The lady opens the tab right then and there and began to complain about the tip left behind and the bunch of them continued back and forth about how much tip the patrons should've left for a good while. *Insert sideye*

As far as the food goes, my friends and I each ordered the chinese hamburger which was largely unimpressive. My bun tasted pretty stale and the meat certainly wasn't much to write home about either. For my main meal, I ordered the "spicy sour minced pork noodles"...while I will admit that I eat a crap-ton of spicy things and this could throw off my tolerance to spice as compared to other folks but there wasn't much flavor or spice to this noodle soup. I ended up putting 2 spoonfuls of hot chili oil into soup just so it wasn't so bland. The noodles were also super over-cooked and slightly mushy.

Would I swing back for round 2? Probably not. I mean, it is Chinatown after all...spicy noodle soups await at every corner. The one good thing about this place is their price, there are definitely cheap eats here.
Food was good and service was fine though I was mostly ignored in favor of my chinese speaking companion. Everything was pretty cheap though the portions weren't HUGE by any means. Western diners might be intimidated by some of the offerings ( No General Tso's Chicken at this place) but if they can get over their initial trepidation they will be rewarded with some unique food from Xian province. A lot of the food makes liberal use of chili peppers but it was never overpowering and fans of sichuan cuisine will feel right at home. The location  is a bit off the main drag of chinatown but easy to get to by pubic transportation. I would definitely go back and would have no qualms about bringing an open minded dinner guest with me.
Craving for Xi An Famous Food, I chose to try this place out. Two of us came for dinner during the week, and it was not crowded. 

We ordered two Cumin Beef Hamburgers, Xi'an Liang Pi, cucumber and lamb skewers (6 in one dish). The beef hamburger was delicious. The skewers were alright and I probably won't order them next time. 

Looking forward to another visit. I will try their noodles next time.
My favorite restaurant in chinatown. Biang biang noodles with scallion garlic sauce and xi'an Liang Pi are two things I always order here. I think they could cut the menu down to just the Chef's Recommendation section and still have an awesome restaurant.
This is the second restaurant of the family that owns New East in NE Phila, and is still in its initial, rather soft opening stages.  While they don't have a full print-out of the menu (it's handwritten on 8x11" at this point), they can pretty much make you anything you want, althoughI would suggest sticking with the Xi'an specialties.  The liang pi and lamb and beef vermicelli with chopped Chinese bun pieces are great stand-bys, and the whole fried sweet and sour croaker is great.  Overall, it's solid but they do need to speed up the service and get actual menus.  Still, it's a great hole-in-the-wall with solid, authentic dishes and reasonable prices for huge portions.
This is a very good Chinese resturant. I need say the pita bread soaked in lamb and beef noodle soup ,biang biang noodle ,spicy sour minced pork noodle and xiang pi was really good.
Service was also great ,three good  girls.
They told us come back next time try different.Sure,I will be back.
Today it is 10/16, pouring down raining  at around 2 PM. I made the terrible mistake of ordering out again because I truly enjoyed the food from here

So....I place an order similar to the one I'd  had the day prior (my total was also similar). 

delivery was over an hour away. When the delivery driver arrived at my door, he handed me a balled up piece of paper with what appeared to be my receipt. Inside of the paper (also balled up) was $1.76. 

This was confusing because I hadn't even given him any money yet. (I had two $20 bills in my hand to give him in exchange for the food but still hadn't given it to him yet) 

Now what's strange is that when I called the restaurant, I was informed that my total was $25. But when the delivery driver arrived, he said it was $30. When I finally looked at the crumbled up wet paper, I saw that the total was actually $28.24 including tax and delivery fee.
After viewing the receipt and confirming that it was the correct receipt and order, I proceeded to hand him my $40 cash. He assumed I didn't want any change back at all and almost walked away with a tip of $11.76 

But before he could fully trip me up, I asked him to give me change for my cash. He opens his wallet and says he doesn't have any. All he has is one $5 bill. I ask him what type of delivery driver walks about without change? 

And before he could even answer me, I handed him back his balled up receipt and the $1.76 he had given me. I take my $40 cash and I proceed to the corner store next door to make change for my bills. 

He stands at my door and looks on in disbelief. As if I was supposed to just hand over $11 extra dollars for my meal naturally. Lol smh 

When I arrived back at my door I handed him the $30 cash plus $1 for a tip leaving his tip at $2.76 ( being as though the total was $29.24).  I politely asked him to hand me my food. He hesitated, almost holding the bag hostage for a moment before finally handing it to me. 

He then huffed at me and said, "huh? What's this? They told me you would give me $5!?" "I don't work for them I'm doing them a favor!!!" 

I said, "excuse me!? I maybe would have given you a better tip if you didn't just try to take it from me" 

***Now, as a career server, I know how we sometimes assume that a guest has a pattern and think they may pay the same way and TIP the same thing most, if not all or the time. That may or may not always be true. 

In this case, He made the mistake of assuming he was going to get ALL of my change as his tip, or at least the same $5 tip I had given the previous driver.

 (They may have even coerced him to help them with delivery by telling him that I will tip well. Which they can't even judge because I only ever ordered from them ONE time.)

When I originally called the restaurant I was told over the phone that my total was $25.

My order consisted of, 1 order of scallion pancakes, 2 fried spring rolls, fried wontons with crab and cheese, and a tofu general tso. But when the delivery driver came to my door he told me that my total was $30 then proceeded to try and take my entire $40 for the trip smh. 

. Smh lmao I never felt so insulted in my life. I said to this person that he is lucky he got the $2.76 he got and that his service was horrible. 


And THATS NOT THE BEST PART!!!!! 

. About 10 minuets after I slam my door in his face and head upstairs to enjoy my yummy meal, I receive a freakin TEXT MESSAGE FROM THIS MAN that reads, 

" Thank you for your verbal abuse and just to let you know I did this for my courtesy bc they ask me to help so I'm sorry if I make you up set "don't worried I forgive you and GOD in JESUS name bless you always"   

SMMFH WHAAAAAAAAATTTTT!?!?? , I thought, Lmao smh sooooo I verbally abused you because I gave you HALF of the $5  you THOUGHT you were going to get out of me!? Bye sir!!!! 

So I kindly texted back, 

" You are lucky you even got a tip from me. I don't believe in Jesus. You can take your well wishes and hopefully your life improves enough that you don't need to force people to tip you as you struggle to make ends meet delivering food. Horrible service!!! " 
and then I said..

"And never did I say anything wrong to you. All I did was tell you that you weren't getting a five dollar tip. You got $2.75 and you better thank your precious Jesus you even got that!!! The nerve!!" 

Soooooooooo needless to say... never doing that again and if I ever spend another penny at this place it will not be delivery. As many years as I've worked in hospitality I have never!!! Trash. Total trash service. Better to just not take too many orders if you can't handle the load than to have me waiting an hour and a half for a delivery that's only 3miles away AND THEN have to be harassed by some weirdo. Smmfh
I put a delivery order tonight and the food never get delivered. I check the distance between the restaurant and my place. It's just 10min drive. I don't care about the taste of their food anymore. They even don't announce me if they don't want to deliver. They just let customers wait. This restaurant's service is rude. I don't think a restaurant with this kind of rude attitude can has nice food.
Grossest Chinese food I have ever eaten. I have NO IDEA how this is highly rated, since it's the only reason why I chose to eat here.

Chow ho fun, flavorless

General tso was not crispy and tasted more like sweet and sour chicken

Fried rice, no flavor 

Chicken with garlic sauce was edible. 

Ended up throwing away most of the meal sadly, $70 wasted.
Came here after the flower show. Saw the reviews and heard that this place was really good. I was very impressed by the food! The interior of the restaurant was not too impressive because it's more of a Chinese takeout joint.

My boyfriend and I ordered some of the popular dishes which I forgot the name of and don't remember how to spell it either, woops. Definitely coming back here! I love spicy food so if you love "Chinese" culture spicy food then this is the place.
I'm a big fan of Xi'an cuisine. I've been coming here for years and have had mixed experiences with the food and service, but it has generally been positive. 

Highlights:
-Noodle dishes. I like the soup noodle dishes more than the Biang Biang noodles
-Chinese Chives pie 
-Chinese hamburger 肉夹馍

Ok:
-Cold noodles
-Dumplings in Chili oil
-Biang Biang noodles. They're ok but not great
Came here with friends after a long day of hustling around Philly. 

Came in tired, thirsty, hungry, and eager for something delicious. Xi'an Sizzling Wok did not disappoint -- found out it has only been open for about 5 months. 

Food was delicious! Loved sharing many dishes with friends to try out more things. We ordered 6 dishes for the 4 of us. 
Lamb Skewers -- Yummm! Very nicely spiced, very flavorful.
Green String Beans -- good, could use more garlic
Scallion pancake -- DELICIOUS!!!
Cold salt and chili oil Cucumber -- interesting taste.
Bok Choy w Edamame -- nice appetizer
Spicy beef noodle soup -- really good, choked a little on the spicy chili flakes when it went down the wrong pipe. 
A couple minor dings:
Shared a larger table with another party -- smaller interior, but just something to keep in mind.
Language may be a barrier -- some dishes  were brought to our table without ordering, but they took care of it. If you go with a friend who speaks Mandarin, it may be useful!
Took a while to get check -- it was busy during the dinner rush.
Great food and very home-like service. LiangPi  is the best!
Lamb skewers are very tasty too. 
I mistakenly ordered takout at the other location, and they transfered my order for free.
Although this place is small, the waitresses are lack of experience, my stomach LOVE this place, I give 5 stars for the food.
I really enjoy the flat noodles here. I think it is really depends on person, some of my friends like noodle soups elsewhere. 
If you like spicy food, Spicy Sour Minced Pork Noodles could be the nice one.   If you prefer the original, kind of plain flavor of flat noodle , try Biang Biang Noodles In Lamb & Beef Soup, Chinese Chives Pie. 

Classic/Safe choices are  #6. Sauteed Spicy Chicken & Noodle (around $18, serves for two ppl), Chinese hamburger, and Liang Pi.
The food is not bad, but the delivery guy is just terrible. He forced me to give him more tips, and I refused.
Like everyone, after reading all of the reviews, I was pretty excited to try out the place. I walked into the place, and the service was just terrible. There were 3 waitresses around the small place. We were literally the only one there. I sat down at a table for about 15 mins. The waitresses were standing around by the cashier. After finally getting the waitresses' attention, I stood up to give my order. 

They forgotten the water and did not bother with asking whether or not we needed anything. I  ordered the biang biang noodles that was SO hyped up based on yelp reviews and the chicken with garlic sauce. 

The food arrived. No water. Did not even bother to ask if we needed anything. 

The noodles were tasteless and the chicken with garlic sauce was edible, but very salty. 

I would not recommend anyone to go here, especially when there are so many other restaurants in Chinatown with more options for Xian style cuisine. 

Disappointed.
For the folks thinking this is an authentic Xi'an food place,you are wrong.They looks like it but doesn't taste like it.
The taste of the foods were very bland and noodles were over cooked .
And apparently you can't order a little bit spicy from the server because it's "too much trouble " so you can put chili sauce yourself.
I did order the Chinese burger once and it was Okay, but the recent visit wasn't pleasant.
東西很淡沒什麼味道，鹽巴調味不夠。麵條煮太久快軟到爛掉。
This place is the absolute worst, the food is good here but the service is horrible. I just came back from ordering something, and I was waiting there for a good amount of time for my food; the waitresses looked at me and continued eating their food, but didn't even let me know my order was ready until I asked them. It's so unprofessional, if a customer came in, you're supposed to let them know their order is ready... not have her standing there like an idiot. Another thing is that, the lunch special was "supposedly" suppose to come with a soup but they didn't give me shit. In other words, I'm not coming here again, you lose my business. Word to management...you either retrain your waitresses or hire new ones who can do their job properly.  Horrible service
Decent authentic food. A hit or miss with some dishes. But it's a go-to for us when we're craving quality Chinese food in Chinatown.
My boyfriend's aunt, who is from Xian, says this place is legit. Their best dishes appear in the first pages of the menu, where they introduce Xian cuisine. Just order those and you'll be satisfied. They are BYO so don't forget to bring some beer to go with all that spicy goodness!
I need to go back to Xi'an Sizzling Woks to get a better sense of the menu. During my first visit, I wanted to try too many things, and my dining partner (my mom) wasn't interested in being too adventurous :P

So, I opted for the Szechuan Pickled Vegetable lunch special with Pork (and hot & sour soup). I was really pleasantly surprised by the pickled vegetable special - it was funky and bright - the roasted pork added a nice meaty flavor. The hot & sour soup was average, but enjoyable.
this is the first time i've wanted to write a review in ages, but xi'an sizzling woks deserves all of the good press the have received. well-cooked and delicious food, decent setting/ambiance and a much expanded (and printed menu) from their opening days. have tried a few things on the menu and am whole hog in love with the dumplings in sour broth. absolutely delicious on a cool (er) night in july and i'm sure this dish will be amazing in the official cooler weather. noodles are lovely not overdressed, dry sautee green beans are my third favorite accompaniment to any meal (behind broccoli rabe and water spinach) and xi'an does them well. am looking forward to eating my way through the menu and i wish them success!

n.b. - i selected the cheap price range below since a bowl of the dumplings in sour broth could EASILY fill up anyone and comes in at $8.50. my dining companion and i rung up a $40 bill, but we ordered five dishes and took home half of the food....also, not super good for groups - they have two standard 8 seaters, but it is a long and narrow building, so super large groups won't work well here (they can probably push the 8-seaters together though if you time it right).
I spent 4 years at Xi'an. Their cold spicy noodle is pretty good, while pork burger is so so, the problem  is their bun is not chewy and sturdy as authentic one. The beef tripe skewer looks appealing but not really tasty, the one I got is too salty and not close to my memory.
The chiefs' cooking are not consistent. Sometimes good, sometimes were awful. Recently I ordered a lamb dish and the meat smells stinky, not fresh at all.  My main complain is about the meat they served such as chicken，pork and lamb. I didn't try beef yet. That was not the first time I found the meat was not very fresh! I really hope they could pay attention on that! Overall, the same dish tastes different every time which really bothers me a lot! Xi'an is my home town and that's why I give two stars, otherwise would be one.
I love the liang pi with sesame sauce! It's very authentic! I wish I live in philly so I can eat it all the time. Otherwise I recommend piang piang noodle, that one is very tasty too!
I think I found my new obsession of 2014: Chinese hamburgers. I had these when I was in China (it's a popular street food over there) and it's just as good as I remember: slow-cooked minced pork on delicious mo bread (a flat bread that's kind of like a cross between naan and an English muffin). They have a spicy pork version and a beef and cumin option -- both are great. I also got the spicy sour minced pork noodles, which was a little too sour for my liking but still very good. The portion was huge, too: it easily could have fed two of us. And it's a steal at $6.95. Service was a little slower than what I'm used to for Chinatown, but the staff was extremely friendly. Overall a very nice option if I'm in the area. I'll definitely be back for those hamburgers, though.
I'm a die-hard Szechuan fan, so I came to Xi'an with high expectations that they pretty much met. We ordered the famous Liang Pi and found it delicious. We also got the dry sauteed string beans which were surpassingly awesome (we expected them to be boring), as well as the cumin lamb (insanely good) and noodle soup that was recommended on the first page of the menu which has an explanation of what the best typical dishes are. Everything was just yum. The service was even decent. I highly recommend it.
Holy shit! I got two dishes. I know it is a very small sample size of the menu, but this is the best Chinese food I've ever had in America. The service was not very great, and at times frankly confusing, but the food did come out quick, very affordable and it was amaze-balls!

I came here solo very early after the Four Seasons 5k run. I thought the liang pi would help cool me down a bit. It was exactly the way I remember it from when I lived in Xi'an. I also got a dish, I'm not quite sure the name. It had pretty large chunks of peppers, potatoes, onions, and bone in with skin on chicken in a spicy sauce brown sauce served over top a bed of large, flat, wide noodles. It was out of this world... very traditional. I would have eaten here again the next day if I lived near by. 

I can't wait until the next time I find my self in center city and hungry!
Food here is spicy but with flavors that hit you at so many levels ! It is a marriage of spices between countries and continents,  the cumin from middle east to the chilli oil from Szechuan and something sour that I can't quite place,  all coming together in this little place in chinatown ! They have the perfect portions and incredibly tasty dishes for such low prices. The spicy chewy beef hamburger  tasted like vada-pav, a street food delicacy sold on the streets of India, fresh and fulfilling  ! The well seasoned broth of the spicy minced pork noodles, the al-dente quality of biang biang noodles and the saucy-ness of the dumplings are among the reasons I am going back here ! Very soon and very often !
We visit Philadelphia at least couple times a month for business and tried almost every 4 and up stars restaurants there and this place is our favorite. 
If you live in NY like us, you get spoiled with great, authentic, delicious cuisines and that makes you pretty picky. So these 4 stars are NY level 4 stars :)
If you know Xi'an Famous Foods in NY and like their food you should pay a visit to  Philadelphia just to test Sizzling Xi'an Woks' food. You won't regret 2 hours drive :)
Our favorites are,
Liang Pi - such a light, refreshing dish (amazing souce, texture of the tofu is just perfect, cucumbers and soy sprouts are always fresh and tasty)

Lamb skewer - meat is very very very tender, seasoned with cumin.

Smoked tea duck - the best roasted duck I have had so far (as good as the ones I had in China if not better)

Cumin beef lo mein, cumin beef hamburger, biang biang noodles and dan dan noodle are our other favorites.

Enjoy!
The food here is more solid than a brick wall - and by that, I mean that it is really, really good.

This is my go-to place when I visit Chinatown, because the flavor combinations that it offers is very different from the other more "traditional" flavors (mainly szechuan and americanized fare). Although it offers options in those styles as well, its chef and house specials hail from Xi'an province in China, known for its flavorful usage of lamb (among other things). 

Among the menu options, I would heavily recommend trying the lamb kabobs (better than the $2/ea ones at Solo down the street). They're seasoned very well, but beware the heavy usage of cumin if you're not into that particular spice. Additionally, the lamb soup with bread is VERY well done, and generous to boot - two to three people can definitely share and be completely full due to the generous amount of "pita" bread in the soup. The lamb flavor is moderate, so once again, beware for those who don't like that particular taste. Xi'an Liang Pi is also a must, since it's so cheap and just so good. I would also recommend their Peppered Wood Ear if you want to try something a little more exotic.

The one thing that I would recommend avoiding is their chinese hambuger - unless you're used to extreme tastes. I've had all the varieties they offer - pork (spicy and non-spicy), as well as cumin beef. All three varieties were overly salted, and if you've ever eaten authentic versions of this dish in China, you'd probably be absolutely disgusted at this version. The non-spicy pork version is rather stinky, as the chef obviously did not first treat the meat with cooking wine. The spicy pork version masks the stink of pork with hotness, but is still incredibly salty. The cumin beef was okay in flavor, but the beef was rather crumbly and dry. 

Service leaves a lot to be desired. Every time I've come here, something pretty rude has happened. The first time I came, to avoid getting chili sauce on her shirt, the waitress tipped a few tablespoons of the oil onto my shoe. Needless to say, there was no apology, and I learned never to wear canvas shoes to a Chinese restaurant. The second time I came, the male waiter was in such a hurry to let go of the bowl of soup (I suppose it was hot?) that he literally plopped it heavily on the table, causing soup to slosh out. No apology, not even an offer to clean up the broth that was now spreading around. All I can say is, the food here is definitely excellent, but I'm knocking off a star because the waiters here are absolutely rude. Obviously nobody goes to a Chinese restaurant expecting heartwarming service, but I draw the line at having your clothing and elbows assaulted by servers who don't know how to balance dishes or set things down in a pleasing manner. 

Additionally, make sure you bring cash.
I first tried this restaurant during the Christmas holidays because I was curious about the Chinese hamburger depicted in the restaurant window. On subsequent trips to Philly Chinatown, I returned for the Liang Pi, the dumplings, and the pita bread soaked in lamb soup. It was all rather good and refreshingly different from the average Chinese restaurant fare. Prices were lower than I thought, although I'm from the suburbs so maybe these are normal for Chinatown. Also, service was pretty good. And lastly, I was surprised that they have WiFi internet. All in all, this restaurant is a good find. If not for parking and traffic problems, I'd certainly come here more.
Pretty good.  The beans were good, my white husband kept complimenting; the liangpi was good, a little bit soft less chewy to my standard; the beef bun was better than the pork bun.
Having heard about this place from a few friends. Today finally made it there with my parents. We ordered the Xi'an Liang PI and the spicy sour minced pork noodle. We all prefer the Liang PI, although we added extra vinegar and spicy sauce by ourselves. The noodle was okay for us, not a fan of it.
This is my new favorite place in Chinatown. Have the wood ear, the chicken with large hand shaved noodles and the dry fried beans.  The hand written menu is charming. And it really refreshing to eat dishes that a) I haven't had since I was in Xi'an and b) I've never had.
Xi'an cuisine? Not familiar with it but was willing to try as China has a lot of great culinary traditions. Six of us rode our motorcycles from all over (VA, NJ, NY) for a little reunion of friends and I usually get to pick where we eat. I looked at the Philly Chinatown choices and this one was interesting. Looked at reviews and pics and i was just salivating at the options. Liang pi (recommended, never had this before), biang biang noodles, sauteed spicy chicken and noodle (table next to us was enjoying theirs so we copied), pork intestine with hot peppers (yummy!), sauteed bokchoy with garlic. Xi'an cuisine seems to be a couple of steps lower in spiciness scale compared to Sichuan food which was fine as not all of us were fire eaters like me. Flavors were sometimes new (like the vinegar in the liang pi ad the complex pork intestine dish) or familiar like the sauteed bok choy but all our dishes were excellent. Everyone enjoyed a lot. Service started off as not too good because one of the guys didn't quite know how to ask for ice water or hot tea in a personable way. A little "xie xie", smiles and charm elicited some very good service from our waitress. Can't wait to go back for more. Highly recommended, specially if you stick with their specialties.
Have to try the Chinese burger, my favorite in Philadelphia!

It's not expensive either
Good hand made noodles. Spic, fresh, greasy, and tasty goodness. Nothing like Chinese food from somewhere other than the typical American-Chinese or Canton region to shake up your norm and  stereotypical Chinese cuisine. 
Relatively inexpensive as well, but remember the minimum order must be $15 in order to use a credit card.
After been here several time, my impression was absolutely bad services whatever or whenever. They were so rude and reluctant to serve while you ordering, asking for something, even paying check! Food was fine, but nothing surprise. I would never ever recommend this place for anyone, expect who I hated.
I feel like if I crave Chinese food for lunch, this is my go-to Chinatown spot. It's very casual, just a normal sit-down or takeout spot with table service. 

First visit, I had their spicy minced pork with chicken fried rice lunch meal (I always choose egg roll over the soup or can soda) and it was delicious! The food was the right portion (enough for leftovers!) and plentiful for a dine-in lunch. My next visit today, I finally tried the Chinese hamburger (my reason for even checking the spot out). I did regret not ordering the spicy minced pork burger since it was nothing really raving about. I also did the staple General Tso lunch special since that was my craving at the time. Their chicken fried rice is very good and so far, the leftovers held up when reheated. 

Service was great and the food arrived fairly fast (it was never empty when I went for lunch). They are attentive and friendly. I would like to try out more on their menu!
The Xi'an food was great，but the awful service ruined everything. There was a rude female server who chase the costumer outside and force costumer to give over 15% as the tip for lunch！This is a bad behavior and my friends said they won't come again！
DERICIOUS. Seriously delicious.

Between 3 people, we ordered 7 dishes -- because we were REALLY hungry and we also wanted to try everything.

My favorite dishes were the bok choy with edamame (cold dish) and the Biang Biang noodles ginger and scallions. Those Biang Biang noodles were BANGIN' , so much so that I almost got it again today.. but resisted temptation. At $5.95 it's so worth it. Lightly seasoned, PERFECT texture -- that chewy.. almost " buoyant" Q Q texture. I dreamt of it last night.

The Chinese hamburger was good, but just can't compare to the real ones I had when traveling in Xi'an. But for $3.50 I am relatively happy, and excited to go back and try the spicy version as well as the cumin version.

I also go the spicy minced pork noodle soup. It was good -- noodles well cooked. This is your dish if you like spicy + sour + noodle soup. Although it wasn't spicy enough for me. It looks blood red, but don't be scared! Really not spicy at all. 

The sesame Liang Pi was pretty good as well, not my favorite. I'd try the other Liang Pi dish though -- it's really traditional Xi'an cuisine so you might as well try it!

Scallion pancakes and Beef Ho Fun were standard, nothing exceptional but delicious all the same.

For our 7 dishes our total came to a whopping.. $45 pre-tip. I WILL BE BACK. probably tomorrow...

Biang biang noodles -- that is all
Somewhere between a 3 and 4 stars. I wasn't very impressed with the food. I ordered the cumin beef burger, biang biang noodles, hot and sour soup, and the spicy sour minced pork noodles for delivery. Everything was pretty bland and oily.
However, the delivery was very quick and neatly packed.
Came here for the lamb skewer, it was not the best one I've had before. We ordered a cold rice noodle and an order of lamb skewer, it was not lunch time so our stuff came out fairly quick. 
The cold noodle, the noodle was too soft but the sour spicy seasoning tasted very good. I would give it 3.5 star.
The lamb skewer, it didn't have a charcoal taste, more of oven baked. The secrets of a good lamb skewer is having some fat part in between, it kind works like ribeye, the fat part adds on flavors. I would give the skewers 3 out of 5. 
The service was good to add a star for the overall experience. I was expected this experience to be more authentic. I've went to this restaurant in nyc and I liked that one much better.
Went here for lunch based on Craig LaBan's review...the cumin beef skewers appetizer that he recommended in the review were amazing! Also had the Ma-La Hot with chicken, and boy was that spicy. Make sure to have plenty of water handy.  My husband had the spicy beef noodle soup which was very good but not as spicy as the Ma-La Hot.  On another occasion, my husband tried the spicy sour minced pork noodles, which is actually a soup, and he loved it.

The atmosphere of this restaurant is "basic Chinatown" so don't come here expecting anything fancy.  There is a tv screen on the wall that has a running slide show of photos of various menu items.

Because the restaurant was busy, we sat with some other people at one of the two large round tables in the back and got to see a few things they ordered. The Biang Biang noodles looked interesting, they are a huge thick, long noodle I am not sure what the sauce is. They also had the liang pi noodles, which were mentioned in LaBan's review, as these did not all get eaten they may not have liked them as much.

When I return I will plan to try more items under the "Chef's Recommendations" like the Chinese Hamburger and the sauteed spicy chicken and noodles.
This place is legit. I had never had food from the Xi'an region of China but I'm always up for trying something different and I was NOT disappointed. I ordered the Corn Egg Drop Soup which was good, but the show stealer was the Handmade East Noodles. You can choose from 3 options: Pork mandarin sauce, ginger scallion sauce or tomato and egg sauce. I got the tomato and egg sauce and it was DE-LISH. The only slightly confusing thing was that on the menu it says (no soup) but this was definitely a soup...not that I was complaining. 

My dad got the Biang Biang Noodles in lamb and beef soup and really enjoyed it.

Definitely recommend!
I opted to try out this restaurant to satisfy my curiosity for xian foods, and this place made a pretty good first impression. The only criticism I have for their dishes is that they tend to be in the salty side, however the quality of the food does not falter. I really enjoyed the biang biang noodles and the scallion pancake but I definitely couldn't finish a whole portion of either dishes because of the saltiness. The Chinese cheeseburger is also pretty good, but the skewers i also ordered felt too overly powdered. 

Will update my review if I get a different impression following a different visit.
Love this place... This is the third or fourth Szechuan place I've tried definitely the best!
Fresh Dough made  daily for all dumplings and noodles .... My favorite is the twice cooked pork
Mmmmmmmm....can't beat $7.95 lunch ....
Really sweet cute wait staff too... Extremely friendly and helpful ....keep it up!
Tagged along with the bf for dinner (I had already eaten).

I'd been meaning to try this place for the longest time, and so I couldn't resist taking a bite out of what he ordered. He got the Chinese hamburgers (rou jia mo) - non spicy, and the spicy minced pork noodles. 

The rou jia mo is mediocre, but hey, this is Philly, so I can't complain. Maybe the spicy version would have tasted better.

The spicy minced pork noodles were great! rich, fatty, and delicious! There's not much meat in there, but the soup broth is packed with flavor. The spice level is just right for me - pretty mild. Tried to convince the bf to order the biang biang noodles (a Xian specialty), but to no avail - next time!

Minus 1 star for $15 minimum for card.
I love liang pi-- it's spicy and refreshing and has such a satisfying texture in the mouth. This is my favorite place to get it and I even came once just to get liang pi after eating at another restaurant. They also had hot 豆浆 to drink which was perfect on the chilly day we came, as well as a great complement to the spicy foods. Ordering three dishes and two cups of 豆浆 was also pretty affordable to boot!
Based on the review in the Philadelphia Inquirer, a colleague and I went for a recent lunch.  My experience didn't match that article, nor the reviews here on Yelp.  To be fair, I'd consider going back, to give the place another try.

The place is comparatively small, with 2- and 4-top tables in the front.  There is a large round of 8 in the back, which we shared with two other parties.  Our food was "OK."  Of the others, one couple ate silently without comment.  The other couple regretted their choices and left without finishing.

Service was poor.  The table didn't have "set-ups".  Water glasses were dirty, and tepid tap water was served.  We waited a long time to order.  The wrong order was brought to us.  Not all credit cards are accepted.
I ordered an order for pick up and it was great! 

Pros:
-Huge portion sizes
-Delicious (spicy sour pork noodle soup and dry sautéed green beans) 
-packaged VERY well (noodles were in a separate container, soup was still BOILING hot when I trekked 20 min back to the hotel, and green beans and rice were packed separate as well)
-super nice staff 

Cons:
-quote time was 10-35 minutes... wish they quoted a more accurate time frame 
-wish the soup had more meat and veggies
I went here today and found a roach in my chicken and broccoli. I was so extremely upset!  Since I ordered via PayPal, they wanted to give me a credit for the next time instead of the cash. I refused because as far as I'm concerned, there wil NEVER be a next time.
Food was decent. We had lamb skewers (about $12 for 6 skewers), pita bread in beef and lamb soup (also around $12), Xi'an noodle, and cumin Chinese hamburger. Lamb skewers was super skinny, barely any meat. Pita bread in beef and lamb soup was not bad but the quality doesn't really match the price. Xi'an noodle was pretty good. Cumin beef Chinese burger only had a couple of piece meat considering it costs $4.5. I did bring that to the manager's attention but he just straight up ignored it. Not sure if I would return. Not to mention I left hungry.
Parking was hard to find. My hopes were high I was looking forward to have some Xi'an dishes. The restaurant was medium size after we sat down more people trickled in and they had these 2 8-people round tables in the back that started to fill up. We saw the other tables having more or less the same dishes, the Chinese burger with braised pork, a bowl of spicy looking noodles and a handmade noodle with spices. We ordered a few things. The bubble milk tea was good the tapioca pearls were soft and the tea had a good flavor. However it kept leaking from the side when I was drinking even when it was not full. The Chinese burger was tasty. The liang pi was average it was not as well seasoned as the one in NYC. The biang biang noodles was probably the highlight it was this uneven handmade noodles in a blend of ginger scallion and red pepper sauce. the biang biang noodles in pork and beef was interesting with its very herbal aromatic broth. The biang biang noodles would be the best dishes to try. We also had the cold spicy szechuan chicken it definitely was executed differently from a szechuan restaurant. It was mild and had an interesting texture. I think I prefer the szechuan version.  I also saw people having the meat skewers which looked good. While at lunch, there was this very obnoxious Chinese boy about 9-10 years old he must have some issues he was screaming on the top of his lungs about something in his noodle bowl I think I heard "worms" and "disgusting" in Mandarin. He also really made an effort to stomp around the restaurant on his way to the restroom, all these while his mom or older companion was engrossed on the phone. It was really disturbing to dine in that environment. I wished the experience was better.
The food was very authentic Xi'an traditional food. Noodles, Chinese hamburger and tofu were all great. 

The lamb skewers could be seasoned better though.
We ordered the chives pie, spicy cucumbers and pita soaked in lamb soup. 
So freaking good! We thought we'd died and gone to heaven over the cucumbers. Wish we had ordered at least one more. (1 easily serves 2 ppl but they are soooo good) 
The pita in soup- yum. Didn't care for the big mushrooms, but the flavors and textures were delish. Perfect for the cold winter weather we are having now. 
Can't want to come back to Philly to order again.
such bad survice。we wait 3 hours for the delivery but also not receive it. Such a bad restaurant.
The food is amazing and the service is always so fast, accommodating, and will have your food out within 20min or less (depending on the size of your party). I have only had absolutely wonderful experiences here in this Mom and Pop shop. 

Open the menu and definitely stick to the Chef Specialities (they're first for a reason!) I highly recommend the Biang Biang Noodles (either one is delicious). They're so simple, yet so delicious with the combinations of spices and sauce. Also, the Chinese Hamburger is something out of this world. Considering it's a crisp flat bun with a mixture of meat inside, there's something so incredibly delicious about it. My friends also ordered the Beef Soup, which they raved about how spicy it was, without overshadowing the flavour. Also, with a copious amount of meat and noodles, which is never a problem.
My boyfriend and I have a rule that we have to try every new restaurant that opens in Chinatown. It's a good rule. Especially when the place is as different and spot-on as Xi'an Sizzling Woks. 

From the outside, it doesn't look so great. The seating is poorly designed and some of the tables and chairs are basically being pushed out the front door. Not great. But have no fear, the food and service made up for it.

We tried four small dishes, and some of them turned out to be huge so we had leftovers for days. Out of the Liang Pi, the Lamb Soup with Pita Bread, the Spicy Pork Noodles (which turned out to be a soup!), and the Chinese Hamburger, the Lamb Soup was my favorite. It was one of the most unique dishes I have ever tasted, and the bread was the perfect texture. I believe there was even tripe in this dish, but the way that it was cooked was the best that I have ever had.

Although all of the food was exciting, new and interesting, none of it was revolting or Fear Factor like. The flavors were strong and complex, but still very likable for anyone and everyone. Can't wait to start coming here more often!
i learned about this place via search for "handmade noodles" on yelp.  xi'an was one of highlights of my travels to mainland china, and xi'an offerings in the us are sparse.  i ended up eating here twice during daytrip to philly, then ordering takeout to export to maryland. :) 

paomo yangrou - flavor and pita pieces reminscent of xi'an.  2nd time i've had this in the us.  both us places need to include more lamb.  
biang biang mian - loved the handshaved noodles for their irregularity.  i could lift up to my forehead (without slouching).  seasoning was a little erratic, with some pockets/veggies being too salty.  

takeout:  if the noodles in the liang pi and dapan jiban are the same as those in the biang biang mian (as i think the staff told me), much was lost in the takeout/refrigerated version (i'm not blaming the restaurant, just saying they're best enjoyed while fresh).  liang pi noodles stayed separated, dapan jiban didn't.  xi'an bing i ordered largely out of curiosity, potato fillings retained flavor.  soybean/bok choy had smoky unique flavor on the day after i ordered, somewhat diminished on day 2.  still need to try to chive pies and spicy cucumbers...

special shout-out to the all-female staff, whom i absolutely adored.  i really enjoyed our conversations, weirdly felt like i was visiting family.  best staff i've ever encountered in a chinese, or perhaps any, restaurant.  i'd give 4.25 to 4.5 stars for the food, rounding up to 5 for the experience.
A tiny restaurant featuring Xi'an cuisines in Chinatown, and we had dinner here. Ordered the chicken with noodles and lamb. The chicken with noodles was actually originated in the Xinjiang Province, but has been popular thought China. It was quite a large size, with a lot of chickens, noodles, potatoes and onions. The lamb was roasted with cumin and chili, so it was spicy.
This is the best Chinese food in the city. Authentic, and fast. The house specialties are worth a try. The chicken was tender and the portion sizes were very generous. The waitress was friendly and helpful when ordering, and the food came out very quickly. I will definitely be back very soon.
NOTE: I literally only ordered the Chinese Hamburger so this review is strictly on JUST that. 

As a Cantonese person, I've been super intrigued by different Chinese street foods. The Chinese Hamburger is something I've seen and heard about when it comes to Top street foods of China. 
Going into this I knew that there was a huge possibility that this probably isn't the best place to get the Chinese Hamburger, but I wanted to get an idea regardless. 

Ordered the Spicy Minced Pork Chinese Hamburger and it was a bit disappointing for me. I'm not really sure what the outer layer was, but it wasn't toasted long enough and it kind of tasted like an English Muffin. The Pork was also kind of dry and the combination of dry bread and meat was so dry it gave me hiccups. It was also so oily that it began to seep through the bag they give you. It eventually got on my pants, which now I have something to remind me of this experience. 

I wouldn't recommend getting the Chinese Hamburger here. I'm confident that there's other places in Philly or maybe in NY that has better ones and I'd be willing to try again. It's not pricy and it's quick to eat. I'm also sure their other dishes are a lot better so I recommend ordering those.
Don't know how this place has 4 stars. Most of the food is no better than average. That plus the rude service by the waitress knocks it from a solid 3 to a weak 2. We had multiple dishes. None of which blew me away.
My favorite spot in Chinatown. It's small and it's on the edge so maybe you thought about not going but trust me this place is a delight. My two favorite dishes here are the:
 1-Spicy Cumin Beef - which is less spicy than aggressively cuminy but overall wholly delicious. We all kind I'd throw around the phrase "bold flavor" but this is really a flavor that stands up and screams at you "I AM CUMIN"
2- Chicken with potatoes and noodles- this originally fascinated me solely because I can't think of many times I have seen potatoes in Chinese cooking. This thing is enormous and delicious. Small pieces of bone in chicken, potatoes and broad noodles in a spicy oil sauce. It's a bit complicated to eat. The bones are hard to deal with, the sauce gets everywhere and the noodle is unwieldy and hard to cut but bonnet of that matters because it tastes so good.
Don't bother ordering delivery if you want your food the same day. They deceptively posted a 30-40 minute delivery window, but after an hour 15 minutes it still hadn't even been completed, let alone left the restaurant. I love Sichuan cuisine and am now left hungry and sad. Never again.
My friend and I came here for dinner last night, and it exceeded expectations. To start, we ordered the Xi'an Liang Pi and the Wonton. Both were good, although I preferred the Wonton since I don't particularly enjoy the vinegar taste in the Liang Pi.

As entrees we shared the Special Ma-La Hot (Fish fillet), which was nice and spicy. However, the quality of the fish could have been better. We also shared the Spicy Sauteed Cabbage with Chilis, which was my favorite dish. Replete with both chili and garlic, the taste was to my liking.

Also, the service was good for a casual Chinatown restaurant, and once a server even offered to bring me more hot tea. Definitely a plus!
I got the liang pi, biang biang noodles, and lamb skewers to-go. Overall all of them were pretty average (3.5 stars). I've had much more flavorful biang biang noodles elsewhere, and both liang pi and lamb skewers were okay but nothing special. Not sure if it's because maybe they had to rush to make our food -- I had called to order beforehand, but when I got there to pick up the food they realized they forgot to send the order to the kitchen so they told me to come back in 10 min.
