I've been waiting for Yeeroh to open for awhile now, ever since I was headed to Govinda's next door and saw the construction. So glad it finally has! It's absolutely delicious!! 

This tiny, new "modern Greek grill" is located just off of Broad, perhaps a bit off the beaten path for some. (That didn't seem to be affecting business however). It's a casual pay at the counter joint with just a few seats. Maybe for 8-10 people, tops. Definitely not a place to hit up with a larger group. 

The menu is rather simple....salad, platters (for carnivores, vegetarians and vegans alike), shawarma, skewers (again, meat and veggie options), pita and a few dip choices, baklava, daily specials, and my favorite, the zucchini fries, which are OUTRAGEOUS!!! A MUST TRY!! 

The pita is perfectly warm and toasted, and the hummus and eggplant dip (both dairy free) are fantastic and made the littles quite happy. The eggplant dip was so super flavorful! I have no idea what's in it, especially to make it so creamy without dairy, but's it's wonderful. Perfect Mediterranean seasoning. 

The fries as I mentioned are killer! Served with a creamy dipping sauce and must be eaten immediately, which shouldn't be a problem. They hold their form for quite awhile but the breading does fall off eventually leaving it to be a fork only situation. 

The veggies skewers are fantastic, smokey flavored and packed with large chunks . 

Our first visit was for a lunch takeout which was ordered online via their website. Our food was ready rather quickly and while I waited for the nice folks behind the counter to bag everything up I watched as every patron was making love to their overflowing silver platters. Everyone was in heaven! The meat was given generously, was dripping with juices and was falling apart. Looked very tender...and messy. 

I definitely look forward to dining in and getting down and dirty with a big veggie gyro myself one day! And I'll certainly be stopping by to splurge on those memorable zucchini fries! OMG! 

So happy to have Yeeroh on this end to Broad to satisfy my Greek cravings in a pinch. I have a feeling we'll be seeing a lot of each other. Great easy pick up for the kiddos too! Winning!

4.5 Stars
So disappointing! 

My husband and I went to Yeeroh on Sunday evening for takeout. It has been on our radar for a while and we were stoked to try a new-to-us Greek restaurant. He ordered a lamb gyro while I had a salad with chicken added. Total with two bottles of water was around $25. 

The restaurant smelled delicious and our to-go bag was heavy so we were ready to chow down when we got home. I opened my salad box and was really surprised to find no lettuce at all. Worse, the tomatoes were so mealy, and the red onion was overpowering! The chicken was the shaved gyro kind, not pieces of grilled chicken as I expected. 

My husband was also unhappy with his sandwich. It was constructed sort of sloppily and all of the cheese and tzatziki was glopped in one section so the ingredients didn't really mix together. 

I'm really hoping our bad experience was a fluke, and I'm willing to go back for another try sometime. I really want to try those zucchini fries!
Yeeroh is a new & tasty fast food option near the Broad and South Street intersection. And of course they specialize in gyros.  You can build your own or select one of their suggested gyros.  Sometimes I don't feel like thinking too much so I just went for the Diavolo with zucchini fries.  I can tell you this is a large and messy sandwich which is probably why it was also tasty.  It's not really that hot as its name would suggest and indeed I did not care for the ghost peppers and their texture & flavor that much.  But I liked everything else.  And the zucchini fries were a nice change from your usual French fries. Service was def friendly, there's free water to drink, and you can eat-in or take-out.  Yeeroh is a good addition to Center City Philadelphia.
This is my new go-to takeout joint! I just discovered the awesomeness that is Yeeroh when they catered one of my work lunches recently. They provided an impressive array of pita sandwiches filled with either chicken or pork gyro, loaded with fries, with tzatziki and hummus on the side. The catering tray included a wide selection of their desserts, including baklava, orange cake, and kadayifi. The food was bomb and so plentiful I took home 4 pita sandwiches and enjoyed them every day afterwards. All the desserts looked so tempting but I went for the classic baklava and was not disappointed. 

I still wasn't sick of Yeeroh after a week of leftovers, so I went ahead and ordered takeout for 2 days in a row the following week. I opt to make my own pita sandwich, and I highly recommend going with the pork gyro- it is so flavorful and the best in my opinion. You have to add the fries too - definitely worth the extra $1. One sandwich makes for a hearty, filling meal for one, although my husband loves them so much he can scarf down two. I unfortunately do not have any photos because I dive into the food as soon as it's ready, it's that good.
Great drunk food or weekday lunch - and it's tough to find something that works for both! I've been there once and ordered delivery once and both times got the Diavolo (it made me cry but was so worth it - beware, it's just as spicy as it sounds!) My boyfriend got one of their trays and loved it. And now I know how to pronounce gyro! Highly recommend for a quick, filling, delicious meal.
So excited this is finally open! I've been telling my co-workers about this place anxiously awaiting!! 

Yesterday I got a few orders from my co-workers and went to pick up lunch. You order at the counter and they make your food to order, I expected this would take a while but was pleasantly surprised that it was only 10 minutes total (ordering and waiting). Upon first glance everything looked immaculate, the space is small but thoughtfully laid out...I would also be happy to dine in.

The girl at the counter was very friendly, she took my order and helped me along the way since it was my first time there and you can customize your gyro exactly how you want it. It was interesting to sit there and watch them assemble everything, they've got three "spits" going with chicken, pork and lamb with a long counter space with the toppings and sauces. I believe the owner was dining in as I was waiting, he was friendly and made some small talk and held the door open for me as I left. 

Got back to the office and all were happily surprised at the weight of the gyros..you could tell they were stuffed!

I personally decided to go with a lamb "tray" as everyone else got gyros (lamb is an up-charge but I feel like you HAVE to get lamb). Mine came in two boxes..one with the pita slices, gyro meat, salad and tzatziki and the other with the zucchini fries. I was stuffed by the time I was done with everything. I had plenty of pita and fries left over to share. Everyone was so impressed with the portion sizes, flavor and quality.

We will definitely be ordering from here more often!!! One request to Yeeroh...enable online ordering for fast pick up! Another gyro place opened up only a few blocks from my office but we all decided this was a much better value (portion size was practically double) and the food was much better overall (yeeroh offers lamb and the other place does not..).
I would say these are the worst gyros I have tasted in my life . I ordered the classic chicken. The chicken was dry and the tazitzki sauce was tasteless.  I will never go back . 

After my review the manager cared enough to contact me and explained that the chicken can sometimes get dry even though they make every effort to keep it juicy,so I will go back but this time I will try the lamb gyros . I'm glad he cared enough.
Well, this is disappointing. I placed an order around 10:45 Friday night thinking that with the restaurant closing at 11:30, this would be plenty of time. The order was accepted and I receipted a couple of confirmation emails. However, as the night went on, there was no estimated delivery time, and I realized over an hour had passed. Having ordered Yeeroh for delivery in the past, I knew that past orders had taken about an hour. I called the number in my confirmation email to check on the status, and a man answered and seemed extremely annoyed that I had called. I explained that I was hoping to check on the status on my order since it was getting very late, and he told me "it's on the way" and hung up. I decided to wait longer, but around 12:20, nearly TWO hours after I placed my order, there was nothing. This time, my boyfriend called, and the same man answered and rudely told him that the order had been filled and there was nothing he could do and to call in the morning if there was a problem. The unprofessionalism and complete disinterest in whether or not an order had ACTUALLY been filled was shocking. Again, I've been to and ordered delivery from Yeeroh many times and never experienced this. There was no apology or concern at ALL.

At around 12:40, when I was in bed, the order finally arrived. It was cold, soggy, and disgusting - nothing like I have ever received before.
Ordered delivery from here for the first time tonight. The portions are hilariously small and not worth the price. The pictures on their Door Dash are not remotely representative of what you get. 

If you're craving Greek, order from South Street Souvlaki instead.
Yeeroh was such a good takeout experience! My partner and I shared the mix grill platter (which had Greek sausage, pork souvlaki, chicken souvlaki,  beef and lamb kebab, pork belly, all piled on top of fries and pita bread with onions and tomatoes). It came with tzatziki sauce as well on the side. We also ordered a side of dolmades and a small side eggplant dish and we absolutely loved it all. The dolmades were slightly sweet, which was a little different than other dolmades that we've had, and the eggplant was also delicious- it wasn't baba ganoush like we thought it might be but still good, more on the bright and pickled kind of flavor spectrum. The mix grill platter was plenty of food for the two of us- they really piled in the fries and meats. The only thing is that I kind of wish they had given us actual pita pockets on the side and not sliced triangles of it on the bottom where it got slightly lost and soggy.  Overall though, would highly recommend if you're craving Greek food, everything was cooked to perfection and absolutely delicious and fresh tasting. The sausages were our favorite out of the mix and we'll be back for more!
These portions are huge. The photos up right now were definitely representative of what you get. For $12, you get fries, a stack of meat, veggies and maybe 3 pita breads sliced up into quarters. The most memorable thing is probably the house tzatziki. It's so fresh and cucumbery. 

They are definitely not skimpy on anything. Food came out really fast too (less than 10 minutes). Try and get it to go maybe? You'll probably have leftovers.
Is it nouveau Greek? Is it Mediterranean fusion? After the first bite, you will not care about classifying this small establishment located close to Broad and South. I ordered the zucchini fries (delicious, but let's not kid ourselves; though less filling than potato fries, they are still fried, people!) and chicken platter with a variety of dips (cucumber and tart yogurt; babaganoush; and spicy feta--my least favorite). As noted on Yelp, portions are HUGE but they reheat well for leftovers over the next two days. They give you lots of soft and warm pita bread triangles with your dinner, which also keep well.

For $25, you can feed two adults to the point of being stuffed AND have tons of leftovers.
Excellent Gyros easily worth 4 - 4.5 stars. I tried both the Chicken and Pork so far and both were fantastic. The Gyros are huge, topped with fresh ingredients including the delicious house-made Tzatziki sauce and french fries as a topping as well. The inclusion of fries as a topping works very well and not that uncommon (common practice in both Germany and Canada).

I would highly recommend trying the zucchini fries as a side. They are amazing and served again with that delicious house made Tzatziki sauce for dipping. 

The restaurant is not very large but the food tends to be a quick eat so I didn't have to wait for a table on either visit. Staff was friendly and service was good.

Great job guys - I will be back for sure. Nice addition to the Philly scene.

BK
AUTHENTIC Greek gyro finally from someone in Philly. I've been waiting for something like this for the 7 years I've been in US. The gyro (or yeeroh much more accurately they make) is not just authentic, it is importantly delicious

Perfect portion size
Very good grilling of the pita, not sorry soggy, not charrburned
Fillings and spreads are in great consistency and ratio
The meat is delicious
Fries are pretty good, zuchini fries awesome!
We were here on a late Saturday night past mid-night for some after drinks food. We ordered zucchini fries, made to order sandwich and their most spicy Diablo sandwich. The food came out pretty fast. All sandwiches had fries. The fries were how I like - not thin but definitely not very thick. Just perfect. Zucchini fries were fresh. The only problem was that the oil was not drained properly so it was very oily. May be they took it out too soon since we ordered a take out. Will give them benefit of doubt here. The sandwiches were tasty and had good portion of meat.  Sandwiches for $10 Or made to order for $9. Platters were $12. The prices were ok, not too high not cheap. The food tasted fine. The spicy sandwich was really spicy. So caution there.
Overall, I do recommend this place. They had lot of take out orders a d I think they are on yelp-eats too.
I work in the area and stopped for lunch. Compared to other restaurants in the city, the gyro was mediocre. I got the original, which was pretty dry. Next time I think I will just grab one from a halal truck nearby, as it is cheaper and more flavorful.  I see this place as a trendy spot but it didn't really live up to the hype.
The portions are HUGE here. I've never gone without leftovers (and a full meal's worth, at that).

The fries and pita are super soft, the toppings are great, and the meat is on point. Highly recommended.
Well let's start off with the cool niche ambience of this place. Came in on a Sunday night and was promptly received with a smile and all questions answered ! I don't eat pork so I had to go for the lamb and that was not a mistake !
I ordered the lamb tray with zucchini fries and tzarziki sauce ! For toppings I had the tomatoes, spinach, crumble feta ( a must) and red peppers!
Warning : unless you are hungry don't order the tray for yourself ! I don't regret one second though. It def can feed 2 people comfortably ! The meat was succulent and tender . The sauce was on point, warm pita bread and I asked for a bit of hummus and they gave it to me at no charge ! A++! Will definitely come back for a smaller meal with maybe chicken but overall loved ! Great addition to this city
My boyfriend and I recently discovered this new restaurant while Yelp-hunting for cheap, filling eats near out apartment. Both of us wanted something warm and satisfying, while I was craving something vegetarian with a brewing Hanger (my boyfriend's greatest fear). Yeeroh was the perfect solution, with the addition perk of finally putting to rest my confusion on how the word "gyro" is pronounced!!

The venue is very hip and clean (exposed brick, twinkle lights, trendy music); there are several tables, but they are obviously catering toward quick meals and takeout. Staff was awesome, very friendly and efficient. Yeeroh's menu offers Classic Sandwiches (set ingredients) as well as build-your-own sandwiches, a variety of starters, and some desserts. Each sandwich comes with a choice of zucchini fries or regular fries - you can choose to have them put into your gyro, or you can opt to have them on the side.

We decided to start with Feta Fries, which are similar in concept to Mozzarella sticks with a less Instagrammable cheese pull. But the feta flavor with the wonderfully seasoned and crispy coating really hit the spot, and successfully stemmed the Hanger while we waited for our gyros. I ordered a lovely vegetarian gyro on a wheat pita. The warm grilled veggies are well seasoned and paired perfectly with fresh spinach, tomato, and cucumber  that I opted for. The zucchini fries were amazing - thinly sliced, crispy, and indulgent but still "healthy" (I.e. guilt-free!). My boyfriend ordered The Diavolo - this monster of a sandwich is perfect for those who are hungry and those who love spice. It's stuffed with chicken, spicy feta sauce, GHOST PEPPER HOT SAUCE, pepperonis, and fries (yes the fries are IN the gyro). My boyfriend loved it, and I definitely had a few bites and many stolen fries. It may be that my boyfriend and I are used to spicy foods and have had our taste buds burned off, but The Diavolo wasn't overwhelmingly spicy. It definitely had a good kick, but anyone who can handle Hot Cheetos would be able to handle The Diavolo.

We ended our meal with Baklava (because when there is baklava, you can't not order it). It was a tad pricey at $5.50 a piece, but it's a decently large piece. I'm a bit of a baklava snob so I wouldn't say it was anything special, but I definitely enjoyed it.

To conclude, I must emphasize how generous the portions are, given the price. For less than $10 a person, you will get both quality and quantity. Definitely planning on returning here if I need a quick take-out meal, regardless of whether I'm feeling more of a #cleaneats or a #treatyoself mood!
Went here for Saturday afternoon late lunch. The dining area was new and clean, but quite empty. It seems like they do a lot of delivery (caviar, etc) and takeout. Plenty of great food spins on the classic gyro. I wanted to stick with their staple and ordered a chicken tray with olives, arugula, peppers and the spicy feta. The tray is absolutely a fresh presentation and showcased their variety of toppings. The whole time I was indulging in the fresh pita bread and chicken was how clean everything tasted. The abundant zucchini fries were light and flavorful. The spicy feta sauce was creamy and packed a nice kick. I did not feel absolutely bloated after the meal and it was a hefty portion! Great spot and will be back to try more of their menu.
Greek food is not Philly's forte and I have found other Greek places mediocre at best. However, Yeeroh was very good. 

The chicken souvlaki was well seasoned and tender with 2 large skewers given in the platter. The pita was warm thick and chewy! The tzantziki was extra garlicky which I loved!

My husband had the lamb gyro which was also huge in portion, but the meat was surprisingly dry. It was about average. 

The zucchini fries are amazing! They are so fried and salty they taste as good as (if not better) than regular fries!

The prices are steep given that this is simple Greek food. The lamb gyro was $12! (They do use 100% lamb meat though). The platter does not even come with rice and was $12.50. I think the portions somewhat make up for it, but it still is overpriced. 

I had to take one star off for their customer service. They forgot a part of our order and we didn't realize it until we got home...and there was no way to speak with anyone-only a voicemail box. However, they have since changed their phone line so that you can now reach a live employee when you call their line. I was disappointed that a part of our order was missing, so make sure you check your bag before leaving, if you are getting take out!
Finally a legitimate Yeeroh spot in Philly. We had the pork Yeeroh, lamb Yeeroh and side of loukaniko. All were delicious and very tender and none of the processed stuff. Very clean and great service. Feta sticks will be had next time...they sold out so they must be good!
Stopped in for lunch and it was pretty empty but there were a number of food delivery companies that were picking up orders. I got the Classic  chicken gyro. The pita was soft and slightly warm and so was the meet. The fries were crunchy and the veggies were fresh. Then I had a side of baklava which wasn't overly sweet and very flaky. 

My major issue with this restaurant was with the utensils. The fork and knife that I got were dirty. Then I got up to get another and those were dirty too. That's just so nasty. Are they not washing things properly. I grabbed a plastic spoon so that I could eat my dessert. 

Overall the food was good but I'm still concerned about the fact that the utensils are so dirty.
Yeeroh definitely has the best casual Greek food I've had in Philly. The pork gyro tray and the dips did not disappoint! Unlike some other rather chewy experiences with pork gyro, Yeeroh actually rendered a lot of the fat off of the meat leaving it crispy but still not dry. It was seasoned well too! The tray comes with a side of fries (or potatoes or zucchini fries for an up-charge), and your choice of veggies. I loved how customizable it was - picky eaters will be perfectly happy here. I also tried the tzatziki and the spicy feta dip, served with lots of pita wedges, and both were fantastic. I actually want to modify my tzatziki recipe to be more like theirs (and that is saying something 'cause I usually think mine is better ). For dessert I had the baklava which was average, the bottom was a little soggy and I felt it had a bit of a strange aftertaste. 

I spent about $23.00 for all of that food and it lasted me three meals. You could definitely split the tray and still might not finish it. For the leftovers, I recommend warming the fries and meat in the oven until crispy then topping with the veggies and the tzatziki dressing for a little loaded Greek fry action.
We ordered Friday night delivery from this place because we were in the mood for easy Greek/middle eastern food and the quality of the food was so disappointing. The one thing they did well was delivery--it was very fast and the order was accurate. 

The rest was truly a bummer. We got a chicken souvlaki pita sandwich, a falafel pita sandwich, the feta sticks, and sides of regular and zucchini fries. The sandwiches were dry; the feta was super low quality and tasted like rubber, and the zucchini fries were an unsalted, oily soggy mess. I like to think that we just picked the wrong menu items or that if we were able to dine in it would be better, but for now we can't recommend this place and we won't be going back.
For fast, good, (somewhat) healthy food... Yeeroh is my go-to! The village salad (no lettuce, just good veggies, feta, olives, and vinaigrette), with some protein (their skewers are GREAT - and you can order them individually), and their zucchini fries = my perfect dinner (with plenty leftover for lunch or dinner tomorrow). I've tried their lamb (on the salad), pork, chicken, all are delicious. Ordered the dolmades tonight, too, and they are VERY good. Prices are on point, delivery is fast. I haven't eaten IN house, but I do crave Yeeroh delivery! Haven't tried their hummus or sandwiches, but will give them a shot in the future - everything I've had delivered from Yeeroh has been fresh and yummy!
Found this place by accident browsing through Yelp and decided to drop in. I got a gyro tray and hummus. The hummus was DELICIOUS! I'm still thinking about it to this day!  A lot of hummus that I've had in the past had a slightly sour taste to it (like the store bought brand) but the one here didn't have that. The portions were sizable and the meat was flavorful ( I think I got lamb).

I went around lunch time and it seemed like a lot of the customers were take out orders. I was really impressed when we ordered, sat down and waited for our food to be called but instead, one of the staff dropped it off at our table. They're very friendly there and I don't know for sure but it seems family owned. 

Two thumbs up from me!
Honestly, got takeaway so maybe it's better had fresh in the restaurant, because by the time we got it home everything was kind of soggy. Also took quite a while even though we were the only people in the whole place

I got a platter, which had a fair amount of food, but felt like it was a bit over priced. Unfortunately, the tzatzki sauce that was supposed to come with my zucchini fries wasn't in the bag when we got home. Over all it was a little less than just "ok." Over priced, soggy by the time we got it home and took a while without explanation. 

This place is still relatively new so maybe they still need to work through somethings. Might consider trying it again, but with so many options in that area I won't be rushing back.
Ordered delivery they said it be 35+ mins to get to me it maybe took 20 mins. I ordered a chicken gyro with zucchini fries and a soda totaled $17. I was satisfied the food was great filling and didn't feel bad after eating like I might have would if I choose the regular fries. It was delicious and I would order here again.
The yeerohs we got here were delicious! Packed with food, an excellent amount for the price! I've missed tzaziki sauce and have been trying to find a greek place that offers more than just meat options. I loved the mushrooms! Feta fries were great and abundant. The service was good and our order for pickup was ready within 10minutes of calling in. 

I was disappointed to hear they changed their menu from select 5 adittional toppings to now only select 2. They seemed really confused when I referred to 5 option being shown on every yelp menu that people have posted.

I wasn't impressed with the lemon potatoes.. pretty bland. And to be nitpicky I wished all the food was warmer upon opening.
I order delivery from here regularly and LOVE the food. It's always so SO fresh and the portions are generous. Most importantly, the food is consistent. I don't think I've ever had a bad meal from here. Also, delivery is super timely!

Falafel, chicken, hummus, rice, it's all so so good. My only qualm is it's a bit pricey for takeout gyro but it's a good meal guaranteed.
Just had a terrific 'Spartan' salad there. Really delicious, I'll be back!
Definitely lives up to the yelp hype. I got the classic pork gyro with zucchini fries (comes inside gyro or on side). The gyro was phenomenal. The pork (which you don't get from halal shops) was delicious. Tender, slightly crispy, and well seasoned. Generous amount of meat perfectly balanced with onion/tomato and a perfectly grilled pita. And the tzatziki sauce was awesome, thick with a good amount of garlic. Zucchini fries were great too! Light, crispy, and not too heavily battered. 

Awesome, inexpensive place with great fast service
It takes 30 minutes to make 2 sandwiches in an empty restaurant. They do not answer their phones for pick up.  The place has horrible ventilation.  This being said, they are new and I imagine they will be working out the kinks.
Yeeroh is awesome! Great addition to South St. I went with my fiancé for a quick dinner and our expectations were definitely exceeded. We both had the chicken gyro sandwich with fries on the side - regular for him and zucchini fries for me. The sandwiches were HUGE and so good. The chicken is carved fresh for each sandwich. Choice of spread and lots of toppings options. I also really enjoyed the zucchini fries! Don't get me wrong - they aren't like a regular french fry. But they don't taste like you're eating "healthy" either - a good balance! I definitely recommend! I will warn that the restaurant itself is small so best for only two people or take out.
This place is great! It's become a frequent stop on the way home from Center City. They serve all their dishes on cool metal trays. The lamb is awesome but get there early, they often sell out. Oh, yeah, and don't forget the zucchini fries! Staff is very friendly and will sometimes chat you up while waiting for your food. Definitely a place to check out!
Delicious food, great service, reasonably prices. 
If you love authentic food this is the place!
Ordered on grub hub and was not disappointed. The portions are enormous and everything was really fresh. Highly recommend!
Love everything about this place ! Gyros (yee- Roh) are on point, staff are very friendly and helpful as well!
This is Philly's best kept Greek secret. Incredible vegetarian options. Everything from the pita sandwich's to the salad to the lemon potatoes was absolutely delicious!!
Just ordered from Yeeroh on Grubhub. We weren't super hungry so we decided to split a Tray with lamb gyro meat, tzatziki, and zucchini fries with cucumbers, olives, roasted red peppers, and crumbled feta. HOLY MOLY IS THAT A LOT OF DELICIOUS FOOD.

Prepare yourself for amazing quality, easy Greek food. The lamb was cooked just right. That tzatziki... The zucchini fries! I never had zucchini fries before and they were a great first introduction.

I would definitely recommend this spot for lunch or a "light" dinner or pretty much any time someone is craving Greek. We will absolutely be back.
Lived right by this place for a bit and never tried it...until now!!!! The gyros here in general are delicious and very filling. I've ordered an array of food from here and haven't been disappointed yet. The meat is so well seasoned- anything you get will be delicious!!
So good!!! Everything was very fresh for a faster food place. The gyro was just like the ones I've had in Greece. The tzatziki was amazing, you must get it! Overall will definitely be back. The staff was super friendly and very helpful in recommending good options!
Just had the Diavolo for the second time and am putting the it on my personal list of top ten sandwiches in the city! I know, bold call. Grilled pita sandwich stuffed with chicken gyro, spicy feta spread, ghost pepper hot sauce, peperoncini peppers, cucumbers and fries right on top. Heaven or hell? SO GOOD.
I've ordered Yeeroh a handful of times and enjoyed their fast-casual Greek food. Glorious gyros, tangy feta sticks, and crispy french fries, oh my!

Alas, my most recent visit to grab a takeout salad ended in sadness and kind of soured this place for me. 

A couple of days ago, I was hankering for something healthy so I went with the CYO salad option, which was supposed to be $7.99. I added a side of tzatziki along with the vinaigrette. I'm not sure how much additional it cost me, but I can assure you it didn't drive my total up to $11 and change, because it was a typical small cup. 

On this early afternoon, Yeeroh didn't seem to quite have it together, and things were a little slow. But because I could see the cooks doing their thing in the kitchen at a respectable pace, I decided my patience was warranted. They were ultra busy, after all!

I hauled my salad home after waiting at least ten minutes. I was so hangry that the price discrepancy didn't even occur to me until after I was finished eating. So what hit me right away? They forgot my damn feta.

That is not okay.

Plus, the portion of chicken shawarma was paltry af. This salad was the size of a side salad I'd make at home. That means big for a side salad, but not large enough to be a full meal type of deal salad.

Size does matter.

Especially when you're hangry. Ultimately, I was so upset over this salad that I wound up caving later on while I was at work and ordered a gigantic fried shrimp hoagie. By then, I literally felt lightheaded and couldn't think about anything but fat and carbs. I wasn't even hangry at that point. I was just depressed and starving.

I'm giving 3 stars only because of previous good experiences here, but I wouldn't get a salad again. Another similar spot provides salads that are three times as large with about a half pound of meat, so yeah. No.
Came to try out this new spot on south street with a few friends on a Monday night. It was casual and clean with a decent amount of seating. The staff was helpful and knowledgeable. You have the option of a sandwich or a platter and are able to choose your own toppings and spread. I went with a chicken soulvaki sandwich. The best part by far were the zucchini fries--AMAZING. They are well seasoned and crispy (for zucchini fries). Overall, a great authentic spot for gyro that's worth the money. Will definitely be back!
Dining Partner and I stopped by Yeeroh for takeout on Friday around 5:30. We placed our orders with the woman at the counter and then took a seat as our food was prepared. There is a good amount of seating and a TV in the front of the restaurant. I had the chicken gyro on a whole wheat pita with tzatziki. I was asked if I wanted fries and went with the zucchini fries. Dining Partner got the lamb gyro with tzatziki, onions, and tomatoes and regular fries. When we got home we were surprised to find the fries on our gyro. Aside from surprised we were also a little disappointed because the fries had become soggy in the wrapped sandwich. I ended up taking them off and eating them as I ate my gyro anyway. The gyro itself was stuffed with meat, a generous helping by any standard. I love that you can choose between the white or wheat pita. The wheat pita in combination with a pile of meat could have benefitted from more tzatziki sauce, but I actually appreciate it not being drenched.

I will definitely be back. Next time I'll ask for my zucchini fries and extra tzatziki on the side. Welcome to the neighborhood Yeeroh!
Large generous portions. We ordered pork, chicken shawarmas and a mixed platter along with 2 dips and pita. 
The dips were really nice - though I felt like the hummus could definitely be much better. 
It's great value for money. The meat was great and the sandwiches were filling. We dined in and my only complaint is that the food was not hot. For grill based meat, I was disappointed. That's why the 3 star rating.
Finally-a legit gyro place in Philly! It is nearly impossible to find a half-decent gyro on the east coast outside of New York City. Most pizza shops and Greek restaurants sell those frozen coagulated slabs of meat with the same old sides. Not here. I got the lamb and my fiancé got the chicken and both were incredibly delicious. Big chunks of incredibly-seasoned meat with the perfect sauces and sides. Add the zucchini fries; it's a must. The only critique would be the delivery took quite a while but this is anew establishment and I'm sure they'll work out all those kinks. So happy to have this place in the neighborhood!
This place is awesome. Delicious food, awesome options, great sized portions, and really cool customer service. Highly recommend.
I really wanted to love this place. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to our expectations. The pork was very fatty and did not have a lot of flavor. The feta sticks were underwhelming and served with an odd jam that just didn't pair well. The zucchini fries had potential but we're overcooked and under salted. I dined with two other people and they were not satisfied with their meals either. Everyone got pork, so maybe another meat option would be better. Definitely not worth the money. The employees were super nice and helpful though.
absolutely delicious! zucchini fries are a must, and, even though i can't eat dairy, i've heard phenomenal things about the feta sticks! everything is fresh and you get a great amount of food for the price. i definitely recommend it
Totally underwhelmed! The chicken in the gyro sandwich was dry and had a very unpleasant bland flavor & bad after taste. Pulled most of it from my sandwich. The bread & garlic eggplant spread were the best part. Perhaps a souvlaki made with grilled meat would have been better. At $10 a pop I don't really feel like experimenting. 
Not really a pork or lamb guy. They have veggie & falafel options, but I'm scared. 
When a $3 gyro from my halal cart guy is more enjoyable, that says a lot
Friendly service by the owner himself, Yiannys!

Absolutely delicious (and generous) tray with pork (great flavor), tzatziki spread (seriously good), cucumber, red onion, and kalamata olives (who doesn't love olives?). Not pictured, side of well-seasoned fries, just slightly crisp (could be a little crisper, but still tasty). Also awesome: spicy feta spread and the slightly-more-expensive lamb!

Ps. The baklava is homemade by Yiannys's uncle!

Welcome to the neighborhood, Yeeroh!
Wow I was totally blown away by this gyro. The lamb meat was the best I've ever had in a gyro. Defenitley fresh and not your typical frozen lamb squares they serve at... Ever other gyro place ever. The ingredients were very fresh and you can tell the staff really cares about the product. The portion of regular fries or zucchini fries which are put directly in your sandwich is a great twist. Defenitley worth trying.
Tried their the classic with lamb & it was delish! I'm not a big fan of gyro but I gotta say 'I'm impressed'. Cooked well, perfectly marinated. I will definitely go back yeeroh to try other items from their menu.
This place is dang good. The owner of the shop is a real Greek person. Knew the exact area that my fiancé family is from is Greece and he is a diehard poak fan. Def give it a try!!
My friend loves this place so when we wanted to meet up for a quick bite to eat to catch up, she recommended we go here.   I had viewed the menu online and was very excited to try the fried feta and Greek nachos.  

The fried feta looks like mozzarella sticks and comes with jam, I think it was raspberry.  They were interesting.  I actually liked the jam with the sticks, the combination works.   

I was disappointed by the Greek nachos.  The concept is really cool; fried pita with toppings of feta cheese, peppers, tomatoes and a side of tzatziki sauce.  I thought the toppings would be more adhered to the pita.  The dish came in a bowl and so I had to scoop the toppings onto each piece which frustrated me a tiny bit.  It was good, but I had a different idea in my mind of what the dish would be.  

I would definitely come here again but I would try different items.
I went with a classic lamb gyro with fixings and tatziki sauce. I was pleasantly surprised that zucchini fries were an option with my meal. The lamb was very flavorful and all the ingredients were fresh. The zucchini fries were excellent, but had a little too much salt. The one downside is the 3 dollar upcharge for lamb compared to the other meats. I could taste the better quality lamb compared to other lamb gyro places. The inside is very nicely decorated, casual and clean. Solid addition to the neighborhood.
Ordered through grubhub.  Food came hella quick. Everything was great except the two tomayoes sliced up and hidden under my salad.
This place rocks! Great food at a reasonable price and quick service. The pork, beef, and lamb meats were all very delicious, and the salad was crisp & fresh.
We ordered dinner from here. I actually thought we already had our dinner (and that eating dinner at 6pm would be a bad idea) but bae had other plans in mind.

We were initially going to do dumplings and scallion pancakes (for obvious reasons) but I started feeling guilty about eating carbs and grease so decided to order mediterranean instead. Classically we ordered fried feta sticks, greek nachos, dolmades, I ordered a greek salad (tryna be healthy and shit), pita and hummus, and my little dolmade ordered pastitsio. Looking on the menu online to get this info for you I'm noticing that they also have an entire menu section of FRIES: FETA FRIES!!!, ZUCCHINI FRIES!!! and YEEROH fries which have meat on them but also a side of their "special yeeroh sauce" oooooooohhhh. 

Anyways it's probably for the best. 

The fried feta sticks were delicious. They were served with this marmalade which was an interesting combo. The hummus was ok but too salty for me, better hummus is available at more traditional hummus places in the city. The greek nachos were disappointing. The pita bread they're served on is a really interesting idea and adds a lot in the ways of texture but there were WAY too many onions for me. Also the tomatoes didn't taste the best. I had the same complaints about the salad however the dressing in the salad was delish. The dolmades were very good. 

 I haven't had much of an opportunity to sample authentic items at some other Greek places in Philly but I'd probably edge on the side of trying another place next time!
What a gem! The food is so fresh and delicious!   I have tried several items and have always enjoyed them. I think the portions are a very good size . The "nachos" are huge. The pita chips are yummy. I wish you had more locations!
We even liked dessert
I thought, oh - Yee-Roh.  This is a Greek chain that is a little tongue-in-cheek with how everyone mispronounces the word "gyro."  That's cute and maybe a nice spot to eat.  That's where things ended.

Service was meh - the person at the register was clearly more interested in watching a new episode of television than to actually address me (the only customer in the restaurant).  They were curt and not interested in any questions - especially when there's no posted menu other than the front door.

I got a falafel sandwich.  Partly, this is a mistake on my part - I know falafel isn't Greek.  But, it was the only vegetarian option and I thought it might still be good.  No way - it was maybe falafel mixture, but pureed to the point of being a ball of dough.  No spices, not fried through, and kind of gross.  I ended up picking a few of them out of my sandwich because they were so bad.

Feta sticks were also surprisingly bland.  I'm not sure how you can call yourself a Greek-inspired place and have such subpar feta.  It wasn't even salty - just bland.  I've had much better mozzarella sticks with more flavor.  And I've grilled feta before - you just need to get quality ingredients.

I'm just sad I wasted a meal in this place - it was pricey too - and I wish I would have just walked past.
Updated on September 8, 2019

We ordered here tonight on Yelp and was sorely disappointed. We got two rice bowls and a chicken gyro. We got a side of tzatziki and a side of lemon potatoes. The food arrived quickly and that was the only thing good about the order. I don't know what happened to this place but really disappointed in the food. The rice bowls were $10 each and were the driest most bland bowls I have eaten in recent memory. My wife's chicken gyro had three chunks of grizzle and she couldn't eat it. The lemon potatoes were cold and bland and the small side of tzatziki was ridiculously small for $5. I really haven't been this disappointed in a long time with a $50 dinner. I might try again but I'm probably done with this place. 

Sincerely
This place was great! Loved that they had a build your own option, and everything was delicious. The fried feta is top notch. Would recommend!
Love this place. I've been there almost a dozen times. The food is always great. Their salads are a great portion size. My husband always get a gyro and he never had any complaints. The quality never disappoint whether you are dining in or delivery!
Pleasant people, quick service, ok food. the marmalade with the feta sticks were the best part. We had a diavolo sandwich - had all the right components, but definitely not "very hot". The bowl we made (chicken gyro, beets, chickpeas, spicy feta, sweet red chilly) also had good individual ingredients but overall not as full-flavored as I was hoping. All reasonably well prepared and a good option for a quick and easy meal, but too bland for my taste.
Awesome takeout. I love getting a a gyro with fries on it. Or getting a bowl with their pickled beets. Fried feta is a good change of pace too. Awesome hummus. Very filling and super fun when you're tired of regular take out. Also offer veg options and zucchini fries in place of regular ones if you like.
The lamb gyro was great. Could have been better but the seasoning was good and the fries inside were great. It doesn't come with a side and it's $10.99 ($9.99 as lunch special) so a little overpriced.
