Yiro Yiro, thank you for taking me back to Jimmy's Gyros in Mykonos, where the gyros are made with crispy fries inside, as they should be! YUM!! 

This is definitely one of the most authentic, delicious quick Greek eats I've had outside of that stunning country...

Gyros any way you like it, with choice of meats or not (falafel) and your choice of a variety of sauces like spicy tzatziki. We shared the falafel one and it was absolutely PACKED. It was super filling and delish! Everything was cooked just right and that  tzatziki was the perfect spicy punch I desired. 

 There's also the option of making a platter with the same meat or veg options. We shared the falafel one and it was hearty. It came with 6 balls, 4 pita slices, a bit of traditional Greek salad (sans lettuce-that's an Americanized thing) and all the fixings you've come to expect from the cuisine. There's a small up charge (.75) for the Greek fries which has feta and Mediterranean spices. YUM!! Go for it! 

The spanakopita was also a winner! Big time. It was a spiral, which is genius!! This way of rolling makes sure you have enough filling in each bite. The phyllo was crispy, buttery and flaky the way it should be and the filling/exterior ratio was perfect! I loathe biting into a square and just having dough. I'm not sure why everyone doesn't roll theirs, because it's really awesome! 

We surely didn't have room for dessert this time, but the top your own Greek yogurt bar was enticing, as were the loukoumades! Next time!

It's a casual order at the counter, they'll call you when it's ready place but it's adorable. The turquoise color, modern evil eye mural and evil eye ornaments will give you the perfect little hints of Greece. Awesome! 

Yiro Yiro is the cure for my yearning for the gorgeous Greek Isle!! If you've never been, it will make you want to go. If you have, you'll KNOW how close this place is to the real deal!
Shout out to fellow Yelper Jared J. For his spot on review of this great find. My wife and I really enjoyed our lunch here today. 
       The service was extremely friendly and helpful and knowledgeable about the items on the menu. 
         The items were cooked to order very fresh and tasty. My beef and lamb Yiro was huge fully of tasty juicy meat and a delicious Tzatziki sauce made with cucumbers and yogurt. Probably the best I have ever had. The chicken skewers were grilled and delicious accompanied by fresh pita slices,rice pilaf and a fresh tasty Greek salad. The yogurt and cucumber side was made with Greek yogurt 
       Our dessert consisted of a generous slice of Baklava. Very tasty with lots of honey syrup. 
         Can not wait to come back to try some of their other items. The yogurt bar items look especially delicious.
A solid addition to the Roxborough food scene, Yiro Yiro is a nice, fast causal restaurant. Their offerings are a relatively standard Greek/Mediterranean affair.  You can enjoy your selections on a pita or as a platter.

I opted for the lamb-beef platter, which came with fries.  I was satisfied with the portion size and even ended up taking a bit of it home with me. The quality of my meal was solid - not amazing enough that I feel the need to rush back but enjoyable enough to want to come back.  While their dessert (baklava) looked tempting and seemed to be a fair price for the size, I wasn't quite hungry enough to give it a go this round.

Beyond the food, it is worth noting that they have a small eat-in area in the back of the restaurant.  There are only a handful of tables, but it is kept clean.

Overall, my experience has made me a fan.  The proximity to my home will also probably have me back sooner than later.  Enjoy!
Great new addition to the food scene up on the Ridge.  This place is brand spanking new (it opened one week ago). The decor is simple and modern, very clean and new inside. The menu is small and right to the point. Gyros, salads, skewers and falafel basically. They have spindles of meat spinning behind the counter that make your mouth water. I ordered the Gyro w/ Chicken and Tzataiki sauce. Yummmmmmmmmm!!!!  The chicken was juicy and tender and the tomatoes and onions that accompanied it were very fresh. This gyro was the best I've had hands down.  I will definitely be back for more samplings off the menu. This place is perfect for lunch break. Go here. Eat.
Yiro Yiro is the brand new Gyro spot in Roxborough.  Coming to Philly from Vienna, I was missing my Durum sandwiches and a gyro was as close as I was going to get.  Happily to report, this gyro with spicy tzatziki is a quality one....although what was spicy about the tzatziki remains a mystery.  It's more expensive than what I would pay in Vienna but in-line with Philly prices.  Adding on sides would make for a more substantial meal and can be done for only 2 more dollars.  Next time!
Was so excited to see Yiro Yiro finally open, but I somehow forgot to write a review after our first trip! Time to finally get to it after ordering food from here twice... 

The menu is perfectly sized, with just enough options and variety without feeling overwhelming.  As a vegetarian, I opt for the falafel pita - it's pretty stuffed and well flavored. Our favorite side is the greek fries - I mean, what's better than fries topped with feta? My only complaint is that the last time, they were rather soggy - perhaps a different container or a bit more time in the fryer would do the trick. 

The other standout menu item is the baklava - its home made, and tastes just like it is. The bottom is coated in sweet, sticky honey, and I could easily eat a piece all by myself although it's definitely big enough to share!
The first time I got Yiro Yiro, I ordered the villager salad with pork skewers. They put this giant slice of Feta on top which had me convinced that the cook had to be in love we me. Despite acute onset feta cheese coma, I walked with a pep in my step the rest of the day. It was only days later when I saw one of my employees ordered the same thing, and it again came with the mammoth cheese block, that I realized they must do that for everyone. Hm.

So they've been open for a few months now and I lost count of how much of their food I've eaten. They use super fresh ingredients, I LOVE the pork skewer ( I usually get the platter with dolmades and mini villager salad and tzatziki), but would highly recommend trying all the various meats and the falafel too. 

The kitchen is super clean, the decor is vibrant, and the staff is always so friendly. I am consistently pleased with the fresh, delicious Greek food they deliver, and will happily continue to give them my money on a weekly to bi-weekly basis.
I've been searching for a good gyro spot in Northwest Philly for a bit now. When Yiro Yiro opened, I was happy to sample their menu. Coming from Detroit, where the number of good gyro spots is a bit out of control, my standards were high. 

There are three essential parts to a great gyro experience:  Deliciously seasoned lamb, carefully crafted tzatziki sauce, and crispy fresh fries. Yiro Yiro successfully provided two of these three parts, the tzatziki and fries. The tzatziki was nicely crafted, not too thin, and very flavorful. The fries were hot, fresh, and very crispy. Together, this pair was awesome.

The lamb was also delicious, but I thought it could have used some additional flavor. Fortunately, the flavor provided by the tzatziki and other spices that I could add made up for the lamb's slightly lacking independent flavor.

In terms of service, the guys at Yiro Yiro were awesome. Very nice, friendly, and helpful. I would definitely recommend this spot if you're looking for a tasty fast casual stop on Ridge.
My first visit to the Roxborough location to try their gyro.  There is on street parking on Ridge Avenue.  The restaurant is bright and cheery with the color scheme.  

I decided on the beef/lamb gyro woth tzatziki sauce and the greek yogurt with strawberries, bananas, honey, and granola for my daughter.  The menu allows you to either put it in pita or plate it. They offer chicken, pork, beef/lamb, and falafel.  Then select sauce. You can add fries to the entree. I passed on the extra calories.   There are a number of sides as well as salads.  Plus two different desserts.

On my next visit I will eat in so I can enjoy the food after it is prepared.  Also, I want to try sides  and dessert.
Yiros to order, love it.  
New spot in Roxborough serving great Greek fare at a reasonable price.  They provide quick service, a quality product and their delivery is really well run and very quick.  Have ordered from here multiple times now both on delivery and dine in.  You can choose from beef, pork, chicken or falafel as a yiro (gyro) sandwich, or choose from skewers both as is or served with salad or rice.  
The pita is excellent, fresh and well made and a perfect compliment to the yiro meat.  All of the meats are hand sliced fresh from their cooking spits, very authentic, it reminds me of the Schwarma places i went to in Israel.  I prefer the beef and pork, get it with the onions and tomato toppings and your choice of sauces.  The fresko, tzatziki, spicy tzatziki and spicy feta dips are all amazing paired with the sandwiches.  Their fries are hand cut and always hot and fresh, not as much with delivery but that is reasonable and to be expected when ordering for delivery, if you order them greek style it comes with feta and seasoning on top, really tasty.  
They are running quite well for a newer spot and hope they sustain their style of operations and can continue to function and provide the same great food and service.  Hoping to see expansion for this group and excited.  Great option for a quick and very reasonably priced dinner.
I love Greek food, but this place is overpriced and portions are small (see photos). Unfortunately this is the only Greek place around so I do end up here once in a while. Service is extremely slow so I would recommend ordering in advance.
We came here on a Sunday for lunchtime takeout before football started. Upon first impression, the place is modern and clean. The staff was super friendly and helpful with the menu. We decided on spanakopita, a chicken gyro in a pita, and pork skewers platter with a side of dolmades to try a little bit of everything. 

Unfortunately, when we got home, we realized that our pork gyro platter was actually mistaken. We were actually given a falafel platter with fries. It wasn't worth the drive back to switch an order since the whole point of getting the takeout was because we were feelin' lazy. The falafel was fine... a little too breaded/heavily fried for my liking. I was also slightly upset that I couldn't have dolmades since I was missing them from a recent trip to Greece. 

The meal wasn't a total upset though. The spanakopita was shaped in a spiral - something I haven't seen before. It was flaky and delicious. The bite I had of chicken gyro was also good. 

This fast-casual place is a definite welcome to the neighborhood. Next time, I'll just check my order before I leave.
We love yiro yiro. It's a great option when you want a quick, fresh and authentic food. Not only that its tasty but healthy options as well.
If you're looking for delicious lamb gyro wrap and you happen to be in the Roxborough area then you're in luck! They have great quality and they're not shy with the meat serving, good prices, good customer service and to top it off and nice clean restaurant! Ive received good vibes everytime I walk in so that besides the food being good makes me feel good about supporting this business. I suggest getting the lamb gyro with light onions and tomatoes, spicy tzatziki sauce and add lettuce. Delcious!!
I love Greek food and I live in Mt Airy sooo not many options and this place is heaven sent! The food is so good, it's quick, it's tasty, I'm not sure what else one could ask for. Staff is really nice and the interior is super clean and chic. OPA!
decided to give this yiro yiro location a shot hoping ot would be faster and more convenient than the west philly location. I waited till i arrived at the restaurant to see if it was crowded and it wasn't so I phoned in my order from the car. the wait was short and reasonable, maybe ten mins or so. staff was friendly but they forgot to put utensils in my bag. no big deal. i ordered a beef gyro, a pork belly gyro and rice pilaf. as ive said before, their gryos are just a bit less authentic than what I'm used to. the flavor just seems to be missing something. the food isnt bad but just different I suppose. i will say this, they give you a very nice portion of food for your money. the servings are filling for sure. another huge plus is the rear parking lot. great place to chill and eat in your car if you're on the go.
First time visit and my food was pretty tasty. I ordered the chicken pita with the spicy feta sauce. Overall the pita was tasty but a little dry. I felt that I should've added more sauces, but overall it was good. Also ordered fries which was enough for two people. The pleasant surprise was the grape leaves. They gave me at least 8 and they were flavorful and big! Overall my experience was good and I'll definitely go back
I'm tired of pizza. I'm tired of Chinese. I'm tired of actually cooking. On a whim I ordered from Yiro Yiro. The food was spectacular. I live Greek food and this place did. It disappoint. Everything was fresh, portions were plentiful and the delivery was right on time. I ordered stuffed grape leaves, beer and lamb gyro plate and fried zucchini sticks. They also have an amazing sauce called Fresko sauce which I have no clues what it is but it should be souls in gallon bottles because I'd eat everything with that stuff. So I happy I broke out of my pizza/Chinese bubble and gave Greek delivery a try. I'll definitely be ordering from here again.
Great place to order or stop by and pick up. FYI My roommate, as a matter of fact, literally orders from here at least twice a week lol

Everything's good here. But I would give extra couple sentences. I would recommend getting a yiro as a sandwich with fries on it. You'll get your bang for the buck while you get to satisfy your cravings for fries without needing to spend extra couple bucks. (It's only a dollar extra) the spicy tzatziki is excellent!
Adding another review as I remain a loyal customer. Today I tried the Nissi salad with chicken Yiro meat for the first time. The portion for the add on meat was fantastic as was the salad. Yiro has always been dependable in delivery of good, healthy food fast.
I've gotten lunch delivery/takeout from here about a dozen times, I can't get enough. They have a variety of great gyros and platters, I've probably tried everything at least once. I recommend the pork yiro platter, the dulmas, zucchini fries. The restaurant is modern and clean, and the friendly staff remembers me when I come in frequently.
I've eaten from Yiro Yiro at least 5 times and have been incredibly impressed with every experience at this establishment. Whether dine-in or delivery, the quality has been consistently delicious each time. At this point, I've tried nearly everything on the menu and not a single disappointment. It's my go-to for a quick dinner. Highly recommended.
Pretty good stuff here.  Love the diversity of cuisine this place brings to the neighborhood.  Breaks up the monotony of pizza shops and cheesesteak places.  

I'm a fan of the different hummus they offer especially the spicy one, good fries and good Schwarma pita.
The first time I came here, I had recently returned from a couple of weeks in Athens, eating fresh food, well prepared. I try not to compare, but we always have a perspective, don't we?  The mediocre Greek restaurant a couple of blocks from my home had changed hands and was now marginally better and way too expensive for the quality. 

Yiro Yiro, on the other hand, does not disappoint.  The food is delicious Greek street food, the servings abundant, and the prices good. 

I don't live in the area, but try to stop in whenever I'm near.
I order from here all the time because the food is good and simple, the service is relatively quick (given they are often busy and operating exclusively as a delivery service), and the prices are reasonable. Occasionally I wish the food was slightly better-seasoned, but I really cannot complain! The falafel is always warm when it arrives and the spanakopita is always crispy. If you are hungry and want a reliable place to get good food quickly, order from here.
During quarantine, we've been trying different local spots. Yiro yiro is AMAZINGGGGGG. I would post pictures but it's all gone. Chicken pita plate, chicken was juicy, delicious. Spicy tzatziki is the perfect amount of spice. Baklava is so flaky and good. Delivery was on time, fresh and social distanced while also wearing a mask, which I appreciated. 

Do not pass on yiro yiro!
No need for a lengthy review. Outrageously good gyros. Seriously. For a bit they were having trouble staying open because of labor shortages so just give them a call to make sure they're open (unless this is all done now). Yum!
We came here for a late lunch. Wow!! I had the gyro and it was a perfect combo of the lamb and toppings. Nothing was too overwhelming. It was a perfect mixture of everything. Now on to the best part... dessert! They had this fried dough drizzled with Nutella. They made it fresh and we inhaled the entire thing even after the big meal we had. It was a little greasy but well worth it!
Omg! To didn't know it's possible, but they're food is even tastier and fresher than its ever been. Definitely a go to for me and my husband. I love the spicy tsaziki sauce and the platters are enough to feed 2 people (pro tip: order another side of pita, there's more meat than pita)

Thank you for the delicious and fast food. We were starving after a different local restaurant let us down. Stay safe!
Yiro Yiro is my go-to spot in Roxborough. The food is always consistent and good. I tend to go for the yiro plate and you get SO much food! I love their fries and the tzatziki is amazing. I also always treat myself to the baklava. I ordered take out last week and it was ready super quickly. Highly recommend!
Amazing food!!! Their gyros are awesome and I love that you can add fries inside of them. The tzatziki sauce is also delicious!! Pitas taste fresh and always come warm. I've always had great food from here!!
I was excited for Roxborough to finally get some new places to eat, but this place was so disappointing! I'm really surprised by the high reviews! Portions are so tiny that it would take 2 platters to fill up an average person. Also, maybe because it's new (we went the week it opened) and they haven't ironed out the kinks, but they switched our orders up with another customer's and didn't even apologize. I love Mediterranean food, but this may be the most disappointing. I'm being generous with my rating too with hopes they will stay open and get better.
We've been waiting to try this place out so we went for lunch today. They said it would be a 10-15 min wait for food but ended up only being like 5 minutes. The lemonade & iced tea are great and the service was awesome. I had a lot of questions and no one seemed annoyed about it. I had the pork Yiro plate with rice and the spicy feta sauce and that sauce was delicious! The pork, rice & pitas were all really good too. We will for sure be back!
Solid

This place is solid and you won't be disappointed by anything. It just wasn't perfect. Customer service is fantastic and that alone is enough for me to try it again or frequent this place without any major complaints. 

If you're looking for fast casual Greek food, you won't go wrong here...especially since there probably aren't many that are better in the immediate area.
It's no Greek lady! The meat on the gyro was sliced extremely thin and the fries were thin and less than desirable. Maybe it's better when dining in, but overall average sandwich.
I work in Manayunk one day a week and I have to get YiroYiro's chicken skewers on a plate every time I'm in the area. It's like Christmas every week!!  It's so good. Authentic Greek feta dips and Greek salad are both amazing. The food of the gods.
Considering I have eaten from Yiro Yiro more times than I count and have had most everything at some point , it's about time I wrote a review. What can I say? Everything I have had here is amazing. I usually get a platter with lamb/beef along with the Tzatziki sauce with a side of grape leaves. The meat is always tender and flavorful, the sauce has perfect fresh flavor and the grape leaves perfect. As a treat I get the Loukoumades, which are pastry puffs with honey and cinnamon. You can also have them topped with Nutella, which makes them more amazing.

Besides the amazing food, they have amazing and fast service. When I've had delivery, I'm surprised how fast they are. And the employees are always friendly and helpful.

So do yourself a favor and check them out!
Great Yiro plate full of meat!  Hot fresh and filling fires were hot and great. Worth 11$ all day.
This place is great - perfect for when you don't want fast food...but you want your food fast! The meat is all cooked to perfection. Pita is soft and fluffy. It's not cheap, though - but you do get what you pay for!
Great vegetarian options. Salads and grape leaves and hummus. Also fries are good and zucchini sticks are nom nom. There are fresh and very quick.
Who is paying you people to give 5 stars? Either you are getting paid, or you have never had a decent gyro in ur life outside of arbys!!! It tastes nothing like Greek anything. It was an extra parsley wrap with the illusion of chicken in there somewhere. Every time I even see yiro-yiro, its like Pavlovs theory!!! I automatically want to run to the  sink to wash the parsley out of my mouth. Never again!!! 2 many authentic REAL Greek restaurants/street trucks to get a decent gyro in the city. NEXT!
We ordered Yiro Yiro on this rainy Jan 1st to start the year off right. The food is great and the service even better. We ordered the beef and lamb box, beef and lamb on pita, falafels and the homemade loukoumades with powdered sugar and nutella. We ordered off grubhub but the photo of the beef and lamb was wrong as seen in my photo it's basically meat and french fries in a box which was not what we had expected. I called the restaurant and they rectified the problem right away and provided us with another pita entree. Great customer service! We will definitely be eating here again!
Delicious, fresh and affordable!! I ordered delivery and the falafel platter hit the spot. Everything was excellent, simple and yummy. The hummus was incredibly smooth and the villager salad was so refreshing. Stuffed grape leaves well seasoned. I didn't care for the spanakopita, too much dough. The platter was enough for 2 meals, at 13.50 it's an excellent value. Count me in as a fan!!
*drool*

BEST fries in Roxborough, hands down. The meat is fresh and well cooked, the portions are very decent for the price, and they're super flexible about custom orders! I ask for no pita, no cheese, etc, and they make notes on the order for the prep cook. Super friendly staff, great place to sit down and eat, and their delivery is always on time.
OMG YES!! Five Stars all the way for this quick service, authentic, delicious gem!! Modern, open kitchen with seating in both front and back of the store. The falafel is so flavorful without any sauce! Dolmades for a side? Hell to the YEA! And SPICY tazitki? You had me at hello! I will most definitely be back!!!
Great food, nice staff. I order take out from them all the time and we've often stopped in to eat since it's a walking distance from our home. I highly recommend their food, I have yet to have anything here that wasn't delicious. We need more places like this on Ridge.
I heard this place opened so the bf and I decided to order takeout! 

I got the chicken skewers plate with rice pilaf, the bf got the pork yiro with dolmas and we both got tzatziki sauce and shared the spanakopita.

The plates come with the meat, a small Greek salad of diced cucumber/onion/tomato and pita bread with your choice of sauce and 1side. There are also gyros and salads on the menu. Options for everyone!

The meat was perfectly spiced.  I preferred my skewer to the yiro my bf got but they were both good. 

The salad was okay, but I feel like it needed some citrus.The pita was great and the spanakopita was probably my favorite part! The bf liked the dolmas and the tzatziki was great. 

They were super crowded when I arrived but it seemed everyone was just waiting for their take-out or eat-in order. It seems they are still working out the speed kinks because even though there were a lot of people behind the counter cooking, about 8 people were waiting for food. My pickup order took an extra 5min, totally worth the wait. 

I'm so happy to welcome this place to the neighborhood and you'll fall in love the second you get a whiff of that amazing smell!
Amazing! Best greek "fast" food that I have had in this area. They deliver, and its reasonably priced. Perfect (and plentiful) stuffed grape leaves, spicy feta dip delicious and pita on point. Spanakopita is incredible as are the gyros themselves. So exceeded my expectations.
I was really looking forward to the opening of Yiro Yiro.  My first experience though, was not great.  I ordered the Greek fries, and this was my fault, I should have known better.  They were extremely salty.  Not great if you have to watch your blood pressure.  I also had the lamb/beef pita.  Not to be gross, but I had to spit out gristle (presumably) from the beef three times.

I will give it another go.  I want to try the Falafel.  Here's hoping the experience for round two is better.
This place is bonkers its so good! We ordered via grubhub and from the time we placed the order to the time it arrived at our door it was MAYBE 20 minutes total. Unreal. We got the spanakopita, the gyro with lamb and beef, and the spicy feta dip with pita. Everything was fresh, flavorful, and delicious. I still cannot believe how cheap it was for all that food... something like $30 all in, including delivery fee and tip. I will be ordering from here again very soon!
Really fresh and healthy! The atmosphere is clean and modern inside, with sitting. Staff is professional and friendly. I could eat here everyday, it's that good!
This was the best authentic Greek food I have had here in the US. I had the pork YIro, a little to salty for me but was very excellent. The place is clean and the people are friendly.
A great addition to Roxborough "on the Ridge" and a necessary mix of variety. Sure, we have great pizza and subs, but variety is the spice of life.

I've been here several times, including about a week after the opened. Usually getting the platters, the food is fresh, the service is good and I'll certainly return. I have to save the 5 star reviews for those venues that are truly exceptional whereas Yiro Yiro is very good! 

What I Liked:
The variety, for certain, and the feeling you are eating a little more healthy, depending on your selection of course! The flavor, the service and the menu options are all great.  The platter is a nice option with a variety of side options and yummy pita bread.  Of course anytime I can support a local small business is always a win.

Hits and Misses:
The platter side salad is delicious, but the full size version is not even close, with 50% of it onions and olives. Maybe we got the wrong one? The meat is a mix of light, dark and fat, so it won't suit everyone's taste. I'd love to see a business take another step towards providing a nice indoor dining experience - this one is definitely an improvement, but crowded and an unusual layout, typical of many businesses in this stretch. At roughly $11 with tax for the platter, it may be a bit of price shock to some people.

I'm sure the restaurant will adapt with helpful feedback from the community and customers. And I'm sure to be a regular patron as it truly is fast Greek, and a most welcome new neighborhood eatery!
Had been waiting for this place to open for ages and they didn't disappoint! I've eaten there twice so far. First time they made a mistake with our order but were very apologetic and quick to deliver a replacement (along with a gift card). The beef/lamb gyro was very tasty and they didn't skimp on the meat. The Villager salad was so fresh and the presentation was appealing. I'm so happy to have this great new restaurant in my neighborhood and plan to make it one of my regular spots.
I cant even pronounce half the shit I ate there but it was great , the spicy tzik...whatever it is was friggin AWESOME can't wait to go back again, sucks they are like a block from my house .  

Now I have no excuse
I was excited for this place to open and they haven't disappointed. I've eaten here 5 times since they opened a few weeks ago and everything has been delicious. The pork on the spit is definitely my favorite. Reminds me of the Gyros/döners you get in Europe. Only slight knock is the size consistency of the Gyros but they're always good! And the spicy feta sauce is a must try.
I grew up in the Greek community.  I'll go to Yiro Yiro for their awesome spicy hummus trio, but don't care for their gyro's.  I find the meat to rubbery.  The Greek fries are also good, as long as you eat them while their hot.
What would we do without Yiro Yiro? This is my absolutely favorite for take out. We've had almost everything on the menu and it's all good. You aren't going to find fresher, relatively healthy, more delicious food for the price. Game changer for my family.
I had never tried Greek food before and this did not disappoint! I had the lamb gyro on a pita w/ tzatziki sauce, and my boyfriend had the chicken on a plate with tzatziki and fries. All of our food was amazing!!! I don't particularly order/like lamb, but this was so good I will absolutely be ordering it again.
This place is amazing! Honestly the best Greek food I have had. The quality and taste is amazing the spicy to tzaziki sauce is on point. Just moved here and this is my new favorite place. Going back today :)
It took a long time for these guys to open, but I'm glad they finally did. Having been to Greece a few times on vacation, I can say that this is the closest and most authentic version of Greek street food that I have come across in the US, and I used to live in the NYC area, which has a large Greek community. My husband and I shared a couple different items. I, of course, got the pork gyro, which was hot, juicy, and delicious, with all the fixings. I even got it with the spicy tzatziki optoin, which added a little kick.  My husband got the chicken souvlaki plate with rice pilaf and a side salad.  The pieces of chicken were so tender and nicely marinated. Finally, we shared a loukoumades dessert with Nutella. You are seriously doing yourself a disservice if you don't get this - think of little fried donuts..but better. 

Other than that, the space is brand new and has a nice feel to it. And the service is great - the owners were there to answer questions and provide recommendatoins. Great addition to the neighborhood. We'll be back for sure.
I loved everything about this restaurant. Food was amazing and fresh, restaurant was clean, service was quick and friendly. I'll definitely be back, probably within the next few days haha
Got the lamb with the spicy tzatziki. Tender meat, large portion and quick delivery via Uber Eats. Would order again.
If I am ever indecisive on what to order out, I always get Yiro Yiro. Their Gyros are delicious and filling and their prices don't break the bank, which I appreciate. Always a-go-to since I am never disappointed. I just wish the spicy tzatziki sauce could be a little more spicy. Plus their Spanakopita is also a tasty appetizer.
The gyros here were so good! I have had many trips to Greek restaurants over the years living in the Philadelphia area and I must say that yiro yiro nailed it. I had the pork belly with spicy tzatziki sauce and I damn near ordered another one!
Yiro Yiro. Is that Greek for so so? That's how my husband and I felt after getting takeout for a picnic. He got a gyro with pork belly, which is unusual for Greek food. I got a kipos salad and put the lamb/beef meat option on top. We also got some fries to share. Tried the husbands food - pork belly wasn't juicy and succulent like you'd expect, it was more like dry strips of bacon. My salad was also disappointing. Though there was a lot of meat, it was hard to distinguish from the beef and lamb. I was looking forward to having lamb and would have ordered that alone if the option were available. The salad was fairly standard - lettuce, grape tomatoes, bell peppers, cucumbers, red onions - nothing too exciting, just plain. The white balsamic dressing was decent, and the portion was fairly big though I wasn't looking forward to eating my leftovers like I usually am. Fries were also soggy. We prefer moustaki on 21st and were hoping that Yiro Yiro was just as good.
So, I've never actually dined in the restaurant... but I have been ordering from Yiro Yiro like CRAZY on Uber Eats. I always get the chicken gyros on a skewer or gyros on a plate. It's perfectly seasoned and comes with a lemon slice. On the side, I get the pita and Tzatziki sauce, which I actually use for dipping the chicken (tastes delicious)! The dolmades are so excellent and I love the little Villager Salad that you get on the side.

Overall, for the price--this is a fantastic value, and the food is much healthier than ordering a pizza or something. The food is consistently excellent and I just can't get enough of it. I want to try the falafel soon as well. I highly recommend for a quick bite or to order in!
I've given this place a couple tries, because I love Greek food. It's just not very good, I've tried different things on the menus hoping to find a winner, but no luck:( The best thing I've had there is the fries, but u can get good fries anywhere? Not sure how anyone could give this place 5 stars??? Maybe they never had real Greek food?
We walked into the restaurant and the atmosphere was warm and clean. Unfortunately the food not so much. I had the open plate with beef+lamb and fries with a bottle of water. I was not able to get just lamb, only the mix with beef. The beef and lamb was dry and not seasoned well. The vegetables were fresh and crisp. The price was fair however my 16 oz water was $2.16. The fries were a bit overdone and thin. Not a do over.
I hate to do this, but I order from here all the time and today is the third time in a row that the pork skewers were so overdone that I can barely chew through them.  They're tough and just not good.  I'm so disappointed, mostly because this has been my favorite Roxborough restaurant.
Absolutely huge portions, I eat alot so that's saying something.  The zucchini fries are so good, crispy and fried up fresh.  I eat vegan now so when I go there I get falafel with hummus and pita.  After rating at Dizengoff it's hard to appreciate this little Roxborough gem.  I end up spending as much if not more here for not as good flavors. I know it's not fair to compare this little Greek joint to Solomonov but I can't help it.
Over all, it's good in a pinch.
I enjoy a good gyro, however their spin on yiro is something short of delicious. Nice portion of dried and chewy beef/lamb.   Really skimpy on the tzat sauce. I have had one before but forgot why I haven't gotten any more til now
We did not enjoy our meal here at all. We went after reading raves about it on our neighborhood Facebook page and were very disappointed not sharing the same enthusiasm. We went for lunch on the weekend, and the place was fairly crowded. We were a bit confused about how to order at the counter since there didn't seem to be any sort of line, but after we determined everyone else had ordered, we placed ours. 

I was really disappointed that no lamb (real) gyros or skewers were offered at the time. This is what cast a shadow over anything we ordered. The beef was dry and bland, the yogurt sauce decidedly not typical Mediterranean. The fries were ordinary.

The service was abrupt, and the whole experience was like eating at Ikea without the space or windows. 

I'll take a Center City shwarma cart over this next time I get the craving.
Honestly, it was the review here by Samuel N that made us choose to try Yiro Yiro for the first time tonight because we, too, are tired of pizza, Chinese food and actually cooking. And so glad we did -- this was amazing!! My daughter had the chicken pita sandwich, I had the chicken pita plate and my husband had the lamb-beef pita plate. So good! We also got the Greek fries as a side and they were a unanimous hit. We will be back! :)
I love Greek food and I live in Mt Airy sooo not many options and this place is heaven sent! The food is so good, it's quick, it's tasty, I'm not sure what else one could ask for. Staff is really nice and the interior is super clean and chic. OPA!
Yiro Yiro is a go-to spot in my neighborhood. It's SO good, affordable, fast, and can be healthy. The food is great and the service is friendly and efficient. So happy to have this place nearby.
If you're craving some juicy beef and lamb on a toasty pita with tzatziki sauce drizzled over it , Yiro Yiro is the spot. Each bite contained all ingredients and the flavors were so delicious , working in harmony in my mouth. It was like a symphony of trumpets and with every chew, I drifted further and further in a food coma. I recommend getting tomatoes, onions and French fries on the pita to add more volume and crunch to your meal. I want to bathe in the tzatziki sauce. That's how good it was . I will be sure to ask for extra sauce next time.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. I have no complaints...yet. Everything on the menu is delicious and the prices are fair. Tastes fresh. Definitely the best 'fast food' place to go to in the Rox/Mana area.
Definitely our go to for a solid yiro. Fair prices and quick delivery. Falafel was delicious too!
Love their food and great portions.  I've always had delivery; salad and a gyro.   Can't go wrong with quick Greek ;)
Great food! I got the two naked chicken skewers and loved them. They also gave me some pita bread! It was great and flavorful! Will be back soon
I ordered the chicken skewers on a plate that came with pita and salad, and I chose fries as my side as well as the spicy tzatziki sauce, which was delicious! This was my first time here and won't be my last. The fries were crispy and the salad was great. The only negative I have is the chicken tasted a little tough as if it was over cooked a bit. Overall, I enjoyed it and I thought the price point was fine for what I got - I was super full afterwards. This picture is all I have and it doesn't do it justice to how many fries were underneath the pita and chicken.
Sandwiches and farmers salad are the way to go!  Not a huge fan of platters that can be a bit dry.
Amazing falafel and Greek fries, and delivery is somehow incredibly speedy.  The spicy Feta dip is also great.
I've been to Yiro Yiro a few times now and every time I come here I am never disappointed! I actually did a project for one of my food marketing classes on this restaurant and had the pleasure of speaking with one of the managers who was very friendly and gave me a lot of great information for my project!

Let me just say Yiro Yiro is a restaurant that I wish they had everywhere they have a chipotle. I think Yiro Yiro is one of the best restaurant for fast causal Greek food at an affordable price. The food is great, it is served beautifully, the restaurant is decorated so nicely and it will have you coming back for more. I was really excited when I first saw it go up a few years ago. The first time I came to Yiro Yiro, my boyfriend and I wanted to go on a picnic so we ordered it to go. We ordered a traditional Greek salad, two gyro's (I spelled that wrong) and the rice pilaf. All of it was very delicious and came in great to go packaging. 

I also went to Yiro Yiro yesterday and thoroughly enjoyed my meal. I brought my friend with me, who had never been there before and he loved it! He got a gyro and the Greek fries, the Greek fries were perfectly crispy and the feta sprinkled on top was amazing. I also tried the spinach pie which was pretty good as well! I would highly recommend going to Yiro Yiro for a bite to eat! You won't be disappointed.
Updating my review from 5 stars to 2 because of safely concerns. I've ordered here a few times during covid and the delivery drivers (that are Yiro employees) do not follow contactless delivery. The instructions that I've given each time is to leave the food on my doorstep and don't ring the doorbell to avoid my dog from barking. Very specific and the drivers do the opposite. I've been disappointed the last few times and will find a new Greek restaurant that takes the safety precautions seriously.
I love this spot! Never disappoints. Fast Greek Food and inexpensive. I usually order from here a few times a week and it's definitely my go to spot.
Updating this review. After the original review, I noticed some people had gotten cut-up type of chicken which I didn't know was an option the first time. Ever since then, I get the plated chicken and to me, it's so much better - softer and better flavor. I still enjoy the salad, fries, and spicy tzakiki. Since I do pick it up, I throw the fries in the air fryer to warm and crisp them up when I get home, just something I like doing.
I'm a Yiro Yiro hater turned lover. The first time I ordered from them, they sent me ice cold soggy fries. Then my roommate ordered a platter than included a deconstructed gyro, cucumber salad, and grape leaves. I was crazy jealous and had to give them another try. Lucky me! Great deal for the amount of food and it makes me feel like I make healthy choices when I'm hungover. It's DELICIOUS!Just avoid the fries.
Pretty disappointing... if you want a better tasting gyro just grab one from Zestos right next door- taste is much better then Yiro's beef/ lamb mix of a gyro. The chicken was ok and I tried here 3 times just to make sure they were not having an off night. I really wanted to like this place. The Baklava is amazing, there is one plus. The lamb beef mix has got to go- 0 flavor. Nice try, totally underwhelming wait for them to open.
