Zesty's[1] is bigger than a breadbox.

A bar dominates the left dining area, which is surrounded by booths and light tables. On the right dining area (towards the kitchen), there are more tables and booths. The place is well-lit (a plus, for me), and windows provide an expansive view of Main Street Manayunk, perfect for staring out in an angsty manner.

Last I was here, I co-hosted a happy hour, and didn't run into any issues. Bartender Sophia served our crew with a smile, getting us appetizers (try the mussels), shots (Jameson, of course), and drinks (heard their vodka and Red Bull was potent). Runners moved food from the kitchen to customers with nary a delay.

Thanks to owner Tom for his hospitality!

[1] Supposedly Munk & Nunn now - half the place is church-themed in a non-kitschy way - but Zesty's web site still exists, as does their signage from the street. SO VERY CONFUSING
I love it here.  It is authentically Greek.  When you pick a fish.......you get the fish, literally.  So if you can't handle eyes and bones maybe stay away.  The pita is homemade and always warm and fresh.  The Greek salad (which I am all too picky about and can never find one just right) is PERFECT.  Dip your warm pita bread in the leftover dressing.  Hummus, baba, octopus and spanakopita are all good as well.  I get the feeling that a lot of the wait staff is family and the men there have the cutest accents and genuinely want you to enjoy the food.
Zesty's has undoubtedly the best Greek food in the area, bar none.  We have been there on numerous occasions and I am never disappointed.  Even the hummus, such a basic appetizer, is SO good.  It's also a great place to sit outside in the summer time to people-watch, and they have good cocktails as well.

It's a little pricey but pretty comparable to anything else that you would find on Main Street in Manayunk.  You definitely will not be disappointed here.
Unfortunately, a majority of my review will focus on some very unacceptable things Zesty's did in the service department instead of focusing on the food.  That's a real shame too, since the food was pretty good.

We arrived around 4 o'clock and were promptly seated.  Menus and bread quickly arrived starting the experience off on the right foot.  However, about 10 minutes later a large group of people arrived and were followed by a constant stream of additional people.  I later found out that a wedding reception was being held in the restaurant around 4:30 and they decided not to close while hosting.  No biggie I said in my head.  Unfortunately, I couldn't get pass it - especially with the large crowd standing so close to our booth that I could join their conversations.... I was rather glad we didn't take the table originally offered to us!

No matter, we were determined to enjoy our food and did our best to ignore.  As we wrapped up, we decided it would be best to box up some leftovers.  Our waitress gladly offered to take care of it for us... then walked OUTSIDE with our food to go around the reception crowd.  Once boxed, the food came back from OUTSIDE to our table.  I won't go to the "is that even legal or a health code violation" level, but we certainly won't be eating those leftovers!  When asked, she told us her manager required they not go through the reception crowd and instead recommended they walk OUTSIDE with food.  Hey, its still March here in Philly!

Maybe on another day, Zesty's would have wowed us without these little snafus and earned itself a solid 4 maybe even a low 5 star review.  Instead, I'm left wondering if I should bother to give them another shot...
I adore coming here. The host/greeter is the owner! Yep he's amazing and sweet. He's a great conversationalist. The bartender is knowledgeable and very friendly. I typically come alone since I live nearby. I sit at the bar for some good conversation. 

The bartender turned me on to a cappuccino martini which is the BEST!!! You have to try it. The calamari is delicious and the happy hour is awesome. You must come by and be pleasantly surprised.
Finally dined at Zesty's and the experience was, in a word, bizarre.  Things started off strange when we walked in from the sweltering August heat and found that the AC was not on in half the restaurant.  Luckily we got seated under the working unit, though everytime it shut off, we got pretty hot.

It was a good 10-15 minutes after being seated before anyone came to greet us.  It looked like our waiter had maybe just arrived for his shift/come back after break (he was literally tying his apron at our table). I understand waiting for menus/etc, but would've at least appreciated someone filling our water glasses while we waited.  

After our first table touch, we finally got a bar menu with a draft list... which turned out to be totally different from what was posted behind the bar, which was in turn totally different from what was actually on draft.  I ordered a beer and was told that they had to switch over the keg, would I mind waiting. Not at all, but after a solid 15-20 minutes, it turns out they didn't have the beer I ordered after all.  Again, totally fine, but not sure why there was such a delay in relaying that. 

Luckily when our food arrived, it was good enough to mostly erase the awkwardness of everything that had happened up to that point.  We had the flambeed cheese and mustard mussles as appetizers, and both were stellar.  The complimentary bread and oil was also delicious.  I opted for the greek salad as an entree, which was solid, and my dining partner enjoyed the gnocchi.  Neither of us went for the true greek dishes (lamb, spanakopita, etc), but as we saw them coming out to other tables we agreed we'd like to come back to try them. 

Unfortunately the awkwardness continued after our meal.  We felt a bit pressured into using cash for tip - which usually I am totally on board for anyway, no big deal.  But we wanted to leave $15 and only had $20 bills... and then it turned out there was no change to be had, anywhere in the restaurant.  I asked two waitresses and the bartender, and none of the 3 were any help.  $5 isn't a huge deal, and I generally don't mind being generous, but really, how do you operate without any cash on hand? 

Willing to perhaps chalk this up to an off-night, but might opt for a seat at the bar next time.
I am in town for a little mini vacation - my first trip away from home since the pandemic! Do some sightseeing, visit family...and, at the recommendation of a friend, I booked a reservation for Zestys. 

A peaceful train ride from City Center to Manayunk - a picturesque Philly suburb about 6 miles west of downtown Philly - and not even a 5 minute walk from the station to the restaurant.

I was greeted outside by Andrew, one of the servers, who promptly seated me indoors at a booth by a cute fish tank. The atmosphere was very relaxing and relatively quiet. Music played softly on the sound system, and the restaurant was roughly at 30-40% capacity. I felt quite safe - safety protocols are being followed at this establishment! 

I ordered a VERY delicious Prosecco Punch (imagine if sangria were made with Prosecco instead of red wine. Exactly!), and the baby octopus appetizer. 

Baby Octopus is a MUST HAVE! It was sliced in rounds, making it much easier to enjoy - and not quite sure if it's a vinaigrette sauce it's prepared in, but it was wonderful. Chickpeas, diced onions and peppers...and I noticed just a touch of heat (spice) in the aftertaste on my palate. LOVED it! 

For the entree, I ordered the baby lamb chops and asked to substitute the side for orzo - another home run! Cooked exactly as requested (med well), tender, juicy, just the right touch of seasoning, and the orzo was wonderfully al dente and I felt the fragrance of the seasonings and spices in my mouth as I savored every morsel! 

Baklava for dessert - made from scratch, warm and melt in your mouth goodness. I feasted like a queen! 


Finally - A special shout out to Andrew, who was most attentive and helpful with menu choices, and being so gracious. Also to Mark (manager) and Trisha (bartender) for being so very kind and welcoming! If there is something I have missed with this pandemic, it's that sense of connection, and being able to be around people. The warmth and family atmosphere I sensed during my evening at Zestys is something I truly needed, and will never forget. 

Without a doubt, I will be back. Hopefully soon. :)
My wife and I went to Zesty's tonight for the first time with our daughter (at her recommendation-she had been there before) and we really enjoyed it. Our server was the owner's grandson Niko and he was great. For an app, we had the baby octopus and it was a generous portion and very tasty. For an entree my wife had Mousaka, my daughter the benzino fish dish and I had veal with wild mushrooms. We shared portions of all three and agreed that all were delicious. In terms of ambiance, there was a two man band playing and, initially, we were a little worried that it might be too loud but in the end we enjoyed their music and the volume was perfect for dinner music. Overall, we had a memorable dinner at Zesty's tonight and look forward to returning!
I've eaten at Zesty's on many occasions and have always found my meals to be delicious.  
They have a huge menu that includes Mediterranean pastas, fish & meat, as well as a daily selection of fresh fish.  I've tried quite a  variety of dishes and have had no complaints, but I must say their seafood is absolutely excellent.  I especially like their loup de mer, a very nice, light, white fish.  Their fresh fish dishes are served with the head on, so just be prepared for that.
Their Greek salad is also a favorite of mine to order - in fact its my favorite place in town to order a Greek salad.  Very tasty!
I have always found the service to be very nice and the restaurant in general is a fantastic place to eat.  Definitely request an outdoor table if the weather is nice!
The exceptional experience I had last night at Zesty's actually resulted in a touch of regret, regret for not having tried Zesty's before in the years I've been living in the area and walking by it. Therefore, I would like to express my sincerest apologies to my palate for this unnecessary deprivation of deliciousness. 

We decided to stop into Zesty's at around 7pm on a Friday night, after visiting a few neighboring establishments for pre-dinner drinks. In fact, the plan was for Zesty's to be but another of our one-drink stops on the way to have dinner someplace else. It was the warm, inviting environment that caused us to stay and finish our night here with dinner. 

The space is actually pretty beautiful, and boasts a kind of religious theme. There are large posters of interior shots from St. John's (the huge cathedral-esque church in Manayunk), and the booths actually look like real wooden church pews. This accompanied a rustic aesthetic, with hints of modernity, all in a dim lighting. It's really the sort of place where you want to hang out for a long time. 

The beer selection was pretty good, and most of the beers on tap were decent imports, along with a couple of local crafts brews and the requisite Miller Lite. I had a Franziskaner (properly served in a hefe weizen glass) and a Palm, which I believe is a Belgian ale. My wife had a simple mixed drink, which was made well. 

The high point of the experience was actually the food. The menu is fairly extensive, with the highlights being Greek specialties and seafood. I made an uncharacteristic decision and went with the seafood special. The special, which was a little pricey at $32 (but was intended for two people, to be fair), was a whole Dorado fish that weighed about 2lbs. It was spectacular. The fish was charcoal grilled, fileted, and had most of the bones removed. It was in a very subtle buttery sauce that just served to accentuate the flavors of the fish. It was finished with capers and a little too much fresh flat-leaf parsley. I generally don't go this crazy with my orders, in fact spending that much on a dish is kind of anathema to me, but I would totally order this again. 

Finally, I should note that the staff was exceptionally pleasant, and I really liked everyone we encountered there. You should definitely check this place out.
First of all, I was in love with the atmosphere. The entire restaurant was closed during the winter for renovation and the result was stunning! I can't believe it was all done by the owner who was over 70 years old!
The service was exceptional. The waiter was super friendly and very open to give us suggestions on what to order. He also showed that he was in love with the place himself so it just made the entire experience more positive. 
Finally, the food is super delicious. We ordered the baby octopus dish as an appetizer and it was the best octopus I've ever eaten. Give the fact that octopus is my most favorite food, that was definitely quite a compliment.
Overall, I loved the entire experience and would definitely come back for a lot more times. Highly recommended!
I don't know how I've missed this place over the past 5 years I've lived in Philadelphia and come to Manayunk.  I made a reservation for 9 for 630 on a Saturday night and we were seated right away as we came in.  Know that valet is complimentary; we brought multiple cars and 2 of us didn't see the free valet sign.  Whoops.

No wine menu so be sure to ask the server about the wines available.  The humus was delicious- a must order dish.  You can tell it's a home made dish.  I ordered a Greek side salad which was good, just a little too much dressing (there was a small pool of dressing at the bottom of my bowl).  The grape leaves were also a table favorite

I ordered the scallops for dinner, very good and well done and I liked the sauce.  Grandma ended up ordering the same thing and was glad she went with it!  Mom ordered the shrimp Glyfada and it was gone by the end of the night.  There were 2 or 3 other dishes ordered that people devoured.  The service was great and the servers did a good job with us, especially as service began to pick up later in the evening.  I'd come back here!
We eat out very frequently and this was by far one of the worst experiences We have EVER had. 
I ordered a special grilled shrimp salad and when it came out it was completely rancid. Nice, serve a pregnant girl bad shrimp. When the waitress sent it back to the kitchen, she said the kitchen agreed it was bad and that it was "the dressing". Since when do you use dressing that smells like bad shrimp? So I ordered an appetizer instead. It took 45 minutes for my appetizer to come out. Obviously everybody was long done with their meal. The worst part was when we got the bill, they overcharged us for the app! We asked to speak to the owner who came to the table to introduce himself at the beginning of the meal, but he refused to come out!!! Can you even?!?
Also our waitress never refilled our water a single time. 
Why I don't like to say all bad things, everybody else enjoyed their entree once the smell of bad shrimp dissipated from the table. Also after we complained about the overcharge for the app, the waitress removed the item from our bill altogether (why was this not done immediately or at least a dessert sent out after the terrible meal/experience??)
Overall, weird decor, weird smell, bad service, very very very overpriced too. Not sure how this place survives with all the competition and the way they do business. I would never recommend anybody go here!
Stop everything you're doing and do your self a favor by going to Zesty's! I've been wanting to come here since I heard that they have live GREEK music on Fridays (and belly dancer sometimes).  My girlfriend and I came here for dinner date and by the time the night was over, we had became friends with the staff and met the owner. Now let's break it down 

Food - the highlights were octopus ( A MUST ), Saganaki cheese, and stuffed spinach Burek. Everything was also great! 

Drinks - baklava martini. Can you believe it? It was amazing 

Atmosphere - you will feel like you're in an authentic Greek restaurant. The music was a very nice touch, it's not too loud and overwhelming, just perfect. 

The staff - I can't say this enough, everyone was great! Special shout out to Eric! 

I am officially the biggest fan of Zesty's.
Fantastic, authentic Greek food. We had the Octopus, Egg Lemon soup, and a Greek salad with chicken, all were excellent. The owner cooked our food and greeted us at the table following our meal. The  service was attentive and very friendly. Overall, a better than great dinner. We can't wait to go back.
Ended up booking a luncheon party at this location for 30 people on a Sunday in the Fall.  It was dead in there, maybe two other tables in the entire place.  Our crowd was relegated to the back area which was a little small to hold our entire party.  People were Squeezed together and some party members had to sit in another area of the restaurant separated from the party.  Service was  slow but mainly because there was only one server working along with the manager, whom I don't believe was taking order.

The food was awesome!  Good Greek salad and excellent filet mignon.  The Baklava was standard.
I've been to Zesty's twice now and thoroughly enjoyed myself each time. Went last night during Manayunk Cocktail Week and had a vanilla russian cocktail, SO good. Tasted like an iced coffee with a kick. Also had chargrilled calamari, very yummy. Service was awesome, we sat at the bar and the bartender was very attentive and gave solid recommendations.
Food was good, but not compared to Estia in Center City. Anyway, we had the pushiest waiter ever. All he kept saying was "get the octupus" over and over, so we were basically pushed into it. However it was good. haha
I have become quite fond of this place. The staff has always been super nice, especially the man at the bar.  I always go for their avgolemeno soup for carry-out. It is a must-try.  It's loaded with rice and chicken and has a nice lemony kick to it.  It is absolutely delicious to me.  One time I ordered three of these things and they gave me an entire load of bread to take home as well - which was  awesome for soup dipping by  the way.  While I'm waiting for any carry-outs, they always offer me a glass of water (which a lot of places don't think to do) with a slice of lemon - fancy!  

I talked to one of the regulars at the bar and apparently they have this beet small eats that's not on the menu, but if you ask for it, they can make it for you.  And it's supposed to be amazing.  So if you like beets, apparently this is a good starter for you!
Had a great lunch date during the arts fest, the AC was on and the food was yummy! 

We just decided to share a few dips and enjoy a light salad. All of which were very fulfilling. We opted for veggies instead of pita. If I could do it over again I may have just gotten a bowl of hummus to myself. It was soooo yummy!! 

The service was friendly and the environment was nice. I'd love to come back one night for dinner and get the full experience!
Always enjoyed myself here. They re-opened last Sept. & reinvented themselves as of late- to be more of a 'bar' for the Manayunk young crowd. 
They should have tried to update the menu during that time. Though,we miss the fresh fish display- and the variety of choices. Old faves such as the hummus, calamari, saganaki and gnocci are still great.
The place was packed on a Saturday night. We had to sit by the door, but even the draft couldn't ruin the fine meal I had here. 

We began with the hummus, which was as good as others have stated. For the main course I went with the Chicken Lefkadas, which is chicken breast stuffed with fresh spinach & feta cheese, served on top of mashed potatoes and green beans, with mushroom cream sauce. Amazingly tasty. My guest had the Liga Apo Olla, which while filling was a bit less inspiring.

For dessert we tried the baklava cheesecake, which was good, but I would have preferred straight baklava, as cheesecake to me is a bit tired.

The atmosphere/decor was quite inviting, with inventive use of lighting, including colored lights of the ceiling. Our server Sophie returned often to refill our glasses. I don't understand all the losers here complaining about it being overpriced - one joked about going to Burger King instead - maybe that tells you something. (FYI the nearest Burger King is on Chelten Avenue in Germantown.)

Final note - there are two bars here, making it a fine place to imbibe your favorite libation in style. I had not seen it since the renovation but I am sure I will return soon.
I am really shocked at the relatively high marks that this place has received. This was one of the worst dining experiences we have had in recent memory.

We came here for a late lunch. My main issue was with the quality of the food. If this qualifies as Greek food, it is an EXTREMELY Americanized version of Greek food. We ordered the avgolemono soup, a large Greek salad with grilled chicken, and the octopus appetizer. The avgolemono was edible, but it tasted somewhat artificial and had an excessively heavy consistency, like someone had added too much artificial thickener. The "Greek" salad was generous in size, but the lettuce was droopy and the dressing was excessively vinegary. They were very skimpy with the feta, which was the crumbled variety and tasted very industrial, with little character. The chicken was partially burned, totally dry, and barely edible. But the biggest disappointment was the octopus. It was tough as a tire and drowning in vinegar. We didn't finish it. This mediocre food, along with two beers and a juice, was $60. It was, to say the least, not worth the money.

The other major issue was the service. We arrived around 2.30pm and asked for a booth. We were told they were no longer seating in the booth area, but could put us in the back. Fine. But when we sat down, it became apparent that the reason we were being seated in the back is that they were preparing for a private party. From that point on, we sat through tables sailing past one inch from our faces, chairs being dragged across the floor with ear piercing screeches, and the party organizer fighting with the waiters and manager just to the side of our table. If this wasn't unpleasant enough, our waitress was doing double time serving our table and doing party prep. She didn't write down our order, and clearly forgot about the octopus. Rather than admitting the mistake when she brought the other food, she put in a late order and we had to wait another 15-20 minutes for that dish. 

My overall impression is that this place has its eye more attuned to profit making than quality food and service. One or two other servers (though not our own) apologized for the clearly unpleasant experience we were having. Note to manager: close your restaurant when you have a private party, or at least warn guests about what is going on. If you are clearly providing a subpar experience, have the decency to comp your guest a drink or appetizer, just as a gesture of good will.  Needless to say, we won't be coming back here.
Completely unexpected five-star experience. As we walked by the restaurant, I just thought it would be average Greek food. But there was a lot more in store inside...

Every single dish we ordered was outstanding.  The hummus was seasoned perfectly and served with piping hot, fresh pita.  Grilled calamari in balsamic reduction and grilled octopus with lemon and olive oil also got high praise!  But best of all was my salmon entrée. The salmon was cooked perfectly... juicy and able to cut it with a fork only.  Even the rice pilaf served with it was perfect. How many times do you hear people rave about the rice pilaf?!

But even better was the outstanding service!  If you go there, please make sure that you sit in Italian grandmother Carlin's section!  She cracked really funny jokes with excellent delivery, made sure our glasses were always full, and even gave us free second helping of hummus.
Great atmosphere. The food was very average. Was kind of disappointing . It was 3 of us we had different appetizers and meals and everything was sort of boring and flavorless .  Love Greek food bit this place was far from favorites  ..
The food was very very good. The only thing is i wish the mussels with the pasta was not in the shell. The service was great and I loved the decor. We will definitely come back.
If I could give this place more then 5 stars I would. I went here last night for dinner because I had bought a living social deal awhile ago and figured we'd give it a try. We went at 9:30pm on a saturday night and there was only one other couple eating. The waiter was super helpful when we asked questions about the menu and even gave suggestions. The bread they give it a good size loaf and the oil infused with garlic is delightful. We shared the hummus appetizer and it was delicious...warm pita and creamy yummy hummus. I got the ricotta gnocchi (I was slightly hesitant bc i'm not a big fan of gorgonzola) and it was superb. The sauce was super tasty and not too overpowers and the gnocchi was amazing....melts in your mouth. You can tell it was fresh and they made it fresh and not store packaged and just boiled. My BF got  the chicken lefkadas and loved it as well. Good portions, not bad prices...would totally recommend. Definitely coming back here!!!
Amber was a great server the food was mediocre no seasoning while cooking made it a challenge to create flavor once it was delivered to our table. I honestly would not go back again or recommend it.
So, I'm not sure whether to review this place as Zesty's or Munk and Nunn, because the menus, business cards, and discount cards refer to it as both. The website is Munk and Nunn. The signs outside are Zesty's, which really confused my friend and me when we were trying to find Munk and Nunn.

The inside is very pretty. The tables look like they have marble tops and the seats are pews. There are pictures of beautiful churches, and fish tanks divide the first room and second room.  There's a big bar in the middle of the first room, and the ceiling is decorated with small Christmas lights. The bathrooms were clean and had cool faucets.

Their beer selection isn't great and our soco and lime shots tasted pretty watered down, but the bartender was really friendly. My friend and I shared some delicious grilled calamari covered in balsamic vinegar.

I had an overall good experience and will definitely come back again, but I can't give it four stars. I only tried one thing, and it bothers me that they won't decide on a name. It's unprofessional and confusing to be both. We spoke briefly with the owner, and he said that he won't change the signs outside because "people want Zesty's"? I vote for Munk and Nunn.
So I have been craving greek food for a while. Stopped in here for dinner at 5pm on a Sunday. There were only three other customers seated at two other tables, which should have alerted me immediately. The server who was an older gentlemen that was quite confused with the new credit card systems and told us multiple times spent more time discussing his frustration with the new systems (which by the way seemed like it was most likely "square" for processing cc) then being attentive to our needs. Didnt know if they stocked any Retsina which is a typical Greek wine. We ordered Saganaki which is a flaming cheese appetizer. I have had this many times at about half a dozen resteraunts. He had the bartender serve it to us as he told us he once lite himself on fire. The saganaki was not cooked long enough therefore not melted. The ouzo they used to ignite it or the cheese tasted off. It was served without pita. When I asked for pita it took another 15 minutes to get some.  The bread that was brought to the table was stale. The Octopus was good but had to much vinager in the.vegtables is sat on top of. Our Greek  salad took well over 30 minutes with nothing on it that needed to be cooked. The olives on it tasted old and canned. It was very stingy on the feta. Overall I would not go back ever, nor would I ever recommend this place.
Two of us wandering Main Street Manayunk thinking about food are greeted effusively by Zesty's hostess.  Clearly this was to be the place.  We took outdoor seating as it was reasonably cool for a summer's evening.  The Hostess explained the menu and took drink orders.  I had the house Merlot.  Not bad for a bottom of the price range house wine.  My wife had Spanikopita and I had the Ravioli Verde.  Served promptly and tasted great.  The owner or manager came by several times during our meal and the waiter, Shahab, checked the water, wine, etc. frequently but not obtrusively.   There are quite a few things on the menu we'd like to check out so we will be back.
This was my second time there and I will never go back. They are very disorganized. Our waitress was nice but very slow and could not multitask well, which is important as a server. They were out of several bottles of wine we were interested in and didn't actually get drinks until being there for 45 minutes!! Then the food took forever even though the place was empty. When we did get our food it was only mediocre and I love Greek so it was really disappointing. We spent a frustrating 2 hours there so if you plan to eat there make sure you clear your schedule!
Don't be intimidated!

Yes it's fine dining, yes it's pricy, but that's not to say you will leave hungry and offended.

The good: Most of the meat dishes have the portions of a true dinner. Ingredients are quality and real. Bread, yep, the bread and oil alone is delicious. Attention to how your food was cooked. Crowds here are friendly and open. No snooty bologna, you may actually leave the place befriending. Interior design is interesting. Ability to pick your fish. Service. Dancing on some nights.

Not so good: Some nights are dead and others are jam packed, it difficult to gauge.

Suggest:
The filet.
Any hock.
Hummus.
The online menu does not reflect current prices. Everything was decent and the serving sizes were large.
Mediterranean food is one of my favorites so I wanted to like this place. I really did. Therefore, after my first experience was so-so I decided to give it another try. The second experience did not wow me either. The food is just very average to be honest. Nothing is bad, but nothing is particularly great either. My first trip I had a salad off of the lunch menu. Like I said, it wasn't bad but the quality of the vegetables was like something I would get off of a salad bar at a chain restaurant somewhere. My second trip I had the tzatziki appetizer and an entree. Once again, neither option was bad, but the flavors just seemed a bit off to me. I think my biggest problem withe Zesty's is that the prices are far higher than the quality of the food.
And also, what was up with the weird name change where it became Munk and Nunn for about 9 months before converting back to Zesty's?
Best Greek in Philly. I'm so sad that Zesty's is so far from me. 

Avgolemeno soup - absolutely out of this world here. I love my best friend to death (who is also Greek), but Zesty's has the best I have ever had. It's light yet creamy from the egg and it's just so perfect. The generous chunks of white meat chicken have consistently been tender, so you know the soup hasn't been simmering for hours making the chicken a choking hazard. Also, this soup is so hard to come by so please take advantage and try bowl when you come here. You won't regret it, I promise.

Spanakopita - also a classical favorite. Crispy flaky phyllo dough with just the right ratio of spinach to feta cheese.


Moussaka and Pastichio - amazing here. HOWEVER, they do top it with a tomato base sauce which I personally do not prefer. It's not because I don't like their recipe, I just don't like tomato based sauces too much so it's a personal preference on my part. However, I order it without it and I absolutely gorge myself. They ask if you'd like veggie or meat option too.
The level of service at this restaurant makes it abundantly clear why there were only 3 tables of diners on a Friday night. Actually, using the word "service" for what we experienced is a stretch. 

This restaurant doesn't have a wine list. They have a clunky plastic clad iPad that you have to pass around. 

The waitress had zero knowledge of said clunky wine list. When one of my dining companions asked for a dry Greek red, she had to go ask the bartender. When she brought the wine however, she didn't even bother to inform us what wine she brought. 

In addition, she shattered a wine glass across our table. I had glass on my plate and on my lap. No apology. She even tried to minimize the situation by saying, 'oh well, you only have one piece of glass in your lap'. For future reference - the only acceptable number of glass shards in my lap is ZERO. 

The entrees came out extremely staggered. Three came out, then about 4 minutes later, three more. Mine came out about 15 minutes later after all of the other people had finished their meals. I would have canceled my entree at that point, if I could have found our waitress. 

No apologies for the appalling service were made. No manager ever came to our table. Nothing was comped. 

The decor is hideous. They have massive fish in these tiny little tanks. It is sad. The place looks cheap, but the food is so expensive. 

The real shame is that the food was actually good. The char grilled octopus was amazing. The hummus was great - smooth, creamy, flavorful. No one at our table had any complaints about the food. 

But after that horrid service, I will never eat there again. And you shouldn't either.
Zestys is my favorite place to go for date night. The atmosphere is romantic and the food is always outstanding no matter what you get. The seafood is always very fresh and you can taste it. My personal favorites include: the best crab cakes (hardly any filler and I can say this being a Marylander), the Greek salad- it's the homemade dressing, the mussels krasata, the calamari, the hummus, the spanakopita, the filet (with mashed potatoes) and the baklava. This is the only place in town you can get authentic Greek Wines (the owner Tom orders them directly from Greece)! It's also a good spot to come and grab a martini with friends. The owner/chef Tom really knows how to make his customers feel welcomed here. Truly an underrated gem in Manayunk. So excited to hear they will be offering delivery through grubhub/postmates soon!!!
Let me start by saying that I have always loved zesty's. I was very disappointed that it was closed for such an extended period of time and couldn't wait for it to open again, however I have yet to have a good experience since it reopened. The "remodeling" looks non existent. Still looks exactly the same. I have attempted to go 4 times since the reopening. The first time they said they were closed because the bathroom pipe was broken. The second time I went at 4:00 on a Saturday they said they were not open until 5:00. Who is not open at 4:00 on a Saturday in manayunk? We then went across the street and spent our money at Derek's. The third time I tried to order a glass of red wine and was informed that they had no red wine in the entire building. After asking for help the extremely inexperienced bartender found one bottle that he couldn't even tell me the type of grape it was.... Isn't it written on the label? They were also out of 50% of the items on the menu that we tried to order. This last time we went the restaurant was actually open. The food quality was there, however everything else about the restaurant was horrible and unorganized. My calamari and octopus dishes arrived at least five to ten minutes before my dirty martini arrived, which I ordered first. The bartenders looked like they had never bartended before. The waiter was nice however he took away my plate without asking while I still had food on it and was actively chewing! I I don't know what is going on with this place but it is definitely doomed.
Best meal we've had in awhile!  Can't believe we haven't walked over and had dinner here before.  Amber, our waitress was exceptional - attentive, friendly, and awesome to speak with!  The owner and chef came to the table, ensured we were pleased, and joked around for a bit.  Highly recommended!  We'll be back!
Our first week in the area, and we decided to give this one a try. Most of what we ordered was good, but way overpriced. We are from the West coast so we're used to paying for a good meal, but I expected greatness when I ordered the 3 jumbo shrimp with rice pilaf for $24. The seasonings were bland and it was a poor presentation...just a giant portion of rather pain pilaf and shrimp that didn't blow my hair back. 

 My husband ordered a greek salad (started) that was great, and pizza (good) and we ordered the trio of dips and pita, also good. We brought along our little girl, and ordered pizza for her (which didn't come out w/the changes we requested: which was just no basil). *if you have kids, there isn't much on this menu, not because you can't make do...just the prices are ridiculous for tiny bellies. 

The service was only mediocre...we dined outside and we were surprised to have our server lean over the railing to hand us food and drinks rather than place them on the table. She also left after taking our order and delivering our drinks, had the bartender bring out our food, bring us additional things we needed, and then only when she presented the check did she return. Never checked on us to see how the meal was, etc...

With so many restaurants to explore in this area and surrounding, this is one we won't be back to. We were actually kicking ourselves for not trying the Thai across the street instead.
I went because I had a $50 Living Social deal. I remember this as being a really great place years ago. We were the only table. It took 20 minutes to get our drinks. The appetizers of hummus and octopus were actually good. The entrees and service were terrible. The salmon was over cooked and my stuffed chicken was inedible as it was over cooked and stuffed with canned spinach. I took two bites and pushed it to the edge of the table. It took another 20 minutes for the server to approach and ask
If I wanted to bag it to go. I would not go back and now I see why they have a living social deal. This place has really declined.
$5 sangria Saturday (huge, delicious sangia), and the best calamari I've ever eaten.  Cute church pews for booths.  Definitely good.
Dropped by Zesty's after going to Helium for a comedy show. Purchased a groupon and had a great dinner. Was surprised to find street parking. Was greeted right away and seated. The waiter was so nice. Ordered mussels which were big, juices and the broth was delicious. I asked to take the leftover broth home and the waiter gave me a soup container and extra bread. I ordered the side Greek salad and it was big enough to share. I also ordered the grilled calamari which was outstanding. My date ordered the chicken dish and he said it was awesome. I would return to Zesty's for the Sunday brunch. I can't wait to return.
First let me start by saying the new owners are so nice & friendly and greet each of their guests with the same wonderful invite. But it comes with a sad heart that I only gave two stars. This used to be one of my favorite restaurants but since renovating it seems that they may be overdoing themselves. I can't say too much about the taste of the food because it took an hour (literally) to receive our appetizers, hummus & grilled calamari, which I had to ask to have re-heated because it was freezing cold. This then took 25min to warm up. Our waitress was nice & polite but m.i.a. we had to get our drinks from the bar the entire night. After our app's took so long to come out we assumed our dinners (shrimp & Greek salad) were sure to follow, well, another 35min went by and no food. So after an hour and 45min we had hummus. Needless to say, we asked for our entree's to be taken off the bill (which they were more then accommodating to do). We left a little bummed and really hungry, but overall atmosphere is good, friendly service and a good menu selection, just wish we could have eaten dinner!
After several years of being away we returned to a delightful evening of Greek wine, tableside flamed saganaki, spanakopita, and the chef's amazing moussaka! 

All to be topped off with a visit from Annatomas (sp?) ""Tomas"  himself! This is a man who truly cares about his restaurant in his business. He brings his recipes from the old country and serves them to patrons with love and dedication. 

When I worked off of Wissahickon Avenue, this was one of the places my wife and I would frequent for excellent Greek food. I'm so glad nothing has changed in 6 years! Opa!
Went out to a nice date night dinner with the man, this place was wonderful. We ordered saganaki for an appetizer, it was cheesy goodness with a yummy zing of lemon zest. We also got spanakopita and gnocchi al gorgonzola. Although the gnocchi was really rich and delicious, the spanakopita was the all star of our dinner. We finished with the almek dessert pudding and it was delicious. 

The service was wonderful, fast and friendly. We accidentally ordered a dessert wine and our server exchanged the bottle with the Maximo Tempranillo. It was very gracious not to charge us for our own mistake. The owner also stopped by the table to ask how everything tasted and  was very pleasant. Overall a wonderful dinning experience.
Came here for restaurant week. First timers. 

food:
Tzatziki and mussels were awesome appetizers. The moussaka was fabulous, the shrimp and rice entree was just okay. The dessert, baklava, was BAD. way too sweet that it actually burned our throats. It was also hard and seemed old

Service:
Slow 

I would go back, but this place is not as good or authentic feeling as other Greek restaurants in Philadelphia like Kanella, Estia, Dmitri's, or Zorba's.
Great food! Must have: Ravioli (veg)!! Even the egg soup is delicious. My friends shared a Lamb dish and they couldn't stop appreciating it! 
The place is as such has a very pleasant ambience with hues of blue and red. Good place for group dinners and dates! 
The service is good and the staff is very friendly.
Enjoyed the older menu better- it appears that they are serving a high end menu with all ala carte items-no platters with salads or soups. The price of the entrees is high for what you receive. The food was quite good but the portions average. 
I ordered a rum and Coke-Coke was flat (they replaced and reserved). Daughter ordered a Sprite- they out of Sprite. 
No kids menus but was told they would make a "kid's portion". That's great that they served a smaller portion of chicken and pasta for my daughter but they charged me $19 bucks for it. 
The food is good but it seems like they are confused about what type of restaurant they want to be.
Zesty's is an amazing little find in Manayunk.  Right along the canal with outdoor seating on Main Street, you can enjoy a menu full of huge Mediterranean flavor.  Love the grilled calamari, and all the wonderful fresh catches on ice to choose from.  Thom the owner treats everyone like Greek Family. Oh and the live music and dancing every other Friday night is worth putting on your calendar! Seek and you will find a true treasure at Zesty's.
Ask Michael the server about this favorite Roseanne episode 

The octopus is great, they offered us complimentary drinks. 

The owner is friendly - introduced himself to us.
I LOVE ZESTY'S.  The food is delicious, always fresh, and the owner is a perfectionist, so you know you are getting a good meal.  If for some reason it's not (and that won't happen), he'll make it right!  The gorgonzola gnocchi are the best I've ever had, as is the spanakopita.  Make sure to get the baklava, especially if it was just baked and can be served hot out of the oven.  Tom, the owner, as well as the wait staff, really make you feel appreciated and at home.  I don't live in Manayunk, and I rarely come to Manayunk for dinner, but I'll make the trip for Zesty's.
I only had the avgolemeno, pistichio, moussaka, and spanikopita.  The avgolemeno was amazing... a bit pricy but also worth every cent.  The pisticho and moussaka were pretty good too, although I do not care for the tomato meat sauce on top.   To be fair....I had had some phenomenal Greek food, so my standards are pretty high.  I did not like the spanikopita.   I think there was dill in it.  I love dill, but I did not like it in my spanikopita.  

Our server was very nice.  Unfortunately there was a wedding reception the day we went.  I did not like how the they did not FYI us that there was going to be an event and ask if we would mind, because I definitely would have mind.  I hated having the wedding people blatantly hoovering over our table, resting their hands on our seating, and just being out-of-this-world discourteous.  

Moreover, the server should not have to go outside and through the side door to pack our left overs.  I know it's not her fault, but the management needs to step up their game.  I don't give a hoot if there's a reception near the kitchen door... the reception patrons should suck it up or pay to have the restaurant closed and to themselves.  OR the management could have alerted the wedding patrons that severs will be going in and out through this area for other patrons - should they probably did not do (it's the only logical inference).

Overall... avgolemeno was amazing, the food quality (at least of the ones we had) was OK, amicability of our server was good, but management needs some work.    I do not think anyone wants to have some random boy putting his paws on my arm rest and just staring, watching us eat. I KNOW no one wants to have some person leaning against the booth that when you lean back, you essentially lean back on him.  

Me personally.... awesome food is ubiquitous.  Thus, management essentially the deal breaker for me.  If I were to go back, it would only be for the avgolemeno.
Stopped in for late night dining outside and received phenomenal service from Amber. The food was incredible. I highly recommend the octopus appetizer and lamb shank. The octopus was delicious and the flavors of the onions peppers and feta perfectly complimented it. The lamb literally fell off the bone. Amber was warm and accommodating. This was my first visit but I will definitely be back.
Went to Zesty's for the first time on a Friday night. Had a good crowd and live music and dancing. I enjoyed the fish tanks surrounding the booths, there was a large fish in the one by our booth and it was fun to see it swim around. We ordered the tzatziki appetizer and a greek salad/ chicken lefkadas for dinner. The appetizer was good and there was a great amount of tzatziki and hot pita bread. The chicken was very fresh and I ate my leftovers the next day. The greek salad was OK, not something I would order again.
I've lived in Manayunk for 4 years and have always overlooked Zestys and I have no idea why! I went late on a Friday night (around 10pm) and the restaurant was fairly quiet with the exception of the bar. It's Greek/Mediterranean food and the décor matches that feel effortlessly. 

I started with the mussels which I'm a huge fan of and they were delicious! The sauce was so flavorfull! For my main course I ordered the sea bass. It was beautifully cooked, but would have been better with a sauce rather than the simple tomato/caper medley. 

The only reason I didn't offer a 5 star review is because of my drink. I ordered their signature martini and it didn't seem to have the elements that were in the drink description. Overall the food is delicious the people are so hospitable - it's definitely a place I'll come back to!
We ended up coming to Zesty's when a lot of other Main Street restaurants had a long wait on a busy weekend night.  There was a reason it was pretty empty.  Zesty's menu was very overpriced and a bit confused.  For a Greek place, they had a lot of Italian American food like pasta and pizza.  They would have done better to focus on perfecting their Greek appetizers and entrees, and having more combinations or sampler.  Instead, their food was pretty mediocre, and even on a night when they had almost no customers, they rushed us at every step of the way.  All we wanted was a sampler of different Greek appetizers like Spanakopita, Tiramosalata, Moussaka, etc.  However, each of those dishes was pretty expensive individually and we were not looking to pay $16 for each one.  We settled on a couple of dishes, but felt that we overpaid for such Greek staples.  The portions were pretty small and the quality mediocre.  The tiramosalata was very good - but they made us pay for extra pita when we ran out.  It was also very dark - so we could barely see our food, and there was some sort of karaoke event setting up in the back.    Overall, nothing too exciting and it was overpriced compared to the portions and quality.
Hands down one of the best restaurants in Manayunk. Not the standard burger fare but wonderful traditional Greek and amazing service. The octopus and soups are delish and the fresh fish is yummy!
Food was amazing! Service was fast and friendly and the chef definitely enjoyed seeing us enjoy his amazing food outside of the window haha. The chicken stuffed with feta, spinach and mushroom sauce was amazing! Branzino and grilled octopus were worth coming back for more for seconds. Definitely recommending to friends who are in the the area.
