Twice I've taken advantage of a Yelp coupon while placing an pickup order from Zestos. And twice my meal surpassed expectations. Their meat calzone and cheesesteak stromboli are both mouth-wateringly good (slight edge goes to the calzone with its creamy ricotta and marinara dipping sauce). And as other reviewers have echoed, the portion sizes are outta control. Quality ingredients, prompt service, and great value. Well done, Zestos.
I've ordered pizza twice here now and I've got to say that it's probably the best Margherita I've had in a long time! I only get a slice each time because the slice is about twice the average pizza place slice and even though it's a speciality slice, the price tag is still only $3.25. This second slice was a bit greasier than the one I got on my first visit; just something I noticed. 

Counter service has been quick both times, even though both times I was in around lunch time. Highly recommend it especially since they don't have a card minimum like most places in nearby manayunk! Plus, as others have mentioned, they do specials like  2 slices and a drink for like $6-7 bucks. Worth a try if you're in the area!
The restaurant is clean and updated, also I have to say the service at the counter is fast. I ordered the BLT club sandwich and waited for my order, which only took about 10 minutes. The club was humungous- piled high with lots and lots of bacon... TOO much bacon- and this is coming from someone whos favorite food is bacon!! The club sandwich is huge, while the bag of chips they give you with it is miniscule. Kinda funny- super disportionate.  While I wouldn't order this particular meal again, I would definitely return to try something else off their menu. All of the food I saw here today looked, and smelled delicious. I will give this place another try.
After a 3 week hiatus in NC/VA, I needed a cheesesteak in my life. Naturally, I hit up Zesto's - a solid delivery spot in Manayunk/Roxborough. You get the food fairly quick and it is consistent, which is much appreciated. 

I do not order pizza from Zesto's so I cannot speak on that, but I do order their subs, wraps, salads, and appetizers on a frequent basis. I'm not going to lie...my hangover cure from Zesto's is a buffalo chicken cheesesteak with a side of onion rings...and I order this more than I would like to admit. The chicken is flavorful, their buffalo sauce is actually spicy, and the onion rings are crispy & not excessively breaded. I also really enjoy their wraps, and if I'm feeling reallly healthy, I'll get a salad because they are HUGE. I will continue ordering from Zesto's when I am in need of a hangover cure or just want a good wrap/salad :)
Delivered in less than an hour
Made with great quality ingredients 
My pizza looked so yummy - took care in their presentation
Zesto Pizza and Grill got me through the Pandemic with all their deliciousness!
But seriously, their pizza is incredible. I normally order the White Margherita Pizza or just a regular plain pizza, so I can really only vouch for those two pies. They put a generous amount of cheese on their pizza, and the crust isn't overly thick or super thin. It's perfect. 
I also ordered a chicken caesar salad once that exceeded my expectations. The portion was huge, and they used high quality ingredients.
Definitely recommend this spot to people driving through Roxborough/Manayunk!
Great pizzas and customer service. 

This place was a real surprise. We were looking for a place near us with good pizza. We have not strayed since! 

We typically get the Italian Stallion or Meat Lovers. The roasted red peppers on the former really add a lot of flavorful to the pizza. Ask for well done pizzas for the best cook. Otherwise the reheat is a bit soggy. We also get their dry wings with hot on the side. I don't know what they put in the hot sauce but it is great!

They also have great customer service. One time we got home and realized they gave us the wrong pizza.  They delivered the right one to us in no time. I was really impressed! 

Not much for seating inside. We prefer to take our orders to go.
Zesto's is definitely my best option for delivery pizza and related items where I work. I have sampled a bit of their menu and everything has been good. Zesto's is consistent which I really appreciate, and is hard to find! 
I like the chicken quesadilla if you get peppers and onions added. I think my favorite item they have is margarita pizza, just ask for it well done. It's very fresh and flavorful. 
They are not the cheapest around, but the most consistent and the best! Solid spot for delivery.
Zesto's has really fast delivery, which is perfect for those nights when you decide on the fly that you want pizza/sandwiches/fries and you want them now.

The pizza is all right--the slices are very large, but the taste is overwhelmingly reminiscent of roller rinks and Chuck E Cheese party pizza. Sandwiches and fries are also okay. This pizza place is also very affordable (specials on slices for less than $6 if you eat in). If you must have delivery fast and you need to feed a lot of people, go for Zesto's.
I stopped into Zesto randomly on my way home from visiting clients one night. The young woman who took my order (I believe her name was Anna) was helpful and extremely friendly.  I was super indecisive and she helped me pick out a couple of items to take home. I tried their Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak which was to DIE for. I don't know what they put in their Buffalo sauce but it was perfect. Not too spicy and even though it had plenty of buffalo sauce it still tasted like a traditional Philly cheesesteak. I also got their signature Zesto fries which were a meal in itself.  I will definitely be back to visit this gem next time I'm in the area. Five stars for excellent customer service and a neighborhood pizza shop that does the job right!
As a Jersey girl, I've struggled to find decent pizza since I've lived in Philly.  This is one of the few places that makes the cut.  The food is tasty, they serve large portions/sizes for the same prices as any other pizza place and they're generous with toppings if ordered.  I've always had quick courteous service whether it be pick up or delivery.  Definitely one of the best pizza places in the Roxborough/Manayunk area.
Ordered here at least 10 times so far. Food is average at best. Not sure where all these great reviews come from.  Everything we order is extremely bland.  The pizza is not very good at all. The wraps are decent.  Calzones are average.  Everything tastes like it needs salt or something to give it taste. Just got a buffalo chix calzone.  The chic tasted like frozen processed chicken. Ate a few bites and threw it out.  I'm done with this place
I've been having a tough time finding a pizza place I like in this area.  I tried Zesto's for the first time, and it's better than others I've tried.  Online ordering is very easy.  The delivery was quick.  Just very disappointed to find that all the cheese on my pizza had slid off the pizza into the side of the box. Otherwise, the pizza was good...but that kinda ruined it for me.
Just moved to the area, and we absolutely love Zestos. 

We've had the quesadillas, chicken panini, chicken wings, curly fries with whiz (to die for), and their very fresh and tasty margarita pizza. Everything is excellent!

Just wish they were a little more vegetarian friendly.
We order from here almost once a week, it is THAT good, and the quality is consistent. They deliver so fast I hardly have time to get the money ready to hand over. We've had everything pretty much. Wraps, pizza, Strombolis, calzones, wings, salads; all very good. Thanks for being awesome, zestos!
I have never been disappointed with an order from Zesto's. We've gotten their pizza, wings, salad, paninis, fries, and dessert, and have always enjoyed them. Additionally, their customer service has always been good and the delivery drivers have also always been pleasant.
So, when I first moved to Philadelphia, there was a "Venuto's Pizza" opening in this spot.  It was SUCH a disappointment!  I tried it a couple of times because I really wanted it to be good, but they just could not execute at all!  When it closed down it was no surprise to me.  

THEN, when it reopened as Zesto, I felt it only fair to give it another shot.  OH BOY!  Their pizza is awesome!  The chicken pesto is one of my favorites!! I also love the cheese steak Stromboli. Their maranara sauce has a nice touch of sweetness to it, which i like.  

Let's be honest, there's pizza EVERYWHERE.... but not pizza of this quality.  This is the only place in my neighborhood that I go for pizza anymore.
Honestly this is the best takeout spot of all time. We order from here like 3 times per week at my job and have never not even once been disappointed. Unlike most take out place that wait to have several orders ready before sending the delivery person out, Zestos send out there food as soon as it's finished so it always arrives hot and fresh.
I don't eat meat, but I do eat fish so obviously my go to for pizza places is tuna. I go to Zestos today wanting a salad but the guy tells me "no" when I ask to taste the tuna. Let's be real, not everyone's tuna is the same. Some people use oil, some mayonnaise, sometimes it's good and sometimes it's just not, so I don't think it's an absurd request and to just simply say "no" was a rude response in my opinion. I live in the area, and there are plenty of other pizza places to go to that won't be rude, and I'm sure will have better food. So much for that.
This place has great food and the fastest delivery service I've seen in the Manayunk area. I'd highly recommend this location!
Ordered from here yesterday for the first time as I have recently moved to this part of Roxborough. I was looking for a good Pizza place and the reviews on Yelp are really good.

I was unimpressed to say the least.

The pizza may have been better had it come hot, but it was barely Luke warm. I ordered a half Margherita, half spinach and mushroom. When the pizza arrived it was already cooled. The cheese was no longer melted which made the pizza hard to pull apart. The toppings, mainly the spinach was bunched together. The spinach was chopped finely (that's either their preference or it came out of a frozen box. 

I question why the pizza came cold as I live literally 3 blocks from the pizza place. Which brings me to my 2nd issue.

It took over an hour for the pizza to get here.

I was just really excited to get a good, or at least half decent pizza, but am now very disappointed.

Too bad I haven't found that great local pizza place I was hoping to have discovered.
Ordered delivery, large pizza 1/2 Hawaiian with roasted peppers and 1/2 sausage, mushroom, onion.  Delivery came within 20 minutes. Toppings were plentiful! The sauce is on the sweeter side, but not too sweet.
First, I want to say everyone at the counter was friendly. 
But, we ordered a large plain pizza and it was just the run of the mill pizza like so many others.  It was definitely nothing to write home about. 
Also, I didn't appreciate that I had to ask for a key to the rest room.  It felt like being at a gas station. On the other hand, the rest room was clean and had plenty of hot water, which is a necessity if you are to wash your hands properly.
I honestly don't get it at all. People talk about this place having the best pizza in Roxborough?!??!?!? Are you kidding me? Is it bad? No, absolutely not. What it is though, is 100% completely and totally average!. Nothing about it screams special at all. Standard crust, sauce and cheese. I would honestly get pizza from AT LEAST 6 other places before I'd go here. Hey Mike E, do you even live in Roxborough??? A "barren wasteland of good take out food"?? Seriously? 

To be fair, I cannot comment on anything else they have there because I only tried the pizza. I gotta say though, there is little shot I'd head back for say a cheesesteak or hoagie considering I could probably hit up 10 other places in in the "wasteland" and get a great sandwich.
I am originally from New Jersey so I am comparing this place to pizza places back home. That being said, it's probably some of the best pizza you can get in this area aside from couch tomato bistro in manayunk. I have ordered multiple things from Zesto and it has been consistently O.K. Most often when I go they only have slices which have meat on them (mainly chicken) which is frustrating for people who prefer vegetarian slices. Their eggplant parmesan is pretty good- although it is a bit bland, could use some oregano or spices which I end up adding myself. Their calzones are huge and consistently alright, though could be crispier (same with their pizza crust).  All in all, I order here pretty regularly because it's adequate food at a reasonable price.
Their pizza is amazing!!!! I also love the flavor of the fries & my kids dig the chicken fingers. I've gotten the fiesta wrap twice now- first time was better though. It's super filling. The added bonus was a free bottle of coke. This place is tasty and good value!
Fast delivery (I'm really not far) and fast service. Good for late night eats. Chicken panini is good, I felt like the Alfredo was missing a little something. The chicken cheesesteak hoagie was excellent. This is all over time of course lol. I would definitely recommend this place for the eats.
I'm from new york so moving to philly never quite found anything that matched up, and id usually just have pizza whenever id be visiting home. but a couple of weeks ago was really craving a good slice of pizza. one of my friends recommended zestos and i decided to come grab a slice. 
it hit the spot! I had gotten a slice of one of their white pizzas and it was so good! I've found my pizza spot in philly finally and will definitely be going back.
I order from here all the time. This place has the best of everything. Their salads are huge and delicious. The grilled chicken that comes on the top, you could literally take half off and save for another FULL meal. The greek salad is my favorite and they don't do light on the feta (who doesn't love a lot of feta?!) A roll comes on the side and its always warm. The wings from here are great too. Messy when you're at work but totally worth it if you don't mind your co workers seeing you get down and dirty for a few minutes. The pasta is sometimes overcooked but that never stops me from devouring it all - even though its like three portions in one. I haven't gotten anything from here that I dislike. Delivery is super easy as well. You can order right online through their website and even make it so they remember your order for next time. Delivery is quick for the most part and the delivery men are always nice. 

I work in germantown and this is the only place I will order from. 

They have awesome desserts too !
I've ordered delivery a few times. The pizza was okay, a little dry, not that hot, and a little overpriced for the "higher-end"pizza they delivered.
After having ordered from just about every pizza joint that delivers to my house, Zesto has become our go-to place.  We probably order from them at least once a week.  We have sampled just about everything on their menu and the food is miles ahead of the competition (ironically except for their pizza which is a bit bland and the cheese isn't great).  The online ordering is very convenient too, except you can get carried away adding stuff to your order, which runs up the bill pretty quickly.  Otherwise prices and portion sizes are pretty comparable.  Delivery times are about average and their estimates are pretty close.  Please do not change a thing...except for maybe the pizza.
After trying a couple different places after moving into the area from the suburbs, Zestos is the best by far and I'm not looking back!

My girlfriend and I love their pizza and my girlfriend loved their wings as well.

Their veggie grinder (which I am a fanatic of and always get them everywhere I go) is phenomenal and I seriously have no complaints.

Fast delivery and the food is always hot and fresh.
Consistantly good food.  Some of the best pizza in town.  The Margherita is amazing and their salads and sandwhiches are good too.  Always timely with delivery.
Being a transplant to Philly from Chicago finding a good slice of pizza was a challenge-  Stumbled into Zestos on my way home one night and was literally floored with how good it is!  The sauce is insane! The cheese and toppings are fresh and delicious. I highly recommend giving this place a try if you have any affinity for good pizza!  My BF loves their Philly cheese steaks as they are literally over a foot long.  Oh and delivery is crazy fast!
I order from Zesto's pretty frequently - about once or twice a week for dinners at work. 

I'm not sure I'd call the pizza memorable but the menu is highly customizable and everything is fresh. The portions are also huge (epic salads!) 

Service is always fast and friendly whether you order delivery, take out, or eat in. 

Definitely a Roxborough staple in my book for reliable pizza. I just wish they were open later (only until 11 pm on Fri & Sat).
Good pizza, sandwiches, and salads! I haven't investigated the claim that they upcharge on Grub Hub but I will before I order again.
It was good.  Living across the river, I'm not sure how often we'll go.  I can tell you it's better than any pizza place on the main line, but that would be damning with faint praise.  

As it was the first time, we ordered a 12" plain as one of our pizzas.  The sauce had a very oregano-ish flavor, which we liked.  We also got one of the white pizzas, which was also good.  

The wind sauce had a good flavor, but we wish they were crispier.

If we were local, I think we'd order often.
Zesto has two main things that separate them from the other pizza shops around this area: consistency and friendly staff. It's extremely hard to find a staff that isnt miserable and dirty looking in this area. As for consistency, you could order pizza from Zesto a thousand times and get the same great product each time. I haven't been disappointed yet with any of the food here. When I walk in the staff knows my name and usually remembers the sides I like (ranch with my pizza, extra sauce with my calzone, etc) and has it ready for me. The only desert I've tried is the rice pudding which was amazing. The prices are average for a pizza shop, but usually you get a far bigger portion than you'd get at your average place. If you live in the Manayunk/ roxborough area, Zesto should be the only place you order from, you won't be disappointed.
We tried this place years ago and were not impressed. However we thought we would give it a try again. We fell in love with it. The pizza is always hot and cheesy when its delivered. The wraps are huge and taste so fresh amazing. I am so glad that we tried this place again!
At first zesto's was good. But then Pizza seemed to get worse. Got a chicken cheese steak and it barely had meat on it. The place is loud and a lot of employees standing around. 
A little over priced.
I only got food from here once and never will again. I got delivery and the sandwich itself was amazing and delicious. But...I can not speak of the horrors it did to my body. It is so disappointing because it was tasty but I could never eat their food again.
If you are eating in, it's just your typical pizzeria.  Nothing special.  Pizza here is very average. I think there is a lot more shops that you can order a better pizza from.  Their broccoli bites were good.  And the people working were very nice.
There was much deliberation surrounding dinner at my house on Saturday evening. My husband and I just returned from the zoo and were pretty worn out from walking all day. We wanted a quick dinner so we stopped at Zesto. We spilt the cheese steak calzone and thankfully ordered a small at the recommendation of the cashier. This calzone was the size of a large pizza tray and packed full of steak, cheese, peppers, and onions. It totally hit the spot other than being slightly greasy for my personal taste.
The WORST pizzaburger I ever had. The burger was overcooked and dry. The roll was just tasteless bread. The pizza sauce was bland and unremarkable. But the thing that really skanked out this sandwich was the smelly, acrid onions. I took a few bites and gave it to the manager. I couldn't eat this crap. The manager offered to make me something else, which I declined since my appetite was killed. I could kick myself for not asking for my money back. I won't be back.
At first, I was a little worried about finding a new pizza place after moving from downtown to the edge of Roxborough. Then, my friend suggested that I try out Zesto's. Boy, was I IMPRESSED! Their BBQ chicken pizza now rivals Sava's for best in the city in my book! Their Cajun pizza is also incredible, with ranch, chicken, peppers, and a spicy Cajun kick. Additionally, the pork in their sandwiches is so juicy and fresh, that my mouth waters just thinking about it!

Overall, a GREAT find in Roxborough, and I highly recommend it - I drop by once almost every week!
Great red margherita and veggie burgers and paninis.  I've been meaning to try something else but the things I've had are so goods that I just keep getting them.
Great food. Everything is great. I've "tried" everything. Ha. Steaks, pizza, salads, wraps, wings (real good), specialty sandwiches. It's all quality stuff. And the service and prices are great. They've got a good thing going up there and the staff are really friendly and just good folks. This is my go-to for food for games and weekends.
There's parking on the street, and a lot around back, if you want to drive to them. Boyfriend has also had other food from them, pizza and fries and such, and says that they're pretty good. However, I'm probably the only person who will write a review not about their pizza..... I love these guys for salad.
I have very specific dietary restrictions, which makes it hard to find food out in many neighborhoods. During the Manayunk bike race, most of the food places that were open were pizza, hoagie, wings. Dairy, gluten, who knows what.
Zesto made me a salad that wasn't on the menu just because I asked for it, and charged a fair price. Spinach! Grilled chicken! Actual veggies and not just a shaved carrot on a bed of iceberg! I think it cost something like $8 and I barely finished it, there was so much food.
Very friendly and great service.
I decided to try Zesto's from the good reviews.  First thing that was a major no-no was that the delivery man called me to come down and get my order, he wouldn't deliver it to my apartment.  He wouldn't even get out of his car.  Seriously!  I ordered a margharita pizza and gyro.  The pizza dough was so undercooked that I couldn't even pick up a piece.  It was delivered stone cold.  Even putting it in the fridge to get cold and solid didn't help. To much sauce, unmelted shredded romano and small blobs of mozzarella only on the pointy ends.  The gyro was barely acceptable and the tzsiki (white) sauce had no kick.  Might as well have been sour cream.   I wil NOT getting food from them again.
Man, I love this place. Best delivery in my area. The online order form is so user-friendly, and you're able to modify your order in any way you like (something lacking in a lot of other restaurants' online order forms). They accommodate my requests every time. The options for food are great - something for everyone. I love their hoagies and pizzas (I recommend them well done personally). 

The delivery is fast and reliable - sometimes I'm surprised at how fast it is! 

Although I don't usually go to the actual location, I have been once, and it is modern and clean. 

When I need delivery, I always order Zesto's. Every time. I just had to give Zesto's 5 stars!
We get dinner take out at least 2 times a week from Zesto or more . Their  grilled chicken and spinach sandwich is great, the club sandwiches are fab, the paninis, wow ... ( thier roast beef in anythng is super)  and thier home made salads,  amazing. I had to get use to the freshness and the mountain of juicy chicken they give you. The  Cesar dressing is  one of the best I ever had.  I've always enjoyed thier pizza, particularly the barbecue chicken. I love how you get  pickles, chips and slaw with your sandwich. It's a meal . The food is always delicious, plentiful and way better than it has to be. You get  great value for your money. The area has a good number of such places and you had better be good to make it here. Zesto is a busy place, cranking out the food. You'll find the cops and the hospital workers chowing down as well as families and kids. The staff is hard working and very nice . Zesto is on our speed dial and we love it

I need to say something about thier bread sticks... what other places call" bread sticks " are but a feeble shadow of Zesto's beauties . Warning : They are totally addictive.  Just another indication of the quality found there, even in a simple bread stick
Zestos is a solid pizza spot in Roxborough with my favorite slice. 

**Just make sure you get there at least a half hour before they close because they throw out all their slices 20 minutes before their advertised closing time.**

Very frustrating and Im not sure why they do it - please serve customers til your closing time or change the time on the door!
Zesto's is a great place,  The food is always fresh and they have a very fast delivery.  I love the salads and wraps.  The pizza is actually pretty good but my only complaint is that they don't cook the pizza long enough to give it a good crisp.

Good job and keep up the good work!
Pizza is awesome -- best I've found in Roxborough. They have lots of topping options that other places don't offer (feta and spinach pizza? Yes please).
Beyond that, the calzones are stellar, as well as enormous. A large calzone is literally the size of a large pizza folded in half. A large calzone and large pizza filled 4 people, and there were still leftovers!
Great taste, good prices, and quick delivery drivers make for our favorite pizza place.
I have never been here, but ordered one thing for delivery. It was a Mediterranean pizza that was beyond incredible. The ricotta cheese on top decorated the pizza as if it was icing on a cake. I'm a pizza snob and this specialty pie exceeded all tests. Delivery was quick, and will always go here anytime I want a specialty pizza.
GOOOD place, the food here kicks, ass, probably then best pizza in Roxborough , and thats no easy feat, with competition, like Alex's Pizza, Tony Roni's , and DeMeo's. 

Wouldnt be stunned if it was labeled an addictive drug... its that damn good , if thet were to go brick oven, they could upset the balance of roxpizza hood  

SO far I have yet to have anything that wasnt friggin DELICIOUS from there.  

Price is comparable to any pizza shop ...Spend $30.00 you get a free 2 liter with your order and you can even order on line 

And they dont skimp on portion sizes either 

Now you know it isnt all wine and roses right? ... the dirt, they seem to screw up orders pretty often.   Id say at least 4 times, weve gotten somthing we didnt order, and its not like the driver just grabbed the wrong stuff... they always say..(well make that up for you ) meaning it wasnt made..but what the hell $hit happens! ..and theyre always cool about it

Their delivery guys are great, they deliver pretty quick too, however im just around the corner
Unfortunately I read the reviews and was excited about my order. However, the pizza that my partner and I ordered was extremely greasy and tasted funny, and we ordered mozzarella sticks that arrived cold and hard.

I emailed Zesto to talk to them about the awful food, and thought maybe I just got a bad batch? But I never heard back. Terrible customer service....
As of late, Zesto has been my go to take-out place. As my rating suggests, the food is decent - not anything to write home about but good enough that I find myself ordering from Zesto pretty frequently. I've had their pasta, chicken gyro, and chicken quesadillas. The portions here are sizable. You probably will end up saving some for your next meal (or regretting that you ate the whole thing!). Everything I've had is flavored fine - again, nothing fancy here. It's just that the food doesn't stand out.

I've had the gyro here, which is not quite a gyro. The sauce isn't quite right, nor is the pita (nor do they pronounce it correctly). 

Service here is great. Staff here is very friendly and efficient. I've never come in where a staff wasn't super friendly, so I really think they stand out in the service department.
Having just moved to the area, one of the first things we did was look for a good local pizzaria. We tried Zesto based on Yelp reviews and weren't disappointed. Everything we've tried has been very tasty, from the pizza to the cheesesteaks to the wraps and paninis, to the pasta. And the delivery has always been fast. They've definitely gained some new regulars!
We have used Zestos Bryn Mawr store for large and small events at Villanova University.  They work with you to ensure that you get exactly what you want at a reasonable price.  The food and the people are excellent.  We actually have an order in for a party for about 160 people.  

Zestos is the best!!!
Of the many pizza spots in Roxborough, Zesto stands out as being one of the strongest. Starting with their wide variety of appetizers to the excellent pizza the menu has no weaknesses across the board. A few things that stand out are their buffalo chicken fingers and the fact that you can easily split their pizzas half and half with gourmet or specialty toppings. This is a huge bonus for when you can't make up your mind or want to feed a variety of appetites. The only downside of the place is that occasionally they get so busy that food takes awhile to be finished. However when this happens they are incredibly friendly and it is always worth the wait once it is ready.
So normally I love zestos because they're so consistent, but the last 2 salads I ordered (2 weeks apart) had grape tomatoes instead of plum (which are listed on the menu).  Not saying it's a huge deal, but personally I'm not a fan for grape tomatoes on a salad, so would have opted without if it were listed on the menu.  Also, recently tried the wings not a fan, too chewy and fatty.  Still on point for most things though!
Awesome pizza. Classic NY style, interesting take on the pepperoni, but it definitely works. Also, great buffalo chicken wraps and curly cheese fries.
Really sad looking margherita pie. Seems like the cheese and basil ratios are a bit off. Sauce is pretty Acidic and has a distinct aftertaste. We ate three slices and threw the rest away. Would not recommend. Also they refuse to update their prices online and charge almost double what is posted. A cheese steak is $6 online, $10 at the cashier.
Seriously my new default pizza place. Everything on the menu is awesome and delivery is fast and the drivers are friendly. 10/10 will be ordering again.
After trying multiple pizza places in the area we have found that Zesto's gives us the best and most consistent pizza. 

Food: 
We usually get the pizza (cheese or pepperoni), and it has always been hot and tasty. We have ordered the jalapeno poppers and cheesesteak before, but were not too impressed.  

Location: 
Right off of Ridge Avenue with parking out front and in the back. 

Customer Service: 
The people at the front counter are always friendly and attentive. 

Price: 
At roughly $14 for a large cheese pizza it is expensive, but the value of how good it tastes makes it worth it.
I love Zesto because you can order online and not talk to anyone. 

I usually get a panning which are nicely toasted and delicious. Pizza  is just ok. Nothing to right home about but lots of options for friend foods and sandwiches.
I wasn't impressed. We ordered a lot off the appetizer list and a Stromboli with spinach and jalapeños. It was honestly disgusting. It was like they poured the whole jar of pickled jalapeños in the Stromboli. It was soggy and almost inedible. We also ordered broccoli bites, mozzarella sticks, jalapeño poppers, and cheese fries. All of it very bland and greasy. The sauce that came with the broccoli bites and mozzarella sticks was cold and tasted like it was from a jar. It's a shame because I really thought a lot of their food looked appetizing. Probably won't ever try it again that's how disappointed I was
Fast, efficient, good quality. We eat a lot of keto-friendly foods...although we enjoy the pizza and Stromboli for a cheat, our favorite thing to get is a bowl of the grilled chicken for $6.99 customized with toppings like spinach, red peppers, bacon, mozzarella, broccoli, onions. It's an awesome deal and a large portion that always allows me to have a second meal. I also appreciate how quickly they deliver! I've never had a bad experience. Thanks Zesto!
Huge pizza slices with unique flavor combinations. Perfect for a quick meal to go! My favorite is still the classic maraghita. Can never pass it up when I'm in the area!
Ordered for delivery, the cheesesteak hoagie, turkey hoagie, cheez whiz fries and buffalo chicken pizza.  Everything was fresh and delicious!!  I'll be ordering again.
Zesto has become a solid delivery option for me. Usually pretty fast and the food is hot. Everything I have had from here has been good! 4 Star delivery spot that I will continue to get!
Our go-to neighborhood pizza place, whether it's pick up or delivery, Zesto's is always good. Obviously, this is a local shop - not claiming to be artisan Neopolitan pizza or whatnot. We usually stick with pizza when we order from here with the occasional sides and apps. 

I am a big fan of their cheese fries but ya gotta go whiz not mozz, and their appetizer sampler is a hefty one that comes with chicken fingers (which most places don't have). My roommate has testified that their cheesesteaks are not bad for a pizza place either. That's pretty much all you can ask for.

The delivery is always much faster than the estimated time on Grubhub, which anyone can truly appreciate when all they want is pizza to their doorstep. Or they even have a website that's very easy to use. As I'm writing this I'm thinking about how it's already been too long since I've had Zesto's.
I've been ordering from here for years and figured it's about time to give them a review. My go to for all delivery and take out needs. Always consistently good, quality ingredients, good sauce, and a crispy crust that isn't too thick. Prices are fair too. Definitely one of the best in the area- I've never been disappointed.
It's safe to say I am obsessed with Zesto's. Have been ordering here for years and it NEVER disappoints.  They're always consistent - HUGE salad portions which is amazing because you can share it or save it for another meal.  Their wraps are amazing, pizza is great - I could go on and on.

100% would recommend, and do to everyone who I meet that is new to the Manayunk or East Falls area.
Zestos literally has the best pizza ever! The crust is light and fluffy, the sauce has a kick to it, and they have a large variety of toppings. They are ver consistent with their product, i've never been disappointed. The prices are extremely reasonable and the staff is flexible and friendly. I've ordered 3 this week...i'm ashamed lol.
Zesto is a nice place for lunch or dinner takeout if you work or stay in the area. The food is delicious, affordable, and the quantity is insanely huge! Although sometimes their fried stuff (fried chicken fingers) can be a little greasy but overall it's not too bad! 

This place mostly caters to junk, fast food; so healthy eaters may not find it amusing.
Hands down favorite pizza in Roxborough. Zestos Meat pizza is the shit! They load it up and it's usually cooked to perfection. The pizza is a little on the pricey side but pizza seems to have gone up everywhere. They use top of the line ingredients and the sauce is very delicious. 

They have an online ordering system that apparently adds up points. We have ordered quite a few times and have gotten nothing back but maybe one day we'll be surprised with a free pizza or something  one can only hope. 

They have a little bit of an area to eat in if you're coming to dine in but I prefer delivery. They gave lunch specials and you can purchase pizza by the slice but it's not consistent from what I have noticed. 

My biggest complaint is they got rid of their Gyro I guess because of Yiro Yiro moving in but they don't even have just lamb they use a mix. Yiro Yiro SUCKS. Bring your gyro back PLEASE I'll order it weekly if that helps
I've been here a few times. I've never had an issue with the pizza I've always thought it was good. But I have tried ordering a quesadilla and a panini on two separate occasions and both were just disappointing. The chicken was quite chewy and hard in both the panini and the quesadilla. And I thought both were extremely lacking flavor. It's just disappointing because I really wanted to love it especially for the price.
Tasty but you can't pick up their pizza without is drooping. The pizza dough needs a little stiffness. And I like cheese but there is such thing of too much on a pizza when all you can taste is the cheese
I'm a fan. Pizza and wings were delivered hot and fresh. Pizza was delicious.

I appreciate the easy to order forms online - they really thought of everything. There is no need to call them.

I definitely plan to order delivery again!
Charging extra for using a credit card stinks.  Love the food, hate the new fees.  If I'm not mistaken, on  my last on line order, Zestos charged me a fee for prepaying with a credit card.  It' wasn't a prepayment penalty, but it was a penalty for using credit.  In this time of Covid, even as we begin to recover, most businesses eliminated fees for using credit.  Zestos, apparently, has gone in the opposite direction.  In protest I will no longer patronize Zestos until the fees for using credit are dropped.  I probably spent 50 bucks a month or more on average for take out from Zestos.  Hope they miss my patronage enough to drop the fees.
