I like pizza. Hell, who am I kidding - I have practically had love affairs with some really well executed pies throughout various times in my life. There was the spot on the corner down the block from where I used to live in NYC that made a pretty good slice. Cheap, too. And then after I moved to Brooklyn, there were too many yummy ones to count. But I'll hold them in my heart forever, even if I can't remember their names. Hopefully they'll remember me fondly, too.

But then I moved to Philly and a strange thing happened. My beloved pizza became harder to come by. Sure, you can pick up a piece practically any old place, but I'm a girl with some seriously high standards. Standards that don't include grease, paper thin crust or dirty back rooms. So that makes my pickins pretty slim around here.

But Zio's at least treats me like a lady. They seem to put some actual thought and care into the way they craft their delicacies, and when you take a bite you may actually swoon. Bold statement, yes, but it's true. If you're looking for "the one," then you might want to throw Zio's name into the hat. Sure, it's an unusual one, but you never know how the story's going to end, now do you? For me, it ended with a full belly and a piece of basil lodged in my back tooth. But this romance is long from over...
A few of my co-workers have been to this place for lunch so I thought about trying it out in the future. However, today as I was walking back to work from the gym, I passed by this place and an employee came out and saw me and proceeded to say something racially offensive to me out of the blue. I didn't even notice him until he said this to me. I was surprised so I said "excuse me?" and he refused to talk to me so I walked away.

Don't think I'll be coming here since I'd rather not be addressed by this employee. I try not to go to restaurants where staff say racist things to me for no reason.
Who doesn't love a nice greasy, cheesy pizza?  I do and you can get it by the slice if you are on the go.  If you are in the area and need to stop for  quick lunch or dinner come by Zio's and pick up a slice.  It will hold you over until your next meal or hit the spot.
Buyer Beware! As a vegetarian, I've ordered the Eggplant Parmesan here twice. The first time there was a chunk of chicken mixed in with the pasta. I blamed it on a busy Friday night and it accidentally making its way into my dish. Ate my eggplant and threw out the pasta. Last night, a slow Monday night, I ordered through Eat24 and in 2 different places put "No meat please!" in my order. I stopped by to pick up my food, and the cashier made a comment about there being "absolutely no meat" in my dish. It was suspicious to say the least. I get home to inspect and they actually put several layers of pancetta in the pasta. There's no way people are actually this childish, so I called to ask if they'd given me eggplant with pancetta accidentally. To which the woman and staff in the background burst out laughing and hung up on me. I'm not sure what else there is to say. I wasted another huge amount of food and do not have time to deal with such vile people. When I asked for a manager upon calling today, he said I was lying about the situation and again hung up. Save yourself some frustration and order elsewhere.
My buddy literally lives across the street so I have eaten many a fresh baked slice from here, many times in a fresh baked state. 
Zio is my center city pizza of choice because it reminds me of my favorite pie from home (Roma's). They do the fancy pizza angle, and of that buffalo chicken be my favorite. 
Big doughy pies are the standard at Z, which works superbly with my large appetite.  I will eat here before any other parlor in center city.
Yo Zio

I ate nothing for a week on the Master Cleanse. 

When I could have eaten at  Zio's and one hour later viewed the contents of my entire G.I. tract. 

Cheers to you, Zio, for this service to humanity.
No, those big puffs of fried dough with powdered sugar on them in the window don't taste any good. Keep walking...
Pretty basic made-to-order pizza. I wish the staff was a tad nicer and smiled at me when I was ordering. Unless they were tired or busy. But still. Customer service should make or break a customers loyalty. 

Prices are decent though and there's a decent amount of seating if you are there on a non-peak hour.
A million stars for Zio Pizza!

I was looking for something a little different for lunch and came across the Midtown Lunch Philly's article about Zio's rice balls. So i scooted over there on Tuesday and had one and a slice of pizza which was total overkill, the rice ball was more lunch than i can handle on it's own. I took half my rice ball home and tucked it in the fridge. Then on Wednesday, i ate another rice ball for lunch, went home, and had the half in the fridge for dinner. Yes. That good. 

The rice ball is a dreamy concoction. Ground seasoned meat and some veggies (like little bits of tomatoes) are wrapped in a thick layer of rice and some binding agent then fried till crispy golden on the outside. To serve, the lovely folks at Zio cut the ball into quarters and slather it with sauce and cheese then put it into the pizza oven until the whole thing is hot and melty. Yes!

And i have to mention the pizza! I have an ideal for by the slice pizza and Zio comes closest to it when compared to the other pizza shops in the area. NYPD and Milano simply do not hold a candle to the blistered, crispy crust and fresh, delicious toppings. Also, someone else mentioned that they heat your slices properly hot. I didnt realize how much i missed that until i went to Zio. You get a slice out of the oven that is too hot to bite into right away. The toppings are HOT all the way through, not tepid like i've gotten used to. And the crust gets extra crunchy. Really, it adds that extra something i've been missing for such a long time. 

The only thing i could mention that is negative at all is the sort of confusing setup. Counter is somehow counter-intuitive for me. There is a register in the middle and at the end and it would seem like you pay at the farthest end, but you place your order, receive it, and pay at the middle register. Also, the front of the store with the counter is pretty cramped. 

But, those things don't matter to me. I will be back early and often for rice ball lunch and tasty, hot slices.
Zios, you are the answer to my pizza prayers. Open Monday-Saturday until 8 pm, you satisfy my every pizza desire. Your top quality dough and robust sauce makes my knees weak at the very thought of tasting them. Zio's I have to ask you one question, Will you stay in my neighborhood and continue to rock my pizza world?
Exceptional value, exceptional speed, and overall high quality pizza. What else could you ask for in a $10 dinner? 

The pizza comes out hot and fresh. Absolutely delicious! The restaurant is clean, and the staff is very friendly. They make sure that we are in and out quickly... all while ensuring our satisfaction. 

If you are looking for a speedy & yummy dinner, Zio's is the place for you!!
I've been a customer since 2003 and I have to say that I've been very disappointed the past 2 times I went there. 2 Sundays ago I ordered a cheeseburger platter, when I arrived at my job to eat it. I took a bit and the burger was completely raw and bloody. I didn't  take it back because my lunch time was over. Today I ordered some bacon cheese fries and a garlic knot. For the price, the portions were very small and the bacon looked like they took one slice and cut it 4 times. Their price have gone up and their quality has gone down. I'm sad to say that I will not be returning to Zio's pizza ever again.
This place was awesome! We ordered their regular plain pizza and it came pipping hot ( in the snow) and it tasted so good. My husband and I finished the whole pizza together ( we normally only eat a couple slices together) 
Definitely will order next time I'm in town.
The ravioli pizza is an indulgence my body can only handle about once a month. The ravioli is big, fluffy, and stuffed with ricotta cheese - which would be fine on it's own but on top of yummy, doughy, cheesey pizza - it's just all too much. It's usually served with a pink sauce, but it's all too much cream to withstand in one sitting so I always ask for plain tomato sauce on mine. Delish!
I ordered delivery and when the pizza arrived it looked and smelled amazing. As I began digging in, I realized there was not just 1 hair, but a chunk of hairs in my pizza. If I hadn't been picking out the large pieces of garlic I probably would have eaten it. Yuck!
Only reason I can't give all five stars is because I need to eat more here!  I really liked the fact that they keep their plain pizza crust thin and their spinach and tomato pizza is reallly good (just needs a little tiny of sauce for my liking).  But yes, highly recommended for a good slice :)
I went here on a not too busy Wednesday afternoon. The pizzas all looked pretty good in the front counter. I ended up picking a pepperoni and a stromboli like pizza slice with pepperoni and sausage in it.  The pepperoni slice was pretty greasy and the cheese was not that great. The stromboli slice with pepperoni and sausage was also greasy, without a lot of flavor.  I kind of wonder whether I came on a bad day after reading all of the very positive reviews. Maybe I'll go back and give it another try.
Zio's can get very chaotic and crowded but the "Grandmom" pizza is terrific.  Sicilian is a bit thicker and cheesier - my 9 year old gets that.  Traditional cheese-steaks and a few goodies like rice balls and zeppoli keep us coming back.

No problems here - just good, reasonably priced pizza and sandwiches.
Big slices, yes, but let's not pretend they don't recoup that in their prices.  Certainly not the best pizza I have ever had, nor the worst.  Typical selection of toppings and supporting menu items.  Therefore, I am very confused reading the five star reviews.  Zio's is your average pizza place in a city that only has average pizza - I can say that being born and raised here in Philadelphia.  Three star, maybe four star on a good day, fits the bill.
I really like the pizza from Zio. That is why I called there last night to get a pie delivered to my apartment. So far everything makes sense, right?

ok. So, 6:24pm on a Monday night. Boyfriend calls. I hear him say Large Cheese Pie, our address and our phone number. He didn't recite our number or address wrong.

They say, ok great 30 minutes. So, I started playing with the cat because he likes pizza and grabs my slices and tries to walk away with them when I'm not looking. I wanted to tire him out so he didn't have the energy to pizza-burgle. I look at the clock and -holy crap- I've been playing with the cat for almost an hour!

So, I say "hey, boyfriend, it's 7:00pm did the pizza people call?" he says no.

At 8:30 I gave up and ate some pretzels. I had already filled up on pizza-anticipation-soda anyways. So - I called and ordered and pizza and it never came. I've lived in Philly for 11 years and that has NEVER happened to me. I didn't even get a phone call. Should I have called to "remind" them? Maybe. I didn't feel like begging for my pizza at 8:30 at night, though. 

This is a shame. Maybe it was a fluke? If it was my pizza joint I'd be pissed that that's how it's being run, though.
Me and my room mates just ordered a calzone and fried dough balls and we couldn't have been more disappointed! The calzone was burnt and had little to no cheese in it. Not worth the price we paid. The fried dough was soggy cold and unbearable to even finish. Along with all of that the people who work there are so incredibly rude!
i've only been here once and i just popped in and out for a quick slice on my lunch break, so maybe i'll update this when i have a better chance to evaluate more about them, but i'd just like the Yelp community to know that they have lots of different kinds of pizza available by the slice. i hate when all i can get is plain or pepperoni and all the good kinds you have to order an entire pie. i got broccoli ricotta and tomato on my break, and there were so many other options (lots of vegetarian stuff, i hate when pizza places are like a meat kingdom).
Yummy!  I was walking around center city trying to decide what I really wanted to eat for lunch the other day.  I wandered in the direction of Zio's and found it pretty easily on 13th street - partly by luck and the rest by accident.  I remember reading some reviews for Zio's on yelp and decided it was worth a shot.  I was impressed, there was quite the selection of pizzas available at the moment.  I ended up getting a slice of potato, egg and bacon - it sounded interesting and worth a try... as well as a slice of pepperoni and sausage.  The total came up to under $6.50 and they put the pizza on some paper plates and put it in a bag for me to carry back to the hotel.  I devoured the potato, egg and bacon one, but was feeling pretty full and ended up saving the pepperoni and sausage slice in the hotel mini-fridge for breakfast the next morning.

The pizza was really good: the crust was a perfect crusty and chewiness.  There wasn't too much cheese or too much sauce... I must say, I was very happy with my decision of going to Zio's.  I would love to go back and try some of their other combinations of toppings, but I guess I'll have to wait until the next time I'll be in Philly.
this place is pretty overpriced for the quality of the pizza. it's good, but i've had better for cheaper. there's good amount of seating though which is good if you just want to grab a quick slice and a seat
Decided to give Zio another try after a long hiatus. Ordered on Eat24 - shortly thereafter, I received a call saying they were 2 hours behind and if we wanted our order, it would be delivered freezing. Lastly, they stated that with the cancellation, we should be refunded, but they weren't sure ...

Not exactly promising. Only reason it's not 1 star is because this is solely on the experience with the person giving us the call. Certainly could have been more professional.
Okay, maybe it was the beer. No, it was not the beer. Four beers give me a buzz, but not pizza goggles.

The night started out at a bar with a Brooklyn theme, and by chance I ended up at a pizza joint that reminded me of Brooklyn pizza.

I'm from Brooklyn, so this is no loose use of Brooklyn pizza. And no, I am not suggesting this compares to the best of NYC. I'm saying this is just as good as a decent pizza joint in NYC, and that is saying a lot for Philly pizza.

No offense, but Philly is known for their pretzels and cheese steaks, not pizza. But I will be dammed, I stumbled upon a real gem. Hands down, best pizza I have had in the eight months I have lived in Philly.
This was a terrible experience. I placed an order for delivery and was quoted a 20 minute wait time, my food showed up an hour and fifteen minutes later, cold, and partly missing. 

I called the restaurant to complain and the woman who answered the phone was rude and combative before the first sentence left my mouth. I would have settled for a re-delivery, even though I was pissed, but instead demanded a refund. 

She said "I can't deal with this," before passing the phone to a guy who told me to call Seamless, which is the service I placed the order through. 

In short, the food was terrible, but the customer service was even worse. Avoid at all costs.
Not being from the area, it's been a challenge to find places we really like. After a long day at a conference, we were wanting delivery. The hotel receptionist gave us a Zio flyer. We called, but they were about to close in 5 minutes. The owner graciously offered to make and deliver us food, despite it being after hours. We ordered a sausage and pepperoni pizza and cheese sticks. The food was great and delivered very quickly. We would happily order again!
So - here's the process at Zio's:  1) Tell one of the pizza making guys your order and they will put it in the oven to heat. 2) Step to the side and repeat your order to the checkout person 2 feet away from the pizza making guy. 3) Pay for your order. 4) Hope they don't screw it up. 

Here's what's so great about this process. You, as a customer work twice as hard to ensure you address Zio's staff communication deficits. You, as the customer pay double what the product is actually worth. For example, a plain slice worth about $1.50 will cost you well over 3 bucks. I guess because they throw it on hot bricks, convincing you it's "better". 

The "Soup Nazi" demanded a process for a stellar product, making it worth the wait and worth enduring the process. Zio's ain't worth either.
Do mine eyes and mouth deceive me?  Am I really experiencing it?  An ACTUAL pizza in the city of Philadelphia?  Not the best, but a shining star among the garbage around most of the city.

I looked on Yelp for a good long time trying to find those with similar tastes in pizza and came upon Zio's.  As such, I took a drive over.  Unpleasant was the endless searching for a parking spot which ultimately resulted in a ticket.   WHY WOULD A LOADING ZONE DURING THE DAY BE A BUS STOP AT NIGHT?  I don't even think there's a route down that part of Sansom!?  Go screw PPA (and potentially SEPTA).  Also, when standing and signing my receipt, a toddler walked into my shins.

Anyway, this is a winner.  The consistency is right, the ingredients fresh, the taste wholly welcome compared to the pie from Celebre I had recently.
Without a doubt, the best pizza in Philadelphia!!!!!!!!!
Only draw back are their wonky hours,
closes at 8pm and closed completely on Sundays, Craziness!
Also, while their "brother" location, J & J's is good, dont be fooled, its not the same!!!
The best pizza I've had so far & they're reasonably priced. If you happen to stop buy, try out the spinach knot! It's full of cheesy spinach goodness.
Not bad pizza but poor customer service.  They were disorganized and didn't make some of our order until we asked about it.  I guess we should expect that from a hole in the wall pizza place.
Rude driver, cold pizza, melted milkshake, warm soda, hour and 17 minute delivery. Never again.
Pizza is absolutely delicious!  We order pepperoni mushroom and onion and its always fantastic!  When we feel like pizza we always order from here. Grub hub always gives an estimate and it always arrives early!  YUMMMMMMM!  My hubby grew up in Philly and he loves this pizza!
I placed an order with them and was told it was going to arrive by specific time. I was even told through the online app that the order was on its way. When it didn't arrive by the scheduled time, I waited a bit longer as to not be impatient and then finally called. Someone picked up the phone and when I tried to start explaining, she immediately said "we're closed." And hung up on me. I had to call back to get someone to talk to me. When I asked where my food was I was told "oops it never went in and we are closed now". I have never written a review, let alone a negative one, but this experience was absurd. Also the rude answering of the phone and being hung up on when THEY were the ones who screwed up was the icing on the cake.
There is a weird thing about most of the pizza shops in Philadelphia.  Most of them have this aweful crust that retains all the grease which are topped by canned ingredients.

Zio's is a great shop tucked away  in Center City.  They use mostly fresh ingredients that compliment a great selection of pizzas.  Best thing I can recommend is the Zio's Special Pizza.  Fresh mozzarella, spinach, filetto pomidoro,  olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  mmMMm.

Everyone I've introduced or talked about with this place enjoyed.  I think you will too unless you are a hardcore regional pizza fan.
I've been in Philly only about a year and a half, living in Fishtown, after moving down here from Jersey City and Hoboken. I just started working in center city, and had Zio's for lunch the other day. I thought it was the best pizza I've had in Philly so far. Very good NY style pizza, they make a grandma pie which was as good as I got it in the NY area. Would definitely recommend.
Yo Zio, your pizza's BANGIN'. I lived a block away from here for a year and ate here frequently. The staff is friendly, the dining room is clean (it's also a shrine to futbol), there are always plenty of CP and PWs available so you have somethin to read while you munch. the plain slices are huge and awesome. do it up.
Pizza in Philadelphia that doesn't taste like cardboard?! Thank god!! Zios can make a good pie for sure!! Some other items on the menu aren't as good as id hope but it's quick and easy to stop in here !
Zio's is a good option for the workweek, but it isn't the best I've had. Their slices are admittedly huge, but the dough is really thick. I prefer a thinner and crispier crust like the place in my neighborhood but I can't complain when this is where my office orders from. I usually just cut off the crust and throw it under the broiler for a few minutes to crisp it up.

The place itself is very clean and they always have a good selection. I like their veggie pizza a lot and although heavy, tastes very fresh.

I have also tried their Greek Salad and it is decent. Pretty standard iceberg/tomato/olives but they pack on these big chunks of feta cheese and its delicious.
Yes! How have I not written a review on Zio's! They get such a bad wrap but I honestly think they're great. I'm upset I don't work closer to it. They have the most delicious and crunchy margherita pizza. The sauce is so tasty! I've ordered their sandwiches with cheese fries and they've also been great. The staff is so nice! They always remember what my favorites are! There is a lot of seating in this place too which is nice for a quick little getaway. Lunch time it gets really busy! So fair warning!
My first New York-style pizza since moving back to Philadelphia. Pleasantly surprised. I had a slice of plain pizza for lunch, and my verdict is, not New York by a long shot, but it'll do. The crust is probably the least appealing part, but the cheese and sauce were pretty flavorful, and the slices are very generously sized - I threw a little spinach salad over it as a topping medley, and that was pretty adequate as a meal - under normal circumstances. After a night of partying, I would want two slices, for sure. Maybe three. I'd probably not notice the superfluous thickness to the crust so much then either...OK, note to self, come back here when properly wasted for real pizza love in Philly.
Outside of NYC, I always struggle to find great pizza. Having been in Philadelphia for about a year and being disappointed time and again, I finally stumbled upon this little gem. 

Zio's is pretty damn good pizza. And while their menu consist of just about everything, I can't get myself to order anything but the pizza. I'm sold!
I've been a very loyal customer of this shop. Spending on average $40 per week over the years. I would routinely substitute peppers or onions for tomatoes on my salad. Almost automatic routine until the new manager. She said that this switch was not possibe and I could get other veggies as ADD ONS and charged accordingly. I complained 1st time and she accomodated me with obvious discomfort. Tonight, same experience by a new staff person manager trained and now I explicitly expressed my frustration.
The manager should know service always wins or loses over food. So why lose an established customer for literally cents???
I can't say because I'm not in her shoes.
But I can say they lost a customer.
I've been going to Zio's for about 10 years (before the nice renovation they have today). The pizza is alright, not bad not great. They have a wide variety. I'd put the stuffed pepperoni/sausage at the top of the totem pole. I'm a fan of their pepperoni rolls through. They're a bit pricy (like everything in Zio's), but they're just SO good. Nice and crispy! A steak is a sure winner. It's standard size, but it's REALLY fresh. 

Fries are awesome. Order the Rossana Fries (w/ bacon, cheez wiz, mozzarella, and ranch dressing... I like mine no wiz) I have to tell them to make the Rossana Fries crispy though, otherwise the come out a bit mushy. 

I did take a break from Zio's to go to competing stores almost in the exact same spots, but just 1 and 2 blocks over respectively. The one on 11th street is out of business. At the place on 12th they have bad attitudes (runs in the family there). So I made Zio's my home again for center city pizza/steak/etc. I think the ambiance is what brings me back. The bathroom is decent and there's a cool view of a private adjoining fresco bar/lounge. Check it out!
Pizza was good and the delivery service was fast. I will definitely order again if I'm downtown.
Zio's is good for a cheap thrill. Two large slices are about $5. So if you are short on cash in Center City you can't go wrong. The staff is always friendly, they take my order quickly, along with the cash. You don't have to wait around forever to get your food, things move along quickly, which can be good if you are in a rush for lunch. The pizza is not too shabby. Not bad but not spectacular, definitely a little on the greasy side, but a solid cheap lunch.

FYI: Credit Card minimums are $10; You can sit inside if you prefer; You can find copies of the City Paper and Philadelphia Weekly here; There is an ATM.
Great food and very reasonable prices. We only order out but they pay attention to all of the directions and comments we make. Delivery is always below an hour. Go-to place for wings and pizza.
This place isn't awful, but they don't heat the slices up long enough and it's a bit pricey for what you get ($3.50 + tax for a slice). I'm also not a big fan of the fact that nearly 1/2 the offerings feature buffalo or BBQ chicken. Seriously, who orders that stuff? In short, it's certainly not worth seeking out if you don't live or work in the neighborhood.
I feel it is my duty to inform the people of Philadelphia about the cheese pretzel dogs at Zios.  They are outta sight and super delicious.  I think it may be a while until I get to enjoy one since all of my clothes are too small at the moment from holiday overload.  

But I look forward to my next encounter with you oh delicious pretzel dog.  (Who am I kidding, I forgot to bring my lunch today...)
My mouth and eyes really liked this pizza; they were all like "we're ready to eat some pizza - we got this" and it was delicious.

My stomach and the rest of gi track really hated this pizza, like a lot....A LOT

It's really up to you and which body parts you want to make happy. As for me, I will not be putting myself through that again.
While staying downtown, I wanted something quick and easy.  For a smaller location, they have a huge menu!  I was greeted and offered a printed menu to look over.  I couldn't make a decision and their employee, Giovanni, helped me go over my options.  He was so nice and took his time answering my questions.  I ordered a margarita pizza slice and Mediterranean salad.  They packaged it up amazingly for take out.  The food was pretty good.  Service was excellent!
I ordered a fish hoagie online and prepaid so all I had to do was get my food that was ready and leave right??  WRONG!  Once I laid my eyes on the BBQ chicken pizza with peppers and onions, I couldn't resist.  Pizza is my favorite food and I was very pleased.  I actually like the pizza better than the fish hoagie.  The fish hoagie was a "mini" but still a good size
Ordered a cheesesteak from here for lunch today and the meat was slightly pink still and flavorless. I've had slices from here and they were good, so I'll still eat their pizza. Cheeseteaks- NO! Don't do it.
The buffalo chicken stromboli wasn't anything special...I think some of the chicken wasn't entirely cooked. It was edible but the fries I got with it were not even done. Like soggy. Maybe because it was part of a big order but still, expected better.
Zio's! The Cheesesteak Royal with extra sweet & hot peppers on the side is one the best cheesesteaks In town. Love their pizza, (plain, light on the cheese with basil), and the Sicilian salad, yum. Consistently great!
Some of the best pizza I've had in the city. Really good arancini also. More like NY style pizza and it's just really great options. Wish they were open later!
We were in the city with friends checking out the Christmas attractions and wanted a quick bite to eat about 5 pm. We walked around looking at our options only to find out every place we looked at was packed with long wait times. Onward we went and stumbled upon Zio's Brick Oven Pizzeria. A sit down and quick bite of pizza slices for us. Food was good and the service was quick. What's not to like?
Stopped in a couple hours before the Eagle's Parade (2/8/18).

I'm sure they usually aren't open that early on Sunday mornings but they accommodated the mad crowds.  

The service was fantastic and the food was delicious.  So?  Pizza, fries and cheese steaks for breakfast?!  That's how we roll in Philly!  

Geno's and Pat's are for tourists.
Best pizza in philly. Make sure you try a stuffed slice, and if you're having people over, I would deff recommend to spend a few extra dollars for the entire stuffed pizza. It can easily feed 8-10 people since many people can only finish 1 piece. Thanks Zio!
I ordered delivery and it definitely fell in the ground with no apology. Not worth it
Really good pizza (for Philly) and the rice ball's (when they have them) are LEGIT! Ask for extra tomato sauce.
I had the barbecue chicken cheesesteak and it was delicious! A huge sandwich and good service! I really enjoyed my experience
On a lazy weekend, the GF and I decided to order in from a new pizzeria. So we decided to try  Zio's Pizzeria on 13th Street, not the one on 9th Street, which I believe is different. So, we hopped on Seamless and decided to get it delivered, at no charge!

Unfortunately, the order came thirty minutes late, though granted - the weather was terrible. So we can't fault the driver for that. This resulted in our food being lukewarm, and frankly a bit soggy.

Grandma's Pizza Sicilian ($20)
Fresh mozzarella, sauce, basil, extra virgin olive oil, grated cheese

I was hoping for something along the lines of Coscarino's in NYC. That place knows how to do a proper Queens, NY grandma sicilian. Unfortunately, the quality of the ingredients was just not up to par. The soggy bottom crust and pasty marinara was also unfortunate. However, this was a change of pace from a regular pizza pie.

Panzarotti ($4.95)

Best described as a mini calzone, this was advertised as "deep fried, crispy, and golden brown." Unfortunately, only the latter description was accurate. This was a soggy mess that did not maintain its crispiness. In fact, I could barely make out that this was fried. The inner melted mozzarella and tomato sauce were pretty standard. Should've went with a calzone ...

Wing Zings ($5.95)

Aching for Pandora's "wing dings," I chose these - particularly because I was interested in what exactly a wing zing was. Pretty similar to just a small juicy chicken wing, these were well seasoned. However, when compared with Pandora's dings - they zings were simply not crispy enough for my taste. Mainly because the batter was a bit limp.

Onion Rings ($2)

These onion rings were cheap, crispy, but most certainly frozen. Perfectly uniform, these were a bit bland, though well fried.

Overall, Zio's Pizza brought a big meh from these lips. I expected more from a $20 sicilian and the fact that I was thinking of other restaurants speaks volumes.
this pizza is rlly good and they gave me ranch for free 10/10 great experience love you guys
Had lunch here today with co-workers. The food was just ok. We tried a panini sandwich, pizza, meatballs, and a chicken wrap. Server was nice. Food took a long time and came out not all together. Good for a cheaper bite to eat maybe with kids.
I guess I wasn't a fan of cheesesteaks because I hadn't eaten a good one until now. To me, they tasted like over-cooked teriyaki style meat, with liquid cheese. Don't get me wrong, I like liquid cheese but not in a cheesesteak. 

ATMOSPHERE:
Typical city setting; long and narrow shop with simple decor and a TV on the wall. 

FOOD:
Cheesesteak - Got mine topped with grilled onions & mushrooms, lettuce, and real cheese (provolone.) It was really good and really big, but I ate the whole thing, being the pig that I am. The meat was tender and flavorful, and the roll was soft & fresh. Ordered a side of crinkle cut fries with salt & pepper. 

SERVICE:
You order & pay at your window and the food is supposed to be delivered to you, but my sister-in-law went up to get the food. The guy taking the orders, not sure if he's the owner, was great. At first glance I didn't think he'd be that patient & friendly, but he was. Don't judge a book by its cover!

OVERALL:
I know the rivalry is between Gino's and Pat's, but my partner who is a Philly native likes this place way more. And that I'll stand by!
This was our first meal moving to Philadelphia, and was completely unimpressive.  I originally planned to go to Paolo's, since it was significantly closer, and we were still moving things out of the truck with two little babies wandering around.  Paolo's was closed for renovations, so I looked to Yelp for the next best choices... Bingo!  Zio's it is.

We got a mushroom & pepperoni pie, and opened it up, still hot, surrounded by moving boxes.  Unfortunately, even our desperate hunger couldn't make this any better than "Eh...ok".  Bland, greasy, bready crust, industrial cheese-like-food...  The best that can be said for it was that it was filling, and relatively fast.  Think standard shopping-centre fare, or marginally better than chain-restaurants.

Nothing horrible about it, but certainly not good, and not worth splurging on the calories.  If I'm going to eat pizza instead of something healthier, I damn well want it to taste better than this.
Good pizza is hard to find in philly and this is not the place, very very avg.  Only if you are very hungry and need fuel to exist.
I ordered pizza thinking that the name brick oven pizza meant a thin crust. I couldn't have been more wrong. not only is it not thin crust, its thicker than your normal hand tossed. keep that in mind before ordering. As for the taste, it wasn't bad, nothing to smack yo" momma about.
The best part about living where I live is that Zios is around the corner. I always have them deliver to me because I'm super lazy but the food is always amazing! When I do come in, the service is awesome and the food is quick too. Love this place.
Love this pizzeria! Cool interior, delicious pies & there's a flat screen. Can't beat that combo. Nobody bothers you as you eat your slice. I've walked past here dozens of times but once I went in, I can't pass by without getting a slice of spinach.
I'm from North Jersey originally and have been missing pizza and bagels for months. This place came recommended to me and it did not disappoint. I got the penne vodka pizza, wow. Other people got pasta dishes that came with salads, highly recommended.
I walk to this spot for lunch sometimes and its close to a mile away from my office. That being said, the walk is worth it. They have a great variety of slices. I've had a few different slices but I'm pretty basic. The wildest I've gone for is the mac n cheese w broccoli slice which was pretty good. The price is fair and the service is remotely efficient. I would recommend if you're in the area and in the mood for a quick slice.
Great calzone, quick and friendly service! This cost $16 and change but 2 ppl could have shared it. Very delicious.
Where to start?  First, after reading the positive reviews on Yelp we decided to order the mozzarella sticks.  All I can say is, UGH.  The mozzarella sticks we got CLEARLY came out of a box from the freezer. They were congealed cheese that wasn't even hot enough to be stringy.  They arrived warm, which was more than I can say for the pizza we ordered (more on that in a moment), but the positive attributes of these mozzarella sticks end there.

Now on to the pizza.  We decided to go for the classic Margarita pizza since my friend is a vegetarian and I wasn't a fan of some of the toppings listed on the veggie pizza.  I don't know what others expect when they order a Margarita pizza, but I expect a good amount of fresh mozzarella, fresh basil and slices of tomato.  What we got was a mostly sauce pie, with some small slices of mozzarella that only covered about 1/2 the sauce, and a barely visible sprinkling of dried basil and oregano.  While I accept some blame for not having read the menu more closely, I have to say that when a restaurant uses a well known name for a classic dish you expect to get what the name means.  While this was a serviceable mozzarella pizza, it WAS NOT a margarita pizza.  And to add insult to injury the pie arrived barely warm even though the pizza joint was less than 2 blocks from the apartment. If I wanted to microwave my pizza I would've bought a lean cuisine.

The sauce was delicious, something that usually makes or breaks a pizza for me, and the crust was good, but I those are the only good things I can say about my Zio's experience.
It's on a nondescript street which has nothing going for it.  But, come in for a slice.  It's so good, it's just absurd.
Just your run in the mill pizza place.  Great to grab a quick lunch during your lunch break.  Really good buffalo chicken pizza.   Big slices!  Delivery good be a little better sometimes you have to call several times to get through then delivery could run over an hour.  But all in all, good, decent, cheap!
Solid pizza joint - pies made fresh to order. Excellent cheese and crust that was crispy, yet "foldable". Could have used some more tomato sauce. Ask for the pizza well done. 

Garlic rolls were bland, but pasta dishes looked excellent.

Tough to get a seat when it's busy. Service was nice.

If I lived in Philly, I'd be back.
This place is great for a quick slice (or two). They have friendly staff and every time I've went I've been able to get a seat. Nice crust, great sauce, and always a veggie option. I've indulged in the fried dough balls twice and they're great too- like a ball of funnel cake. The ambiance is not fancy like the places across the street, but is just what you want when you're local.
Stopped in here after work on a recent trip to Philly. I had seen the reviews here and thought it would be a good place to grab a late bite and I was  glad I did. Zio is a little joint that serves a good slice of pizza! Friendly service, despite the fact they were juggling phones on a busy Friday night, and reasonable prices makes this a place I will visit again.
Tried the fried chicken hoagie and the Philly cheese steaks - good food for a casual ambience in center city! Excellent prices and good portion sizes. Would go back, especially to try the pizza as it smelled delicious!
Food is amazing every time. Huge portions and delicious food. A lot of variety on the menu. Highly recommend for sandwiches pasta Italian favorites like chicken parm etc. every entree meal comes with bread and a salad. Quick delivery everyone is nice.
I stopped in at Zio's while walking back to my hotel near the convention center.  It's a small pizzeria right on 13th St in downtown Philly.  There's a limited number of tables to eat in if you'd like.  They also offer to go orders and delivery.  Great decor, friendly staff, great service!  

I ended up ordering (to go) a slice of Mushroom Sicilian (yum!  So cheesy with a nice doughy crust!), a garlic knot (pretty standard), and a Fried Dough Ball for dessert (seriously....get this now...so dense but doughy and covered in powdered sugar....delicious!!).  

If you're in the area and need some pizza fast, check out Zio's!
Zoo's delivers in more ways than one! Fresh ingredients in the salad, great pizza quality and of course, my favorite, well-topped mega fries for a reasonable price. This place has two Philly locations and they both have been of good quality and quick delivery in my experiences. Loved the meatball za.
Super friendly. 
Food was good. 
Had the mushroom pizza which was great. Hence the rating. 
Turkey burger. Wouldn't recommend. 
Cannoli. Was ok.
I was excited to taste the philly cheese steak until I noticed the two men that was preparing my food was not wearing gloves at all. I ask the cashier if that was normal for them not to use gloves and she said yes. But she said she could have them put gloves on to prepare my food. The man put on gloves but the second guy didn't. I didn't complain I took my food but I will not be eating it!
Amazing BBQ chicken pizza!! This is the best pizza in Philly....generous with the toppings, large size! Prompt delivery. I highly recommend this place...no complaints whatsoever!
Let me tell you about Zio's PENNE VODKA PIZZA. Yes. They put penne vodka ON A PIZZA. And it's everything it sounds like it would be. Their vodka sauce is so simple but I literally order a 16oz side container of it because it's that good. I've eaten it like soup... Ok I'll stop. But literally that... on an abundance of perfectly tender penne pasta... ON an already exceptional plain pizza. Oh, and if you're not a monster like me, they'll also do it on only half the pizza. They'll also just put extra vodka sauce right on top. But just get the whole pizza and buy the whole container of extra sauce too! You will NEVER regret it...
Great little place to pop in and get a good lunch. They have a great selection of pizzas and sandwiches. Fresh Phillies and brick oven pizza. Friendly people and clean establishment.
This will always be my favorite Gayborhood Pizza. Such an OG spot that always hits it. The fried Stromboli is fire. And their pizza is always crispy. Never change Zios
Every time I come to Zio's I get a cheese pizza and fries... while that may seem boring it is THE BEST pizza I've encountered in my 5 years in Philly (granted you enjoy a good New York style pizza like myself). They have also remodeled recently and I think it looks great! Definitely a nice casual place to grab a slice downtown.
Best cheesesteaks by a long shot. 

Pizza is all gourmet & creative. Family friendly. Family owned. 

NY style pizza in Philadelphia. Can't find this stuff anywhere
This place is my go to delivery spot for grandma pie. The sauce is very tasty and the crust is just right. I also enjoy their cannolis.
I was feeling lazy one night and really craved some Italian food. So, I ordered in some takeout from Zio's, crossing my fingers and hoping for the best. I ordered some mozzarella sticks and a penne alla vodka with sausages. 

To my surprise, the food arrived pretty early relative to the estimated delivery time, and the guy came up to my floor (I live in an apartment complex). Also to my delight, the quantity of food was pretty large, and I definitely felt like I was getting my money's worth. Eating half the meal left me full, giving me another day's worth of food from the leftovers. 

Quality-wise, the food was pretty good. It's not a sit-down Italian restaurant or anything, but the penne wasn't too salt and tasted above average. The mozzarella sticks could have been a bit softer, but still pretty yummy. 

Definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants some quick Italian delivery. It's a great little gem, with no delivery fee, that gets the job done!
