I believe this place is as serious about pizza as I am!  All of the pizzas (yes, plural) I had here had the perfect combination/amount of toppings and THE perfectly light crust. Among them, my favorites were &pizza's versions of a mushroom pizza (which I would usually order) and a Hawaiian pizza (which I would actually usually avoid). Every bite of the mushroom pizza (Moonstruck) was full of mushrooms and truffle essence, grilled onion, and a goat cheese/fig balsamic finish. The Hawaiian pizza (Pineapple Jack) was also absolutely delectable, as it had fresh (not canned) pineapple, freshly pickled onion, and a punchy "cherry bomb barbecue" finish.

 ... Yeah, I would absolutely come back.
*&Pizza and CerealMilk Collab Review*

Soooo the other day i tried the soda created by &pizza and CerealMilk. Boi....this had to be the most interesting flavor I've had in a long time in a GREAT way. I had only tried the fig soda at &pizza and swore i would never find another fave....til now. 

The strong taste of vanilla cream  in the soda paired so nicely with the farmers daughter pizza i had since it has a little spicy kick to it. 

All i could wish was i had some vanilla bourbon to slip into my soda but we don't encourage drinking in our yelp reviews. 
Stay in school, kids.

Anyway I enjoyed the soda collab!
What's not to love about "And Pizza"? the perfect combination of fresh non-GMO produce, non-MSG ingredients, ooey-gooey cheese melted over fresh and organic oven-baked dough? More pizza, please.

After tasting five organic oven-baked dough pizzas, plus one dessert pizza, currently I'm obsessed with &pizza. And (fair warning) you're about to be, too.

1. Moonstruck: Delicious. Im so in love with the Moonstruck, and it will steal a pizza your heart, too.
2. Maverick: Created to please the meat lover. Salami, pepperoni, Italian sausage on a pizza. Not my type of pizza but it was a table winner.
3. Pineapple Jack: Very tempting. 
4. THE OG: Classic and healthier pizza. Yeah.
5. GNARLIC: The ultimate pizza. So what's stopping you?
6. Lori Lane 'dessert pizza': The whole table agreed it was out of this world.

Facts:
- And Pizza stay open till 3am on Fridays and Saturdays, to satisfy those late-night hungers.
- Amazing pizzas at a mere 800 calories per pizza ( Lori Lane 1060).
- At And Pizza, if you use you imagination while creating your own pizza, the possibilities are endless. 
- All pizzas are $9.49


Get pizza the right way -- Get And Pizza.
Four and Half Yelps.
Not much to say. Pizza was dry, bad and flavorless! Service didn't help either. I ordered a create my own vegan pizza with garlic knots and they only gave me the garlic knots. It's partial my fault. I just assumed they put everything in one box lol. I went home to discover they forgot the pizza. The cashier was apologetic however it still sucked! I was mad that I even went back for that nasty pizza that they could've kept! Smh
Pizza in Philly is one of those fantastic things that have managed to get better and better over the years. But still after all of these miraculous and delicious pies and slices, I can't help but marvel over those spots that serve a near perfect pie as quickly as possible.And when it comes down to it, &Pizza might be the spot that does it best!

&Pizza first had me hooked with its majestic use of the ampersand!  It was also pretty easy to marvel over the huge interior and awesome bike mural within. But I also savored the prospect of delicious iced teas and pies that utilized ingredients like bacon and shrimp served extra quick! Especially once you look at the heart of the matter and see that they utilize organic dough, ingredients that are free of MSG and high fructose corn syrup, and utilize ingredients that are fresh and locally sourced as often as possible!

Before ordering pizza I'm always wowed by the selection of jarred iced teas that contain flavors like spiced Thai and lemongrass white peach. &pizza is one of those fast casual spots where its pretty easy to go rapid fire with ingredients and create the pizza of your ultimate dreams (or nightmares). But the signature pies are pretty extraordinary when you factor in options like  the mushroom, goat cheese, and fig balsamic topped Moonstruck; or the chocolate/hazelnut peanut butter, bacon, and banana topped homage to Elvis. The Maverick is an absolute must for meat lovers since its loaded with Italian sausage, salami, and pepperoni. But the best might just be the Farmer's Daughter with egg, Italian sausage, and hot sauce!
OMG, & PIZZA! Where do I start with you?!

This place has become my pizza go to in the Philly. I love that they offer the classic, unique speciality pizzas, or even allow you to choose toppings to build your own. What's even better is that they have traditional, ancient grains, and gluten free dough. YES, I'm all about whole grain and it's so difficult to find pizza spots that offer that.

I originally tried both the Moonstruck and Gnarlic. The Moonstruck had a sweet kick to it as the ricotta, mushrooms, onions, and garlic toppings were drizzled with a sweet fig balsamic. It was also sprinkled with a sufficient amount of goat cheese making it very flavorful! The Gnarlic was similar to a white pie in that it was loaded with cheesy goodness (ricotta, parmesan, AND mozzarella), but the pesto gave it a nice and unique touch!

Both pizzas were amazing. I honestly can't choose which I like better (which probably explains why I got the same two my second time there). 

Just when I thought I had found my two favorite pizzas at this joint, my sister obtained a free Pizza Party and got to bring guests along to try more combinations. When I was invited to join, I blocked off my afternoon to make time for it. Yup, I was THAT excited. 

At the Pizza Party event, in addition to the Moonstruck and Gnarlic that I had already developed a love for, I got to try the OG (classic), Pineapple Jack (salami, pineapple, and BBQ), Farmer's Market (breakfast pizza), and the Maverick (meat lovers, only!). They were all delicious! I still think the Moonstruck and Gnarlic are two of my favorites, but I'm adding a new one to the rotation: Farmer's Market! This breakfast pizza was incredible - spicy with a definite kick from the Italian sausage and hot sauce. Loved it!

What really makes me seal the deal about this place is that they have awesome prices. Any pizza, regardless of whether you're choosing one off the menu or building your own, is $9.49! I repeat, $9.49! I have found that a single pizza can serve 1-2 people. Delicious pizza that doesn't break the bank?! SOLD. 

I highly recommend checking this place out. Whether you're picking up or dining in, you're in for a treat. The atmosphere is fun, energetic, and upbeat. Staff is so friendly, too!

Keep up the great work, & pizza!!!
And pizza. Maybe it should be called "Pizza And Everything Else" because this pizza comes before, and is better, than so many things. 

After hearing the hype of &Pizza coming to Philly and trying it in Baltimore, I was invited to come in and try some of their pizzas with a few friends. We opted for a sampling of the hits versus each picking out an individual order. 

Dreams do come true, pizza lovers. After trying 5 savory pies and a dessert pie, I have to start by calling out the consistency in the crust. Not only was the actual texture and consistency good, the product was good consistently. Not to quote Goldilocks and the three bears, but the crust was just right. Not too thick, but not too thin. Not too crispy, but not too doughy. It didn't overwhelm any of the toppings, but it stood out on its own as delicious. 

As far as toppings, the Gnarlic was my favorite. I'm biased though. Pesto and garlic are two of my favorite things. There was garlic in the ricotta and garlic in the sauce. Add mozzarella, grilled onion and parmesan and I'm in love. The execution on this pie was done right. 

I actually really liked the Moonstruck too. If you've ever read my reviews, you know that I'm not too keen on mushroom. However, the other ingredients featured goat cheese (my lover), fig balsamic and truffle oil (I know, I know...it's mushroom). Not only did I try it, I really liked it. 

The Maverick was probably my next favorite. Again, they had me at pesto. Add a touch of pesto to salami, pepperoni and Italian sausage, and you really have a great meat lover's combo. 

Last but not least (because everything can't be listed first, right?) was the OG and Pineapple Jack. The executions were both excellent, however the other toppings happen to resonate with me better. It's MY Yelp review, I can be as biased as I want. 

In its own (dessert) category was the Lori Lane. I like that the same crust was used with the sweet toppings. Perfect sweet/savory-ish combo. It was essentially a berries and sweet cream flavored pie. I challenge you to not blow sugar everywhere if your friends make you laugh while eating this pizza. Powdered sugar can be very dangerous, don't you know. 

&Pizza also makes their own sodas. I tried some of the Ginger Berry Lemonade and the Mango+ Passion Fruit. They were refreshing and delicious, but unfortunately lacking an adult beverage component. That is probably the only part of &Pizza that's lacking, but to no fault of theirs. 

Justin and the rest of the staff were on their A-Game. They were friendly, professional and brought the pies to us fresh out of the oven. I truly appreciate the hospitality of &Pizza. 

Without a doubt, I'll be back. Watch out, "craft your own." I see some fun adventures in my future.
Pros: Ridiculously tasty pizza, amazing thin crust, fast service, options to build your own, many vegan and vegetarian options  and toppings, beautiful decor, cool location, plenty of sitting, restrooms, affordable for location. 

Cons: Pizza is rather small in size. I would say one pizza can feed one person at most. Take it from a 100 pound girl :). So if you are VERY hungry, order two pizzas or go someplace else lol.
I am not a fan of many fast pizza places in Philly, but &pizza is absolutely top notch.  I was introduced to this joint at a Yelp event, but have been back multiple times since then.  The pizza is super fresh, on a thin, well-textured (little bit crispy) crust.  

The pre-made combinations are all well thought out and delicious.  Moonstruck is my favorite--the truffle is strong, but well balanced with the goat cheese and sweet fig balsamic glaze.  

We went for late night eats last weekend after a wedding, and it was delicious as expected.  The place was hopping, but we were all still able to grab a table.  &pizza also pays its workers a living wage, while still managing to charge a reasonable ~$10-12 for their "Hits."  

&pizza, you keep making these delicious bites, and you'll continue to be my preferred late night munchies (or anytime really) spot.
The other day at &Pizza, some friends and coworkers came with me to try it for the first time. There were a bunch of us and no one was sure what to get. David the shift manager came to the rescue and suggested a family style serving idea where various pizzas would be brought out so we could share. 
That was the best concept because everything came out in under 15min and everyone got to sample literally every option of pizza! 
The staff were so helpful with our accommodations and went above and beyond. Did i mention that everyone enjoyed the pizza??? This is a food review, huh.  

The best part about the pizza is how good it still taste even cold lol My coworkers took some leftovers back to the office and kept nibbling on slices throughout the day without even warming it up, but even warmed up didn't change the quality at all.
 I love this pizza spot. Who knows?? Maybe a small express &pizza will pop up in west philly?
Just made a lunch visit and service was speedy as usual. I tried the pinneapple jack pizza today which comes with (surprise) pinneapples, salami, mozzarella, tomato sauce with a cherry bomb drizzle. 
Omg the sweetness of the pinneapple was really balanced out with the spicy/ tangy taste of the cherry bomb drizzle. I had to eat half and wait to eat the other half an hour later cause its sooooo much pizza. 
But who complains about there being so much pizza?? 
Not THIS guy. 
Def worth the 10 bucks thats for sure. Such great quality and a freakin cool pizza box.


 
Yes pizza boxes have feelings, too.
I first feel in love with &pizza in DC and was quickly heartbroken when I learnt it was no where in the Tri state area. As soon as I heard it was coming to Philly, I was elated my love story didn't have to end.

Make your own thin crust pizza with unlimited toppings all for 10$. The ancient grain crust was crisp and perfectly cooked and the plethora of toppings were all very fresh! It's a very large space with lots of tables and window seating so it's a great place to come for a quick bite with a group of friends. 

LOVE this new addition to CC!!
Had a fantastic experience at one of the &pizza locations and was so excited to see it come to Philly! If you're new to make-your-own-pizza (like Blaze pizza or Snap pizza), it's sort of like a Chipotle for pizza where you choose your dough, sauce, and toppings before they throw it in the oven and finish with your choice of garnish. For ~$10, you can build a pizza with as many toppings as you want or get one of their specialties.

My girlfriend and I shared a Maverick (mozzarella, salami, pepperoni, italian sausage, pesto, parmesan) and a Moonstruck (mushroom truffle and garlic ricotta sauces, mozzarella, mushroom, onions, goat cheese, fig balsamic drizzle). The toppings were fresh and plentiful, with a good balance of sauce, dough, and toppings. The pizza crust was thin and crispy; normally I have to force myself to eat the crust but there was just the right amount and it was seasoned well enough that I finished every bite. For $10, you can't beat fresh, delicious, custom-made pizza.
Customizable pizza is all the rage these days. I had Snap Custom Pizza and this place felt fairly similar. It's like Chipotle style pizza, where you go down an assembly line of ingredients for your pizza. 

The ingredients are fresh and plentiful, and your choices are unlimited, so you can nuke your pizza with whatever you want on it. They also have options on a menu that lists their preassembled options, and the back of menu lists the calorie count for the different ingredients they offer. Pretty good for health-conscious individuals! 

The service was friendly, and there weren't that many customers when I visited on a weekday evening (it was also like.. 20 degrees that day, which might explain the lack of customers). Would definitely return.
Guys stop everything you are doing and go here.  Not only is the pizza amazing, but the music is really on another level.  I was jamming while eating my moonstruck (and some of my boyfriend's pizza too).  I also really enjoyed all the "soda" options especially since they are nontraditional flavors with no high fructose corn syrup.  

The layout is really nice and modern, but it might be a bit too modern because I couldn't figure out what to order without looking at a physical menu.  It would be really nice to have seen all the specials written above the kitchen area and have the details on the menu so I don't have to pick up that clipboard to remind myself of the options.  Also, and this is really minor, but there is a very weird smell in the restaurant that bothered me during my visit, it was almost like something had gone bad in there or some foul body oder, but I smelled it twice and one of those times was when no one else was in there.  Finally, I suggest you guys get smaller take out boxes, these long rectangular boxes, although cute, are not practical.  What if I went in there during my day of shopping down town and didn't finish my pizza?  I would have to schlep that long ass box around with me everywhere and, because of it's awkward size, it wouldn't fit into any of my shopping bags. 

Other than that, my experience was awesome! Shout out to the really tall dude who made our pizza who was humming and jamming along to the music.  He was super entertaining and really friendly!
So good! It was my first time here and pretty empty on a Sunday afternoon. I ordered the maverick (meat lovers) and added meatballs to it. The sausage was very spicy and I probably wouldn't get that again, but the meatballs were so tasty and definitely above my expectations. Adding toppings is not extra (except for a few such as shrimp which is an extra 2.5 I think). I also added shredded mozzarella which I definitely recommend doing if you like cheesy pizza. The pesto sauce was such a great touch and really made the pizza delicious. My boyfriend ordered the BBQ pizza but also customized his. The pizzas don't take long to cook as they just put them on a conveyor belt to cook. I would definitely come here again!
My first visit to &pizza will sadly be my last, and I can't quite understand what all the hype is about, or what crowd they're trying to attract. My coworkers and I came around 1pm to grab lunch on a weekday. There were only a few people in line, and there were menus available to browse while you wait.... and wait you shall. 

Whatever assembly line system they have is failing miserably, and it was painful to watch. While employees stood around watching the chaos and refusing to leave their assigned job, others were working 2 "stations" and holding up the rest of the line. Including not having dough ready or not getting the right toppings on fast enough. All of this breakdown caused terrible backlog, forcing us to squish together by the register, watching our pizzas get cold. Add to this the obnoxious house music blaring overhead, and swag they're trying to sell up front. Meanwhile, customers were coming in to pick up "order ahead" mobile orders, only to learn that they hadn't even been started.

From the time we walked in to pizza in hand, we were in the store for at least 20+ minutes. Sadly, by the time I got back to my office 1 block away, my pizza was cold. Sure the toppings are cool (woohoo "mooncheese"), and in the end my pizza was pretty tasty. But overall, my overpriced pizza in a box shaped like a skateboard was not worth the stress, the hassle, or the money. 

Sorry, &pizza, but some changes will need to be made before you stand to compete against Snap- at least in my book.
Ive never had pizza like this. Its long pizza bread with the toppings. I had a pizza salad- it was good! Loved the uniqueness and vibe of this place.
I ordered from this place while working a weekend (FMLLLL) with a colleague that was very aggressive with the topping choices. We were not in the mood for some bullshit cheese pizza, oh no siree. 

We made the natural decision of ordering 2 pizzas to split. My vegetarianism combined with hatred of onions and mushrooms narrowed the playing field somewhat. The gnarlic looked too appealing to pass up with grilled ricotta (grilled? what on earth?) mozzarella (not grilled? curious) NO onions (but usually grilled) basil pesto, garlic oil, and parm. 

For our second choice, we harnessed our creative side and made our own. Ancient grain bread (less glycemic index than traditional), spicy tomato sauce, mozzarella, jalapeno, roasted pepper, spinach, and spicy chickpeas. We also went wild and threw in the VEGAN BEEF option. Nice. For finishing touches we did olives and banana peppers. 

Food came in a reasonable amount of time. There was actually a fire alarm going off in our building which prevented the delivery person (caviar) from gaining access to our location. We ultimately met up with them outside.

Pizza was delicious. I went for the build our own first and it was amazing, just the perfect amount of spice. Of course toppings spilled all over me while I was attempting to eat it and simultaneously juggle the phone and computer mouse. By the time I got to the gnarlic it was like an ice cube in terms of temperature which seriously detracted from the experience but it tasted good regardless. Needless to say it would have been much more enjoyable had it been warm.

I'd for sure order from here again. Only issue is the size, 1 pizza might not be adequate if you're a binge-eater on my level.

Interestingly enough, I met up with someone I know for happy hour the following day. He told me there was this great pizza place he went to where you could legit put on a million toppings and any toppings you want for the same price. He couldn't remember what the name was and my google maps investigation into the street he said it was on was coming up empty. He sudden said, "&PIZZA! THAT'S WHAT IT IS!" Well, what do you know?
Delicious pizza and great customer service! Pizza is ready to go or eat there within minutes and comes with a good assortment of  unlimited toppings and ae interesting sauces. Unfortunately  for me my pizza got burnt. The manager quickly apologized and ordered me another pizza on the house. I wanted to leave a tip but they refused and said they don't accept tops, only Yelp reviews. So here I am! I would definitely recommend this place if you want to grab a quick bite to eat or just to enjoy the pizza. There is lots of place to sit, its clean and service is quick.
Tasty pizza, good price, sophisticated vibe. Got the Gnarlic pizza with some grilled chicken and loved it. Will be back
Came back last night with our free pizza coupons (thanks guys!) and we were not disappointed! As I said in my previous review, the pizzas really were delicious and this time I got to thoroughly enjoy mine and so did my boyfriend.  It wasn't crowded so there really wasn't a wait like the last time but we got good free pizza and were both full and satisfied after :)

Definitely a fun and casual joint for the city! I want to thank the management team for giving me AND My boyfriend the opportunity to come back and get a better experience and enjoy their pizza again!
While I love going to independent (or dollar slice) pizza joints, &pizza has become one of my favorite fast casual spots when I want to grab a quick meal with a friend or eat a crazy huge pizza with odd toppings. I always, always go for the create your own - which is a great value and includes great vegetarian friendly toppings like vegan sausage, which tastes very close to the real thing, and makes it easier to share with my vegetarian partner without feeling like I'm missing out on meat pizza!

They have had a tremendous response during COVID - from feeding my roommate for free after long shifts at the hospital to serving as the comfort food I need (while being early / eager adopters of public health precautions). &pizza - you'll always be a gem in my book. Can't wait to eat in person again!
Second time here and &pizza just continues to kill it. 

After my initial Yelp review, the manager reached out and invited me and a few of my &pizza newbie friends to come try some of their food. I must say, it was really nice to see how much management cares about its customers. It was a very appreciated gesture. A big shoutout to Sam (and all of the other friendly and hardworking staff)... thank you! You rock! 

I finally got to visit the actual location. The interior is sick. It's such a large space with plenty of natural light since the storefront is made up of large glass windows. The decor is very minimalistic. I found it to be really clean, open, and airy. There is a walk up counter where you order your food. This is also where the kitchen is located so you can actually see the employees making your food. 

Ok now on to the food. We sampled six of their most popular pizzas - the OG, moonstruck, farmer's daughter, gnarlic, pineapple jack, and maverick. While they were all good, the ones that stuck out to me the most were moonstruck, gnarlic, and maverick. I felt like the combination of ingredients on these pizzas just worked so well together. I must note that all of the ingredients tasted really fresh. Not to mention they just looked good.... definitely picture worthy!

We were also able to sample some of craft sodas. I went with the mango & passion fruit and I am SO happy I did. It was so refreshing. Next time, I plan to try the ginger berry lemonade... I heard that one is a winner too. 

Only thing I'd note is that they did not have any plates which was a slight inconvenience when my friends and I split the pizzas. They only had the large pizza trays so we ended up using those as makeshift plates. It's really minor but I figured would be worth mentioning. 

Overall, 5 stars for &pizza. You really can't beat it - amazing service, cool atmosphere, even better food/drink. So do yourself a favor and check this place out, fellow pizza lovers!
Ok this pizza place was bomb!  It is open until super late, so it is a great choice for someone looking for late night eats.  My husband and I were looking for a very late dinner, and we stumbled on this spot.  What makes it different than blaze and pieology is the shape of the pizza.  It is a rectangular shape basically.  You can either make your own, or select from some other pizza combos.  They had a lot of cool options and unique toppings.  I got the moonstruck, and my husband got the buffalo.  It is a pretty reasonable size, i think if both people aren't starving they could probably share.  They don't really have much else here, just pizza and some drinks.  We had leftovers.
Pizza was surprisingly good.  All around quality pizza from crust to cheese.  I have tried this place in DC in the past and this was much better than I remember.
the best and only build your own pizza place i've been to and i was extremely impressed. you really can't go wrong with any combination of toppings you put on your pizza at this place. also, how do they make them in like 3 minutes?!? my friend and i got their new buffalo chicken pizza as well as their salad pizza with pesto and added some ground meat to it, and they were both amazing. so much flavor. i'm usually a thick crust lover but the thin crusts at this place are just right. 

my goal is to try every combination ever before i move outta philly. willlll beeeee backkkkk
You can customize your sandwich, salads and even poke bowls, why not your flatbread pizza too? This location is big and bright- a bit sterile and fast food like, but the pizzas are awesome! We came here with our littles on a Wednesday night and we were in and out relatively quickly which is a high priority on our list with kids! Pick your flat bread, and they your sauce and then the types of cheese. Our kids liked that they could see their pizzas being created right in front of them. It would only be better if they could jump behind the counter themselves put the ingredients on themselves!
There are menus to check out while you are in the queue and also on the menu board. In the fridge, there are a bevy of choice of drinks from milk to sparkling water and flavored artisanal teas.
Also, be forewarned that they ingredients could be cross contaminated with peanuts/tree nuts. We have a peanut allergy in our entourage and did not find issue with this, but it should be noted.
I had the goat cheese pizza- A Mushroom Experience- it was really flavorful and even my tots indulged in it, which is surprise as there is nothing on it they would eat on a given night, but the components created a wonderful savory and a sweet bite!
They littles had the OG- what's not to like, the classic basil, tomato and mozzarella and DH had the Maverick- tomato, mozz, salami, pepperoni, sausage pesto and parm. 
I initially thought we got way to much food, but it turned out that each pie was the perfect amount of food, 1 for each adult and 1 for the 2 littles and the best part- we came out of there for around $40 including drinks! It's very convenient when you need to pop in for a quick bite without the hassle of waiting for a table or making a reservations as kids are very unpredictable creatures so if they have to wait when they are hungry, it's usually a no go situation. 
The only thing that I would give a little grievance too is that, I was questionable with some of the music choices for families with kids, especially before 6:30pm but hey- that's the parent in me- they didn't notice- but at the same time, I wouldn't want to have to explain what some of the choice words that were piping out in the songs being played. Yes, eyeroll from the masses, we could have gone somewhere else, but it's hard to bring kids out to a lot of the other restaurants around town and pizza is always a sure fire hit with children. Also, if you don't bring your kids out when their young, you will have to endure the unruly tweens at restaurants later on line life, because they didn't get out when they were younger! Remember you were all kids once, but I digress.
Otherwise, this was a great place to stop for a quick pizza.
They gave us a few boxes of pizzas to try out! There were meat lovers, margherita, GF margherita, mushroom and feta?, and one with white garlic sauce. They were good! The gluten free one was one of the best GF I've had. Delicious when fresh, but gets hard (as GF typically does) when it's been sitting out. The mushroom with sauce and cheese on it was amazing! Great mix of salty and sweet flavors, but not overpowering. I was told the meat one was delicious and not too salty as typical meat lovers pizzas are, and the garlic sauce one smelled really garlicky, but I did not taste. I was told they all tasted very good!!! Great spot to stop in for a quick bite of good, gourmet pizza.. unfortunately I'm surrounded by delicious Italian style pizza in south philly so I can only give 4 stars. But def a must try!
Been wanting to check this place out for a while since it opened but didn't have the time. I am soooo GLAD I did because this pizza rocks ! 

The restaurant is very minimalist and I'm here for it. Long tables with chairs/benches assorted in black or white. Cool layout and open kitchen concept. You pick up a menu near the ordering side of the kitchen, and one of the employees make the pizza right in front . 

I chose the Pineapple Jack, with REAL mozzarella ( yes the round white kind) , sliced of pineapple, Italian ham, and bacon bits ( because why not right?). I sat down for about 5-10 minutes while my pizza was baking. Next was BBQ sauce and parmesan ( they will ask you if you want the original maverick toppings which includes all the above plus onion which I opted out of ) 

Overall , GREAT PIZZA! I love pizza it's my favorite and this instantly became a place I will frequent in the future. There are many other great options I want to try.
Easy option if you want to grab a personal pizza relatively quick.
Ahhh the casual, fast food movement with pizza. 
Tried the Hawaiian and the farmers daughter, which were both good. Thin, crisp crust.
The farmers daughter was a lil spicy. 
Both pizzas were good and you will be relatively full. 
It's an easy option if I need something quick, but it's not memorable or amazing. It's also not as quick as I'd expect with no line (I can't imagine how long it would be if there was a long line)
High ceilings and a bright lit space. The folks who work there are friendly.
OMG, where have you been my entire life?? I'm not even sure why I haven't checked this place out sooner. Place is nice and big and very clean. Came in right at opening so there was no line at all. Ordered 3 different types of pizza to split between a few of us.

American honey - Oh man, I want to go back today just for this. The spicyness balanced with the sweetness and bitterness of the cheese was to die for. I loved every bite.

Maverick - This is the meat-lovers dream. It was plentiful and packed with loads of toppings.

Big Caesar - this was pretty good too. Its basically having a Caesar salad with some breadsticks (except, you're eating it together)

For anyone that is very picky on toppings, you can also customize your own as well. I do highly recommend going with some of their suggestions though (try something new, why don't ya!)
Seriously, this place has it all! I've had &pizza twice now, but a friend invited me here for a pizza party and this was my first experience at the restaurant.

First off, the music in &pizza is solid, good for groups and it just promotes a good time. The staff was friendly and represented the place well.

Now for the pizzas. They're all flat crusts, so you won't feel too full. We got the OG, Moonstruck, Farmers Daughter (breakfast pizza), Maverick, Gnarlic and Pineapple Jack. They were all delicious, but for me the Moonstruck and Gnarlic were far and away my favorites.

The Moonstruck pizza, with caramelized onions, garlic, ricotta, mushrooms and balsamic was one I could not put down. I'm a huge fan of mushrooms and onions, and anyone else who is will undoubtedly love this pizza!

Next was the Gnarlic. Filled with parmesan, mozzarella and ricotta cheese, surprisingly the best part of this pizza was the pesto sauce on it, I just wish they put more on it! 

I have to say &pizza really has some eclectic pizza options and I can't wait to come back!
This is a nice casual place to grab pizza and has plenty of seating.  I tried the moonstruck pizza.  I wanted a touch of meat so I asked for meat to be added and just to experiment, I asked for cherry tomatoes and arugula to be added on half of it. I like the thin crust and it's not super pricey (about $9 for a pizza). Surprisingly it's super easy to chow down. I'm not a huge eater but I felt like I could have easily chowed down the whole thing.

There's plenty of seating, some picnic-table style and others with real chairs. It's a casual environment but a nice place to grab a bite with friends or family.
Kinda like a Chipotle for pizza. You tell the nice people at the counter what pizza you want, you go through an assembly line and they run your oblong pie through a toaster oven conveyor belt. 

Not necessarily my first choice for a meal in this area, but the pizza is perfectly acceptable if you want some quick, fresh and affordable, plus the selection of teas and cold beverages is nice.
Im here right now for grand opening. This is one of the coolest places I've been for pizza. The pizza itself is great. It's about $9 for a "full" pizza (comes in a rectangular box). You get as many toppings as you want which is great. But the homemade sodas are just as great as the pizza. I seriously could come here just for the soda. Try the mango passion fruit. 

For grand opening they had break dancers in the street, and a black carpet, and gave away 215 pizzas for free. We were coming from a work event and were one of the last people that got the free pizzas. Seriously, we each got different pizzas and tasted all of them. I'm really big into good pizza and this is very very good. Seasoned well, cooked well, and very fast. They flash it in the oven so it's out in about 2 minutes. 

The inside looks great too, it's all black and white themed and tables long and big enough for a few dozen people. 

Overall experience: 9.7/10
It was my first time at &Pizza.  I was amazed by the variety of toppings they offer. 
I have been to several custom pizza places. I have to admit that this place has really fresh and tasty toppings. The plus is that there is shrimp in the list.
However, the crust could have more texture and flavor to it, and &pizza is behind in this. 
The service was excellent. The staff was happy to answer all my questions.

P/s: I didn't see any condiments there like other places. That was sad.
Food is a 4, excellent service makes it a 5. This is a fast casual DIY pizza joint, with a choice of their pre-made combinations. Each pizza will set you back ~$10. The ingredients looked fresh and the pizza was piping hot. Portion sizing is fair -- you could probably finish this if you were super hungry. I ended up saving 2 pieces for later. 

I was really impressed with the service. I wanted a French onion sauce for my base layer, but it was super congealed. The server noticed and swapped out the whole tub of sauce for a fresh batch. 

Pass on the sodas. The flavors sound intriguing, but tasted a little too medicinal for me. Overall I would go again. My friend noted that Snap Pizza (a similar DIY pizza place) had larger portions, but &Pizza has fancier toppings.
I'm forever on the hunt for a good 'za with high quality ingredients and &pizza tops the list!

The pizza size is enough for 1 person and the American Honey is to die for. For those who prefer a gluten free crust, this is the best GF crust I've had and it keeps me coming back every time!
This is a Chipotle style assembly line, but for pizzas. There are a few combinations to choose from or you can completely customize your pie. It's not the best pizza in Philly but it's not bad if you're in a pinch. One plus, the pizza is not greasy and the ingredients are fresh. It's a good, cheap and quick bite to grab.
This pizza is AMAZING!!! AAAHHHH!! 
This was the opening day for &pizza so the first 215ppl (Philly...215...grest marketing there) got their pizza for FREE. CLEARLY i wasn't gonna miss that. The wait time in line was only about 15min totally which was amazing for how many ppl were there. 
The decor and concept design is dope. Its all in black and white which stands out in center city. 

The pizza.....is so good....flatbread style but a huge piece of flatbread
I had the meat lovers pizza its called the marverick i think.  ($9.50)
Oh.....my.....gawd.... it was so good.

The crust was crisp and soft on the inside.
The ingredients were sooooooooooo fresh.
The best part was the pesto vinaigrette...amazing.
I cant even describe the taste. I'll better describe it the next time i go in. Please don't take all my lunch money, &PIZZA..LOL
I first went to &pizza in the DMV, which I believe is where the originals started. My girlfriend and I would travel to DC, just to get this pizza so we were happy when Philly opened one! I am so glad the Philly establishment was not my introduction to this place - they need work and the pizza is not as good as the location in DC. So disappointing. The employees on the line are VERY stingy with the toppings, even when you ask for "extra" it is still as if they have been instructed to apply the toppings like robots - get the mozzarella cheese balls and they will literally break a piece of cheese per square. I had to ask for extra broccoli three times because it didn't cover my pizza. They put the sauce on the dough as if that little scoop of the silver spoon is going to stretch the sauce across the whole pizza, JUST PUT MORE SAUCE ON. I don't get it. I ordered a 13 dollar pizza (gluten-free costs 3 dollars more and is a smaller size) and I can't even get the toppings to cover my pizza without asking. Nothing like the original and they don't serve wine like the DC location. Also, the vibe is totally different, no need for the loud hip hop music, just serve good pizza, don't be stingy with toppings and don't have your employees applying toppings like robots. If you have never been to the establishment in DC, you might like this place, if you have, it will be a total disappointment. 

Other notes: I was told I couldn't get a to-go box if I was eating in ...huh? If I know I am not going to finish my entire pizza and I want to take it with me, how can you tell me I can't have a to-go box?
100% would *ravenously* order again. The GF crust is amongst the best I've ever had. The cutesy rectangular box was perfect for stacking up a few pizzas for a game night in #noshame. I already want to order more!
This place is so cool! You really have to try it to get it. So imagine Chipotle/SweetGreen/that kind of restaurant. Now, imagine that as you go through the line, you're building a *pizza*.

I feel like knowing the style is really important, otherwise the build-your-own options on the menu can seem overwhelming! But when you have the choices in front of you, it's really easy (and stupidly fast, to be honest). My favorite thing we had was veganizing the truffle-y pizza - the truffle-y sauce, vegan cheese, mushrooms, toppings, etc.

Another thing I love about &pizza is that it's a flat price (at least for now), and no extra charge for vegan cheese. I also saw the staff being very careful about changing gloves and safety which I really appreciated! The fancy sodas are fancy and tasty.

If anything, I wish this location didn't have such bright, intense lighting, but that probably makes sense for a place where you're meant to go in and out in a fairly timely manner. However, they ARE open really late on the weekend, so if you're drinking in Rittenhouse on the weekend, those lights will probably help you wake up a little so you can make it through your cab ride home.
The pizza here was very standard of &pizza - a customizable store where you can order all the toppings you'd like. To be honest, the first time I had &pizza I didn't really like it and preferred more traditional pick-what-you-want like Blaze, but after eating at the one in University City often, it started to grow on me. One personal note is that while I love pineapple on pizza, the pineapple at all &pizzas are more... sour? tasting than other pineapples from other pizza stores. 

The reason I decided to leave a review for this restaurant is because the service here is really great! I had trouble with the &pizza app twice now (once when trying to claim a coupon, it wouldn't let me use it; the second time, it used the coupon but didn't apply any discount). Both times the staff here were really helpful and helped me right away.
This is the first time I've eaten in at &pizza and it blew away my expectations and my past experience! I've previously ordered from them a while ago on caviar and was really disappointed- these pizza don't travel well. 

This time, I visited with my boyfriend and decided to go with the default combinations as the huge list of toppings is overwhelming on an empty stomach. I'm one of those people who tends to choose ingredients that sound delicious on their own but aren't exactly great together.

ATMOSPHERE: the seating area is very large with high ceilings which gives it a much roomier feeling- very appreciated in center city, where personal space is hard to come by. There are long bench-type tables in case you come with a group of people. It's hip and industrial-esque.

FOOD: quick, delicious, and affordable. The pizzas here are flat and thin crust. I'm usually a thick crust gal, but it was still delicious. It was lightly crisp yet still a lil chewy. You can basically choose as many toppings as can fit on the pizza. My boyfriend and I split the dirty bird (limited edition) and gnarlic. I added olives to the gnarlic and they were both great. I only wish there was a roasted garlic topping option!! That would have pushed it over the edge.

Long story short: delicious and cheap. Eating in is much better than delivery for this spot. Good for fast meals and larger groups.

I don't think it's advertised, but the customers in front of us ordered half and half pizzas so that might be useful for those who are indecisive!
Awesome quick bite ! It's a pretty tasty build your own Pizza ready in minutes! The menu is very straight forward simple and easy to create your personal Pizza great for the family too. Enjoy
I was so happy to see &Pizza open up in Philly.  I had been there in DC before and hoped to see the concept expand closer to me.

You can think of it as the Chipotle of pizza.  You pick a pizza dough, make your way down an assembly line adding toppings (there are a lot of choices and they're of excellent quality), and then watch them put it through their magically-quick oven, then you get your personal pizza, pay, and you're on your way.  The first time I went, I found it hard to believe that it could come out of the oven in a minute with good crust, cheese that was melted but not burned, etc.  But it does, and the pizza is delicious.  The selection of doughs, sauces and toppings also allows you to make a huge variety of "pizzas," including some that resemble traditional pizza only in having crust and toppings.  And they can accommodate vegan and gluten free diets, so there's something for everyone.

They also have some really good "craft" sodas and good teas.

And the prices are fair... I think it's $10 for a pizza with unlimited toppings, and it's big enough to be a very satisfying meal.
One of my boyfriend's friends is gluten-free and we always try to find exciting and interesting spots to take her when she comes to visit. 

They have some pre-selected/suggested pizzas, or you could build-your-own. I went with the "Moonstruck" - essentially a white pizza with mushrooms and a drizzle of fig balsamic. You can add any toppings you like along the way as you watch them make it - I chose roasted red peppers, which was a delicious addition.

The pizza is a pretty decent size for a moderately-hungry person. I left feeling completely happy with my choice. In the past I haven't been the biggest mushroom fan, but this pizza definitely helped change my opinion.
This place was a colossal letdown, especially after I so thoroughly enjoyed a very similar pizza place on a trip to Florida a couple of weeks ago ("@pizza", which makes me think the similarities may be intentional). But last night when my girlfriend and I ordered two of their signature pizzas (she got the "Gnarlic" and I got the pepperoni pizza, "Little Roni"), the service was awful and the product mediocre.

We went to pick up our pizzas 90+ minutes before the restaurant closes, but the doors wouldn't open when we got there. Still, there were people eating pizzas inside and 3 staff members there. At least one of them saw us trying to open the door, but never acknowledged us or came out to open it. When a second couple came and tried, they finally let us all in. No apologies, though, and when we told them that it had been locked, we were just told "nah, it just does that sometimes". 

We picked up our pizzas and got home, only to see that they had written "no pesto :(" on the Gnarlic. They didn't call us to tell us that or even tell us when we were there to offer another sauce or something. That was just for us to learn once we'd already gotten home to eat.

As for the food? It was ok, but my pepperonis were burnt and the pizza didn't leave much of an impression with me either way. It was...dry. My girlfriend said hers was ok even without the pesto, but I'd hardly say she was blown away, either. 

The combination of uncaring, lazy service and bland pizza means this is likely a spot we'll be skipping in the future.
Update 1/18: after having an awesome pizza couple of weeks back I decided to take my friends for dinner and I must say the experience just got way better. The staff was very friendly and the pizzas no doubt were amazing. We were 5 of is and tried all possible combinations of pizza. It was hard to judge which one was the best. We also tried all the sodas and it was very refreshing. My personal fav was ginger lemonade and mango passionfruit. Their iced teas are very refreshing as well. I had lemongrass peach i think and it was really nice. The best way to end it was with the dessert pizza. This is the first time I had a dessert pizza and I must say it was very delicious so rich in flavor. We ended up spending 2.5 hours there just eating and chatting. Nice place to hangout with friends and my friends totally loved it. Check out the pics to get a glimpse of the pizza  



$10 pizza with unlimited topping. Had the traditional pizza with spicy tomato and basil pesto base and all possible veggies on it. The mixed sauce was tasting really good and loved it. Cool ambience. Nice place to hangout with friends.
wasnt sure what to expect from &pizza but based on the photos i had seen i definitely wanted to give it a shot. i didnt go inside bcuz parking is next to impossible at this location so i waited in the car directly in front of the restaurant. from the exterior &pizza looks like a high volume pizza factory with an assembly line. its very big, glassy and polished. fortunately when we arrived there were only a few people inside. 

i decided to go totally custom for my first time and ordered the regular crust with spicy tomato sauce, pepperoni, italian sausage, spinach, basil and tomatoes. from start to finish the entire wait time was roughly 10 mins for two pizzas which for a saturday night without calling ahead was pretty damn good. the pizza came out hot but didnt stay hot very long. in fact, thats probably my only complaint. if youre doing takeout and are on the go, these thin pizzas dont hold heat well. when i finally took my first bite i was pleasantly surprised. the pizza was very rustic and savory. very thick sliced meats and not too much cheese. the basil topping was super green and fresh and complimented everything else very well. overall i was pleased and definitely plan on makiong this a go to spot for pizza downtown. highly recommend.
Pizza made to perfection. The jalapeños were nice and crunchy and the cheese was gooey which is my favorite. Had their root beer and everything was just delicious.
OMFG. My first experience with &pizza was everything I hoped for and more. Unfortunately, I did not dine in so this review is solely on the food. Though, I must say I am really looking forward to dining in next time (especially because I heard the atmosphere is super cool)!

We ordered the moonstruck which consisted of mushroom truffle, garlic ricotta, mozzarella, mushroom, grilled onion, goat cheese, and fig balsamic. It was just divine! I really appreciated the uniqueness of this flavor. Don't think I've ever had a pizza that tasted like this before. The second pizza that we got was the gnarlic which was garlic ricotta, mozzarella, pesto, grilled onion, garlic oil, and parmesan. The pizza really lives up to it's name because it's just that gnarly! The combination of ingredients went perfectly together. I had a hard time choosing which pizza I liked better but what I will say is that I would 100% order either of them again. Unfortunately, the pizza got tossed around a bit in the delivery process so the pictures just don't do it justice but the flavor was amazing nonetheless.

The biggest drawback is the quantity. While the pizza was sufficient and left me feeling satisfied, I could see the portion sizes being small for some people. Pretty sure my boyfriend would be able to eat two of those puppies in one sitting. Just something to consider when you're ordering! I considered knocking off a star for this but just couldn't get myself to do it because the pizza was that good.
First visit last night, as we were heading towards Suburban Station to head back to the 'burbs. Nicely lit storefront, makes this place easy to find. They were closing in approx. 20 minutes, but they were ready to get us in and out the door with a smile. Place was immaculate. Some amazing creative options for their "hits" menu, or you can easily create your own with fresh topping right in front of you. I went with their "American Honey", which had spicy tomato, mozzarella, pepperoni, arugula, red pepper flakes, goat cheese, and hot honey drizzle. The flavor combinations were fantastic and it was served to me piping hot in just a few minutes. Very affordable for the size (oval) pizza you get. This could easily feed 2 people if you find the ability to share. After one bite, you may not want to :) 
Highly recommend.
Great new addition to the lunch lineup. Like a Chipotle build your own bar but with pizza! Start with your choice of crust, then sauce, then toppings. They also have some nice finishing options (cheese, sauce drizzles, herbs, etc) My creation was delightful and with all of the combinations, it makes me want to revisit to try more. They also have pre-designed pies for the less adventurous. The service was friendly and quick. As a solo diner, I also appreciate that the layout accommodated me without me feeling guilty for stealing a whole table! Everything was clean and comfortable. Definitely will return.
Ive been waiting for someone to kill the fast casual pizza game since Chipotle did the same for the burrito. I can 100% say &pizza has done it. Create your own pizza in under 5 minutes for about $10...are you kidding me? Seriously? Why is this the first time I'm seeing this done? 

I am a huge fan of all things runny yolk, so I had to try the Farmer's Daughter! It's a really great rendition of a breakfast pizza with sausage, the most beautiful fresh mozz you've ever laid your eyes on, runny yolk, spinach and some hot sauce! While I'm more of a thick crust kind of girl, the thin crispy crust was done really well and this flavor combo was top notch. It looks like its going to be a lot of pizza when you first get it, but I comfortably finished the whole thing without hating myself so the portion is perfect. Overall, really great fast casual pizza, can't wait to go back and create my own next time!!!
Ate the whole pie for the first time and absolutely no shame in admitting it. This pizza was SO good! So many options for toppings and extras which makes this place addressing everyone's desires for a perfect pie. They've organized it in terms of steps of making a pizza so no place for confusion. You can make your own or choose from their list.  Tip: they will add an extra scoop of a topping if you ask them to, which I appreciated because I can never get enough jalapeños   the fig balsamic with the chilli oil on top was my absolute favorite! In terms of drinks, we tried the mango passion fruit and loved it! Tried the vegan sausage, it was very doughy for my taste but my friend liked it, she said it tasted very similar to the actual.  My bf got the spicy chickpeas but he said they don't really add any flavor to the pizza.

If you like it spicy, here's what I added on top: Parmesan, chilli oil, fig balsamic, red pepper flakes, and pesto :)
This is it! The American Honey is a must! Had to order it 2x while we were there. The staff are very patient when you order and explain the whole process,  if you're not familiar with it.  Great atmosphere too!
Really good for what it is--edible fast food.  They try too hard to be all cool and hip though.
Where do I start with "&pizza"? The fresh ingredients? The pleasant staff? Reasonable prices? Locally-sourced fresh produce? 

&pizza is located in a neighborhood that has no storage of pizza places selling a quick, and usually, high price pizza by the slice. So, this made to order establishment is a much needed alternative and will no doubt become a staple in the neighborhood. 

As I mentioned, the pizza is made fresh to order right in front you. You have a wide range of toppings to choose from, therefore, it is impossible not to build a pizza that is not as unique as you are. If you're craving a super healthy option, go with the "Salad Pizza".  As the title implies, it's basically a salad on a tasty flat bread. On the other end of the spectrum for the meat lovers: The MAVERICK is what your dreams are made of. 

Yes, this place is in a great location that is easily accessible via any Septa route and the modern decor makes it a relaxing atmosphere to grab a bite with friends during the work week or weekends. I ordered online for an easy pick up and you are only charged extra for shrimps and gluten-free bread. Anything else you are free to pile on! I cannot imagine any pizza lover not appreciating the absolute deliciousness of this place! 

On my next visit, I plan on trying their Housemade Craft Sodas or the Lemongrass White Peach tea (sounds tasty!).

TIP: They have a mobile app where you can ahead as well but it was having technical issues at the time.
I was first introduced to &Pizza in Virginia. Last year during the Yelp Halloween party, I was happy to have learned that &Pizza opened up in Philly. 

I came in last night with 3 of my girlfriends after a night of dancing. I was so happy to have found out this place is open after hours. It was the perfect late night meal to share amongst ourselves. We ordered 2 different pizzas - both were good but we unanimously agreed the gnarlic sauce and basil pesto sauce provided a lot of flavor. 

I would come back to try more.
I went here for lunch yesterday and it was a 3-star A-OK, but I wouldn't go back. I'm going to stick with the many pizza institutions in the city. 

The concept is great (Their competitor, Blaze, does a much better job), but execution is a little awkward with flow and environment. The pizza dough needs some work and flavor. 

Also, I am begging all restaurants to stop pretending that their spot is the newest dance club.  The awkwardness mentioned above was mostly caused by people having to yell over the ridiculously loud trance music. Literally yelling. It was strange.
What a great spot! This is a chipotle style place where you pick your dough, pick your toppings, then they bake it and at the end there are more toppings and sauces you can add. (Think balsamic vinegar, pesto, chili oil, more hot sauces, and some others. 

I went in and ordered the classic OG with jalapeños. (I was a little surprised they didn't have regular onions and green peppers.) I added chili oil, pickled onions, and on everything and pesto on half once the pizza was baked. Delicious! I was starving so I went with items I already knew I would like. 

I would like to get back and try the ancient grain dough. I had not noticed that they had that until I had already ordered. Can't wait to try more of the combinations later!
Stopped here for lunch between setting up for an event and attending said event. The restaurant is very clean and organized. There were a few people in line before us but the line moved very quickly. The pizzas are all customizable and even their standards you can omit ingredients or add to them. They are delicious and reasonably priced. I ordered the Gnarlic but omitted the basil pesto. They also had Milk bar cookies on the counter that I highly recommend.
&pizza has a ton of locations in DC so I'd eaten there before, but this is their only Pennsylvania branch. 

The space is huge, really great for groups and has this adorable minimalist sleek interior. They've got great fruity craft soda.  

My pizza was done in less than 10 minutes. All the food is organic and GMO free. The crust is nice and thin, with a crunchy outer and chewy interior. I got the moonstruck which is a really awesome white pizza, with really flavorful goat cheese, and I have them throw arugula on top.
I am so happy that one of my favorite DC pizza places has come to Philadelphia. Just like the Washington location the combination of good fresh tasty ingredients combine bed with fast friendly service makes for a must go venue. Enjoyed making my selections and watching the staff construct my personal pizza. Today I chose a combo of chicken with ricotta garlic spread topped with roasted peppers sautéed onions mushrooms and a four cheese base. Delicious. I enjoy the fresh made ice teas in jars and selected the peach lemongrass. My wife and grandson enjoyed the standard tomato and cheese with basil. Fresh and delicious. The other pizzas looked great but I did not taste them. Will be back soon for more pizza creations. Welcome to Philly.
Love this place!  I work right down the street and if I ever have a question about lunch, &Pizza has the answer.  Making your own pizza drives me wild...!, I can experiment with some great choices and like them, too!  Not only are the pizzas great (try the dessert pizza), the staff is very accommodating.  David (GM) is the man!  He is so gracious and exhibits the customer service that so many in the business can learn from.  Looking forward to finding one in the "burbs" where I live.
The line was short and the restaurant is spacious, so those two factors set this place apart from nearby SNAP Custom Pizza. However, the two restaurants also differ from one another in terms of price, and SNAP wins that point. A gluten-free pizza at SNAP costs $10, while a gluten-free pizza at &pizza costs $13. In terms of taste, they were both good. They are also about the same size, though they have different shapes. (&pizza does an oval pie.)
I liked this place, but since it is so similar to SNAP, and they are a block apart, I'd go with SNAP.
Devan made my pizza and she gave me great conversation also!! I've never been here before, but the fact they let you put whatever you want on your pie is fucking amazing to me!! If the pizza is anything like their customer service, I'll definitely be back!!!
Uh so ok, I got carried away. Carmelized onions, mozzarella cheese shredded, sausage, spicy marinara sauce, chicken, broccoli. If I left anything out, forgive me I was high when I ordered it. This shit is good af though and big as shit!! Get yo ass there and get some pizza
We discovered & Pizza in Washington DC and have loved it ever since! Never been disappointed! Love the atmosphere. Best pizza I've had! Please add other locations to the Philadelphia area.
The pizza is just ok. The pizza assembly line needs to be re-evaluated. The process is very slow. They never have enough dough ready and they are very slow to put on toppings which they always get wrong. This was my second visit and the second time they did not get my order right.
I love this place. I lived in DC where &pizza was at and I got so excited when I found out they were coming to Philly. I hope they expand and open other locations. Build your own pizza is my favorite and I love how it fills me up but the thin crust doesn't make you feel too full. Also, I know &pizza used to do good for the community and for nonprofits in DC so I'm looking forward to them doing good things here too.
Honestly not too bad! They're gluten free crust was the usual thin and sad but flavor was decent! I put on the regular cause, pepperoni, onion and garlic. Then for the after oven toppings I selected arugula, and the garlic infused olive oil. I didn't feel heavy and stuffed and while it is kind of like "Damn....$12 for a pizza." It's a decent size and you can always share!
Definitely a place worth coming to. Staff is friendly. Can't say enough about the pizza. Customizable with a variety of different toppings. Everything tastes fresh and clean. Never once had an issue with my order! If anything is wrong, the manager  Chester, is the man. He's professional and will take care of any issues if any! Definitely my go to spot for a quick pizza!
So incredibly yummy. Better than pizzas I've spent more money on. It'll be hard to not want to go more than 1x a week.
I've been here twice and each time I have thoroughly enjoyed my pizza . It's made to order and I usually had pick the pizza toppings so it's really on you if you get something you don't like . The execution each time I e been has been outstanding buy the employee. No complaints !
Whether you care for buzzwords like locally sourced ingredients, organic dough, or non-GMO, $10 for an unlimited toppings flatbread is worth a try. We flew into Philly late one night, hungry, and was glad to find a brightly-lit and spacious food place in the middle of downtown.

When they say unlimited, they mean it. You're really only restricted by how much you can fit on the dough. However, that's about all that stands out. The selection of toppings is quite limited compared to other build-your-own pizza places and the taste is quite average.

Their assembly line also need some refinement. It literally took this guy 10 mins to make my flatbread and another 3-5 mins to bake it. He had to manually tear the toppings into smaller pieces to fit onto the dough. I mean, these topping should already be pre-cut. We were the only ones in line so it didn't matter but I can't imagine what it would look like during rush hour.

Lastly, their drinks is actually what makes them special IMO. Their unique sodas and teas are totally worth a try!
came here for lunch and it was fairly quick and not crowded at all. i got a create your own pie and it was pretty yummy but def not my favorite CYO pizza place in the area

i personally thought the pepperonis were way too big but and i had to ask for extra cheese bc i thought there was barely on there. 

all in all, it was decent but i wasn't in love with the ingredients tbh but to each his own!
I have only tried the American Honey...and it is delish. It is one of the best pizzas I have ever had. I like the size of the pizza. The flavor is just right!
i had a very good experience in university city but this location has people that don't give a shit. they tell you they ran out of dough. even when they are literally making pizzas for their own homes to take after their work shifts. they force you out of the building when it's fucking 20 degrees outside. 

and you know what's crazy?

the girls and guys in &pizza laughed at us because we were waiting outside. they pointed at us and they laughed at us. today is thursday 12/6 so please check who was on shift then. they were both black american (?). 

we got in our lyft. but we were freezing. and &pizza is corrupted by careless workers.
I don't come here enough, but I love it. Good size for a personal pizza, good toppings, classic and basic options as well as some unique options. 

They also have gluten free and whole grain options which I love. 

Location is central and on Friday and Saturday it's open late night so you can get some pizza when you're drunk aka what I did last night!!!

Staff is nice, lots of seating, reasonably priced! I'm in. Highly recommend.
Really great pizza, they'll get the kinks ironed out! I stopped in to try this new pizza joint yesterday and the concept is perfect for the location and city, 9.49$ for whatever you want on your pizza with real fresh ingredients. The staff was all super friendly, and there was a lot of them (as there always is on an opening day) which I think led to my particular mishap.  I ordered a Hawaiian jack pie with mushrooms and everything looked great coming out of the oven (they show you your pizza when it comes out of the oven) then some more staff showed up to Slice the pies and I ended up getting handed a cheese pizza (in my Togo box) My bad for not checking it, so I made it a block before I couldn't wait to see it anymore and my Hawaiian was cheese! Bummer. Went back and they quickly whipped me up a new one and off I went. 

It's for sure a 5 star quick serve pizza place (my little mishap happens) but I'll update my review when I try some of the other pizzas on the menu!
&PIZZA. Great place. Was at the VIP opening lastnight. Hung out with Mike Lastora(CEO), David Tress(GM) and a bunch of other nice ppl celebrating this new establishment to the Philly area. Guess i shouldn't leave out the pizza. Pretty much had a taste of all available. However The Maverick (Meat Lovers) was a hit with me. Must admit i was surprised that i liked The Elvis. But don't take my word for it stop by &PIZZA to taste and see for yourself.
How can someone make bad pizza, just visit &pizza. In a city like Philadelphia when you have pizza maestros like Vetri, Barbuzzo, Nomad and SnapPizza, this place definitely needs to up their game! I ordered 2 pizzas and they were both literally tasteless. The sauce has no taste. Very disappointed. With the amount of space they have in center city, this would be my go to place if they had good food!
For the past few years, I've listened to my DC friends (especially my vegetarian/vegan friends) rave about &pizza, so I was pretty psyched to see one open up in Philly. Since the first time I went last month, I've become addicted and really make just about any excuse to go. The "moonstruck" mushroom pizza is just incredible - there is something about the combination of sauteed mushrooms, creamy ricotta, caramelized onions, and a sweet balsamic drizzle that just keeps reeling me back. 

The space has a lot of seating and a very open layout, with communal tables that can easily accommodate larger parties. Each pizza comes with 8 "slices" - we usually order two pizzas between three people, which comes out to a reasonable $7-8 per person. The pizzas are made reasonably quickly - it takes about 5 minutes to order, choose toppings, and pay, then another 5-10 minutes or so for the pizza to be baked and prepped to serve.

My only caveat that I can't wrap my head around is that the place has plastic cups and an option on the soda machine for water, but they won't give you a cup for water and instead direct you to their artisan bottles of water and artisan bottles of teas/juices if you want a non-soda drink option. (The selection of house-made sodas are pretty fun though.) Also, to me, the crust always tastes a bit flat, as if the dough didn't have enough time to proof, though that is perhaps more of a personal preference - and one that I'll gladly overlook in favor of the delicious and diet restriction-friendly toppings options, fairly fast service, and convenient location.
This place is by far the BEST place to get pizza! The freshest ingredients, the nicest staff ever. I wish I could give it more stars their sodas taste like sparkling fruit water, so delicious!!! Definitely check it out.
I came here tonight after multiple people who live in my building down the street have tried this pizza place and really like their pizza me how much they enjoy it!  I tried the thin crust, make your own pizza so I got the wheat or multi grain crust with marinara, cheese, chicken, meatballs, some pineapple and final last toppings, the arugula and basil added a lot of flavor!  I thought it was very tasty and I enjoyed it, I ate my pizza in one sitting and I would return.  I'm definitely a fan of thin crust pizza, I love Slice's pizza in CC and Jules Thin Crust in the burbs so I really enjoyed the pizza, but here are my suggestions as to how to improve things:  

Offer diet or low calorie soft drinks or other beverages in addition to the current beverage options 

$13 for a personal pizza and a bottle of water isn't bad but I would want to come back sooner if it were closer to $10, that's what I'd pay at Slice 

The customer service could have been better- a smile and enthusiasm goes a long way and that was lacking here today...

Okay- if you're going to charge extra for adding shrimp, don't charge $4 extra!  That's a bit too much, give a better deal, if you did, I would have ordered the shrimp topping but it was a little pricey.

All in all, not a bad deal!  I won't hesitate to come back, or order delivery.  Good neighborhood pizza joint!  I hope my next experience has me coming back to give 5 stars because the pizza is worthy of 5 stars!
I work across the street and after eyeing the place for a long time, I finally treated myself to &Pizza! 

First of all, the two guys working were super nice and greeted everyone with a smile and upbeat attitude. Good customer service goes a long way.
I ordered the "gnarlic" pizza. Their personal size pizza is just enough. You can add whatever toppings you wish for basically no additional cost.

I'd say the price is pretty standard for the quality of food you're getting. around $10 plus tax.

All in all, this is a great establishment for if you want something to go, or to eat in. Won't break the bank (or your waist line!).
The pizza tastes exactly like it does in dc so that's awesome. The atmosphere is very different tho. I feel that companies who come into new areas try so desperately to capture the local culture but always goof on it. It had a very clinical feel with all black and white and the music was deafening. So pizza 5 stars, atmosphere 1, which is why I can only give 3 stars overall.
Absolutely love &pizza. Online ordering is fast and ready! So many vegan and vegetarian options. I have already been here a few times and plan to make many more trips in the future.
After my last review describing my disappointed in my pre-ordered pizza being cold when I picked it up and  saying that was unacceptable  (I had ordered one the week before and that was fine), I was messaged by a manager who agreed that it certainly was not acceptable and that he would take steps to rectify the pre-ordering system.  I told him, I would try again and I did. I am happy to say the pizza was hot and fabulous.  I designed my own with garlic ricotta, mozzarella, grilled onions, mushrooms, tomatoes and balsamic drizzle.  And while the pizza was excellent, what was even better is management that cares.
OH MY GOD BEST PIZZA PLACE EVER!!!!!!! 
local business, super fresh, super delicious... fast pizza! OUTSTANDING people working. i had a little hiccup with my order and the manager Sam fixed it immediately -- went out of his way and so much more ! i can't thank the kind workers enough. i wish i took a picture of my fantastic pizza. i ordered the moonstruck and the farmer's daughter. MmmmMmM. i was sharing with 2 other people and it was gobbled up in minutes. amazing mint tea too! i wish i got to try their cereal milk cream soda! i work around the corner and i will definitely choose &pizza over other pizza places nearby. 
also -- coolest interior design and light design outside!
Really cool and trendy place with modern music. The staff is really friendly and funny. 
Each pizza will be announced in a style like a barker at the market.

Price and quality are really reasonable. I ordered a pineapple jack pizza which was delicious. I live close to &pizza and will be definitively not my last visit.
It is a place which I will recommend to friends and co-workers.

Nice place!
I'm originally from the DMV so my first experience going to &pizza was in Virginia. Thank goodness for that or else I would have only had this horrible experience to base the company off of. My girlfriend, friends, and myself all went here tonight and the place was empty. Despite this fact, the employees seemed very disorganized and confused. It honestly felt like it was their first day on the job. They were very stingy with the toppings compared to the more established Virginia location I had been to. The man who I assume to be the manager literally just stood there laughing while these blind baby deer of employees stumbled over their tasks. I sat down to eat my pizza and needed a side of ranch. So I go back to the beginning of the assembly line because there were no customers there and two employees who were just standing around chatting told me I needed to go to the end of the line to ask differently people for the ranch, where a group of folks were waiting to pay for their pizzas. I'm not sure if they felt they weren't up to the task to squirt some ranch into a bottle or that it was below them. Either way it was rude. Then when it was time to leave I went to the counter to request a box and there were NO employees in site. Not a single one. Around five minutes later three of them popped out from a back room. Needless to say the pizza was almost as good as it was in the DMV but the customer service is absolutely terrible and cannot be compared to the DMV. I suggest making some changes to how this store is being run.
While the inside of this restaurant is designed so that it looks very inviting (bright lights, lots of white, simple), that's almost all that it has going for it. The oval shaped pizza is a nice touch that gives it something unique, but I feel that the restaurant relies too much on the aesthetic appeal of its interior, menu, and pizzas, rather than the taste. Not to say that their taste is bad (it's pretty good), but their size (slightly smaller than most) and selection of toppings (not as varied as most) makes it hard to justify the price (~$10). That said, they do have a good variety of bases and meats. 

If you're looking for a make-your-own pizza place, check out SNAP pizza nearby.
Fancy pizza. Chipotle for pizza is a good assessment. Very modern and clean restaurant with tons of seating. Great service, very friendly staff. You can either order pre-selected toppings or build your own for about $10. The service is very fast, and after you pick your toppings, it goes in a small conveyor belt oven and heats up in about a minute. The pizza is an oval shape, thin crust, and very tasty. Drink-wise there is a selection of craft soda, but none of it really stood out. In addition, there is sparkling water and iced tea. The black cherry cola just reminded me of cherry coke. 

My only suggestion is chopping up the basil. Not feeling the full on leaves and just picking it apart yourself.
I ordered online the second day they opened, selecting a time  1/2 hour after I ordered.  When I arrived, I was told they were just sent the order and I would have to wait. The manager (?) was very apologetic and I attributed this to needing to get the kinks out. There was a very long line.  The pizza itself was delicious.  I ordered online again today, this time selecting a time 45 minutes in advance. This time, my pizza was ready
 In fact when I got home, a block away, it was ice cold 
 Apparently, it had been made within a few minutes of receiving the order without checking the pickup time. They only had a few customers, so they could have waited to prepare my pizza . Being given a cold pizza is not acceptable.  I can't say how this  pizza is, because it's heating up in the oven.
Delicious food and a very nice atmosphere. David who helped us was hilarious and made the experience that much better.
This place is the bomb.com! End of story. There's nothing bad to say about this place at all. Go and find out for yourself!!
