This review will echo other reviews so... you've been warned. I came to Raw on a GNO with my friend. She's a vegetarian and recommended this place as a middle ground for us since I'm her carnivorous friend. We were seated quickly on a Sunday night. There were only about 3 other pairs in the place (I didn't see the outside dining area but I hear it's really nice). I really liked the modern feel to the restaurant. Our server greeted us right away. He didn't introduce himself or recommend any dishes in particular; however, he did inform us of the specialty sushi, but $19 for 8 pieces seemed a bit overpriced for my taste. So we ordered a la carte. She got the veggie sushi platter and said it was great. I got the beef negimaki and shrimp tempura sushi rolls (6). So good I ate it all and happily didn't have to share :) Our cocktails were also pretty good. 4/5 for Raw. Yeah it's pricey for sushi but really really good.
It would have been helpful to know that white tuna (aka, butterfish) is known for causing digestion issues... especially since I ordered the white tiger roll, loaded with white tuna, about an hour before I had to pedal my company's wares for three hours at an exhibit hall cocktail party nearby.  

That information would have been useful.  Never again!

Last week's dinner/gastrointestinal lesson was my second time trying Raw.  My first visit was at least two years ago, during the dreaded Restaurant Week.  On that occasion, my friend and I had to send cocktails back twice and put up with a know-it-all server who insisted that eel could not be removed from (the top of) a specialty roll because "it would compromise the flavors of the roll." Although we did enjoy most of the dishes we ended up ordering that night, the experience as a whole fell flat and I did not return...

Until last week.  I was in the area and had time to kill, so I pulled out my iPhone and utilized my yelp app to find a nearby sushi restaurant.  Raw was very close, and since it had been so long since my last visit, I decided to give it another try.  My server was great, and repeated the specials several times at my request because I couldn't decide.  I usually stick with regular tuna or even yellowtail, but something on this evening told me to go balls to the wall and try something different.  Enter the aforementioned white tiger roll.  In fairness, I enjoyed the roll, although I still preferred the taste of regular tuna to the fattier consistency of white tuna.  

The roll, a bowl of miso soup and a cosmo ended up costing a quick forty bucks, including tip.  I wish I could point my finger and blame it on the ambiance, or the location or something... but I can not.  I'm just not all that impressed and I think there is better sushi to be had, in swankier digs, around the city at the same price.
Wow, I must have really been holding a grudge about that white tuna from back in the day, because it took more than ten years to give 1225Raw (formerly just Raw, I think?) another shot. Originally, we planned to order from another restaurant that we love, but the wait time was nearly three hours long for delivery on a Saturday night! We looked at other options and decided to give 1225Raw a try. I'm so glad we did, because we had a really solid experience. 

We ordered: pork gyoza, shrimp robatayaki, bulgogi robatayaki, spicy tuna roll, yellowtail jalapeño roll, shrimp tempura roll and cali katsu roll. I thought the robatayaki was a little skimpy, however, it was delicious. Next time, we'll probably go with two per person. 

The rolls were all really delish. Super fresh and lots of flavor. I would definitely order all of these again. There was plenty of ginger and super spicy wasabi packed alongside, too. 

Happy to have this spot back on my radar and will definitely think of them again for sushi. In fact, since I first drafted this review last week, we've already ordered again and had another great experience!
Looking for a nice meal a bit later in the evening, JJ and I found our way to Raw.  We'd heard good things, but didn't come in with huge expectations as we were both hungry.  

Honestly, the tone of our experience was set once seated.  We were greeted and given menus, then had to wait at least 10 minutes before we saw the waiter again.  That might have been acceptable in a crowded restaurant, but not in one with nearly every other table empty and most people finishing their meals.  Once we ordered, the poor service continued without attempts to make us feel even somewhat welcomed.

I'm sure the evening (and Raw) could have been saved had the food just blown us away.  Instead four nasty gyozas, a few average rolls, and some bad soba did nothing but add to the regret that we chose this place.  Since we don't like wasting food, we took leftovers to go.  However, the server just threw them in a bag, so of course the soba leaked all over the bag, causing our poor experience to extend beyond the restaurant!
Raw was a lovely place to spend my "23rd" birthday.  

In fact, I may have to fly back to Philly *just* for the sushi here.  It was melt-in-your-mouth yummy!  I casually mentioned that it was my birthday (and coincidentally, it was the chef's birthday too), and they gave me banana and ice cream for dessert...on the house.  Yay!

Note: I *am* awesome, so I can't guarantee that they'll be hookin' everyone up with birf-day treats.

Also, their bathroom is beautifully designed and hella clean.

Schweet :D
Based this past experience I gotta downgrade to 2 stars.  I bought the Ruelala omakase deal before I'd ever been to Raw. I'm not a huge fan of Raw but I didn't want to let the voucher go to waste. 

I made reservations and confirmed that we'd be having the Ruelala deal.  This time, my issue does not lie with the quality of the food. It lies with the quantity of  food, atmosphere and service.  To start, we were served a very small piece of salmon. Next up was a bite of crab wrapped in whitefish.  Then striped bass carpaccio (tiny).  Then a decently sized portion of risotto/steak/one scallop/one shrimp.  Our 1 scallop was dry and rubbery but the rest of the food was good.  Then we got a small bowl of green tea ice cream at the end. The food came with 3 shot glasses of sake. 

NOW....about the service and timing of the food...AWFUL.  Right after we were seated, the 1st course came out.  We didn't even have our drinks yet.  Then the sake came out, but not the water we'd asked for.  Then the beer that we ordered arrived and still no water - had to ask again for water.  Then the 2nd, then the 3rd courses came out in rapid succession.  I figured at this rate, we'd be in & out pretty quickly.  WRONG.  We were stuck there for 2 hours.  I don't even know how much time elapsed between the 3rd & 4th course, but even averaged out, 5 courses in 120 minutes would be 24 minutes between each course.  Twenty-four minutes between each literal BITE of food.  I was so antsy that I wanted to leave without waiting around for the last 2 courses. 

Atmosphere: Dear Raw, could you remove a few tables please?? The tables are RIGHT NEXT to each other.  It's uncomfortable.  It's awkward. It's not romantic or intimate. The girl sitting next to me had her coat & bag all over my seat (probably because there was no room for it elsewhere), and upon being escorted to my seat I had to move it over (she wasn't paying attention).  

I have no desire to return to Raw. If they want to be a high class sushi joint, they need to get their shit together.  Train your servers better.  School the kitchen on proper timing between courses.  Remove a few tables.
Uuuugh there's nothing worse than mediocre, overpriced sushi. 

We walked in late on a Saturday night in our grubbiest apparel - shorts and flip flops, and got the lookup lookdown from the hostesses and waiters. Puhleeeease this ain't no Morimoto eyerolllllll.

Everything about the meal was mediocre, service: average, including a wrong order. Sushi: blah. Our eel cucumber roll was 60% cucumber, and the cucumber was chunky, like a salad in my sushi, what iiis that. Waitress: curt, turn that frown upside down m'lady.

But the crowd... I can't blame Raw for it but there is something so annoying about Asian guys wearing button up shirts with the first 3 buttons undone. Complete your outfit with a gold chain around your neck and a tacky earring, why don't you. And Asian girls, don't think that just because you're tiny I can't see your crotch in that too short dress. I don't want to see that kind of fish at a sushi bar.

I don't hate my kind, I swear... I've only got pet peeves.
Came here for a friend's birthday party was given a room in the back of the restaurant at no extra charge. Nice space - interesting changing light screens of Japanese anime, fish, etc. 

Sushi was great across the board - no complaints from anyone in our party of 20! White Tiger was by far the best!
1225Raw is a small sushi spot on Sansom street. It's large for a sushi spot but then throw in a full service bar and that takes up a lot of space. They have courtyard patio but don't bank on that with inclement weather. 

Their 2018 Sips deal drew me in recently. Yes, I said Sips. When you are a local older than 22, Sips is all about the food. Their appetizer and roll menu was a deal. I was able to get a California roll and Spicy Tuna roll at $4 a pop. They were standard in taste and size, but absolutely worth it for hh. 

It was raining so it was full at the bar. The staff seemed a little overwhelmed and got confused with food orders.

Pro tip: it seemed like there was no sink in their single stall bathroom, but just run your hands under the structure across from the toilet and water will come out.

There was a whole back room near the restroom being used for storage. What a shame. The space would've been nice. 

I had a pleasant experience and got a good deal, but there is nothing getting me to rush back.
If I were Carrie Bradshaw circa 2001 I would go nuts over this place. Alas, I am Carrie E. and this is Philly 2008, not NYC, so I'm a little more subdued.

Great sushi, albeit a bit pricey, and an exceptional sake menu that just might be one of the best in the city. I echo the previous concerns about the plating; the dishes were just a bit too big for the tables and the whole sushi mojo was thrown off just a bit. And I wish they'd do away with the television in the dining room; it was majorly distracting. I  was trying to concentrate on my husband but kept being lured away by George Clooney and Brad Pitt in "Oceans 11."  Not cool.

Love the bathroom sinks, though. I'm sure there's a lot of shenanigans to be had in the bathrooms. Too bad this distracts from the quality of food being served to the beautiful people upstairs...
It is not my new favorite sushi place. 

I was excited to try it because I had heard so many good things, but it  felt too sceney and a little contrived. The bartender was very attentive to the group of single women next to us; not so attentive to my wife and I.

The tables are jammed pretty close together so it felt more like a country buffet than an intimate dining experience...which brings me to something that really bothered me. The plating of the food was well done, but the size of the plates were out of proportion to the tables. Our neighbor's plates were almost on our table. I know that this criticism is pretty nitpicky, but the presentation of sushi and the detail of the food are just as important as the taste of the meal.

The food was good and the combo rolls presented interesting tastes.

I must add that their urinals are not for the pee-shy. I had the feeling that a sake-soaked salary man was going to step up next to me and sing some karaoke.
What's with the hype? I came here with a group of friends one night and since I was not too hungry I decided to order a salad and the spider roll. What a let down. I had heard such good things about this place and I was shocked by how disgusting the food was let alone the poor service. 

My salad was totally under dressed but since our waitress never came back until the sushi was ready, I didn't get to ask for more dressing. My spider roll came and with one bite it tasted funky. I couldn't even eat it, it was that off. I love soft shell crab and have eaten it enough to know what it should taste like. When our waitress finally returned to collect the plates, again never having checked on us until, she asked me are you done? I responded that it was off and inedible. She looked at me crooked and simply said oh. No offer of an alternative. No I'm so sorry let me take it off the bill. Nothing. 

With so many other sushi places to eat in this city, Aki is even one block away, I would never eat here again. Grossly overpriced. Rude waitress.
Came here Saturday night with 8:30pm reservations.  The staff were friendly but seemed a bit frantic and rushed.  The host practically RAN to lead us to our table in the back; it was almost hard to keep pace with him! Service was attentive, but we were waited on by multiple people throughout the night and everyone seemed rushed.  We were seated in the back room.  Tables are fairly close together and we were sandwiched between a pack of overgrown bros who kept loudly talking about balls and teabagging (oh, you so crazy!) and another table where a 60-ish couple were clearly on an awkward first date. It was uncomfortable to listen to them talk about their therapists all night. 

I ordered the Pink Bubbly cocktail to start. It was in fact pink but not bubbly.  It was served in a martini glass instead of a champagne flute, so perhaps the sparkling wine went flat.  It was just a flat, overly sweet cocktail.  We started with the Tempura Rock Shrimp appetizer.  It was a generous portion of fresh tasting tender shrimp with 3 dipping sauces.  The flavors of the sauces were muted, could have used some more spice or heat.  

I was not impressed with my rolls.  The Arina roll was tasty, but there was a lot going on.  There was too much extra stuff, the flavor of the tuna didn't shine through. It was not worth $19.  My crunchy tuna roll did not impress.  The tuna didn't seem very high quality or fresh.

Raw is a lot of glitz and not much substance. I have no problem paying a lot of money for high quality sushi.  For what you pay, you're MUCH better off just going to Morimoto where the service and quality of the fish FAR exceeds Raw.  If you just want to pig out on tasty rolls, you're better off going somewhere like Makiman where at least the price more accurately reflects the quality of the food.
This review is just for Center City Sips, and just for the tasty bits they include on their menu. 

The drinks are the deal of the century. $2 bottles, $3 wine, $4 cocktails are some of my favorite in the Center City Sips - "Sake Tango" and "Pink Bubbly" (resembling a cosmo/champagne mash-up with frozen fruit. YUM.) Their $3 apts are ok for the price, but haven't exactly lulled me into staying for dinner. 

We've gotten everything on their list for apts except the California rolls, and I'd say the Spicy tuna rolls and the chicken bites were the weak points, tasting a little pre-made, and lacking in any real interest or intrigue. 

The Shrimp shumai and Pork dumplings, on the other hand, rocked my world. I know what people mean when they're talking about the attitude. This place is too cool for school, but the ambiance is great, and if you're there before 6, you're probably getting good real estate near the bar or in the court yard. PLUS, they have a court yard.
Great place for happy hour!! They have fun cocktails for $6 during that time and they are pretty strong. 

Came here around 6 PM with a friend. She had the rocky shrimp, which I thought was really quite good. If you're a fan of shrimp --or coconut shrimp-- you'll probably really like this dish as well. She also ordered a sushi roll from the happy hour menu.

I ordered the vegetable tempura udon and although it was a bit pricey, I did enjoy it. The noodles weren't too hard or too soft and the vegetable tempura tasted quite nice and not too soggy in the soup. The actual soup was not salty. Overall this was a mild dish and pretty soothing for a cold day. 

The restaurant is decorated with Japanese newspapers and comic strips on the walls. There is a red hue and the atmosphere is great. My only complaint is that the chairs are a bit too low for the table and that the restaurant is a bit pricey. However, if you're there during happy hour, I'd say their prices are quite a steal.
Raw is really a great time. Cool loungey feel, and great food. The crispy spring rolls are always delicious as is the spicy crunchy tuna and my favorite, Spider Roll (soft shell crab tempura). The fish is always very fresh, the chefs are fast and the staff is very helpful. It's slightly less expensive than Haru so I'll typically go here to curb a sushi craving when my wallet is feeling light.
I went here for my birthday not too long ago. It was a superb meal, the best sushi I've had in Philly. I started with miso soup, nice and light. Then edamame and gyoza, both delicious. 

Then I had the sushi raw deluxe platter, which is about 15 pieces of assorted sushi. All of it was very fresh and beautifully crafted. It was the first time I had eel and I loved it. 

The waiter brought me some green tea ice cream and fried bananas for dessert. I had a massive quantity of food, all of it impressive. Nice interior as well.
i have been wanting to try raw for awhile and finally got treated to a splendid lunch here.  this place is tucked away and offers a serene calming environment. the decor is quite nice and there are big roomy booths for people to sit, chat and relax. the staff was helpful and friendly.

i was here for my bday lunch and it was a weekday and was not crowded with the usual center city crowd. i particularly enjoyed sipping my miso soup while listening to old skool rap and krunkin. no lie. i kid you not! it wasn't blaring, but needless to  say it was kind of amusing to be eating the delicate pieces of sushi while DMX is rapping. "X gonna give it to 'ya" "can you pass the wasabi?" not a good mashup...

the lunch box specials have a lot of food and come with soup and/or salad. this place is pricier than shiroi hana (which is total yums), but totally less crowded and has that LA hip lounge feel. 

i got the tuna combo platter. the fish was fresh and everything was presented well.

the waitress was told it was my bday and they brought out fried bananas for us all topped with honey and green tea ice cream on the house! i felt that was quite a nice gesture and i am one girl who never says no to dessert!

the lunch combos and lunch boxes are the better deal since they give you a great deal of food, especially with the soup and salad. i wish you can pick and choose your choice of sushi, but they have quite a variety of lunchbox/combos.

oh, the dessert they gave me thumbs up and i am not just saying that since it was on the haus! :)
Upon reading the positive reviews, I felt compelled to bring my visiting girlfriend and friend (who had just flown up from Florida) to RAW.  

Having opted for RAW over MORIMOTO, I was hoping to enjoy a truly memorable dining experience before a late-night event.  

One week prior, I had booked a reservation at 9:30 for three guests.  Upon arriving just before 9:30, there were two other parties waiting on the small bench in the foyer.  I checked with the pair of hostesses to see how long it would be to get seated... 15 minutes.  

Being a general manager at a high-volume upscale restaurant, I understand 15 minutes is more than acceptable even for a reservation on a saturday night.  However, at 10:15 - 45 minutes after my reservation - I was unequivocally perplexed as to why every walk-in party and later reservation was being seated before us.  

10:30 rolled around and I was embarrassed to have brought my guests to this establishment.  

Finally, the young manager approached the host stand to check-in around the same time.  I explained to him my situation, and hoped that he would see to it that we were seated promptly (as we had an event to attend at 11:30).  The manager seemed concerned and spoke to the host, "Next time, don't seat in the order of guests walking in, but seat reservations first."  Obviously, this is sound advice, but were the hostesses truly unaware of this practice?  Considering the size of this establishment and the fact that only three other parties had been waiting with us in the foyer, it is mind-boggling that the hosts neglected us for nearly an hour.  

As the manager struggled to find us a table, other reservations continued to be seated in front us.  Despite the manager's attempt to reassure us that a table would be cleaned soon, it was too little too late... especially on an evening in which I truly wanted to impress my girlfriend and great friend who had flown over 1000 miles to visit Philly for the first time.  

It is truly a shame that I was unable to try RAW's sushi.  Honest mistakes happen in this industry.  I understand.  Repeated mistakes in a brief time-span are due to an overwhelming and shocking lack of awareness at the host stand.  Perhaps the actions of the hostesses are a direct a result of poor training and/or development of potentially valued employees.  Perhaps this was merely a coincidental perfect storm of events... I'll stand behind my first assumption.

Regardless, the manager seemed genuine in his concern for the situation, but failed to take any appropriate steps to assure us that we were being taken care of.  Even though, I was still waiting 1 HOUR after my reservation, it goes without saying that reservations not seated on time need extra attention.  In any restaurant I've managed, any reservation that cannot be seated within 15 minutes of the respective time will receive a management visit and complimentary starters or drinks.  Small gestures like this go a long way... perhaps enviable service flow, effective communication and genuine hospitality will one day define the RAW experience... just not on this special evening.
This is specifically a review for the happy hour here, which was very impressive! I had a Sapporo ($3), a specialty lychee cocktail ($5), green salad w/ ginger dressing, shrimp shumai, and two rolls (tuna w/ jalapeno and salmon w/ avocado) for under $30!!! And to make it even sweeter, their outside patio is incredible. Its tucked away on Sansom street so its shielded from lots of city noise. They have lots of long picnic tables, so a perfect place to bring groups. The hanging lights made it look so welcoming too! 

The inside of the restaurant looked really trendy and I would come back to try dinner without a doubt!
Raw Sushi and Sake Lounge was recommended to my boyfriend and I by the hotel we were staying at while in Philadelphia. Since I was craving sushi and Raw Sushi received decent reviews, I made reservations for us to come here for dinner the night we were staying in the city. 

What I loved about this restaurant was how hit and cool it was on the inside. The lights were on low, candles all about and it was so quiet inside (compared to the noisy city outside). I was surprised that they weren't very busy the night we came in and we probably could have done without reservations, but better safe then sorry. 

For food I ordered the Rainbow Roll, a side salad and I split Edamame with the boyfriend. My boyfriend ordered a couple of Avocado Rolls and Miso Soup. We both really enjoyed our food and it was fresh and tasty. 

Service here was great and I liked our server. 

I'd recommend this place if and when you're in Philadelphia!

Cheers!
Food...pretty pretty pretty good. 

Service? Piss Poor. Horrid Host who tried to make us share a table with two other people we didn't even know. When all parties refused, he huffed off. We were about to leave, then the manager got us a table. We should have just left.

The waiter was decent but like the "Magic Man" (now you see him, now you don't) but this place is just trying too damn hard.  Not everyone wants a NYC-Wannabe lounge to eat sushi in. Too bad, cause the food is fab.

Unfortunately, the rudness of the people working there was so off-putting, I doubt I will ever go back. Too bad for me I guess.
I've only been to Raw three or four times, but I really do think it's among the best sushi places in the city.  Some positives:

1. good food (including really yummy seaweed salad)
2. a variety of choices for vegetarians and non-sushi eaters
3. pretty setting, nice for a date or for happy hour with friends/coworkers
4. really cool outdoor lounge

One thing you should know: the place gets really crowded at dinner time.  I recently had a lunch date here with my husband and there was almost no crowd.  The lunch specials were huge, delicious, and well-priced, and the service was great.  If you're into sushi and want to beat the crowd, I definitely recommend trying it at lunch time.
Times change, and Raw has lost that fantastic glitz it had when it first opened. Yes, the samurai in the lavatory is still the coolest thing we've seen in a public bathroom, and the flat granite slab that serves as a co-ed sink is someday going to grace our home, but ambience isn't what we come for, we come for food.

The hot kitchen has suffered recently and that's been reflected in a menu that has dropped to a quarter the size it once was. The short lived tempura menu is no longer offered, a shame as the tempura was some of the best we'd tasted. 

The Sake menu has also started to suffer due to supplier issues, with some of our favorite sake's no longer available. There are still some great offerings (try the black bottle) but it's always a disappointment when your old 'standards' go by the wayside.

Luckily, there's Chef Sam.

Chef Sam will be the only reason this place pulls through from the gutting of the hot menu. His skill with sushi is amazing and on this visit we tried his interpretation of Beef Negemaki, which was delicious. The bartender that evening, Chris (one of our favorites so tip him well) suggested it be served with a small portion of rice and I agree, it would be perfect with the delicious sauce.

Sam's sushi is always delicious. Check with him to see what he's brought in fresh the day you go. White Tiger is delicious though a tad spicy for me, but Sam is always happy to cut back on the spice when requested to.

If Sam's not there on the night you go, we suggest you come back another day.

We'll be trying this place every so often to see what happens as Sam takes the reigns of the hot kitchen and the place gets it's feet back.

The bell hasn't tolled for Raw yet, but the hunchback and his hammer have started climbing the steps.
I wrote about this before but now I can't find the review so here I am writing it again. And this is before covid. 


The first time, it was pretty empty & it was just my friend and I and another couple at a table. We just got our appetizer when we hear one of the waitresses asking the boss (I spoke with the hostess when I left and learned he was the boss) a question and he starts cursing at her in Korean. I'm not Korean but my friend is & she said he was calling her pretty inappropriate things. The waitress seemed really upset & he kept going at her. I could see she was getting emotional and then in English he started berating her for being too sensitive. It was uncomfortable to witness. Then he starts yelling from the bar to the back where I think the kitchen is. He walks back there and We could hear him cursing and screaming. And he was really screaming. The other couple in the restaurant kept turning around and it was just a really awkward atmosphere.  We didn't finish our appetizers and left. 

The second time, the most recent time, I just flew in from TX & met up with a few of my co workers. We were originally going to go to Sampan but it was too crowded so we walked around till we arrived at Raw. I didn't want to go in because of how awkward it was before but majority voted to so I went in. 

We're greeted by a really nice hostess and our waiter comes and gets our order. Once again, it seems pretty empty. Just a couple of tables. Everyone seemed in good spirits though until the boss comes in about 30 minutes after we did. Everyone's faces change and the vibe changed. He's walking from the sushi bar yelling at his employees, just really being open and not really caring for the loudness/tone of his voice. But it's his restaurant, I guess. Then he reaches the bar area and starts yelling at the bartender, starts shaking his head and pointing his finger at him. Our table starts to notice the weird tension forming in the place. Then again, he walks to the back to the kitchen and he's yelling. We heard him say and I quote "I don't give a f***, do as I say or get the f*** out" and starts screaming at whoever is back there to not talk back and etc. it was just so loud and we were seated by the front door, next to the sushi bar. 

We glance at the table next to us and they're awkwardly sitting there witnessing it all with us. You know how when you're a kid and your parent is yelling angrily at your sibling and you just sit there awkwardly? Yeah this was like that.  I really couldn't believe a "professional" nonetheless a manager would treat his employees with such disgusting behavior. I will never come back here because I can't support this unprofessional guy and I can't support how he openly verbally abuses employees. I don't understand how he manages to stay in business acting like that in front of customers, I mean the food from what I tried is mediocre at best. 

I wasn't even going to write this but it's been bothering me. I feel so bad for his employees and I really hope they find other employment where his boss isn't cursing at them and making them feel scared.
I've been to Raw for a few happy hours. As a happy hour venue, it's more cramped than I'd like, making it difficult to navigate the crowd if you want to see everyone (or if you're snapping photos).

Their appetizers are tasty but go quickly - there's less finger foods available if you're restricted to sushi (need chopsticks) and nacho chips don't need as much time (or a sushi chef) to prep.

Months later, I returned for dinner, which was amazing! The dishes we had (cooked or otherwise) were all delicious - love the gal bi (traditional *Korean* BBQ beef) and oysters! The variety of maki rolls we had were a treat too. One of my friends knew the staff/ownership (I forget if they were family or something else - wasn't sure of the relationship), so that COULD be why service (Kevin, and others - the owner even talked with us) was outstanding, and PROBABLY why a round of shots (and probably other items since I didn't examine the check in detail) were comped.
This place really has good food. The staff also works really hard in order to make the customer's experience well worth their time. I should know. I worked there for a brief amount of time. If you're going to try anything in the restaurant you have to go for the sushi specials. They are a little price-y but definitely worth the money. My favorite was the bellacucino roll or the wasabi lobster roll. They make some really good sushi there and the specialty rolls are definitely the way to go.
Raw- awesome atmosphere, mediocre sushi (at best). The sushi is over priced and I couldn't tell the difference between the sushi here and at Acme. The descriptions of their rolls sound great, but fall way short of your expectations. If you want quality sushi, then I would suggest Morimoto's. You get what you pay for!!!
I've been here many times for sips and the place has never been as crowded as some of the other nearby bars on Wednesday evenings. My favorite part though is the HH sushi deals. $3 for a veggie roll with 8 pieces and 3.5 for veggie tempura- Wowwww!!

My somewhat picky vegetarian sushi needs can finally be satisfied at an affordable price.
Raw is a nice sushi spot, but like Lena N. said...it's on the expensive side.  

I like their spicy tuna roll because it actually does have some heat to it.

I've tried a couple of their speciality rolls too which are creative, huge, and yummy.

The outdoor lounge is perfect for happy hour in the summertime, but can get overcrowded.   Nevertheless, the atmosphere is swanky enough to make you forget you're in Philly for a bit.  

All in all, Raw is a nice spot to chill in the summertime mainly b/c of the outdoor happy hour.  However, I just feel like there are more inexpensive and cooler places to go to for Raw fish year round.
I don't know if I've ever left a restaurant feeling as ripped off as I did at Raw...

Went for omakase with a coupon (cost $60) that claimed a friend and I would be receiving $120 worth of sushi and sake.

I don't even believe our meal was worth $60.

The first three courses of our '5-course' meal were each LITERALLY one TINY piece of fish that were MAYBE as big as the size of a sashimi.

The 4th course was about 5 spoonfuls of risotto with 2 absurdly tiny pieces of scallop and some shrimp (and a few TINY slivers of steak for my friend).

The 5th meal was about half a cup of ice-cream.

The 10 bites of food I had could have been pleasant if the restaurant hadn't claimed that it WAS WORTH $120.

DON'T GO HERE if you don't want to get ripped off.
One of the better sushi spots in the city but with a price tag to match - although not outside of reason. Overall I felt the food was better than average and the ambience was pretty cool. The highlight across the table was a crunchy tuna roll (with spicy tuna substituted in). As for the rest: 

Sashimi (Hamachi and Suzuki): Good but not great. The tuna was not the freshest and the person eating it said it tasted like it had not been defrosted in the best manner but this is from someone working in the fish industry. 

Sushi: 
Great: Crunchy Tuna roll made with Spicy Tuna 
Good: Rainbow Roll and Spider Roll 
Disappointing: Capital Roll and Oshinko Roll (OR - not surprising) 

The waitstaff was phenomenal. We didn't have a reservation but got seated in about 40 minutes. We wanted Saki bombs (that kind of a night) and although they didn't really have it (their glasses are too "fragile") they were creative in coming up with an alternate way to have our Saki bombs without causing destruction. 

I will definitely be back - but only if looking for a special place for sushi and not ordering takeout (a rare occurrence at times).
Excellent sushi, great service, and amazing saki menu. A good experience all in all.
Don't ask me why I went to Philly to have raw food. Or why I went with a pregnant woman who couldn't eat any, but sat there with her california roll attempting to live vicariously through me and my $10 Oh-Toro, which was small and nowhere near giving me the Oh-face.

It's trendy, it's got the red lantern theme and suede booths. Not really my style though. Someone told me I ordered wrong, that I should go with the platters or combos, but out of our 6 orders, shouldn't something stand out?
I was rather confused when I first walked in this place - was I in 1225 Raw or Sumo Robato? After finally asking the hostess, she informed me this establishment had BOTH. She didn't give much of an explanation, which I would have appreciated, but at least she answered my question. 

It was a pretty windy, but sunny day so my boyfriend and I chose to sit outside. It was pretty crowded at 7:30 pm on a Saturday night (rightfully so), but I think we got there just as someone was leaving because we were seated promptly.

We decided to get the Pork Sumo Dumplings (5 to an order), Bulgogi Sumo Buns (2 to an order), and we each got the Sumo Ramen. 

We were both very impressed with the dumplings! Although they offer both steamed and pan-fried, we chose the latter and were very content with our decision. They were honestly some of the best dumplings I have ever had. What really stood out was how well cooked they were. The dumplings were piping hot and the edges were nice and crispy. Highly recommended!

The Bulgogi Sumo Buns were good, but not the best I've ever had. Not sure if I would get them again. 

Thoughts on the Sumo Ramen? MEHHH. It was alright, but I have definitely had better. The pork was extremely tender, but the broth was underwhelming. It lacked in flavor and didn't do much for me.

Service was a little slow. We had to wave down our waiter a couple times. 

I feel like this place deserves a second try so I plan to go again, but there are definitely a couple things I would change: 1) INDOOR SEATING! It looked lively and much nicer inside 2) I plan to skip over the Sumo Robato menu (except maybe those dumplings) and try the 1225 Raw menu instead.
So I went here for NYE and LOVED it.. I wanted a fun place to relax and dance with a few good friends.  This was perfect!  I got a VIP table which was great because we sat up a little higher than the bar area and had a mini stage.  The sushi was awesome and the waitress was AMAZING... so attentive.   I had told her I was allergic to crustaceans and she was super accommodating about it (I have had problems with places mixing in the passed).  LOVE IT.. the outside bar area was awesome too.. it is like a mini oasis.
I've been to Raw for both lunch and dinner.  Two very different experiences and atmospheres.  Both were fantastic meals.

My wife and I went there for a last minute dinner on a late Spring Saturday night and sat at the bar (there is a bar and a sushi bar that are connected - if you sit at the bar, sit at the non-sushi part of the bar with more room and easier drink access).  We ordered some fantastic and creative sushi rolls, sensational sashimi, soup, sushi, a bunch of beers, and more fun rolls.  We love it all.  The lighting was perfectly dim, the music was very cool and loud enough to be "lounge-like" but not too loud to talk.  The bar tender gave us great advice for my beers and the rolls.  We had a fantastic dinner, we were not rushed, and we felt like we did very well for approximately $120.  We would go back there in a minute over Morimoto.

When I went there for lunch with a colleague of mine, we ordered a bunch of the things each of us liked best - whether it be sushi, sashimi, rolls, soup, salad, whatever.  All was very good and fresh.  For lunch, the service was fast, and the server was very helpful.  The mood of the place is not at all like dinner.  It is a great place to go for a business lunch as it is a bit expensive for just a lunch.
I really like this place but it's a bit pricier than my usual sushi spots (Makiman or Vic's) so I usually only come when I have a groupon/livingsocial voucher(which I have a few times, so watch out for those), or when it's happy hour.

HAPPY HOUR: This place is great for happy hour in the summer because of the awesome outdoor area and delicious cocktails (although last time I was there I saw a mouse, but hey what can you do, we live in a city).

DEAL ALERT: One thing that annoyed me was they won't let you use opentable points and a groupon/voucher, so you have to pick one, not a huge deal but a minor annoyance. But on the other hand, the fact that they take your groupon/voucher number when you arrive is kind of nice because you don't awkwardly have to send your waiter back with your phone, have them writing down the number, or track them down to fix the bill if they charge you before applying the deal.

VIBE:This place has a nice atmosphere, it's definitely no hole in the wall sushi place, but you also won't feel uncomfortable if you're not dressed up, which is nice.

FOOD:
The vegetable tempura appetizer is pretty big and awesome. Lots of veggies and tempura'd noodles which is kinda cool and crunchy and delicious.

I've tried the sushi set which is a good deal, and they have really good special rolls too.

VERDICT:Good service, good food, good atmosphere. Will be back!
Raw is hard for me. The seating area is kind of awkward.  The service seems sort of impersonal. But the food is good in presentation and quality.  It's not my favorite sushi place in Philly.  It's not even my third favorite.  But I find myself eating here at least every other month for lunch - the service is fast and I know what I'm getting.  Not sure I'd go for dinner on purpose.

I typically get the bento box and an extra roll on the side (can't be a bull by eating like a field mouse).  Big fan of the sweet potato in the vegetable tempura - and any time you wrap shrimp in bacon you are going to catch my attention.  

Anyway - not my favorite - but its the kind of place you take clients to lunch... it's a descent meal and you know what you're getting.  But if you're looking to get your sushi loving socks knocked off - I've got some other ideas for you.

PS - my nine year old loves this place - don't shy away from dragging kids.  It's laid back and there is plenty of space between the booths.
We had a great dinner -- at Charlie Was A Sinner, a vegan place about a block away -- after having spent some 20 minutes without ever having a waiter to bother to speak with us and watching other tables, seated after us, not only giving orders but receiving drinks.  

Perhaps we're not the kind of trendy folks they prefer to serve, or something.  

Whatever.  

And we had reservations.
Highly disappointing. A party of 5 of us sat down at 6:30 p.m. for dinner. At 7 p.m. we got our two salad appetizers. We then waited until 7:45 p.m. to get our meals - all sushi. We then asked when we were going to get our meals, "it's next to come out," the waitress said. 15 minutes later we FINALLY got our meals. We ordered a side of spicy mayo and a side of eel sauce and got charged to us- unbeknownst to us. Awful service will NEVER be back! It was a 2 hour meal for a fast food quality sushi. AWFUL!
Ambiance: 5 stars
Everything else: 2 stars. 

So come here for like center city sips or happy hour or because you're renting the room for your birthday and you've got money to drain. 

Here's my main BEEF with the sushi place. We asked what that happy hour specials were. The waitress told us that the happy hour specials were only for people sitting at the bar. I almost got up to walk the one foot over to the bar. Isn't that freakin' ridiculous?! HAPPY HOUR SHOULD BE FOR THE WHOLE RESTAURANT. Duh.

Five stars for being class-A d-bags. Is that too harsh? Yeah. You won't find this eloquent review in the city paper. But at least I'm being real, people.
Do not recommend.
Two stars overall.  (I factored in ambience)

Probably one star for Japanese cuisine.  

It's a nice place.  It's misleading though.  The prices all seem reasonable, but the portions and taste is quite a disappointment.   The gyozas are the top two worst gyozas I have ever had.  It's grease filled for being pan fried and four dinky pieces for $7 bucks - NOT worth a single cent.

The spider roll was pretty bad too.  It was just rice and lettuce and avocado -  5 pieces of that for $10.   First spider roll I have had that no eel sauce or any house made condiments for that matter.  My plain soba was pretty bad too.  Buckwheat soba noodles with watered down soba sauce you can find at pretty much Asian grocery store.   If you want soba, go to Chinatown and get a huge pack of soba (imported from Japan) and soba sauce for less than $10 and make it in your own.  It'll taste much better.  I understand labor factors into costs, but no one should have to pay for crappy labor.

The service was so bad.  He doesn't refill water.  He asks MF when he was walking back to our table from the bathroom if he wanted to pay the bill. I heard from afar.  1.  What if I wanted something else? 2.  What if I was paying becausr it was his birthday?
I have never had a server that didn't ask the table, "would you like anything else?" Or anything of that nature until this person.  He did it to the sane thing to the table next to us too. 

Doggie bag:  please bring my soup shit back right side up.  The oaf brought it back with the bowl flipped over and broth started leaking out.

Downstairs women's bathroom?  Gross.   Crumbles tolilet papers in the stalls, people not flushing, and not to mention, it smells like stale urine.  I've been to night clubs and rest stop restrooms cleaner than this place.  They for sure aren't as fancy, but they don't smell putrid and the stalls aren't riddled with tissues crusted of human excrement.

I don't really regret giving this place a try, but I know I probably will regret going back.  It's one if those things where it's okay to make mistakes, it's when you don't learn from them is when you're a fool.
so apparently back in the day the special rolls were about $10 instead of the $17-20 they now are.
if i had lived in philly and known about this place then, perhaps my review would be more stellar.
but yes, the sushi is really good.  the fish is fresh (at least, when i went).
i went late one night when the place was emptying out, so it was fairly quiet and nice.  the booth can be comfortable, and the sake is quite tasty (but why is it that i get uber-drunk off of sake and then sober up waaay too quickly?)

but...i'm just imagining my giant plate making its edge over onto the next table over--it's just that cramped.  seriously?

maybe i'll try it for takeout.
I specifically downloaded this application on my phone to express the incident that happen at this restaurant last night. I have worked in the restaurant business for quite some time as a server, BOH, and banquet manager so I have some expectations on mannerism. My friend ordered a meal that indeed include mangos but unfortunately the individual who made the meal overdid it with the mango drizzle and the rice was soaked in Mango Juice. My friend was embarrassed that she had to ask the server if they could possibly switch or redo her plate. Moments later the OWNER of the restaurant came to our table barking, the whole restaurant stopped and just looked at us. His exact words as he was holding the plate and coming off VERY aggressive: "WHAT YOU DIDNT READ THE MENU? It says MANGOOS. 
My friend *very soft spoken individual* : "I apologize Sir they just over did it with the mangos, I can pay for it. It's not a big deal this was my first time ever returning a plate. The drizzling was just too much, I'm okay with paying for it"

The guy didn't even let her finished and went on talking about how people need to learn how to read the menu and walked away. People in the restaurant just looked at us and they even felt the discomfort. I have NEVER in my life seen someone yell at costumer simply because they disliked the fact that their food was soaked in mango juice when in the menu it clearly said drizzled. It was the most uncomfortable situation we have ever been in. 

Three different servers came up and apologize on his behalf. 

How can you run a business like this where you are yelling at a costumer over a simple thing like that, ESPECIALLY when the costumer wasn't even coming off rude or obnoxious???. Never entering that place again. If I would of recorded that, I bet it would of went viral. HUGE HUGE Disappointment, I have never seen anyone so angry in my life.
Met a few friends here for happy hour last night, I was running a little late so I made sure they grabbed an outside seat. Thats really the best part about this place. They have a large outdoor area that's partially covered with fans for REALLY hot days. It's in a prime location with happy hour all week (even on the weekends). 
I've been here several times before and nothing is really stand out about the food or drinks. The inside area is dark and doesn't give off that "cool" vibe they're really going for. Service is slow but you've gotta give it to them for the  patio area! 
Last night I got the pork belly buns on recommendation from our server and a salmon avocado roll. The roll was really great and the buns were good, they had more filling than I expected. It was enough to count as my dinner. 
Overall, great happy hour if you want to sit outside, inside..don't bother.
Came here to nosh on some sushi and imbibe on some post comic con beverages, and lucky for us, their drink menu is hella nerdy. We sat outside because the weather was lovely and I ordered the spicy salmon tacos, and the Link and edamame. The Link, hopefully named after my favorite video game character, was delicious, and my dinner companion ordered it after mine. I really enjoyed my salmon tacos as well, definitely a way to enjoy sushi without all the heavy rice cab loading.

The establishment was under some renovations when I went in Sept. as they had some damage from a flood. Despite a little hectic, the restaurant was clean. Service could have been a bit more attentive as we did go for long gaps of time without anyone checking in or taking an order.
I've always wanted to eat here but I always opt for the places I know has great sushi. Last night my date took me here which is definitely a nice place for a date.

The decor was pretty and the set up for the narrow space of the restaurant was done well. There is a long bar that hugs the right wall when you walk in and there is a raised seating area towards the back that has a long and may I add, very comfortable, couch along the wall. The mirrors had to be one of my favorite touches. They put together hundreds of, I want to say, 3x3 inch mirrors into one large mirror along the back wall. They also have it downstairs in the restroom which I must say is pretty dope as well. The sink area is shared in the "lobby" area of the restrooms and the sinks are level, perhaps marble or granite slabs that have a slight incline that allows the water to go towards the back of the sink. One woman came out of the bathroom and let out a "what the hell" trying to figure it out, quite funny! There is also a spiral staircase that I did not find out where it lead to but it gave the restaurant a nice touch.

Now for the food!

I am a HUGE Sashimi fan and am VERY picky and I must say their fish was very fresh and definitely satisfied my cravings. Although the place is a bit pricey, but what Japanese restaurant isn't?, the food was good. My date ordered the special Valentine Roll and it was HUGE and packed with so much it was a bit overwhelming to look at! He enjoyed it and I had a few and I liked it as well.

I only gave it 3 stars because 1 their Mochi Ice Cream was not defrosted enough and the dough was rough going down. And 2 it was my first visit. This is me being way to critical but hey that's what Yelp is all about, no?

Our waitress was great, very nice and attentive and their host was adorable wearing a red bow tie and made sure I didn't forget my coat. All in all a satisfying dinner at Raw, the date went well which also made it an even better evening!

I'll go back when I want to feel baller and spend that much money and also for the lounge it looks like a nice place to have a few drinks!

OH YES! I forgot, one thing I found interesting? Perhaps that might be the only word for it, but Finding Nemo was playing on the flat panel TV by the spiral staircase...not sure what that was about...
Not a bad location, the decoration was comfortable - tall cushioned lounge seating on one side, and wooden chairs on the other. Playing Nemo in the background, and an outdoor seating area.

Tried a variety of food, noticeable issue was that the appetizers were small.  Gyoza (4) were tasty, and the spicy sashimi salad with the red hot sauce was amazing.  The oshinko appetizer for $5 was expensive for only a few pieces of cut up oshinko, though.

Spider roll - not bad, although could be crispier (5 pieces). Wasabi Lobster roll was decent but tasted almost too much like mayo (5 pieces). The rainbow roll was standard (8 pieces).

The special roll of the night - a White Tiger roll - spicy white tuna topped with black tobiko, more white tuna, and eel sauce, was very tasty, and massive.  I'll see if I can upload the picture later.

Overall, not bad, but expensive for the special sushi or appetizers - the regular rolls were great, though.
So here we are - review #200 - and I am faced with the conundrum of dedicating it to an awesome dinner experience I had in Center City or a pathethic one.

100 people were asked "which would Barney choose?"

"Pathetic!"

"Survey says.....99"

I can't tell you how legit sushi is here in the states compared to its origin - but I know that when I first got into sushi, maki rolls were simple light and fresh - and if I was lucky, had a nice little kick.

but it seems like we have begun americanizing maki, because this is the second place in a row where they add so much shit to a roll that things just get busy.  in this case, the rolls were topped with so much crap that if you were lucky enough to pick it up without it falling apart, there was no way it was all fitting in even my big fat Irish mouth.

and have you ever tried to eat a piece of maki in two bites - it doesn't work in general, and it's a downright disaster if it's a maki roll that somewhat resembles Tammy Faye Bakker.

and if you are going to make me work so hard, make it worth my while - but somehow this place managed to mix up so many textures and flavors and still elicit a 'Meh' after each bite.

But the good news is - the sushi doesn't make you gain weight....

because my two mediocre rolls cost me $38, and I threw up when I got that bill.  That's what happens when you trust the 'specials' menu.  It was special, alright.

I came here despite the less-than-stellar reviews from my fellow yelpers, but they all seemed to start with "we came here after drinking a lot of booze somewhere else..."

that might explain why they rated it higher than I would - lucky bastards.
Came here with some outta town friends. Got seated right away. Got fed right away. They messed up an order and gave me shit about it. I didn't care that much though, as the sushi was pretty tops. I really couldn't complain. I would say, this place is kitchy. And a little bit over rated. But still good. Bring some extra $$ if you want to drink. Expensive.
We came here for my first time at Sips, but decided to return after tasting the yummy spicy tuna roll and other Sips goodies. 

I've bad experiences with swanky sushi places-- they're usually not as good as the decor they have. I had my reservations, but I was pleasantly surprised when the food came out. The o-toro was SOOOO good. Most places I've been to haven't had the best, where it's too fatty. This, however, was the perfect balance of tuna meat and fat. Mmm!
I came here with high expectations, since my boyfriend said "everyone" he knew thought it was the best sushi in town (even though I told him yelp only gave it 3.5 stars). In the future, I think I'll go with yelp reviews instead.
The atmosphere in Raw is very chic and trendy, with ambient lighting and music which complement the place. They have an outdoor patio which is very nice in the summertime. Indoors was also ok, even though our table was so close to the ones next to us, we could hear their entire conversations. If you want a booth, I suggest you ask for it when making reservations. 
The appetizers and sushi were pretty good and tasted fresh. We had the spicy tuna tartare, which was yummy. We also ordered 3 rolls of sushi, including the special, the Drunken Tiger roll, which was really good. They also have an extensive, but pricey, sake list.

-1 because they are a bit overpriced, and because we had to wait soooo loooong for our food to come out.
I went here recently for the City Sips happy hour deal (for those not in the know, every summer, about 30-40 bars in the city all have the same happy hour special on Wed. nights - $4 mixed drinks, $3 wine, $2 beer, and $1 appetizers, with some free parking meters and $1 garages in certain areas).  I thought Raw was really cool inside - very dark (extremely low lighting), granite bar top, kind of a modern decor - not a kitschy sushi joint at all.  It was also so wonderful to step inside this cool, air conditioned, dark place from the sunny, muggy, and disgustingly hot outdoors.  It's like a cool, inviting cave.

I was a little disappointed, though, that the hostess wouldn't seat my party at a table b/c we were there for the happy hour, especially since there wasn't much room at the bar.  I had planned on getting dinner, too, but I didn't order any out of spite once we couldn't get a table.  The bar has no stools, so I wasn't about to eat standing up while trying not to spill anything because of the crush of people trying to get to the bar.  I was especially annoyed when I got into the bar/dining area and noticed that all of the other tables of people were only having happy hour drinks and not dinner, and there were several empty tables in the back. That aside, though, I had a nice time.  The place became very crowded as the happy hour wore on.  It wasn't part of City Sips last year, but I think it's probably one of the most popular places in that program this summer.

The drinks were very good.  They had fruit-infused sake and a sparkling cosmopolitan as the drink specials.  I had both.  I've had way better fruit-infused sake in my lifetime.  It tasted too much like honeydew, but some of my friends liked it.  The sparkling cosmo, however, was great (cosmo + champagne for $4 = drunk in 2 hours or less).  The $1 appetizers were also very good, but TINY (last year, the City Sips program offered free appetizers, so it sucks that they changed that part, but for $1, you can still get some cool gourmet food).  They had beef negimaki (2 tiny pieces), gyoza (2 tiny pieces), and california rolls (4 tiny pieces).  I had the gyoza and california roll, and I liked both, but I had a very difficult time getting chopsticks from the ditzy bartender, who could not seem to get our orders straight until we told him what we wanted 4 times.  I eventually wound up eating my appetizers with my fingers.  Basically, the place was a zoo.  We finally left when bus boys started pushing by us with stacks of chairs and basically giving us dirty looks that said, "Leave, you're in our way."  

I left there starving, since 2 $1 appetizers do not a dinner make, but I think that I would give the place another go for dinner.  My friends and I were at the end of the bar near the sushi counter, and we watched amazing looking maki rolls pass by us for two hours, so it got me interested in trying their sushi.  I would hope, however, that the service is better for dinner, so I'm reserving my judgment on this one.  I'll probably update this review once I go there for an actual meal.  I would recommend it for happy hour, though - just get there early so you can get a spot at the bar!
I had a 8:30PM reservation here last weekend for 2 people. We were running a couple minutes late so we called to let them know and they told us it wouldnt be a problem. When we arrived, the hostess told us they were running about 15 minutes behind. So although we were a few minutes past our reservation time, she said we would be seated by around 8:50. This restaurant has minimal seating in the entry so we had to stand next to the hostess stand and it was clear the list was very long and that we wouldn't be seated soon. At 9:00, a guy came to the host stand from the bar and asked if his table was ready, reminding the hostess that he had a 8:00 PM reservation, so he had been waiting for an hour. We waited another 15 minutes and at 9:15, when we still had two more parties in front of us, we walked out. 

Staff was not impressive and continued to be misleading to people that came in after we did, telling them that they would only wait 15-20 minutes.
For sushi in Philly, this is a reliable place for well-presented and interesting rolls.  Their specials are hearty and filling.  

Dark Horse roll is a must!  If the spicy rolls/tartare weren't so redundantly heavy with what tastes like Sriracha sauce, I'd be ecstatic about this place. 

The lounge feel is nice, music is a little above conversation level for my taste, but it's got a nice groove.  I like the clean, asian-contemporary decor.  

If you want to learn more about sake, sit at the bar: I recommend trying the flight of sake, which the bartenders can tell you about.

One last thing: If you go in the winter and don't have a reservation, don't check your coat immediately: it gets absolutely freezing in the entrance way from the door draft, despite the curtainly efforts.

Great location, as you can stop into Capogiro for dessert!
I love this place! 

Every roll I have gotten here has been fantastic.  Their specials are fun and innovative and they have some classic rolls.  The Spider Roll is to-die-for with soft shell crab tempura integrated into a regular avocado roll.  Just enough crunch to make it perfect!  I also enjoy the spicy tuna roll, and I get it at every sushi place I go to - they make it perfect here!

The decor is cool, and the staff is extremely friendly and attentive.  While the space suffers from a lack of width (some spaces are really hard to squeeze through), the staff is patient and people seem to manage - it is always packed!  

One issue - the DJ on the weekends plays a little too loudly - but I guess that is what you  get when you have dinner at midnight!

Lastly, the bathrooms are very cool, yet a little strange.  The "urinal" is a big wall with water running down it.  I couldn't tell if it was just a water fountain or not, but then I walked in and someone was peeing in it!  I'm still not sure if it was a mistake!

Check out Raw for delicious, bulky sushi and a fun crowd!
I was at Raw for the first time on New Years.  While I can't comment on the food, I can say the decor was fabulous.  As a bar goes, it's very trendy with sweet loungey couches and a hip design.  As a restaurant, I don't know... I could see how it would feel more clubby than like a restaurant.

I had free open bar (with my ticket) until midnight.  After midnight, I was ordering drinks for my friends, and my Sapphire and tonic was $10, while a Goose and tonic was $15 -- in my opinion, a littttle up there.

There must be outdoor seating during nice weather, because there was an outdoor area with a few tables.  Curtains hang all around, so you feel as though you're inside even though you're outside -- a nice little getaway for the smokers of your group.

Last but not least, I want to go back just for the bathroom.  It's like a beautiful temple for meditation.. but you're uhh.. doing your business in there!!  The toilets themselves weren't too clean, but I'm sure that had to do with the New Years debauchery.
Sorry.  I am getting less and less impressed each time I go.  I have been thrice.  The first time (the best of the 3 - so I returned) I had some delicious and fresh rolls at lunchtime.  It was not crowded and service was good.  

The second time I came I had a platter of sushi and it was not as fresh as it should be.

The last time I went - and I will not return, the service was just awful.  The $17.95 maki I ordered, while HUGE and containing ingredients I like, was dripping in 3 kinds of gloppy sauces.  Go easy on the sauce, guys.  Use fresher fish and pare down to basics.  Some things don't need tempura crunch AND eel sauce AND spicy mayo AND whatever that other glop was.
The best way I can describe 1225Raw is high expectations, low reality. 

The Good:
 You walk in and they have a beautiful atmosphere with modern decor that definitely sets the bar high. We were sat in the back as we were a large group (11 to be exact) so we had privacy. Our server quickly greeted us with waters and promptly came back to grab our orders. The lunch specials offer an array of options, all of which will leave you stuffed to the brim.  The sushi options also offer a great deal of diversity. 

The Bad:
When our waitress forgot one app, and one entree. The app, a miso soup, could have been easily corrected, but she did not even acknowledge the missing dish until she came back with the entrees. She then missed an entree but we could not grab her attention, or find her until half of the table was finished with our meals - making the entire table either uncomfortably eat or wait for the final dish to come out. It eventually did come out, after the birthday guest stood up, and had to grab her attention - the dish was taken off the bill. A  managers attention would have been great at this point too, to ensure us we were taken care of - but we were left high and dry.

The Ugly:
Speaking of dry - we had to WALK TO THE BAR to get our waters refilled - which then brought us to an ugly reality. We were the ONLY people in the restaurant, so it became clear we were not valued customers. The fifth and final time our waitress came back to our table - was to collect the credit card (we told her in advance we would pay together). We then discovered she took the liberty of adding 20% gratuity for sub-par service.

In conclusion: 
We would have gladly tipped 20-25%, but our waitress did not check in on our meals, or our satisfaction. She only came with purpose. Reason being? She knew she was immediately getting a 20% tip, so why bother taking 2 minutes our of your day to make sure everything is going well? While we she may have lucked out with the gratuity here - she lost the opportunity for us to do future company lunches here, client lunches and potentially a great deal of revenue for the establishment.
The smell of raw fish may be overpowering to some, but, to me, it's a sign of a sushi restaurant with a larger than average selection of fish. For six years, RAW has been both delighting and frustrating diners in the Midtown Village area with its creative sushi in a posh lounge atmosphere. Perhaps its biggest complaints center around the Morimoto-like pricing for non-celebrity chef-endorsed sushi. It is a pricey venue, but is the meal worth it? I think it is. The rock shrimp tempura is nicely crisped on the outside and very tender on the inside. Three dipping sauces provide plenty of variety and the portion of rock shrimp is pretty sizable. The sashimi appetizer was a selection of basically what every other sushi restaurant serves, so there's nothing special there. The Torimy Roll (spicy tuna and eel maki topped with torched squid, sweet soy sauce, creamy sauce, tobiko, and scallions) and my sushi selections of yellowtail, sea scallop, king crab, surf clam, and jumbo sweet shrimp were all expertly handcrafted. The sushi was in between the smaller sushi you get from Morimoto and other authentic Japanese sushi restaurants and the big, jumbo fuckers you get from stupid Americanized sushi places. The phrase "bigger is better" doesn't apply to sushi. So is RAW on par with Morimoto? No, but it has a different atmosphere. Morimoto appeals to the see-and-be-seen crowd. In other words, guys who thought I was the most beautiful woman in the world have taken me to Morimoto and we'd do the omakase together. You will likely end your night at Morimoto because the omakase takes about three hours to complete. RAW appeals to clubgoers who are about to go out and party at a nightclub later in the night. The place is dark and it's difficult to see who your neighbor is in the next booth. There are some really nice cocktail and sake selections. Nigori sake is one of my favorites. Comparing RAW to Morimoto is unfair because Morimoto tries to be super authentic by making simple Edo-style sushi and basic rolls. RAW tries to be the elite of the creative maki restaurants that are all basically the same place but with different names. What RAW does well is understand restraint. Unlike the cheapie places like Jay's Favorite Sushi, they don't kill a dish with excess ingredients. I think of Jay's as the kind of place a five year old could work where he or she just throws huge amounts of whatever on a plate and call it sushi. RAW gives you just enough of each ingredient so you get a taste and even an accent on something else. The wasabi actually tasted real, not like the creamy or powder-based stuff in other sushi places. That's a special touch I truly appreciate.
Very nice place that accommodates both indoor and out door seating. The waiters are attentive, helpful, and nice.

The food came out in a fairly reasonable amount of time. We got the spicy scallop and the prawn tempura roll. 

The spicy scallop is simple yet delicious. It provides the right amount of heat for me since I love spicy food, but could be really spicy for those with lower tolerance. Nothing too fancy, the roll just lets the smooth scallop fill your mouth and kick it with some spice.

The prawn tempura was ok. The flavors from the spicy Mayo and eel sauce was nice. The red peppers added the much needed crunchy texture to the roll. The creamy avacodo was nice. For a tempura roll, it feels a bit lacking in texture without the peppers. The roll itself is very creamy and you can slightly taste some seafood taste, but it still feels like the flavor of the prawn gets lost in everything.

All in all the food is pretty good and the happy hour is great! Some of the sushi are a bit on the expensive side, but a great experience overall.
My favorite sushi place in Philly. Delicious food, great service, amazing location. Nice to have many sushi options and selections for non-sushi diners. Highly recommend!
I highly recommend this place as an outdoor dining place for a date night because of its romantic atmosphere and vibes here! The outdoor dining area felt like an indoor because they blocked the space between two buildings next to each other, but it was still open air.

Their sushi was okay (like normal sushi that you can buy from grocery stores), but their grilled dishes were surprisingly amazed me, especially their grilled squid! I will definitely come back to just get their grilled squid.
Food was okay, service was HORRIBLE.  Overpriced sushi, go to your local joint.
Great little spot hidden on Sansom street next to El Vez.  

Went here a few times with my coworkers.  They have a nice outside terrace that can accommodate relatively large parties.  What I'm really impressed with is their lunch specials which offers you quite a lot of food for a decent price.  I'd definitely recommend their bento boxes for lunch which are typically $16 but you get quite a lot for that price.  The food is of high quality.  

The only issue we had when there was their inability to split a check appropriately with a party of 6.
I've been to raw sushi a few times including dinner and happy hour.  The interior decor is intimate and dimly lit, which makes a great place for a dinner date.  The service was wonderful, no complaints there.  The sushi I must say is very subpar.  Their happy hour menu is actually quite a rip off in my opinion, 5 dollar spicy tuna/salmon rolls but only about 4 pieces.  You inherently can get those rolls at normal price for about 6 to 8 bucks at other tasty sushi restaurants.  I even tried their house special rolls during dinner and was really less than impressed.  In general, sushi at a nice restaurant should NEVER blend the fish, it really takes away the freshness and makes me feel like I'm chewing on food that's been manhandled by 10 people before it hits my mouth.      Sad to say but Wegman sushi is better than this place. The tiny dancer roll was merely overpriced shrimp tempura roll topped with ground up Tuna (presentation was less than desirable).  So that's all the sushi I am going to try from this place.  Overpriced and less than tasteful nor presentable sushi, probably is due to location and decor. 

However, I will praise their tempura platter on the presentation and it was tasty filled with numerous vegetables (sweet potato, asparagus, broccoli) along with the shrimps.  In addition, their cocktails are tasty and rock shrimp is not bad.  Would this be my sushi restaurant of choice, definitely not.
Food was good but I would pay much less in other places. Service was okay and a bit slow. If I was going to pay more than usual for sushi and skewers of shrimp they would have to be a bit more exceptional.
The outdoor courtyard seating is really nice at 1225. Their sushi is pretty decent, though most specialty rolls seemed to include either spicy tuna/ salmon, red hots or a spicy sauce. Sashimi was cut relatively thick, but all around the meal was fresh. The waiter was very nice, as was the woman delivering the food/ picking up plates.
Fell in love with this place!

We sat outside in the courtyard and the atmosphere was great - felt kinda empty at first but thought it was nice to chill and enjoy the summer night in Philly.  Gotta give two thumbs up to the DJ - he played a good mix of new hits and old schools and i felt like he was one of the best DJs I've listened to.

I ordered Pink Bubbly and Sake Fuscia (i think that was the name) and my friend ordered Fruit Sake and Ginger Blossom. The drinks can be pretty $pricey$ since it adds up quickly. 
I ordered Sushi appetizer, Edamame, and Eel&Cucumber. Fresh and tasty-    I would definitely go back. =)
I used to be a regular at raw, especially at the location at the piazza.  I purchased a ruelala coupon for a tasting menu months ago and have been trying to use it.  The first time we came to use it they told us we couldnt because we didnt give them the proper notice in advance.  On arrival (friday, jan 20th), we were told we had to wait 20 mins past our reservation.  The hostess was rude and pretentious, she didnt even suggest we have a drink at the bar while we wait.  She also told us that we could only sit in a certain section since we had the ruelala deal.

I cant complain about the quality of the food, except for the fact that the portions were laughable in size.  We ended up having to order 2 other dishes in addition to the 5 course tasting menu we had already paid for.  Also the "saki pairings" that the coupon promised were simply 3 shot glasses brought on a small plate at the beginning of the meal.  They were not paired with anything and were given with no explanation.  Overall a negative experience and i will not be back.
I've been to Raw a couple times, and each visit has been pretty consistent. The service is ok, and the selection isn't the best. Their sushi isn't bad or anything...ok maybe I've been spoiled by Morimoto, but it just wasn't as fresh as the others. Sushi is apparently a very delicate art, so I am sure subtle differences make certain sushi restaurants more palatable than others. I never protest when my friends want to go to Raw, but if I had to choose, it wouldn't be in my top picks.
Since I am a Very Big Fan of Sips, I came here on Wednesday. I arrived at 5:01 and already all of the outside tables were taken up by singles and couples "waiting for the rest of their parties." Annoying, but I was able to snag a comfy booth inside.

The little plastic glasses of wine they served for Sips weren't particularly life changing. The little $3 spicy tuna rolls they served (4 pieces) were pretty delicious. The Panko Chicken Bites were good too. I tried the 2 cocktails for $4 - the Pink Bubbly and Sake Tango and both were good. 

The patio are is super cute, and I hope to go back at some point and sit out  there. I cannot speak of their regular menu. Overall, my Sips experience was ok and the little bit of sushi I had was good, but there will not be a repeat experience this summer for Sips.
This place has great decor and really good food including sake, however the service is really bad. They arent very attentive and the hostess was rude.
I went here for Sips, and had a very disappointing experience.  First, when you walked in the door the hostess asked if we were there for sips, when we said yes, we were told that we had to sit in the courtyard area.  It was like 85 degrees and 100% humidity.  I will say that being in the shade and having the fans was helpful, but I still thought it was kind of weird that we were herded to a special "sips" section.  

The beer special was Miller Lite :( and then there were some white and red wine specials, and some special cocktails.  I stuck with the cocktails, and they were good, but $4 and served in smaller plastic cups than the beer.  There were some food options as well, but those portions were also tiny.  It definitely just seemed like you were paying less and getting less, not much of a happy hour deal.

I will say that the service was quite good considering how crowded it was.
Excellent presentation. Daily specials usually include a few inventive rolls. Moody atmosphere (dark, ultra modern, sushi chefs somewhat hidden behind the bar). Impersonal wait staff (perhaps they are working on being ultra cool?). 

Best part? The incredibly awkward bathroom downstairs. Women's on the left, men's on the right, and a shared sink area in between. Each and every time I am down there, someone thinks they've walked into the wrong restroom. It would be funny if it did not so clearly cause angst for the patrons.

At the end of the day, very overpriced - unless what you want to pay for is moody atmosphere.
A friend took us here while we were visiting Philly and OMG, best sushi I have ever had.  Which was shocking to me, as I was not expecting that while in Philly!  Anyway, short wait for a table, but perfect service and amazing sushi rolls.  Highly recommend.
we sat on the side that was outside . Amazing! after dinner drink and a few special rolls for desert.  I would go back again for sushi any time.. cozy.
OK.  Here is the deal.  The first time i went here and I had a bad experience with the staff.  The second time I went here - surprise!  A bad experience with the staff.  However....
The third time I came here I had a good experience.   A few items...

1.  The sushi is good!  And the way they make their rolls is interesting and flavorful.
2.  The atmosphere is nice and relaxing.  After a crazy day of running around it was nice to relax with friends.  
3.  The staff was excellent and welcoming.  
4.  Try the salmon and tuna sushi - it melted in my mouth.
5.  Also try the special rolls - pricey but worth it.

Also the bathrooms were nice and clean.  

I am glad I gave them a third chance.  :)
Love the chef special rolls here. Our waitress was very polite and friendly. RAW is definitely pricier than other place in Philly, but the sushi rolls are very good. If you're going with a group of people (3-4), I would recommend getting a couple of the chef special rolls and 3-4 of the regular rolls, and spitting them. I love going in to the spring or summer time because of the outdoor patio. It's fun going with a group of people and just hanging out at the patio bar.
We ordered from this restaurant over uber eats. I called when our food was continually delayed. The hostess who answered the phone told me she purposefully delayed my order to accommodate a private party in the restaurant. Our food was delayed over 30 minutes - though prepared - which means that the hot items we were delivered were ice cold.  I would never order from this restaurant again because once the food finally arrived, after they chose to delay, it really was not very good at all. Maybe if they delivered when it was supposed to be sent and the food was hot I would have a different opinion.
Raw is a great place for good sushi and a great atmosphere. I've been here a number of times and haven't been disappointed. The sushi is fresh.

The bathrooms are quite entertaining especially in the men's room where you pee into a water feature with a picture of a female samurai with a sword on the wall behind the water.

I tried the saki this time and well I'm not a fan but that's me. Our waiter Johnny was very helpful and friendly.
Love love love this place! 1225Raw is located just off the busy Sansom Street, and provides a great outdoor seating patio with great food! During COVID, they have a great outdoor garden area that is closed off from the street but still open air. I love the atmosphere here! 

Their sushi, surprisingly, was not that impressive. It did not taste super special, and was very comparable to a regular sushi takeout place. What really sets this restaurant apart are their sumo buns, which are DELICIOUS! I came back multiple times just for the buns! The fries are fresh and yummy as well, with a great wasabi mayo sauce. 

All in all, this place is great for the appetizers and finger food. It's definitely a great place to come to social distance and spend time with those in your social circle. I would continue to come back for the sumo buns, which really are outstanding.
Ordered delivery during the pandemic and our food was packaged safely and arrived at the perfect temperate and super fast. The sushi was extremely fresh and tasty fish and the rice to fish ratio was awesome. We usually stick to classic rolls but decided to try some of their speciality rolls- all were delicious! Definitely get the steak buns as an appetizer- the sauce is incredible!

Will definitely continue to order from here for sushi!
I like this sushi restaurant. Can get a bit pricy but it is a cool vibe, good sushi, employees were nice so I am a fan.

My only complaint is that I went here after SIPS once and they kept the music on so loud you could barely hear! It tries to be a bit swanky, cool lounge vibe. But overall i recommend it for the sushi.
This place is not bad.  I wish they weren't out of half their stock though. Just a note to others, don't go on a Monday!  
Thankfully, they were not out of hamachi.  That's a staple of mine.  It wasn't great but I wouldn't return it either.  What I was really impressed with was their rolls.  I thought they were very creative.  We got The Green River roll, which was one of their specials, and had a little bit of everything including the kitchen sink, topped with a green tea sauce and a spicy sauce - we both thought it was good.  We also got the sweet potato roll which was simple and very yummy.  And we couldn't go without a Crunchy tuna roll.
All in all we got 1 order of gyoza, 1 sashimi set, and 3 rolls and were happily stuffed.

Not a bad way to start our week in Philadelphia.
*Center City Sips Review*

After a long day of work, my friends and I decided to hit up a place for sips.  I was starving since I had just finished my workout.  We ordered two of all the appetizers on the sips menu.  

The spicy tuna roll...so dreadful that I found a huge fish bone in my piece.  Turned off from any of the sushi.  The shumai tasted like it was frozen and microwaved and plated with some sauce.  Very mushy.  The fried chicken (I think it was chicken..) was meh.  The gyoza was probably the best of the bunch; crispy on the outside.  

From what I thought I read of Center City Sips...it's supposed to be half off appetizers, $2 beers, $3 wine and $4 cocktails.  Not in Raw's case, since they charge $4 for a plastic cup of beer.  I don't drink beer so it's not a big deal to me but I dunno, something else is fishy besides the sushi...
I find Raw to be the ideal balance of cost and quality in a sushi bar.  

All of their basic rolls are above average(the yellowtail, salmon, and tuna rolls are happy standards that I can always use to supplement the more over-the-top rolls that I get).

The Golden Tiger Roll is a veritable smorgasbord of various sushi flavors that will attack your taste buds(if you can fit a whole piece in your mouth).  It is one of those specialty rolls that have like tunascallionspicysaucemasagoeelcucumberEVERYTHINGOHMYGOD that I like.  I don't remember exactly what's in it but it is damn good.
Came across this place in the mood for Sushi and very much enjoyed my experience! The ambience was dim and somewhat romantic and the restaurant included both table seating and a bar. 

Our server was friendly and attentive and our food came out fresh and within a timely manner. 

I ordered the Sumo Poke bowl which ended up being very filling that I ate the rest for lunch the next day. 

This restaurant is sort of hidden in the Midtown village area, but definitely worth a visit if you're looking to satisfy that sushi craving and enjoy a cocktail or two.
Their outdoor seating area is a perfect venue for summer happy hour! It's in a courtyard with lots of shade, so you won't have to deal with sun in your eyes while enjoying the outdoors.

The sushi itself was pretty good, but not the best. We ordered the unagi and cucumber roll and the veggie roll, which was pretty average. Likewise, the shrimp Shumai was also average. Overall, I wasn't impressed but also not disappointed by the food.

However, the tuna and jalapeño crunch roll was fantastic!! The jalapeño isn't actually spicy, but it's crunchy and adds a slight edge to the tuna - I've never encountered this combination before and I loved it! The pan-fried veggie Gyoza was likewise a standout - I loved the green (ostensibly due to veggies) dumpling wrapper and it was perfectly crisped.

The drinks were pretty standard - at happy hour, because you're paying less, you will be served your drinks in little plastic cups. The wine portions are normal, but you're definitely getting less when you order a cocktail.
Service: 3/5. Our waitress wasn't as attentive and she barely checked up on us.

Ambiance: 4/5. Pretty dark inside, but they also have outdoor seating! They have cute Japanese anime posters and decorations to set the mood.

Food: 3.5/5. Their sake is AMAZING. I tried the yuzu flavored one and it was SO good! However, their food was okay. The seasoning was too much on a lot of the meat dishes, which were overpowering. They didn't really seem like "finger foods" for drinks. The tempuras were really crisp and well cooked though! Really loved the plating on all the dishes though.
I went to Raw for lunch on a break from jury duty. They had plenty of good lunch specials, so I opted for the spicy maki combo. You get a green salad, miso soup, spicy salmon, and spicy tuna for $13.00.

The salad was good, but skimped on the dressing. The soup was decent, but basically just broth. The maki was also good, except for the fact that some of the rice seemed a little too hard, almost like it had been sitting out for a little while.

The bathrooms here are weird. There's a common sink area and then the women's rooms are off to the left and the men's are off to the right. The doors to the stalls are basically foggy glass, so you can totally see when someone is sitting or standing in a stall. It's pretty weird. The sink was also odd. It was basically a flat piece of stone that was slightly pitched so that the water ran to the wall area and down a little slit between the stone and the wall. The whole setup there didn't seem very practical, but it was different at least.

Overall the food was solid, and I was in and out in just about 30 minutes. Not a terrible lunch choice if you're in the area. I don't know if I could rationalize spending full-cost during dinnertime, though.
Raw's sushi is ALOT of rice and a LITTLE fish. The rice they use for the sushi has good flavor and they also use good sauces. 

Fish quality is mediocre. I think that the higher price reflects the atmosphere (which is a good summer/ outdoor spot in their courtyard) not the food. 

I would come back here only to possibly go to Sumo Lounge which is located in the back.
My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary, and honestly, we would have had a better experience if we had gone to my favorite restaurant, Toyko 1613 (1613 Walnut St.).  The decor at Raw is very nice, but the hood ends there.  Except for their miso soup which was absolutely delicious, dark, and savory.  The sushi was not good.  On par with mall sushi.  Seriously.  The space is cramped, and we were sitting elbow to elbow with other patrons... Hardly the romantic, intimate atmosphere we were hoping to share on our special night. The green salad's dressing is completely inferior to toyko's. I ordered the shrimp tempura roll, and it was so bland.  The presentation was non-existent.  The rolls were just stacked on a plain white plate, with wasabi and ginger in sad little balls on the edge.  The tempura was not crispy, or hot, which screams pre-made to me.  My boyfriend's sweet potato tempura was DISGUSTING... it was cold, and again, not crispy or hot.  My boyfriend expressed his dislike to the waitress, and was just told "Oh, I'm sorry".  No attempts to remedy the situation were made, and she avoided us for the rest of our dinner, instead sending another waitress to clear empty plates, refill our water, etc.  We decided to skip the main entree altogether and left.  Very disappointing.  I will not return.  If you want fresh, beautifully presented food, and want some ELBOW room...  go to Tokyo on 16th and Walnut.  It won't break the bank, and the sushi is the best I've ever had .
I have had 4 parties at this place and I really enjoyed their food drinks and atmosphere. The only time I was unhappy was when their projector was not working in the back room. Otherwise it is a really cool party place with sensible price point.
Food was decent (i've had WAY better), but the service was what ruined it all. 

I dont know if they were just seriously understaffed or the staffing that they do have currently just sucks. Everything is a wait. We waited nearly 20 minutes before they even took our orders. And when they finally did take our orders it took forever to even get a plate of sushi! It's just sushi! It should not take that long. I would understand if the restaunt was packed, but that was not the case.

I wouldnt recommend anyone going here unless they enjoy nice decor and that's it. That's all they really have to offer. Would i return again? Probably not.
I wasn't going to visit Raw because of the mixed reviews on here, but my good friend has been really wanting to go.  Then I attended a party where Raw was serving sushi--it was delicious so I consented to a visit.  

The atmosphere was pleasant, but we ate inside on one of the nicest nights of the year.  The courtyard is a beautiful space, I hope I can eat there before the season ends.  There was a DJ spinning some delightful music.  The lighting and the interior was thoughtfully designed.  

It seems that people had have issues with the service.  I found the staff to be attentive but not overpowering.  Everything was delivered to our table within a reasonable amount of time.  Our server was friendly and well-informed.  

The food was very good.  The White Tiger special was sublime.  The seaweed salad was impeccably prepared but served as a minuscule portion.  My good friend loved his avocado salad.  We will be back.
Really good sushi spot in Philly. They have a fantastic happy hour menu, which would be a good move as the regular menu is very expensive. The service was pretty good all around and the drink selection is extensive. Overall, I would come back if it was during happy hour. I feel like you can go to other sushi places for dinner and pay a lot less and receive a similar quality in the sushi.
If you like happy hour and you're looking for some sushi, you should probably stop here for the prices.

As for my rating, it didn't get more stars because there's not a time I'm always thinking about the food here. Keep in mind, I'm that girl that ONLY gets shrimp tempura and spicy tuna. The rolls were good, but nothing too special and definitely on the smaller side. 

If you're trying to branch out though, I definitely recommend the beef bulgogi tacos! They are something different and unique but the taste is really good.

As for the setting, I've been two times and if you're sitting inside, don't bother. The area is dark and close to other tables. If you're planning to stop in the spring or summer though, make sure to sit at the outdoor patio. It's super cute and in a secluded area.
Nice ambiance and a great location. I had a great time at Raw....not because of the food...but because of my friends.

Matt our terrific waiter took care of our party of eight very well. We started off with regular and spicy edamame accompanied by hot sake, sake flights, and beer. The sushi was good but cold...cold like it was pre-made. My Unagi was ice cold...like it was cooked earlier and placed in a refrigerator and my roll was the same. The rest of our party commented that the rice should be at least room temperature but was not. Raw is not inexpensive...in fact it's possibly the most expensive sushi in Philly. One would think that with the exorbitantly high prices the sushi would be made to order. Shame on you Raw!
