This place was awesome.  We happened to be walking by, while looking for a place to grab some dinner after the Christmas Tree lighting.  1518 Bar and Grill was full of people and festively decorated for the holidays. We walked in and were immediately seated at a high top.

The place is small and the same waiter was seating people, taking orders, and serving the food.  He was doing a pretty swift job juggling all these tasks.

We ordered the 1518 Burger and Heavens Garden (sandwich with grilled zucchini, eggplant, peppers, tomato confit, melted swiss).  The burgers and sandwiches come with the option of salad or french fries.  We opted for the salad and both our meals were delicious.  I would order the Heaven's Garden again in a heartbeat.  It was a fairly large sandwich and I took half to go and enjoyed it for lunch the next day.
Yawn.

Generic city.  Generic, small space with a generic bar and generic art on the walls.  Yawn.  I'm even bored writing this review, this place is that unimpressive and unmemorable.  Menu options: boring.  Food: even more boring, and frankly not very good at all (and expensive!).

Super friendly, peppy service, clean bathrooms, big bar with big t.v.s though (so it might warrant an affordable happy hour stop in case Oyster House is slammed - since 1518 is right next door).

And yes, even the name, the name! is boring - 1518 Grill, your address, wow, folks didn't see that one coming... yawnnnnnnn.
This was a nice little spot. I was looking for something easy, cheap and not over crowded. This fit the bill perfectly. I came in on a Tuesday night, so I didn't expect a huge crowd. There were a couple people at the bar and a few at tables. I sat at the bar.

Ordered a couple beers and the bartender was nice, she put the Flyers game on for me (it was the first game of the World Series, but that was still on the other TV). I thought that was nice of her.

Beer selection is pretty standard, the food was pretty solid! I ordered the short rib sandwich and it was absolutely delicious, how this was only $10 is beyond me. This wasn't greasy "cheap" food, it was very well done. The fries were very good too. Overall, a pretty chill spot to drink some beers and order some tasty, cheap food. I love all the Philly themed artwork (actual artwork) too.

I'd definitely come back.
I love the wings here. And they have different flavor Long Island ice teas. Sooooooo good!!!
Busy spot on busy Samson Street for drinks and light food options. Outdoor seating was nice BUT usual restaurant protocols like wiping tables between customers was not happening!  This should be required whether we're in a pandemic or not  One would have to believe that some percentage of patrons  packed into the space were not vaccinated so it felt creepy.  
Great for people watching. Poor on cleanliness.  Appetizers  okay.   Frat house ambiance.
So surprisingly no one has really been to this spot for lunch, so we figured it would be good to try something new. My crabcake with a side salad was really really good! I wasn't a fan of the calamari or fried shrimp because there was too much breading on it, but each did come with two good sauces. There was no one there at 11:30 but by 12:30 the place was filled. I think this is a good lunch option because they have so many varieties of sandwiches, and even a few vegetarian ones. Reminds me of Marathon Grill and Nodding Head, casual American food with an upscale twist.

PS. I LOVED all of the art work of Philly skyline on the walls. Recommend trying it for lunch if you've already went everywhere else in the city with your co workers!
I came here for takeout which was briefly given to me. The chicken Cesar salad is tasty and the servers were prompt. 

My main concern stemmed from the bartender not wearing a mask.
This is my second time coming to this restaurant in, as their location is quite convenient for when I do not wish to walk far for food. The first time I got the Apple walnut salad, no cheese (I am not a goat dairy fan) with salmon. The second time, I got the Apple walnut salad no cheese with salmon. That itself says enough about the place and their salads. 
Cherry tomatoes were on point, the dressing was superb and the Apple slices...amaze-omg. However the star of the salad was the salmon. Can you say yum?? En if not in the salad the salmon would be a great choice cooked with something else. 
Traveling during coronavirus makes it tough to find good food, but if I'm in the mood for a salad I will quickly know where to go.
Okay,  this is a typical sticky bar in every sense.   Stopped in here on a Wednesday night,  after a show.   My hubby and I were hungry,  it was late and I wasn't sure anyone would still be serving food. 

This place was and boy were we surprised with its goodness.  We shared an apple walnut, goat cheese salad and wings.   The salad was the better of the two but both were good. 

Pleasantly surprised and surprised at this late night.
This place has the potential to be another gem among the great restaurants that reside on Sansom.  1518 was looking like a sure-fire 4 star establishment or better until...the attack of the fruit flies commenced!  

Positive Observations:
- A cool and intimate bar/restaurant in a pristine location.  Ninety percent of the decorations have a Philadelphia theme.  The walls are covered in oil paintings of the Philly skyline.
- The service was good.  Our waitress was very pleasant and didn't rush us on making drink or meal selections.  She also offered up her personal favorites in regards to the dinner menu.
- The crab cake appetizer was outstanding.  Filled with lump crab and contained minimal fillers.
- The short rib sandwich was excellent.  A juicy sandwich complimented by a very mild horseradish sauce.  I also enjoyed the side salad that accompanied the sandwich.
- The menu offered some great options and very reasonably priced for a city restaurant.

Areas of Opportunities:
- The chairs that are pitted with the high tops are a tad too short for the tables.
- The beer list was decent however the list on the table didn't include some of the seasonals on tap.  
- Pest control (see below)

Back to the fruit flies, they were unbearable!  We saw one annoying fly as we enjoyed a pre-dinner beverage, but once the food arrived it was game-on!  We actually notified our server and moved to the bar counter.  While seated at the bar, the patrons next to us informed us that we weren't safe there either.  Right on cue a fly landed on my wife's pint glass. 

1518 has some great potential and I will cheer them on. With some minor but very important tweaks and care 1518 could thrive!
My wife and I stopped in for an early Saturday afternoon dinner on a recent trip to Philadelphia. Enjoyed cocktails and sandwiches. I went with the filet tip sandwich and my wife had the crab cake. Both were fine as were the drinks. Service was very friendly!
I craving a delicious and juicy hamburger with fries!... I searched for the nearest hamburger place and came across 1518. The place was well decorated and comfortable, great place to meet with friends. The bartender was friendly and attentive. My hamburger looked great, but the taste was plane, it lacked seasoning and my drink tasted like water. Not sure I will be back to eat.
Decent prices for happy hour. Nice vibe, but I have a HUGE problem with the staff at this place. You can read on if you'd like...

Sometimes you go places and the waiter/waitress spills food or a drink on you... accidents happen, no big deal. But accidents usually come with at least ONE genuine apology, and the offer of a not being charged for the meal.. so when I got my amaretto sour spilled all over my lap (and my coats, scarf, purse, shoes, and backpack) I guess I was expecting a little more than the mumbled, under the breath apology that I got from the waitress. Did she offer to help clean off my soaking wet stuff? Nope. Did she look me in the eyes and apologize? No. She mumbled an apology and wiped up the floor. 

She brought me a new drink and my husband and I finished our drinks and our one happy hour appetizer. My second surprise of the evening was their attempt to charge us. Another waitress finally talked to the manager for us, but I had to ASK to have the drink that was spilled on me (and all my things) taken off the bill. The waitress all but rolled her eyes at me for asking about this. She was extremely rude, especially for someone who just covered her customer in a sugary alcoholic beverage.

My problem is not that they spilled a drink on me, my problem is that they barely apologized and ignored me and then made me ASK for something that is just a decent customer service practice. 

I worked in the restaurant industry, I spilled things on people.. things happen. But when they do happen- maybe treat your customers with some respect.
The owner of this place rips off their part time employees... Fired for asking for a paycheck? Merry Christmas!

The service and food here is great though.

The owner has no business running a Resturant- disrespects women and is racist.
Quick review on their breakfast:

Probably one of the best breakfasts in town for under $6. Two poached eggs done medium, rye toast, 2 decently-sized sausage links, and a healthy serving of rosemary potato chunks. Although the potatoes could be crispier and the toast more toasted, it's a generous breakfast at a price you can't beat.
Nice, plentiful outdoor seating. Got the Short Rib sandwich-great!!  Really reasonable prices, and very friendly service.
It is incredibly disappointing to see that in 2021 restaurants and bars are still practicing discrimination and racism. I was not offered a table and when I asked if I should sit outside the host screamed that he would not serve us outdoors given the rain. That would've understandable had he offered us another table or any service at all. This experience ruined my trip and I will be contacting the BBB in regards to this racist attack. Do better 1518 this is unacceptable.
My go to bar to pregame.  Right near all the music venues and night clubs.  Bartenders are cool, good tap choices.  Great place to catch a game too.
Heads up, the nice divey, quiet atmosphere changes on fridays after 10:30 when a dj sets up.
Loved 1518! My husband and I came here last week and we were surprised it wasn't more crowded. This place is AWESOME. Superb service, tasty food, excellent pours on the drinks. 

We started with the mussels and they were simply divine and succulent. The brother was perfect - not too salty. All you wanted to do was go to town on it with some fresh bread... which we did.

My husband had the crab cake sandwich. WOW! It was loaded with fresh crab meat - barely any breading - right up our alley.

I had the veggie stack. Thick slices of zucchini, squash, etc. served with goat cheese and a tomato aioli. Yum. I can still taste it.

We got to talk to the owner for a bit too. What a pleasure! 

Can't wait to go back.
Came in on an afternoon just to grab some calamari. It comes with fried zucchini and looks great. It had been better if it was a late drunk night though. It was a bit breaded too much and it's frozen calamari so it can only be so good. They served it with a Thai chilli and marinara sauce which Both worked great.
This food was pretty good. I order the hummus and my boyfriend, the chicken tenders with fries. The quality was pretty average, but the size was great for the price. Only $5 for large portions. We came for sips. Rating it so high because of the price point. The service was also great!
I visited this restaurant last night during happy hour with some coworkers.  I have dairy and gluten sensitivities, which are usually challenging to deal with when eating out. The server was very attentive with checking the content of various items - I ended up going with the mushroom risotto without the cheese (only had traces of gluten from the chicken broth).  Service was prompt and everyone else enjoyed their food.  Nice, fun ambience as well.
Unexpected bliss when it comes to the food.  The bartender 'Tiff' is so fun and welcoming.  The owner sits by the kitchen overlooking the restaurant and inspecting the food before it hits the tables.  Even the server (not mine) Rick checks in to ensure I'm okay.  Happy hour food is amazing and inexpensive, I highly recommend this gem of a place.
Brunch! I love going to bars for brunch, because they usually are reasonably priced for good quality, if basic, breakfast food. Perhaps even more importantly, they're less likely to have a crowd, or a wait for a table. This place is my go-to for brunch most Sunday mornings. The prices are great (you can get eggs, potatoes, and toast for under $5, or about $8 for a massive two-plate combination of french toast, eggs, potatoes, and toast). The food is always good, though preparation can vary a bit from week to week (sometimes there is whipped cream on the french toast, other times powdered sugar, and more recently cinnamon). The lunch food is a bit more expensive, but still reasonable, and very good (that's what my wife always gets). We're usually here around 11:00 or 11:30, and never have to wait.

While I like the prices and the food, I keep coming back for the service. Mike is amazing, and we feel like we're seeing a friend every time we see him. He's always on top of the order, coffee, water, etc. He splits checks without being asked, by couple, if you come in with a group (which is great because we love to bring friends here, and we never need to have awkward conversations about splitting it - we can always just grab both if we're treating).

One thing to keep in mind is that it can be tough for larger groups - the biggest table seats six, which is probably fine for most people having brunch, but we occasionally come in with a larger group, and need to split between two rows of tables. It still works, because it's harder to have a single conversation with more than that anyway, but it's worth noting.

I initially gave it 4 stars, because I sometimes like the really fancy french toast or pancakes you can get at some of the "cooler" places in town. But this place is 5 stars for what it is. And they do sometimes have the fancy stuff as specials - right now they have cranberry pancakes with raspberry maple syrup, and apple-walnut french toast.

Note: another review noted that the potatoes could be crispier, and the toast could be toastier. The potatoes have gotten crispier lately, and I like the toast how it usually comes (medium toasty). If we're making suggestions though, the butter could come a little softer - sometimes it feels like it's kept in a fridge, which makes it hard to spread.
My boyfriend and I were planning to see a band around 10 and thought we should just grab dinner somewhere nearby. We couldn't think of a specific place so we decided to just walk around and see what pops out to us.

We walked past 1518 and the chalkboard sign advertising $3 yuengling drafts stopped me! So in we went. For 8:30 on a Saturday this place was on the empty side, which was surprising. It looks so unbelievably nice on the inside! 

We sat at the bar and were greeted immediately. Got our drinks quickly and the bartender took our food orders right away. I got the crab cake sandwich and it was amazing!! So big and meaty, and it tasted like they had just put the cake together. The toasted bun it was on was so soft and yummy. The fries were okay, just not my personal favorite style of fry. I still ate them all though!

My boyfriend got the short rib sandwich which was also great!! It comes with horseradish mayo, cheese and caramelized onions. Really tender and flavorful, and it was huge too, he couldn't finish it (so of course I did). This sandwich and fries were $8. Are you serious?! Such a good value. He also mentioned it seemed like his roll was fresh baked. 

The service was great, food was awesome. I'll be going back (most likely tonight to try the happy hour specials, they looked decent!).
This is a bit of a hidden gem.  Smallish bar with a few TVs and some great art along the wall showcasing the city of Philadelphia.  The menu was a step above your typical bar food without being to fancy.  It was delicious and came in healthy portions. Staff was attentive and offered to split checks for our large group before we even thought about the bill.  I was there for lunch but it looks like a great place to grab a drink and I definitely plan on returning.
Good happy hour specials-$5 mussels and $5 wine glasses. However, the staff was not very friendly. It's easy to see why the surrounding bars were super packed and this place was dead.
A very lively bar with a friendly atmosphere, this is a great place for hangouts. It also happens to be an ideal place to grab a bite in this area. With a wide range of food options, it's perfect for an indecisive group of people.

My mother was craving a burger, my brother is a vegetarian, and I am a vegan. Needless to say, my mother had the hefty 1518 burger, my brother had the Heaven's Garden Sandwich, and I had the Vegetarian Stack (goat cheese on the side). We were all satisfied by our entrees, as the taste was amazing and the portions were generous. Our server was a sweetheart and very attentive to us. Overall, one of the best place in the area. And so affordable!!
This place was on yelp's bloody mary list and relatively close to our residence so we gave 1518 a go for a weekend brunch.

So basically this place is pretty small and is, as per my experience, primarily a bar with food rather than a restaurant with a bar. As we were here for food primarily (also alcohol secondarily) my review reflects a brunch experience.

We arrived at a mostly empty establishment, except for a few patrons at the bar, on a weekend afternoon. We sat at one of the high tables near the bar and perused the menu. I ordered an omelette with excessive amounts of cheese and my little love dumpling ordered an omelette with slightly less cheese, difference in cheese replaced by I believe ham or sausage. Additionally, we both ordered bloody marys (of course).

Bloody mary came pretty quickly. I took one giant swig of that shit and my entire oropharyngeal mucosa was annihilated by a wall of 5-alarm fire spice. Don't get me wrong here: for a white girl, I'm a hot sauce/spicy food bitch in my own right. The top shelf of my fridge door is dedicated to hot sauces. I like a nice, spicy BM just as much as the next clown but this was just unreasonable. It was inedible. I tried my own spicy bloody mary (my fiance)'s and it was significantly more palatable than mine. I theorize that all of the mix must have ended up in my glass rather than being evenly distributed. I brought this to the attention of the waiter and, given the size and emptiness of the establishment, the bartender. There was a response of disbelief and mild pushback initially. Ultimately the bartender was super nice about it and made me another one which was much better. 

The omelette was good but standard as omelettes go. I imagine it's difficult to fuck up anything with 5 lbs of cheese in it but the egg itself was cooked to perfection. 

This place is probably great as a bar but a genuine brunch experience is probably better had elsewhere.
This is a review for the happy hour mussels - get them. I'm not sure where else you can find a large plate of white wine butter garlic mussels with lemon and basil for $7. They could have been slightly hotter in temperature but overall we were satisfied with the deal. Our waiter was very nice and the restaurant was pretty quiet on the Monday evening we went. It feels like a classic Philly establishment - complete with Philly-themed art, sports paraphernalia, and old friends catching up.
Came here during the happy hour / early bird dinner hour with the wife.  Service was friendly and enjoyable.  The food here was fantastic.  We had the mussels in white sauce, which was delicious and refreshing.  I ordered the crab cake sammy which was amazing.  Way more crab than bread crumbs, and the crab was fresh!  The sirrachi aoili that it was served with was spicy but not overwhelming. My wife had the grilled veggie stack which was the largest I've ever seen.

Best part was meeting the owner Willie, who was super friendly and good conversation.  Glad we walked into 1518. We will definitely be back!
We stumbled across this place because it was one of the bars participating in the Philly Bar Crawl. I was very impressed and this had to be one of my favorite bars on the bar crawl. The staff was very friendly and knowledgable about the food. They were also doing a good job of handling the huge St Patricks day crowd. We enjoyed our Cajun wings. They were some of the best Cajun wings that I've ever tasted in my life. The restaurant is very narrow, which made it a little hard to walk through but that wasn't a problem. The ladies' room was kept very neat and clean. This was shocking to me because bathrooms are usually disgusting when there's a lot of drunk people.
We went there because the restaurant we had in mind was closed and we were running out of time, so we thought of giving it a shot.
I would say it is at a good location and good food considerably good  !! 
They have decent selection of salads and sandwiches for vegetarians. 
Their Portobello Reuben is really good though I didn't find Caprese either tastt or worth the money.
I wouldn't even give it 1 star but seems that theres No choice. Food sucks, service is horrible, and the owner is very rude, also racist and you can't understand him since he's greek his english isn't clear! while there he made a black couple leave since they  complained that it was cold in there. He said "if you don't like it go somewhere else". It was pretty chilly in there at the time too. I will never go back. The Tuna Melt was dry the bread was hard as a rock and my drink wasn't even made right and my soda was mainly water. horrible horrible!!! Our Waitress I forget her name a red head girl was rude too! The only thing good was the DJ! which Apparently he had a BROKEN ARM!?! Since it was in a sling! Every time I go to Sansom street that place is always dead, but since every other place was packed i tried it out which was a mistake! Now I know who the owner is too. I always see him standing out side trying to talk to young Women. Everything about this place is a NO! Skip it!
Went here for lunch with co-workers. Been meaning to try this place for awhile. Thought it was similar to a marathon, but more a bar Nodding Head feel. Came here at 12 noon, not to crowded and we were out within the hour. 

Ordered: Apple walnut salad with shrimp. Co-workers also ordered salads, which are large and fresh. The white balsamic vinaigrette and candied walnuts made the salad. We were pleasantly surprised that the salads were good for a bar restaurant. There were a few additional items that I would go back and try.  

Service: The server was friendly and very truthfully about the menu options.

Overall: Your typical bar feel, with decent menu options. I will come here again for lunch.
Nice selection of drinks, really cool atmosphere and solid service. Stopped in here for a drink before dinner at the Oyster House. Def worth stopping in
This place is a great bar - neighborhood feel in the middle of Center City.  The wine pours are generous and the food is delicious.  They also have a great happy hour.
This place is cool. It is right next to Oscar's Tavern and Ladder 15 on Sansom St. You could easily walk right by it as Rumor Nightclub and 500 degrees are there as well. But I'd suggest stopping in. Me and my friends have come here after 12 on 2 occasions and it's a fun vibe! The DJ gets really into it and it's never as crowded. If looking for a more personal experience but still talk to girls, this is the place to be.

The bartending staff has been respectful and the bouncer is actually polite and fun to talk to.
Came in with a group of 5.  Good service, good location. Nice vibe to the place, decent happy hour prices.  Best appetizer we had was the deviled eggs with a bacon topping. Excellent.  Mussels and calamari were decent, well priced for happy hour.  Very good short rib sandwich.  Would have liked the horseradish aioli to be spicier but had a nice mild flavor.  Mushroom risotto was a winner as well.
Absolutely great fish and chips. The fish was perfectly done! Also very friendly staff and service. We also tried the salmon, which unfortunately was a bit overcooked. Good value though, overall.
Wow- here for happy hour. Kathleen the bar keep was amazing & wonderful. Felt like home.
This is a nice little spot, especially for happy hour. They have a decent draft list, with a good amount of craft beers. The wine pours are also nice. The food could better, so if you're looking for an amazing bar food this may not be your spot. Overall, this is a good spot for happy hour and small bites. spoI will be back.
Stopped in for a beer and some dinner. Decent beer menu. My husband and I got the crab cake sandwich and we both thought it was tasty. I wouldn't be opposed to stopping in again, but with so many other options in Center City, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
Travled all the way from the DMV with my friends to the beautiful city of philly. Had such a good time here, looking for a bomb party place come here. We ran into it on accident and had the best time of  our lives. The drinks and music were on point. Shout to the DJ of this place he made our night incredible not to mention how cool and welcoming the staff was. Drinks, people and atmosphere was everything. I have been to some really cool places for drinks and dance but this place definitely is on my top list. Definitely will come back to this place
Our hotel gave us a buy 1 get 1 drink coupon to come here.  With so many other options in the area we probably would have walked right by this one but we are so happy we didn't.  We were greeted immediately by the servers and bartenders inside a really well designed space.  Tons of cool philly inspired artwork hung on the walls.  The husband had beer and I wine.  Happy hour started at 5 but our coupons basically started happy hour early for us.  We ordered the calamari which was good.  The bartenders made this visit though as they were both happy and chatty. I could have stayed there longer just to talk, but we had big plans on this night. This place is definitely worth a stop though and we would return when in the area again.
My fav go-to when I have a taste for wings. I am not a big wing eater, but I think they hv THE best wings in the city. However I didn't hv wings this time lol I wasn't very hungry but wanted something to put in my stomach bc I wanted an adult beverage. I settled on the crab cake, which was pretty good. It tasted like it had salmon filling, which was a great combination for my tastebuds. My friend had walnut salad which was quite friggin dee-lish-us! I think I ate more if his than I did mine. My drink  was good, but my friends wasn't. I'm a fan of 1518, I like the small coziness of & the atmosphere is fitting.
I stopped in here to get a quick bite to eat because I liked what I saw on their menu. It looked like a very nice place for happy hour and had a very neat and polished decor. I tried the Thanksgiving everyday sandwich which is turkey, stuffing and cranberry sauce and it was excellent. It's about $10 for a sandwich here with a side and all the other options sounded good as well. I also walked by at night before and it seemed like a nice chill spot to hang out at in the evenings that I will try out eventually.
We stopped here on the way to a show after work.  This is a great local pub which has a larger food menu.  The food is of good quality.  

The short rib sandwich was great!  We also ate chicken wings and a Thanksgiving sandwich.  Both were good.  

There's a happy hour with reasonably priced appetizers before 7.  

The staff was friendly and helpful.  

I would return.
While I would go back again!  I must say this place is only A-OK.

My significant other and I stopped here after shopping last Sunday on Walnut Street.  We're from the DC area and spent the weekend In Philly for my birthday.  The manager in the Guess store recommended going to the Oyster House but failed to mention they're closed on Sundays.  So we tried 1518!

The seats at the bar were soooooo uncomfortable, they were missing the leg bar thingy at the bottom.  The calamari was the best we had in a while.  Kudos to that!  For lunch I had the Pan Seared Salmon, Roasted Potatoes and Creamed Spinach.  My man ordered a special Seafood Pasta.  We've both had better!  I can make better actually but the we were still on cloud 9 from the Calamari that the lunch didn't bother us much.

Now the drinks..... The bartender didn't know what a French Connection was.  She didn't have a clue!  We told her the ingredients... finished up our meals and ask for the check... She came back with it and I nearly fell out of my chair.. $30 bucks for a French Connection (Hennessy and Grand Mariner)  $30 BUCKS! 

After dinner I read reviews on this place and found out the burgers and crab cakes are a big hit.  I'd go back if I were shopping in Philly on a  Sunday
Totally stumbled upon this place and we couldn't have been happier !!! Great service , awesome wings cooked extra crispy just how I like them . We couldn't agree on one sauce so she suggested having them naked with the sauces on the side which I thought was an awesome idea. The spring rolls were fresh as could be , the pork inside was so tender it melts in your mouth . For dinner we ordered the salmon dish and the rib bye steak and boy were we delighted !!! The portions are definitely generous , so much so that we had leftovers the next day . We spent half the amount of money had we gone around the corner to ocean prime or del friscos and I'm almost positive it was just as good if not better !!! I will definitely go back!!!!
Cool, friendly place with great food!  The short rib sandwich is perfect--crunchy bread, horseradish mayo, and caramelized onions.  Good beer selection.  Bartender was helpful and easy to talk to...thumbs up!
I went here the other night with some friends. The bar is clean and nice. The staff is helpful and courteous. 

The club sandwich was good. 

Overall, I'd come back here again.
I have been to 1518 a number of times and I am always satisfied when I leave.  The food there is surprisingly delicious, but there's just something about the place that makes it not very memorable. I can't put my finger on the cause, but there always seems to be several weeks in between my visits there because I just plain forget about the place.

Anyway, let's talk about the food.  Order a dish that comes with fries. Any dish. As long as you get your paws on their crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside, perfectly salted fries. 

Yesterday I ate the burger for lunch.  It was perfectly cooked to my order, and the toppings were fresh and flavorful. I didn't realize previously how much I enjoy mayo on my burgers.  In the past I have had BBQ wings (great, but i don't consider myself a wing expert) and the portabella reuben (surprisingly ok, more like an appetizer).

Service was excellent even when the whole restaurant filled up for the lunch rush.
We ended up with free tickets to the Flower Show and after giving it a look-see decided to make a "date" out of it by trying somewhere new for dinner. With only our noses to guide us we headed south towards Sansom and decided to walk west until we found "the one".  Neither of us had ever heard of 1518 Bar & Gill although we've both walked right past it about a thousand times. I am SO glad we decided to venture inside because the entire experience was 5 stars and absolutely worth raving about.

Upon entering we were greeted by the bartender who offered a sweet "hello" and let us know a server would be with us shortly.  As we settled in, another staff member on her way to deliver an entree welcomed us and offered the same reassurance. Talk about service! A gentleman arrived shortly thereafter and offered another friendly salutation as well as information on the nights' specials, soups, and beer selections.  We were quick to decide on a draft beer and Thanksgiving Sandwich (turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sauce on a kaiser roll) for him, and a white wine and a Burger (with caramelized onions and a side salad) for me. 

Although the food was delicious (no, really!) and the prices were reasonable (I think the total bill including a we-really-liked-you tip was less than $50)--the real reason for us returning to 1518 is the staff and the atmosphere. The space is small and intimate and it was the perfect hidden center city gem.  We will definitely be back!!
This bar kinda sucked. For whatever reason none of the food our party ordered tasted good. The burgers were very bland and had no flavor. The crab cakes were not very good either.

Probably wont be back. The only reason I didn't give it 1 star is because the atmosphere and decor was really cool.
I was here for Philly2night's VIP beer tasting in late April and the place had just opened. I was impressed by how great it looked inside. I can't believe it was the old cigar shop! I was also impressed with their craft beer list, which is being modified to include some additional great brews! 

I sat outside and enjoyed a beer along with some calamari. I also noshed on a few additional sample items, all of which were pretty good. I think they are off to a great start. I'm excited to go there again when they get their local artist installation.

The addition of 1518 Bar & Grille is pretty exciting to me, in general. Having worked over three years on Sansom Street, I've really had the opportunity to see it evolve. I watched Ladder 15,, Shanks and Five Guys all open, just on the 1500 block alone. It's exciting that even with the recession, there are still some improvements and strides being made.

I'll definitely be back to 1518 Bar & Grille, if anything, for the staff! The bartenders are friendly and welcoming.... Okay, I'm a little biased since I work with one of them!
The staff is SUPER friendly... GREAT music... The food? HUGE portions and AMAZING tasting food!!! The price is unreal here!!! What a hidden gem!!! I'm a FAN
Went there last night with a group of peers from my MBA program.  We went in without reservations and decided to take advantage of the happy hour specials.  The portions of the appetizers were great!  The table ordered wings and calamari and were leading surprised at hw large the servings were.  I ordered a burger which came out perfect!  Rick was our server.  He was very friendly, patient, and professional.  He really made the night with great suggestions and attends as the 6 of us decided what to eat.  Thanks Rick & 1518!
We had a nice meal here with family on a Thursday night. I'll give you the good, the great and the not-so-great:

THE GOOD:
-We enjoyed the appetizers - buffalo cauliflower and hush puppies. 
-I had a nice Greek salad with salmon. No complaints there.
-Good wine and beer selection.
-Nice menu options! 

THE GREAT:
-Our waitress was awesome, polite and checked in on us often.
-The bread pudding was OUT OF THIS WORLD. The one they had at the time we went was banana cranberry. I can't explain how the flavors went so perfectly together - sweet, creamy, tart. It was heaven.
-My FIL loved his short rib sandwich, which we heard was one of the most popular things on the menu.

THE NOT-SO-GREAT:
-My MIL did not love her Cobb salad, said it was "meh."
-Chicken cacciatore came with on the bone chicken, but was hard to eat.
-There is no vestibule to shield from winter winds, so our by the door table for 6 necessitated that I wear my scarf (and for a while my coat) at dinner.

We would come back again, probably in the warmer months! Thanks to the staff for a great meal!
Wonderful service. There's a good amount of outdoor seating. Happy hour is great with the apps. Many food items to choose from, the mussels were delicious.
We were in Philly and had just gone to the Reading Market.  It was about 4:00 PM.  It was time to have a few cocktails.  I did not want to go to a box place.  I wanted a local place.  1518 Bar met the bill.

Nice servers, small place not crowded at 4:00 PM.  Happy hour started at 5:00 PM. We stayed a couple of hours and when we left, the place was packed.  

Some times you just want a nice bar.  Just my two cents.
This place is pretty cool to have a drink and listen to music. Bartenders are friendly and quick to serve. Food is pretty good as well
Three friends and I had a great experience at 1518 Bar & Grill for the first night of SIPS. We each ordered drinks off the SIPS menu (Yuengling $3 and Chardonnay $4), and also shared a plate of the chicken fingers and fries. 

Our waitress was very attentive and friendly. Best of all, we saw photos of the owner on the wall, and quickly realized he was sitting at the next table. My friend immediately got up and introduced himself. The owner immediately came over, said hello and chatted with us for a while. He was very friendly and seemed to remember every patron in his bar. 

I didn't try any of the food, but based on how nice the owner was, I will definitely be back to try their food menu!
Came here with a group on a Monday night, about 10 of us. I had the calamari and a cheeseburger. The calamari was good and the portion was large. The burger was also good, good amount of everything. The shots are decent size and the beer was cold, so I was happy. The service was good, but not great. The server forgot to bring out the salad that came with the fish entrée, so she brought it out with the entrée, but didn't offer dressing. Around the table were a variety of entrées and everyone seemed to enjoy them. It was a relaxed atmosphere and they have a couple of TVs, but not like a sports bar, which I see as a good thing. Overall, I would say this is a nice place and the prices are very reasonable. Parking is difficult, but it's center city, so it's expected.
I know this restaurant/bar as a handy lunch place in Center City. I'd categorize it as a laid-back sports bar - there are TVs behind the bar, although they aren't that intrusive in the seating area in front of the bar as you come in to the restaurant. 

The list of draft beers is quite respectable, although not as extensive or interesting as some other places close by. But respectable enough, although that's not an issue at lunch. They don't have a huge selection of vegetarian dishes, but do have a few, not all of which I've tried. On my most recent visit, their Greek salad was very fresh, and the special Eggplant Medallion appetizer was huge for an appetizer serving. Our waiter was quite attentive and the meal arrived promptly. I would stop back.
Really cool little downtown spot where the service is fantastic and super-friendly. I got there with a friend and it seemed really crowded and unavailable but the manager (owner?) saw us and had a table cleared up for us (it wasn't being used for anything other than holding someone's coat). He was great and our server was amazingly attentive. Also, the food was very tasty. I had the short rib sandwich and some wine and got to taste the garlic parm wings. Since it was a Saturday night, the thumping music has to begin eventually, so it's not exactly a quiet night out but fun, exciting and affordable nonetheless. Definitely give this place a try.
Good place to get some drinks on a week night. I patronized 1518 bar & grill on a Monday. I thought the selection of beer, wine, and cocktails was excellent and had a pleasant time at 1518 Bar & Grill. I think this is a fine place to get a drink with friends or co-workers after work.
I have passed this place a million times, but last weekend my boyfriend insisted we go for dinner. I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised. It isn't very big inside but very cozy and comfortable. The food was excellent. The manager I believe his name was Eddie? was very personable and another reason I will be going back. This place is definitely going on our weekend food rotation.
I give this place a 2 for the following reasons: 1. I felt embarrassed that I chose this place over Oyster house next door, 2. The food isn't as good as I thought it would be. The menu seems so good but the actual food is definitely below par. I got a calamari for appetizer, apple walnut salad for salad and mushroom risotto for my main course. My bf got short rib sandwich, which I think wasn't that bad. It was very tasty. However the salads didn't seem fresh and the calamari was very chewy. As for service, the staff is pretty good. I would say that if you're looking for a real good food, you wouldn't find it here. Everything here taste like hangover food but pricey.
Came here for a late dinner; they serve classic american food, mainly sandwiches and salads! I got the Filet Tips sandwich and it was really good! The aioli really made a difference, and the meat was chewy but not tough. My friend's brisket sandwich though wasn't very good, the meat was too dry so it was hard to eat all of it. Prices are good, fries are great, the side salad was good too! Overall no huge complaints.
Accepted Uber pick up order and said it was ready even though the kitchen was closed. After going to pick up order, they acted like they didn't get anything even though someone at the restaurant confirmed it was ready.
I came here on a Thursday evening right before the restaurant restrictions let up. I'll give them props for being one of the few places open late (all of Sansom is pretty much dead during that time of year). That being said though, I had a pretty poor experience. The servers were running around and wouldn't take our order for like 25 minutes, and we actually had to go up to pay the bill. We got the calamari which was fine - standard bar food, and a couple of beers. They didn't really wipe down the tables in between too so our entire table was sticky from the last group. This is probably what you expect a busy bar to be like on a Thursday, but for something that has table service - there was definitely a lot of room for improvement. I would probably recommend coming here for lunch on a weekday (if you're in the mood for run-of-the-mill pub food)
We came here for lunch on a Friday and we probably won't be back. Half the problem was the service and half was the food. We had to ask our server 3 separate times for water. When we sat down we were the first table in the joint, so it's not that hard. 

I had to leave my seat to find the waiter to place our food order, which was just weird. It was all brought out and left at our table, but without silverware or napkins. Once again, I had to leave my outside table to walk inside and get napkins and silverware for the table. It wasn't busy. 

The burgers we ordered were average at best. Had the food been outstanding we would have dealt with the server, who needs training. There are too many other places to try than to come back to 1518. It's too bad because the ambiance and location is great.
Came here for drinks before and after an amazing dinner at Butcher and Singer.  We didn't eat here obviously but the cocktails were utterly heavenly.  My favorite of the night was the Old Fashioned IPA.  They had a really good ice pick on the menu as well.  The drinks were surprisingly affordable during happy hour but we don't have the means to sit here all night if the drinks aren't on special.  Bartenders were really nice and very attentive, I know we will be back.
