Stopped by 2nd story on a Tuesday afternoon while we were in the area, and needless to say they weren't very busy during this time. They looked like they had some good brews, plus they were participating in the limited release collaboration beer, the Veterans-made Memorial Day DIPA.

The bartender today was super friendly and helpful. We decided to try a flight of My Better Hef bavarian hefeweizen, 3 Sheets belgian tripel, Ol McDonald farmhouse saison, and C's the Day imperial IPA. Each brew was incredibly delicious and unique from the next. I was happy with each of them, and thinking back, I probably should have left with a six pack of something. The limited release Memorial Day beer, Hurry Up and Wait, was delicious, satisfying, and complex in flavor.

If in the area, I'd definitely return again- and I'd recommend anyone else in the area to check them out as well!
For affordable upscale comfort bar food in the form of Brisket Poutine, Mussels, Flatbreads and more, this is the place to be. Here, Shrimp, meet BLT. When they pair sauteed shrimp with their secret sauce, good things are bound to happen. Also, their mini sliders are adorable and delicious. Of course- you'll be hooked on the tasty house-made brews. 
Tips:
- Take a seat on the 2nd floor, and you may see the brewery in act.
- On weekends, make reservation. It get crazy busy.

Four Yelps.
I had a severely bizarre experience at 2nd Story tonight.

I came in with a group of 25 people, in town for a conference. We explained as we arrived that we wanted to split the tab multiple ways, and we split our table into 3 groups of 8 to help simplify. We had multiple rounds of shots (pickle back) plus beers and dinner. I imagine we spent several thousand dollars. I had a panzanella salad with chicken. The chicken was severely over-cooked but I didn't complain. The rest of the salad was pretty tasty, as was the beer. My boss had the Caesar salad with steak, and he reports it was okay, but not worth the price for the meager portion of mediocre steak.

As far as I can tell, our group was well behaved, and tipped generously. We were friendly but not overly friendly with the staff, and *nobody* in our party was overly inebriated. As we were leaving, I overheard that WE WERE NOT WELCOME TO RETURN EVER AGAIN. I followed the manager outside and attempted for 5 minutes to discuss with him what his concerns were, but he refused to discuss it, stating that he had a business to run and didn't want to talk about it further, and I could talk to my peers to figure it out. I talked to the rest of our party, and as far as I can tell, the *only* complaint is that we wanted to pay with a dozen different credit cards. We were up front about this from the beginning, and as far as I can tell we settled our tab appropriately.

His attitude totally soured our night, and I'm still confused what happened. I imagine it's normal to have big parties in town for a conference, and I would not recommend 2nd Story for big groups.
5 Chicken Quesadilla: 3-cheese blend, flour tortilla, house-made pico de gallo- A great classic American chicken and cheese quesadilla. They were nice and cheesey and the chicken was diced small.

5Cheese Curds: For some reason I can't find them on the online menu, but they were great!! There was an abundance of them, we had to take them home! Came with an aïoli that was delicious too.

5 Adult grilled cheese: apple chutney, fontina, american, cheddar & applewood smoked bacon- One of the better adult grilled cheeses. The bread wasn't too thick. The cheeses all blended together wrapping together the apple chutney and bacon. You have a choice of salad or fries, we opted for french fries. The fries were great and tasted fresh cut.

5Great beer! Recommend the Bedti

Service was a bit slower than usual and the place wasn't packed but there was a 30th party going on upstairs. We were a party of 7, tucked away against the wall on the first floor.
Seriously torn on this rating. Right now, 2nd Story is hovering around 3.25 stars in my head... I think. Maybe. I'm not entirely sure. And I'm not sure they are either.

Since they opened, my visits have been spaced out at every two-three months, it seems. Each time I walk in, they have nearly a whole new draft list. Each newly named brew appears to have a similar flavor to its predecessor, and I'm not sure what all the switcheroos are for. (And..yes, I just seriously wrote switcheroos on a public website and I'm not going to delete it.)

A quick look back at my Untappd shows a favor toward their early/winter offerings, like the Riverwards IPA, and in March, the Revolver IPA. I've yet to see either again.

I think it's great, especially as a newish brewpub, that these guys are trying out things to see what works. But I also think that a touch of consistency could do them a world of good. Like the Hall and Oatmeal Stout? Where'd that pretty thing go? Or heck, the Sticky Icky IIPA was fantastic too.

Yesterday, upon asking for some recs, the bartender suggested their lager. He informed me that it's similar to "Yuengling in a can" to which I'm sure my face replied with "...." Slippery slope to compare to a giant, even if they may be a nearby/classic giant. Needless to say, I did not go for the lager.

I'm hoping to see a few familiar names on the menu my next time in. Like where'd the Tilted Barn go? I vote for a return!

As for the food, everything I've had so far has been great, but especially the adult grilled cheese. Like grilled cheese? Try theirs.
Made a reservation here based on Yelp reviews.  While I had good food and I think I like the atmosphere, the experience left me underwhelmed.  
When we arrived there was no one at the hostess station.  Finally a guy came up to the desk and saw us.  Looked right past us to the people standing behind us.  Apparently he worked there too so they went on to discuss when they each worked next.  Okay no worries.  Let them get that out.  So they left and he turned around and went back into the restaurant.  Another worker came up then and fiddled with some papers and then turned and went into the restaurant.  A few more minutes went by and we just were standing there.  Finally someone came up and said, "2?" and then we told him we had a reservation and he just sat us then asked us the name on the reservation and went on.  We were greeted by the same guy who talked to the people standing behind us and he seemed really nice.  But that's where it ended pretty much.  He took our order and we pretty much never saw him again.  Others brought out our food.  Oh he did check and ask how our appetizer was but then we never saw him again.  We weren't offered refills on our waters, more beers, how is the food, nothing.  We sat there and watched lots of servers flying around the restaurant (which wasn't really that busy for a Saturday evening).  And when I say flying I mean literally.  Twice I saw servers sliding down the stair rails and sliding across the floor.  Then our server had the water pitcher almost sideways under his arm as he carried other things to other tables.  The water was practically spilling and the lip of the pitcher where the water touches to be poured into guests glasses was surrounded by his armpit.  
I don't know.  That's just gross.  
On to the food.  The Poutine was pretty good.  Gravy was not too salty, there was a good amount of cheese and the fries were great.  My burger was slightly overcooked but still juicy and I liked the tomato jam and the greens.  
The beer was fine.  Nothing special but I enjoyed the Hefeweizen and the taste of the Peanut Butter Porter that I had.  
Overall wouldn't jump at the chance to go back because the service was so odd to me and the food didn't justify me coming back to feel like we weren't there.
Staying in town for the night and found this place was just up the street from my hotel. I arrived just after 8:00pm to find the bar area nearly deserted. Plenty of tables and room at the bar as well. Not sure if I just arrived between dinner and late night but was a little concerned.

The bartender was nice but not too talkative. Gave me a glass of hot cider to warm my hands and body after my cold walk. Ordered a sampler of the beers they had on tap - all were decent, nothing earth shattering. The menu looked good, ordered the pretzel bread pudding and although it wasn't very pretzely at all, it was still quite good. Definitely intend to return and try more of the food.
Obviously I'm going to like a local craft brewery in Philly. Of the last four words in that sentence I'm very passionate about four out of five of them. If you think I'm passionate about the preposition "in" then you are sorely mistaken. They'd really need to poison me or kick a puppy for this review to go sour. 

To be honest, I didn't love the first beer I tried there back in March 2015. Looking through my UnTapped app, my ratings are a little spotty for Second Story Brewing. On my most recent trip, I found a few the beers that tickled my taste buds.  Sanity Kryptonite and Adsultim IPA were both excellent specimens of IPAs. I also tried that Brewer's Widow (a black and tan) and the Goldin' Abbey Ale (pale ale-Belgian). Both were fine but just didn't do it for me.

On a cold weeknight, the brewery had a surprisingly decent crowd. My friend and I were able to snag bar spots, but it did take a little time to flag down a bartender to place a beer order. It also took a while to flag down the bartender again to place a food order. We split the asparagus pizza and it was a delightfully gourmet pie with mornay sauce, shaved asparagus, bacon, truffle oil and pecorino. We just didn't expect it to take so long for a pizza. 

It was a chill scene overall though and not the typical Old City vibe. One song that stuck out was by Beck. I felt I could've hung out there for a while. 

So although I haven't loved all of the Second Story beers I've tried, didn't think the service was overly attentive and thought it took way too long for a pizza; I applaud them for being a local craft brewery that brews a few beers I've enjoyed and cooks up a great gourmet pizza. Add in a great atmosphere for beer sipping and I think I've found myself a winner.
While I did enjoy stopping into Triumph Brewing Co for a fresh brewed beer and a bit of live music over the years, I far from the minority in admitting that their was something about it that declined over the years, to the point that I wasn't too surprised when I heard that it was closing down. Since it was bittersweet to see brewpubs like Independence become something else after closing, I was relieved to see that 2nd Story was moving in. And after the first visit I enjoyed what they had to offer.

When I stopped in for a First  Friday visit that consisted of Cultrereal delivering some smooth reggae vibes and enjoying a couple brews, I didn't really notice much difference between the 2 brewpubs, even after I walked around to enjoy the interior. But as soon as I sampled their stout, pumpkin beer, and Irish red I was able to taste and savor the difference of the crisp and refreshing ingredients and overall love that they put into their beers.

I give a four for now because I didn't have the chance to enjoy their food and only chilled bar side among a couple of friends. But initial review of the menu shows a well thought out mix of foods that's perfect for meat lovers, veggie lovers, and people who are just looking to grab a quick bite during a show or tasting event. And its especially perfect to see them list beer pairings for various items on the menu. So I'll definitely have to be back for a cheese board, Danny Boy pizza, or one of their secret burgers.
Great beer and yummy food at 2nd Story! I came here around 4pm on a Saturday in a group of 3, and there was plenty of seating available.

I ordered the Daily Double (double IPA) and also tried my dad's My Better Hef (Bavarian hefeweizen), both of which were great! 

To eat, I had the Arancini (fried risotto balls, panko breadcrumb, parmesan, and fontina, served with marinara). They were delicious! My mom had the Adult Grilled Cheese (apple chutney, fontina, American, Cabot cheddar, and applewood smoked bacon) with fries, and my dad had the Shrimp BLT (sauteed shrimp, shredded lettuce, tomato, applewood smoked maple bacon, and secret sauce) with fries. They said the sandwiches were delicious, but a bit pricey.

The service was consistent and friendly. I definitely plan to go back and try the other beers on tap.
Came here with some out of town visitors with the aim of grabbing a late dinner and watching the Monday Night Football game.  Knowing this is a brewery and not a sports bar, I was very pleased when our server was willing to change one of the bar TVs to the game.  

All four of us opted for a beer flight, which was a bargain at $7.50 for four five-ounce pours.  Any of the nine beers they had on tap were available for the flight, including their in-house brews.  I particularly enjoyed Fritzie's Lager - very drinkable and tasty!

We ordered some appetizers and never felt rushed by our server since he knew we were sticking around for the game.  The black bean eggrolls were delicious and satisfying, and the napa cabbage cups with Beyond Meat "chicken" had me doubting I was eating soy protein and not real chicken!  They were very flavorful with a bit of a kick thanks to the jalapenos.  My sister, a vegetarian, was pleasantly surprised by how veggie-friendly the menu was, and was happy that they were willing to modify almost any dish that included meat.

If you are like me and are a sucker for a myriad of cheeses and bacon, do not be fooled by the adult grilled cheese.  Three of the four people in our party ordered one, and we were all underwhelmed.  2nd Story, please swap in a thinner, more interesting bread instead of texas toast-style sourdough and this could be SO much better!

Although I was disappointed by my entree, the appetizers were tasty, the beer was good, great service and an awesome atmosphere.  They had a "jam session" on a Monday night from 10 pm - 1 am.  Super cool and unexpected!  This would be a great place for a laid-back date or a low-key get together with friends.

I'll be back!!!
I wasn't expecting much from this place but boy did it deliver. I went for dinner on a Sunday, there was no wait and we were greeted immediately. The server was friendly and prompt. We ordered two flights and tasted all the beers, they were really good. Next we ordered the arancini which were deep fried perfectly and over flowed with cheese. I ordered the shrimp BLT and although a little light on shrimp it was fantastic. After the meal we ordered the cinnamon sugar pretzels which were mediocre at best and the boozy adult sundae which was also pretty meh.  
All in all the service was great, the beer was awesome, and the food was fantastic but skip dessert and get an extra beer!
Wandered in here randomly as we are from out of town. So glad we did. Husband and I Ate and drank at the bar even though there was plenty of seating - just for fun. 

Beer was great and nice variety. Food was even better. I had the scallops and he had the tilted barn burger...both fantastic and a perfect amount of food. Nice variety on the menu without being overwhelming. I'm pretty picky, and there were several things I would've gotten. 

The atmosphere is also very cool. I love that the beer is brewed right above where you sit at the bar. Vaulted ceilings and hence the name, two story seating. Rustic/industrial, yet cozy feel. 

Staff, especially the one bartender were awesome and gave us advice on what to do while in town and we shared a few laughs. 

I hope to be back very soon!!!
Stopped in here on a Thursday night when we were looking for happy hour. Was pleasantly surprised to find the space inside is huge, and the bar was almost completely empty... perhaps isn't the best sign for the restaurant, but I was grateful not to have to battle for elbow room at the bar. 

We each had a pint, and both enjoyed them.  Though there's a wide selection of their own beers on tap, there's only one at the discounted happy hour price. Luckily it was one that appealed to me, so no complaints here. 

We also ordered the pretzel bites.  For Philly, they weren't very pretzel-y at all. I'd probably actually call them glazed rolls.  The cheese sauce they were served with was a bit bizarre, but the grain-y mustard was good. 

I'd definitely come back for a drink. The big space makes this an easy crowd pleaser, even if I'm not sold on the food yet.
I brought my family here for dinner two nights ago for some good food and good company. Service was relatively quick and the food was all good and large portions. 
I would recommend the fried chicken sandwich if you want something to really fill you up. They have great pretzel buns (but they absolutely will fill you to the brim).
The best part about this brewery is the prices. This is one of few places in center city you can get craft beer for less than five dollars. This place is mostly clean and well kept, and very nicely air conditioned on hot summer nights, something I was grateful
for the night I went.

Along with their own beer they do serve wine and spirits as well, with a reasonable cocktail menu to match. I happened to just stick to beer, and from what I experienced their beer is generally quite typical.

I'll start with the bad; Dark Money, their saison, is extremely forgettable. It is not too spicy or salty like a typical saison, and while it is tart it is not a great specimen. Their oatmeal stout, Belgrave Crescent, starts out well enough but ends on an extremely and uncharacteristic bitter note that left a lingering terrible taste in my mouth.

There is good as well though. The Goldenrye has a nice flavor that is very crisp and has pleasant mouthfeel. Sticky Icky, their double IPA, was probably their best offering. It is slightly sweet but not cloying, and has the perfect amount of kick an IPA should have without being too bitter. 

I would come back here. That being said, I'm not dying to come back here and probably wouldn't go out of my way for more of their brews. If you're in the area and like craft beer, then by all means check it out. There isn't anything extremely unique here, but you might find a decent brew or two on tap.
An absolute gem in Old City! 2nd Story Brewing has the space that makes it perfect for work and birthday gatherings - a large bar downstairs and upstairs with plenty of seating on both levels - but also delivers on food and drinks. You know one of those places that you only go to with your (very large group of) coworkers because they have large space but very mediocre food and not-so-great light beer? Well 2nd Story Brewing isn't one of them!

The beer is on the cheaper side and delicious. The food entries also hit the nail on flavor. I had the chicken sandwich last time I was here, and it was perfection when paired with the craft beer made in-house. Service is always friendly and attentive.

This is overall a very solid choice for good food and beer when you're in Old City!
I checked this place out for the first time with my husband this past Thursday evening. I hadn't been here since Triumph occupied the space, so I was excited to check it out.

To say the least, it seems a little disjointed. If I'm visiting a brew-pub type place in mid January, I'm going to expect to see seasonal beers on the menu - porters, spiced ales, stouts, etc. Instead, I was surprised to see a menu filled with IPAs, IPLs, Pale Ales, and a Red Rye Ale. The only dark beer in the house, an Oatmeal Stout, was kicked of course. I settles for the Red Rye Ale, which was just ok.

We also ordered the Fondue Fries, which came out ice cold. The "fondue" sauce was also a little strange - it had a raw flour taste and was a little lumpy like the roux hadn't been cooked out and whisked long enough.

I also have a huge beef with this new trend in service, and by service, I mean disconnected hipsters who have no interest in actually delivering a memorable or even acceptable experience. Wanting a cocktail, I tried to engage the bartender, asking questions about what cocktails he likes to make, etc. He couldn't give me a straight answer and didn't seem interested in making anything. I finally settled for an Old Fashioned that was drinkable at best.

This place is in a great location. It has so much potential to be great. There are a lot of loose ends that need to be tied up, however. Make the beer list more seasonal, fix whatever is going on in the kitchen, and train your bartenders to serve their guests a little more enthusiastically. I will give this place another shot for sure because I want it to be good. Hopefully I just went on a bad night.
Horrible service. Food was cold. Went with a large party that arrived at two different times and they put it all on one bill. Part of the party left, the last group didn't k ow and got stuck with an excess of $70 on the bill. Beer was ok. Would NEVER go there again!
I made a mental note to try this place out awhile ago and completely forgot about it until my friend and I wanted to get dinner somewhere in the city. I had been to this location years ago when it was Triumph, so I was glad to see that another brewpub took its space. Brewpub options in CC are definitely limited especially with Nodding Head closing.

We had about a 15min wait for a table so got our flights at the bar while we waited. I had the wit, lager, five mile ale, and dirty blonde while my friend had the wit, lager, dunkel, and stout. The wit was both of our favorites. I also really liked the dirty blonde even though it was more on the hoppy side. They really didn't have a ton of beers to choose from, but that's to be expected from a smaller brewing operation. I would've liked to see some more light/non-hoppy beers available. 

We moved to our table which was a high-top in the bar area...oddly enough, the exact same spot I sat at Triumph years ago. For food, we got the pretzel bite appetizer and then we each got the adult grilled cheese. It was so hard to choose, everything on the menu sounded so delicious! The pretzel bites were yummy and buttery, and came with a creamy cheese sauce and a horseradish mustard. The cheese sauce definitely had more cream than cheese, would've liked the opposite... but it was still good as was the horseradish mustard. The grilled cheese was heaven on big chunky sourdough bread! Fries were ok, not my favorite.

After another beer, we realized they actually had a really good looking cocktail list. I switched it up and had this fig cocktail which was the perfect summery drink, I could see putting back many of those. I had another drink, can't remember what it was, but it had rosemary in it. It was good, but not as good as the fig one. My friend had the rum punch type thing and it was super minty but decent. 

The bathrooms are co-ed, each their own little room with a sink so that was kinda cool. As the night went on, the place was getting packed and we were basically forced out because people were literally leaning on our table since we were by the bar. Not their fault by any means, but just be aware that if you're at a bar table and it's getting later. When we got our check, I was surprised at how cheap it was! I was thinking we easily put back $100 worth of food and drinks, but it was only around $80. 

Definitely a good option for brewpubs - beer, cocktails, food, and service were all great! I'd definitely like to stop back here at some point to try some more menu items.
Beer selections are rotating and always great! I suggest the pizzas and the burger topped with a fried eye. Oh and the Poutine with corn beef is a must try! It was a special when I was there. The menu is way better than typical bar food but still not a lot of healthy options. The kale salad is a good light lunch. But honestly, go for the beer!
Mediocre beer. Pregnant women shunned due to eating ice cream, both inside and outside.  

Also if not mentioned previously, mediocre beer at best.
Situated in a great neighborhood with a cool chic, industrial ambiance, 2nd Story Brewing looks like a fun place to enjoy some beer and snacks. While the food and beer are very good, the poor and unprofessional customer service we received left a very sour taste and is keeping me from rating it any higher. 

We were not informed by the host when we were seated upstairs that the upstairs menu was limited. We only learned this after we attempted to order two beer flights and the bartender (very surly) told us that they didn't do beer flights upstairs, even though they're listed on the menus they give you. Definitely a bit of a turn off, but since we can understand an upstairs bar having a limited menu and the beers were fairly inexpensive, we decided not to let this deter us and ordered  some full sized beers to share. Once we decided on what beers to order, it felt like the bartender was purposely ignoring us (the bar was fairly empty too). This became very obvious when he tried to wait on someone else who just walked up to the bar, and they TOLD him he should wait on us first since we've been waiting there for quite some time. When I asked if we could order food at the bar, he claimed that would be difficult because apparently the food runner wouldn't know where to bring it. There was nothing anywhere that said there was limited or no food service upstairs. Others seated around us also had food. It was apparent to us he just didn't want to be bothered with another food order. When our food finally did come out, we witnessed the same bartender tell the food runner "I don't know who ordered that, just walk around until you find whoever ordered them". This poor guy was going table to table until we were able to flag him down.

In terms of the actual food and beverage, we liked what we tasted. The beers here are pretty solid; we did the Bull's Rye (saison) and the  My Better Hef (a hefeweizen). The finishes were very solid and aromic; the dry, clove finish on the Bulls Rye was my favorite. The hefeweizen definitely had a nice, rich character to it, with just the right balance of bitterness. We opted to go with the pretzel bites, since they're a classic craft beer pairing, which were fantastic and some of the best I've ever had. The pretzels are moist, not overly salted and come with both a mustard and beer cheese fondue for dipping. The mustard was packed a powerful punch. The beer and cheese in the fondue complemented each other especially well. 

As I've said before, I can understand it being difficult to offer certain services and menu items in an upstairs bar. However if that's the case, customers simply shouldn't be offered them to begin with.
Formerly the home of Triumph Brewing, and you'd hardly know it's changed. Still an excellent craft-brew pub. Don't be put off by the apparent appeal to the tourists, the TV sets, and the noise level ... this place delivers reliably good pub fare, somewhat upscale, and of course an excellent list of draft beers made on the premises. On a recent visit, we had a very attentive waiter who kept his promise in getting us out in time for a theater start time. Fish and chips are quite good, chicken quesadilla got high marks, as did the quinoa salad. Outdoor seating is available, although it's somewhat limited.
Stopped by here with my boyfriend on Saturday to watch some college football and drink some beers. When we arrived at three the place was pretty packed, however we were able to squeeze a spot at the bar. We both decided to order a flight and found the beers pretty underwhelming compared to what you'll find at some other local brew houses. Out of all the beers offered in the flight we both agreed the tripel was the best.

The food looked good, but unfortunately I was so turned off by the state of their dirty bathrooms (communal bathroom sitch) that I opted to go grab bar food somewhere else.

Overall, just ok - Nice to check out if you're in the area, but I certainly wouldn't run here.
I'm looking for my favorite local brewery, and 2nd Story is in the running. They have outdoor seating--my preference these days. They require vaccination for indoor diners and take it seriously for their own safety. 

The beers we tried were good. Something Revealing, a "Philly sour," was right up my alley. King of Prussia, an imperial stout, was rich and malty. My husband enjoyed his smoky rauschbier.

The burger was pretty good. Fries were good too.
Awesome brewery on 2nd street and will definitely be going back more often!

Surprisingly, I've only been here twice and realized at my most recent visit last week, that I need to come back.  It's the old Triumph building, but 2nd Story has been around for a few years now.  The layout is pretty cool, with a large bar against the back right side of the restaurant, with high-tops and booths, and there's another seating area upstairs (didn't get a chance to go venture up there though).  I've always just sat at the bar and had an enjoyable experience.

The servers / bartenders are very nice, accommodating, and know a lot about the beer, which is great.  I mean, it's kind of (and should be) a pre-requisite to working at a brewery, but I've been to some that are the complete opposite.

They have unique beers available, but nothing too crazy or out of the ordinary.  I got their flagship flight, which included their Kolsh, Tripel, Lager, and Old City is Burning (rauchbier), and all of them were delicious.  Their Tripel was up there being one of my fav beers, as it's high in content, but goes down extremely smooth and not an alcoholic aftertaste (caution: dangerous, in a good way).  I'm not a big fan of Kolsh's, but there's was really tasty and flavorful, and had a little body to it.

Their menu looks decent, and although I've never eaten here before, will definitely look to get something next time.  Overall, a solid spot to grab some delicious beers and watch a game (and assuming their food is on point too, as many people were eating).
What a gem this place turned out to be! I met up with a friend here, we each got a beer and split a burger and fries (their aioli is amazing FYI), and we were both fat and happy by the end of our meal, and it came out to only $23. Our server was super attentive and helpful, I can't wait for an excuse to go back.
Came here for the first time on Saturday for some day drinking and college football. The look of this place is absolutely fantastic - from the seating areas (very sleek) to the bathrooms (gender neutral shout out) to the second story brewery style aesthetic. The beer list was impressive (also considering the in-house brew option) and the food list made my mouth water (I was famished so decision making was difficult). I opted for the Dark Money Saison and was delighted with the taste and crispness this beer offered. After much deliberation, I decided on the fish and chips - other food on the table included the arancini, Tilted Barn Farmhouse Burger, and fried chicken sandwich. The arancini were to die for (something I rarely have by get overly excited for when I see it on a menu) and a perfect was to start the meal. The chicken sandwich looked amazzzzing (definitely getting that next time - it's topped with fried pickles and jalepenos!), the burger looked good, but I must say I was a bit disappointed in the fish and chips. The tartar sauce was incredible, but the fish itself wasn't as bready as I hoped - when I get fish and chips I want greasy and super deep fried, but the fish was a bit meaty (which honestly is not a bad thing, just not what I was seeking with this particular meal). I will definitely need to return here to try some more of the food.

Just as an aside, our server Julia was fantastic! She was attentive but not overly so, made sure drinks were always filled, and ensured that we had a lovely time. Another shout out to the manager-in-training who changed the channel on the middle TV to show the LSU game!
Got into Philly and wanted to check out the local brewery. Immediately, we were approached with a sour attitude. The bartender told us that they were out of food and we should leave. We politely told them no, we were here for drinks. We asked a few simple questions about the beer and the process and were treated with short, snide remarks. My group of 5 thought maybe he was just in a rush but the bar was fairly empty. The beer was decent, but we were left with such a sour taste in our mouths to give this place a decent review. 
Customer service skills go a long way, 2nd Story. Remember that.
We went in around 4pm with a party of 8 people.  The place was busy and the upstairs was closed.  Our waitress came and brought us water when she introduced herself.  figure good start, we should have a great meal but that was not the case.  She was nice but she barely came back to check on us.  With a party of 8 its automatic 20% tip, you figure she would be a little more attentive but no.  The food took a long time to come out, almost 1/2 hour.
I ordered the pull pork sandwich and it was SALTY!!!  but after waiting so long, we were too hungry to send it back.  Others in my party had the fish and chips and Shirmp BLT.  They were good but waiting so long for you food just especially when its not complicated is disappointing.  The waitress was hard to flag down and we never got our glasses refilled until the end of the meal!  At the end of the meal, we notice meter was going to be up soon so I actually got up looked for the waitress (who was in one of the computer kiosks talking to another server) and asked for the check.  I went to the washroom, came back to the table and still no check.  My sister had to go and tell her please can we get the check because the meter will be up.  Only then she printed the check.  Needless to say my sister was not happy seeing the 20% charge when we got little to no service.
This is one of the places we like to come to when we visit Philly but after this time, I will be removing it from my list.
We made reservations for 15 people at 5:30 on a Tuesday night. Family from Michigan, Ohio and Germany were in town for my father-in-law's funeral. We got there a little early and the table was ready -- great! 

Things went downhill from there. The service was just terrible. The servers kind of disappeared, leaving dirty plates and glasses on the table to the point where we really had no room. My husband and I bussed the table ourselves and piled the dirty dishes on a nearby table. They still weren't coming back, so we went to the bar to place additional drink orders. 

The whole experience was embarrassing. We've been to this place five or six times and the service was subpar every time. Never again. The food and beer are fine, but it's not great enough to make up for the bad service. There are plenty of better places in Old City. Go to the Khyber Pass instead.
Before I begin, their beer is excellent.  Go here for beer and bar food.  This review concerns their special event hosting.  

I hosted my rehearsal dinner here on 10/16/15.  We had 30ish guests, and ordered buffet style food with a 2 hour open bar.  We had asked for a mix of high and low top tables, but when we arrived the room was set up as low 4 tops, so no one really mingled, they just grabbed their food and went back to their little crew of people.  The buffet was totally unlit, so you couldn't really see what you were selecting from the buffet.  There were several complaints of raw chicken in the buffet, which were handled by staff in a very rude fashion.  The steak with brussels sprout hash was very good though, so that disappeared early.  

The way the open bar was handled was terrible.  I was the groom and I didn't get served a beer until 40 minutes into the 2 hour window.  There were only two rude servers who seemed annoyed that 30 people all wanted beer/wine during the open bar.  They would disappear from the room for 10 minutes at a time and come back with 5 beers on a platter.  This is a brewery, when you host an event with open bar and you make the beer in house, maybe open an actual bar with some kegs behind it to serve people from!  They told us that the upstairs bar was having issues, which doesn't matter at all since there is a downstairs bar as well, so walk on down and come back with enough beer for people to have a good time!  Once we complained to the woman who was running the show (Steph) things started to improve, but honestly I can't recommend that anyone host a group here.  They didn't adequately prepare for the crowd.  If I am paying for 30 people to drink at a brewery on my dime for 2 hours, I expect that these people will have a few beers each.  

Of course when the 2 hours was up the servers made themselves much more available.  I imagine that this had to do with getting cash tips handed directly to them rather than working for the predetermined gratuity that was included with the event bill.

I wish I could have rated this a 1.5 star, but 2 stars implies that it was just "meh" rather than actively badly managed.  This place has good beer and good food, but the event planning leaves much to be desired.
Awesome brewery which is coincidently locating in the bustling Old City. If you're hanging out by the Delaware River, then I highly suggest coming by. The seating is bountiful and the staff works as a great team which makes stopping in a pleasure.

I was very impressed with the beers. There were about eight options on tap of which six were seasonal specials. Given that it was a hot day, I opted for a couple lighter beers: a saison and a wheat. Both beers had full bodies and had tremendous flavor from the initial pour to the last sip.
Great beer and delicious food! I normally get a flight (4 beers, $10). This time, though, I just went with the IPA and a Pale Ale. Both great, hoppy beers, less bitter than West Coast varieties. The food this visit was the best yet. Roast beet salad with well dressed greens, roasted onion sticks, on a pool of goat cheese like a greek yogurt. Delicious! I also enjoyed the roasted salmon with asparagus over a horseradish cream, that was a great combination. The place can be busy on a Saturday night, but with an upstairs space and good size downstairs, there is rarely a wait.
Stopped by here for a few drinks with my friend before we went to eat dinner for restaurant week. This place was really nice and laid back. The bartenders were really friendly and the happy hour drink menu was not too bad.

Bar
Under the bar there is a hook where you can hang your bag also there are outlets under the bar so you can charge your phone. I definitely should have brought my charger lol my phone died a little after dinner started but that's okay. Next time I will bring my charger because there will be a next time I will visit this place.  

I ordered the flight which lets you try few beers they have on tap and then had the DARK MONEY beer. The noise level was average it was not too loud and could talk to my friend in a normal voice.
 
Bathrooms
Totally different from what I am used to. I went to the restrooms and was looking for the women's room.. LOL there is no women's or mens restroom. They have restrooms but each stall has a toilet,sink,mirror and trash can. So there is not just a womens or mens restroom they just have one big one hall way thing with individual stalls but like high ceiling stalls that have everything you need in a bathroom in one stall. I like this and its totally different but I like different. Until next time and next time I will try the food because the food that was coming out of the kitchen looked amazing.
This place is really solid. I've never had a bad experience here, and have been here a good handful of times. 

They brew their own beer, which is pretty hit or miss, but when it's a hit, it's really good. The food is delicious and well-made. Our go to here and the thing we will come all the way to old city for is the fundido, a skillet of what is effectively queso, with jalapenos, shredded chicken, and salsa, along with their amazing chips. So. Good. $9. The flatbreads are also very tasty.

The staff are also amazingly nice, from the bartenders to the hostesses to the waiters/waitresses. It gets crowded on weekends, but during the weekdays when it's nice and empty, it's a great place to sit at the bar, chat with the bartender, and grab a beer.
Stopped in for a quick bite to eat. The service was friendly and the food was good. The atmosphere and vibe were cool. The menu isn't to extensive however they have most staple items that you'd expect. I opted for the  pulled pork and it was very good. Would go 
back if in the area.
Enjoyed my first visit to 2nd Story. Our party of 6 was able to call ahead a few hours in advance and get a nice reserved spot together (at 6pm on a Friday evening).

The staff was very friendly, accommodating, and nearly everyone at the table enjoyed a mix of appetizers, beers, and entrees. They have an impressive assortment of food offerings for a local brewery!

My favorite beer was the Big Mo Stout ($5-6) for a 10-16oz pour). My favorite appetizer was the pretzels, which are more like pretzel bites and great for sharing ($6 on happy hour from 5-7pm). My favorite entree was the fish and chips ($18), which was a great sized portion served with fries.

Look forward to coming back and trying a few more brews and bites!
We came here before the Gorillaz concert for a couple drinks! It wasn't busy but there were still people here. We sat at the bar and had a couple beers, which were delicious! The servers and bartenders were all very welcoming and nice.

It was a really cool atmosphere. The lighting was dimmer, which I prefer because I don't like brightness. We didn't order food so I cannot judge on that, but the menu did look scrumptious! 

I was googling/yelping breweries in the area and this one and a couple others came up. This one was one of my faves! I would likely return here if I ever went back to Philly for anything.
The food is overpriced, and awful. The beer is flat. The service is unbelievably terrible. The bathrooms look like a scene from a horror movie or prison. The irritating music playing competes with a loud humming noise coming from their heating system. The managers have no idea what they're doing so they take it out on the staff right in front of customers. Also, don't look down at the floor b/c you might find a roach crawling around for crumbs. GLADLY, never going back.
Came here for a quick dinner before hitting up winterfest with a group of friends. We had a large party and made a late reservation, but the staff was super accommodating and friendly. They are a story home grown bar with a cozy Christmas feel (we spent a decent amount of time Snapchating the Christmas tree). For drinks, they have a decent seasonal beer selection and have happy hour until 7pm. We shared the ariancino for an appetizer which was good and I had a magherita flatbread which was good, but honestly nothing special. My friends got the salmon and the chicken sandwich which they enjoyed, but also said it was nothing spectacular. Overall, the drinks and atmosphere is great. The food is good but nothing too fancy.
Cool atmosphere. That's the only positive thing I can say about this place. The food was okay, not bad just very underwhelming. The loaded tots were good especially the spicy dipping sauce. The chicken sandwich was lackluster. My friends flatbread was cold and his girlfriend took two bites of her shrimp BLT. Honestly I'd give them another chance/higher rating if not for the god awful service. The server was inattentive and rude. Maybe he just didn't care bc he knew he was getting a 20% tip since we were a party of 8 and it's automatically added. As a former server, I'd never leave less than 15% bc I've been in those shoes. 15% would've been an extremely generous tip for this guy and he should count his lucky stars he got 20%. It took 25 minutes to get our first round of drinks. He brought 3 of the 5 we ordered, forgot one and told another they couldn't make hers and took another 10 mins to bring her alternative drink. Never asked how anything was and only came to the table when necessary. He was MIA when it came time to pay we had to bring the check and credit card to the bar so we could get out of there.
Scallops on scalloped potatoes!

This dish is extremely worthly of a proper review. Came with three large scallops that were cooked perfectly and scallops are not easy to cook if you have ever tried! The scalloped potatoes were very good and I do not find scalloped potatoes often and I go out quite often. My only complaint would be the serving size, they could have gave a larger portion of potatoes and at three scallops the dish just looks like not a lot of food because it isn't. At $16 for the meal it is a very reasonable price however.

The pretzel bites appetizer looked very good as this was ordered for the table. Looked a bit doughly but I will be back to order it most likely. I have been here before for the beers as this is a brewery and I was not impressed as many of the beers had a flavor that was not desirable to me - a lot of them were flavors that were too eccentric and not the type of beer you can have more then two of. 

Anyway if you are a fan of Scallops I highly recommend you come for them as long as they are on the menu.
Hot dog - 4.0 
Fries 5.0
Beers 4.0
Service 4.0
Cool place in cool neighborhood 
It's always sunny in Philadelphia!
Really chill brewery with lots of space and seating.  Perfect for bigger groups looking to get some drinks and snacks.  It wasn't too crowded for a Saturday afternoon but there was a decent sized group of people.  We ended up in the upstairs seating area, which requires you to order everything from the bar.  

I usually get flights at breweries but I was feeling a pint that day.  The Pier 53 Pale Ale was a lighter mosaic brew with a touch of citrus and hoppy flavors.  It was refreshing and really hit the spot on a warm day!  One of my friends got the Old City is Burning, which had a really strong Smokey smell and lingering aftertaste.  It was totally different from anything I've tasted.  

The menu had some awesome appetizer and sandwich options to choose from.  We went with the hot dogs that were served on the best pretzel rolls.  There are three different varieties of toppings and you can get one, two, or three in each order.  I ended up having one topped with caramelized onions and bacon, and another with sauerkraut and whole grain mustard.  Really filling sandwiches and the queso my other friends ordered was super creamy.  I would come back and get appetizers to share, try the pulled pork sandwich, or even get the BLT!
We were out exploring Philly and needed a good place to eat. This was a cool brewery. I tried some beer that had chicory in it. It was so good! 

I tried their fried chicken sandwich and it was delicious! Service was good & there wasn't a wait for a seat. The place did get pretty packed towards the early evening.
I was really in the mood for a fried chicken sandwich, and my go to place Love & Honey was closed and not taking anymore delivery orders. So I went with 2nd Story Brewing for a fried chicken sandwich. It came with mayo and fried pickles on top, plus a side of fries. The sandwich was $16.50 which I thought was pretty pricey. But I had a craving, so I ordered it anyway. 

The sandwich was very sub par. The chicken was dry, bland, and desperately needed a tangy sauce to balance it out. I mixed bbq & mustard and added it on top. It made a big difference! They really need to look into putting coleslaw or a sweet and tangy sauce on this sandwich. I was really excited for the fried pickles on top, but unfortunately they were rock hard. Like so stiff you would have thought the pickles were SVU victims and rigor mortis had set in. Anyway, the sandwich sucked, but the fries were AMAZING! They were super crispy, and seasoned perfectly! I always hold my breath when I get fries delivered because generally by the time it arrives, they are pretty flaccid. But not these fries! They were perfect! 

So overall, I didn't have a great meal, but I wouldn't rule trying this place again. They had a lot of other options in their menu that looked good! I don't recommend ordering the chicken sandwich, but I would definitely give this place another shot!
This brew pub is pretty freakin awesome.  You walk in, and there's huge amounts of seating, high top tables, and a very long bar that expands the entire wall.  There's an upstairs too, so you can see the large beer vats in the works of producing your delicious suds.  

I went last week during restaurant week, and was surprised they actually participated in the 4 courses for $35.  Even though the options were impressive, I didn't order anything from the restaurant week menu because the regular menu looked good enough, and was much cheaper.  I had the Adult Grilled Cheese, which was absolutely delicious.  3 different kinds of cheese (including manchego!), bacon, and a really yummy sweet apples inside, on thick sourdough bread.  I would totally order that again, every time!  It was a huge size too.  I got a side salad instead of fries, for no upcharge!   My date ordered the flat iron steak, cooked perfectly med rare, nice job chef!  The steak came on sprout hash with brussel sprouts and a really tastey demi glaze drizzled on top.  So good!  I want to come back and try the quinoa, fig & pear salad, and the Brisket in a Biscuit!  Looks so good!

The beers were average, they had too many pale ales on tap.  Not enough variety for a brew pub, but I do understand the IPAs are more in-season than tripels or sours, and I'm sure they will brew other stuff as the seasons change.  They had one stout option, I would have liked to see 2 stouts or a porter.  But they did have a Helles and a Saison, although the Saison was slightly bitter.  Also, they have a select few other beers that are not brewed by themselves, as second choices, which I liked.

Overall, 4.5 stars, but rounding up because the atmosphere here is totally cool, the renovations are stylish, the food is fantastic, and the service was great!  Also, an extra point because you can order smaller pours of beer for a lesser price!  No point wasting money if you don't like the beer, order a small to taste it!
After a bit of a walk through Old City and then the waterfront, wanted some brews and snacks before heading out. Oddly nice day out, so got a window seat at this very large brewery. 

When given the chance will always get a sampler ($8.50) - the Nubilus and Adsultim are strong IPAs with big hops, the Great Pumpkin has a flavorful pumpkin taste, and the Fritz being their generic lager that pairs well with food. Speaking of food, shared the Pretzels & Fondue ($8). The mustard has that spicy kick that doesn't completely clear your sinuses like similar mustards tend to do. Cheese is rich and both go very well with the buttery pretzel bites.

Service here is excellent; our waitress came in quickly and offered helpful suggestions. The place itself is good for groups or couples, with seating abound inside and outside. A great drinking hole in the area that I hope I can stop by again.
I will start by saying we had a large party, at least 20+ people. But the website says we accommodate large parties so? This is all on the fault of management not our waitress. She was hustling her ass off. But why would you assign 1 waitress for a 20+ top? Clearly they are just fine with the built in gratuity and give you the short end of the stick. Ordering food and drinks was like begging, things were incorrect, came out all out of order. If you want to celebrate a large party DO NOT COME HERE! Also the food was very subpar. The beer was good. That's it.
I came here for a work-related event which was pretty large, so any food that I wasn't particularly fond of will be attributed to the fact that they had to prepare things en masse.

I loved the ambiance here. 2nd Story is very spacious with lots of room at the bar, plenty of tables, and tons of bathrooms. 

I enjoyed the specialty cocktail with gin and cranberry juice, whose specific name I cannot remember at this point (that's how good they were). 

I loved the cheese and mustard that came with the pretzel appetizer. The pretzels themselves were so buttery that they really didn't need any dip, but I used them anyway because they were so good.

The shrimp quesadilla wasn't my thing, but I enjoyed the chicken quesadilla. They also have a straight cheese option, which is good if you're vegetarian. They also have a ratatouille entree - how veg friendly of them! :)

I wasn't particularly fond of the "tomato jam" concoction that they placed atop their burgers. It seemed like a can of stewed tomatoes dumped on the burger. Just use ketchup!

The bread pudding wasn't bread pudding at all, so that was kind of a bummer. It was more like sliced bread on a plate.

The service was impeccable.

I would definitely return, especially for some drinks and apps at the bar.
Been there way too many times since it opened and always had a boatload of fun that was always centered around the outstanding beers.  

However, recently the beers have all gone downhill with each having hardly any head, not cold enough, and worse of all they all tasted similar to each other. Blah!  I heard a head brewer change occurred during the Spring, but how much time is it going to take for the beers to make it worth going back for?  Call me crazy, but this is a brewery first and foremost and if the beers remain sub-par this place should pack it in because paying for the overpriced food and bad beer is a total turn-off. 

And the bathrooms are gross and there were no paper towels to be found in any of the stalls or at the trough-like sink where only one faucet worked. Guys can deal with this stuff but not the ladies.  

Hello, is anyone in charge?
Had my son's rehearsal dinner here last night and it was amazing!  Marianne was so easy to work with and she delivered on every aspect. We had the entire second floor so there was plenty of room. The food was out of this world!  They really delivered during difficult times for olde city venues. 
Started to take pics but got interrupted and never got back to it but I can't say enough about the food.
Great Brewery hangout spot in the touristy area of Philadelphia. Spot to grab a beer watch a game and hang out with friends. Came here on a nice Saturday afternoon and not that long of a wait. Plenty of space to hang out wait for a table and grab a beer. Being a Lager Fan decided on the Fritzie Lager which was very good not heavy at all. The group of us decided on the Brisket Poutine which was a typical poutine but very tasty and plenty of gravy. You are able to share with a group of 3 other people in the group. For my meal I decided on the Quinoa salad with Grilled Chicken. In my picture it will show green grilled chicken ( don't worry chicken wasn't old around St. Pattys day). Was worth the price of 12 dollars and couldn't even finish. The other people in my group advised the fried chicken sandwich was very good and the barn burger, but huge portions. Worth coming by and grabbing a beer and food. Also has a full liquor menu for non-beer drinkers.
Pretty cool. They have great burgers and fries and whatever else we ordered was awesome.. I will come back and I love their tap - a great selection
Definitely more restaurant than brewery, but missed expectations aren't what brought me to a 3 star... It was not busy when I stopped in and sat at bar, but bartender was very slow and didn't seem especially interested  in doing anything at all. Food was decent, but after a weekend eating in Philly by comparison you can eat much better food at comparable or even lower prices. Whether you are after a brewery or restaurant you can find better options nearby.
5 star food, 3 star cleanliness with 5 star service! Great little place to grab a meal while on a work trip. The wine and beer were very good, the food was absolutely excellent. Servers were all TOP NOTCH!! 

The bathrooms were dirty and that knocked this experience from 5 stars to 4. If I'm grading solely on the bathrooms, I would not have eaten here. Hey are 2 star, for sure! It's not like "oh it's a busy day and I didn't have time to clean the bathrooms". It's way more like the bathrooms are an afterthought, in ill repair (missing toilet seat) and super dirty. The stall I was in had a sink and soap dispenser. Sink was dirty, toilet paper was empty and soap dispenser broken. Luckily there is a sink outside the stalls. If this were my place, I'd either fix the soap dispensers, clean the sinks or remove them. 

Shout out to Lauren and crew for the great service! Despite the bathrooms, I'll keep my options open to return!
"I want it all. I want the wall." That seemed to be the sentiment post-2 hour scavenger hunt when we walked into 2nd Story. After much walking and an early afternoon drinking naysayer (ahem, Edward!), we wanted to put our butts down and pick up drinks. I had the hot cider, and while it fell a little flat with the bourbon it did warm me up.

Though quoted above, Sari sat opposite me when I grabbed a backless stool near the wall and pulled the table closer. Staring at the menu I wanted pretty much everything on it. Instead, I opted for the adult grilled cheese. Fontina, manchego, AND cheddar? How could this not be delicious. 

Perhaps I've spoiled myself with Black Eyed Susan, but the sandwich was slightly lackluster. It was good, but it wasn't very warm and the apples were only in one spot. Ingredient distribution is important. I might have had soup as well, but I truly don't recall already.

It's possible the fact that we all seemed to be chilly, tired, and ravenous warped our sense of time, but unlikely. Once we had our few, no one stopped by to see if we wanted more drinks or anything else. Luckily, I had mentioned I wanted the in-house donuts when I ordered the sandwich.

The best part about the donuts was the accompanying 5-oz. porter. That thing was tasty, while the donuts were just not. Too dense, muddled in flavor, not particularly enjoyable. Le sigh. 

I'd still stop by again for drinks and appetizers.
Update:

Deb G.  Thanks! And your beer tastes like the garbage truck on Chico and the Man.
Stopped here for dinner on our way through the city and was not disappointed! The place wasn't busy, maybe because it was a Sunday night on a beautiful weekend, so we got seated immediately. My fiancé and I both ordered a 4-5oz beer flight. I got the pa lager, saison, evolve IPA and five mile ale. My first time trying their beers. All were really good (I tried some others too)!! The food was also delicious...I ordered the fried chicken sandwich which came with house made fried pickles and French fries. Everything was really, really good and next time I'm in old city, I'll definitely come back!
I had high hopes for this place because I loved the vintage warehouse feel. All things rustic attract my taste buds especially when there's craft beer. Unfortunately, the look did not match the eats. It was pretty typical bar food that was over priced for what it was to make it it seem better than it is. The beer wasn't too impressive either. It was just ok. I probably won't go back.
This place is gigantic !  In addition to a limited number of outside tables, there are two floors for indoor dining.  They offer a large assortment of in-house brewed beers on tap.

Going to a brewery where they not only make the beer but prepare the food can sometimes be tricky - either one is good and the other not so much - both here were great.

One of the specials for the night was a large bowl of mussels in a fantastic curry sauce. It was so good that we asked for a spoon to be able to eat all of the ingredients in the bowl, which included peas, potatoes, carrots and celery.  This special came with a glass of their Saison.  

The Fish & Chips were our 2nd entrée. The breading was very well prepared and perfectly crisp, with the fish tasty enough to almost be eaten by itself.  It was almost big enough for 2 people to share.  This was paired with their Hefeweizen.

So for the above (with both beers being very good), the bill, before tip, came to around $45. 

Well worth another visit.
Awesome experience!! This place has a great vibe and feel. Great beer and amazing food. Also unique cocktails. Great service too. I highly recommend and can't wait to return!
Stopped by 2nd Story this week. It's a cookie cutter brew pub fans of Mudhen or Iron Hill in Jersey will recognize.

The interior and design was probably the best thing about the restaurant. Exposed brick, exposed girders, and visible brewing tanks all added to the brew pub feel.

Unfortunately, it took 15 minutes for the one waitress (also the only bartender, poor girl) to take our drink order. There was a food runner, not really sure what he was doing. One of the owners or possibly a manager was on his laptop at one of the tables. Occasionally we watched him tear himself away from online shopping for cascade hops or whatever and deign to pitch in. Service, if you call it that, was poorly managed. 

Beer was pedestrian. Nothing special.

Food was really good. Wings were incredibly hot (we were warned). I also had a burger with, I think, fig preserve, cheddar and arugula. It was delicious. 

I'd come back *if* I saw the place was fully staffed and only for the food.
Awesome, just all around offering top-notch food and beer. I got a couple of growlers and wings for carry-out, and both were fantastic. The wings had a char-grilled quality that was really good, and of course the beer was delicious. We got the Wit and King of Prussia with zero disappointment. Great flavor great in both. I can't wait to order or visit there again.
During the last two times we visited this place, it was not pleasant. Both times the AC temperature was set so high as to be marginally non-existent, in other words it was warm inside. Then comes the beer. I ordered a flight and my partner orders a Fritz's lager. None of the beers had a head, essentially flat, and were warm. Warm beer? In addition, my favorite Declaration IPA was kicked. How can that be? It's made upstairs.
The first time we were there, the manager was summoned to possibly make it cooler inside. She refused, saying it was cool enough. Tonight the place was warm, and dead. Their servers have no personality, just doing their job. We left after one round and tried the new place around the corner, Plough and Stars. It was nice and cold inside and so was the beer. The place was jumping as no one will put up with a warm bar serving warm beer. Glory across the street also has cold beer.
We stopped in here for a beer as we we're walking around the city and found out they had Chickpea Fries as a special. With us both being vegan we were super excited and they were definitely amazing!! The sauce was unfortunately not vegan, but they brought us out ketchup instead. The bartender was super knowledgeable about what other foods on the menu were vegan. All the beers we tried were great as well! Definitely recommend this place!
Pretty much the Triumph brewery still in my mind except with way cooler art now .. 

We stopped in for a quick drink on our way to the Tall Ships Festival the other day. I appreciated that they have a 9 oz and 16 oz option for when you're just looking for a quick drink and not an entire pint (or if you're wanting to try a bunch of their beers). The wheat beer I had was tasty. We talked to the bartender who also did the amazing chalk art outside and inside the bar so you will definitely have to check that out. She does an amazing job!
Service by Ryan was very attentive and thoughtful, had a table for 7 ppl at 6:45 with reservations. Walked in table was reserved and ready. We started witha doble set of flights (4 beers for $7.50) and we ordered appetizers. 
Braised Spicey  pork fundido with pickled jalapenos, poblano cheese sauce, pico de gallo and corn tortilla. Chips. So good we had to ask for extra chips to lick the platter clean. And have a 2 nd serving of it..
Hanger steak done med-rare with romanesco sauce, wild mushrooms and brocoli rabe..so good it was gone before i could have seconds..
scallops with pear and pistachio puree, blood orange and pea tendrils. A homerun with the perfect seared scallop and the subtle savory flavor of the pistachios and the blood orange create a perfect combination of flavors. I certainly did not expect to find this dish at a brewary. I would have ordered this dish as a main course had i known it was so delicious and such a generous portion.
2nd story mussels with shallots, white wine, thyme and grilled bread. Brooth a bit on the salty side but even so with the bread you can soak a little of the brooth just enough to flavor the bread.  Good but not great. The mussels were very dry, i would not bother to order this dish again.  
SHRIMP BLT; whats not to like? Shrimp, apple wood smoked bacon and the secret sauce in a little sandwhich that packs a punch..
ADULT GRILLED CHEESE; apple chutney, fontina, provolone and cheddar cheese on sourdough bread. Oh and did mentioned BACON?  This sandwhich spells insanity on the first bite and to the end.
The rest fo the table had burgers and salads but the above items were serious treats to the palate. Not forgetting our amazing server who was gracious to also suggest a place where you can find ice cream made with beer???say what?
Look up franklin fountain for beer flavor ice cream if u dare
GREAT DINNER at 2nd Story! Try the burger & the beer ice cream sundae. Be sure to sit with John at the bar and leave a big tip, he's awesome!!!
We came to 2nd Story Brewing on a whim. It's located in Old City and near plenty of food options. We were just interested on the beer, though they are a full service restaurant. There are two bars, one downstairs and one upstairs. We decide to go upstairs and easily grabbed some seats by the bar. 

Our bartender Sean was awesome. He made some good recommendations for beer at 2nd Story and other places as well. We decided to order two flights. I ordered the Fritzie's Vienna Lager, Goldin Abbey (Belgian,) Chico Pale Ale and a seasonal beer who's name I can't remember. The beer here is really good. I wouldn't call myself a beer aficionado the beer here is good. I really loved the Lager and Goldin Abbey. 

Service was good and we were well taken care of. Again this was just for beer but if I'm back in Philly, I would go back for beer and to try their food.
I had dinner here last night with four other people. The atmosphere and service was fine. The rating is for the food.

The food: The chicken in my mother-in-laws salad was obviously undercooked (aka super pink). The server at first said that the chicken was from the chicken thighs and that's why it would be that color. Once the server took the plate to show the kitchen, the dish was then taken off the bill. We ordered a chocolate lava cake for dessert and it was cold (no molten chocolate center). That was also taken off our bill. Overall we were disappointed and had hoped for a better dining experience.
I'm already a big fan of local Philly beer, but I'm overjoyed to see another good place on the scene. 

Came in on a Saturday evening. Expected it to be crowded but the large bar had room for the two of us. The beers all looked really interesting and at a great price. I had the Wheat the People (okay I had two) and it was the best new beer I'd had in a long time. I would have tried more, but this one was so good I had to have two! 

The bartender was nice, funny, charming...handsome. He let me try a sample of the beers I was curious about. We had 5 beers in total, but only spent $26. Now that's a good afternoon.

Looking forward to heading back next time I'm in the neighborhood and enjoying some more delicious beers!
Came here for lunch, based on yelp reviews. This place is delicious, love the selection of beers. Tried the beer sampler, pizza, shrimp blt, fried chicken sandwich, and barn burger. Big portions food was cooked and seasoned great. Great service!
A really nice bar/restaurant with only average beers, 2nd Story Brewing will meet expectations.

I don't really have too much to say about 2nd Story Brewing, as I swung in really quick to try their beers. The bar/restaurant is two floors in a beautiful facility three blocks east from the Liberty Bell. While I can't speak for the food, I was able to sample four of their beers. With so many microbreweries making so many strange, interesting, and delicious beers, it's unfortunate that 2nd Story Brewing only produces average beers. They aren't bad, and I was shifting between three and four stars, but ultimately none of the four I sampled stood out to me. 

I'll be back to try the food, which may push the place to four stars.
Came in on a Monday night for dinner. It took the bartender a few minutes to come over.  I tried to strike up a conversation when he finally did by asking "how is it going tonight?" I got a shrug of the shoulders, so I said, "Well it's Monday."

The bartender finally said something and it was, "I know what day it is."  

Needless to say the attitude made me lose my appetite.  As a final parting blow the bartender apparently got the math wrong and shorted me...
Although this place has very good microbrew beer (which usually wins me over) it has terrible service.  I have tired this place at least four times, each time hoping that the service will improve, however, after today I will probably not go back. I even tried sitting at the bar today hoping that the bartender would be more attentive than the waitstaff. I waited about an hour to order a pizza and there were no napkins or forks provided. Overall we spent 2 hours at the bar just to have 2 drinks and a pizza. When we were ready for the check we spent about 30 minutes trying to flag down the bartender who was chatting with other waitstaff in the corner.  Overall the beer and food is good and I really wanted to love this place but I felt mostly ignored today so probably won't go back.  Sad loss for philly microbrews.
I was disappointed with our visit.  The food was good not great and it was barely warm.  Mussels are not good cold. The place wasn't busy so I'm not sure what the problem was.  I've heard good things about this place but this wasn't our experience.  Our server was nice enough and we should've complained but sometimes you don't want to make a stink and put a damper on the night.
Great place to try if you're in the area. When we arrived, it was already a bit packed and pretty dark/loud inside. The food was definitely above average for your usual pub/brew-pub fare. The beers were pretty good too.
I first encountered 2nd Story Brewing Company and the otherwise crappy Taste of Philly event.  They had delicious buttery pretzel bites accompanied with beer-cheese sauce.  This dish is not on their online menu (which seemed to be quite a bit outdated), but they offer it as of early December in the restaurant.  I highly recommend that you share this as an appetizer with your table (or just get it for yourself, I don't judge).  Since Taste of Philly, I've been wanting to try out this new microbrewery that took over former hipster haven Triumph on Chesnut Street to see what else they have on offer.  

My friend and I each had a beer flight, which consists of four five-ounce pours for $7.50 (and is not on the beer menu).  I had the Evolve IPA, the Aosultim (hand-pump), the Tilted Barn Saison, and their pumpkin ale (I'm not ready for winter, cut me a break).  I was advised the Aosultim was the hoppiest beer they offer, but I found it very smooth.  The Evolve had a much stronger taste of traditional hops.  This is perhaps b/c the Aosultim is brewed with citra hops, which I generally tend to find less bitter than some other varieties.  The Saison was delicious and spicy, and at 5.5%, packs a bigger wallop than expected.  The pumpkin was great, more spicy than pumpkiny, but I imagine, on its way out for the season.  

To eat, I had the cabbage cups, which came stuffed with beyond meat "chicken," a slice of mandarin orange, cilantro puree, pickled onions and a vinaigrette wrapped in a gigantic cabbage leaf.  I really enjoyed the dish and the mix of flavors, though the pickled onion was a little heavy on the vinegar taste.  Beyond meat fake chicken is amazing.  I will be seeking it out at my local supermarket in the future.  There are a few veggie options, so this place is friendly for you and your veggie friends.  I'll be back.
Wasn't a fan of this place.... smelled weird, and yes I know breweries smell funky per usual but there was almost a fishy smell. We sat at the bar, it was sticky and dirty. The taps were coated in thick dust  beer was good but didn't get any food. So I can't say much on that. However another thing that bothered me was the bar tender handled my bare straw with his bare hands after handling money and people's credit cards. Kinda gross. They need to step up the hygiene...
Stopped here for lunch yesterday after a show, the food and beer were incredible! I absolutely recommend the Fritzie's Lager. My group started out with the soft pretzels and grilled wings. The pretzels came with a cheese fondue dipping sauce and also mustard. I'm not a big mustard person, but this mustard was so good and the cheese sauce was extremely delicious. The grilled wings were a nice change from your average buffalo style wings. The adult grilled cheese was exceptionally pleasurable as well. Our Irish bartender was very helpful and attentive. Will definitely return the next time I am in the area.
Good food, nice cocktails and craft beers (you can get a tasting flight of four 5 oz beers) in a comfortable relaxed setting. We got scallops & the quinoa salad-both excellent. Would definitely come back.
I had the sliders and pretzel bites both were amazingly good! I also had their house beer on tap! It was delicious! The atmosphere was very cool and unique! The bathrooms were not your typical bathrooms. So bathroom goers beware! Overall, I was very pleased with the food and the service. I would go back again in a heartbeat!
We stopped on for drinks and appetizers- good menu selection- the mussels were outstanding! The on-site brews were very good. We will absolutely go back again!
We had an amazing time at 2nd Story in Old City.

The ambiance here is wonderful - down-to-earth, but still a nice place. There was a group in another area of the bar, and they didn't disturb us at all. We were a group of three and able to dine casually on the lower level.

Our server, Mairead, was very friendly and happily recommended various menu items. 

As a vegetarian, I enjoyed being able to choose from several options. I ended up going for the "Falafel Burger" - not your average veggie burger! We also had the pretzel fondue (yum!) and finished off with the Lava Cake. 

I had one of their Ambers and was quite impressed. I also had a John Barry cocktail and it was good. I will say that most of their cocktail options are rum-based, but they have a full bar, too.
Loved the ambiance of 2nd story brewing. Went with a party of 5, called around an hour ahead of time on a Saturday night and was able to be accommodated without any problems. We were seated at a high top table with stools (no chair backs), and while it wasn't a huge issue I wish they had checked that was ok as my back was already killing me so the stools didn't exactly help that day. 

The cocktails were unique and fun, although I didn't  particular like the one I got (Grifter's Zeal) because it was very sour and heavy on the lemon. The rest of my party enjoyed their drinks and beers though, my husband enjoyed the beer flight they offered.

The food was good, but took a while to come out. We ordered two appetizers, but ended up getting them directly before our main plates. My stepmother and I opted for the Adult Grilled cheese, however we both weren't super impressed with the Apple chutney that was on the sand which. It was kind of chunky, and although the combo of flavors was intriguing, it just didn't work for me personally.

My husband loved the green curry, my Dad enjoyed the chicken sandwich, and our friend got the chicken entree which looked good.

Service was good, music was on point and overall it felt like a great place to do some day drinking on the weekend lol. I would definitely go back if I'm in this part of town again.
Great brewery with delicious and crafty beers, decent music, spacious atmosphere with private little corners, and a nice small outside area. I was surprised at how great the beers were; I was expecting the place to be rather touristy but I was wrong! 
My fellow and I were contemplating on which brews to try for a flight and the bartender insinuated we could try some for free. 
Their creamy stout was excellent-- and I don't even like dark brews!
Mango beer was great as well!
Good beer, but that's where it ended. Our unfriendly waiter never told us about the beers or the brewery itself. I told him we were from out of town, and tried to spark up some conversation...but pretty much got ignored. We were planning on staying to eat and watch some baseball, but never was offered food. I even watched the manager stand behind the bar and avoid eye contact when my drink was empty.
I had a horrific experience there. We actually had to call the police on the bouncer. I was out celebrating my 30th birthday and I went out to accompany my friend while she smoked a cigarette around closing time. The bouncer refused to let us back in even though the rest of our party and our purses were inside. We told him we had to settle up and he was aggressive and rude towards three woman. I tried to call for the manager and he pushed me and told my friend to "shut the fuck up" . The manager took a round off our bill to try and make up for the bouncers behavior, but it was really too little too late. I rarely write reviews, but the behavior of the bouncer was so reprehensible that I feel compelled too. Buyer beware!
We showed up around 730 and the place was busy, so we figured the service wouldn't be the best. However, our low expectations weren't even met. We waited 15 minutes to be seen by a waitress (who was nice). Ordered drinks and dinner - the beer came and then the appetizers. Then dinner was served. Between placing our drink and food order and nearly finishing our meal, the waitress never came back.

The flat bread pizza was completely undercooked. The pretzels were dry. The grilled chicken sandwich wasn't bad. Overall the food wasn't great and the service was worse. Would not recommend this place with so many other options in the neighborhood.
The dearth of quality brewpubs in and around Center City is perplexing given how beer-obsessed the city is. This lack grew even more vexing with the recent departures of Nodding Head and Triumph, whose beers I didn't particularly enjoy but filled a needed niche nonetheless. Upon hearing of 2nd Story's arrival in the old Triumph space, I grew eager to see whether or not the new ownership had improved upon the brews and bites available previously.

Though I did not sample any food, the four beers I did try all hit the spot. Brews sampled included the Adsultim, Riverwards IPA, 117 Pale Ale, and Tilted Barn Saison. Of the four, the saison fared most poorly as it lacked some of the complexity I associate with the style, but was still quaffable. The other three varieties all refreshed immensely and celebrated the nuances of different hop varieties. None were aggressively bitter, as the brewers here seem to favor the more flavorful and aromatic hop varieties like Citra, Cascade, and Chinook. A healthy mix of malts also kept the beers complex and interesting.

The beers were rather affordable, too, at $3-5 a pint with cheaper, smaller sizes available for those with less gastric real estate than me. Few things beat an incredibly fresh beer, and I look forward to continuing to sample 2nd Story's selection (and maybe catch a meal - the food looked damn good).
pleasantly surprised. awesome beers. awesome food. awesome service. great place to watch football. we had the brisket on a biscuit and the adult grilled cheese and a lot of fries... and more beers than necessary on a sunday. everything rocked.
Derzeit die beste Empfehlung für ein Brewpub in der Touristenzone von Philadelphia - sehr ausgeprägt gehopfte Biere, halbwegs preiswertes Essen und nette, bierkundige Bedienung. Die Musik ist leider unvermeidlich, aber immerhin nicht zu laut.
It's Saturday night and you're in Old City Philly. You try to go to Eulogy:packed, you then try Khyber Pub:also packed. So you mosey down a block to the modern brewery 2nd Story. The good news is that it's food is good, mixed drinks are good and beer is good.

I spent a week in Philadelphia and came here on a weeknight and there were only a couple tables eating and several people at the bar. One of the 76ers came in and had a drink with a friend at the bar too. Coming on a weekend the place is full but it's not packed shoulder to shoulder like the bars in the area.

Service is hit and miss. Their A team is the bartenders so sit at the bar if you want good service. You can get a beer flight or a pint. The desserts were normal with and add on flavor and were good but not great.

I would like this place more if they had bigger tables and maybe some games in the back corner. Overall, it's a good spot.
What an awesome spot.

Plenty of seating, an impressive array of brews, a clean, trendy facility, lovely staff, sports and my nightly game shows broadcast on the large TVs, and a decent happy hour selection - I was thrilled with my first visit to 2nd Story, and I'm keen to come back.  I enjoyed their 5 -7 Tuesday happy hour with just a handful of fellow patrons, which was a nice change from some of the busier bars in the city. Plenty of space to spread out and not too loud to hold a conversation - perfect!

One thing I missed was a sour brew. I'd love to see one added to their selection. I did sample their $5 happy hour pretzel bites, and they were so delicious! Served with both a delicious cheese sauce and a tangy mustard, the pretzels were clearly made in-house because they were so perfectly crunchy and buttery, probably the best I've had! The cheese sauce was UNREAL, and apparently that's a popular lament. When our server saw there was some left, he asked if we'd like to keep it at the table, even though all our pretzels were gone. It took some serious self control not to stick my straw into sauce and suck out the remaining dairy deliciousness. 

Huge fan of low-key spots with great service, and 2nd Story checks both of those boxes.
Food never disappoints, NO MATTER WHAT YOU GET. It's ridiculous, it's like it takes you by surprise how delicious everything tastes here. Most importantly beer never disappoints. I'm more of a lager/european/malty beer kind a guy and they really hit the mark there, always very solid tasting beers and reasonable prices. 2nd story is definitely here to stay.
Came here for a few beers before a dinner date with my wife and we got two fights with the ipas and the pale ale. The flights come with four small beers that you can choose yourself. We are big ipa drinkers so we went with ipas that they had on tap and the pale ale.  I have to say all four of the beers were awesome. Ipas can be very different depending on which hops they use and 2nd story uses all of the hops that I like. They also had a big whiskey selection which we did not look much into but I just happened to notice. The layout of the restaurant is great and they also have an upstairs with another bar. Atmosphere was great with original brick showing and what looked like old barn beams which were used as shelving for the spirits. We did not get food but were looking at some of the plates that were coming out and they looked pretty good. We highly recommend this place to anyone who like a great atmosphere and great craft beer.
Came here last night to meet a few old friends for dinner and beers.  We were all blown away!  The space is clean, crisp, open and inviting, with beautiful exposed brick, plenty of seating and standing room.  The atmosphere was warm and friendly, great background music, not too loud for conversation.  The waitstaff was cheerful, enthusiastic, and knowledgable.  Overall a really cool, friendly, and inviting vibe.

The beer was fantastic!  Flavorful, fresh, and delicious.  Especially the 117 Pale Ale, Evolve IPA II, and Fritzie's Lager.  10 beers on tap all made in house!!!  Our group tried every single one, and they were all amazing!  So refreshing to see a local brewpub make really good beer!  Close your eyes and point at the beer list, you will not be disappointed.  

The food was incredible!  
I started with the Bryan's pretzels & Fritzie's fondue appetizer.  Generous portions, enough for sharing, perfectly baked and salted pretzels, delicious beercheese and spicy mustard dipping sauces.  
For the main course, I had the Flat Iron Steak.  It came out superbly cooked, (medium, as requested) cut and served on top of a bed of diced sweet potato and brussel sprouts with at the perfect sauce to compliment.  I cannot say enough about how delicious this entree was.  The best plate I have had in months, hands down!  
After a few more beers, a friend and I split the Smashed Fingerlings from the 'Bar Bites' menu.  These too were so tasty and perfectly paired with Fritzie's fondue.  Amazing alternative to greasy fries!  Better tasting and healthier! 

A 5 star experience all around!  Absolutely recommend 2nd Story to anyone and everyone!  Perfect to meet a group of friends for dinner or drinks, I saw a handful of couples who seemed to be enjoying themselves - so great date spot, and perfect atmosphere for an afterwork happy hour.  I will definitely be returning soon and often!

I picked up a growler to go of the Evolve IPA II.  Can't wait to share this great beer and experience with more friends and family!
