**Disclaimer** Pay attention to the fine print: Caribbean and AMERICAN. Which means the food is adjusted to the average american palette. There's a big difference compared to your good ole' hood jamaican spot. There's plenty of those deep in west philly.  48th Street grille is it's middle-class cousin.

48th Street Grille's menu is slightly over crowded, but most of what I've tried there has been pretty darn good (the chicken n' waffles, shrimp n' grits, jerk chicken cheesesteak, and pancakes). The prices are a bit on the high side for west philly but once again..this isn't the hood spot. 

My favorite part about this place is the friendly staff, the awesome chef, and even the friendly customers it attracts. there's a real sense of community support for the restaurant which I hope continues to grow. 

I suggest you try brunch your first visit to really get a great experience with the various options on the brunch menu.
My auntie love love love this place. This is our go to spot whenever we just want to chat and relax over some delicious Caribbean brunch followed by a glass of wine or should I say pineapple rum.

48th street grille delivers in terms of quality food. We always come for their brunch and so far I've ordered their biscuits and gravy as well as their classic Jamaican Breakfast. I always wanted to try saltfish and ackee, caused it's so raved about and I'm glad I did, it was delicious, flavorful and healthy, I felt like I was transported to Jamaica without having to pay for the flight and hotel stay. Their sausage biscuits and gravy was also good. My auntie also loved her food she had the omelette both times and we both like the extra spices that they add to their breakfast dishes which offers that authentic Jamaican twist. Oh and I can't forget our little made up Mimosa drinks which consist of mango juice and pineapple rum! Yes this place is BYOB!

 48th street grille offers great service, food comes out fast and hot and our waiter always provides service with a smile. Lastly we love how the chef always greets us and ask if we enjoyed our meal. Overall I feel like such a proud neice that am able to help make my aunt smile by bringing her to a place that she can't get enough of!
I'm happy to start off this new year with a full and happy belly, and that is thanks to the new and exciting 48th Street Grille!

We came and ordered a feast for 2 and a half: a fresh-squeezed lemonade, a ginger beer, 5 ct Island Wings, Spicy Conch Fritters, Blackened Tilapia, Braised Oxtail, and Cornbread. 

The drinks were very nice. The lemonade was well-balanced - not too sweet or tart. The ginger beer was definitely heavy on the ginger, but what else would you expect for a drink called "ginger beer?" It's definitely one if the stronger ginger beers I've had. 

Starting with the apps, the Island Wings were awesome. A little spicy, a little sweet, perfectly cooked and really well balanced. I mean - we could have totally gone for the 10 ct wings but we probably wouldn't have had enough room for dessert.... Wait. We still didn't have room for dessert.... The conch fritters were good. Imagine a little softer, slightly gooey-er hushpuppy with small pieces of conch floating in cheesiness. It also comes with a nice ranch dipping sauce. 

The blackened tilapia was really good. The fish was meaty, and the blackened goodness was well-complemented with the light and fresh mango salsa. And this entree was paired with green beans and (s)mashed potatoes. Really good sides. 

The oxtail was simply put, amazing. Fall-off-the-bone, tender, flavorful, and not too salty. I have had my share of Jamaican/Caribbean food up and I really can say this is my favorite Oxtail in Philly. It can easily be too hard, or too salty, or too dry - here, it wasn't any of those things. Plus, paired with rice and beans unlike any I've had in the city - this is hands down the best oxtail and rice and beans I've had. And the mixed veggies were delightful. I don't even think my wife can believe how happy I was to eat these veggies - so that definitely means we'll be coming back!!!

Ok. I have to devote its own paragraph for the cornbread. This was the cheapest thing that we ordered. $1.50 per piece. Personally, I'm a sucker for moist, sweet, cornbread with actual corn in it - and if you are too, this is where it's at! I'm talking eyes rolling back, take me home now, wow. I haven't had cornbread like this in a looooong time. And hopefully now that won't be an issue. 

Ummm. Seriously, stop reading this, and just come, and enjoy an amazing meal. Chef Carl Lewis will take great care of you and I am pretty certain you will leave as full and happy as we did tonight.
The island wings are so popular that it took me weeks to get them delivered because they would always be sold out. I eagerly dug in to them once I finally got my hands on them and they did not disappoint. I quickly devoured the juicy succulent wings and licked my fingers clean afterwards. My side caesar salad looked good, but the croutons had gone soft. I like them crunchy. The cornbread was a big tasty piece. The one small butter packet included was not enough, but thankfully I had butter in the fridge. I'm looking forward to ordering those wings again and sampling other items from the menu.
This is a really good spot for delicious Caribbean food. I remember when it opened and we made trips there pretty frequently. The owner always made a special point to stop at each table and inquire about each guest's dining experience. It sort of fell off of my radar for a time... but let me tell you. It's BACK. I mean REALLY back. As I said, the food is good. I've had the oxtail, the cornbread and too many other items to name. But let me tell you about the Island Wings. Fall-off-the-bone-spicy-sweet-tender-juicy-goodness. They come with zucchini strings that are flavored and delicious. Believe me. Get the Island Wings. You will want to thank me. But really we just need to thank the person who is putting out those Island Wings at 48th Street Grille. DELICIOUS.
Unfortunately, my family and I had an awful time at the 48th Street Grille. My mother's colleague recommended that we try the 48th Street Grille based on my family's love of Jamaican food. 48th left a lot to be desired. We drove over an hour to When we arrived we were not greeted by the staff.  My family and I have a rule that if we see flies or gnats in a restaurant we refuse to eat there. However, since we drove so far we stuck it out, despite the persistent GNATS. There was only one waiter in the restaurant and he was extremely rude. 

Food was horrible. The worst Jamaican food I had in my life.  Actually, I wouldn't call it Jamaican Here's a summary:

Oxtails: were underseasoned and while tender they must have been so tender that there was barely any meat on the bone and none in the stew.  each oxtail bone had at most 1/4 of the meat it should have had. It looked like someone had already at the oxtails. 

Jerk Chicken: tasted like BBQ chicken. It was extremely sweet and not spicy how jerk is supposed to be. (Even if it is a fusion restaurant)  

Cabbage: overcooked, not succulent.

Rice and Beans: very nice, tasty.

When my mom asked the waiter about getting better oxtail, he bent down over our table across our food and condescendingly shook his head "NO" without using words. He acted like we were children asking for more dessert, instead of concerned and hungry customers. We asked for the manager and she was worse. She stared at the bones and told us it was an appropriate serving. She then said she would bring out a single oxtail as a courtesy. So, of course, she brought out the best one she could find completely covered in meat, in a coffee mug.

She then revisited the table when my sister was alone. She tried to bully her into admitting that the food was good and that the courtesy oxtail should have changed our experience. My sister explained to her the stark difference in oxtails and politely answered her loaded questions.  

After this debacle, we saw the waiter even less than we did before. We resulted into serving ourselves, walking up to the counter asking for the receipt and then walking our payment back up to the counter. 

I hope that with this review they can improve. Between the service and the food quality, you are better off getting ingredients and attempting a Jamaican recipe online.
This is a wonderful family-owned establishment. After seeing all the rave reviews, I was excited to try out this restaurant and its Caribbean offerings. The service was friendly, and the chef-owner even came out to greet us during our meal, which was a very nice touch. This experience started off at 5 solid stars. 

We started off with the Island wings appetizer, which was delicious and consisted of fried chicken wings glazed with a flavorful sweet and tangy sauce, accompanied by a side of shredded vegetable salad. (Also 5 stars.) 

For our entrees, we had the Braised Oxtail dish and Curried Bone-in Goat. The proteins were nicely cooked and were immersed in very flavorful sauces (albeit a bit on the salty side), but the rice and vegetables that accompanied this dish were overcooked to a mush and flavorless. It seemed like we were served leftovers. 

Meanwhile, my lemonade, which was clearly fresh-squeezed, would have been much tastier with a lot less sugar. If I had not been saturated with so much sugar, I would have had more room for dessert, which looked very delicious. (Minus 1 star.) 

The restaurant's decor is very nice, and the space itself is very large. I could see this as a great place to hold a birthday gathering. When we arrived, there was only one other diner, and the hostess kindly gave us a choice of seating. 

However, I was very disappointed that despite the large, almost empty restaurant, a party of 4 was sat elbow-to-elbow next to us even before our appetizer arrived. I do not blame this party for speaking loudly and having a great time, as they are entitled to - I think it's a wonderful thing. However, as a couple trying to enjoy a nice Sunday lunch, I really wanted to be able to hear my significant other speak to me from across the table. Since the seats along the wall are all connected, and my very large neighbors kept shuffling in their seats, my seat kept bouncing up and down while I was trying to enjoy my food. There were two empty tables on the other side of my neighbors for a decent portion of the meal, where they could have been seated and everyone could have had a better experience. (Minus 1 star.)

Also, they did not offer us the rolls and butter that they offered the table next to us. Not sure what happened here. As someone who was excited to try this place out and perhaps consider it as a regular destination, I was very disappointed by this experience and don't foresee coming back. (Minus half a star.)
Philly, Philly, Phil-ly...  The city of brotherly love and broad shoulders - stand up!!!  Just experienced some amazing Caribbean flavors at 48th Street Grille, and I'm prepared to tell ya all about it...

Let's begin with the aesthetics, this place is beautifully decorated, warm, and very inviting.  When I walked in, I was warmly greeted and welcomed as if I were in Jamaica, and that felt so good to my spirit.  Miscommunication led me to place an order at the counter, and within 5 minutes of my order, a server brought my meal - oxtails with butter beans, cabbage, peas and rice, and plantains, with ice cold sorrel and a sample of the best ginger beer I've ever had.  Then the owner came out to hear about my experience with his food and his place, and it was genuine - wow!  It was great to hear of his experience and how he decided to begin a legacy for his family.  It was a pleasure to have found this place, certainly a must visit whenever you come to Philly!!!!!
Wagwan mi bredren!?

Glad to have this sort of option around the way. Big George's has been gone for SOME time now and I'm surprised it has really taken someone this long to fill that void. 48th Street Grille is it! 

I had the island wings and a "regular" coffee to start. Everything I could expect was right about these wings, but the side garnish really blew my mind... vegetable slaw. Not a fan now nor have I ever been of cole slaw, but this was different. It was like candied julienne vegetable strips (peppers, onions, squash?)... sweet and spicy. I could seriously eat that by itself. I had to commend the chef on this when he came to speak to us. I could definitely see kids liking this too. Not to mention the side lime and ting BLUP!

Never had oxtail before (can you believe it?) so this was my big chance to check them out. Eh, should've done my homework. They were good, but too much bone for me. I swapped out the recommended sides for plantains and garlic mashed potatoes... each were definitely on point. My guest had BBQ ribs, mashed potatoes, and string beans. She remarked at how fresh the vegetables were. We each just ordered a small, but that small was filling. The smell of the BBQ was so strong the people at the next table got it too. In the same vein, someone sitting at a far window had a large burger and sweet fries piled up... that's what I'm getting next time. It looked righteous yunnastanme? RIGHTEOUS!

Service was really personable, yet professional. It reminded me of southern hospitality, but perhaps the islands are known for it too. Seriously, folk need to know about this place. I came through on a weekday morning, but would love to see this place hoppin at dinner time.

Chef Carl, you spread the sauce. I'll spread the word!
Had to place an order here after I had placed an order somewhere else with UberEATS that never showed. 

Got the oxtails, stew chicken, curry chicken and island wings. Well, I must say they were a great substitution!

The flavors on simply EVERYTHING was delicious! I'm Jamaican and I'm weary of eating at Caribbean places but I was so mad this was the first place I picked. It's not my cooking, lol, but when I say it's HARD finding a place I like. I haven't eaten Jamaican food outside of mine or family cooking in years! I've been that disappointed so many times!

Y'all have a customer! Thanks for the deliciousness!
Firstly, can I say that this is economic development at its best? What a wonderful, vibrant addition to the 48th and Spruce neighbourhood. Marcus, our server, told us that he had known the owner since he was little and that this was his dream, finally realized. Nothing like a successful new small business to give me hope and optimism for the world. Kudos to these guys.

[ food ]
A friend and I split the chili glazed salmon platter, with collard greens and sweet mashed potatoes. The chef accidentally gave us normal mashed potatoes (which were delicious anyway, highly recommended) so we got a side of sweet mashed potatoes for free when Marcus realized the error, and those were great as well.

The salmon filet was perfectly cooked - just the right combination of tender and crispy, and the chili glaze was perfectly balanced. No complaints about the food at all, and we will certainly be ordering delivery if we can't make the hike out to 48th from Penn campus.

Prices are reasonable and serving sizes are huge - great value for money too!

[ decor ]
Clean, home-like, diner-style. A couple of bars and a TV, and also nice family-sized tables. Comfy, friendly, non-imposing vibe - almost reminded me of a kindergarten classroom, but in a good way. :) Oh and the fans look like palm leaves! Cute touch.

[ service ]
Marcus is so invested in his job - he worked straight through his break to make sure everyone was happy and when we asked him why, he said it was because he had known the owner since he was a child and he was so happy to see his dreams realized. I love stories like this. This is how strong businesses are born.

The chef personally came around to ask every single table how the meals were, and our plates were licked clean.

[  overall ]
Fantastic addition to West Philadelphia. Will certainly be returning. The epitome of a successful small business story! :D
(Cliché coming) I really wanted to love this place..I REALLY DID! First off customer service.. solid 5!! My food ugh.. I got the Sweet Chili Glazed Salmon served with Sweet Yams and Green Beans. Greens beans were ok. The Salmon was just plain old dry. I only eat fish sooo it was apparent that it was either not fresh or over cooked and soaked in a candy like chili sauce..the glaze was extremely sweet. In addition to the sweet sauce there were sweet yams which were runny.  Now I'm a girl who loves her sweets but that was too much sugar in one entree. My daughter had jerk chicken quesadillas and she loved them. I think it's worth a try, just not for me.
We came on a Sunday evening and had the dining room pretty much to ourselves.  The wait staff took good care of us, and so did the kitchen.  I had the brown chicken stew and was delighted with it.  One of my co-diners ordered the Jamaican jerk chicken and was pleased as well.

The only "negative" was the lack of a liquor license -- it's BYOB all the way down.  We didn't know this ahead of time but were able to get some interesting cans of beer at the Garden Court Eatery around the corner.

Highly recommended!
Found this place after they catered an event I attended. Loved the island wings, their vegetable slaw (thinly sliced zucchini, carrots, & squash), and rice & peas, which is dry (as it should be)!
Their salt fish fritters were tasty and so was the Mac 'n cheese. I'm looking forward to trying their curry and oxtail.  I'll update my review once I try those items.
The venue is nice and large with good lighting.
I'm usually cautious with my ratings, but this definitely deserves all five stars.

The. food. is. awesome. 

I was expecting lots of greasy, fried items, but was delighted by the fresh and delicately prepared fare that transcended my narrow expectations of Caribbean food.

Jerk chicken wings were outstanding; splendidly seasoned (and not fried), I could've eaten just those all night. Oxtail was savory, gently spiced and fall-off-the-bone tender. The bone-in goat curry was spicy but balanced. My partner and I argued over which was better, and couldn't come to a conclusion. Cornbread was great. We didn't get to the drinks, but they looked fresh and amazing. BYOB, so next time I might bring something to spike that tasty-looking lemonade.

Our server, Annie (Antoinette) was absolutely lovely. She was friendly and attentive without being intrusive. It was also great when the chef came out; such a nice touch.

The decor isn't ostentatious: just simple, clean, and casual. I don't know if the city would permit them to throw a few tables outside, but if that happened I might not be able to stop myself from eating here every night. 

In sum: Get there STAT.
* Yes they are open for takeout or delivery during covid-19* 

We chose to "dine" with 48th Street Grille for this past weekend's Yelp's Big Night Out and our weekly covid-19 supporting small businesses takeout.

We ordered the fried dumplings $3, vegetable spring roll served with ginger soy dip $8, spicy conch fritters $12, on the bayou fried catfish and waffles $17, catfish and grits $19. 

The most disappointing dish that I don't recommend to order are the veggie spring rolls, I give that a 1 out of 5 star. For $8 you get 3 small fried spring rolls (see photo), and the taste does not justify the price. 

Whereas I could say that I have always been okay with the $12 for 5 conch fritters because at least those are unique and also served with a mango slaw, unlike the spring rolls.

The fried catfish we both got was delicious. The breading was well seasoned, and not too heavy. The breading did not mask the delicious and flaky catfish beneath. The bayou sauce that comes with both dishes is what makes the dish!

The fried dumplings we got out of pure curiosity, they are more like  bread rolls than what most of us would think of as a dumpling. They were fine but probably not something we'd order again.

Overall, I recommend 48th street grille as a nice option for dine in or carry-out in the west Philadelphia neighborhood. They are a lovely family owned, small business that cooks up delicious Caribbean food
We discovered this place through University City Dining Days. Their Carribbean fare was off the beaten path of pizza, Ethopian and Asian fusion you find prevalent in West Philadelphia. 

We didn't making it for Dining Days, but came back in early September, when it was both warm and cool enough to have the doors and windows open to the night air. The interior is all colors and soft lighting. 

The menu is two pages - a modest selection of appetizers, sandwiches, pastas, entrees and beverages - with a decent dessert selection that changes EVERY NIGHT. We've had an Oreo mousse cake, a sweet potato cheesecake and their signature bread pudding on different visits. All have been top notch. 

And it's not just dessert that's fabulous here - every entree, app and sandwich has been unique in flavor and high quality. We especially love the curried chicken dumplings, the corn bread ($1.50 for a slice is a steal - it's huge!), the jerk chicken club sandwich, the marinated pork chop and the curry shrimp or chicken entrees. Honestly, I would just probably feel safe ordering what speaks to you, since we loved it all. The spice is a warm heat that spreads from your tongue, into your belly. No fierce kicks of fire here. 

The waitstaff are pleasant and helpful. It's BYO, so you can have quite the night of dining without a big bill at the end. (There is a build your own 6 pack place around the corner on Pine between 47th and 48th, too!) 

Best of all - the chef, Carl, comes out some nights to greet patrons and see how they are enjoying their visit. He is one of the highlights for me - not just because he cooks such amazing food - but because he gives 48th Street Grille a persona, a face, a kind smile. 

I would recommend this restaurant to anyone in West Philadelphia who hasn't tried it and can stroll over - and those who don't live nearby as a destination for dinner. It will be well worth it.
What a gem! 

This restaurant is just enough off the beaten path that it is the last place you might look to get some great, healthful food with superb service. 

The food was delicious and tasted like it was cooked with care from real ingredients. Our server (the daughter of the owner) was probably the nicest server I've encountered in Philly so far. 

The place looks happy and clean with bright decor that almost made me forget it was cold and dreary outside. 

While the menu is short on veggie options, they do have a few and would definitely accommodate a vegan if asked.
48th Street Grille is our number one restaurant for International  and soul food. We visit once a week to eat good wholesome food. The Chef takes time to come to our table and see if we like the food and need anything, we say....more of this great food.
This is where  Chefs eat. And take it from Chef Baba Ismail who recommends 48th Street Grille to all Chefs and join them for after hour good eating from our Five Star comrade. 
The specials are the best, but ask Chef Carl to go off menu and give you the Chef Table Creation. You will not be disappointed,  but rather, pleasured too.
Let me just say that the quality and consistency of the culinary delights, including the quantity of food on your plate is haven.
Ordered takeout this week and it was AMAZING. I would not have changed a single thing. Ordered online, very simple, and was ready when it said it would be (kinda rare when ordering out lately so happy about that!)

We ordered the half jerk chicken with red beans and rice and braised cabbage and WOW!! I've had Jamaican food before, but the flavors were complex and complimentary and I didn't want it to end! I could've ate that braised cabbage allll day.

I bit pricey but we got the half chicken platter described above and an extra side and that comfortably fed my boyfriend till we were full! (Not complaining about the price, just a note - for the quality and amount I'd say it was fairly priced and support Black business)

Added a Kola Champagne soda (basically a cream soda) and lived my best life. Would 12/10 recommend and will be back next time I'm too lazy to make dinner
West Philly's been in need of an authentic Caribbean dine-in restaurant and 48th Street Grille has delivered just that! This is about my 4th time dining here and I don't know why I'm so tardy with writing this review - maybe because the food puts me in a coma; it's that good y'all!

My favorite dish is the Shrimp Rasta Pasta and having formerly lived in Brooklyn, the US Capital of Caribbean Cuisine...I've had quite a few Rasta Pastas but none beats this! It's so flavorful with just enough spice. My latest dining experience was during Black Restaurant Week so I took advantage of the 3 course menu and tried the Vegetable Spring Rolls & Jamaican Style Red Bean Soup - they hit the spot too!

48th Street Grille is BYOB, just like quite a few Philly restaurants, so don't forget your bottle at home! I truly enjoy the personal touch provided by Chef Carl Lewis each dining experience, as he makes it his business to greet every table and thanks each party for their support. Much love, indeed!
Bottom line, make sure to get the island wings. Seriously, I would come here just for them. They are freaken awesome. Probably the best wing sauce I've had in a really long time. Smokey and sweet with a bit of a kick. And they aren't shy on the sauce like some other places might be, these are pretty much drenched in sauce, and its beautiful. 

We came here for University City Dining Days (3 courses, $25) and it was overall a pleasant experience. Service was super friendly and the food was really good. Aside from the wings, I went with the garden salad (for which the house dressing was a nice light vinaigrette) and the blackened tilapia. The fish wasn't as spicy as I hoped but it was well-cooked and the mango salsa offered an enjoyably sweet contrast. The mashed potatoes were abundant and hearty, although the green beans were plain and somewhat disappointing. 

Definitely plan to return for some more wings and to try out the rest of the menu.
Last night's birthday dinner at 48th street grille in Philly Rasta pasta with jerk chicken, brown stewed chicken, rice & peas w. cabbage and side of baked macaroni. Another B.O.B I wanted to experience. We arrived a few minutes late, thank God they held our reservations cause sis was hungry! Everything was soooo good. S/O to Carlene, she was super cool, topping our night off with two pieces of banana nut bread.
We ordered takeout tonight from 48th Street Grille and it was such an incredible treat in the midst of quarantine! The food was completely delicious and the portions were nice and large. We got the Rasta Pasta and the Blackened Tilapia and I'd recommend both!
We tried 48th Street Grille for dinner a while ago. Food was generally fine but not great. Here's a summary:

Oxtails: tasted fine but undercooked. The meat wasn't falling off the bone.
Ribs: overcooked, not succulent
Collards: very nice, tasty
Mashed sweet potatoes: fine
Garlic mashed potatoes: ok, solid
Cabbage: ok, solid

Service was friendly but not knowledgeable about the menu. She couldn't answer questions about the dishes.

Maybe it was an off-day for the kitchen, so it may be worth another try.
This is probably my new favorite spot in West Philadelphia, so everyone, including students please try out this excellent creole restaurant. 

48th street is a easily missed gem in the neighborhood, it sits between a seafood restaurant and a dry cleaners and across from a furniture store (formerly RadioShack). 

I went during brunch hour and it was hardly busy and we had an excellent waitress. First thing I liked about this place is that the menu was small and concise with great dishes to choose from. Second, the taste and portion size are perfect. The Salmon with Grits was 14.95 but I barely finished it and I had a size of the biscuits with gravy. Well, biscuits do not come as a side which is a disappointment, so we had to pay about 5 bucks for them.

As I mentioned above, students get 10% off on Tuesdays and seniors get a discount on Wednesdays. However, expect to wait between 25 to 30 minutes for your entrée since it is cooked to order.
Found this place on yelp.

I ordered over the phone. I had a jerk chicken cheese steak, with a side of sweet potato fries.

I wish the girl on the phone had told me ny sandwich came with fries, had she done that, I wouldn't have end up with fries with my sandwich, and a side of the sweet potato fries.

Service was quick. They had my favorite soda, pineapple ginger. My order total came to about 20 dollars which is a bit steep for just one person.

My sandwich was good, I would order it again.

I would come back, but I'd try something different.
D & M Salmon 
The 48TH Street Grille is a dream come true for this neighborhood! There are plenty of pizza shoppes, sandwich shoppes, and quick wing places, but to have a sit-down dining house here is truly refreshing! They prepare and serve their fare with a Caribbean/American flare.  Really great food! It's tasty, well-prepared and attractively presented. My wife and I have dined there on four occasions and there's not been a bad bite in the bunch {:^}. And the service has been excellent and always accompanied by a smile. We have particularly enjoyed their marinated wings for appetizer, the Salmon with salsa, and the blackened tilapia as entrees. Go and be prepared to enjoy a really great meal and top-shelf dining experience. You'll be a fan, too!
Tried this new spot when visiting my boyfriend's uncle this past weekend. I had the Island wings and jerk chicken platter. Everything was so good and tasty. The slaw that's served with the Island wings ... OMG must try. Definitely adding this spot to all of our Philly visits.
Honestly, I love this restaurant because you can get full off of appetizers alone and that's amazing . I needed to find a West Indian restaurant close to home because Trinidadian and I'm glad I found this one.
What's up with all these amazing restaurants in the middle of nowhere that I've never heard about, but apparently lots of other people have? Another great spot that I just happened to come across on yelp and got the chance to check out when a friend was visiting. This is pretty far out in west philly and its mostly a residential neighborhood, but the food felt center city quality. Definitely a more upscale place compared to the hole in the wall carribean places you usually find and I was apprehensive at first because I find those kind of places just okay. But this was in a whole different category. 

Walking in, the decor was like a weird mix between casual and formal, but I could see how that works for this place. Most of the menu items were a little pricier than what out party was feeling, we ended up all opting for the jerk chicken sandwich. Which I'm glad we did, because even though it was only $10, it was probably the best jerk chicken anything I've ever had...and it came with sweet potato fries! We also got Island Wings, which were like crack (not that I've done it). Most memorably, during our meal the chef came out and personally asked how the meal was going, and you could really tell he cared about the food he made, which you could already tell through both the quality of the food and the presentation. Great place, definitely want to try the other menu items sometime.
Went here with a girlfriend for lunch on a Friday a few weeks ago. It was not crowded so we were seated right away. Our server was also very accommodating. The food was okay but nothing special really. I ordered the jerk chicken with rice and mixed veggies. The rice was very bland and they did not have any of the desserts I wanted so that was disappointing. 

The fresh flowers on the table were a nice touch and I did like the décor but if I was management I would consider investing in non paper menus. 

Overall I'd probably give them another shot but I'm not rushing back.
I discovered this restaurant today on a whim and it's flipping amazing. I had the oxtail and substituted yams and fried plantains in place of the menu's listed veggies. It was very very good. The restaurant itself is well lit, spacious, and generally bright and cheery. 

I suggest trying the homemade lemonade and at least one of the appetizers, all are to die for. 

The staff, from the hostess to the waitress to the chef were all incredibly friendly and hospitable. Honestly one of the best dining out experiences I've had in quite awhile. Highly, highly recommended.
I was seriously torn between a 3 and 4 star on this one. I started with a 3 star.. but I'll found up because the food is THAT good and I want people to try this place out. 
Because by no means is the food " A-OK" a yelp 3 star, the food was on point, ridiculously flavorful and delicious (which I'll get into) but also.. by no means was the service " I'm  a fan!" 

Similar to what another yelper stated, the service is slow. Slow slow slow. The restaurant was not packed -- about 3 tables including ourselves -- but I still found it hard to get Michael's attention for water , boxes to go, and the check. Several times he left another table, he'd go straight to the kitchen without making eye contact with our table -- in which it would be easy with eye contact to tell we needed something.
It did take quite some time to eye him down for our boxes , in which I suppose I'm used to the server asking if at that point we needed a dessert or the check. But of course this took a while too, gave us our boxes. We boxed our stuff up..w aited.. waited.. I put on my coat as a bit of a hint..waited and he later came over to ask if we wanted desserts or the check.
I know I'm going into immense detail , but I'm a huge stickler for service. Don't get me wrong, he was really friendly -- but what came off as slow, inexperienced service. 

OKAY THE GOOD; FOOD!! 
We started off with the island wings -- which were cooked to perfection. I have no complaints at all . The wings were juicy, the sauce was sweet and savory. Highly recommended

I opted for the small portion of Jerk Chicken served with rice and vegetables. The small portion is served with one drumstick and one thigh -- and again chicken cooked perfectly. Juicy, not dry and that jerk rub was on point! Actually spicy, which I'm a huge fan of. Seriously, wouldn't change anything about this dish. 
 **Oh yes.. something I forgot up there service wise.. was that our cornbread was forgotten. The chef came over to ask how everything was -- and I told him it was delicious! We were truly enjoying everything -- but then I asked him if the cornbread was possibly still cooking.. he got it out right away. That cornbread was warm, moist , delicious and all the things a good cornbread should be

My partner got the blackened tilapia with green beans and mashed potatoes. The tilapia was well cooked, nice seasoning and the manga salsa MADE that dish. The mashed potatoes are ridiculously well seasoned, creamy and all around a solid dish.

The food here is no joke. It's one of those places that you can taste their love and passion in the food -- that they truly appreciate each dish they put together. Real food that you can taste heart and soul. THAT's why this got rounded to a 4 star. The food. I'd be happy to return to try some dessert and some other dishes. But I hope the service will be a bit improved!
I've had this place bookmarked forever and I finally had the chance to try it out this weekend!

I came thinking I was celebrating Black Restaurant week...but it turned out I was a week EARLY lmao! Salty much. But it's okay because I still enjoyed my experience nonetheless. I was actually bickering about how there are barely any sitdown type places in philly for soulfood or Caribbean food and then I remembered this place!

Wowow, I did not expect West Philly to have something like this in the cut. The decor is beautiful and clean. The owners are very friendly, and the chef takes his time to come talk to you and ask you how your food is. They really made us feel welcome. 

I got the half chicken jerk, it came with cabbage red rice and beans. My bf got the goat curry and it came with the same sides. Then we got some sweet plantain. Everything was DELICIOUS! Blew our minds, some of the best Jamaican food we've had in awhile. While I loved everything, my favorite was the cabbage. You can taste that it was made fresh with love! Definitely coming back. Prices are also reasonable! 

Try this place out! 

FYI, as others have stated..this is Jamaican and American FUSION. So don't expect suuuper legit flavors. The flavors are still there in my opinion, just lacking authentic spice if I had to really nitpick. I still think they're spot on! *shrugs*
When I lived in Philly ( recently moved back to Cali ) I ordered from them every week through UberEats . Same thing , Rasta Pasta w/ salmon or the salmon platter with mash and green beans . Sooooo BOMB !!! They have never , ever , EVER  disappointed me. I've always received everything so hot and fresh . Big portions and I never mind spending the money because the food is definitely worth it .
Great food!

I enjoyed eating here. The owners came out and greeted everyone. The food was delicious. There was a nice selection of many different Caribbean treats. 

The only thing that really bothered me about this place was the tables that they used. The table I sat at was very uncomfortable. It had a very large base that angled up towards the center. It didn't leave me anywhere to put my feet and I had to put my body in a weird position so that I could reach my food. Very uncomfortable. If they could use different tables then j would say this place would be pretty much perfect. 

I still highly recommend eating here. The friendly owners plus the delicious food make me give this a 4 star rating. Fix the table situation and I will definitely change my review to 5 stars. 

I will back for more :)
Chef Carl Lewis is perfectly rated as a 5 Star Chef. Chef Carl has developed a skill in Caribbean, International and Specialty Soul Foods that sets him above many others.

Consider the large bowl of a creamy Lobster and Shrimp Bisque hat comes out of the kitchen and delivered  to my waiting eyes to taste and enjoy..spoon after spoon after spoon. I followed with black mussels in an amusing sauce, and yes me be drinking it after eating them juicy plump thangs.

Plantains and conch fritters are to die for.....

Baba the Foodie Chef
It may have been a bad day... but I don't know. We were seated almost immediately which was good. The waitress came to take our drink orders and my God, I thought I had died and gone to NYC restaurant hell. $7 for a Pellegrino?!?! $6 for a glass of ginger beer?!?! Have you lost your mind?! I've haven't seen those prices even in NYC. 

The restaurant was well attended but not packed. It was getting more crowded as time went on though because the food took forever to come out. We were waiting about 40 minutes. Even a different waitress than ours asked what was up. At that point it was hard to enjoy  the meal fully because we were hangry.

The food tasted ok. Next time--if there is a next time-- I will bring my own Pellegrino and leave plenty of time for the kitchen to get their act together.
My family came here for Mother's Day and we left extremely dissatisfied. I like to rate restaurants on three things: Food, Service, and Atmosphere. All three were lacking at this restaurant. 

My brother ordered Jerk Chicken and a side of fried plantains, my mother ordered the baked salmon, and I ordered the "Rasta Pasta" with jerk chicken. My brother said his food was alright, not terrible, just passable. My mother enjoyed her salmon, but found the vegetables to be very tough and undercooked. My pasta was practically floating in the thinnest "sauce" I have ever had. It was pretty much soup. The jerk chicken addition consisted of one or two pieces of chicken with the rest of the dish being made of way too many bell pepper strips thrown on top of the pasta soup. 

The service was totally inattentive. Our waiter forgot our requests multiple times and needed to be reminded that we ordered a drink or to bring us a dish. My brothers side of plantains was stuck in kitchen limbo for an incredible length of time. We waited so long on some of our dishes that we had to get them to go. 

This is a small restaurant and there's nothing wrong with that, but they cram people inside. On top of that a few of the tables sit incredibly low. I'm 6'4, so it was a total inconvenience for me, but I'm use to that. My 5'9 brother on the other hand is a normal height and had leg difficulties too. There were also gnats flying around our table. 

For a restaurant that has been around for a year, I'd hope that they would fix the many issues plaguing the place. I understand that it was Mother's Day and they were busy, but I'm not going to give this place another chance to ruin a dining experience for me. They should pay extra attention to the details on special occasions. I don't know how eating here on a regular night would be like.
This place was AMAZING! I am an African woman with high expectations when it comes to food and its flavors and consistency. I tried this place for the first time because my friend recommended it.
Upon arrival we were greeted warmly by a smiling and very pleasant lady, seated immediately, and brought something to drink. I felt very cared for. The space and restaurant is beautiful and just has a great vibe. Our order was taken nd the food came out shortly after to precision.

Food portions are just right, PRICES ARE VERY REASONABLE and flavors bursting in my mouth. Everything was cooked to perfection. As we finished the meal THE CHEF CAME OUT TO MEET US!!!! This says everything to me, to meet the man behind the scenes so pleasant. I felt like i just got a family there and i plan to go back and try everything on their menu eventually! 

I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO EVERYONE!!! IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GREAT MEAL EXPERIENCE, THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO!!!

From a very very very happy African sister! you have my support!
I'm going to keep this short and to the point. The food here is excellent. Everything taste, portion size, presentation excellent.  The customer service was polite,and attentive, but not annoying. One of my biggest gripes when going to Caribbean or West Indian restaurants is the poor customer service and rudeness that I receive. 48th st Grille's staff was friendly and professional from start to finish. The prices are reasonable for the quality of food that your getting. I strongly recommend giving 48th Grille a chance.

Ps. Can't remember the exact names of what we had in the pictures attached. One was a salmon dish the other was a tilapia dish. I'm sure they can tell you if you show them the pictures.
I got take out from here one night when we were craving some oxtail and plantains.  Unfortunately the place we usually order from no longer delivers, so I decided to try here rather than venture too far from home.  

The service over the phone and upon pick up were very warm and friendly, and the restaurant looked like a cute place to have a casual dinner.  I imagine the friendly warm service would extend to patrons dining in.  

We got the oxtail platter with plantains and curry goat with cabbage.  Both came with rice and beans.  We also got the island wings.  Everything was delicious, even the sides.  The goat was my favorite.  The meat was tender and portions plentiful.  I could have gone a little heavier on the seasoning, but it was good nonetheless.  The wings were good as well, but not as mind blowing as I expected based on some of the other reviews.  

The only reason I probably wouldn't come here for take out is the price tag.  For an the oxtail ,goat, and 5 piece of wings, the bill came to about $50.  I understand that the menu is a little pricier since their establishment likely has hire overhead than your typical hole in the wall Jamaican/Caribbean but since I tend to do take out for this type of cuisine I'm not used to paying this much for it.  To maximize your meal, I'd say you should eat in and get that good service that's built into the menu price.  That said, I knew what I was ordering and glad I tried it.  One of these days, I'm sure I'll be dining in with a bottle of wine.
This is hands down the BEST carribbean food. Everything I've had from the grilled shrimp appetizer, to the jerk chicken (entree & pasta) to the curried chicken and oxtail (including all of the sides) was absolutely delicious! Leave room for dessert - the bread pudding is the perfect ending. We have found a new fav place and will continue to come back again!
This was our first time here and we enjoyed most of the food as a Jamaican I felt that my food wasn't as authentic as I expected it to be. My favorite dish is Island wings and the Jerk grill pork. I wanted the foods to wow me but it didn't. I feel like it could have been better.
Went here a couple of weeks ago while apartment hunting, and it was a mistake. The food is simply not good. I ordered a Jerk Chicken Cheesesteak, and there was nothing Jerk about it. It tasted like chicken with a little non discript seasoning. I decided to order a side of Mac and Cheese because when Mac and Cheese costs more than other sides, it's usually very good. This tasted like kraft mac and cheese. Despite the fact that this location is around the corner from my apartment, I will not be returning. I don't understand the positive ratings here...I assume these people have never had authentic Caribbean food. Best bet is to go to Gigi's Food Truck at 38th and Spruce...their jerk chicken is on point and cheaper!
This place has been on my radar for a while, they have a few things on the menu that peak my interest.  I ended up coming here for brunch one Sunday on somewhat of a whim.  So first thing I will say is they are BYOB, so come prepared.  When I came I wasn't sure about a wait, but luckily there wasn't one, thank goodness because I was famished! 
When I first walked in I knew immediately I was going to be taken care of, they are warm and inviting to all of their patrons.  We started off with a bowl of Porridge, delicious, it warmed my whole soul.  I asked about the dinner menu even though it was 2 hours early because I wanted conch fritters that weren't on the brunch menu, I was told it would not be an issue... so we enjoyed that as an appetizer as well.  And enjoyed we did, they were perfectly browned on the outside and opened to a sheer deliciousness on the inside.  They have seriously mastered the consistency and the flavor! I got the mango drink which was nice, thick and pure and went perfectly with my added spirits. 
The brunch entrée came out in good time, I got the Ackee & Saltfish with spinach, plantains and dumpling.  What a feast! It was simply amazing, I was anticipating it being a lot more Americanized, but that was not the case.  It's hard because I want to come back for dinner, but it's going to be hard to coming knowing they serve this for brunch and you were too late to enjoy it. This is the kind of place you, come for brunch go shopping and make space for dinner and dessert and come back later in the day.  Now granted I haven't had their dinner but I can already tell it's going to be amazing... everything that hit our table was, so why would dinner be any different.  
To add icing and sprinkles to the already delectable cake the service is great, the chef & owner Carl came out and checked on us and personally thanks us for dining with them and we were able to shower him with compliments.  I will definitely be returning, and I cannot wait!
I ordered Rasta pasta yesterday with Island wings. Everything yesterday was good. I love the wings so L ordered some more today. The only thing with the wings today....they were super salty.  I couldn't eat them they were so salty. I love this place but as a suggestion maybe cut down on the salt a little...thanks.
Got take out from this restaurant today and it was so amazing!! The island wings were awesome!! Food was ready fast and the staff was very friendly at pick up. I would highly recommend this place!
I treated myself to their island wings, Mac n cheese and greens last night. 

I'm obsessed with the quality of food and delicious flavors. 

I ordered the individual thanksgiving meal for the holiday and LOVED everything!! The meal smelled so good, I ate half of it the day before thanksgiving giving. So if they have the similar meal option for Christmas, I now know to order two meals, instead of one. 

The food is too good, and I will always want more. 

The side portions are reasonable and will leave you full just enough to come back for more.
Had a great experience enjoyed everything down to the homemade ginger beer. The chef even came out to ask about our dishes.
Will be spending a good bit of time in this neighborhood, so I begin my culinary journey.
48th Street Grille is a beautiful, spacious establishment located in the heart of West Philadelphia. The wonderful, personable and super friendly Chef Carl is the mastermind behind this incredible gem. The fact that he always comes out from the kitchen and makes his rounds to all his patrons is such a great touch. He makes you feel very much at home as if you're in his own personal dining room. I came here with a friend for dinner and also for brunch and he has done this on both occasions.
You can also B.Y.O Wine, champagne, and beer ($5 cork fee for wine/champagne, $3 cork fee for beer).

Such a diverse menu with many options to choose from! When I came here for dinner I had the stew chicken, cabbage, and rice and peas. My friend had the curry chicken, cabbage, and white rice. Both dishes were incredible! We shared a side of mac and cheese and we thoroughly enjoyed it as well. We brought our own rosé to compliment our dinner. We came back about a month later to check out their brunch (especially since Chef Carl came out to our table during dinner and completely SOLD us on why we should come). I had the fried catfish with grits 
(served with island grits and garlic cream sauce on the side). I added collard greens for an extra $3. My friend had the Jamaican Breakfast
(ackee & saltfish served with collard greens, fried plantains and fried dumplings). We devoured our meals and washed it down with a tropical sangria that I made. Both dishes were outstanding and of course Chef Carl came out to make sure we were enjoying our experience. 

I highly recommend this place so please visit if you're ever in the Philly area.
Best oxtail I've ever had and I was born in the Caribbean 
Not to mention very clean place and great people
Amazing food, ordered for pickup and it was ready super quickly. Got fried catfish and waffles + shrimp and grits and everything was incredible and great portions
Great addition to West Philly dinning! the food is great! I tried the jerk chicken and the curry chicken and both were AWESOME!!! the cornbread was also sooooo good. 
I took my 2 of my friends there on 2 seperate times and they both took their friends there in less that a week of  going to the resturant.  BTW one of my friends is jamaican and she loved the food! 
I look for any excuse to go there! 
the only con is that the food takes time to come out but it is WORTH the wait!
First time at this establishment.  The food was excellent.   Now the bad:   Front of house could use some training.  Every time someone came in they would have them sit and wait while there were plenty of empty tables.   Wait staff wasn't very attentive.  It took over 50 minutes for our main dish to come out of the kitchen.   We were there for about an hour and a half.   

I had the vegetable spring roll.  It had great flavor.   Second course I had a house salad.   Third course was blackened catfish.   It would be nice if we could have picked our sides for the entree but they weren't accepting any substitutions.   The catfish had mashed potatoes and green beans?    I ordered a side of Mac and cheese and ate my dinner mates collard greens.  They both were good.   Really didn't touch my sides.   Who wants that with blackened catfish.   My husband had sweet chili chicken wings then the soup followed by chicken and waffles.   He said his food was excellent.  

It will be worth another trip to see if service is better and to try more of the delicious food.  

Four stars because of front of house, otherwise it would be five.
This place was an instant "go to" choice from the moment they opened. I've never had anything that I didn't like on the menu. Everything from the signature dishes (such as the brown stew chicken, curry chicken or jerk chicken) to the vegetarian options (so happy they have options!) -- you will be full and happy by the end of your meal. Definitely try the homemade ginger beer or sorrel as they're delicious and you won't be disappointed. They are also a byob so you can bring your favorite bottle with you to match what you're having to eat. The service is always great even when it's packed, it may be a little slower then you're used to, but if you order a starter you won't even mind. The restaurant is always clean and ordering online for pickup or delivery (Eat24) is perfect. Very happy for their continued success and I will continue to be a neighborhood patron. Kudos!
Delicious! The wings, jerk chicken sandwich and chocolate cake were all terrific, and the staff was friendly and welcoming.
Very delicious! A lot of their dishes lean towards the sweet side, but it works. After a few disappointing Caribbean food experiences in Philly, I finally found the one. 

+ Island wings - crispy, hot and fresh. I live a few blocks away and having them crispy is key. The sweetness works if you're in the mood for sweet wings. Tangy and flavorful.

+ Jerk chicken - A perfect pairing with the braised cabbage and red beans/rice - all of which were seasoned well. The sauce of the dish was delicious that it would be a magic ingredient for any meat and veggies dish.

+ Patties - always good! The curry flavor comes through and is super flavorful, not dry.
Love, love, love this place. The food, the homemade drinks, the wonderful people who run the place....all is on point.

We usually get the ox tail and the jerk chicken plus plantain, garlic mash, mac n cheese and cabbage. My family is from the islands and the food at 48th Street Grill is absolutely authentic and delicious. I was excited when I heard about a Caribbean spot opening on my block last year. By now we have dined in and taken out plenty of times and the quality is consistently top notch. 

Definitely try the homemade ginger beer. So flavorful. 

I never tried a dessert but saw somebody else order the cheesecake. It looked divine. So next time I will have to give it a whirl.

Take it from somebody who got married at the Jamaican Jerk Hut on South Street: if you like their food, you will love the food at 48th Street.

One word about the owner and staff: the love they have for what they do shines through. Every single time we have dined in, the owner comes out from the kitchen and talks to his guests. What a lovely touch! 

Thank you for opening this gem in our neighborhood!
My friend and i decided to go here for lunch. This was our first visit and me being the food enthusiast i am was very excited to try it for the 1st time.  The menu is 2 pages with your traditional Carribean fair like oxtail and curry chicken but also includes some unique items like garlic shrimp with a pinapple ranch sauce? ? We opted for the jerk chicken entre, shrimp linguine, with conch fritters for the appetizer.  I will say that the freshly made sorrel was pretty good but our 1/2 of the conch fritters we not cooked all the way.  We were so hungry we just ate around the uncooked dough.  My friend was not impressed with her pasta. i was looking for authentic jerk chicken cooked on a pit but when i asked the waitress how it was cooked,  she refused to answer only saying that the owners /cooks made it in their own uniwue way.  What was thst about?? I ordered it anyway.   I should have listened to my gut and ordered something else. The chicken was spicy but had some weird sweet sauce on it. I guess to balance out the heat.  I could've gone without it.  They really should give people a choice of what kind of sauce they want.  

The place was ok overall.  It felt like maybe the flavors had been mellowed American palettes.  My search for authentic carribean food continues...
My boo had her party there tonight reserved for ten people. The restaurant had a few party's also. The serve was VERY SLOW. Slow to the point where they served us our food before closing and stood around like we need to hurry up. The server forgot to give everybody at the table a glass of water. They was so low to the point where we brought our own BYOB and we had to wait till another party finished with the glasses for we can use them to drink. The food was good, the service was slow. We still had a good time. Sitting in might not happen again but I'll do take out. I'll even give them a hour heads up if I do.
Food is great. Service was bit slow even though we were only yhe second table. They almost forgot our dri ks and we had to get our own utensils. I did hear that service is great now so I would definitely go back.
I had the pleasure of dining here for both dinner and Brunch and was satisfied both times. The plaintains and mashed potatoes arep good and the pancakes with sauteed bananas and warm brown sugar butter were delicious. Definitely recommend this place for eats and treats :-)
Wonderful dining experience: Exquisite food and impeccable customer service.
I had the jerk wings (5) and cabbage which accompanied a unique tasting veggie slaw.
I topped off my meal with bread pudding (to go). I had the opportunity to meet the chef and proprietor who was equally charming.
This will definitely be my new "go to" spot when I'm in the area.
Honestly ! This is most delicious oxtail I ever tasted. Everything was seasoned to the bone. Presentation was beautiful. Best birthday dinner in awhile. I will return soon when we back in Philly.
My 2nd time eating at this establishment was just a s good as the first.  The waitress was very friendly and the service was good.  The jerk chicken was great.  The sauce used has a bold taste with a hint of BBQ.  The side of cabbage was a nice compliment along with the rice and beans.  The head chef came out to greet us and to ensure we enjoyed our meal.  Overall, this place was a good lunch time choice for me and my coworkers.

Oh and I can't forget the sinfully decadent chocolate cake with shaved chocolate...pure bliss.
Definitely a disappointment. Fries not done and burned chicken. Spent $15.02 and the food was no where near worth it. However the staff was very polite. I on the other hand will not be patronizing this business. You live and you learn. #neveragain
My friend took me here for a birthday dinner on 11/22. We were greeted by a friendly hostess & seated promptly. We ordered the salmon, blackened tilapia & shared additional sides of macaroni and cheese & plantains. The tilapia was a sizable filet & was seasoned perfection! String beans & mashed potatoes came with the fish. The string beans had onions in them & were enjoyable. The mashed potatoes reminded me of what you would get at chili's on a skillet entree, but that's how I like my mashed potatoes, so they were delicious. The mac & cheese lacked a little bit of zest that comes from extra sharp cheddar, but had a nice brown top. The plantains were just sweet enough & lightly fried. Perfect! The portions were huge so I had to pack the rest to-go. We shared the chocolate cake which is devilishly delicious, moist & chocolatey! The chocolate cake was packed to-go as well. 

Towards the end of the meal, we were graced by the presence of the owner & chef Mr. Carl Lewis. He made sure we were enjoying ourselves & made an effort to get to know us. This was the cherry on top of a fabulous dinner! I'll definitely spread the word about this place & will return. There isn't a lack of Caribbean restaurants in west Philly, but this food is good, clean & a healthier take on traditional Caribbean favorites.
Genuinely the best food I've had in a LONG time. I'll be here every night for a while. My partner and I plan on trying everything on the menu. The head chef has come out every time we've come, in order to ask us about the food and how our days went. If I could give 6/5 stars I would. Excllent food, service, and establishment in general. The owner and his daughter are always around, and they brighten my day every time!
Get out to 48th St and visit this great addition to an up and coming neighborhood. The Caribbean cooking is tops.
Delicious!!! I had the jerk chicken, rice and peas and the collard greens! They make their own lemonade and ginger beer!
Excellent food and service. I recommend sharing since the portions are generous. Great local business. Don't overlook the desserts either.
I ordered the jerk chicken with Mac and Cabbage. The Jerk chicken had a weird black pepper coating that made it inedible. The Macaroni and Cheese was off. Huge chunks off orange,unmelted cheese and flavorless noodles. And the cabbage was tasteless and need to cook longer,as it was hard to chew.I just wasn't impressed by the food or the inflated prices for a meal your could make 10x better at home. The only standout were the conch hush puppies, and they could've been meatier. And the homemade cake was decent,although the icing was slightly too sweet. Take a drive to the Broad/Olney area and hit up Steves Takeout. Fresher.Tastier.And made with Love.
I went back and re read my review to try and comprehend why exactly the management felt compelled to point out that the chef is a native of Jamaica. I never implied that he/she was not. What I essentially said is that the food was not good, because...it wasn't...wherever the chef is from. Just because some one is a native of a country, does not mean that they can successfully cook the cuisine. Also, whatever shrimp you claim to use...what I received was NOT jumbo, I'm sorry but it was not. And as far as what causes the dark color on the plantains, yes, I am well aware that it is the sugar which COMES from the plantain being ripe. Whatever the case they were not ripe enough to cook and be served as sweet plantains, period. Not just "for me", just in general. They probably should have been used for tostones. Dear Management, please do not come on my yelp review and condescend to me and then wrap it up in a bow of an insincere apology, please and thanks.
Got takeout from here .. Island Wings and Jerk Wings ... Island wings were the fav no complaints crisp wings amazing sauce .. Jerk tasted like they used store brought sauce seems like something I can buy at shoprite .. but still tasty .. wish they would've grilled or fried the wings maybe ... 

A bit pricey at $14 for 10 wingettes also they were all 9 flats and 1 drum .. the jerk were $9 for 5 wings again all flats .. also got fries nothing special .. and the cornbread is HUGE and cake like .. 

In short I'd get the Island Wings again sweet, sticky, a lil kick and spice!!! For $14 they should add fries with it and not a la carte
Great Food, good service! Will be coming back this week for the Island Wings. The chef/owner came out to our table and had small convo with us. As a patron, that means a lot and it shows a lot about the customer service
My girlfriend and I had wanted to try this place for a while, having had it recommended by friends of ours.  What an amazing place! If it is not on your list of places to go in West Philly, you are missing out.

Our server, Michael, was friendly and professional, and we were seated comfortably at a bath with a great view of the cheerfully decorated space. After placing our orders, we received rolls that were oven fresh, warm and soft on the inside, with just a little crunch on the outside.  Delicious.

But it was the main course that really got my attention.  My girlfriend got the Salmon fillet with a sweet and spicy sauce, yam, and vegetables. The salmon was grilled just right, tender on the inside, with a subtle crunchiness seared into the surface.  The sauce, yam, and veggies complemented it well.  My goat curry was so good, I had to stop after the first bite just to savor the meat, which was fall-off-the-bone tender, in a bright, pungent sauce.  The rice and cabbage sides were similarly delightful, and their more subtle flavors offset the more striking curry flavor.

We finished by splitting a piece of sweet potato cheesecake.  Now I'm not usually a big fan of sweet potato, but this I would eat any day.  Wow!

I will need to come back here to see if I can get my hands on some of their home made ginger beer.

This place is one of the best I've been to in West Philly!
The food is excellent. I've only experienced this restaurant as a take out option and have yet to be disappointed. The jerk chicken wings with the pineapple ranch dip is awesome. Perfect combination.   I've tried a few other dishes that came with cabbage and rice and beans and they blend together very well.  Not too impressed with the mac and cheese.  It's definitely not made with the same love as the other menu items.  My only concern is the price. The prices don't match the portions you're served. Nearly 15 dollars for 10 jerk wings makes you think twice if other options are available.
Strolled in for dinner around 6pm on a Tuesday night and was greeted at the entrance by a friendly hostess, who seated me immediately. 

After a quick peruse of the menu, I ended up ordering the large oxtail platter and a ginger beer. The server was helpful in answering all of my questions and even offered me a sample of the ginger beer before committing to an entire glass. 

The food came out pretty quickly and was tasty! As someone with Caribbean parents, the food was on point. It had the perfect amount of heat to add to the flavor without taking over the dish. Oxtail platter came with rice and peas and a side. I got plantains which were pretty good, but maybe a tad overripe. Had the bread pudding for dessert which was also good. 

Server came by just enough to be attentive without being annoying. I was working on a work project and didn't feel rushed to leave, even after I finished eating. Although, admittedly, it wasn't super busy. 

Overall, a great addition to the neighborhood. We've really been lacking a good sit down place to eat. There were a couple other menu items that look promising so I'll definitely be back!
I've enjoyed two delicious brunches here-- their pancakes are AWESOME. Fluffy but still with a little crisp. The service is great. Would definitely recommend. Looking forward to trying their dinner sometime!
Soooo glad my search is over for a delicious, friendly, professional and CLEAN spot for oxtails! I love everything about 48th Street Grille plus the fact that you can call ahead to place your order. Everyone is very nice and I ate every last drop of everything I got. I just wish it was closer but knowing how excellent the food and service are, I will gladly make the 25 minute trek!
Definitely coming back. I absolutely love Caribbean food, and it's really funny that despite the plethora of Carib restaurants in Philly, after eating at 48th street grill, I felt like it was the first time that I've really experienced the cuisine. First, the ambiance is great- once you step in, the vibrant colors give a tropical feel without being too over the top or cliche. Second, the service was good- the hostess/waitress was super friendly, had a great smile, and was very attentive. Third, the food was delish. I ordered the jerk chicken and it came with rice and peas and vegetables. The jerk was spicy but not over powering and perfectly cooked. The rice was seasoned well and by vegetables, they meant veggies as in carrots, squash, and zucchini, not the cabbage you typically try a Caribbean spot. I got the small portion and it was the appropriate amount of food. I'm really happy that there's yet another great restaurant in West Philly. Can't wait to try out the rest of the menu.
Awesome food and great service!!!

I ate the island wings which had a good spice but my favorite was their spicy shrimp and mac&cheese. Although my food was good, I was upset I didn't try their fried wings and waffles. My friend had that dish and he loved it and it looked great!! It's a family business and the manager stop by and ensured everyone was enjoying their food! That's is a testament to great service. I don't live in the area but I would definitely come back.
I really wanted to give this place a 5 star but I have to be honest about this. The food was service was very good but for one of my dishes, the clam pasta was drenched a thick layer of what looked like to be butter. I couldn't get myself to finish eating the plate because it looked so gross. The service was phenomenal, everyone kept checking up on us to make sure everything about the meal was alright.
Excellent through and through! The wings as an appetizer were out of this world. We had a big party and everyone's dinner was excellent. The jerk chicken, rasta pasta, tilapia and lobster mac-n-cheese were all delicious. The service was very good AND the chef visited our table. I would highly recommend this place.
Great food and amazing service! The Jerk chicken was delicious and my favourite side was the mashed sweet yams. The Ginger beer is a must-try.
If you're familiar with the phrase "tastes so good makes you wanna slap your momma". I needn't say anything more. Lunch from here on Wednesday and brunch this afternoon. I have never enjoyed shrimp and grits more. Ever. And I grew up in NC. Go, order, eat, repeat!
I ordered a Jerk chicken sandwich with fries. The food looked great but the chicken was very tough and hard to eat. I'm sad to say the fries was best thing on the plate
The island wings were delicious!!!! Do not pass them up you will not regret. The staff is super friendly, I will be back.
The jerk chicken platter was delicious and huge, even my husband couldn't finish it all (and he eats a lot!) The jerk chicken sandwich was also delicious and very meaty! We ordered conch fritters as well but i felt like they were a waste of money considering they were tiny and didn't taste that great. The owner was very nice and I look forward to trying out the rest of the menu!
The food was very good, the service was odd. 

The good: 
Food is tasty, well seasoned, the portions generous. We had several appetizers and the shrimp curry. Very good food at reasonable prices. 

The odd: 
Our waiter either didn't care or had no idea how to handle a group of more than 4. Each person had to ask for water individually. When we asked for menus, he only brought 4 of them. When we asked for more, we got an attitude of "of course I'll bring more for you, why are you even asking?" Perhaps because it's appropriate to bring menus for everyone in a party at the same time and not when individual people ask? The food came out so staggered that by the time the last people got their food, the first people were completely done. I understanding all dishes not coming out at exactly the same time but this was way beyond that. Our party brought a case of beer and several bottles of wine. The corkage fees they wanted to charge originally (before our host talked them down) was $5 per bottle of wine and $2.50 per bottle of beer, which is completely ridiculous.
On a friend's recommendation, I went in to discuss catering for my Big Birthday party. I ended up booking and looking no further. Went home with individual  (HUGE) portions of the 3 dishes I'd ordered. 

I am SO HAPPY!!  Flavor, quality, way out of my tasting experience.  A real treat and the per person price (incl tax and delivery) really reasonable (under $13)

The restaurant itself sparkles, is comfortable, and had droolingly delicious looking cakes in a display case. I'll have to go just for myself before my birthday
I give it 2 stars because the wings were good. So here we go...I ordered the curry goat and it was like a green soup. It had no flavor what so ever and for $22.25 I would expect either and an abundance of meat or flavor and I found none! My wife had the salmon pasta, yikes it's was horrible. The food was over priced and flavorless. Welp guess I should have stuck with what I know when it comes to Jamaican food, Quality Taste on Lancaster Ave. #whereistheflava #toopricey
I'm not really one to nit pick on service, but I do notice when someone does little things to make the experience a better one. I did a walk in take out and the person at take out was busy taking a call. The waitress saw that I was waiting and took my order for me. She was friendly and attentive towards others when I sat down to wait on my food. I ordered Jerk chicken wings and I like my chicken to be a little smaller and these were huge. They were good and well marinated. I got two entree the braised oxtail and jerk pork chop. Let me start off with the oxtail, it was good. I've had better, but it was good along with the rice beans and veggies. The Jerk pork chop was my favorite so far, pork chop well marinated and moist. Steam cabbage and mash potatoes made it hefty. The portions is hefty and you definitely can't leave hungry when done.
Overall experience was just ok. 

The decor was nice and the staff were friendly and our waitress was attentive. 

The wait time between ordering and eating was about 15 mins. Had the island wings to start which weren't my favorite as it was really sweet. I had the jerk chicken entree with Mac and cheese and rice and beans. My favorite thing on the plate was the rice which says a lot. To me authentic jerk chicken is marinated so flavor is throughout then grilled and not just baked chicken covered in jerk sauce so major loss of points there. The Mac and cheese was too wet if that makes sense (the cheese sauce didn't stick to my macaroni. It was more like a Mac and cheese soup). My boyfriend ordered the curry goat which was actually good. The goat was tender and flavorful. 

Would I go back? Probably not, but if I did it would be for the curry goat.
Solid flavor profile, and exceeded my expectations for Caribbean-American cuisine. As this is far from your typical hole in the wall Jamaican joint, I assumed the flavors and spice level would be subdued, but 48th street grille gladly proved me wrong. 

What I ordered:
Dark meat jerk chicken platter, 10 island wings, baked Mac and cheese and beef patty. The portions were hefty and almost made me forget I paid over $20 for jerk chicken :)
Back to the flavors, spice level on jerk was a 3.5/5. The jerk gravy had notes of cardamom and all-spice, which gave it a nice but subtle hint of sweetness. The sauce on the island wings is bomb! Reminded me of general tso's chicken but better. 

I can't to try more menu items!
Came into the place at 830 for some last minute dinner. Note that this review got the last meal of the day. I don't know what the first plate taste like but the last plate was not bad. 

The good: food. This place has some of the best hit the spot food I have had in a minute. I started my order with them island wings. I can't rave about these enough, I was swimming in saucy heaven. I washed the wings down with some freshly made ginger beer. Wasn't the best $5.95 I spent but I quickly forgot cause my jerk chicken cheese steak arrived. Surface level, the cheese steak is nothing special.  However, on the side is some of the zestiest, finger-licken, good sauce. I know I just made up a word but that sauce was super tasty. Food 9/10. Staff super friendly too 8.5/10

The bad: the wait. We waited 30 minutes for the wings which is absurd because the entire came out 30 minutes after the wings. Not that the food wasn't good,  but the wait took way too long. And to add insult to injury the food came out like warm, not hot. Again this was the last customer of the night's review not the first,  but the wait was too long. Also,  this may not be an issue for many,  but the seats where super uncomfortable.  Killed my mood. Ambiance 5/10

Overall this place gets a solid 8/10. The fact that the chief and waitress talked in a Jamaican accent added some laughs too.
The best food I've ever had, my group order the ox tail, jerk chicken curry and angus steak 
Also such a kind and friendly staff
