This review deserves brutal honesty, so let's get right into it. @Ramen is located in Manayunk PA (Nice Town BTW). I like the logo, and the interior of the restaurant which is the only top ten ESPN highlight here. I ordered the Tonkotsu, and my friends ordered the Tan Tan, and the Miso Ramen. I have experienced Ramen all over the Tri State area, and immediately this became the most disappointing Ramen restaurant I've ever attended. 

The Food -The noodles had a cooked cold feel, the broth possessed no flavor. This dish appeared to taste like warm microwaved evaporated milk. The Tan Tan had the same affect (not spicy at all), and the Miso tasted like an expired chicken bullion cube sitting around on the shelf with the package left open. Both Ramen bowls were lukewarm to cold. Also the pork tasted like it was left out over night or a week old. 

The service - No complaints with the service, but I did notice the water appeared to be dirty with debris floating at the top of my glass.

In Closing - @Ramen needs to revamp all of their recipes immediately or they will not be around this time next year. Also to be clear this was the worst ramen establishment I've ever been to in regards to food quality, and taste. I am surprised of the positive feedback @Ramen has received which I believe does not deserve. If I were to send out the dishes served to customers, I would be completely embarrassed, and @Ramen should be. Ramen served in a cup, and all other inexpensive Ramen pumped with sodium sold in packages excelled over the dishes served @Ramen. I hope this review assists @Ramen to improve their products. I'm sure when anyone opens a business the people employed believe in their product. This is nice location for @Ramen, change needs to happen immediately for them to succeed.
We were craving ramen recently, and decided to check out @Ramen on a Sunday evening. Of course street parking isn't ideal, but it wasn't too bad on a Sunday. This place though! It's adorable! There's little seating and a small menu, but it definitely adds a little bit of intimacy and coziness to a fun ramen place.

We started with the dumplings which were pretty good, but it was a rather small order. The ramen came pretty quickly but they weren't terribly busy at this time. It was very tasty for sure, but the portion size itself was a bit small- and I'm talking in terms of the noodle. Ramen is a noodle dish, so I definitely wish there were more noodles! The flavor was good though, and our service was great- they didn't bother us, but they always stopped by to bring us more water as we needed it.

The dishes are a little pricy as well, probably what you'd expect for the area. It's not too bad for just the ramen, but if you're going to load up on apps and desserts, you'll probably spend a bit more than you'd expect on ramen. Overall, we enjoyed @Ramen, and we'd return again when we're craving ramen!
I've been to @Ramen on Main Street Manayunk more than a handful of times by this point.  I strongly believe it deserves a visit if you are a ramen fan.  If you factor in convenience to me (location-wise), it would be a five-star!

That all being said, I have to temper expectations.  It is not the best ramen I've had in the city and people keep telling me Manayunk is out of the way.  If you are in the area for a stroll, it offers much needed diversity from the standard Main Street fair.

I had each of the ramen they offered from the original menu.  Recently, they revamped the menu slightly, adding a new flavor or two. I ordered their Kagoshima ramen and believe it is my new favorite.  I do miss the free mustard greens they provided, but was thrilled that some of the typical extras (like an egg) are included in their ramen.

The portions are more than fair.  The quality is solid.  The service friendly and quick.  And while the atmosphere of most ramen joints would be far from fancy, @Ramen is clean and nice.

One last item worth noting is @Ramen is credit card only.  I'm used to cash only and have no problem with a place that only takes plastic.  However, I feel that is unusual so worth noting!
Amazing. I feel like Manayunk finally has figured out it's Asian food offerings! The menu is concise and it makes things easy. I indulged in the Truffle Mushroom Ramen and it was fantastic. Hesitant about the kale ramen noodles I opted in swapping them for the egg noodles and I can't imagine the dish getting any better. 

Let's start with the huge portion sizes. I couldn't believe how much was inside the bowl. I've been to plenty of Ramen places where they charge you extra for noodles but here the portions are incredibly generous.

The flavor of the broth was perfect. It wasn't too salty and If you like you can ask for some spicy oil on the side and add more to your liking. In this particular dish there was cabbage, bok choy, mushrooms, and bean sprouts. They offer two sides to decorate your dish if you'd like too, some sort of spicy green onion and pickled greens- delicious! I will definitely be back for more! 

*cash only*
New ramen place in Manayunk! Been waiting for a legit ramen place since moving to the area and @Ramen just opened recently so we were really excited to try it out.

I got the tonkatsu and my wife got the miso, they also gave us some complementary steamed dumplings as part of their grand opening.  The tonkatsu had the right taste but it was very light in taste and texture, not quite as thick of a broth as I'm accustomed to.  The miso just tasted like miso, not sure if it was mixed with any other broth but it was also 'light' on taste and texture.  The plus side is that it doesn't feel as oily or heavy once in your belly, the con is that the taste might not be enough for some.

All in all I felt like the service was great but that maybe they needed the pork bone to cook for longer to get more flavor into the broth.  5 for service, 3 for food thus far but I would be interested in coming back to try their other broths.
Update 29Jun2018. 

They changed their menu. I'm disappointed the broth isn't as good and you literally only eat two tiny pieces of meat and half an egg now. Highly disappointed. Payed an extra dollar for spicy paste and it isn't as good as the previous spicy broth they had. You don't even get a whole egg anymore. I use to come here often. Now I might just make the extra fifteen minute trek to Chinatown. No point in paying more for Ramen where they give you less food and is mediocre now.

You can see the difference between my first few picture and my last two.
So I have no idea how to write or pronounce what I ate today but it was damn delicious! It was a pork broth with roasted pork, egg, sprouts and I added extra ramen and bok choy. I wish I made it a little spicer but other than than, it was still 5 stars. My ramen was brought to me within minutes of taking my order - piping hot. Thankfully it's okay to slurp in this environment and I did just that!
decent place to eat ramen as there doesn't seem to be any other in the area. The owner(s) are Korean, as well as the waiter that served us. This place takes credit cards only - they use a payment system similar to foursquare.

The first thing that unfortunately came to my mind was to compare this place to other ramen places in philly - Terakawa in Chinatown or Ramen Bar in west philly or ESPECIALLY Hiro Ramen in CC. All of which are great ramen shops that have set my standards for what ramen should taste like.

So, when I ordered the tonkatsu ramen, I was pretty disappointed with the flavor. The broth was severely lacking even after some heavy-handed pouring of spices provided on the table. The pork was also kind of dry (not bone-dry, just kind of like overcooked chicken breast) somehow... and to top it off, the dish didn't come with an egg which is standard for other ramen shops, and the noodles were a bit overcooked/soggy. The veggies they used in it were also atypical. Like cabbage. Bean sprouts...and chinese broccoli. None of which go especially well with the dish. I'd much rather have shiitake mushrooms and bamboo shoots at the least.

I know I'm being a bit unfair to compare it to other ramen restaurants (not every sushi joint can be morimoto). I get it. Maybe it's the palette of the chef and of the other reviewers... There's also no sign saying "Traditional Japanese Ramen" anywhere.  

I think I'll come back again in a few months and see if my opinion changes.

*A side note - if you do come here, get the Ramune drink. It's sweet and delicious, and the bottle is pretty interesting if you've never had it before
I was really excited to see another ramen option but this place turned out to be average - I might drop in if I'm in the area but it's not a shop I'll plan to head to.

Plus: The ramen came with a generous serving of vegetables, which is always a nice touch when you're bombing your GI tract with salt and fat.

Plus: The dumplings were tasty and full of meat. I liked the beef dumpling better.

Minus: The tonkotsu soup base was disappointingly flat. I'm not sure what shortcut was taken but it did not have the full-bodied flavor that is characteristic of lovingly boiled broth.

Minus: They do not serve the traditional ramen egg (where the white is solid but the yolk is soft and gooey). The egg here was served sliced up, with a hard yolk. I was deprived of biting into golden yumminess. Also, the egg was only seasoned with soy and was missing the characteristic mirin flavor.
I would love to give these guys five stars. Sheer enthusiasm for their new business would get them five. However...based in the ramen alone it is a weak three stars. Lets break it down:
Broth: five stars. Tonkotsu was creamy with no oily residu. Clean. Beautifully crafted.
Noodles: slightly overcooked. 3 stars. I've had worse, I've had much much better.
Charshu: this is a toughie. It is not soft and lucious, it is cooked well then flamed. Slightly chewy. Good flavor. I'd give it four stars.
Toppings: this is where they lost alot of points. No corn. No mushrooms. No bamboo shoots. No nori. Not even as optional add ons/ins. 1 star. 
Egg: lost points here too. You made me pay extra for a cold overly hard boiled no soy taste egg. I want a soft boiled soy egg. I want a slightly oozy yolk. 0 stars. 
No condiments at table. 1 star.
They gave out free dumplings. They reminded me of mandoo (korean dumplings). Skins were too soft and filling was weird with a garlicky aftertaste. 
They also give you a small dish with two condiment vegetables. I added the one to the soup to spice it up. Why not just put a container on the table? 

To wrap it all up... there is way better ramen to be had in Philly. This place will serve in a pinch. They really need to work on the toppings. Please figure out how to do a proper soft cooked egg too!

Just for comparison look at Terakawa Ramen's "special" tonkotsu:
Terakawa Ramen (Signature ramen)      10
Natural Heritage Berkshire Pork bone soup topped with roast pork (charshu), bamboo shoots, kikurage mushrooms, red ginger, chopped scallions and a seasoned boiled egg.
Yum!! This place was delicious and the vibe is really cool. I got the spicy katsu ramen. It had thin crispy fried pork that was so tender and was nice and crispy even in the broth. Perfect amount of spice with nicely shredded scallions, and an egg. The only thing I would suggest to them although having the shredded scallion was different I wish it was chopped. I personally have issues trying to chew the scallions like that. The noodles and broth was also perfect. We will definitely be back!
I haven't had a lot of "upscale ramen" (upscale being everything that's not Cup-O-Noodles) to compare this too but I enjoyed my experience at @Ramen. 

The portions are HUGE. I got the Miso Ramen and added egg. You can tell the restaurant reads their Yelp reviews because I did some research prior to my visit and saw users a little unhappy that they served slice, hard boiled egg instead of the tradition soft boiled. My egg was soft boiled and I'm happy I made the addition. 

My dining partner got the Tan Tan Ramen and was pretty overwhelmed by the spice level of it but said it was good. We also both got pork dumplings - they were fine, pretty standard dumplings. 

This spot ONLY takes credit cards, which I thought was interesting. You're seated at small tables with tiny stools which I would image might not be terribly comfortable for someone tall.
Best service on Main Street. Consistently friendly and attentive. Add that to the delicious ramen and sides and it makes for a great experience. So glad to have them in the neighborhood. The menu is small so I've tried most of it. All of it good.  Please me once, good job. Please me consistently and get 5 stars.
Finally went to @Ramen tonight after driving past it so many times on Main St. It's a cute little place on the inside, very typical decor of a ramen place. I thought the chairs for the tables were cute. They were little stools pretty low to the ground. They were different, but in a good way. 

As for the food, they didn't have a huge selection on the menu but I still found something that sounded delicious fairly quickly. I ordered the Spicy Katsu. It was a great choice. It came complete with ramen noodles (obviously), soft boiled egg, bean sprouts, onion, and pork. I enjoy every bit of it. It also wasn't incredibly spicy that it lit my mouth on fire, so definitely an added bonus. My friends and I also split the pork dumplings which were yummy as well. For dessert, we had to get mochi of course. I highly recommend getting the mochi, it was the perfect end to the meal and they piled on a bunch of whipped cream, who doesn't love that?? 

Overall, I had a great experience at @Ramen and I'll definitely be visiting again sometime soon!!
I've only ordered the Truffle Mushroom Ramen here because it's so so sooo good, I can't imagine ordering anything else. I always add an egg, because any ramen of mine isn't complete without one. I've ordered the $1.00 spicy add-on once and I won't order it again. It made the broth a bit oily in my opinion. I

The noodles are perfectly cooked - a bit chewy, just as I like it. 
The broth is slurp-worthy. The vegetables are fresh and the truffle mushrooms are to die for.

This is my favorite ramen hands down. It's way better than that popular Japanese Ramen restaurant in NYC that everyone waits in long lines for even before they open.
I'm a snob when it comes to ramen because I've been to Japan, eaten ramen in New York, and grew up in Asia. This place is good for the Philadelphia area for sure! The soup is very concentrated and creamy if you get the tonkotsu. 

I will say, the spicy sauce you can get in the one ramen is a bit salty and not the spice flavor I expected (I thought it would be more like the one at Ichiran). I think it tastes a little like seafood, so not sure if I would recommend that. however, they are open to making the spicy ramen normal with the sauce on the side if you want to put it in gradually to your liking. 

Drinks are a bit pricey, but great air conditioning and clean bathroom. Nice place to go and good flavors overall.
I was pleasantly surprised by this place.

What I DIDNT like:

Stools to sit on. I had nowhere to put my coat or my purse. The table was too small to put it on there and a stool doesnt give you room to put it either. 

Small water cups. Our waitress had to fill ours countless times.

What I DID like:

HUGE serving. I was so full after which was awesome. 

I was worried getting something with a sesame based broth but it was delicious. I think Id be comfortable getting anything on this menu. 

I will definitely be back.
We've had @ramen several times now and its been decent. After trying several ramen places including terakawa, ramen bar and hiro ramen, I'd say I would rather come back to @ramen. Their tonkotsu and spicy katsu ramen are both worth the try. Katsu sauce comes on the side for takeout at least so you could add to your liking though I wish it could be more spicy. I like to take out the crispy pork cutlets on the side before adding the broth so they would remain crispy. Tonkotsu chashu sizes are decent but spicy pork pieces are a bit thin. Portions are enough for a meal however theres room to add toppings or appetizer. Would like to see a bit more toppings included originally though.
Amazing ramen! Consistent when dining in and taking out. I've tried everything on the menu - all good. I especially love their takoyaki.
I'm officially a regular here. It's consistently good and centered on a tight menu of a handful of ramen options (a couple are almost identical but have different broths, making them "Tokyo style" or "Sapporo style") and a couple apps. (I've had the chicken dumplings.) The portions are great - they skew large, but I finish the bowl about half the time and have about a cup leftover the rest of the time - perfect for a midnight snack. There are a few different noodle options, like kale noodles or egg noodles. All are fresh tasty and chewy and hearty. There's only one vegetarian option on the menu but one of the servers told me another one could be made vegetarian or at least pork-free by switching out the broth. I haven't done that yet because I love the truffled mushroom ramen and generally think if it ain't broke don't fix it. That said I wish they didn't charge an extra $1 to make it spicy. That should just be a default option. 

Important to note this place is credit card only, NO cash!
@Ramen is a welcome addition to the philly ramen scene.  This casual eatery is centrally located along Main St. in Manayunk, and it's a spot you won't want to miss.  I tried the tonkatsu ramen and was really pleased.  The broth was pretty well rounded and had enough umami depth to make me feel full but not food coma full.  The noodles were cooked well too with a good amount of chew.  The only thing that could probably use work is the pork, the two slices I got had good char but not much more flavor wise.  It had the doneness of a chip so I didn't particularly care for it.  If it was perhaps sliced a little thicker with a little more jelly like fat and some more pork taste I'd be hooked.  The other glaringly awesome thing about this place is its service.  Our server was fantastic and attentive and seemed to handle the place well on her own and never once rushed us out of seat giving @Ramen a really nice neighborhood gathering place feel.  If you're craving noodles on main street @Ramen is a must try!
The ramen is great as always but the wait is too long tonight. Not because they don't have table, we sit at the our table waiting for 30 minutes!!!
I ate here during their soft opening and the ramen was decent. I wish they had more options and I feel that their egg is overpriced and it comes hard boiled instead of soft boiled. 

I knocked two stars off because I recently drove over to get some takeout ramen and was told they don't do take out. 

It says on here and on their Facebook that they do.

Also! I would've called to ask but their phone number doesn't work. 

What a mess
My fiance and I stopped by a few days ago for some ramen on a cold night. We both ordered the TanTan Ramen! It came out really fast which was a plus! Compared to other ramen bars we've been to they definitely give you way more vegetables and toppings which was really reallllly good! The ramen also came with a mini side dish of chive kimchi and another pickled vegetable that went really well with the dish. We also got to try their steamed dumplings which my fiance loveddd. The dumplings had a smoky taste with sweet marinated beef. And for dessert their green tea and redbean mochi ice cream gave our mouths a cold shock after eating a hot bowl of ramen which was refreshing haha

The service was impeccableee!! The staffs were all so attentive and nice! 
Would definitely come again!!
Thank you!
Love the ramen but suggest skip the GrubHub delivery since their service is terrible. Our ramen never came last night even though Yelp tracker claimed it was delivered. Sorry to post this under @Ramen but Yelp has no option for delivering feedback on it or its partner GrubHub.
Solid Ramen! First time here. Thought I'd get something for dinner . Had the Katsu pork. All packed up nicely to reheat hours later. ( broth packed separately) Good service. It was really yummy on a cold day.  .  Excellent noodles! The only down side it was a little bit pricy. $18 with a $4 tip. But I'll be back. The broth was rich and spicy.
My go-to ramen spot in the area. Their quality and service are consistently good.

Food:
Chicken Dumpling - 3/5 stars - Straightforward steamed dumplings that are good but nothing special.

Pork Dumpling - 4/5 stars - These have much more flavor than the chicken dumplings. I like that you can add it to the ramen as a topping. 

Spicy Katsu Ramen - 4/5 stars - Pork based broth with a nice touch of garlic. The spicy paste is an enjoyable level of heat that doesn't take away from the broth. The pork is crispy and flavorful and the egg is soft and creamy. The noodles are served a bit on the soft side but it's just my preference to have them be more al dente. 

Miso Ramen - 4/5 stars - My favorite from here if I'm not in the mood for spicy. The miso paste is great and makes the broth a bit more savory and adds some thickness without overpowering the dish.
Fantastic service, restaurant is cute and well kept. The Shrimp Tempura Shoyu Ramen was great,  toppings were nice and crunchy. First time trying Takoyaki , crunchy outside, creamy inside with a piece of octopus in the center, delicious.
Service was sooo slow and ramen wasn't anything spectacular either although the tonkotsu broth was above average. It's okay to check out if you really want ramen but I probably won't be back because I don't think wasting 30 min not eating and not getting your food is worth it for a bowls of average ramen.
When I was little we always made late night ramen. It's great that manayunk has a place like @ramen that offers late night ramen. We always spruce it up and I don't always have the fixings at my house. So this is a great spot for me to go to.  Menu is very simple. Service was great and ambience is very relaxed.
Came here on a Tuesday afternoon, there were a handful of people in the restaurant -- it wasn't crowded nor empty. Ordered the takoyaki as an appetizer. It was ok but the batter was a bit bland and there was barely any octopus pieces inside each piece. 

I ordered the Kagoshima ramen and was pretty disappointed. The meat was a miss. It was tough, dry, and lacked flavor. The ramen broth tasted like it was flavored with the seasoning packet that comes with instant ramen. The noodles were okay at least. They tasted like ramen noodles should and were a bit chewy.

The ramen was also served with a ladle instead of a soup spoon. It was rather large and clunky to eat with -- I'm not a fan.
Food surprisingly tasty.  Had the kale noodles plus an egg that I liked a lot. Here is the issue - the only meat offered is pork.  No beef or chicken? If the offering was broader the rating would be higher.  BTW the dumplings were very nice.
New ramen shop on Main St in Manayunk! Finally!!

Got the Tonkotsu and Miso ramen. 

Broth: Tonkotsu broth is creamy, salty and awesome. Miso broth is a bit light and lacks the Miso punch you get at other shops...still really good.

Ramen: the noodles are on point. Right amount of chewiness and perfectly cooked.

Toppings: Roasted pork is nice and thick...
SO GOOD!!! Was waiting for a delish ramen place to open up! Seriously some of the best ramen I've had in Philly. Staff was nice. Place was clean and well decorated. Menu was simple yet tasteful. And most importantly the ramen was goooooooooood! Definitely recommend. Especially for the colder days coming up. This was a perfect place.
Amazing food. The owners are great. The food is wonderful. The ramen is flavorful and delicious. And the dumplings are a must try - probably my favorite dumplings I've ever eaten and I'm quite picky in what dumplings I consider phenomenal
I came here with my boyfriend for dinner on a date night and we were both craving good ramen. The restaurant is cute and spacious on the inside. The service ok and the food was ok. Definitely not the best ramen I've had in philly. The flavor of the noodles was ok but the texture of the noodles was a little firmer than I prefer.

Overall, this was an ok dining experience. However, I would go to Chinatown if you're looking for really good ramen.
I have been here multiple times and I have never been disappointed. This place is run by Koreans, gives a little Korean twist with their choice of vegetables that they add to their ramen. They accept card only because the owner wants to be up front with any investors to show how the business does and it also makes it easier to do so with all card transactions.

Normally my friends and I get their boiled dumplings as appetizers, which come in chicken, pork, or beef. All are good, especially with their dipping sauce. It is full of flavor and the sauce really complements the dumplings. Normally I preferred fried over boiled, but this place has their boiled on point. Perfect meat to vegetable ratio in these dumplings. I give them a 4.5 out of 5 for this. 

Today I came on my own and tried out the pork buns, which they didn't have the last few time I came. Their pork bun isn't bad they stuff it with a lot of veggies. I am just disappointed that the slice of pork they put in it is so thin. Most other place give a much thicker slice of pork in their buns. The sauce they use gives the bun a slight, very minor sour taste in my opinion that I am not the bigger fan of. The steam bun itself is not as soft as I would like it. Overall more of a solid 3 stars out of 5.

I also ordered the Tan Tan ramen with added three pieces of toast pork. The ramen over all is the perfect amount of spicy. Their broth is great. Bad broth is what can make any ramen no matter the other ingredients in your bowl go south, definitely not the case here. The roast pork is very savory. Only thing is their egg is more like a normal hard boiled egg then a marinated egg you find in most ramen. However, it is still good. Over all I give my ramen a 4.5 out of 5.

My friends and I have also had in the past the Tonkotsu, Shoyu, and Truffle Mushroom Ramen. All of which had amazing flavor and no compliments from any of us. All their Ramens are filling and perfect for a cold or rainy day.
Loved dinner at this new Manayunk Ramen restaurant . The tan tan ramen was delicious, came out quickly, and the perfect serving size for an entree. The staff was friendly and the decor was simple but trendy. Can't wait to see what they do as they grow the menu!
This truly was not real ramen. They have all the ingredients of ramen but are not using them correctly. Our ramen came out lukewarm at best. It tasted like nothing special. It came out too fast for ramen first of all.  They didn't ask what noodle firmness we would like. It just wasn't an authentic ramen experience. I am extremely puzzled at the reviewers on here that gave 5 stars to the point I have to question if they are even real customers. If you're going to open a ramen place in Philadelphia area you best be better or at least comparable to Tarakawa the leader of ramen in this area.
I've been to @Ramen at least 15 times. When they first opened I was expecting great things, I was more than over joyed to have a Ramen place only 8 minutes away from where I lived. Unfortunately, they have let me down, since they've changed their menu the quality and taste leave your taste buds wanting more flavors that scream authentic Japanese Ramen. You only get half an egg and two of the smallest pieces of pork with the Kagashima ramen (made with tonkostsu broth), and when you order extra egg they only give you an extra half and extra meat is only one slice ($1.75) as well. It's disappointing. If you really like ramen go somewhere else. The extra drive will be worth it. If you've never had ramen this would be great since the only thing you would have to compare it to is Top Ramen packets or microwaveable cups.
I highly recommend giving this place a shot. Although a little pricey, there are lots of options and add ins that you can do that add tons of flavor to the soup. I got the Spicey chicken ramen, and it was very spicey and full of flavor.
Finally! A bowl of ramen soup I can recommend. I love soup, all kinds of soup. My fave is Hakata style ramen. Which I know is hard to find in the Philadelphia area. But when you crave a nice bowl of soup in a cold day, this will do. 

Would recommend for anyone looking for a good bowl of ramen soup.
Ok, I want to rate this high. However, I'm struck by three flaws at @ramen even though it has provided me a ramen fix on occasion.
1. Skimps on the ramen! Man, it's gone after three mouthfuls. The noodles are few and little. Though the broth is full of flavor.
2. Expensive! Jeesh $14 dollars for a bowl of skimpy noodles is outta line. Considering the food options around Main Street Manayunk and specifically that there's another ramen place one block down and two Pho place two blocks up.
3. Lack of choices. With 4 ramens to choose from. The excitement goes after one or two tastes.

Yeah, it's ok. I would hope the management steps up the game or reduce their prices.
Had late lunch (closer to happy hour). Parking and sitting were no issue.  I had the spicy katsu ramen. It was very tasty.  The spice level was akin (bad analogy) to a sour pickle. Broth was thick and rich, not quite creamy. The soft boiled egg (1/2) was among the best I've had.  Noodles were chewy and "al dente". Filling.  A very limited menu - basically ramen and add-ons.
ordered miso and thought it was great. the issue with many ramen place in my personal opinion is the saltiness but there will be a decent bit by general esp if you get somethign like miso. however i thought it was very well balanced. 

service was great even though only one waitress and nearly a full house.

two large pieces of pork and they give you a decent bit so that you dont have to pay extra for so many toppings like many other places

i didn't get any apps. 

ORDER: waitstaff
JEANS: OK by far
My wife and I love authentic ramen noodles and this was some of the best we had!  Started w/ chicken dumplings which were delicious.  My wife had the Tan Tan noodles, which had a perfect level of spice and I had the Miso Noodles which were awesome.  

The service was quick and friendly.  Our server Matthew (who I believe owns the place) was real cool in explaining whatever we were not sure of.  Even gave us a complimentary dessert since we had never had it.  It was Very good and we'll get it next time so his plan worked.  

Highly recommend and a great addition to Manayunk!
Stopped in yesterday after work, i got the truffle mushroom ramen that comes with the kale ramen noodles... I was in heaven yesterday, it was so cold outside the ramen warmed me right up!!! Will be back again, this place is a gem and the service was quick and super friendly!!!
I've been craving a good ramen fix for months now, so when I decided to finally do something about it today, the anticipation was so high that wherever I went was going to have set the bar incredibly high.

And @Ramen did exactly that! 

My first impression of the building was that it was simple and modern looking with a lot of sleek dark tones inside. I also loved the manga-inspired decor. If you love manga, anime and just want to geek out a little bit, they've got you covered here. There were shelves of manga books on them, but I'm not entirely sure they are there for customers to read, just decoration - but I could be wrong. 

I liked that the menu was simple and uncomplicated. But it still provides a number of decent options. For those who aren't too familiar with ordering ramen, this menu will make it so that you aren't overwhelmed and unsure of what to choose from. It's very approachable.

As for the food itself? AMAZING. I ordered the spicy katsu ramen bowl, and it was perfect. It had one of the best spicy sauces I've ever had. The size of the bowl was perfect - not too small, not too much.

They're doing things right there. If you're craving ramen, you'll love it.
We were seated pretty quickly and the food was good. We ordered the spicy ramen, tonkatsu ramen, chicken dumplings, pork buns (amazing!) and the black sesame/green tea mochi for dessert. The pork buns were huge and delicious and we wish that we had about 7 more orders. 

The ambience was casual but comfortable, although I wasn't the one sitting on the stool.
Had a great Ramen dinner here Christmas weekend.  They were able to accommodate a non pork eater and a vegan with grace.  My husband went in with the attitude that its just ramen.  This was his 1st non Cup O Noodles experience with ramen.  He ended up getting the TanTan and subbed a beef dumpling for the pork and was surprised at the large portion size.  I do wish they would offer a beef broth option for the non pork eaters.  
I ordered the truffle mushroom ramen which was vegan - I hope - as there was no mention of dairy, ect.  No matter it was good anyway and full of mushrooms and veggies.  I really enjoyed the pickled veg add ons they place at the table.  Can't remember what they are but were a pleasant addition.
I had enough ramen to take home, have for lunch the next day, and still ended up trashing some.  
While I appreciate the simplicity of their menu and the minimal choices it would be great if they had a few more veggie and non pork options.
Will definitely go back.
A gem in Manayunk!!! They only serve ramen. It's authentic and delicious!!! Nice staffs. Very clean and artistic place decorated with mangas. I've tried many Japanese restaurants in Philly, and this is one of the best places for ramen!
Went here for a quick lunch.  Narrow spot on Main Street that had a good amount of available seating for a Friday lunch before the holiday.  

The menu is super basic which is a good thing.  It's about 5 ramen bowl choices and a a few different apps.  The price point starts at 11 bucks a bowl.  The Tan Tan ramen was on point.  A milky spicy broth with some diced ground pork I knew it was going to be a hit from others pictures and it was.  

We also got the dumplings which seem to be made fresh daily.  Not fried but boiled.  Worth a visit to check out and might even be back given the lack of diverse cuisine on Main Street.
When I first saw the sign for a ramen place in the yunk, I thought FINALLY!! I don't have to drive to center city or west Philly anymore (or fly to Japan)! However, I must say, this non-Japanese owned ramen joint was disappointing. 

We tried 2 different broths, and both were pretty BLAND and lacked depth. Legit ramen broth should be packed with deep flavors from the hours of boiling. Tonkotsu here tasted like the flavor came from DAIRY instead of the bones, and miso ramen tasted like... miso soup. Also, I'm pretty sure my dumplings were still partially frozen. 

 I still give 4 stars for the ambiance, service, and dear hope that this place stays open long enough to better their recipe and stick around, because honestly right now, the food stinks.
Delicious! Went here to try it out, and we left very full and very happy. The portions are pretty big, so I was happy to enjoy it the next day for lunch. We also got the beef dumpling appetizer, which was very good, and the sauce that comes with it made it perfect. The waiter was very friendly and helpful when we asked him about the menu. It's also BYOB! We will for sure go back to try other items.
Excellent and reasonably priced. Great service also. The food is just as good if not better than Han Dynasty across the street. I wouldn't be surprised if they open up 5 more of these in the next two years. Definitely recommend everyone checking this place out.
This is a really great small eatery for those who love Ramen. The menu is very limited - they only have some appetizers, a couple types of Ramen, and mix-ins for the Ramen. Still, they're great at what they do, and my friend and I both enjoyed our dishes.
So Confusing...But I should have realized this when I went to pay and this restaurant does NOT accept cash. Let me elaborate on my confused comment, I ordered the Tan Tan Ramen Soup, the broth was definitely above average as other yelpers have mentioned (I actually ordered take out and had it at home, some of the broth was left and I was grazing at it with my spoon over 3 hours later....cold, wet broth and it was still very addicting and delicious.

Now for the bad. The pork dumplings were crap. The Ramen noodles were straight up Instant- Ramen. The ingredients they put in the Tan Tan soup are good (ground beef, bok choy, bean sprouts), but just so we are on the same page you are paying in the $12-14 dollar range for ten cent ramen noodles dolled up with broth and a couple ingredients. 

I may be back but just like making a bad decision at the bar before last call I will undoubtedly be regretting it the next morning dishing out that kind of dough on Ramen... smdh.
The only reason I am giving this restaurant 4 stars instead of 5 is because I do think it is a little pricey.  One order of JUST RAMEN from uber eats or grubhub will end up costing you at least 20$ in the end.  Appetizers are overpriced as well, so are the add ons.  1$ for half an egg? Ok. 

That being said- I always order the Katsu ramen and it's always delicious.  I don't think I've ever been disappointed with something I ordered.  The broth is so good I always think about ordering extra just to have it around to sip on.  It's also packaged pretty brilliantly for delivery so you don't end up with a container of soggy noodles.

The restaurant itself is really small, so it can be difficult to sit down inside and eat (which is why I usually order it for delivery or take-out).
Dissapointing. The place looks great but it is such an over priced ramen place that doesn't taste good. The broth tasted like it came from packaged ramen. The pork, doesn't melt in your mouth and tasteless. The egg is not soft boiled and just hard cooked and again bland and over priced. The service is okay. Friendly but didn't refill our water or checked up on us. (We were one of the few customers there). Normally I give a place a second try but not when it comes to ramen. If the broth fails that is over 90% of the whole dish.
Ordered it for delivery through Uber eats, and it was delicious! I'm addicted to their boiled pork dumplings and the pork belly baos. The kagoshima tonkotsu ramen is really creamy and good, too.
The ramen is not bad but they're literally always closed, and on random days too. Not the way to do business.
The service here sucks but the food is okay. The wait time is usually pretty minimal. I've only ordered out because the insides a little uninspired. Overall, fine, but definitely not amazing
The decor is simple but has some well placed details.  As opposed to some other local food spots, there's actually a lot of space between tables making for a comfortable noise level and a good place if you'd like to hold a comfortable conversation.  The ramen was good.  It had a decent amount of flavor and the portions were generous.  We also got some delicious mochi to end our meal.
The small menu allows for the kitchen to focus on perfection, rather than diversification or volume. The triple truffle ramen is incredible. The bowl is served with large slices of mushroom and has the right combination of mushroom and truffle. I suspect the broth is made with a dairy product. So, while this dish is safe for vegetarians, it may not be safe for vegans. The Spicy Katsu flavor is bold and rich. It's served with slices of breaded pork. I'm not generally interested in eating pork, but this is a clear exception. The slices were cooked perfectly and the fried flavor was muted. The Tonkotsu has a more subtle flavor than the Katsu, I suspect that may be due to the lack of spicy paste. The pork slices in this bowl appeared to be seared. Once again, this is an exception to my pork rule. I was skeptical because there was some fat visible on the pork slices, but they served only to enhance the dish further. 

As is customary, each variety of ramen is served with different toppings. However, one standard item is served with all bowls - the ramen egg. @Ramen clearly understands the low and slow process that makes ramen eggs and broth worth paying restaurant prices for. Their eggs are simply incredible. They are perfectly cooked and wonderfully flavored. It does seem like they don't fill the bowls as much as they used to, which is disappointing considering the price. 

The staff is friendly and attentive and the stools are surprisingly comfortable. The interior is decorated with an anime theme, which I know sounds tacky, but is actually done quite tastefully. Clearly, I've been a few times and I intend to return on many more occasions.
This is one of my favorite places to get Japanese ramen in philly. The staff is nice and friendly. The food is great and the service is good. Definitely recommend if you're look for a delicious ramen restaurant!
Fantastic ramen! I had the miso ramen and it was extremely flavorful. We were seated right away. Not a busy place but don't let that fool you on how good their ramen tastes. I'd highly recommend this place to anyone.
Wow. 

This was my first experience with ramen from a ramen shop. I loved it. 

The menu is super simple. You don't get a ton of choices. We order both types of dumplings and the pork katsu ramen. 

It was pure heaven. The broth was delicious and and the soft cooked egg floating in broth soaked up all the surrounding flavors. I liked that the spoon of pepper sauce set off to the side and gave me the option of stirring it in or dipping into it.

The noddles were done perfectly and I wish I had more of them to go in the broth. This was an option that I did not consider ahead of time. The best part of my ramen was the crispy pork that floated on top. After I ate it I wished I had more of this as well. I can't wait to go back and try some different options here.
First time stopping in for lunch. The service was subpar but the ramen was good. The environment was calm and relaxed. Not crowded at all which initially had me second guessing my order. But it was good. Would return but just for take-out.
This place was decent. Ramen is something we've been missing in Manayunk/Roxborough for so long. The broth was very tasty, the noodles were well cooked. The service was good, only one waiter who was really running around helping customers. The restaurant wasn't too busy though, I wonder if they'll have more staff when it's a busy Friday night. 

Maybe I'm off since I haven't eaten at every ramen place out there, but it just seemed a little pricey to me for what I got. I spent slightly over $20 including my 20% tip for an iced tea and TanTan Noodle bowl. No add ons or dumplings. CARD ONLY, NO CASH. They don't accept cash and have no plans on doing so. 
Honestly, I would give them 3.5 starts if I could, but Yelp only lets me do whole stars. I'll probably be back but not as often as I was hoping I would want to.
Sigh. The Triple Truffle ramen has been my saving grace on too many evenings. Around 4pm, when the day is winding down and I just want a warm, comforting, but not too heavy meal, this is what I go for. Love the spicy version, which adds just the right amount of additional seasoning. I usually do pick up bc it's cheaper. Warm the broth in the microwave for a minute or so, add to bowl, and let it sit with the lid on for the flavors to meld. You're welcome.
Hubby and I were walking down Main Street and came across this place. We decided to share a bowl of noodles around 4pm in the afternoon because why not :P :P Noodles were decent, broth was delicious, meat was thin but well cooked, and egg was decent. They added some things to the ramen not entirely typical of the usual ramen, but didn't change anything too much. I would come again if I was in the area and needed a ramen fix, but there are many other better ramen locations in Philadelphia.
I always order the Kagoshima ramen.... usually it is amazing and very flavorful. Today I ordered for take out and was a little let down. There is usually a lot of seasoning in the bottom of the broth container, but this time there was none. The broth was really lacking in flavor.
