I love A La Mousse so Matcha!

For green tea lovers, A La Mousse is a cute cafe with a bounty of decadent Matcha drinks and desserts. I'm sorry that I love Matcha more than the average 14-year old anime fan ... then again, I'm not sorry at all ... because there's never been a case of too much Matcha.

 * Matcha Latte
I don't always drink tea, but when I do, I prefer Matcha Lattes.

 * Matcha Mille Crepes Cake
Game. Set. Matcha!

 * Green Tea-r-amisu and Homemade Ice Cream
I see what you did there ... it's a Matcha made in Heaven (aka Philly).

My Matcha love for A La Mousse had me singing and spinning like Julie Andrews in a mountain field. Ya, Matcha brings all the boys to the yard ... and will bring me back to A La Mousse.
A La Mousse is THE example of "As good as it gets!": unbelievable desserts, a trendy dining area, and friendly attentive service. I am obsessed with Matcha give it to me in a drink, in or on dessert, or traditionally served and life couldn't get more relaxing or exciting. 

When you enter the counter/display are straight in front of you to order or if you are dining-in, the tables are self-seat. There are menus on the table and above the counter. Also, if you more of the visual type the display could also be your menu. My go to is the Matcha mousse cake accompanied with a scoop of green tea ice cream and nice and warm almond milk Matcha latte to wash it all down. When the subject of A La Mousse comes up it seems that people are divided into the Crepe cake or Mousse cake group. If you love silky smooth texture, go with mousse cake or if you like figuring out your favorite way to dissect layers the crepe may be for you. The Matcha cheesecake takes what I love about the mousse cake texture and makes it even denser and smoother. If you are all about visuals you must order the Tea-ra-misu at least once. See the moral of this story is: no matter which Matcha treat you choose here you cannot go wrong. Whenever I drive into Philly this is a must stop for me and even when I am not driving I find a way to get here. Pure Matcha Heaven :)!
A La Mousse is a very cute place to grab dessert, it's a cafe/dessert bar in the heart of Philly Chinatown. The shop is very similar to what we have in NY and the one here was well represented. The decor is modern and a comfortable place to sit, relax and enjoy your dessert. The place is trendy and the atmosphere is nice so it is really popular amongst the college kids, kids love this place since they offer sweets and girls really love this place since it's pretty and they offer stuff with sugar. lol 

The food:

Double Chocolate Cake- I thought this was really good, it was nice and chocolatey but it was shockingly not as sweet as I was expecting. When I first saw it, I automatically assumed it would be really sweet but I am glad it was not. It had a nice balance of chocolate flavor and sweetness, I am a fan. The best way to describe this, it was a chocolate mousse cake and a really good one at that. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=NT54NdFiqUh97wXUEAwxGw&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA

Bubble Milk Foam Black Tea- This was nice and refreshing, the tea had a good black tea flavor and the texture of tapioca was nice. It had the right amount of chew without being too soft. The flavor as a whole was good. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=C-wFhjX0zi4v7lRPXpCvzA&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA

Original Crepe Cake with Whyy Experience Ice cream from Bassetts. I thought the crepe was nice but a tad too soft for me and it was on the eggy side. The Whyy Experience ice cream was good, it was vanilla ice cream with chocolate covered pretzels swirled with butterscotch, it went well with the crepe. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Jf9LiAZIEjDfk43-7ob7qw&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA
You know how sometimes you just NEED dessert? We needed dessert. It was 9pm and not much was open for delivery. We came across A La Mousse and their high ratings, so it wasn't a hard decision to trust them for our evening sweets delivery!

We ordered a few pieces of tort/cake and they were wonderful. I wish I could more eloquently remember what we ordered, I just remember that they were delicious and didn't last long. One was a thick and creamy layered strawberry cake. I really enjoy when desserts are still tasty but not a sugar bomb that give you a headache. I absolutely loved the little chocolate bear cake. He was almost too cute to eat!

The next time we're in Philadelphia and it's not a pandemic, A La Mousse is definitely on my list of places to try in-person. Even through delivery, I get a good vibe about the cuteness of this local business located in Chinatown. It seems like my cup of tea! I love a business that has personality!
This place is cute. I like how you have the option to dine in or take out. If you dine in, you just sit at any table and a lady will come and take your order. They even deliver the dessert to you. If you want to go order, you can order from the cash register and they will call your order and give it to you. The customer service is really friendly and nice. I like how they keep it professional with their uniforms.

For the dessert i would probably say 9/10. It has a wide variety of desserts and drinks to choose from. If you like green tea or matcha this is the place to go! But I'm not a fan of that so it was hard for me to choose from. The desserts are a bit on the smaller side but still pretty good. They have some unique looking desserts too. My friend got one that was lychee with cheesecake. It turned out pretty good. The drinks were not bad either. I got the passion strawberry lemonade green tea. That one tasted okay to me only because I didn't like the strong taste of the tea part. My friend also got the tangerine dessert and they make it look so real but you were able to cut into it like cake in which I was pretty impressed.

The place is small but they offer a lot of seating. I came here on a Saturday so it was pretty packed. Luckily a group before us at the table left so we were able to sit down. The prices for the dessert is pretty expensive for just a small amount. But overall the place itself is not too bad.
tl;dr in a neighborhood defined to interesting and exciting desserts, this green tea haven remains a step above the competition

Like most of the other Chinatown restaurants, A La Mousse has a colorful neon sign, beckoning you into its brightly lit interior. The aesthetic aims for a cross between industrial and zen garden, accented with wooden walls and metal chairs. Several bar tops and tables for two line the walls of the restaurant, while a camp-like bench sits in the middle for a larger party. The glass display at the back gives you a live glimpse of the various desserts. Grab a table and a server will greet you shortly. Plan your visit to avoid the after-dinner crowd on the weekends. Service is friendly and efficient, but it takes plenty of time to peruse the thick menu containing everything from matcha cakes to bubble tea.

My partner and I decided to split the Green Tea-ra-misu and the Mango Mousse Cake. Within 10 minutes, our server brought out our dishes. Immediately, we were floored by the presentation. The tiramisu was a vibrant green, served within a sake masu. Meanwhile, the mousse cake had a smooth orange shell, crafted in the shape of a mongo and complete a faux leaf.

Too often, the desserts in Chinatown look gorgeous but end up tasting little more than straight sugar. On the other hand,  these desserts lived up to the visual hype. Unlike a traditional tiramisu, the tea-ra-misu had a creaminess more equivalent to a mousse. True to the Italian classic, the tea-ra-misu was not too sweet as to dilute the matcha flavor. The green tea whipped cream and cookie sticks topped off an already solid dessert. For our other dish, cracking open the mango shell revealed the mousse within. It too was light and creamy, not overpoweringly sugary but unmistakably mango. Both dishes were served with a scoop of Chocolate Salted Pretzel ice cream, atop a mound of crushed pretzel, which was as good as any ice creamery in Chinatown.

A La Mousse, while a little on the pricy side (almost cracking $10 per dessert), takes to effort to ensure that their dishes taste just as delicious as they look. The cafe has numerous other exciting items on its menu, so I can't wait until I'm in the area again to try some more.
When I'm in Chinatown and in dire need of a caffeine fix for over a decade the winning and right answer has always been going to Ray's (https://www.yelp.com/biz/rays-caf%C3%A9-and-teahouse-philadelphia-2). But whenever I had that same fix and Ray's was closed, the answer almost always seemed to be giving into convenient store coffee and remorsefully lamenting in the key of Lemonheads (https://youtu.be/hFYFj5q8_Qk).

But the beautiful thing about going on food adventures with fellow Yelpers is that whenever life presents you with one of those problems, another member of your group always seems to have that perfect solution! Such an occasion arose when my suggestion for the pure coffee nirvana of Ray's led us to closed doors, and Kana led us to A La Mousse and some of the best coffee and dessert options that I've ever seen on one single menu!

When a stacked coffeehouse menu gives you matcha, milkfoam, and MILKSHAKES on top of the usual coffee and tea offerings you'd expect, you know that ordering the right beverage for the occasion may prove quite difficult. But since my brain was in need of a sweet awakening going with caramel espresso macchiato seemed like a no brainer. And from bitter of the espresso to the sweetness of the caramel, and the foam leaf on top, it was sheer perfection to the last drop!

As you've might have gathered from my Sugar Rush list, dessert is one of those things I prefer to avoid, but oftentimes can't resist. But when you see as many sweet sweet delicious cakes A La Mousse has gazing at you, they definitely get pretty damn hard to resist! Especially when you see one of your all time favorites cheesecake presented in baked matcha form, and served a la mode with a Guatemalan Ripple Ice Cream! the tempting picture of the green beauty I took does how delicious it truly was little justice. And it definitely has me craving more just thinking about it!
Visit: Sunday April 2, 2017

Incredible place to get just a piece of cake, pie or pudding. Or take a variety of items home. 
Everything is so beautiful inside of the display cases that I remarked to our group that was on a culinary tour of the new Chinatown , that for the next birthday instead of a bakery cake I'm going to come here and get a variety of items and serve them buffet style for the birthday celebration. 
Besides the six of us who split slices of mango and matcha mousse cake as well as a green tea-i-misu cake we noticed people just popped in for a piece of dessert and a cup of tea or coffee. 

My friend had told me that the owner, a Chinatown business person had hired a French pastry chef. Chef does a fine job on interpreting all of the normal staples but I particularly enjoyed his interpretations of Asian desserts. 
Bringing the point home even more, I heard a French accent while I was in line and I turned to talk to the gentleman. We talked for a few minutes and he remarked on how beautiful everything looked in the case. He also told me he had tried 2 desserts and I have to tell you this Frenchman was really really impressed.

 I was lucky enough to meet the owner Jack who thanked us for coming in that day. No, Thank You Jack for giving us something totally new to do in Chinatown
How adorable! This is a small cafe/dessert spot in Chinatown. Wasn't expecting to eat-in but they were so welcoming I almost felt it would be insulting not to stay. I went on a Wednesday night 12/2016 and it was cold outside and this place was pack. My doll face and I shared a Triple Chocolate Moose which was Dark, Milk and White with a side of Mango ice cream and also a pomegranate strawberry lemonade tea. Now while I really enjoyed the Moose and Tea..I could take a pint of that Mango ice cream :)

Can't wait to try some other desserts!
I was so excited to stumble across this new bakery, conveniently located right around the corner from my three Chinatown favorites (Sakura, Nan Zhou, and Dim Sum Garden). Now this block practically has everything that I need! 

They specialize in a variety of mousses and they have numerous Matcha-flavored items, including mousse, tiramisu, and even brownies! They also offer panna cotta, fruit tarts, ice cream, and Illy coffee. Everything is made in-house and looks beautiful. I tried the green tea-ramisu, matcha mousse cake, and the harvest, which looks like a potted plant, even though it's really potted deliciousness. All were fresh, delicious, nicely textured, and not too sweet. They definitely know how to bake. 

The interior is modern and there is plenty of seating room. You can either eat in or take out (note that there is a price difference). The staff is so friendly and kind, and they are open late enough so you can grab dessert there after a having meal elsewhere. Apparently, their selections vary from week to week, so you can bet I will definitely have to be back to try more items.
This place was awesome, definitely come here for a decadent treat.  I am not a huge desert person but even so there was more than one menu item I wouldn't have minded trying.  I went with the tangerine cheesecake because my first choice (blood-orange something or other) was sold out.  The cheesecake was served in a white chocolate shell formed to look like a tangerine and was rich and delicious to the last bite.  The mango ice cream on the side was on top of a bed of chocolate cookie crumbles that provided nice flavor and texture contrast to the cheesecake.  I'm not sure what the brown and green cookie crumbles were supposed to represent, but they too were also delicious and added texture.  The mango sauce drizzled on the plate was nectar of the gods.  Service was also very attentive and friendly to the group I dined with.  Philly is one of my favorite food cities and I only get a chance to visit once a year, so when I say I will be back on my next trip to Philly that is no small compliment.
European inspired desserts with a taste of Asia infused? Late night coffee and latte with good company? FINALLY! I don't need to walk to Center City for some good desserts! This is a perfect addition to Chinatown- time to venture out of the plethora of bubble tea places! 

There's FINALLY WI-FI! Better study spot now 

MUST HAVE: 
- Lychee Panna Cotta (my favorite; I can eat this all day if it didn't jeopardize my wallet!) A bit disappointed my second time around though. It was mushy and lost the firm texture. 
- Mille matcha crepe 
- MILK FOAM TEA! (Rose, Black, and Green) 

Good, worth a shot: 
- Green Tea-r-amisu 
- Tofu Cheesecake (light fluffy texture, not bad but can't taste the tofu)

Say no:
Tried green tea latte,  but not a fan. Watery. Bland. Expensive.

Not bad so far. A La Mousse is certainly on my radar but they haven't been consistent. I look forward to trying more products overtime as they improve their sweets and coffee- there's great potential (3.5)!a
I think it's the only place I know locally that I can get Mille crêpes...and green tea is my favorite flavor!
My favorite Mille crepes is still Lady M in NYC.
The cake they have is denser and lady M's is softer and creamier. Both has a rich flavor of Matcha,but hey! in here you also get a scoop of the green tea ice-cream!
I put the ice-cream in the ice coffee I ordered,it tasted amazing!
The price was a bit higher than lady M before tax, but I think It does worth it.
I also want to try the tangerine cheesecake,it looks like a little tangerine, very adorable!However I was full after dinner and the matcha cake, so next time!
I am flabbergasted that I have gone almost a year living in Philly without trying A La Mousse. It's been on my "to try" list for months; I trot past the cakery on a weekly basis and I finally tried it this past weekend.

There is limited seating, but I was able to snag a table (they are kept really clean and with menus propped up on each table). I ordered the Green Tea Mousse Cake a la mode with a scoop of green tea ice cream. I also ordered a milk cream topped green tea. Both were phenomenal! I'm the biggest matcha lover; the ice cream was creamy and the cake was fluffy and spongy.

The iced green tea almost brought tears to my eyes, simply because I deeply regretted NOT HAVING DISCOVERED IT UNTIL JUST NOW!! It is on par with my favorite boba shops back in the 626, which is an extremely high standard to meet. The waitress accommodated my drink customization (less sweet, no ice) and the tea was refreshing, flavorful, and AUTHENTIC (not made with artificial ingredients or weird flavoring)!

A La Mousse definitely joins the ranks as one of my favorite dessert places in Philadelphia!
If you're a fan of beautiful desserts and Matcha beverages, then you're in the right spot. A La Mousse sells one of my favorites: crepe cake. 
Twenty layers of crepe cake exists, and it's Spectacular. I mean try these fresh daily hand-made layers of luscious and creamy crepes, and try not to fall in love. 
Who doesn't love a vanilla layered cake, or even better, a matcha crepe cake, a layered green tea-flavored crepe cake, filled with pastry cream, and served with a side of Bassetts ice cream? It's a simple treat that feels luxurious. 
All desserts, are available on the full colour menus, - filled with matcha or chocolate, green tea or coffee, milkfoam and milkshakes - something is bound to catch your eye. 
Believe the hype!

Five Yelp.
If there is a 10 stars rating, I would give that! 5 stars aren't enough. Let me tell you why this is the best of the best bakery!
This is an extraordinary bakery that specializes in beautiful and very tasty cakes that are not common in other bakeries. One look and one bite, you are sold! The owner Wei Ling Chen @La Mousse is an amazing woman who went out of her way to provide the product and service. Let me tell you about her extraordinary service. She truly an extraordinary person who went beyond her call of duty since she has to stay behind the counter to conduct the business. She was supposed to deliver the birthday cake for my 90 years old father and the Uber driver was supposed to come to pick up the cake at 12:30 pm but the uber driver didn't show up. So Wei Ling Chen took the time off to drive up to my parents' apartment and went up and she texted me to let me know she is at their door.    I was floored! I told my parents during the zoom party in progress that there is someone at the door. She gave the cake to my parents and then lean over to see me on zoom while she was wearing a mask of course. I took a picture of them!  She truly blew me away with her customer service.  The cake? It's a double chocolate mousse and my parents told me it's so good and that would outdo most bakeries. 
She has two locations at
1622 South St, Phila PA 19146
920 Montgomery Ave Narberth PA 19072.
FYI: Do yourself a favor and get a milk foam. It sounds weird but it's one of the best drinks I've ever gotten at an Asian dessert cafe.

WHAT I GOT: Mango mousse cake and rose black tea milk foam

PROS: The portion size for these desserts are pretty nice. Portable and satisfying for either yourself or 2-3 people. The presentation is also adorable. Really clean and modern. All the cakes I've had from them have a pretty strong taste and are super flavorful. The mango one I had recently had a great texture and very prominent mango flavor. And the milk foam drink was EXCELLENT. One of the best examples of a "best of both worlds" combo with the strong tea base and the creamy, sweet top. 

CONS: Their service is kind of on the slow side. We waited a good 20 minutes with our check and no one came to get it so we took it up ourselves. I recommend getting their desserts/drinks to go.
My second time in this cute little dessert place! 

Where to start? Lots of seating, always clean and welcoming atmosphere. The staff is super nice and attentive. 
 
Lots of desserts with green tea so if that's something you fancy you MUST come here. I had their green tea waffle in the past (have not seen it on the menu recently) and it was delicious. 
This time I opted for their green tea and chocolate mocha macarons and not only they were so pretty to look at, they were delicious as well. 
My friend got the white chocolate and milk chocolate mousse cake with mango ice cream and it was so good! 
If I lived closer this would be my go to place for tea time or dessert without a doubt. 
In the mean time I cannot wait to return to try something new next time I happen to be in chinatown.
Let me start by saying I don't usually do desserts.  I mean I like sweets, but don't go nuts over cakes.  A La Mousse's Mango Mousse Cake has me re-thinking my entire post-dinner approach!

Jared & I had some time to kill after a quick dinner and decided to treat ourselves.  It was probably an odd place to end up on a sort of "man date", but I wanted to scout it out ahead of any potential real dates =P

After reading the reviews, I was not expecting much in the way of service.  It was also a Saturday evening around the dinner rush.  However, it seemed like A La Mousse got the message, as we both felt service was on point.  We ate in, so were seated and had our orders taken at the table.  Not a long wait at all.

The choices... there are plenty.  After eyeing up the lychee panna cotta, I ended up going to the Mango cake.  It was paired with WHYY experiment ice cream (if I'm remembering the name correctly).  Great match.  The cake was light and full of flavor.  It had tons of real mango layered in as well.  The ice cream was vanilla with chucks of chocolate covered pretzels! Awesomely delish!

I'll be back - alone or to end a good date.  I'll probably go with the lychee next time, but know the mango is a solid choice if not!
We stopped by A La Mousse for some post lunch desserts and had a couple of cakes to share. The first one was a durian mousse cake, which was a chiffon cake that was light and delicious. The other cake was one that was shaped like a lil pig and was almost too cute to eat. As I broke off a piece of the cake and tried it, I realized the inside of the cake is made with layers of strawberry filling, which tasted fine, but the snout, tail and ears of the pig tasted kinda funky. Overall I did enjoy my experience at A La Mousse. They offer a whole lot of cakes, ice cream and delicious beverages for all your dessert preferences/fantasies. It also looks like they do switch up the menu now and then with seasonal items for variety which is very cool. We will definitely be making more dessert trips to A La Mousse in the future!
Clean almost modern asian environment. Ordered the sizzling matcha brownie with green tea ice cream. So different and interesting you have to try! 

Its not your typical rich and thick brownie. Tasted almost like cake. A little pricey for their desserts, but would come back for the right occasion or just to try unique desserts with a nice environment.
I'm glad I don't live in Philly, because if I did, I'd be here all the time. The desserts are so beautifully presented and so delicious. 5-star quality! I love matcha. They have all sorts of matcha desserts and drinks. I went with the tea-ramisu, which was matcha tiramisu with vanilla and pretzel ice cream. Creamy, but not overly rich. Loved it! I also tried the matcha latte. It was a little on the light side, but I enjoyed it. Next time, I want to try their Mille Crepe Cake.

Service was great. Cute set-up. Limited seating. No wall plugs. Bathroom is pretty small. It's right in Chinatown so don't forget to drop in for dessert after eating all of the yummy food!
This is my favorite dessert place in Philly! It has a wide array of Asian desserts that have the cutest presentation. I've tried nearly every dessert item on the menu and highly recommend the lychee panna cotta and green tearamisu. The lychee panna cotta comes with a scoop of raspberry ice cream on the side that is absolutely delicious. The harvest looks like a potted plant and tastes so good with the Oreo crumbs. It's basically the same as the harvest dessert on the menu of Spot dessert bar in NYC (another favorite of mine). My boyfriend loves the Japanese fruit crepe cake, it's light and super pleasant, but does often run out. 
You can either order desserts to go or be seated for table service. They bring you nice tall glasses of water to balance out the sweetness. Credit card minimum is $10 but I think I've gotten away with it once or twice. This place is pretty packed on the weekend in the evenings but we're usually able to get a table quickly.
This shop serves up some really crazy looking desserts and they taste amazing. I have to say though, there's a lot of similarities with Spot Dessert Bar...hmm...

My gf and I came here for dessert after dinner in Chinatown. We elected to have table service rather than ordering from the counter. Our server was very helpful in making recommendations, giving us descriptions of items we were curious about, and answering any other questions we had. She was very patient with us despite the place being jam packed and busy as you can possibly imagine.

My gf got the Sizzling Ice Cream with the choice of mango ice cream. The presentation was the highlight as they pour hot liquid matcha on top of the dessert. You get to choose the ice cream flavor (we chose mango) which was served on top of a matcha brownie on a sizzling pan. Yes, those are Rice Krispies if you are looking at the photo attached to this review. I got the Hazelnut Mousse Cake. The presentation was very pretty and definitely Instagram worthy. The cake itself was very rich in flavor and the ice cream served with it was as good as you can imagine when eaten with the cake.
Great little cafe in Chinatown. Thank god I don't live to close to this place, or my waistline would definitely be feeling it. I could have almost any dessert out of here 
Fortunately I was able to control myself and ordered only one, yes one, triple mousse cake. It was light, fluffy, chocolately goodness that I couldn't believe came out of Chinatown. I'm so mad I didn't order more stuff. I seriously can't wait to try everything else they have.
What a charming little place, this cute little dessert place is! You should definitely check out Chinatown's newest little sweet spot. It's got a cozy wood theme going on inside, and the nicest barista to take your order. There is a lot to like here, with its many unique desserts and drinks.

After finding this place here on Yelp, I came for the Green Tea Mille Crepe--a 20-layer delicacy of which I'd never seen before. And let me tell you folks, it's as good as it looks! Your fork will cut through it like butter, and the firm, yet creamy, texture literally melts in your mouth with a nice Asian tea flavor. As I did, it's best to compliment it with the green tea ice cream & graham cracker crumbs for the full effect. It's not cheap, at $8.95, but it's definitely a treat!

I look forward to come back here many more times in the future, to try some of their other delicacies--such as their namesake mousee. And so should you!
One of the hidden gems in Philadelphia. 

This place is so cute, offering seating inside and outside of the restaurant. Since my niece loves desserts, we had to check out this bakery. They specialize in desserts and drinks. You can dine in or takeout. 

We opted for dine in and it was the quite a pleasant surprise. Their plating techniques are very esthetically pleasing to the eye and inviting. We tried 3 desserts, lychee panna  cotta, flourless chocolate cake and coffee cake. Lychee panna cotta was amazing and def the crowd fave.  My niece loved her flourless chocolate cake, it's quite rich. Sadly my pick, coffee cake was ok. I didn't taste any coffee. 

Overall, our dessert tour was great. I'll surely be back for more.
This place is soooo worth it! Especially if you love matcha or the taste of green tea. 

We came on a late night and it was still packed. I can see there being a long wait but we were lucky and got seats. Service was also very quick. Unfortunately they had run out of the matcha layer crepe cake already, though, vanilla was really good.

I got a coconut matcha latte and it was great. The matcha wasn't overpowering, nor was the coconut, and it wasn't too sweet (if you're looking for a Starbucks Frappuccino level sweetness, this might not work for you). The crepe layer cake though!!! I've never had anything like it. Again, it wasn't too sweet but it was deliciously moist with the texture you'd expect-- each bite consists of very thin layers of crepe separated by light creamy goodness between. 

Definitely coming back...even though I live in the DC area!
A La Mousse is a beautiful little shop with incredibly delicate looking desserts that are more pleasing to the eye than the palate. I came here to buy my wife a set of delicious mini-cakes as part of her birthday surprise. I will admit that I was immediately blown away from the artistry, especially with a heavy dose of Asian-infusion. See the lantern-inspired cake. I tried a series of cakes, and while they all tasted...fine, all the flavors just blended together, but none felt unique. We tried the tangerine, the hazelnut cheesecake, sweetheart, mango mousse. Of them all, what caught my attention was the harvest (the one that looks like a potted plant) and I am, to this date, regretful of that decision, just because it looked so cute!

Anyway, I definitely got the wow-factor in getting these cakes, but with a bill of $50, I don't know if this is a sustainable shop to return to for any occasion.
I have been to a la mouse multiple times now, and I never leave disappointed. The chocolate & vanilla  or green tea mousse cakes are great options to get. Their cream layers are rich and smooth with great taste. 

The reasons why this place doesn't get five stars are because of the wait times and the sense that the cakes are pre-made. Every time I place an order for birthday cakes (4-5 times now) they are never ready when I arrive. The staff are courteous enough to ask me when they can expect me to pick-up the order, but why ask if the cake won't be ready then? I'll call a week ahead to place the order and tell them when I'll arrive, but they'll still make me wait 30 minutes to actually get the cake. I would like to better understand why the cake isn't available at the time that it is suppose to be. I thought placing an order ahead of time was meant to prevent this. It seems they spend that 30 minutes decorating the cake. Why can't this be done before I arrive? I can understand that they want to make sure the cake actually gets picked up, but they can easily prevent this by asking for a deposit. Don't get me wrong, the cake is worth it, but people are on time crunches -- esp on the day of the event the cake is meant for.
Let me start off with HOW HAVE I NOT KNOWN ABOUT THIS PLACE MY WHOLE LIFE! Holy moly! SO. FREAKING. COOL. 

My friends love hanging out and eating in Chinatown, and not that I'm never down to join, I'm just never available when they decide to go. Anyways, we started off the night with dumplings, but I was told (multiple times) that "dessert was not an option, we're getting dessert whether you have room or not, so make sure you have room, otherwise you'll be really disappointed." So thankfully I listened and ate a bit for dinner and saved room for the awesomness that is A La Mousse dessert. 

The actual store is small and cozy, but the staff run around like busy bees with a mission to make your day more enjoyable. Their menus aren't super extensive, but feature lots of pictures, which is wonderful because I don't think I'd have been able to pick something with just descriptions alone. The staff let us know up front that all desserts take about 20 minutes to make, which I mean, is kinda long, but you can't rush greatness. 

I ended up deciding to get the Tangerine Cheesecake which looks as exotic and exciting as it sounds. On the menu it was described as a "delicacy tangerine flavor cheesecake, layered with blood orange cream and tangerine jelly, served with mango ice cream," and that sounds fancy and all, but the picture of the dessert really sold it for me. The cheesecake comes out literally looking like a tangerine (or an orange as, the uncultured turd that I am, thought it was) and you can crack it to reveal the decadent dessert below. The dessert tasted as good as it looked and only cost $8.95--the fanciest dessert I've ever had that checked off both flavor AND presentation for under $10.00, I WAS SHOOK. 

I have since gone on to tell everyone in my office about this place, and figured, well, I might as well write up my review on here, seeing as people who come to Yelp are actually there for the reviews, versus the poor innocents in my office who are subjected to my food suggestions only as long as they indulge me until they "have to get on this call, talk to you later, byeeee." So, long story short, hit up A La Mousse and you'll be impressed, very impressed.
This is such a cute little dessert place in Chinatown. 
This place is known for lower sugar choices. It's a matcha heaven. 
I ordered the matcha latte and it was perfect. 
The lychee panna cotta was also delicious. The perfect balance between sweet and tart.
What do you get after a hearty meal in Chinatown? MATCHA DESSERTS!

Whether you order to go or dine-in, A La Mousse offers up some great matcha desserts for your sweet tooth. They have an array of sweets from cheesecakes to parfaits, with hot/iced beverages to quench your thirst afterwards.

The cafe ambiance inside was fantastic. A couple of tables that seat four with a majority of high tables close to the windows really light up the area. I especially admired the giant wooden wall clock they had- my friend told me I should DIY one at home for myself. However, it's an overall small cafe so you may have trouble finding a seat.

My friend and I split the Matcha Cheesecake ($7.95) paired with ice cream. This was exactly what we wanted with its creamy texture and lovely presentation. Our White Mocha Matcha Lattes ($4.25) tasted as you would expect with the green tea flavor. However, it came out rather lukewarm for the both of us when we expected them to be piping hot.

I enjoyed our stay and only wished our matcha lattes were hotter. I wasn't too upset because the cheesecake made it all worthwhile. Next time I'm in town, I'll be sure to drop by again.
Not too sweet desserts with a variety of teas, yes please! This place isn't cheap, but you get what you pay for. 

Last night I had the matcha tiramisu with ice cream. It comes with a caramel and chocolate pretzel ice cream, but you can substitute that for any ice cream including raspberry, matcha, pistachio, and chocolate. I got the matcha because you can never have to much matcha! 

The tiramisu was basically a green tea cake roll with layers of green tea mascarpone presented in a cute little wooden box that appears to be made for sake. The ice cream comes on the side of the wooden tray it is placed upon. The smooth creamy texture of the tiramisu was great and there was the perfect hint of sweetness and matcha. The matcha ice cream was good for the US, but you're just not going to get that bitter punch of matcha flavor like you will in Japan. 

My husband had the sizzling green tea brownie. Not really my thing, but the presentation of it in a sizzling skillet when they poured the creme over it was pretty cool. 

I was greedy and also ordered a salted cream top matcha drink with less sweetener and added bubbles. The tea was perfect and not sweet at all but the bubbles were a little underdone. It's not a bubble tea place, so I'll just skip the bubbles next time. 

They do have table service and the price with two desserts and drinks was almost $30. Service was friendly, but there was only one person working, so it can be a bit slow if it's busy. They also have desserts to go minus the ice cream if you are in a hurry. I can't wait to try out the crepe cake next time!
The only reason why it has a 3-star is because it is probably the only strictly desserts place in Philly. I went in three times, and had 3 different experiences. Overall, their lychee panna cotta is probably the best (I only had once so I might be wrong). The first time I had their sizzling brownie I thought it tasted ok. But just recently had it again...like it didnt even meet the standard brownies expectation. I can just go to 711 and get a conventional one. It was so dry. You know that taste when your brownie isnt moist enough. Their lychee and mango mousse was even worse. It tasted really artificial, plus the cake was dry too, there wasnt a harmony between the mousse cream and the cake. If A La Mousse wants to stay competitive if Philly in anytime soon happens to have another dessert place, time to check up that kitchen's consistency.
I went here once a few months ago when they first opened. I didn't review it because I mainly had a take out matcha cake. It was ok, nothing special--i felt it was a little pricey when i got home. I just went for valentines day and ordered 4 things, but they brought us 5 things. 

-sizzling matcha ice cream
-coconut panacotta
-tofu cheesecake
-the harvest

-matcha cake (this is the extra one we didn't order but ate anyway). 

All the desserts were fine, but none really stuck out to be spectacular. The sizzling ice cream had good table side display. The hot cold dessert was different but the flavors were flat to me. The matcha cake again was ok. The matcha ice cream was good though, strong green tea flavor. The tofu cheesecake was good. It wasn't dense like a regular cheesecake. The coconut panacotta was ok. The harvest was intriguing not only because of the presentation (it looks like a little potted plant--cute!), but because the dessert itself was different compared to the rest. We had the dine in version, which is "larger" and is served with ice cream. I wish it had more berries in it, since they were all the way at the bottom... each spoonful with fruit would've been good. The strawberry/chocolate ice cream it was served with didn't really compliment the dessert in my opinion. 

I didn't see the total bill since i didn't pay, but i assume it was pricey. 

Minus 1 star for the service. The first time i came in, i felt like they were just relaxing and not really catering to me as a take out customer (the store had 1 table with guests that was already served). I didn't really look at the menu that much so i was "ready to order" right away. But it still took so long for me to even place my order, despite 2 people behind the counter. 

For valentines day. I will admit it was a full house, but most guests were served. I had a large group so we had to wait for a table, no big deal--we sat at the bar area (which we anticipated eating at anyway). They kept insisting that a waiter would come. 2 groups behind me had a server before my group, and one of them had finished their entire dessert before we got ours..awkward. For the price, i'd probably get crepes, but this is another good option.
Perfect quick stop for dessert! This dessert bar is known for its matcha theme, but even if you're someone who doesn't like matcha you'll find something for yourself. I purchased The Harvest, which is a dessert that looks like a pot of dirt. The desserts are super creative and definitely instagram worthy!
A La Mousse selection of cakes is probably the cutest in Chinatown. From Tiramisu plant to piggie and duckie cakes, just by looking at the cakes, you will be tempted of trying out every single one of them. Actually I did just that! I purchase every single one that I think is cute. 

I walked in around 11pm at night after having dinner with my family. I've ordered A La Mousse on Ubereats before but never visit the actual store. I was thinking might as well stop by. They closed at 12am, that's a plus for those who works all day and get off later in the PM. Also service are pretty friendly. 

Appearance wise definitely 5 stars. Unfortunate taste wise 1 star. Everything is pretty meh. Out of everything I've try so far, pineapple macarons and fresh strawberry cream cake is probably the best at A La Mousse.
A La Mousse is a very cute dessert and tea cafe in Chinatown. 

You have the option of eating in or take-out but they're known to charge two different prices for the same food based on eat in or take out. This is the first I've seen a restaurant do this and they do not warn you ahead of time.

They try to use fresh and natural ingredients and you can really tase it. The food all looks beautiful and makes a great dessert to bring over to a friend's house. They make quite the impression. 

The service here is very slow. We waited for a really long time for 2 teas. And when I finally got mine, I had the wrong drink (I ordered a peach mango tea and had something that only tasted like jasmine and honey). Since my order was to go and I was already in my car when I tried it, I don't know if they would have done anything to rectify the issue.  

They do require masks and have outdoor and indoor seating options during COVID.
I have been ordering by using Uber Eats to take advantage of free delivery from sharing it with nearby orders. This time besides the bear dessert, I tried Matcha Chocolate Terrine. When I slice it, the sweet matcha filling flowed out from the center just like a lava cake. It's so good, there's no bitter taste of matcha, instead I find I quiet sweet that makes you want more. Highly recommended.
I ordered a 8 inch birthday cake for my boyfriend, the flavor was double chocolate, the outside presentation of the cake was so beautiful and flawless. It was on the pricy side, almost $50 for the cake, but it's worth it because it's so delicious!
I actually just stopped in for an iced coffee to go, but when I walked in and saw all the delicious looking desserts, I couldn't help myself. I like matcha so the lady recommended the Matcha Mille Crepes with a scoop of matcha ice cream. The crepes weren't overly sweet... actually a bit more bitter than I had hoped, but the ice cream helped balance the the bitterness out. The scoop of ice cream was served on a small bed of crushed Graham cracker and the crepe had pretty little floral petals on it. I loved those little details in presentation!
I had the lava cake which is excellent. It takes 25 minutes to make but really worth it. The chocolate flows as soon as you cut it wit mini syringe with matcha cream. It comes with matcha ice cream. Perfect combination. Definitely get this at this place. The fruit crepes is ok not flavorful. Nothing compares to Lady M in NYC. The tangerine cheesecake is really cute but mostly contains mousse instead of cheesecake, a little bit disappointed.
A La Mousse is an adorable dessert shop featuring classic french desserts with a twist.  The desserts are beautifully displayed in the case by the register.

We opted to try two different desserts.  The Matcha Double Cheesecake was so light and fluffy. It was more consistent with a mousse than a classic cheesecake but still had the cream cheese flavor. We also ordered the Green Tea-Ra-Masu.  It was also light and fluffy but decadent. It was beautifully presented in a box but the box did make it difficult to get the dessert out.  The ice-cream that came with it paired nicely. 

I read on the menu that its reduced sugar and I love that idea. I find that some pastry shops make their desserts way too sweet.  I also tend to use less sugar than most recipes call for so I think the desserts here are perfectly sweet. They also have great late night hours. I cannot wait to go back!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!
The service was great as well as the decoration! 
The dessert was amazing! Green tea Tiramisu will be my favorite forever!!!!!
I love the milk foam there also the lemonade. So, if you are crazy about lemonade, ask the server to order lemonade mint tea with milk foam! It's their secret menu.
Love it here. Stopped in yesterday for the first time ever and couldn't believe I never did before. The staff was so welcoming even though it was 30 mins before closing (closes at 11pm!). The cakes are on the steep side about $6.95 per slice but it's so worth it! Cute and adorable cakes as well as tasty. 

Earl Grey - delicious. I don't like earl grey in tea form itself but this cake was so good. Tasted like a subtle version of a cup of earl grey tea with a splash of cream. 

Raspberry - I believe this was shape into a pig, so cute, but it wasn't tart at all like most cakes made with fruit flavor. This was a good cake and good for those who likes the flavors of berries that isn't overpowering. Perfect combination 

Durian - i loveeeee durian and this was so perfect. Nice and creamy texture and the flavor was not like that of a durian shake where it's a bit overpowering. this cake was the perfect blend of cream to durian fruit. Overall best place for dessert date !
This is a rather new, cute, trendy dessert spot to sit and do work if anyone wanted to, service is also nice and quick. The reason for my rating is because I found the price to be too high given the the quality. I thought that the desserts were light and great, but were small and tasted subpar. I have had the mille green tea cake, the harvest, and the matcha moose cake. Out of those experiences, the highlight was always getting the WHYY ice cream which matched he flavored of the desserts very well. Another favorite of mine is the matcha mana cotta, which was very light and sweet - it fit my personal tastes very much! 

Overall, I'm sure this location will improve with time & the items are worth trying.
The young cashier working at around 9 pm (June 30) was SO sweet. So kind and did not let the pressure of having a flood of customers come in affect her. Also, I overheard her saying she noticed one of her drinks was icy and so she offered the customer a new one for free without the customer even asking for it! What employee recognizes her own mistake before the customer even mentions it? Give her a gold medal for service. I wish she had a name tag so I can call her out for her service but she was kinda short with a slight accent.

Anyways, we got the green tea-R-misu. The tiramisu comes in a small box and tasted pretty fine. The actual matcha was the light kind that didn't have the heavy bitterness that some matcha does. The ice cream that came with it (not green tea btw) was actually pretty good...though it made me think of child-like store bought ice cream in terms of its flavors, which can be a bad thing but I thought the salty sweet mix of it paired with the tiramisu decently well...ok I'm lying, there's almost no relation between the two components. It's almost as if you're ordering two different desserts.

The price was fair enough if you're looking for a good post-dinner dessert place.

9/10, would definitely come again and recommend to a friend.
Chinatown is changing. There is a younger, hipper crowd and the new Chinatown reflects that. The new Chinatown doesn't look like the old Chinatown, gone are the red and gold, lacquer ornate chairs and giant fish tanks. In are new spaces with slick and almost lounge type design using modern tiles, natural wood and contemporary lighting. I have nothing against the old Chinatown and there will always be a place in my heart for Rangoon, etc, but the scene is changing. A La Mousse is part of this new direction in Chinatown.

We popped in after dinner on a beautiful Friday night in May. There is a counter for take out but there is seating for dine in customers and a wait service.  The space is not large, it probably holds about 20 customers. It is very urban modern and clean. Our server was very pleasant and gave us explanations of options on the menu.

We ordered the green tea crepe cake with green tea ice cream. There were several layers of crepes with a green tea mousse in between layers. The consistency and flavors were really good and it wasn't overly sweet. The green tea ice cream was a nice touch. This was an excellent and unique dessert. We had another crepe type desert that was really good also. That took about 10 minutes to make. I can't recall the name of this but I took a photo. We ordered coffee and that was also well above average.

A La Mousse also has bubble teas and some other drinks they serve in mason jars.  They looked very interesting. I would  go back to A La Mousse and I will go back to try some other options on the menu.

4 Yelp stars!!!!
A MATCHA MADE IN HEAVEN

This specialty matcha cafe is a dream for a matcha lover like myself. There are many types of cakes and drinks to choose from. The cafe is small, so there is limited amount of seating. It seems like people who do opt to dine in tend to stay for a while and since parking is expensive in Chinatown, many customers do take out. If there is available seating, it seems like the perfect place to come after dinner with friends. I watched so many Instagram stories of people's desserts. 

My favorite is Matcha Mousse Cake. It is so decadent. I was told that the Mille Crepe Cake was quite popular, but to me it was a bit plain and a little bitter. The matcha ice cream was amazing as well. The flavor was rich, but not overwhelming. The crumble they use to decorate the plate with is crazy delicious.  

I think this place is distinctive, however, I don't think this place would be a regular spot. It's just like must-visit novelty spot for a Philadelphia tourist.
La Mousse is the new dessert spot in Chinatown, utilizing the building that used to house Audubon. On the outside, it doesn't look like much, but once you walk in the modern simplicity of the restaurant welcomes you. There's seating everywhere with wooden tables. 

Upon entrance, the workers greet you and when you walk up to the counter they tell you to seat yourself and bring you a menu explaining everything. Service is quick and friendly. 

We ordered the 
- mango cheesecake, which was moist, fluffy, sweet, and complete perfection! My favorite dessert! 
- green tea tiramisu, which was light with a moderate green tea flavor so it wasn't overwhelming. 
- lychee terra cotta, which was cold, light, and had the consistency of flan. The lychee flavor was pretty good and it was so smooth. It paired well with the ice cream that was included.
- green tea sizzling ice cream. It had a cake that was the foundation, which reminded me of corn bread with a scoop of green tea ice cream. And surrounding the cake was sizzling green tea w/milk or cream that was poured into the hot skillet at the table. The sizzling presentation lasts only a few minutes while the skillet is hot. 

This place is definitely the spot to visit if you want to satisfy your sweet tooth without overindulging
This cafe have a wide range of asian desserts with cute presentation, kind of makes you want to order almost everything on the menu! 

Lychee Pana Cotta was soft, smooth, and light. You can taste the lychee but it is faint. Ice cream goes really well with the powder + jam. 

Sizzling Ice Cream did not taste as great as the presentation. It was matcha brownie with your choice of ice cream drizzled in hot matcha sauce plus some rice krispies. The brownie wasn't rich enough, but more doughy like. However the sauce was flavorful and does pair well if the brownie was more rich/soft.
A La Mousse has gotten very popular and usually has a long line for take out or eat in at all hours of the day.  That's a good thing in that it looks like they'll be around for a long time.  It's still the primary place for matcha baked goods in the area.  Their matcha mille crepe cake is the best version I've ever had in the US. It is made up of perfectly layered thin crepes with thin layers of slightly sweetened matcha creme in between.  The texture and flavor is spot on!

Over the years, consistency is not always there as a couple of times my desserts were half-frozen (although this hasn't happened in a couple years), and the prices have gotten high (matcha mille crepe is now almost $10 for a tiny slice).  Also, I've had some desserts that I hated that weren't described as creme cheese, but had that texture and flavor which I hate.  Now I stick to the matcha desserts and I'm not disappointed.  Matcha mouse cake is my back up if they are out of mille crepe.  Due to the price point, A La Mousse is currently just an occasional treat for me.
I've been here a few times since their opening. Yes, their prices are a bit high but they are beautifully crafted edible pieces of art! Most of the treats taste as good as they look. The only dessert I am not a fan of is their mango mousse - the outer shell tastes like plastic.
Very cute dessert cafe in Chinatown with tons of sweet options.  I got a drink (iced tea); next time I plan to order a dessert here.
If I could rate this higher than 5/5 I would. This little spot has become my go-to coffee/dessert shop when I need to catch up with friends. The cafe itself is gorgeous, and there's plenty of well-spaced seating. It never seems to be too crowded, and never too empty. If you aren't a huge fan of sweets, this place is still great - green tea desserts are generally not cloyingly sweet or too rich. I've been there several times with different friends, and it never disappoints - they have such a wide selection of desserts and drinks that there's always something for everyone!

As someone who is obsessed with all things matcha/green tea, this place is DIVINE. I'm making it a mission to try every green tea dessert they have. So far, I've had the sizzling ice cream, the green tea crepe cake, and the Green Tea-ramisu (isn't that the cutest name?!). I can't even name a favorite because they've all been incredible. If I had to be picky, I'd say that their drinks are a little pricey, but they've all been delicious as well! 

Also, as an Asian girl, I just have to add - everything in this place is SO FREAKING CUTE. The drinks and desserts are so beautifully presented, and it makes eating them all the more enjoyable (in my opinion). For those of y'all who are looking for food worthy of IG pics - this is your place ;)
I HATE white chocolate, but apparently I love white chocolate a la mousse?  The triple chocolate cake is luscious.
Nothing to complain here guys, this place rocks! A relatively new player in the China town hang out scene and it's already becoming a power house. This is the kind of place you take your friends to in order to wow them! 

Small, charming and magnetic is how I would describe the restaurant. Just like its' food, the restaurant draw you in and keep you there. Everything here taste light and delicate. It is very hard to find elegance in desserts but rest assure, this is the place to get it. Their foam teas are awesome, adding a salty note to your sweet and light tea. One of my two favorite recommendations are the green tea layered crepes, which has like a thousand layers of cream and green tea and manage to stay light as ever. Warnings though, this runs out quick so if it's available, grab it. The other item I recommend is the sizzling icecream. You pick an icecream flavor and they come out on top of a hot green tea brownie on a sizzling plate. When cream is poured into the platter, it sizzles and you smell all the sweet and richness, awakening you senses. Everything else here is good, come and enjoy. Oh yeah! Before I forget. Service is also excellent.
every single dessert looked so yummy and tempting. 

One of those places where you feel like having every single dish but only have to pick one or two desserts. 

I tried their tiramisu pot and passion fruit mango dessert and both were absolutely amazing.
3.5! I liked the mango mousse cake here. Aesthetically pleasing and nice thin layer of chocolate that's made to look like a mango :D cutting into it was a nice surprise as it was filled with mango-y goodness.

I wasn't too big a fan of the Black Forest cake because of the frosting's seedy texture. However the matcha cake was good.

Haven't been able to try their eclairs yet because they run out by night time and their cupcakes are order-in-advance. Hoping to try that out for when I need some pretty cupcakes!
I'm definitely a fan -- I like the desserts I've tried but I don't LOVE them. Will I be back? Definitely. Would I recommend? Yes. Do they taste like your typical desserts? No. Are they good? They're good. 

(LOL, hope my feelings are understood in the above explanation.)

A La Mousse is a super cute, Asian inspired dessert cafe. They have everything from ice cream to milkshakes down to coffee and a variety of desserts. This place is idea for a date and/or meet up with friends. 

I stopped by after dinner at Bai Wei (amazing restaurant next door) to satisfy my sweet tooth. I ordered the Tiramisu, which was super cute...it literally came in miniature plant pot and the Strawberry fresh cream cake. Both were equally as good (the tiramisu was better in my opinion).
The desserts are very light, not overwhelming sweet, yet fulfilling. I do have to say the Strawberry cake was underwhelming, I just wish there was more to it. 

Will be back though!
I stopped by here today with a couple of friends with pretty high standards, based on the hype it was getting. I decided to try the Lychee Panna Cotta. Presentation for all of the desserts we had ordered were cute and pretty! The taste of all of the desserts didn't give that "wow" factor we all expected, it was pretty average. I would give this place another try if I was really craving something sweet and had enough money to splurge.
I ordered a mango mousse cake and they make to order! It really deserves a 5 star in terms of appearance, taste, and quality.

I love the little plates and candle that come with the cake as well.

I'd highly recommend this particular flavor for cake. Really glad I asked about which cake they would recommend -- highly satisfied!
Stopped in here while I was in the neighborhood with a friend and was looking for something sweet. 

There was a glass case of pastries that all looked pretty good, and since we weren't taking food to go we were told to get a table and wait for a server. This did cause us to be there longer than we wanted, as we had to wait for our food/check rather than just getting it from the case and sitting down. 

The desserts themselves were tasty. The raspberry mousse layer cake was moist and decadent, with the vanilla raspberry and chocolate all playing well together. 

The chocolate hazelnut cake was also pretty good, and tasted similar to a ferrero rocher candy. 

The atmosphere of the place is small and cozy, and they're definitely priced on the high side. You're looking at $7-$9 for a slice of anything.
I'm a huge matcha fan so I had to stop here during a brief trip to Philly. We ordered the green tea-rimisu to share and it was heavenly. The dessert was so light, it wasn't overly sweet or heavy. Even the scoop of ice cream that accompanies the layered dessert was a perfect complement. 

Service was quick and the employee was very helpful in suggesting which desserts to try. I highly recommend trying A La Mousse!
A La Mousse is a wonderful new dessert place in Chinatown! It has a sit down menu and a set of to-go desserts. Very cute, modern, and clean! It is a great place to go to after dinner to chat and have some awesome coffee. They serve Illy coffee which is arabica and some of the best coffee I would argue. Try their sizzling green tea ice cream with the brownie and the seasonal matcha lava cake, it's amazing, you won't be disappointed!
Prices are definitely steep. The food is mediocre at best, the best thing in the menu by far is the crepe cakes, everything else was just pedestrian. Also ordered one of their drinks and it tasted like someone milked a starburst and poured it over ice. 

I would come back for the crepe cake, but everything else I tried wasn't that impressive.
They really do mousse right. I wish they had a store like this in NYC! We originally came for the Pink Love but I fell for the Swarovski Rose. It had a recommended/popular sign to it, I couldn't resist! Both came out to be around $16 total.

The Pink Love was just sweet, although the center was nice and tart. I think it was strawberry flavored. The Swarovski, though, was a good buy. Unlike the Pink Love, this was a cheesecake mousse. And it was amazing! So flavorful, creamy, and I like the hints of floral taste in it. 

If I lived in Philly, I would totally aim to try majority of their dessert options. Their drinks also looked appealing. Definitely feels like my go-to if I am craving sweets.
This is by far my favorite dessert place in Philadelphia! I've had the lychee panna cotta at least 5 times and the green tearamisu at least four times. All the other matcha options are also incredible, and anything paired with ice cream makes for a fantastic dessert. This is my go-to place for bringing Philly visitors for dessert. The variety of desserts is incredible and the options unique!
7/5 stars if possible. 

I don't even know where to start. Never have I ever encounter a dessert restaurant with so much finesse. Every dish seemed to be carefully designed to please your a palate. The flavors were strategically layered and well orchestrated to surprise you with every bite. My soul was still singing an hour after my last bite. I know what I said sounds cliche and cheesy but you have to try it to know. The truth shall set your palate free! And, no, I do not work here nor did they paid me for this review. We went two days in a row when we discovered it, and then I came back three weekend in a row for it (I live in Atlanta).
So far we've had the Lychee Panna Cotta and the Harvest. Both were divine, really good. Getting to go is considerable cheaper than eating in. Very happy that these desserts are available in Chinatown now! Will definitely go in at least once a week to pick up some dessert.
Came in to try the matcha crepe cake. WORTH IT! They didn't skimp on the matcha, it's no too sweet, just layers of creamy tea bliss. Would definitely come back again. Just had the cake as takeout, and felt comfortable ordering in store- lots of plexiglass and sanitizer everywhere. I'd like to try the mango mousse next!
Have been a fan of this place ever since I stepped in. Cute little cafe in the city, great for those wonderful photo opportunities if you're a tourist OR playing host. 

**ATMOSPHERE**
I definitely enjoy the atmosphere in this cafe. Small and quaint and it has this rustic feel to the place. Seats are limited if you're coming in large groups of people, but it's perfect for those one and one conversations and if you come earlier in the day it's a good place to maybe get some quiet studying. Night time there's a lot of people crowding the place and it could get loud depending on the people there. 

**SERVICE**
Service is great and depends on the person serving you at the time. The latest visit we had a girl who was very attentive and noted everything down for us even though we were a pretty indecisive group. She was patient and left us to breathe while we tried to decide what we wanted. It was pretty late into the night, so I was really happy that she didn't try to rush us out and left us to talk and enjoy ourselves. One of the biggest plus for her was that most of us ordered drinks except for 1 person in the group and without asking she brought ice water for him. So A++ for her. Wished I took her name down for this review.

**FOOD**
As long as you like matcha/green tea this is a great place for you. Most of the things they have are matcha based with a few non-matcha items to order. Everything seems to be brought out fresh for us and you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. They also have a fantastic seasonal menu that I was lucky enough to try for the autumn. I fell in love with the Hazelnut Paris (forgot the rest of the name) really nutty flavor with a crunch due to the pralines in them. My go to favorite however is their Tea-ramisu, it has a lovely soft matcha flavored spongey cake in the box and your choice of ice cream to the side. 

**TIP**
If you are ordering to go order at the cash register, if not and you want to sit in, just sit wherever works for you! They will come to you.

Overall, you really can't go wrong with any choices here. I do recommend if it's hot that you try one of their citrusy matcha drinks, doesn't taste powerdry and has a fresh taste to it if you like tea/citrus taste. Not too odd of a flavor.
I stopped by this dessert spot before heading to Longwood Gardens. I really wanted to visit this spot because of how cute all the cakes looked!!

I ordered a Cherry Blossom Matcha, Cherry Blossom Espresso, Brown Bear, Tangerine Cheesecake, Pink Love and an Easter Egg shaped dessert. Despite how beautiful everything looked, I was disappointed with the taste of the desserts and drinks. 

The cherry blossom flavor tasted strongly of a sweet fruit mix syrup (strawberry and cherry maybe?). The flavor was then mixed with watered down matcha and espresso. The cakes looked amazing but they did not taste amazing. They were decent but not delicious, and they did not have me craving for more.

I don't regret trying out this place because of the beautiful pictures I took of the food, but I would not purchase more of these desserts and drinks in the future.
A La Mousse is a gem in the middle of bustling Chinatown! I would say that when it's not busy, this is a great place to buckle up and get some work done. If you are taking out, you can go straight to the cash register, but if you are dining in, feel free to take a seat and the server will come right to your table.

I have gotten the famous plant looking dessert (the harvest), which is very cute and yummy. The last time I was here, I had the chance to get their rose tea with foam and bubbles - the foam was so delicious and so was the rose tea! Their bubbles were decent (although I think KFT has better bubbles), but honestly the drink was so delicious I gobbled it down in just a few minutes (and I usually take forever to finish drinks). I also got their tofu cheesecake, which I could not believe was made of tofu. It had the perfect consistency, texture, and taste of a real cheesecake (with a little bit of reduced guilt, yay protein)!

The selection is varied and wide, and everything is very beautifully presented, and all for a decent price (I can imagine how expensive these desserts would be in K-Town in LA). The lady working there when I visited last was very attentive and sweet.

I may upgrade this review to 5 stars after I have had more chances to try new items! This is my go-to place for sure while studying in Chinatown.
I'm loving this place! Cozy and comfy place for desert! They have way above Chinatown pasty quality. Pastries are cute and delicious! Great taste, great presentation, great staff. The only downside is that it's a bit expensive, but totally worth it!
I came to A La Mousse with my friend around 7pm on a Saturday evening, and we snagged the only open table at the time. It's a small, cozy space, but be prepared to wait due to the limited seating.

My friend ordered the Lychee Panna Cotta, which came with raspberry ice cream. I tried some of hers, and loved it! It was well-balanced and so refreshing. I ordered the Hazelnut Paris-Brest with Salted Caramel Pretzel Ice Cream. The Paris-Brest is comprised of two large rings of flaky pastry with hazelnut cream in the middle. It was so delicious - light and not too sweet. The ice cream was the perfect balance of salty and sweet, and the added texture from the pretzels made it a nice accompaniment to the Paris-Brest.

The prices at A La Mousse are a bit high, but they're totally worth it for the amazing flavors and beautiful presentation you get with each dessert.
Amazing desserts, great service. Absolutely clean and professional looking, cute place, unlike some others we went into (in China Town). 

Quality food. Not too sweet. Just perfect. Didn't feel too filling.
Amazing birthday cake. Best I've had for a while. If you're not a fan of heavy cream or super sweet frosting cake, this mousse cake is the way to go! We came in last minute for a cake, and luckily they were able to make this full cake in just 30 minutes. The result was lovely. It has a simple esthetic appearance; the berries were glazed and fresh, and the cream was light. After a filling dinner, I totally still had room for a slice this dessert (2 or 3 if I don't control myself). Would definitely go back for more.
If there's one thing that stands out to me here, it's the service. Both owner and workers go out of their way to be extra friendly and accommodating, even when they're extremely busy during a rush, which was definitely admirable. 

It's a good place to study, but like most cafes, it can get loud depending on the crowd. 

The matcha mousse cake is so smooth and delicate. I would highly recommend it!
This experience is based on ordering two tier cakes from this location. 

Me and my friends have been ordering their cakes for the past year. As the year progresses, we noticed that it gets a little more difficult to ordering two tiered cakes. When we first ordered a two tiered cake, it was a simple easy experience. It came out perfect with little demands. When we tried to order the same cake again, there was a little hesitation. I had to show a picture from the first cake design in order to get the "okay". The excuse was that the cakes are too soft to be put on one another and it would come out lopsided. The first cake was stacked evenly. The only mistake was the birthday girl's name. (It was easy to correct that mistake. The name was written in chocolate piping and the mirror glaze was barely broken). The second cake wasn't lopsided or crooked as well. 

For the third cake, they absolutely did not want to do a two tiered cake. The excuse was the same, the cakes are too soft to be put on top of one another. We said it would be okay if the cake had sunk into one another, or if it was a little lopsided. We settled on ordering the cakes separately after having 3 phone calls. Come to the day of pick up, the cake became a two tiered cake. Which is great! But still not a great experience in the end. Can't expect a happy surprise when it could have been resolved on the 3rd phone call. 

I do not anticipate on ordering another two tiered cake from A La Mousse in the future. If they do not want to continue that design, then I suggest that they remove those images on their instagram.
Stopped by here with some friends on a cold chilly day and the atmosphere was so cozy. They got a relatively large array of menu options and a menu dedicated especially to all matcha. Man, already knew I would love this place when I saw this. Service was quick, friendly, and patient which was well appreciated for a group of indecisive matcha and "kawaii" dessert lovers.

The Harvest was nice and light so if you're feeling full but want to treat yourself to something here, I would recommend getting this. Make sure to dig all the way to the bottom where the hidden berry jewels are located. The desserts were condensed with their appropriate flavor fairly nicely. Some places tend to focus on presentation so much and forget about making the flavors exist in every bite. Really enjoyed my visit here and would give a thumbs up to recommend everyone checking out.
I decided it would be time to leave a review after I thought death was coming for me a few weekends ago.  It was a start to a beautiful Memorial Day weekend and somehow my body turned on me and the flu hit me like a ton of bricks!  I was miserable.  Plans were canceled.  and theraflu was my best friend.  The only thing that could make things better was a hot bowl of ramen (Terakawa), bubble tea and dessert from my favorite shop.  I made the 30 minute ride and somehow after my dinner and dessert I was "cured".  

It would be very dangerous for my wallet and waistline if I lived any closer.  My usual order is the milk foam rose tea (with bubbles) and the green tea mousse cake.
THIS IS SUCH A COPY OF SPOT DESSERT BAR IN NEW YORK CITY!!! All their desserts are either exactly the same and even have the same name or fairly similar to spot dessert bar. Although tasting wise, it was only decent. Spot is definitely better. Sure, they look interesting and cool but they should come up with their own unique desserts instead of copying others. If they're going to copy someone's idea, they should at least make it taste better.
On my third visit to A La Mousse I got a little bit excited and had two desserts and a drink (no regrets, no looking back).

Hazelnut Chocolate Cake: The cake, which came with a side of french vanilla ice cream, was delicious, and I'm not normally a HUGE fan of chocolate desserts. The hazelnut mousse was really light and airy and was sandwiched between spongey layers of hazelnut cake. The crisp layer of hazelnut on the top and bottom of the cake were incredibly both in texture and flavor. It tastes sort of like a Ferrero Rocher in a cake/mouse form but lighter and with more interesting texture. 

Banana Mousse Cake: I LOVE banana! One of my favorite dessert spots in Philly does great banana pudding, and so I was so excited to see that not only does A La Mousse have a banana dessert, they have an awesome banana dessert. It's sweet without being too sweet, and so smooth and velvety that it practically melts on your tongue. There's also an inner layer of chocolate (a nice accent) and real banana!

Milk Foam Green Tea: Really refreshing. There's a sweet creamy layer of milk foam on top of cold green tea. The milk foam sort of seeps into the tea to make a really refreshing mix (the hint of sea salt makes it really interesting). If you've never had it you should definitely give it a try. 

It's definitely not cheap ($8 being the most expensive), but desserts/drinks start at $3, so you should be able to find something yummy within your price range.
This is a cute little cafe between Chinatown and the Convention Center. Decor is nice, the small seating area is updated in a modern rustic sort of way. They have tasty coffees, teas, fraps, etc and pastries/desserts that are cute and delicious. I love the chocolate brownie in a flower pot. Just browse all the pictures for this place!
Ugh.  Where do I begin.

I don't know if there's an afterlife but I sincerely hope so because I would request to have my spirit float here and steal and eat desserts in the back for the rest of eternity.

It's low key my goal to have everything on the menu - I've tried their mille crepes, their hot and cold tea specialties, their hazelnut cake to the tangerine mousse and I have yet to encounter a dessert I don't like.

What I love about the desserts also is that nothing is *too* sweet. It's the right amount of sweetness for a bill paying, goes to bed at 9 grandma like me.

To be honest this place should be called a la mode, because almost every cake comes with a scoop of their different flavored ice creams (all amazing, might I add) and ice cream WITH a cake is the best bonus anyone can hope for.

You can yell at me all you want for the dad joke but only after you've tried it out here.

I've had incredible service every time I've come here, everyone is always super polite.  I also love the ridiculously long hours - you want to stuff your face with an adorable and delicious cake at 10 pm?  Done and done.

My picture doesn't do justice on just how cute they plate everything: instagrammable for sure.

I only wish that the place were bigger, as sometimes it can be tricky to get a seat (not surprising at how popular this place has become!) but if you are dying to try and don't mind carrying out they have that option!
I'm giving this place one star solely on the dessert itself. The reason I am writing this is because of how awful the customer service and how incredibly rude the two workers were to my mom and I. Long story short we walked in a half hour before they closed as we sat down fr somebody to take our order they said to us that we needed to hurt p and order because they're kitchen was closing in 7 minutes and proceeded to tell us that they close their kitchen twenty minutes before they close at midnight. Fair enough we begin to lol to order our dessert only two minutes later the server was rushing us to order because the kitchen was again going to close, I tried to order the lava  cake but the server responded "No we can't make that one because it takes 30mins to make and we can't do that right now." Okay, so I order the Sakura cheesecake my mom orders the Tangerine cheesecake and two drip coffees. To our surprise we would only be served one coffee because they "only had enough for one cup" the coffee was stale extremely cold, and clearly the end of the pot.  We begin to eat our dessert and as we're eating it the server came to warn us that they were closing soon. Yes we know, we thought but we still have the food in our mouth you just brought it to us and it's 11:50. Again, five minutes later they brought us the check and said that they were closing in 5 minutes. I mean come on I understand you're about to close soon but can we finish our food?!? It was just absolute worse service I have ever experienced in Chinatown which is disappointing because the dessert itself was really good. 

Moral of the story don't go to this dessert place 30 minutes before they close, where all they have to do is microwave the food because "the kitchen will surely be closing soon."
I do miss the macaron shop that was here previously but this was A very nice replacement. This shop reminds me a great deal of a dessert shop in nyc called 'the spot" which I was glad about, I was happy with what I got and I am excited to come back an eat everything else:3
The Harvest was so good! It was light and fresh with the cream cheese and the raspberry sorbet on the side was a great combination! 

We also got the sizzling ice cream with the raspberry truffle ice cream, which was interesting. It was a cool concept, but the matcha flavor was very strong/ overwhelming. Its great if you love matcha, but don't think I'd get this particular item again

I loved the shop as well - it had a sleek, modern look and the staff were so friendly!
Beautiful desserts, perfect for a sit-down and chat. Gives me SPOT cafe vibes. The Guatemalan ripple ice cream is HEAVENLY
I almost order the teapot cake, the style is like a Chinese paiting plum blossom, very artistically beautiful.
I dont want to break the teapot so I ordered Matcha double cheesecake with side Raspberry truffle icecream, We all like Lady M matcha layered cake, this one is competitive, so If you like matcha, dont miss it. He ordered A la mousse cake, usually dish named with the store name is their signature dish, but I think this one is just ok, kind of a dont want to stick with it next time thing. We also ordered their Rose iced black tea to go, it is so real rose flavor, even there is no petal in the cup, but it didnt taste like an artificial scent.
This is definitely a case of not judging a book by it's cover. The little dessert place located in Chinatown fits the instagram-worthy mold, but I personally want something to satisfy my taste buds more than my eyes. My girlfriend and I decided to try the matcha cheesecake after perusing their impressive menu and sat waiting 30+ minutes even though everyone else in the store had their orders and were on their computers. When the plate finally came out, it was pretty clear that it was just taken out of a very cold fridge as the mousse and the cheesecake were both sweating. The flavors also did not balance well either. Neither the mousse nor the cheesecake had enough sweetness, and the only saving grace was the ice cream that was on the plate. The worst thing was we were expecting the dessert to come out quick since all that needed to be done was plate, and I ended up having to extend my parking meter several times before we even got our food. Not only that, but the disappointing dessert is way overpriced for a dish that falls so flat. Next time, we will probably just hit up one of the numerous bakeries in the area.
Love this cute little dessert place in Chinatown. I would recommend their foam teas, probably my all time favorite. You won't regret any of their cakes you get here as well. Everything there is also aesthetic in pictures. Never forget to take pictures before you dig into their desserts!
This place was absolutely amazing! We were visiting Philly and saw how cute this place looked on Yelp so decided to try it out and we were so pleased! They have both outdoor and indoor seating, take temperature and have a QR code to scan for the menu. The staff was very pleasant. Their items all looked beautiful. The hardest part was deciding what to pick!

My husband ordered a coffee and I got the jasmine green tea. He got the triple chocolate mousse and I picked the tangerine cheesecake- both came with a side of mango ice cream. Visually and taste-wise, they were perfect! I highly recommend this cafe.
A La Mousse has pretty much become my go-to dessert spot. Let's start with the staff--I have never been greeted more warmly than I have been here. Since it's become an almost weekly stop for me, the staff seem very happy to see me; kind of like meeting with family around the holidays. 

A La Mousse provides the best of grab and go, as well as dine in. I've come more accustomed to dining in just to experience their "dine in" versions of their desserts. The presentation comes second to none, plus the addition of a little ice cream doesn't hurt, either. 

I have never had a below excellence experience here, as I often struggle with what to choose to purchase because everything is so delicious. A La Mousse's milk foam rose black tea with boba has changed my life. 

Give this place a shot. You will surely not be disappointed. And lest we forget, their wooden table tops provide a great base for awesome Instagram shots!
Confession time: I have a sweet tooth. That said, I don't like overly sweet desserts. I don't like the cloying texture and taste of too much sugar; therefore, these delicacies were a matcha made in Heaven. $60 worth of deserts for 5 people. Worth it. My kids loved the shakes, they loved the ice cream, they loved my dessert which looked like a teapot. 
I'm not fond of Philly (yet?) but I love this place.
The presentation is amazing, the desserts looks better than it taste. I order four desserts with my friends and honestly the ice cream taste best is all the dishes besides the matcha lava cake. The matcha lava cake is my favorite, if you do order that just remember it's a 20-25 minute wait for it.

This place reminds me of spot dessert in NYC, if you come here you would understand what I mean. Each dessert is about 8.95 .
This dessert place is a refreshing addition to Chinatown as a sit down place with really nice decor. I had the green tea crepe cake and tofu cheesecake; they both come with a scoop of ice cream that really makes for a satisfying dessert set (both were around $8-9 each).

We ordered the tofu cheesecake for the novelty of it, and it was pretty airy and light without being overly sweet (the name also makes the dish feel pseudo healthy, which is a plus when you're wolfing down desserts). The espresso / chocolate / peanut butter ice cream that came with it was surprisingly really good as well, and the rich flavors complemented the relatively light flavors of the cheesecake very well.
Came here after dinner and was completely pleased with the service and selection of desserts. I ordered the triple chocolate mousse and lychee pana cotta, which tasted delicious. Will definitely come back again when I am in the area.
