The following are considered when I rate a more expensive restaurant. $60+/Person.  The first listed is the most important and weighted more than the line item following.

Flavor/Quality of Ingredients and Plating 
Service (Initial Welcome to the last thank you)
Ambiance/Décor/Environment
Price
Value of TOTAL Experience

You have read all the puffery of other YELP reviews, So, I'll try not to bore you.

Joined by Lips, looking fantastic with this years, Gucci shoes, matching Gems, and even down to the socks. With us were a hot new couple. Looking like a real match made in heaven. Class all around.

Now down to the food experience. 2 Stars for a restaurant which obviously uses great ingredients, creative dishes along with some ok service.

We started with an interesting service fowl up only to be handled poorly. The Server brought over what we thought was a complimentary start of our meal. Wasabi String Beans and then server brought over some sort of dull looking mush. At this point one of or party attendees called over the server (by the way we noshed on the beans) in which we inquired about the starters. At that point he stated it must be a mistake, he whisked the now not so complimentary dishes off the table and that was that. No apology, no nothing. We think a better way to handle this is to explain the error and ask us if we wish to continue noshing on the dishes,

Its a "sharing menu" not for everyone. But ok...

The other couple ordered Smoked Scallops as well as we did, they were very good.
They also ordered another small plate in which was enjoyed.
Lips and I ordered the Smoked Mussels, good smokey flavor, they're were about 5 in the dish. Expensive for 5 morsels. The Cucumber Gazpacho with Crab tasted great, again over the top expensive for the portion. 
Steam Clams, clams so small  it seemed silly. Plus the broth was just like any other Steamed Clam dish. Expensive considering the presented product.

Shared Entrees by the other Couple was a whole Black Sea Bass. Small but was reported to be very good. And the Wagu Steak. Again value vs portion very small portion but again strictly taste to be good.

We shared the Porterhouse Steak (97 dollars, holy sh^t are you kiddng me) Steak was Good, but again nothing extraordinary. Rosemary potatoes no big deal, they were potatoes. Grilled Cesear Salad, good but why was it served with the entree? 

For this outrageously priced dish you would have thought it would be amazing. It wasn't, all it was was a Porter House cooked as expected. Meh meh and more meh. The correct pricing should have been 34.95 and just enough for one person. But 97 bucks to be shared? At time the food and its presentation seemed to be more ego than anything else.

Desserts were the Chocolate Mouse, excellent, the other side of the table they ordered some sort of Custard which was horrible tasting, almost like sour water texture, tasted like a Goat Milk. That was sent back and a Pound Cake Appeared to be a better ending.

All in all the Food tasted quite good. The service was ok but again nothing which would dictate the price points. Weird beginning. The atmosphere was sparse, nothing which would wow anyone.

Ok... PRICE? For the amount of food we ordered, we should have come away more than satisfied. We didn't. The portions are ridiculously small considering the prices are outrageously high. The value just wasn't there. Not even close.

Lets say for arguments sake the portions were better, the expense would still be way too high, but the review would be at a 3 star. (taste, quality)The atmosphere yawn,  nothing, the service was ok, again at the level of a 100+ per people expect and deserve more, better and be satiated.

So a hard 2 stars for this disappointment. The herd mentality is alive and well on YELP. 

FATTY SAYS SWING AND A MISS!!! Skip it and the Hype?
We had a really wonderful group dinner at a.kitchen. Taking up nearly the entire dining space, our group of 11 tried a nice sampling of their menu.

To start, we ordered a number of small plates - lamb sausage, beet salad, fennel salad, chick pea fritters, salad with crispy onions, gnocchi with ham and escargot, and asparagus with a cucumber sauce. The standout dishes for me were the chick pea fritters and the salad with crispy onions. 

For my entree, I ordered the hanger steak. This was cooked a perfect medium well as I had requested. It  had a nicely seasoned and charred crust on it and the peppercorn sauce topping it offered even more flavor. 

We shared several desserts - panna cotta, mille fuille, and chocolate peanut marquise.  All of them were excellent but the chocolate and panna cotta were outstanding. The richness of the chocolate marquise paired really well with the light and not overly sweet panna cotta. 

Although the reviews are not glowing for this place, I was impressed with the variety and quality of the food here. And, the service was very attentive. All of us enjoyed ourselves. I would consider returning here on another trip to Philly.
Last night I had dinner at a.kitchen with my husband and in-laws. I think it's safe to say that we were all super happy to be reunited with Chef Eli Collins' cooking. Eli's food is always seasonal, innovative and delicious (he was formerly the head chef at Pub & Kitchen, one of our go-tos).

The squash and fig dish was out of this world! From the crunch of the pumpkin seeds and rye crisps to the sweetness of the figs, this plate was bursting with fall flavor. I absolutely loved it! The octopus and sausage/shishito peppers starters were great as well, but the squash stole the show. 

For dinner, I had the steak with mushrooms and bernaise butter. The steak was perfectly cooked and very flavorful. Our server was incredibly professional and kind, knew the menu inside and out, and had a great wine suggestion every time we asked. 

Dessert was nice but probably not a must. I wasn't crazy about the pecan cake but I did enjoy the chocolate tart, which is ideal for dark chocolate lovers as it's not overly sweet but still very flavorful, with raspberry sauce complementing the chocolate (my favorite combo!). 

The only negative we experienced was when my mother-in-law requested a black russian with a side of ice. The drink the bartender sent over was not a black russian, but some type of coffee martini. She wasn't crazy about it, and it was removed from our check (very nice and much appreciated!) but I just wish the bartender would have sent our server back to say that they couldn't make the drink/didn't have the correct ingredients/etc. We had this exact same issue years ago when we last dined at a.kitchen together - we even mentioned it to our server when we placed our drink order! It was a small snafu, but kind of strange that a restaurant with a full bar next door wouldn't have Kahlua. 

a.kitchen is one of those spots I don't get to very often, but after last night's fantastic dinner, I'll be keeping it in mind for future nights out!
Highly recommend the mushroom bolognese and the chicken parfait. The shukshuka was a little too tomato-y for my tastes (shocker, I know) 

The drinks were strong, the way we like it. Service was great, the waiter was attentive and patient with us as we got carried away with conversation and forgot to look at the menu for the first 20 minutes. Don't worry, we did order drinks as soon as we sat down. Priorities. 

Highly recommend the outdoor setting al fresco. They have a cute covered area with seating arrangements for parties of two or four. Can't speak about how crowded it gets during peak hours but we went for brunch on a Sunday at 11 am and there were spaces between us and the other parties.
I've eaten here a few times; in the recent past for a special tasting menu and then just yesterday for the $65 prix fixe Thanks giving menu. Previous occasions (not counting the tasting event) were so-so. Thanksgiving was abysmal.

Sure. You can call me a jackass for going out to eat on Thanksgiving and expecting it to be good but we are talking about eating at a place that is in business to serve food, a place that does it 7 days a week. That's not the same as going to senile Aunt Virginia's trailer home for Thanksgiving, Virginia being the aunt who has a disreputable, moth ravaged stuffed muskrat collection dating back to the 1930s when she was a fierce sling shot huntress and amateur taxidermist. Virginia being the aunt whose idea of cooking is making frito pies with single serve boxes of cornflakes, chopped, cold Spam and ketchup packets she saves from when she goes out for fast food. So yes, I had what I think were very reasonable high expectations of what was going to be coming out of Eli Collins' kitchen. 

Even though I arrived on time for my seating, I had to stand like a lump in a winter coat at the door since my table was not ready and a. kitchen has no waiting area for diners. The bar was full and already I felt like an unwelcome guest at the feast. 

The holiday menu had several options in addition to traditional turkey (which I heartily detest) and $65 bought you 3 courses-appetizer, main with sides (potato puree, stuffing with sausage, braised greens and roasted vegetables) and 3 types of pie or a chocolate mousse. I opted for gem lettuce with apples and walnuts (and got pecans instead but that was fine), braised beef short rib bordelaise and a slice of sweet potato pie. One could have a wine pairing for an additional $28. Since I am not a wine drinker, I started with a Manhattan and asked that it be on the rocks. 

At no time were the servers grouchy, curt or unsmiling but at all times they seemed frazzled and half crazed. I learned from the hostess that this was a.kitchen's first Thanksgiving. It showed and not in a good way. 

I was served my on the rocks Manhattan in a coupe glass with no cherry or orange garnish. Hmmm. I was never asked if I wanted rye, whiskey or what have you in my drink. First bad sign. 10 minutes later, I was served a glass of ice with a spoon in it. Retro on the rocks, I guess. I poured my booze into it and drank. No one ever asked if I wanted a refill. I'm glad I didn't.

The salad looked thrown together and other than the pecans (not walnuts) was unremarkable. I dearly wanted some bread and butter but that was not an option anywhere on the menu. The short rib came soon after, sitting smack in the middle of an otherwise ungarnished plate. It was barely lukewarm. Parts of it were medium rare, other parts quite well done. All of it was tender but in need of more bordelaise. The sides? Oh, those sides. The potato puree was pretty much a starchy wallpaper paste. White glue. The "roasted" vegetables were hard and could have used another 45 minutes in the oven to carmelize, soften and earn them the term 'roasted.' They were lukewarm, too. The stuffing was very well done aka quite browned but also lukewarm and sans any sausage I could discern. The braised greens were poorly chopped, ropy and bitter. I took one taste and left them to get even colder than the temperature at which they were first served.

The sweet potato pie was average, a forgettable but not soggy crust, topped with a dollop of whipped cream. I was not offered tea, coffee or a digestif. That, too, was okay as I wanted nothing more than to get the hell out of a. kitchen's pandemonium. A 20% gratuity was automatically added to my bill. This was insulting. As a former server, I can understand this being done when a large party is served but for a singleton diner? Was it to be assumed that I was a rube, clueless about tipping?

For slightly over $100, including my drink, tax and mandatory tip (and normally I leave 25%, not 20%)-I spent a noisy, unfestive and very unpleasant 50 minutes eating barely warm, ill prepared food at an establishment that will never see my patronage again.
A.kitchen gets A D-grade for food.

Which is disappointing - because with the chef pedigree, the location, gorgeous design interior with open kitchen, you would think you're in for an A+ meal. But not so, my foodie friends, not so.

Perhaps we're poorly ordering over and over again, but the salads and sandwiches just aren't up to snuff.

Service is a bit detached, cold. 

Salads lack a bit of color, a lot of flavor - terribly bland.  But the definite stand-out disappointment were the mushroom croquettes- its contents and sauce were so off-putting, so much so that both my lunch companion and I had a terrible after-taste that lingered long after the meal was over.

One highlight however, was the delicious homemade English muffin that had the right amount of fluffiness, crunch with a hint of sweetness and this thankfully was the only factor that took a simple deli tuna salad to a more gourmet level.

Otherwise, a very average, expensive lunch all around.
Tasty food. Dainty food. Expensive food. 

My feelings about A.kitchen are mostly positive, but damn are they expensive when you consider the portions. Even for the Square. Now I know how all the celebrities can eat there and get away with keeping their figures. 

Fortunately, the food is pretty good. My table of ladies ordered the arugula salad, octopus with watermelon, blue crab salad and beets to share. The salad was okay, but the octopus and crab dishes were both excellent. I didn't try the beets but my friends seemed to like them.

We each chose our own main and I ordered the fettucine with bottarga. It was very rich, and this is where the smaller serving size actually worked to my advantage. The bottarga flavor was subtle which I preferred when compared with a similar dish I had at another restaurant. A couple of my noodles were slightly more firm than al dente, but overall I was very happy with my choice. 

My friends ordered a puff pastry filled with white chocolate and rhubarb and a pineapple upside down cake for dessert. I had a teeny bite of each and neither really wowed me, but I'm not super big on sweets. Both were cleared out so my friends definitely liked them. 

Would I go back to A.kitchen? Yes, but most likely if the check is being picked up by someone else. I liked the food and the service but there are other restaurants with similar dishes at more reasonable prices.
For a restaurant that just opened this week, a.kitchen is doing very well - I was pleasantly surprised! You can tell that there are some areas in which they are still getting their feet under them, but overall I had a great experience. 

The physical space is beautiful. I sat at the chef's bar, where I had a great view of all of the food as it was prepped - which is dangerous if you are the kind of person who wants to eat everything that looks good. The space is open and light and comfortable. Service was incredibly attentive - perhaps one of the perks of coming by when a place cares about making a good impression!

The beets with broccoli rabe and honey yogurt were excellent - I am a big fan of the pickled beets down the street at Village Whiskey, but I think these beat them out by just a smidge. The deciding factor is the honey yogurt, it is a lovely accompaniment for the beets. If they were open for lunch it would be a perfect mid-day entree; for dinner it was great as a starter on a hot, muggy day. The asparagus and artichokes were also a very good hot-weather pick. The pecorino cream was not overly heavy and the dish had a nice, light citrusy flavor. The only dish I didn't love was the pork belly risotto fritters. As a previous review mentioned, the rice tasted more like plain white rice than risotto. I thought the dish was too oily and a little bland. I can see how I might like the dish better in the fall/winter, though - it might have just been a mistake to order it in 90 degree weather! My waiter noticed that I did not enjoy the fritters and the dish was taken off my bill, which was unexpected but very appreciated. 

I wasn't going to eat dessert, but like I said - sitting at the chef's bar is dangerous. After watching them head out to another table, I tried the almond macaroons with plums. The macaroons had a great flavor - herbal and minty - although they were a little crumbly and hard to eat neatly (but whatever, who cares how you look when you're eating dessert?). The plums were absolutely perfect, I really enjoyed how seasonal the dessert was. 

Another unexpected surprise on this visit was that the restaurant is offering complementary beverages until their liquor license is in. I had a lovely white wine that my server recommended, it was deliciously light and fruity. I think this is another way in which the restaurant distinguished itself for me - they could have waited to begin serving alcohol until they had their license, but I am impressed at the way they chose to handle the situation. I am looking forward to returning to try more of the dishes I had a glimpse of this evening (the tagliatelli with veal ragu and chorizo stuffed calamari are first on the list!).
I'm SO DOWN with this place! Back in town, and went for another a kitchen visit. It's all I wanted! We tried a slew of new things, and I became ecstatic over almost everything. The service was perfect tonight. We sat outside on a gorgeous 70 degree evening, and our waitress was so involved without being annoying. She was funny, sweet, and everything you want in a waitress.

BEET SALAD with BROCCOLI RABE and HONEY YOGURT. WILD!!!!! I've never had anything like it. I was so, so skeptical but my boyfriend insisted on it. The beets were so fresh, and the bitterness of the broccoli rabe was cut by the honey yogurt. Everything was drizzled in a bit of olive oil, salt, and pepper, and that olive oil pulled everything together. One of the most creative dishes I've had in awhile. 

SCALLOP with CORN FALAFEL and GAZPACHO. This kept the review from a 5 star rating. While the corn falafel was tasty (fried corn. yes please.), the scallop was a strange temperature that just felt WRONG for seafood. 

SOCKEYE SALMON WITH LEEKS. GORGEOUS presentation. Skin crisped on top, with salmon roe decorating the sides, and two pieces of leeks cut into concentric circles. The plate was stunning. The salmon even more so. I don't think I've ever REALLY been into salmon because it's always a little overdone...this was more on the rare side, and really allowed you to fully taste the flavor of the salmon. I loved it. Simple and beautiful. 

DUCK PASTA. A little heavy for a summer night, but a nice melange of ingredients nonetheless. Chanterelle mushrooms, peas, braised duck leg, and some large fava beans made for an excellent savory dish. May have been a tad too salty for my taste, but I'm super sensitive to salt. 

OH MY GOD THE GOAT CHEESE CAKE. With a hazelnut crust, a blueberry compote, and a RIESLING SORBET. The combination was sinful, decadent, and WORTH IT. The goat cheese was AMAZING in the cake - you could really taste it, and when combine with all the other components, I was in heaven. The riesling sorbet tasted better than a glass of riesling, and was awesome on it's own or on top of the cake. Definitely, definitely recommend this dessert. 

Another awesome experience at a.kitchen.
Just stopped in for a small snack - I had the Pork Belly Risotto Fritters ($9). The plate came with 3 fried balls filled with risotto (it really was more like plain rice) and pork along with a spicy mayo-based sauce. The fritters were very good and the sauce was a fantastic addition. 

Sitting at the kitchen bar I was able to see a lot of the different menu items prepared. The dishes definitely seemed a little small, but given the location and quality the prices aren't too too high.

They're serving free alcohol til the liquor license comes through (not sure how long this is going on), which is a great deal. The staff is welcoming and friendly and the atmosphere is very modern and chic. 

Definitely give it a try!
Definitely up there in the "Best Meals I've Ever Had" category for both myself and my dining companion.  (I'm actually quite surprised at some of these negative reviews.)  We sat at the bar, and our service was everything we could have wanted.  Our bartender chatted with us, was polite and knowledgeable and was there for everything we needed, while masterfully mixing beautiful cocktails with layers of complexity.  They were offering a $32 four-course menu, which I felt was even underpriced for the food I got.  I noticed other reviews complaining about prices a la carte, and, just so we're clear, this was an expensive meal, but it was worth every cent.  The frisee, bacon and egg salad was a perfect balance of salty and tangy - something I think I would probably be happy to eat for every meal for the rest of my life.  Taleggio and mushroom crepe was earthy and delicious, and the shrimp with chilis were large, spicy and succulent.

Then came the chicken.  Ohhhh, the chicken.  The chicken that will surely be one of those dishes that I crave, that I dream about.  You wouldn't think that a place like a.kitchen would serve fried chicken and probably be even less likely to order it.  This is a major can't miss though - it's unbelievably juicy with a crunchy coating that's not too thick and little bits of perfectly crispy/creamy foie gras that somehow crazily pairs beautifully with the chicken.  My dining companion ordered the chicken and was stingy with sharing, and my prix-fixe came with the lamb bolognese.  I'm sure it was great, but I didn't really remember anything after tasting the chicken.  Actually, not true, the bolognese was wonderful - beautiful ribbons of pasta with meaty sauce that I'd kill to know how to make - even so, if there were a commandment about coveting thy neighbor's chicken, I'd be guilty as charged.

We don't usually do dessert, but the savory dishes were so fantastic, we just had to see what the kitchen could whip up in the sweet department.  Pound cake and goat cheese cake were above average but not as outstanding as the other dishes.  The banana ice cream was the star though, a miracle of gastronomy that packed so much banana flavor into one creamy scoop.  We will most definitely be back...for chicken.  And to try out brunch, which, from the menu, looks like it'd be amazing as well.
A.disappointment

Despite a great location, atmosphere, and much-hyped chef, this place is just an overpriced disaster with no hope for long-term survival unless the menu and food are revamped.  We came here before their liquor license was issued and they graciously gave us free wine and cocktails (a pleasant surprise that saved them from a 1 star review).

We sat at the kitchen bar and our drink order wasn't taken until 30 minutes after we were seated despite the chef's friends on both sides of us--who sat down after us--already getting their appetizers.  They made this right by giving us a free small plate.  

Now, this 2 star review is based entirely on the food since I'll give the shaky service the benefit of the doubt since it just opened.  The food failed more on conception than execution.  We had a lump crab salad over hearty farro that was served with parmesan and pesto. The crab should have been the highlight of the plate but it was dominated by the pesto, cheese, and farro.  The sausage stuffed calamari and gnocchi were next and both were inedibly salty (and heavy for a summer menu).  They clearly were not tasted before getting sent out. Mushroom croquettes were straight out of the frozen food aisle but at least tolerable. Finally, the low point of the night was the chicken-- mistakenly left in the oven or Ronco food dehydrator overnight.  We ate only two bites.  Fortunately, our second waiter of the night (Mark, who was a.kitchens saving grace) recognized this was horrific and comped it without us even asking. If you are wondering what happened to our first waitress, we're pretty sure she was high.  Seriously.

All in all the bill would have been $120 but after 3 free drinks (at $14 each, a free small plate for being ignored, and a comped entree) we paid $60.  Still too expensive for the quality.  I'm also not the type to try to get free food since I haven't complained or sent back a dish in years.

This place is as bad as their website. We will not return (even if they bring back the free drinks).
I wanted to love this place, but I wouldn't say I do.  I went for lunch with co-workers.  We had all been wanting to try it because its around the corner from the office.

We sat inside, but all the windows were open so that was nice.  It was surprisingly pretty empty at 1pm.  

I had the blue crab salad.  It was really tasty, but a little heavy on the mayo, and really small.  Other people got sandwiches, the chorizo with calamari, and the veal ragu.  Everyone enjoyed their food, but the bill came to about $28 per person.  That's a pretty expensive lunch for relatively small portions.  

I didn't have any issues with the service, the waitress was nice, and checked back with us a couple times to see if we needed anything.
I don't often review, however on occasion a restaurant will truly capture my attention, this particular one has done so. The food will capture your attention, take you on a journey, at the end of the day you will be amazed by the journey you have been on. 
Rarely will food express such emotion, the chefs here, along with the bartender, and waitress will impress all your sense, especially your pallet. if you go to only one restaurant in philly... try this one. it will blow your mind.
Restaurant Week at a.kitchen feels like highway robbery - $35 for 4 courses of a variety of delicious, fresh options in a chic, dim-lit, sexy Rittenhouse hotspot is one helluva deal. I can't say, however, that I'm fully convinced to run back beyond restaurant week because the normal prices and portion sizes I received during my experience don't seem like an incredible value.

Our group of 5 was sat promptly at our reservation time, and thank goodness we had a reservation. Our table would comfortably fit 3 people, but squeezing five at a small round top proved to be tricky as we played plate Tetris throughout our entire meal. The place was very busy and tightly packed with patrons. It's not a very spacious location, so I would be a little leery of a weekend dinner here if you have any level of claustrophobia. 

Restaurant Week allotted each of us two starters, one entrée, and one dessert - it's a very generous offer, and the options were fairly vast and varied catering to our different food restrictions and preferences. To the dismay of my friend and reservation-maker, there was no duck on the menu despite the menu shown on the CCD website saying otherwise. I ordered gnocchi and the cauliflower soup for my appetizers. The soup was creamy and beautifully flavored! The gnocchi was also very delicious with a light, fluffy flavor. For my entree I ordered the beef entree medium rare, and it was delicious and cooked perfectly. For dessert, I chose from the chocolate hazelnut cake - it was a little dry, but overall tasty. The portion was LAUGHABLE. It was literally three bites. 

All in all, I was impressed with the flavors. If normal portions are the same size as the restaurant week portions, I'd have a hard time dishing out $15-30 per plate. I would come back for a happy hour situation, but I'm also not running back. Service and seating was a bit of disappointment, and it felt kind of cramped. Solid 4 stars.
So I came to a.bar with a couple of friends and then stopped over to a.kitchen for a bit to eat.  We got to sit at the counter to the open kitchen which is kind of cool.  Since everything was small plates, we asked for things to be delivered when they were ready.  The cheese plate came immediately, but then we realized that nothing else came 25 minutes after we had finished the cheese.   The worst part of it is that we watched as the cooks were "cleaning" the kitchen and not really cooking anything. Given that we'd been waiting for a long time, we asked if something had happened to the our check.   Low and behold, they "lost" the check and weren't cooking our food at all. They started cooking our order and was "kind of" apologetic about it.  

The food that did come out was pretty good, but the whole experience was already tainted. They offered to a free side of carrots to make up for it.  It is better than nothing, but a side of carrots???

A restaurant is a combo of food and service, and one cannot make up for the a lack of the other. That's why I have to give this place 2 stars.
this place is a.OK but nothing to rave about

came for restaurant week lunch and had a decent meal but left hungry. i got the gnocchi and the salmon. the gnocchi.. there were probably 10-15 pieces. i was a fan of these! then i got the salmon which was half of the normal salmon filet size, literally a small square. it was good but could have been cooked a tad bit more, the pink was looking a little slimy. 

all in all, this place is pretty pricey for small portions and the flavors didn't really wow me.
This was such a weird, bad, and dirty (or dusty) experience. 

A friend and I  snagged an outdoor table for an afterwork drink and bite. I was looking forward to trying it because I had passed it and liked the overall aesthetic. But my first sip of A. Kitchen was disgusting. There was a light film of dust/ dirt on the water. The server didn't apologize and seemed relatively unconcerned but did bring me a new water along with my wine and quickly disappeared. Before drinking I checked both of them and noticed the same film. 

However, we were unable to get her attention again. She  was rarely seen for the next 45 minutes or so except for one one or two occasions when she she would walk to the opposite side of tables and stand around giggling and talking. We tried to make eye contact but she would promptly turn her back to us before we could motion for her to come over. 

Finally someone who appeared to be a manager based on how he was dressed seemed to sense our frustration or notice our attempts to get our server's attention. He asked us if everything was okay at which point we explained that our server had disappeared and there was a dusty film on our drinks. He indicated that he would be back and I fully expected him to return with either a comped check or an apology. Instead he dropped a check in front of us and disappeared. We were charged for our dirty drinks. Rather than waste another 30 minutes trying to get someone's attention and not expecting anything to come of our complaint, we decided to cut our losses,  threw cash down on the table to cover the check and headed to another place for drinks and dinner. 

I will never, ever go here again and have saved a few friends and business acquaintances from the bad experience by vetoing suggested meals or lunch meetings here.
A very underwhelming brunch is how I would describe my experience at a.kitchen. We called in for a table and were told that they only had kitchen table available that we reserved, however we found most of the tables empty when we reached and were given a nice table by the window looking out to 18th Street. The place has an upscale and polished feel to it and we were looking forward to the brunch menu. 
We started with cappuccinos that were good but were disappointed by the very limited brunch options. We settled on the omelette and Rittenhouse breakfast (2 eggs any style). My husband wanted a different cheese for his omelette and they did not have too many choices of cheese available. The eggs any style does not come with toast and had to be chosen as a side with only potato and rye breads as options.The side of potatoes was too tangy and and they were out of breakfast sausages for sides. 
Maybe brunch is not their thing and I would not recommend them for it either.
I'm a big fan of a.kitchen..in fact, I went for lunch two days in a row, because I wanted it again THAT badly. 

I went in pretty skeptical the first time, the items on the menu didn't seem that appetizing, and for tapas, seemed a little overpriced. But, I gave it a chance, because it's close to my boyfriend's apartment when I'm in town visiting. 

The layout is great. The ceilings are high, there's ample space between tables - feels cozy and intimate without being cramped. The perfect lunch spot. I love the big windows that open out onto the street, and the seating outside is so cute next to the park. I sat at the chef's bar the first time, and had this wonderful waitress who just wanted me to have the best lunch possible. I could tell she was making everyone's experience that much better. The HEATWAVE was in full force, so when I told her I wanted something light, she had the perfect suggestion...

the FARRO WITH BLUE CRAB AND PESTO. So awesome. The portions here are definitely big for tapas, and you definitely get your money's worth. The fresh crab was dressed to perfection, sitting on farro in a pesto sauce. It was so light but filling, and so good that the next day, I felt like I needed to go back for another try! 

On the next visit, I had the CAVATELLI WITH MUSSELS, which was also delcious and seasoned so well. Despite a creamy sauce, it still felt light, an again was perfectly portioned as lunch for one. 

The people next to me were raving about the steak, and I have to say, it looked pretty amazing.

Another nice touch is the bread. The baguette is delicious, just how I like it - not too doughy with a little crunch on the outside. The butter on the side is lightly salted, with a sprig of dill as an added bonus. When I sat at the bar, I saw that the waitresses cut the fresh bread and put the plate together, which just added to my positive perception of the service there. 

Loved it, and will definitely go back for more next time I'm in town!
Hearing who the chef of a.kitchen is, I was expecting an out of this world dinner. I was underwhelmed to say the least. They serve their food in small plates, but the servers didn't feel it necessary to explain this. The fried potatoes with saffron aioli....I've had better frozen from a bag. The calamari stuffed with chorizo had virtually no calamari; it merely served as a casing. The almond "macaroon" was described by the boyfriend as a rice cake with fruity jam. He wasn't far off. The one redeeming quality is the complimentary hooch. The bartender whipped up great cocktails all night. Otherwise, no reason to go back.
Hmm, I could have swore I wrote a review 

After they first opened I went here for brunch with three friends. Our service was horrible. So horrible that I had to actually ask for my food. Our blintzes came out burnt, not crisp, charred to be exact.

Our server didn't even ask me if i wanted a refill on my mimosa which would have made his tip higher.

On a brighter note there about twenty great places within ten steps of this sad establishment so save your self  and just walk on by.
If you want cheap food and ridiculously sized portions... Please don't come here and write a whiny review. This isn't Golden Corral.

On the other hand if you want masterfully created and well thought out dishes... This is your place.

We sat at the chefs counter and had the tasting menu with the wine pairing. The counter menu is not the same as the main area menu. Each dish highlights the skills of this most remarkable team and is served to you and explained by the chef who prepared it. Each and every dish was amazing and perfectly portioned. The wine pairing was spot on. We had the best view in the house watching the choreography of the kitchen.

Great decor and professionally trained waitstaff who are very friendly make this place a go-to when you want to experience something special.
Was recommended we visit but unfortunately proper food safety/sanitation overtly not followed. Sat at the counter, witnessed expediter, sous chef, taste double dipping into a huge pot of sauce...gross! Second, cook using same cutting board for raw meat products and plating finished product resulting in cross contamination. Contacted management but no response. Guess they don't care....
3.0/5 

Mediocre and overpriced.

The food was very mediocre, and offered little of the interestingness or creativity that I've come to expect at places with $$$. Actually, I take that back -- a $$$ place that does very normal food very well, even if without creativity, can still score 4.5 stars in my rating system. However, a. kitchen delivered a mediocre menu with mediocre cooking. I didn't dislike my food per se, but my wallet felt very sad paying $40 or so for this fish that I probably could have made better at home... (and this is even after I got a discount through Restaurant Week)
This is not a bang-for-your-buck type of place. This is a look-at-me-I'm-tiny-and-expensive type of place.

Granted, the food was delicious. My braised chicken, while tasting a bit like my grandmother's chicken soup, was tender and slightly different from the chickens I've had at other places. But did my tiny little dish really warrant the price tag?

Well, no. We're talking about chicken here.

A.kitchen is a place that I'll stop into maybe once every two to three years. It's not a go-to, fun spot. It's chic, sure, and it's intimate, sure. But it's way too expensive and not enough "wow."

At one point during a meal last week, I put my (used) napkin down on the table. A few minutes later, the server casually walked over and hovered beside me to fold it into a perfect square. I thanked her while thinking, "What in the heck just happened? Why did my napkin need to be folded? Does she plan to wash her hands now?"

It felt like an all-eyes-on-you restaurant, which is uncomfortable to me. In other words, it was way too high class for little ole me.

With all of that said, I'm still a fan. It does what it does right, and that's what matters here. If you want to have your napkin folded, with an extremely attentive server, in a dark and trendy environment, then this is your place.

Oh, and make sure to try the maple creme brûlée for dessert. Stuff is good.
I stopped by A.kitchen for a restaurant week lunch. The first thing I noticed was that none of the dessert choices listed online were available on the menu. Dessert was cookies, with no other choices. Then the waiter said that fries with the burger are $5 extra. Well, with a 3 course meal on tap there is no need for fries but charging extra for them bothers me. Not a good start for my lunch, but then the food came. And the food put me in a much better mood. I started with the mussels in a white sauce, which came with toast. The mussels were large and tasty and the sauce complimented it well. I also received a complimentary plate of the marinated chickpeas. I'm not a fan of chickpeas, so I was shocked this was actually a good dish. I'm thankful I was able to try it. Then came the A.burger. This is one of the best burgers in the city! It's a juicy double patty, with a generous portion of melted cheese, on a toasted sesame seed bun. I dont remember the other ingredients,  but it all meshed perfectly. Juices were running down my hand and on to my plate,  the sign of a great burger. A minor quibble is that my top bun was over toasted, to say it nicely. The dessert cookies were 3 different small cookies that tasted ok. I will have forgotten the cookies a week from now, but there is no forgetting that burger. I'll definitely be back for lunch again to order it.
I went for a restaurant week date with my roommate after we looked at the menu and decided it was up to our standards. Yes, we are RW snobs, I'll put it out there right now. While I wasn't disappointed by this place, overall it didn't blow me away either. 

They really did restaurant week correctly, so I'll start off by saying any of the negative factors had nothing to do with the RW offerings. They actually impressed me with the fact that their offerings included 4 courses, and each course was a really good portion.  Also impressed with the fact that this place offered their normal menu in addition to the RW menu. Though understandable why places do this, it usually irks me that I can't at least consider something off their regular menu. Sometimes I just like to look for the sake of coming back next time!

Anyway, the food was a mixed bag--some of it was really awesome (lamb meatballs, spaghetti cacio e pepe, braised rabbit), and others were just OK (red snapper, fried eggplant, gravlax). So all in all, I wouldn't run back to this place to check out their other menu options. The dessert they served at the end was an awesome chocolate mousse type thing with salted caramel. Wish I could've had more. Or just licked my plate like an animal.

Our server was a little absent and slow, just not quite as attentive as I would've liked. She wasn't very helpful with the massive (impressive) wine list, but said she'd be happy to send over the sommalier (who never showed). We were happy to pick something out on our own as we knew enough about wine to pick out a bottle. She was quick to bring us our check at the end but we didn't feel rushed.

The place overall is pretty small, with an open kitchen with bar seats, and a teeny tiny bar on the right as you walk in. If I returned, I'd probably come either for wine, or to sit at that kitchen bar and watch the action.
The food is generally good, but pricey. Most of the dishes are considered small plates, so our server recommended we get 2-3 each; we felt full with 5 between the two of us and agreed we would limit to 4 next time (particularly since we liked the bread so much!)

In decreasing order of preference: 
-Scallops with Butternut Squash and Apple Cider - the scallops were sweet and nicely seasoned, but the squash was overly salty
-Blue Crab Salad, Sardinian Cous Cous, Basil Pesto - there is a generous portion of crab provided with the dish; note that there is very little "salad" aspect if you are looking for some greens
-Roasted Chicken with Ricotta Gnocchi - tasty dish with lovely light gnocchi
-Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Shallots and Pecorino - very nice flavor, but I would have liked the sprouts to be a little softer
-Roasted Red Snapper, Saffron Potatoes, Fennel, Chorizo Nage - while the size of the fish was reasonable, I was not wild about the flavor of this dish.
We had reservations on Christmas Eve, as it was one of a handful of restaurants open that night.  We thought we would have a nice dinner before heading off to church in the Square.  We could even see the glow of the snowflakes under the street lights, as they felt onto the sidewalk. The decor was very minimal, wooden floors, granite tabletops and muted lighting, not to mention that it commands a stellar location, had all the makings of a great dining experience, however the pace at which the food came out and the waitress constantly hovering over us, really took the magic out of our evening. At first we thought the service was efficient and friendly, then we just realized they were trying to get us out the door the moment we sat down.

We were lucky enough to get a parking spot out front, the parking times were a bit confusing with the posted meter hours. Thankfully, there was a nice gentleman outside that sensed our confusion and explained it to us. We went inside to the hostess to confirm if he was indeed correct and she had no idea 'what the parking situation was" Really? It is the right outside your door! Has no one ever asked this question before?!  Granted, you can argue that we could have read the signs, evidently the gentleman next to us was just as confused. When he heard us talking about it, after we brought him up to speed, he ran out to tend to his meter. That's just poor attention to detail if you ask me, especially if she spends a good portion of the night staring out at the street ,as she did that night.

The plates are small and a smidge pricey for the quality.  The recommendation is to pick two plates per person, and I would have certainly say three would be a better choice, although you could get a three course meal elsewhere if you went that route!  The presentation was nice and clean, but nothing that was visually memorable.

We started off with the spiced lamb meatballs, the meat balls were 'chef boyardee' size, the flavors were nice but for $14, we were expecting a little larger portions, we were served 3 meatballs, it was almost silly to divide the third one in half to share! We had another starter, but for the life of me, I can't remember what it was (not a good sign!)

Then I had the braised rabbit with rye spaetzle and brussles sprouts, again the portion was small, but the flavors were nice, albeit a bit salty.  My husband had the roasted red snapper which he said was good, I tried it but again, I thought this was a little salty.

If a restaurant is going to be open for Christmas Eve, I think they should be all in; food, service, experience, not rush patrons out to get a quick buck, (since they close early) or don't make as many reservations.  
They were so eager to turn over our table, when we got our bill, they had already brought over our coats! (I don't even know how they knew which ones were ours without the number!) I'm a bit disappointed, but I'm glad that we didn't spend any money on dessert, they might have taken it away before we finished at the rate things were progressing. The food was ok, but not good enough for me to want to come back, the service was definitely not going to lure me back. We left hungry and disappointed.

Long story short, meh- I'm not feeling the love that everyone else has for this place.
My boo and I went to a new restaurant that opened in Rittenhouse Square recently called a.kitchen. Yelp reviewers gave it mixed reviews, so here's my take on it. I seldom order the least adventurous thing on a menu like most people do, so I decided against getting the pork belly risotto fritters. Instead, I ordered the razor clams for my appetizer and the leg of lamb for my entrée. The razor clams arrived four on a plate smothered with a healthy amount of garlic, herbs, and oil. The texture of the clams was like the stems of straw mushrooms and the garlic flavor was very strong and punchy. One Yelp reviewer complained that the food was bland. He must've eaten at a completely different restaurant because the food was anything but bland. The lamb was tender, juicy, and flavorful with a black olive chutney next to the radicchio for an extra kick. Perhaps by chance my dishes were the only ones with flavor in them. We sat next to a couple who complained about their meal the entire time they were there. The husband complained to his wife that the bread was stale (it was sourdough bread), questioned why there were three instead of four pieces of food on a sharing plate (did anyone ever teach him how to cut something in half?), and requested A1 steak sauce to go with his flank steak (never ask for A1 unless you're in a diner). Our drinks were comped because a.kitchen was still working on getting its liquor license, so while the restaurant can't legally sell alcohol, they can give it away for free. All in all, a good first experience. I look forward to more of the same.
Back for a 2nd visit last night.   Reservations at 7:30 on a Friday night for 4 of us.   Arrived early and had a great glass of wine at the bar while we waited.   The space is great and we had a very friendly server.   The food was GREAT.   We ordered 7 different plates and my favorites:
Asparagus with pecorino cream and egg - My favorite of the night - perfect balance 
Calamari with Chorizo meatballs - it seems they have changed from a tomato sauce to more of a tomato broth.  I preferred it more when it was a sauce 
Mushroom Crepes - they were delicious - rich and delicious 
Spaghetti with black pepper- tiny portion but delicious.  We ordered a 2nd plate it was so good.
Corkscrew with duck - loved the fava beans in this dish, didnt expect to enjoy this one but was one of my favorites.  

I didnt care for the Chicken Risotto - everyone agreed here.  Pass on this dish.  I also didnt care for a raw fish dish that was added last night.   Tasted fishy to me.   

We had several cocktails each and wine and shared a dessert at the end.  The total with tip was $240....I didnt think it was bad at all for a party of 4 - we ate well.
a. Kitchen lives up to the hype. This Rittenhouse Square eatery is filled with sunlight, flavorful food, and friendly vibes.  A meal here is such a rewarding experience.  Don't miss the Smoked Char on toast.  This is a very tasty appetizer.  The entrée of grilled chicken with sweet & sour eggplant was perfectly prepared - tender and succulent.  A nice oat streusel & apple pudding completed the meal.  Their wine list is equally impressive - especially when I saw several Austrian wines on the drink card and in talking with the sommelier I could tell she was enthusiastic about Austrian wines.  The wait staff was incredibly friendly and attentive.  Now all this does come at a price...a. Kitchen is not priced like your neighborhood diner.  But if you have a chance to splurge and want a feel-good meal, head to a. Kitchen!
We ordered the spiced cauliflower, the beets, and the grilled octopus but the beets were easily our favorite. Although I didn't try the octopus, my friends were happy with the dish. I especially enjoyed the chai to remember cocktail! It's perfect for anyone who prefers a sweeter drink.

Very cute. Very romantic. Date night kinda ambiance. Not the kind of place to roll into after a power yoga class but we made an impulsive decision and, well, SO glad we did! Plus, I miss my chai cocktail already.
was excited to try a. kitchen, but minus a star because portions are so small for the price per dish. although a.kitchen  claims to NOT be a tapas restaurant, asking patrons to order 2-3 dishes of small plates per person, at $14-$18 per plate begs the question....so what are you exactly? the food was actually very good, but for the three of us, among 8 main dishes, plus wine, and dessert- we left craving a good burger/hearty slice of pizza. the bill probably left room for just that actually. not that i am against paying a lot for good food, but when you have places like amada, which actually IS a tapas restaurant where you leave feeling full and satisfied (and probably pay less despite it being a garces` restaurant), it's hard to justify a place like a.kitchen.

some amazing dishes we had were the lobster muffins- large succulent pieces of lobster between two buttery slider-ish buns- you must order this! the foie gras, and the blue crab w/ pesto were also stars. i wasn't a fan of the pork (or beef??) tongue over lentils. i normally love lentils and have had pork & beef tongue before the but the lentils had a strange texture+flavor, and the tongue was a bit dry. i would skip this. the chocolate panna cotta was very, very good, as was the coffee at the end. 

it's a tasty place to try a few dishes, and i love the decor. very warm, simple, yet modern, with large windows that face 18th street (great for people watching).  a great place for a date in terms of atmosphere, but don't expect to get full.
The ambience is second to none.

The drinks are $12, yikes. But they are VERY good, and strong. Not the typical shlep somewhere else, these are real craft-drinks made in front of you.

Food was VERY good, although VERY small portions. We did the tapas, small plate thing.. the scallops are tremendous. Dont go here starving.

Sit at the bar, get a good view of the street, and the restaurant. Good ppl watching, and conversation here.
I was rather pleased with my meal from A.kitchen.  Service was on point, the space is small and fun and the food was prepared beautifully.

I met up with a family friend who will be moving to Philadelphia very soon.  She was in for work and then did some measurements to her new place.  She requested early dinner, near Rittenhouse.

We both began with a glass of rioja.  They have both 3 and 5 oz pours of wine (not sure who only wants 3oz of wine, but whatever)  They seem to have a very healthy bottle list. We started with the grilled halloumi and the roasted maitake mushrooms. Both were delicious and I highly recommend them. The mushrooms with the foam and polenta really blew me away.

For dinner we ordered the crab cakes and the lamb loin.  My lamb came a perfect medium (as requested) and the farro risotto was just plain delicious.  They didn't skimp on the crab cakes either though I didn't love the potato salad with it.  Even still, it was a lovely meal.

I was glad we got in early.  By around 6:30 the place started filling up and there wasn't an open seat in the house.  The mains were a touch small for the price tag but if you're with light eaters, and want some well thought out combinations, this is your place.
Best 4 bites I've had in a while! This place has a great location, and pretty good food.  They should definitely warn their patrons about the small plates. This place is more like an extremely expensive tapas place. Had they not served free liquor I'd probably be disappointed. 
Good thing I'm on a diet!
We had been excited to go to A.Kitchen for dinner for a couple of weeks.  Walking by, the restaurant looked fun and interesting.  We finally made it out there on a Friday Night for dinner.

Food: 3.0 stars
We ordered the: 
-Warm Burrata for appetizer
-Scallops and Shrimp
-Tagliatelle with Lamb Ragu
and
-New York Strip.... They at 9pm on a Friday night had RUN OUT OF STEAK! Instead we tried the...
-Leg of Lamb, Treviso and Black Olives

The Warm Burrata was not warm.  One of the two Scallops were under cooked and the Shrimp was few and far between.  The Pasta in the lamb ragu was grossly undercooked to the point where the center of the Tagilatelle was nearly uncooked.  The lamb was delicious but the plate lacked dynamics and only featured bitter flavors. AND... seriously you run out of NY Strip at a higher end restaurant? Poor form.


Service: 3.0 stars
People were floating around throughout the restaurant but it seemed like they weren't doing anything.  Drinks took a while to come out and service was not great but not poor.  The restaurant needs to be more cohesive in its service and work to go the extra mile without being noticeable to everyone.

Location: 4.5 stars
Great location North of Rittenhouse Park on 18th Street.

Ambiance: 4.0 stars
The restaurant is very small and had to sacrifice indoor seating for the external kitchen and bar space.  Luck for them, they also have tables outside on the sidewalk.  The decor is clean and well done.

Price: 3.0 stars
Depending on how many drinks you have, expect to pay $30-50 per person.


Overall: 3.0 stars
The undercooked pasta was inexcusable.  The fact that they didn't have steak was unbelievable.  For a restaurant which flashes moments of high end gourmet cuisine in its dishes, the general experience falls short because of the issues with preparation and service.  

There are definitely better places to go at this price point.  A.Kitchen better make some changes/improvements because it will have to rely solely on its good location in the near future to maintain business at a high level.
My favorite thing about a.kitchen was sitting at the counter right by the kitchen!! I loved watching the chefs cook all of the food and decorate each plate meticulously as it was sent out.

The atmosphere overall is cozy and dimly lit, perfect for a date night! It was a warm night so they had all of their front windows open and seats outside which I loved.

The food was very good but he portions were small and the price tags were big. My boyfriend and I split the cape cod muscles for an appetizer and then had the sea scallops and duck breast for dinner. The duck breast was delicious!!!!! But, there just wasn't enough of it. Although we left feeling satisfied we were hungry again just a few short hours later. 

Oh, and the cocktails although strong were also both small and expensive. Everything is good, small and expensive.
nothing but LOVE for A.kitchen.  went here for lunch the other day and was greatly impressed with the vegan-ness of the portobello sandwich.  

i arrived and it was POURING rain - the staff quickly got my coat and umbrella and sat us immediately.  

They had soy milk for coffee, knew what vegan meant and completely veganized the sandwich (even went so far as to change the bread without me asking- GREAT TOUCH!!!)  and they had dessert options though i was so full i didn't want a dessert.  They also made me a vegan salad as an appetizer with tahini.  

would def come back here!
My friend and I stopped in to a.kitchen for an early dinner tonight and were excited we were able to walk in and sit down without a wait! 

First off, this is not somewhere I would suggest coming to for an "experience." I was not overly impressed with the decor and the place is small. My intent was to have a great meal with a friend and it delivered completely. 

We ordered the cheese plate first which would probably be the only "eh" part of the meal. SUPER small amount for the price tag. I would skip even though it was delicious.

The rest of our portions were so big and I was so surprised. We were told we probably needed about 5 plates between the two of us and we absolutely could have each gotten a salad and shared one plate and had been full. No worries! We got to try more things and they were all delicious. 

My friend and I both got the Baby Arugula Salad, Shaved Mushrooms, Bresaola with Lemon Vinaigrette which was potentially one of the best salads I have had in the city. Salty, light and filling all at the same time. SO SO GOOD. 

We shared the Roasted Red Snapper with Saffron Potatoes, Fennel, Chorizo Nage and the Blue Crab Salad with Sardinian Cous Cous, Basil Pesto which were both awesome as well. The snapper was seasoned perfectly and the blue crab was ice cold and they did not skimp on the crap part whatsoever. Nothing worse than a luke warm, mayonaise-y blue crab salad. 

We went on to share the Roasted Chicken with Ricotta Gnocchi and by this time we were super full but still kept picking! The chicken was tender and the gnocchi and other little nibbles on the plate were delicious. I would recommend this as a whole meal for someone as well. 

We also had a plate of the Spaghetti Carbonara which I would say was a super small portion and could have done without it based on fullness and because it was just so-so.

All in all I can't wait to go back here. The service was not lacking, the food rocked and the location perfect. Yum!
So we decided to go somewhere else. A.kitchen is new, and Jah forbid Rittenhouse have a new eatery that we haven't tried. My party was off to A.kitchen. 
Oh Christ, it's small plates. Que the panic. How many do I get? Can i just get my own, I really don't like to share. What is everyone else getting? Is it weird if we order the same dish? I see there are three categories, are you supposed to get one of each. 

Small plates dysfunction my nerves. 

The waiter calmed me a little by recommending an excellent glass of wine. I did not let on about my uncertainty, but listened politely as he explained some of the dishes. I had to admit they were creative and appealing sounding. 

I bravely ordered chicken risotto and saffron potato's from their respective list. 
The food was great, but the potato's came out well before the chicken. I was stuck eating a plate of potato's by itself. Apparently this is where the sharing thing comes in handy. 

All in all, the food was very good and the service was great. I will go back. This time I will be prepared, but I'm still not sharing.
Our dinner here was superb. My steak with cauliflower, mushrooms and bearnaise sauce was done perfectly. The roast chicken had nice crispy skin. We started with the gnocchi which was to die for. So soft and pillowy. Probably one of the best I've had in the city. Dessert was just ok, nothing too special. 

Food aside my only negative comment is that we were seated at the corner of the chef's counter and during our entire meal, it felt like we were the forgotten child. No bread was served until we asked. We weren't given an outline of the menu even though it was our first time. The service switched a few times. One of the servers poured me some wine that spilled but didn't attempt to clean up. Little things like that dropped it from a five star meal to a four. Hopefully our next time will be better.
I visited during restaurant week and was glad that there were varied choices for vegetarians on the menu.  I know the  menu changes frequently but the veggies choices I experienced were delicious. 

The ricotta and chive dumplings had amazing flavor and my main dish of squash with falafel stuffing was creative and very enjoyable! I love when restaurants come up with new ways to do vegetarian dishes! 

Pleasant dining experience with pleasant service.
This was one of the few Restaurant Week dinners where I've walked away feeling like I just spent double the price. The website boasted one thing, but when we arrived, we were pleasantly surprised to be able to pick from way more options off their regular menu.  So reviewing the menu ahead of time and going in with a game plan was shot to hell once there was more to choose from.

There were 4 of us and we were sat at one of the booths.  Ambiance is lovely/trendy/low-lit.  Definitely on the smaller side, but I didn't mind, minus having to gradually increase our volume to talk over the crowd (the women who sat next to us did though, as they requested to move away from us gals having a good time and catching up over some wine, albeit a little bit on the loud side).

We obviously jumped on the wine pairing to go with our meals, and SO happy we did.  My prosecco was the best I've had in recent past and the Malbec they paired with my entree was divine.

Now, on to the food:

Apps: rock shrimp salad / sweet gem lettuce / chive + ricotta dumplings
Entrees: simply grilled fish (salmon) / steak / duck confit
Desserts: apple cake / chocolate + pb cake

Everything was FANTASTIC. The shrimp salad was as crisp as could be with that crunchy celery root.  The dumplings were decadent and heavy like a cheesy gnocchi, but much more elevated and swimming in an addicting sauce.  I got SO many, too.  I didn't try the gem lettuce but it was well received.  My duck confit was heavenly (and I'm picky with this dish).  All the sides/sauces (and that velvety Malbec), combined with that crispy, gamey duck, had the best party of their life in my mouth.  I tried a bite of the steak and that was the perfect medium rare and seasoned so well.  My favorite part of that dish, however, were those fluffy golden nuggets that were akin to biscuits, but if biscuits were filled with mashed potatoes and cheese?  Amazing.  My friend also loved her salmon.

Dessert was just okay, I've had much better apple desserts elsewhere, but that dulce de leche whipped cream was a nice touch.  The chocolate cake was VERY rich, but the peanut butter was a really great addition.

Service was okay.  Both the hostess and our server were passably affable, but seemed to be annoyed with our questions re: the wine flights/pairings, etc. and it felt a little cold/distant, TBH.  The crowd is definitely a little more uppity, too.

I would come back just for that duck if it was on the menu.
a.kitchen was one of those places it took us forever to try, even though we walk by all the time, but we're so glad we finally did. More often than not, we just pop in for a drink and snack at the bar. They do wine, beer, and cocktails well, so you can't go wrong, whichever your preference. A few drinks and a cheese plate or appetizer at the bar hit the spot on our walk home from work. 

In addition to our bar experiences, we truly enjoyed our one dinner here so far. We ordered a bunch of dishes to share, and our server was pleasantly flexible in negotiating how to course them, as well as leaving us the freedom to order more as we went along rather than having to decide on everything at once. Some of the dishes we tried include scallops with blood orange, asparagus with shitake, beets and goat cheese, chili shrimp, and venison. The venison and scallops were especially memorable. I love that their menu changes so often; those particular dishes are long gone, replaced by new dishes we look forward to trying. I find the wine by the glass selection here to be one of my favorites in town; the Morgon and Chinon were both perfect food-friendly wines with dinner. We also had an amazing dessert wine, Barolo Chinato, paired with our chocolate panna cotta. 

From the outside, I had imagined a.kitchen to be a bit more casual. I'm not necessarily disappointed to find that it was fancier than I expected, it just means it's more in "special occasion" territory when it comes to dinner. It was absolutely worth it, though, and we will definitely be back.
We made a reservation for a Monday night, but we definitely did not need it. They had a wonderful wine selection, and we split a bottle of red. The food was good, but the price of everything would be my main barrier to coming here. They have a nice venue, with a few tables outside in view of Rittenhouse Square. They left the windows open as it was a warm summer night. 

For appetizers we got the Heirloom Tomato, Chive + Ricotta Dumplings, and the Donut Peach "Waldorf." They were all magnificent, but the dumplings were definitely my favorite. Great portions for sharing. 

For my main dish, I got the half chicken with corn pudding and chanterelle mushrooms. It was cooked perfectly, and the flavors were all there. I would definitely recommend although the dishes my companions got were also magnificent.
party of 5, 9:30 sunday evening - no trouble securing a table 

nice bottle list and decent selection of cocktails, beers, spirits
for some reason we all chose the same cocktail - so a round of moscow mules it was - the combination of ginger beer, vodka and lime was refreshing - the bar area stayed pleasantly active throughout the evening

a.kitchen is a warmly intimate space in a spare/minimalist sort of way - open kitchen, no frivolous decor, bare tables, etc

we ordered various dishes, a special request was accommodated and we found everything lovely - scallops with meyer lemon and endive, smoked octopus, cacio e pepe, gnocchi with saddle of rabbit, swordfish with black olives/white beans 
my favorite was the swordfish - i would have liked 17 more 

we tried some desserts as well - a cinnamon ice cream, a goat-cheesecake, and shortbread with lemon curd - all lovely again
most of the table wasn't crazy about the goat cheesecake, but i liked it

service was attentive and gracious
portions are small, but well-executed and perfect for sharing, or not
This place is perfect for wealthy skinny people.  Unfortunately, I'm neither wealthy nor particularly skinny (I have way too large of an appetite to have an ideal BMI), so this restaurant is not a place I will visit often.  However, the brunch I had there was delicious (shrimp and grits) ... not too generous on the carbs (again, targeting the skinny people) but was made of fresh ingredients and had wonderfully balanced flavors, and the ambiance was chic.  I would recommend this place to the health conscious, portion-watching crowd in the Rittenhouse area, but if you're hoping to leave the restaurant feeling full, you'll probably need to order more than one dish.
Brunch was good, but a little overpriced for what you get. I went with the traditional eggs benedict and really loved the housemade english muffin. It made up for the lack of homefries. The hollandaise was spot on, though, and the eggs cooked correctly. My bloody mary was fresh and tasty, if a little heavy on the horseradish for my taste.

My companion got the steel cut oats and a side of eggs. She said had she not gotten the eggs as well, she would have left hungry. It was a pretty small bowl of oats.
Everything was tasty, but on the expensive side for the portions. However, sitting with the windows open on a nice Sunday morning, having made reservations in advance through Open Table, does make up for this a bit just from the sheer convenience. I doubt I'd do brunch here again unless I was going to be in the area and had an agenda to stick to (we were going to a bridal expo at the Sheraton at noon).

Service was friendly and the coffee was good.
This was my favorite meal in Philly last week. I went because of Yelp, also it has a great location - just off the Rittenhouse Square. Sit at the Chef's Bar if you are a group of three or less, you can see all the action. 

Beets & Broccoli was just okay, could use a little more flavor. The Honey Yogurt was just that: some honey on one side of the plate and yogurt on the other.

However, the other two dished I tried: Blue Crab with Farro Salad and the Almond Macaroons were amazing. I can't stop thinking about the simple, refreshing, perfectly complimentary flavors that made up these dishes. 

I'm not sure why Yelp says just wine & beer.  I tried the Renata (Tequila, Rum, Cointreau, Maraschino, Lemon). I like the description better than the actual drink.
Wanted to love . . . only kind of liked.  The food is all fine - not excellent, but pleasant enough . . . .just not pleasant enough for the price tag.  Go with light eaters; if you don't, there won't be much for you to eat!
A sophisticated restaurant that, alongside the adjacent a.bar and aka Rittenhouse Square hotel, is part of quite a budding lifestyle-brand empire. 

As for a.restaurant, the "power lunch" is a good way to sample their offerings at a good value. It comes with an appetizer-sized serving of either salad, seafood ("fruits of the sea"), or veggies ("of the season"), plus an entrée selection. 

I chose the beets a la grecque, accented with blueberry, olives, and goat cheese, which were a pleasant way to start the meal. The salmon on rye, accompanied with cucumber, cloumage, and soft egg, was quite a savory dish, with none of the fishy taste you'd see with low-quality ingredients. 

The restaurant is a fairly compact, bar-sized venue that seats about a dozen people at a counter wrapping around the food prep area, plus another 20-30 people at tables overlooking the street. I stopped by late in the lunch cycle and while the hostess was on top of her game, the waitress, while certainly getting most of the professional touches right, was clearly unenthusiastic about serving another customer. Sometimes experiences like these can leave a bit of a sour taste on what was otherwise quite a good meal.
Nom nom. what can I say. 

Top eats:
-kale salad (better then it sounds)
-hamachi
-side of mushrooms
-spice cauliflower 
-wagyu steak
On a Saturday evening my friend and I easily secured two seats at the very spacious and comfortable bar. 

We shared the smoked onion soup with burrata, grilled octopus, and the chenin blanc per the bartender's solid recommendation. Although tasty, we felt the onion soup could be improved by replacing the charred onion ring with sweet, caramelized onions. The grilled octopus was excellent: the combination of smoky octopus, tart yogurt, bitter endives, and sweet potatoes left nothing to be desired. 

After paying, I found myself puzzled over how my wallet suddenly became so much lighter. Still, the grilled octopus was delicious, and I am looking forward to trying the grilled albacore on my next visit.
Hands-on best service i've ever received at a restaurant.  The wait staff was always there when you needed them, gone when you didn't.  I think there was more staff than customers while we were there.  Our primary waitress was so awesome, it was actually fun to ask her for recommendations.  Great descriptions and accurate, not trying to sell us the most expensive entrees.  Right up front this probably should be a 5 star review, but some of the small plates were chipped, so i'm taking the last star away.  Really, when i'm spending close to $200 for our meals, you can afford to not serve on a chipped plate.  The spicy cauliflower was not too spicy and incredibly juicy.  Perfect way to start the meal.  MsD ordered Branzini and it was cooked and flavored perfectly.  I had the scallops and again, couldn't ask for anything better.  The crab and  salad were both incredible.  Flavored to perfection and not too much.  The only thing we didn't care for were the mushrooms, but as much as anything else we just didn't have room to finish them.  We did save some room for desert and the pound cake was divine.  Awesome coffee as well.  Just a fantastic meal!

Eli Kulp has done a great job training his staff to describe food and cater to his customers.  We hear he is still in the hospital from the Amtrak disaster so we'll keep him in our prayers.  Can't wait to go back to the A.Kitchen!
I came here Friday evening with a couple friends around 9 or 10 pm. We were looking for a good cocktail and drink bar and we totally found it!

The bar is quite small (seats only 7-8) but is a beautiful white marble. The bartenders (Tara and another I didn't catch her name) are attentive, approachable, and make some great cocktails. They're there when you need them and want to chat and off to do other things when you want to just hang out with friends. My friends and I closed down the place and had a great time talking with the bartenders and ordering on and off menu cocktails. 

Everything we ordered well balanced and tasted very, very good. There were a couple bartender's choice drinks that were REALLY good. You could tell the care and deliberate measures taken to ensure a well made drink whether it was using measuring tools, peeling zest, using droplets for the bitters, using the cocktail shaker and of course, dipping a new straw to taste each drink to ensure it was made the way it was intended to taste.

Definitely will be back to taste the food, but the bartenders are awesome!
Review is of the cheddar and bacon burger on house made English muffin, and was take out.

GREAT burger! The quality of the meat was good and the sauce that they use was great. It came extra rare, which I LOVED!

This inst really a big or hearty burger like Whiskey Village or Rouge but damn if it wasn't tasty. I'll be having more of these. Probably my favorite burger in Rittenhouse.
I've walked past this place a hundred times and have always said to myself that I need to stop in and check it out.  I finally stopped in after a comedy show on a Saturday evening and sat right at the bar.  The bartender was very friendly and very helpful in making cocktail and wine recommendations.  

As for food, we ordered the wild mushroom tart and the softshell crab dish.  The softshell crab dish was amazing.  There was just enough breading to still taste the crab and it was seasoned very well.  The tart was also very good.

This place is a little expensive, as 2 small plates and 2 drinks runs about $50 with tip, but a great experience nonetheless.
We were wandering by when we noticed this new restaurant. Seemed busy, the menu looked interesting, so why not? We sat at the chef's counter, which turned out to be a happy mistake - it took us 20 minutes to figure out which few of all the great looking dishes we should order!! The food was terrific, the show spectacular (Val was really fun to watch as he calmly conquered the evening rush), and the staff and managers very friendly. We'd been told by the server about (and could see) portion size, so we ordered 4 plates - all were superb. As an owner of a restaurant myself, I can testify to the skill of this team, putting out a really quality experience after only a week of operation. Good show, mates!
This review is purely about their lunch special. Had pleasant experience there. Their lunch special is great deal. Big portion and great service. I had smoked charr flat bread and Tuna. Hubby got steak tartare and octopus.  I liked my tuna a lot. They served 3 huge chunk of tuna pieces. I have big portion but this satisfied me :-) Smoked char, I normally love this dish but this one was too salty. Couldn't really taste fish be cause it was too picked. 

I did not enjoy hubby's tartar, raw meat was very chunky, piece was too big for steak tartar but hubby enjoyed it. Octopus was my favorite dish there. 
Chef must love pickle so much. Our dish was full of prickly flavor. I love them so had no problem.
came here for lunch with a friend, we showed up right before the lunch rush so the restaurant was pretty much empty. we were happy to have gotten there first because we thought that meant our food would come out first...we were so wrong. They didn't even bother to bring us bread until 20 minutes after we had ordered our food, by which time three other tables that were sat 10 mins after we got there not only already finished their bread but also got their food. By the time my appetizer came, the tables who were sat after us were finishing their meals! 

And what was this painfully complicated appetizer that took 30 mins to make? the warmed burrata...which ironically was as cold as if it just came out of the fridge. The waiter then took it back to the kitchen to warm it up and when it came back the burrata was room temperature. Nevertheless we attempted to eat it, maybe the chef was having an off day but the citrus reduction paired with the cheese tasted like dish detergent making the whole thing almost inedible. I'm not a picky eater, and neither is my friend, who also thought the sauce tasted like household cleaning product, and we were so hungry we would've settled for cheese out of a can by this point, the dish was THAT bad. Since by this point we had already been sitting for an hour and our entrees were still no where to be seen, we spoke to the manager who was courteous enough to cancel our orders and we quickly skipped over to rouge for a real meal.

will not be returning and you could not pay me to eat that pine-sol flavored burrata dish again.
a. beet salad full of soft, oozing red beets seated on a large fluffy cloud of airy, semi-sweet mascarpone.
+
a. glass of the smoothest pinot noir.
+
a. bowl of 5 large, luscious, juicy shrimp speckled with black pepper, swimming in a cool sea of saffron broth with soft tomato pieces, and topped with spicy tortilla strips.
+
a. small plate of chopped chilled asparagus resting complacently on a bed of creamy orange puree.
=
a. wonderful meal.
Decent brunch, underwhelmed by the food for the price.

Coffee was VERY strong, didn't finish a whole cup.

We got an English muffin egg and cheese sandwich, which was good but not great, eggs Benedict which again was good but not great, and the mushroom scrapple which was bland and more of a cornmeal cake with mushroom than it was scrapple. 

On the positive side the food came out fairly quickly.

Will not be returning.
Great Restaurant, Small so can get quite busy.  Make reservations or be prepared to wait.   Food is amazing and changes every day, try to sit at the high table around the kitchen so you get to see everything.   desserts are very good and service is great!
Went here during restaurant week so the price was great ($35 for a 4 course meal). The first two courses were the mushroom toast and fried sweetbread plates which were mediocre..not something I'd go back for. However, the flank steak was delicious! It was tender and juicy with a great wine sauce. The apple tart dessert was also tasty. 

Service was great and the atmosphere is what makes it appealing. It's a great location which is why I may go back for drinks, but I won't be paying full price for the food anytime soon.
It's a shame. Food was decent. Hostess was extremely pretentious. For such a small restaurant it's amazing how long things take to get to you. Wouldn't recommend or go back.
I arrived at the downtown hotel early and was hungry for a nice breakfast.  Yelp, guided me to a.kitchen and I couldn't have been happier with what I was about to experience.

As it was just little 'ol me, I was asked by the hostess if I wanted to sit up at the chef's table, a counter-style area facing the open kitchen.  Seemed like a good suggestion to me!

The server, Lee, was there promptly with water and asked if I wanted coffee.  Yes, please - this came quickly and was very good, as were the frequent refill offers.

I looked at the menu while watching one of the chef's at work in the kitchen.  My pick for breakfast?  Eggs Benedict - a classic and since they said they make their hollandaise sauce fresh, I had to try it.  As a side note, their muffins are freshly made in-house too, and they are fantastic.

By the time my eggs arrived, another chef was in the kitchen and since they weren't too busy, both were very responsive to my few questions and requests (another small tub of hollandaise sauce, please!?).  It was a Saturday morning around 11am and I was, by this time, the only one at the counter-seating, so I thought questions were ok.......

The Benedict was superb, the muffin perfect and the ham very well cooked.  The hollandaise was outstanding atop the perfectly poached eggs.

Love the decor of the place, the chef's table/counter seating, the menu and the service.  These things, as well as being a short walk from our downtown hotel, will be bringing me back - probably soon and maybe for dinner too, this time!
New chef and menu are in place. The service is great but I was not blown away by the food- we started with a bread basket which consisted of four different "seasonal" rolls - personally I would have been happier with simple french bread- the selection of bread was a little strange so I suggest asking before you order this item to see whether it is appealing.  As to the food the best item we ordered were the smoked mussels. We also had the sea bream which was good but nothing earth shattering, with a few vegetable sides that were enjoyable but again nothing that made me want to rush back. Its pretty expensive as most of these small plates restaurants are, so I really have to be impressed to want to pay those kind of prices. Overall I'm not planning to come back as there are other places in the neighborhood I like better.
Got take out from here during the time of COVID for restaurant week. An overall good experience. 

First called a bit earlier to confirm that it was actually happening. Very nice person on the phone was very helpful in telling me how to order pickup on Doordash. Doordash initially said it was going to take 90min but it was ready within 45min which was a nice surprise. Parking around a.kitchen was a bit of a pain but pickup was easy and socially distanced. Everything was packed very nicely. 

Got a bunch of random things. The crab croquettes were unfortunately the low point of the meal. Not very crispy on the outside and a bit just non descript and mushy on the inside. Flavor was good though and it came with some nice pickles on the side. Also had the cold watermelon soup which was delicious! A surprising kick of spice too and nice and creamy. Also had the stuffed squash. The hummus on the side was great but the squash itself was a bit undercooked/stiff unfortunately. Final appetizer was the Lancaster beets which were excellent! A very refreshing mix of veggies. For entrees we had the sword fish and half a chicken. The chicken was so juicy and tender, even the breast meat. The swordfish itself was a bit lackluster but the chorizo that it was served on was great. For dessert we had honey panna cotta which was very rich and creamy and a brownie type thing covered in toasted sesame seeds which was fine. 

Overall a good experience with many stand out dishes. Definitely give them a try!
Flavorful spaghetti nero. Tender beef hangar steak with tasty sauce and greens. Delivered quickly. Was transferred to a recently vacant table with shade on our request. Drinks slightly lacking. But overall good food and good service.
A.kitchen is my absolute go-to for breakfast or brunch. I've only done dinner here once and I was not disappointed.

I am a VERY frequent flyer here and I have to be honest, I have had a FANTASTIC experience each and every time!

First, I really love the simple decor and the fact that its not big. It's definitely very intimate.  I also really love that there is an option to sit and eat right in front of the cooks! The waiters and waitresses here are really nice which always adds to a good experience...the same goes for the manager who is also a very nice and polite man.

So the main reason why I love this place so much is because it is ALWAYS consistent.  Consistency with always having good food and good service makes me always come back for more.

Regardless of what you're ordering to eat, make sure you do not deprive yourself of the english muffins they have. OH MY GOSH.....hand's down the BEST english muffin ever.  

Try the cheesesteak, its so delicious!  They just added a new item to the menu which is the turkey, bacon, and cole slaw sandwhich. YUM.  Comes with the chips too and its filling but not overbearing.

EDIT:  I have to agree with the others, there is a hostess there who really either needs to a. be fired or b. taught social skills because she is not very welcoming and potentially putting off some customers.
The steel cut oatmeal with dried cherries and granola is amazing. Perfect sweetness from the granola, the oatmeal itself is served warm. I ordered Rittenhouse breakfast with scrambled eggs. Instead of home fries, I substituted it with High Street bread. That meal comes with a choice of a side order and I chose roasted escarole. 

Scrambled eggs: it has a creamy texture and basically melts in your mouth. 

Bread: very light and moist. It's a potato sourdough bread from their sister store High Street. I asked mine untoasted. I believe it's better because I noticed there's burnt grilled marks on others. It's served in 4 slices, which are more than enough.

Roasted escarole. It's greasy and spicy, so it's not a perfect accompaniment for my breakfast. That's why I took down one star.

Home fries: I had a bite of my husband's. It's very crispy with herb seasoning. Very good. 

I recommend making reservations especially for weekends because it can be crowded.

Service: great service. The chef and waitress gave me good explanation on the menu item. Very friendly.
Came here with friends on restaurant week and we had a great time! Love the inside - and the open kitchen! The menu had great options and we tried almost everything and loved it all! The shrimp salad was soo good! I had the duck entree and it was wonderful! The chocolate marquis cake was amazing, and I'm not a big dessert fan! Overall, a great meal!
Outstanding food, superb cooking and presentation.  Nice ambience and great location in the swanky part of downtown Philly.  The whole branzino and chicken entrees were cooked to perfection.  Our server Amanda was wonderful.  Eat here!
I came here for Sunday breakfast with my wife. The ambience is classy and modern. The table seating area is not large but there are two counter seating areas as well. The kitchen is exposed with gives this place a nice charming touch. The service is topnotch. We were greeted immediately and seated quickly. The server brought water and coffee within 2 minutes. We both ordered the omelettes.  The omelette came with a delicious soft cheese. The omelette does not come with any other fillings, but I asked for onions and peppers. The omelette came with mixed greens. The meal was a good portion. It was a bit pricey at $16, but the omelette was pretty tasty. The coffee was good too. We got a side of smoked bacon (4 slices for $5) which was very good. The breakfast for two came to about $45, which is typically higher than I'd like to spend on breakfast. But the energy in the place was nice, and we enjoyed our food and time there. I would recommend this place for a decent meal with a classy atmosphere.
A lot has been said about this place, but simply put: it's good.  The food is good; the ambiance is good; the service is good; and it's obvious a lot of thought went into preparing the menus.  Yes, it's a little expensive than other choices, but it's also a little nicer than other choices and the attention to detail means it's incredibly rare to find anything disappointing.

It's not a bargain, and the portion sizes aren't huge, but surely a classy and tasty restaurant, in which it is a pleasure to dine and which presents a variety of interesting options has it's place in the rich pantheon of Rittenhouse Square restaurants.  I suspect I'll be back more than once, never ordering the same thing twice.
Went to a.kitchen last night with 3 coworkers and had an amazing dinner. I loved the decor as soon as I walked in and felt the space of the restaurant was very inviting - I even got a slightly log-cabbiny smell from the wood interior (in a good-make-you-feel-cozy kind of way)

We shared 3 dishes from each part of the menu:
Vegetables, etc:
Frisee Salad - everything a salad should be with bacon and hash browns
Warm Burata - a savory hunk of yummy cheese
Mushroom Croquettes - crunchy on the outside and gooey mushroominess in the middle
Fish:
Blue Crab Salad - simply amazing
Salmon and Caramelized Leeks - I stole all the leeks to eat for myself
Chorizo Stuffed Calamari - slightly spicy in a thick tomato sauce
Meat:
Duck Confit - which was actually duck confit en terrine? a bit confusing but the taste was good
BBQ Rib-Eye Skewers - my favorite dish of the night....I would have licked the sauce of the plate if I wasn't with my coworkers
Chicken with Albarino Sauce - my least favorite of the night but nicely cooked with a decadent sauce
Desserts:
Almond Macaroons - enormous and perfectly chewy
Shortbread with Lemon Curd - like eating homemade cookies right out of the oven
Chocolate Torte - thick and rich and oh-so-good

Expect to pay at least $50/person for dinner and a drink, but considering the amount of food we ate and the quality of the dishes, I think it is worth every penny.

My only complaint is about the attentiveness of the wait staff....our waiter was prompt to take our order and our food was delivered in a reasonable time, but twice we had to flag down the waiter to order wine and once we didn't quite listen and brought the wrong order. I'm hoping its just a few bumps to smooth out as this new restaurant proves itself as a contender on the Philly small plate scene.
This is not a place to go to for that large dinner that you can spend time savoring and enjoying. That said, the food is quite good and I would definitely go back when in the area. While some may say the portions are small, I think they are the right size if you are trying to cut down on the calories. Prices are a bit high, however.

I had the Slow Roasted Carrots, which were quite good, along with the Pork Bolognese. Nice serving here, but not a chance of asking for anything to be wrapped to take home. My wife had the Scallops over scramble eggs, something I woould never have expected.The portion size was just right but then she only weighs 98 lbs.

Next time we will sit back by the kitchen to watch the action but the table gives you a great view of the street and activity out there.
Meh. I'm adding a.kitchen to my growing list of Rittenhouse restaurants that are overpriced and overrated. No egregious violations here--the food was decent, the service was okay, and the decor was nice. But I prefer to have my mind (and taste buds) blown when I drop this much cash at a restaurant, and suffice it to say, I left a. kitchen with my head still very much intact. 

Expect to order two plates if you're hungry. The menu changes frequently, I'm told, but last night, we sampled the spaghetti bolognese, pasta carbonara, cheese plate, lamb loin and octopus. All were just fine, with the octopus (thick, well-seasoned tentacles) being the best of the bunch. Drinks are also more expensive than they should be (there's no reason you should pay $7 for a bottle of Bell's Oberon, even if it is one of the most refreshing summer beers around). 

No plans on going back to a.kitchen anytime soon, unless someone else is paying. After a mediocre dinner experience, we didn't even bother with dessert and headed over to Insomnia Cookies for a mint chocolate chip cookie instead.
I will be forever grateful for a.kitchen. It came through when I needed it most. A dinner reservation fell through on a very important night, and my fiancé and I were left stranded at 8:30pm on a temperate Saturday night. We wanted something night -- not a pub, but nothing too high-end either. Scurrying around Rittenhouse Square, I began to lose hope. I was fervently Googling and trying to make sense of the results -- a serious undertaking when famished. Host after host uttered those three little words: "we're fully committed", my heart sinking time after time. But when we walked up to a.kitchen, they said if we'd be okay eating on the sidewalk, they had one table available. We immediately secured it and proceeded to have a really lovely night. The food and drinks here are creative and delicious -- it all feels fairly upscale while remaining approachable. Not only did a.kitchen come through in the clutch for us, but they impressed us at every turn. 

I grew up in Philly but currently live in Manhattan, so this was my first entry into the COVID-adapted restaurant scene here. In general, the outdoor seating setups here have been very well executed, at least in this part of the city. Most places have sidewalk seating plus more covered seating, as well as their indoor setups. While I suppose sidewalk in the least desirable, it was plenty nice for us (being desperate didn't hurt). Heat lamps abound and kept us warm even as it got a bit chilly later on in the night. 

One of the main attractions for me at a.kitchen was the drink menu . When it comes to mixology, the weirder and funkier, the better. a. kitchen has really a magnificent array of cocktails, all perfectly executed. Between us, we tried the Total Landscaping (yogurt-washed bluecoat gin, rosemary, lemon, pamplemousse, fino sherry, green chartreuse), the Tune Squad (12 yr aged rum, carrot + lemon juice, honey maple, cinnamon, curry bitters), The Botanist + Tonic (botantist gin, preserved lemon, chamomile, tonic, mint) the It's Tee Time Somewhere (apple brandy, rye, amontillado sherry, honey
walnut liqueur, angostura + orange bitters) and the El Legado de Jerez (oloroso sherry, preserved lemon, spiced demerara syrup
cinnamon infused px sherry, egg white) -- yes, that's basically the entire menu and I'm proud of it. I would say the Total Landscaping and the Tune Squad were the two stunners of the night, and the El Legado de Jerez is a great option for those looking for a lower ABV drink. But honestly, all of them were great at the very least.

Food-wise, a.kitchen boasts an equally creative dinner menu. We didn't end up eating until around 9, so unfortunately they were out of an item I was very much looking forward to, but what we did have was fantastic. Really imaginative, complex but not pretentious, seasonal and delicious stuff. Please go the sharing route here (if your party is down, of course), you will not be disappointed. Eats, below: 

1/2 Dozen Mystic Oysters w/ black lime + jalapeño mignonette, charred lemon: A
Really nice touch adding the mignonette. I'll eat oysters in all the different ways -- citrus, spice, whatever condiments you want to throw my way, I'm probably game. So this was a fun addition and worked beautifully. 

Golden Beets w/ garlic yogurt, shaved artichokes, sorghum, red endive: A
Beautifully presented and super tasty. The ingredients all blended nicely together, and thoughtful and innovative take on a beet-salad-with-some-sort-of-yogurt-sauce. 

Spring Greens w/ gem lettuce, watercress, green garlic, peppercorn buttermilk: A
This was all about that peppercorn buttermilk dressing. Light and healthy (relatively) but still quite flavorful.

Swiss Chard + Potato Gnocchi mushroom ragout, capriano romano, crispy potato: A+
I don't typically do pasta but I make exceptions for dishes like these. This one blew both of us away. I have never liked gnocchi in my life but everything about this dish just worked. Rich, wintry vibes. The mushroom ragout I would eat straight and could make an entire meal out of it.

Octopus Lyonnaise w/ bacon lardons, soft-boiled egg, frisée, trout roe: A+
This one bordered on wacky but it somehow just worked. One could say there was too much going on here and perhaps they'd be right, but too much in this case was just enough. Sure, a lot happened, but not in a discordant way. All components were delicious. And I am a sucker for roe.

Éclat Chocolate Tahini Cake (GF): A+ 
Another unusual occurrence for me: dessert. If I could eat one dessert for the rest of my life, it would be a gluten free tahini chocolate cake. I'm a sucker for baked goods with tahini. It just adds such a rich, savory and somewhat nutty element to a preparation but in a subtle way. My fiancé is not gluten free, but he was blown away by it too. That's saying something.
With your first look at the menu, it's disappointing to see that you have to pay for bread that is usually complimentary at nice restaurants. We decided to get it anyway because if you're going to pay for it, it better be good! The little box of four rolls did not disappoint. There was a charcoal lavender roll (the unanimous favorite), cheddar, sesame, and an unmemorable one. The homemade butter was so soft, smooth, and creamy. Was it worth $6? Probably not, but it was my birthday and I wanted some damn bread. 

We ordered a bunch of small plates and shared family style. We started with the charcoal scallops, which were tender and nice. The portions are as small as everyone says though. Next we got the duck breast, which was cooked perfectly and flavorful. I was concerned it was taste "overly Asian" because of the xo sauce and sesame, but it surprisingly wasn't. We shared the crispy whole sea bass, which was delicious. We couldn't pass up dessert since we were celebrating, so we got the ice cream (the malted flavor was my favorite) and a chocolate dessert that came out with a candle. They were all decadent. 

It's one of those meals where the portions are small and you're afraid you'll be hungry, but surprisingly you aren't. So then you think you ordered reasonably, but then you get the bill and you're like "Oh, well, not that reasonable." I'm glad we waited for an occasion to come here.
Went here for a special little birthday dinner last night and I must say, I loved it. Warm service, warm food, warm ambiance, and warm company in the cold of the winter is always comforting. The cold dishes were pretty good, too!

A small restaurant with small plates. Cozy, really. Lots of woods and dim lighting really set the mood. I'm sure that during the day, the big windows let a lot of sunlight onto the floor. The service was extra friendly, quick to help and explain, even with my especially lively group.

Quite a catalogue of wine they have going on! Not to mention some fun beers, bottled and tap, and some delicious original cocktails. The sommeliers were friendly and helpful, too, brought us a delicious red Spanish wine.

And the food. The food. I love the simplicity of the menu, but it was difficult to guess how much to order, because portion sizes varied widely and there was no way to guess how much would be "enough" would be short of grilling the waiter/waitress on every single dish. We wanted to share a few dishes then have an individual dish to ourselves, but out of our party, one person's individual dish ended up being much smaller than everyone else's. Awkward. Order more to be on the safe side. The food was so good, you'll probably end up eating it all, anyway! I loved the seafood stew. The duck (highly lauded by the waitress), venison, and pork chops were delicious, as well! The blue crab on farro with pesto was an unexpectedly divine combination, the salads fresh and crisp, and the octopus on lentils quite flavorful, although the texture could have used some work.

I hesitate to describe the food in great detail, since the menu is ever-changing and what was available when I went may not be available when you go. Bottom line, the farm-to-table concept is skillfully-executed here, though the portion sizes can get confusing.

Oh, and don't forget dessert! I loved the goat cheesecake with riesling sorbet, and since it was my birthday, they also gave us a free pound cake with creme fraiche ice cream on top. Candles, too!
a.kitchen was a nice and convenient place to go for brunch while visiting the city. We got the white bean hummus to start which was pretty good but the bread it came with was a little hard and got cold quickly. The two people I ate with had the Rittenhouse Slam with braised greens; the greens were a little salty and the rest of the plate was as decent as eggs and potatoes gets. I had the french toast which had great flavor but tasted a bit dry. Overall the ambiance was peaceful and the decor was nice; our server was attentive enough for it to be an enjoyable experience. I wouldn't say the brunch menu was stellar but we enjoyed our time there!
girls night was amazing thanks to the staff/food at a.kitchen. The restaurant is not big by any means but when the weather's nice they open the window/sliding doors and people can sit outside along 18th street. My cosmo was on point. the bartender was attentive and approached me within 30 seconds of taking my seat at the bar (while i waited on my gf's)

once they arrived we were sat at a corner table along the mirrored wall. the restaurant is open towards the back and you can see the staff as they prepare the food (there are also seats in the kitchen area - i might choose this option next time lol)

the food was just the right portion. i ate the WHOLE THING! i ordered the Pork Loin which was served with brussels sprouts, smoked pear, blue cheese... my gf's order the chicken and the tuna dishes. Between the plating and the portion and the taste everything was impeccable. I had always heard such great things about this restaurant and now i'm so glad i finally got to try it out! until next time a.kitchen!
5/5 ambiance. So cute inside and outside! I loved especislly the indoor seating because you can see the bartender and the chef. There is also a wall of alcoholic bottles under night lights which is really pretty!

5/5 service. Our waiter was super friendly and happy to serve us. He was very attentive as well!

5/5 food. I highly recommend the OCTOPUS 'LYONNAISE' and GRASS FED BEEF TARTARE!! The beef tartare is more on the refreshing side, and unlike any other beef tartares that I had. The brunch menu is a bit limited and pretty simple for the price, but the potatoes are AMAZING!
The food is okay. We ordered five fish and the only one I would recommend is the oyster. But this place is severely overpriced for its quality of food!! There are so many other highly priced restaurants near Rittenhouse Square too but a.kitchen's food does not match its price. I will never go there again and will recommend against it. If you want great oysters there is oyster house nearby and Reading Terminal has great and cheaper oysters too. Also I had the feeling that the server tried to make us into ordering more than what we wanted. So in the end the whole dinner for two cost 133 dollars and I wasn't even full.
We stopped in to A. Kitchen while visiting Philly in September. Their menu looked great online and we read an excellent review of the establishment in the newspaper. When we arrived they were serving food from the brunch menu. 

I ordered the frisee salad topped with a poached egg and bacon served on a hash brown. My brunch date ordered the asparagus, mushroom, and aged goat cheese omelet with herb potatoes. Both were excellent.

The service was friendly and prompt. We really enjoyed watching the chefs prepare our breakfast at the bar.
I'm torn. This place is definitely a nice ritzy date place, with ritzy small quaint date like giant prices. The prices don't seem like deserve a 3 dollar sign price rating, until you realize, these are almost tapas sized servings. Each normal sized person, not that large, requires maybe 1.5 to 2 of these 15-20$ dishes to really get full. 

Don't get me wrong? The quality was great. The 4 of us shared the Lamb Meatballs (only 3, but delicious), the lamb loin (again only 3 pieces but cooked well with delicious sauce), chicken and gnochi (lo and behold, 4 pieces!!! but tender to almost the point of seeming fake, like chicken paste), some meatless creamy pasta not on the menu (tasted under cooked, but the garlic creamy pasta was amazing), 2 vegetable sides (zucchini - delicious, asparagus - meh). Including tax and tip, we each spent about $27. We left borderline full, but not really. 

Dinner #2 followed shortly thereafter.
Had restaurant week lunch here this week with friends.  It was good, but unfortunately my lunch the day before (also a Restaurant Week sampling) was more creative and divine.  That said, it was still good.  We shared for first course heirloom tomatoes, shishito peppers with sausage, little gem salad with grapes and blue cheese, and beets with goat cheese.  For main courses we had the Fried Chicken Sandwich topped with chicken salad, served with delectable piping-hot wedge potatoes, Flank Steak, and a Seafood Medley.  They offered complementary cookies which were also very nice.  Our server Kiara was delightful.
First of all, I was impressed by its deco which made me very comfortable. Second, I was impressed by its menu cause they are charcoal grilled. I love all grilled dishes on the menu and its hard to pick one of them. After hearing the server kindly explained their special dishes for today, I decided to have grilled rabbit. Definitely, rabbit is a special dish for me. 
We had Fried Oyster Tartine and Grilled Octopus as appetizers, and shared the Grilled Rabbit. For Tartine, except the bread was over-toasted, it was good. Griiled Octopus was very special cause it included peanuts and yogurt. And the Grilled Rabbit was incredibly good! I will come next time to try other grilled meat. Love a.kitchen!
Went to a.kitchen for a late dinner with my GF.  Sat at the kitchen bar, which is always a cool scene in any restaurant; this was no exception.  Ordered a few items, including skate wing.  When the skate arrived, it had the unmistakeable smell of ammonia.  Upon further research, I discovered that while this can be caused by the beginning of decomposition (old fish) it is also a problem for any fish in the shark family; apparently skate falls in this category.  Sharks, I found out, urinate through their skin, and apparently (especially larger fish) can have this ammonia smelling/tasting problem if not properly soaked in a bicarbonate bath prior to cooking.  So, the fish was either old, or not prepared properly.  We brought this to the manager's attention, at which time he said it was the "brown butter" and not the fish.  We sent it back anyway, and got a substitute.  Toward the end of the meal, they switched servers for our table (it was just getting to closing time) and the new server was rather rude, and clearly thought a great deal of herself.  When the check came, I was surprised to find no consideration for the problem we had, whatsoever.  I wrote to the e-mail on the restaurant's website, and recounted the same tale as you are reading now, and have yet to hear anything by phone or e-mail after more than a week.  Pretty poor all around, and after two visits to a.kitchen, we won't be returning.  A.shame.  

-J
Fun cute: feels so comfortable . The lighting is perfect ambiance. 
I just had the best soup curry rutabaga with shrimp. It was one of the best soups ever. Plus had the charcuterie platter with great pate . Plus other hidden gems. The service , we sat at the bar was delightful . Everyone was knowledgeable about all entrees and preparation . So far I was compelled to write a review. 
Not even complete ..,
After Craig LeBan's 3-bell review, it was a sure bet that I was going to get to a.kitchen ASAP.  The space is warm and inviting, though small (which means a reservation is necessary).  The bar is covered in marble, and the completely open kitchen is pretty darn cool, and fun to watch.  Next time I go, I will definitely sit at one of the seats at the bar right in front of the kitchen.

The service was great.   The waitress was knowledgeable and helpful. The water glasses were never left empty.  And anyone who works in the restaurant is more than willing to help.

The food is quite good, but not amazing.  Not sure I was as stoked as LeBan was.  Though credit is due that there are imaginative and creative dishes.  There aren't set appetizers and entrees sections, but everything is small plates that are great for sharing.  The frisee salad was light and refreshing, with bacon lardon, hash brown potatoes, and a poached egg.  The salad would have been amazing if the poached egg wasn't cooked through so the yolk was hard.  The crepe with mushroom gravy is a nice starting bite to the meal, though small.  The chorizo meatballs with calamari were skillfully prepared with a seafood broth and olives.  The chicken risotto was creamy yet not too heavy, though it seemed that the risotto didn't even need the chicken.  The spicy fried potatoes are a nice side dish to the more substantial meat and fish dishes, though the saffron in the aioli should be more prominent.

Overall, I think that a.kitchen would benefit from following the advice of Coco Chanel when she said: "Before you leave the house, look in the mirror and take one thing off."  The flavors in the dishes speak for themselves, and don't have to be muddled with that one extra ingredient.

The food is good, and perhaps will get better with time.  I will be going back for sure, and looking forward to trying their brunch.
Wow I love this place! Stopped by yesterday after work for a light meal before going out to the movies. No reservations, but no trouble being seated at the counter where you can watch all the food being prepared right in front of you. The food was delightful! Especially memorable were the crab faro pesto salad and the dessert of almond macaroons, fresh peaches and whipped cream. Service was fast, friendly and professional. Thanks for a great meal, a.kitchen!
Pretend like you're European and eat outside on the sidewalk.

Get the chicken sandwich at lunch.

Veggie dishes tasty but tiny.
I like a.kitchen. I do.It is not superb, but it is a comfortable little place. The decor is modern and simple and actually a bit boring, but i like the option of sitting at the kitchen bar where you can watch the staff at work. The wait staff & bar staff are lovely people and very attentive..not a hint of snobbery. The food is quite good though not fantastic. I loved the scallops served with sauerkraut with sausage -- lovely and autumnal in an unexpected way, actually. I really loved it. I was surprised at how much I enjoyed the veal ragu pasta dish. The crepes were good but a little unexciting, i have to admit. i wouldn't get them again.

I was actually driven into a.kitchen after reading a phila paper review that included a description of a cynar (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cynar) cocktail that included bourbon, fresh squeezed orange juice, and this italian bitter liqueur. I love bourbon based drinks and this did not disappoint! It was delicious - - I would happily ask for it again. It seemed that it was not well known to staff, and it did not appear on the menu, but they managed to surprise me with a lovely drink. 

This is the kind of place that is good to have in one's back pocket but I wouldn't go far out of my way to go....Amada feels like a more exciting indulgence, admittably. I paid for dinner for two and it cost me at least $100 for a satisfying meal, despite the small portions. I didn't feel i needed huge portions. All my wine choices were quite nice as well. 

Incidentally, I did have lunch there recently. I had a glass of sparkling wine and the hearts salad, which was satisfying enough but probably not worth the price. It was ok. The service, though, kind of made it feel worth dropping in for lunch!
So everything is pretty good, but I expected more. The crab salad was the highlight, with great flavor and moist and flaky crab. The kale lasagna was also pretty unique and unexpected, and tasted pretty good with a strong cheese flavor. I wish they had more seafood and chicken options, the menu was very limited to red meat/vegetarian/pasta. The goat cheesecake was not that the best due to the overwhelming strong taste of goat cheese (it also had an extremely cold wine sorbet on top that was OK), so that one might be good for only it's fans. Also, the chocolate dessert was a bit too bitter and salty. Overall the atmosphere is really nice and cozy, with the fancier type of Philly people, so I think most would overlook the food for the nice atmosphere. 

PS. Make sure to get at least  two plates or you'll be hungry!
Overall this was "Meh". Food was average at best, table was way too small for 3ppl, staff lacked any real menu or wine knowledge. Way too many restaurants in Philly to ever warrant a return visit here. Not for me.
