Really good, and I liked the mix of Jewish and Asian cuisines. Pretty much perfect for me. I'm a huge fan of the Cooknsolo restaurants, mostly because of the concepts Chef Mike Solomonov puts out.

What we ordered:
- Potato latke with beef tartare: Everything you love about beef tartare, while adding a crispy, yet potato-y "crudite" underneath. Really good.
- Brussels sprout caesar: Quite delicious with the bitterness of the sprouts and the richness of the caesar. Also made us feel better about including vegetables in our meal, ha.
- Corned pork belly reuben: Portion was on the smaller side, but the bite of salty, corned pork belly with the pickled green tomato is an exceptional one.
- Veal Schnitzel tacos: Quite a nice blend of crispy, chewy, salty, and crunchy textures, and the meat was excellently prepared. 
- Hungarian duck, complete with fixings: Delicious, and expertly prepared. They don't actually do the real traditional slicing methods found in Chinatown, as the cuts are a lot thicker, but with all the sauces and the schmaltz rice, the dish is excellent. 

Service was a little spotty throughout the meal, but the food really just made up for it. It wasn't quite that busy on a Friday night, but for some reason, it took us a while to get our dishes and get our drinks refilled. Nonetheless, the waitstaff was very pleasant, and were quick to get us our things once we asked them. Prices are easily on the higher side, but the value is there, since all the dishes we got were really great.

Overall, Abe Fisher definitely met my high expectations. I'll have to come back to try that large-format short rib feast, as that seemed like it was a pretty filling and delicious meal. After really enjoying Zahav, Federal Donuts, Dizengoff, and now Abe Fisher, I am almost convinced that Mike Solomonov can do no wrong.
#29 on Eater Philadelphia's 38 Essential Restaurants inspired my co-worker Mike to choose this place over all others (yes, I'm naming him because he gave me crap that I referred to him as "co-workers" on another recent review.  Done, their ya go Mike!).  I obliged, of course.

This is no ordinary Jewish deli.  Dark and kinda sexy, it's like a cool bar with appeal and a deli with abnormality.  That is -- the food is kicked the normal into high gear (with high prices at that).  Server James set us straight with wit and professional moxie to give clarity to hard-to-figure-out menu.  Mike and I along with Bethany -- all of us are bright but struggled mightily.

We went for the $72/pp "Montreal Style Smoked Short Ribs" [5.0 stars].  Served with deliciously 3" round housemade rye bread, pickles, and various mustards.  It was absolutely amazing, but not short ribs.  It was sliced up and had more similarity to traditional Montreal smoked meat (although, it was served atop a large bone).  It also came with a choice of 3 of their 5 sides.  We chose chicken liver mouse [4.5 stars], potato latke [4.5 stars], and borscht tartare [4.0 stars].

Additionally, we ordered the hanger steak [$18, 4.5 stars].  Delicious, cooked to perfection, and lots of seasoning.

I loved the experience, but I love traditional deli, too -- I'm so confused.  Still, I whistled, hopped, and skipped all the way to my hotel.  Why 4.0 stars and not 5.0?  I wouldn't rush back.  Small menu, I felt like I tried most of it, and it's too pricey to go back to often.

* More on server James: the best waiter I've had in a long time.
Came here for a restaurant week meal. Unlike many places, Abe Fisher simply offered their menu for a reduced rate. So I can say we did get a chance to sample their real offerings. 

This place is small and has a very interesting vibe. Imagine a standard Jewish deli/dinner (like Bagel Cove in Miami or Snowden Deli in Montreal) but in a slightly more trendy/upscale setting. The is definitely a blend of art deco and industrial feel that you might expect this type of concept to display. The place was packed, yet all the servers were on top of their game and very well composed.

On the advice of a fellow Yelper, we decided to split up our 4 course meals family style, effectively getting 8 courses split between the two of us. This was an excellent idea that I highly recommend. All the items were easy to split. 

First round: Shaved Brussel Sprout Salad.

This was awesome. Extremely fresh bitter greens accented with the earthiness of Brussel Sprouts and a robust cheese (parmesan reggiano maybe?) The pine nuts added a nice touch of solid mouthfeel and light complexity to round out the flavor profile, which was earthy, fresh, and savory.

The Potato Latkes were equally incredible. Splendidly smoky and creamy salmon to topped a perfect latke with a crisp exterior and delicate inside. They expertly balance the dish with hints of classic sharp aromatics (red onion) for a well-rounded plate. 

The Reuben we loved, but was probably the least inventive dish on the menu. It had perfectly cooked pork belly topping a buttery rye toasty morsel. The pickled green onion was a nice sour crisp to counterbalance the fatty pork belly. This dish was a really good reuben slider. Great and well-executed, but not particularly inventive. Just nit-picking here. 

The Spinach Kugel was firm, full-bodied, and full of special flavor. The buttery crust, accents of egginess, and cheddary goodness came together for a symphony of unerring delight. I was shocked at how much I enjoyed a spinach dish. Spinach almost always comes of as too gritty and bitter for my palette.

The Halibut was insane. This fish was so incredibly savory, buttery, fresh, and full of the flavor of the sea. It almost tasted like one supremely large scallop with a more chunky, meaty texture. The Challah crust was delightful and not overpowering as I had feared it would be. This was likely out favorite dish. The flavors on the plate all payed homage to the venerable halibut, which could and should not be outshined.

The Beef Cheeks were also unreal. Such incredible tender fattiness. Not since had I tasted such decadent beef since the Tacos de Cabeza Tacos el Gordo in Las Vegas. Beef Cheeks are vastly underrated and disappointingly overlooked in most east coast Mexican eateries. Fortunately, Abe Fisher has done us all the favor of being a beef cheek bastion, and they do it well. This dish I feel is the meat dish that the reubens could have been. It's unique. Its texture is perfect, and its a well balanced assault on the palate.

For dessert, we split both the Flourless Cake and the Bacon & Egg Cream

The flourless cake I was skeptical of. I don't generally buy into the gluten-free hype and I love flour. However, this cake had me wishing I didn't have flour in more cakes. The chocolate flavor was extremely intense. The mouthfeel was so gooey and fudgy and hot. It was a truly explicit experience. To break the palette from such obscenity, the chef allotted a dollop of the most incredible hand-whipped cream. Such a treat.

To cap off the meal a dessert I was afraid of. The bacon & egg cream. I feared this exercise in culinary joy would be left with a savoury bacon oiliness. I was pleasantly surprised to be wrong. This dish is sweet, and the bacon somehow is like a cereal crunchy variety. It's not oily and it's barely savory. Yet it maintains its smokiness. The lightness of the chocolate foam (which I admittedly had hoped would be a bit more substantial in density and consequently mouthfeel) was expertly juxtaposed to the dense pudding beneath. 

Abe Fisher was an incredible experience. The service, food, and ambience were well worth the $50 spent. This is a place to come challenge you tastes and raise your expectations from cuisine.
Shalom! Welcome to my choose your own adventure review of Abe Fisher (you can stop before the jump, if there was such a thing on yelp.). So... we got the whole menu. (Ok, technically they were out of the brussel sprouts and we didn't get the big dishes for 2, but yep, I noshed at least a bite of everything- and there are pictures to prove it!) and I'll likely be back for happy hour or to try the large dishes. 

VIBE- 
Great lively atmosphere, the back booth was perfect for a excited group of girls who drooled over every menu item and sang happy birthday to my roommate (loudly), and I didn't feel like everyone thought that was totally unkosher of us to do?

EATS-
Excellent food and interesting flavors most shiksas like me have never tried. Definitely a great experience and we loved every bite (and likely ended up with schmutz on our faces from devouring everything so excitedly). Savory rugelach was a great amuse-bouche.

SERVICE-
Awesome-from recommendations, to accommodating our vegetarian friend (despite a pretty unvegetarian-friendly menu,) to sending out some drinks from the kitchen, to bringing out a dessert with a candle in it, it was a top notch experience. Manager was a total mentch. It was restaurant week, and I felt none of the resentment and stress and long waits you normally see at other places for RW.

If you're a crazy person like me who shvitzes at the thought of reading a menu and ordering on the spot and needs pre-plan what to order, keep reading! If you hate long yelp reviews, goodbye for now, ya schmuck.

**Dish by Dish Breakdown (in order of best to 5th best, by course of course, but really nothing was bad)**
Firsts
-Borscht Tartare- as beautiful as it was delicious, with big roe and delicious chips.
-Roasted Carrots- overheard at our table "these croutons will change your life."
-Kasha Varnishkes-it's like the Jewish version of your favorite edamame ravioli
-Radish Salad- good but, how much can I say about radish salad? Can skip if you must.

Seconds
-The fish dish with the tomato corn salad (sable?)-cooked perfectly, delicious flavor.
-Shrimp fried rice-dark horse winner of one of my favorite seconds, the yolk was hard to split though.
-Raw and marinated bass-basically a crudo with avocado salad-very good.
-Salmon Belly Gravlax- as delicious as it was beautiful. Hate pickles, loved these.
-Gefilte Fish-not my fave, but definitely the best gefilte fish I've ever had. and the other gentile loved it, so to each their own?

Thirds- to be honest this is basically a 4 way tie.
-Pork Belly and latke- juicy, delicious, excellent (not the corned one, this must have been a RW special).
-Sweet and Sour meatballs- odd taste, not bad about it. Actually loved them.
-Steak- just YUM. 
-Veal schnitzel tacos- really really good. Only comes with 2 though so hard to split
-Stuffed Cabbage- not in the 4 way tie. Good but not great.

Desserts
-Black and White- Not your ordinary black and white cookies- amazing.
-Apple Strudel- a crowd favorite.
-Bacon and Egg Cream-like a bacon milkshake...so think about that.
-Sour cherry soup-again, very interesting flavor, and not mad about it, but not as memorable.

Ov Vey that was long! Mazel Tov on reaching the end of my review, and I highly suggest you shlep your tuches out to Abe Fisher and try out Bubbe's favorite bites, reinvented and Solomonovized.
Abe Fisher = your mom's best Jewish food, on crack. We went, we ate, we conquered. And at the chef's counter, no less. We got to see pretty much every menu item being made and delivered. It was awesome. 

$39 tasting menu or bust. How could you go wrong? That means we tasted a total of eight different items. 

Here are my top picks:
Brussel Caesar (I just really love all featured ingredients)
Kasha Varnishkas (raviolis stuffed with buckwheat, so delicate)
Pork Belly Reuben (thinly sliced belly makes this "sandwich" so rich)
Veal Schnitzel Tacos (tasted like deep-fried brisket, huge portion too)
Apple Struedel (fresh and warm, and the sour cream was a perfect complement)

Here's what I probably wouldn't get again:
Roasted Sweet Potato (boring)
Sweet and Sour Meatballs (flavorful, but a little dry/tough)
Bacon and Egg Cream (holy smokes, do I hate smoke-flavored things!)

Here's what I want to try next time:
Pastrami Hash Knish 
Cholent Pot Pie
Almond Panna Cotta 

Lovely environment (more casual than I expected), lovely service. Sit at the chef's counter if you can. Thank you kindly, Cook + Solo.
Was a fantastic meal. The flavor palette was similar to Scandinavian, but distinctly Jewish diaspora inspired. Very fresh ingredients, tasty, and thoughtfully designed. Nice plating, good sizes (I was actually quite full after the 3 courses). The menu is very accessible if you're not used to these flavors, and there's something for everyone. Though the menu has less for vegetarians, I'm sure they could pull something delicious together. I actually like Abe Fisher quite a bit better than Zahav.

Our waiter was also phenomenal. Took care of everyone's dietary restrictions, brought a free dessert specially prepared for our vegan friend, recommended a good wine, and super friendly.
Finally I made it, I was the last person to be seated on Friday night. I was greeted by the hostess with a big genuine smile, and she walked me to my table. I saw another nice smile through the night from my waitress, Tehila, who was so informative, friendly, and knowledgeable. I knew I could trust her choices, so I gave her the power to decide what my dinner courses were going to be. I was not disappointed, a total heaven in every bite!

To start, Tehila,  came with a box filled with traditional Jewish pastries, Rugelach. At Abe Fisher, the Rugelach were served savory, but usually they are made sweet. Those filled cream cheese pastries, were the most delicious pastries I ever tasted. Despite my best efforts,I couldn't pronounce Rugelach correctly, still they were ridiculously delicious.  Complementary from the kitchen, I tried the chopped liver on a pastrami-onion jam with a small side of a toasted rye. It was an acquired taste, but I'm sure everyone else would have enjoyed it. Also, the roasted sweet potato, was so yummy. Another jewish dish I have never heard of, and I loved it, was the Farfel. My farfel was made with mushrooms and asparagus, really tasty. The roasted Salmon was wonderful as well. 

For dessert, I had the sour cream panna cotta. The second it started to melt in my mouth, I closed my eyes to enjoy the refreshing indulgent. The panna cotta was served over a blood orange soup and lemon curd, meringue. Simply To-Die-For!

I liked everything I've tried, and just because I couldn't pronounce a name or two, or three, or even more, doesn't mean I didn't enjoy it.

Four and half Yelps!
My husband and I had dinner at Abe Fisher when we were in Philadelphia for a day a couple of weeks ago. I had been looking forward to it for ages, because the food they serve is my happy food (things that remind of me childhood and holidays). 

We had a reservation but showed up a bit early. Our table wasn't ready yet, so we sat at the bar, which was perfect. My husband had a few cocktails, and I had a few glasses of wine. 

The menu makes it looks like you have to order the prix fixe menu, but I overheard that everything can be ordered a la carte, too. We had the challah Parker House rolls with housemade Boursin (very good); the latke fries with herb sour cream and applesauce (very good); the challah squash dumplings with brown butter, mushrooms and rosemary (very good); and the Montreal smoked short ribs with accoutrements (very good).  

Overall, the food was excellent. Our service wasn't so great, however. Our server was really sweet but seemed very scattered! When she showed up at our table for the first time, she didn't greet us or tell us about the special or ask if we had questions! She just kind of stood there, so we ordered everything. (I did wonder if she thought we'd gotten the spiel from the bar since we had drinks from the bar, but the whole thing was weird.) The food didn't come out very fast (especially the short ribs), which is fine, but we'd been waiting for our last course (the desserts) for a while when she came by and said that she'd never put them in and asked if we still wanted them. Honestly, we didn't, because we were so full, so we just said we'd skip them as long as we did a la carte and didn't get charged for them. She said we wouldn't, and I think it's 50/50 that we didn't (the bill wasn't very easy to read or understand). She was really nice, but maybe just having an off night? Also, the restaurant automatically adds a service fee, so we didn't know if we were supposed to tip on top of that or not. I asked (some from front of house, not our server), and she said that it was for front of house, so we did end up tipping over the included service fee, but I wish it was explained when we received the bill, so we didn't get confused. 

Overall, the food was everything I dreamed it would be. I would definitely return for more Ashkenazi favorites. A unique menu and restaurant for sure!
I got the full service Royalty treatment tonight after only answering a simple, innocent question, "are we celebrating something tonight?"

Celebratory mini champagnes were immediately placed before us and our hostess wishing me a wonderful meal and our server wishing me happy bday. Followed by complimentary rosemary cheddar rugalach. 

Our dutiful server reappeared and explained the menu with pizazz. While Bestie wanted to just go with his suggestions the foodie in me bided for 5 mins. (Let's get this right here). 

We opted for the chicken liver mousse n pickled mackerel dip to start, kampachi watermelon & berry goulash, beef tongue, the infamous veal tacos and salmon entree. 

They didn't have the mackerel dip and Server was so apologetic he misled us that he brought back bluefish croquettes, housemade squash And chef's everything bagel with yogurt. Oh, at some point a delicious baked bread pudding w tomatoes also appeared. 

The tongue was reminiscent of fried spam or corn beef, dressed with mayo dill and smoked fish and complete with a tangy aioli. The kampachi was refreshing and delish- earthy and clean with the berry compote surprisingly unsweet and warm offset by the crunch of the citrus and watermelon. The chicken liver mousse atop tapenade was light and awesome especially with that buttered rye. Not her thing- so all mine. Croquettes- we'll what can one say about fried panko balls of anything really? Exactly. Mama Mia!

Omg the veal tacos. As if we were not filled to the brim, out comes the largest of tapas and we quite feared it actually. But one bite in, I said "this is the best one Honey. No competition". Course we demolished the veal tacos w slivers of radicchio and picked cabbage in ancho chili sauce. Wouldn't you?

That salmon was cooked perfectly. A hair under in my opinion= perfectly cooked fish. The only thing better than perfectly cooked fish is uncooked fish. I'm not even being sarcastic. 

After 2 hours of conversation and pigging out- doing what we do best and at it since 11am- we actually said No to dessert. 

But if course in true Abe Fisher Royalty treatment fashion- no dessert means a buttered blondie after dinner aperitif followed by a cheesecake topped with toffee crackers, Concord grapes and mini blueberries in raspberry reduction. 

Well of course. No night would be complete without a dozen or 2 of shameless twofies by the angelic staff at AF.
Friends...
This is, hands down, a new favorite. Boyfriend and I ventured out in the pouring rain yesterday to come in for an impromptu dinner. 

Best decision ever. 

Where do I start? 

Atmosphere: it felt so... idk, cool? To be in there. The whole ambience was just laid back, finer dining. A lot like Zahav, great place to just eat in. 

Service: our server was so amazing. The whole waitstaff really. From check in to check out. The communication between servers is great, and they know the food and LOVE it. When you talk to them, it's not a waiter, but someone who loves where they are and what they serve. 

Food: short rib tasting menu. Just, you can't go wrong. Just go. 

In all seriousness, the in-house baked breads and pastry/desserts were amazing. The rye bread had the nice chew, subtle flavors that didn't overpower the accompanying tastes. That Russian dressing is on another level. 

We let the kitchen choose our tasting menu items. Spreads were great, honey butter was sinfully good. Chicken liver mousse, so smooth. Salmon cream cheese was my favorite with the pickled radishes. 

Avocado salad was ok. The pumpernickel croutons it sat on was perfectly crunchy on the outside but so soft and fluffy on the inside. 

Gin cured fluke was so interesting. Boyfriend enjoyed it a lot. The whipped butter with the salty, almost gelatinous fish was something else. 

Also, angels sung when our waiter brought out the uncut Short rib. It looked that amazing. And then when you eat a piece of that gloriously marbled meat.. you go to that all in, happy meat place where meat sweats don't happen and carbs don't matter to your waistline. 

Then the dessert. The blueberry tart was good, but NOTHING compares to that bacon egg cream. It's my new favorite dessert. It was rich, but light. He crunchy bits gave it a unique texture, but didn't take away from the lightness of the chocolate foam on top. 

Sorry, I just really loved our meal. Def going back to try the duck.
Can't comment on dinner but the happy hour is marvelous.

KiddF, a friend from the West Coast, was in town with a dance troupe and called me so we could meet and catch up. His only request was 'something different.' Since he was in Center City, Abe Fisher seemed close enough and different enough to kill 2 birds with one stone. He did not want a full on dinner but did want to feel like he'd eaten (I quote) more than a few plates of cheap bar food. 

We were shown to the bar when we told the hostess we were there for happy hour. The bearded bartender was pleasant and welcoming, gave us menus and the run down on prices and specials, then let us take our time deciding while we cooled off with big glasses of ice water. 

HH drink specials are $7. We started with a drink that had a celery base. On paper that sounds less than interesting but this was crisp, refreshing and thirst quenching. It was also served in a civilized glass, not one of the dread coupe glasses that always make me gnash my teeth. When our drink order was served, the kitchen also sent us an amuse - bouche of 2 crisp, warm, garlicky rugelachs. I was hoping Kidd would not want his because I found this savoury morsel so blissfully good. No luck.

The happy hour bites are $5 per plate and we chose to begin with the chicken liver mousse. Fine, you're saying. They went to a Jewish bar and gee-isn't that a hackneyed choice?! Well, no. I am a liver hater from early childhood and that includes pates, liverwurst, and anything else that even carries a whiff of that offal. Earlier this year, I attended a Muhibbah dinner where Abe Fisher's chef, Yehuda Sichel, made this appetizer for the group meal. Of course I made a 'ewwww!' face when it was served but one of my fellow diners poked me, insisted I get over myself and just taste it-and I was enthralled. Swooning, in fact. It was light, rich, creamy and it did not taste like liver. It's served with house made rye bread and pastrami onion jam. When we were running out of the luscious bread and using our fingers like barbarians to scoop up this livery deliciousness (yes, I wrote that), the kitchen sent out a large plate of fresh rye so we could continue to eat like the gentlemen we aren't.

For some reason, the chef was feeling generous, and we also received a gratis plate of the bluefish croquettes which necessitated another order of drinks. 

Along with the complimentary goodies, we sampled the tomato salad with pumpernickel croutons. I would happily and with no hesitation eat a basket of these crisp yet tender crunchies all by themselves. They were perfect with the summer ripe tomatoes, runner beans and feta. My mouth waters as I write. To go with the tomatoes we added a sweet potato small plate that included boursin cheese, smoked walnuts and pickled long hots. All the food is subtle. Even though one tends to think of happy hour chow as 'gulp and wash down,' we took our time, teasing out flavor combos and commenting on how the different components of each dish meshed. As we enjoyed our selections and a third round of drinks, the kitchen graced us with yet another on the house goodie, a plate of mini potato latkes. KiddF clapped me on the back and thanked me for going above and beyond in granting his food wish.

Even though it was a mid-week happy hour, the noise level in the bar and restaurant allowed conversation at normal volume. The bartender was skilled at refreshing our water glasses, removing spent cutlery and plates and showing up just in time for our next drink order but was never pushy or hovering. We both felt extremely welcome and well served by him and the chef. The surroundings are snug and unpretentious. This is not a place created solely for the sake of Instagramming. 

All the happy hour dishes are on the dinner menu and then some. If you are leery of committing to trying food from the Jewish disapora for dinner, dip your timid toes in the water first with happy hour here. I bet you your next drink you'll be making dinner reservations before the week is out.
This past holiday season, I went all in - Hannukah-speaking of course, though I don't celebrate it by faith, I certainly celebrate it by food. (to be frank, I'll celebrate just about anything as long as there is good food around) Zahav tasting for Hannukah, check!  Last day of Hannukah tasting menu at Abe Fisher, check, check!

Be sufficiently warned though (as I had been - but did not follow through) - if you want to enjoy the Montreal smoked short ribs or the Hungarian duck, both specials with limited availability, you either have to order ahead of your reservation or get there thee early - as both had run out by the time we sat down for our 8:30 reservation. Boo! Hiss!

As with most restaurants that serve small plates, a tasting menu, reasonably priced at $39 per person, is the only way to go.

Most dishes were spectacular.  Misses were few.  Highlights, the Brussel Sprout ceasar, Borscht tartare, Corned pork belly reubens, and the Veal schnitzel tacos - a few others, no longer on the menu were enjoyed as well, but not as much as those just mentioned.  The meal started on a high note, with the restaurant's main cocktail, "the Abe Fisher"; complimentary glass of bubbly and a well-curated wine list rounded out the meal.  Desserts were quite yummy, if not a tad underwhelming.  Otherwise, high (holiday) notes all around.  L'chaim!
Came here for my birthday dinner with my daughter. Had the short rib meal and wow, just wow!!! Had the chopped liver, pork belly Reuben, matzoh balls au gratin and smoked salmon as shared appetizer, kind of, and every bite was an adventure. The flavors combined perfectly for an absolutely perfect marriage of taste and texture. The wait staff were well schooled on the menu and answered all of our questions and made wine and desert recommendations that were spot on as a compliment to our meal. We both highly recommend this place if you like trying new and different cuisines. Not too pricy but expect to pay around $140 to $180 for dinner and drinks for two. I will definitely be back.
Praline Babka with hazelnut brittle, candied orange zest and cardamom crème anglaise... 

I've been blessed to have had many delightful desserts in life, but when I look at the combination of words in that dessert: Praline, Babka, hazelnut, brittle, candied orange, cardamom, crème anglaise - I'm pretty sure I'd swoon over any combination that has just three elements in that list... If Breads Bakery's (NYC) is the best Babka I've had (closely followed by the Russian Babka by Cheskie in Montreal), the Praline Babka at Abe Fisher would be the best Babka dessert I've ever had. It's probably the only time I was ungentlemanly enough to polish off the dessert while my dining companion initially focused on the Panna Cotta nearer to her... Damn! I'm sorry. I thought you'd started off with the Babka!  My bad ;)

So, Abe Fisher was meant as a tribute to the Jewish diaspora with the small plates concept. It was pretty ambitious goal given the vast geographic spread from Montreal (short ribs) to Budapest (tacos) to Brooklyn (meatballs, matzo?) with many Eastern European stops (steak, lox, latkes, borscht) thrown in for good measure. But, it's the creativity of the menu to feature and popularize Veal schnitzel tacos and the smoked short rib special occasion feast (you'll need friends to partake in the "smoked meats nirvana") is what makes you pause. While I didn't care much for the cutesy chopped liver (with toasted rye, pastrami onion jam, onions) or the Farfalle but the menu keeps changing regularly, and I've been meaning to go back and try the Shabbos chicken and the Hungarian Duck "Chinatown style" - both meant for 2.

I've been here 4 times, but the one plate that I've tried every single time is the sweet potato with boursin cheese, smoked walnuts, and pickled long hots... intensely smoky, spicy, sweet, crunchy, soft... you get the entire gamut of flavors and sensations. That smokiness lingered on my taste buds long after I was done with dessert (no, not the Praline babka) - that doesn't happen often to me. (4.5 stars)
We were treated so well that I started to wonder if there was some kinda mistaken identity thing happening. 

I whispered to my husband, "Do they think that you're somebody famous? Like an actor from Vikings? Or one of those Vikings from that ole Capitol One commercial? Or a pro wrestler whose gimmick is that he's a Viking- btw is there one of those?" 

We were treated so especially well that it made me wonder what was up. Lemme explain. From the menu of small plates we ordered the three course prix fixe & dessert deally, but along the way received more than that. 

In between courses we received extra plates that were referenced to us as, 
"Gifts from the kitchen," and which, George Frankly, stole the damn show. So generous!We were feelin well-fed and special, alright.

Having the love for all CooknSolo restaurants so far, I expected much tastiness from our dinner at Abe Fisher. Yes indeedy, but this meal was outstanding. Like really. 

Every bite that night was straight up wonderful, beginning with the adorable lil savory rugelach that took the place of bread service- so cute and delicious! They were one bacon date rugelach and one pesto. I imagined serving them at my imaginary cocktail party with all my imaginary guests raving aboot em. I'd pat myself on the back, of course, while knowing I ganked the idea from Chef Sichel.

I repeat, everything was great! Here are some highlight dishes, here they go:

The lightest, most etherial chicken liver mousse on toasted rye with pastrami jam... Tasty. Bizniz.

Perfectly crispy latkes topped with salmon gravlax...

Veal schnitzel tacos with health salad and anchovy mayo... Crispy yet tender breaded veal cutlet, topped with sweet and crunchy slaw freshness, brought together with the anchovy mayo- definitely enjoyed while having to remind myself that they were not actually fish tacos. "Mmmm...What kinda fish is this? It's so vealy..."

Challah-crusted fluke with leeks and charred tomato... This one! Dug how the thinly sliced challah encased the delicate fish in way that it became this toasty, buttery delicious coating- a trick I wanna try muhself now...

Sweet potatoes: A gift! Boursin, smoked walnuts, pickled long hots: Super good. Sounded so but tasted better than I imagined. Roasted, caramelized sweet potatoes, were scattered around the plate and drizzled with creamy melty cheese, smoky crunch, and spikes of piquant vinegar heat. This was a surprise of a dish that we'd certainly seek out again.

The hanger steak. Another gift! Who gets bonus steak?! We do. That's who. *Feels special all over again* It was cooked so perfectly rare, atop marrow, carrot mustard, and Manichewitz steak sauce a-swirled. Thanks for that gift from the kitchen cause that's a for-sure order for us now. Starvin.

Wooo. Start to finish Abe Fisher was a top shelf experience. I loved how within the culinary theme of foods of the Jewish diaspora, both traditional ingredients and flavors were realized in modern interpretations- exceptional. 

And with more pork than you might imagine, considering...

After this meal I was rambling about all the goodness here to some certain family members and after describing the dessert they countered, "How is that like an egg cream?" They, of course, were rememberin one of their favorite treats from their Bronx and Brooklyn- seltzer, chocolate syrup, and a splash o' milk... "Yeah, not at all," I answered.

The Bacon & Egg Cream, seeee? A play on words- cause bacon! And ehhh, egg cream esque flavors? Get me? It was DOPE. Loved.

Many friends of mine are well over the bacon in unexpected places trend, but me, nope, this ole gal is still all good wit it. 

The way that those crispy bits of bacon were incorporated into the crushed crumbled chocolate cookie layer in the whole decadent parfait was beeeast. 

Dig this delicious set up: Maple custard on the bottom, then the genius chocolate cookie bacon crumbles for salty lil choco-smoky bite, then on top an airy but rich chocolate foamy mousse and a smoked maple syrup drizzle. 

Yes my babies. My sweet-meets-salty tooth was satisfied like crazy.

And our delusions of grandeur tooth was satisfied by being treated like royalty...

And all our other tooths were pleased as punch too in addition to our spoiled tongues n tummies. Deeeeliciousness. 
Abe Fisher, thanks for that and I tip my hat.
I liked the concept of Abe Fisher before I even arrived at the place.  And my expectations were definitely high, especially seeing the amazing results of Chef Michael Solomonov's golden touch at Zahav, Federal Donuts, etc.

In short, Abe Fisher is all about contemporary twists on Jewish food -- in other words, old-school flavors but prepared *nothing* like how mama used to make it.  And that's a wonderful thing, because it's so much better.

I dropped by Abe Fisher on a Friday night without reservations.  I was expecting the dining room to be slammed and having to sit at the bar, but the reality was precisely the opposite.  A large party of pretty twentysomethings were socializing and slamming drinks at the bar, but the dining room was wide open, so I was able to snag a cozy two-top in the corner.

I started with a cocktail -- the Cherry Orchard (vodka, maraschino and sour cherries, lime, and orange bitters) -- which was strong and fabulous.  

The server also brought out two different amuse bouches.  One was in the form of small bites of wonderfully buttery and decadent sesame seed pastries -- possibly a twist on halvah.  The second was gravlax on a latke, which was one of my favorite bites of the night.  (Honestly, just feed me fresh lox and crispy latkes and I'll love you forever.)

The menu mostly consists of tapas/small plates served at various price points, but the easiest and recommended option is the four-course prix fixe ($39), which is just the right amount of food for a hungry (but not ravenous) person.  Here's the rundown of what I tasted:

#1 -- Borscht tartare with trout caviar, hard-boiled egg, and potato chips.  
#2 -- Stuffed cabbage with beef, tomato, and boursin.
#3 -- Stuffed trout "gelfite fish" with carrot/raisin salad and carrot puree.
#4 -- Almond panna cotta with sour cherry soup, lemon curd, meringues, and gooseberries.

The flavors and presentation of all of these items were outstanding.  In fact, having Jewish food this gourmet might just ruin you forever.  If I had to pick a highlight, it would probably be the gefilte fish.  The fish was cooked exquisitely, but what really bowled me over was the carrot puree mixed with the carrot/raisin salad.  It was vaguely reminiscent of tzimmes, but amped up a thousand times.

Abe Fisher has an impressive selection of amaro to enjoy as after-dinner digestifs.  I'm no expert on amaro, but a small glass of sweet but exhilarating S. Maria al Monte amaro was just what the doctored ordered after a hearty dinner.

Service at Abe Fisher is outstanding.  The servers were very kind and gracious, and were eager to know exactly what I thought about the various courses.  A special shout-out to Eilon, the general manager, who went above-and-beyond to ensure that I was comfortable and well taken care of.

All in all, my experience at Abe Fisher was brilliant.  With this latest addition to his foodie empire, I have no doubt that Chef Solomonov will keep Philadelphians eating out of his hand for a long time to come.
What a great experience at Abe Fisher! This food is absolutely delicious, service is top notch, so I have to give a 5 star rating. Yes, the prices are steep, but luckily I wasn't paying for this dinner, or maybe I'd down-grade a half star. LOL. Seriously though, the food is worth it, but you don't have to splurge as much as my group did. 

We got the $65 tasting menu, which comes with basically one of everything, and the large massive Montreal style short ribs. The man of our group was nervous all the small little plates would not be enough for him, but he was pleasantly surprised. We actually had so much of the main course left over, we had a huge take-away box full of short ribs left. 

The meal started with these delicious tiny toasts, complimentary. The apps from the tasting menu, we chose were: beef carpacio (so delicious!), potato latke with smoked salmon (also amazing), pickled white fish/ makaral maybe (my favorite), and one other dish I forgot. But everything was so good that we were scraping up the last bits of sauce from the plates. We were even gifted the liver, compliments of the chef. It sounded to risky for us, but the server insisted we try it because it was so good, so we got it for free :) He was right, it really was delicious!  The caesar salad app was also fantastic. Seriously, everything was fantastic. 

The short ribs were presented to us still on the bone, once they were almost done cooking, so we could see the size. Then they took it back to finish the cooking, sauces, and slicing it up on the plate. It was perfectly cooked, about medium rare, so tender and full of flavor. Too bad we were too full to finish half of it! 

I will come back to Abe Fisher anytime. Next time, I won't splurge on the most expensive tasting menu. Maybe I'll try a few a la carte items like the tacos that I missed from the 3rd course. Overall, fantastic food, and incredible service. Highly recommended for a nice fancy meal.
Oh where do I even begin with this place. Every part of the experience was worth coming back for over and over and over again. This topped my first visit to Philadelphia, and definitely ranks as one of my top 5 for 2016. Here's why: 

*Starting from their website. The website showcases their casual, laid back, yet modern/classy feel. They even have an Spotify playlist to share. You can easily book reservations online or by phone. I scored a seat for 4 for a Friday night (I had to book it 3 weeks in advance as seats do fill up).
*Menu. Minimalistic and creative. That's all a restaurant needs. Too many items and it becomes over kill. To little and it's boring. Chef Sichel makes it easy for any guest to order from any of the sections (One, Two, Three), with each section priced at one $$. The drinks and wine list are also fantastic. 
*Interior Design. The space resembles a modern, retro diner with black and white upholstery and old paintings and trilby hats hung up around the room. The hosts and servers even dressed the part. 
*Customer service. I originally planned for my reservation to be at 8:30pm, but we faced traffic on the road from DC and called to let them know we'd be arriving at 9. They were totally okay with it... and were able to accommodate to us adding +1 to the resy last minute. Extra kudos. 

Now onto the important deets.. the food
Abe Fisher highlights traditional Jewish cuisine, embracing cultural shifts and the continuous state of evolution in his food. Sound crazy? Yes, it absolutely is. He pays retribution to his ancestor's journey to the Diaspora with ingredients found across continents and cultures. Our order: 

-An assortment of rugelachs (complimentary)
-Tartare: The best damn thing I've had to eat in 2016. 
-Salmon Gravlan: their rendition to lox & bagels
-Corned Pork Belly Reuben: FREAKING DELICIOUS
-Chicken giblets w/ lettuce wraps: giblets were fried to perfection
-Cast iron roasted matzo balls (this was just average)
-Veal Schnitzel tacos: Who would have thought a Jewish chef could make Mexican food. But holy hell the veal just falls apart and melts in your mouth
-A beautiful, juicy Hanger steak served over pureed squash
-Dessert: blueberry cheesecake and the chocolate foam + bacon & egg creme (a must try)

But here's why they got the full 5 stars. We were the last party in the restaurant, dining until 11:30pm. They continued to serve us through the very end, and gave us 2 tacos, 2 sirloins, an extra dessert, and extra dishes just to try them out. Many times, servers will become wary and impatient b/c they want to close up, but they showed no signs of that. Rather, they treated us as if we were the first to dine. They also kindly gave us recommendations on local bars to go out since it was our first time visiting. I can't wait to come back to Philly to dine here again.
(To the tune of "ABC" by The Jackson 5)

You say you dig the FedNuts
And that Zahav's always been your jam
Well let me tell you bout some Jewish diaspora 
Abe Fisher's my new favorite man

Now, now, now
Don't be scared by terms like
Stuffed Gefilte Fish
I've yet to try anything
Here that hasn't been 
flavorful, well-portioned hell of a dish!

Fisher, Abe.
You know that he makes the grade.
Each dish, there's love when it's made
Fisher, Abe, 1-2-3
Mike Solo's a babe.

Sorry, got a little distracted at the end there, but truly: Abe Fisher is one of my favorite new restos in Philly. My first visit was during restaurant week, and I've gone since then, enjoying happy hour or dinner with the gals. The menu's divided up into three parts ($10, $12, and $14 plates) that you can pick and choose from, or try the Prix Fixe which adds a dessert for $39 for all 4 courses.

That said, my favorite dishes so far have been: The Kasha Varnishkes (CAN'T MISS, featuring english peas and poppy butter, they are DIVINE), brussels sprouts caesar, and the hot smoked sable cake (another favorite, of me and all my dining partners I've brought!)

My only question is why the veal schnitzel tacos even needed to be tacos... the tortillas seemed a little disposable.

They've got a diverse selection of wines, which I've chosen every time I visited (over my standard beer order) and the bartender knows his stuff. Five stars, easily.
I've never waited so long to review a place. Bottom line, I think they're doing what they want to do and I think they do it well. I found the menu and what was "ordered for the table" vs what you could just order for yourself confusing and a little stressful or maybe it wasn't explained very well. 

Great bar, great space but probably not for me and maybe better for groups who want to throw caution to the wind and just order stuff and eat it. I've always considered myself a VERY non-picky eater so I thought I'd be ok but whenever someone has to explain their "concept," I lose a little bit of my enthusiasm

To be honest, for the money, this was two stars for us but I don't think it was Abe's fault. We just picked the wrong place in a city brimming with dining options.

Why do I feel I should apologize for this review?
We had the BEST here a few weeks ago, and Abe Fisher is now officially one of our favorite restaurants in Philly. I didn't really know what to expect of a Jewish-American cuisine, but I absolutely loved every bite of my dinner! I came to the restaurant to enjoy outdoor dining, but the restaurant offers take-out too. Service is impeccable, as you would expect in a restaurant like this. 

I took my husband to this restaurant to celebrate his last day of work and was so excited for our meal! What better way to begin our meal than to receive complimentary drinks (non-alcoholic) from the restaurant to toast to a successful career and a new chapter?! The drinks were so refreshing! By the way, sparkling water is complimentary, so we enjoyed that with the rest of our dinner.

The restaurant offers a $42 pp prix fixe menu (choose among 3 entree options) or a $50 pp special prix fixe menu. We got the $50 pp prix fixe menu that included the following:

- Breads & Spreads (The toasted rye bread and the Borscht Tartare were especially delicious)
- Appetizers: Potato Latke and Charred Zucchini
- Montreal Smoked Short Ribs (SO juicy, smoky, and tender)
- Dessert: Blueberry Quark Cake and Vanilla Custard 

You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu here. No matter how much we ate, we still ended up with a ton of leftovers to take home. Reheating the short ribs at home tasted just as good! We can't wait to return very, very soon!
Just left less than an hour ago and I'm already thinking about the next time I will make the journey to Philly to dine here. You will leave extremely satisfied and full. From the get-go you will immediately understand why Solomonov is the celebrated restaurateur that he is.

The meal was terrific. To begin, the breads, spreads, and all the starters were delightful. A standout was definitely the house baked breads. Simply divine. I also loved the timing of the starters. They were spread apart with a few minutes in between so that you could really enjoy each dish.

Moving on to the entrees, I think the Montreal style short ribs is top three best dishes I've had this year. The rye bread was expertly baked and all three sauces were incredible. The duck three ways was great and I loved the "Chinese" inspiration along with the pretzel bao buns. (Definitely go with the large format tasting menu - either the duck or the short ribs. We were lucky enough to try both. If you're only getting one, go with the short ribs.)

The cocktails were amazing and perfectly strong. The waiting room was as beautiful as it was delicious. Also, for an additional $30, definitely get the wine pairing with your meal. It's a fantastic opportunity to try exotic wines you wouldn't ordinarily order.

Since we were a party of four, we were fortunate enough to try all four desserts. The egg cream was incredible and extremely memorable. The specks of bacon were so good that even sweet and salty haters would enjoy it. My favorite was the quark pana cotta by a small margin. All the desserts were terrific, and it's evident the pastry chef is a true talent.

Thank you to the amazing waitstaff at Abe Fisher for their patience and passion. I can't wait to come back again. It was a wonderful way to celebrate the end of a year.
Had I been asked to vote thumbs up or down on the idea of an upscale Jewish deli / Israeli restaurant in Center City, I would have voted no. Good thing they didn't ask me!

We rented out the small room in the front that looks like a former garage with a roll-up door. Really awesome food. "Spreads and breads" to start. Tasty rye, homemade potato chips (very salty, but I like them that way), chicken liver (not my thing), a duck fat spread, and some green spread that was the winner.

Potato latkas were also great (albeit hard to mess up). The main event was the Montreal short ribs, which sort of fall between pastrami on the bone and corned beef. Three sauces: spicy mustard, honey mustard, and thousand island dressing. Really unique and tasty.

Wine pairing was inventive, albeit not for me. A lot of Jewish heritage foods involve ingredients that many cultures would have overlooked. The wine pairing took the same approach -- e.g., wines and ciders from parts of the world that one ordinarily might not associate with haute cuisine. I stayed more mainstream on the alcohol.

Main restaurant was loaded for date night. Very easily a good spot to impress.

All considered, a fun evening!
Abe Fisher is offering $42pp or $60pp prix fixe menus where you can choose an app, entree, and dessert, along with rolls & spreads. It's honestly a steal for the food quality and experience.

All of the dishes were hits. I loved the brisket, squash dumplings, and chocolate chip coffee cake. My favorite though was the Montreal smoked short ribs - the marbled meat was simultaneously juicy and fatty, melted in your mouth, and will make you wanting more. Definitely has made it to my top favorite restaurants in Philly and would highly recommend!
My companion did not mince words when he exclaimed that it was embarrassing that someone of my stature was not privy to the existence of this place. Fair.

Additionally, I had to walk around the block a few times because either I'm retarded or this place is very hard to find. There is no clear sign outside that says "Abe Fisher", simply a clock with a hat on it above the door. 

On the inside the decor is modern and the lighting is dim. This place was full to the brim on a Saturday evening at 7pm (shocker) but we were able to make a reservation for later on, about 9:45, for two. 

On first glance, and all other glances, the drink menu is intriguing. Most notably, fucking BUTTER BEER. Are you kidding me? Don't even tell me you didn't read harry potter as a 10 year old and have been wondering ever since what on god's green earth butter beer tastes like. I absolutely could not pass up an opportunity to try this shit. Additionally, the "instant gratification" caught my attention, with tequila (really anything with tequila would catch my attention), ginger, honey, and cayenne pepper.

So maybe Abe Fisher had something different than me in mind regarding what butter beer should taste like. When imagining butter beer neither green tea nor orchid root particularly comes to mind for me but that's the beauty of reading and imagining and shit, isn't it? Everybody has a different interpretation. I was expecting something more buttery or perhaps beery, but that's fine. Drink was tasty nonetheless, however a slight disappointment. 

Let's get to where the fucking money is. No, not my wallet, I prefer to use plastic for my purchases (those points tho), the FOOD. 

So right out of the fucking gate we were sold on the potato latkes. We also ordered the sweet potato plate. Before the food arrives, they dropped a sample of their "savory rugelach". Shit, I'm down with the jew-ness of this place. The rugelach by the way was to die. 

Both plates were fucking divine. The latkes were thicker than is traditional, little squares of potato and cheddar heaven seared on one side and hovering over a delicious cream dip, sprinkled with cheese and chives. I'm salivating at the recollection. 

Sweet potatoes were spectacular as well. Medium-sized SP chunks seasoned and mingling with jalapeno slices and walnuts, also served with another and similar but different cream sauce. There were also some green specks I would hazard to guess are herbs. Mmmmmm, delicious. 

I must admit that Philly has pleasantly surprised me with the quality of some of its restaurants. Although it is on the expensive side ($13-17 for a SMALL plate), this definitely hovers somewhere at the top. If you're someone that binge eats on my level, the price is prohibitive for a legitimate dinner however this is a great place for drinks and a small bite to eat.
Abe Fisher is one of the restaurants of the Cook-Solomonov family, like Zahav, Federal Donuts, and Goldie's. I think the best way to describe Abe Fisher is elevated Jewish cuisine. 

There are a few options of how you can order: 1. Everything a la carte 2. Pre-fixe menu where you pick one of each section of their menu (small plates, appetizers, entrée) 3. Hungarian Duck (for the table) or 4. Montreal Style smoked short ribs (for the table). After the waitress carefully explained everything, we went with the Hungarian Duck "Chinatown Style", mainly because it came with breads and spreads. We wanted to see how they compared to Zahav's spreads since they were amazing. With this selection, we received breads and spreads, small plates, the entrée, and 2 desserts.

We ordered the "Hungarian Duck Chinatown Style". It came with breads and spreads, 2 small plates, the duck entree, and 2 desserts. The dinner finished up with meringues and amaro, an after-dinner drink. 

As for the spreads, we were served the smoked cream cheese (definitely amazing!), chicken liver mousse, smoked butter with paprika, and borscht. I was pleasantly surprised about the borscht since I don't like beets at all. Similar to Zahav, it was probably my least favorite part of the meal but if you like beets, you would love it. The breads were an assortment of housemade options. There were sourdough, rye, rolls, and chips for options.

Next up was the latkes served with a delectable plum sauce. I've never had latkes like this before. They weren't greasy at all and additionally were served with some sour cream. Is there a better way to eat latkes than with sour cream? I think not but the plum sauce gave it a run for its money.

The tomato salad really surprised me. I love anything tomatoes especially in the summer so I knew it would be great. The tomato salad was a mixture of tomatoes, string beans, feta, and pumpernickel croutons. Yum, those croutons: crunchy on the outside and so warm and soft on the inside. How do they do it?

The star of the show was the Hungarian Duck. The duck was served 3 ways: duck confit, duck sausage, and Chinatown-style breast. Each piece was so delicious. To eat the duck, there were pretzel steam buns, schmaltz fried rice (probably one of the best we ever had), and kimchi. They all went so well together. It was served with 3 types of sauces: a hoisin sauce, chili oil and I can't remember the last one. It was an incredible amount of food.

Two desserts were brought out. One was a bacon and egg cream. It was a chocolate mousse with bacon crumbles, maple syrup, and egg foam. The textures somehow worked well together and the mousse itself was fantastic. It was creamy, slightly salty and sweet. The flavors worked really well and the fluffy texture of the egg foam was unreal. The second dessert was a peach tart. It was a schmaltz crust, pecan streusel, peaches, and orange curd. It was really tasty, although, I liked the first dessert better.
A DELICIOUS celebration of cuisine of the Jewish Diaspora! 
(If you are like me, you've been saying that word wrong your whole life, so let me help you as someone helped me - DIE-ASS-POUR-UH.  Excellent.  Now we can both stop sounding stupid.)

Now on to the food!

First and foremost, come with a big and/or hungry group who is willing to share plates because there is enough tastiness on this menu that you will want to try as much as possible.  

Vegetables - Would definitely order the Roasted Brussel Sprouts and Borscht Tartare again.  I'd give the Roasted Carrots another try, but ours were a little firmer than I wanted them to be and although tasty, did not measure up to the carrots served at Petruce et al. or Vedge.  I'd skip the Radish Salad. Shmee.

Fish - Who knew gefilte fish could be so delicious?! Yum. Make sure to get an order of that, an order of the Raw and Marinated Bass and the Roasted Salmon.  Skip the Shrimp Fried Rice.  Our rice was served too crispy and the dish lacked flavor compared to the others.

Meat - Corned Pork Belly. Chicken Stuffed Cabbage. Sweet and Sour Meatballs. Roumanian Steak. Just get them all.  They're all fantastic in their own way.

Dessert (my favorite course of any meal) - The Apple Strudel is phenomenal. If you are only getting one dessert (silly), that's your best bet.  The Black and White is also pretty incredible.  The Panna Cotta was decent. The bacon and egg cream seemed to be the favorite of some of my dining companions, but I wasn't that impressed.  If you want bacon in your dessert, head to Cochon.  

All in all, another victory for Michael Solomonov.  Everything that man touches turns to delicious. *Runs out the door to order a half dozen Federal Donuts*
Although I still don't know who Abe Fisher is, I do know that the food here is pretty awesome - such an interesting, creative take on many home-made Jewish dishes that I've had in the past. They even have mixed drinks derived from Manischewitz, to complete the theme. 

As part of the Restaurant Week menu, we were able to taste the following: 

1st Courses: brussels sprouts caesar, salmon gravlax, and chopped liver. All were wonderful and actually went quite well together. (Three of us shared everything - and I think that is the way to go with this restaurant.) 

2nd Courses: kasha varnishkes, corned pork belly reuben, and the lokhen kugel. I didn't like these as much as the first course items, as they were a bit heavy and ordinary. I also felt the kugel could have had a bit more duck in it. 

3rd Courses: stuffed trout gefilte fish, cholent pot pie, and stuffed cabbage. I was a bit disappointed that some items advertised on the RW menu were not available when we got there, namely the Roumanian steak and the dry-aged lamb leg. We had intended to try these items, along with the gefilte fish. The cholent pot pie was fine in terms of flavor, but the meat in it was a bit tough and dry. The stuffed cabbage was also good, but did not really stand out. However, the gefilte fish was very interesting and altogether well-executed. Instead of being a round patty of mystery fish substance, this version of gefilte fish was most definitively a trout "cylinder" stuffed with more mashed up trout. The side carrot salad paired well with it, though I felt the carrot puree would have been better if less sour and more horseradish-y.

Desserts: almond panna cotta, apple strudel, and the bacon and egg cream. All were amazing, but I especially liked the subtle almond flavor and silkiness of the panna cotta, regretting that I was only able to take a few bites of it. The bacon and egg cream was surprisingly good. 

I believe the desserts ended the meal on a strong note. This is definitely a restaurant I would return to try more items. They offer same 4-course menu on a regular basis for $39 per person, which is not a bad deal for those who intend to order dessert anyway.
Another Michael Solomonov hit.  Abe Fisher definitely exceeded my expectations.  I had warm childhood memories conjured while perusing the menu .  Yet, upon sampling the dishes, while the food was a bit reminiscent of the childhood food, it was so innovative and nuanced that I doubt I could enjoy my mother's matzoh brie again! 

The most noteworthy dishes: the squash caesar (phenomenal: don't let the "mundane" caesar salad element scare you, this is a homerun), veal schniztel tacos, duck blintzes (I'm still dreaming about these!), the matzoh brie (of course), and the pork belly reuben.  The only dish that was somewhat disappointing was the tuna crudo.  However, the amount of incredible food more than compensated.  

Oh yes, the savory rugelach is some of the best restaurant bread I've had in quite some time.  I didn't think I would ever enjoy non-sweet rugelach, alas Chef Solomonov has converted me.

Just go here.
Looking for a nice night out, I explored my much ignored "fancy night out" collection I made on Yelp! from various magazines and online articles I've read. I can't remember from which I heard of Abe Fisher, but I'm beyond stoked that I finally got to check this place out.

A nice night out indeed. Our meal started with hot and buttery challah rolls that were to die for. They were fluffy, flavorful, and came with an assortment of spreads that enhanced the rolls to that next level. We selected the squash and heirloom tomato salad (fresh, packed full of flavor) and the smoked salmon bowl (similar to a poke bowl with the addition of quinoa). Both were outstanding. But by the time we were finished, I was ready for the main event - the Montreal Smoked Short Ribs.

It was described to us like a pastrami sandwich on steroids, and I have no better explanation of these short ribs. Beautifully seasoned and served with homemade Russian dressing, mustard, rye bread, and pickles - every bite was as exciting as the next. I ate until I felt uncomfortably full.

I never thought of having upscale Jewish food, but I'm happy we landed here one Saturday night and look forward to checking them out again. Come for a good meal - you won't regret it.
Here's the deal: Abe Fisher serves Jewish food with a modern spin. You can do a $39 tasting or you can choose any number of dishes from the menu. First column, or app-like dishes, are all $10. Second column and third column are closer to entrees and are $12 and $14, respectively. Jared and I ordered a la carte.

First came the complimentary rugelach, which were savory (instead of the usual sweet). I prefer sweet rugelach, but it was a good omen of what was to come. From the first column, we got the chopped liver and the borscht tartare. The liver was incredibly buttery and came with thick slices of toasted rye and pickled onions. The tartare had roe and a strong horseradish flavor, but no burn (hooray!). We also ordered the pork belly reuben, which arrived on rye toast and covered in melty cheese. The pork was quite juicy. Next came the gefilte fish. The pike was seared well, but this dish just didn't stand out much to me. Finally, we got the bacon and egg cream dessert. Bacon chocolate foam, custard, Oreo crumble in the middle, and smoked maple syrup on top. Heaven. My biggest regret of the night is that I forgot to take a picture of it.

A special note about cocktails: get the Abe Fisher. No way around it. Gin, dill, and pickle juice--in essence, a perfect pickle. Nobody does pickles like a Jewish deli, and somehow the drink captures exactly the flavor of a dill pickle.

The discreet front door and understated decor inside make Abe Fisher feel dark, intimate, and vaguely illicit. The service is impeccable overall and is reminiscent of the service in the various Philadelphia speakeasies (or maybe it's the dark lighting...). A delightful place to eat.
With a group of 9, we ordered literally as much food as we possibly could. Literally, we tossed out so much food, the wastefulness still breaks my heart. Btw - we're all from California and were leaving in a day or so, so there was really no leftover-friendly situation. But alas, it was an amazing meal. 

We got a couple of orders of the prefix Hungarian Duck and the Smoked Short Ribs, by recommendation of our waiter. There's a minimum number of people that need to order each in order for them to serve it to a group, so that's what we did. Each prefix comes with breads and spreads, small plates, the duck or ribs, and dessert. We had NO IDEA how many small plates were coming out and were completely overwhelmed by the amount of food that poured out of the kitchen. Just imagine plates and plates of unfinished food having to be cleared - nonstop - because we couldn't eat it. DEVASTATING. And what was worse was that our waiter had recommended that we order a couple of other small plates, which we did because we're idiots who don't understand our stomachs' true capacity. Picked up the pumpkin challah dumplings, which we didn't finish and actually would not recommend.

Excellent:
*The smoked short ribs (duh). Huge portion, perfectly done.
*Breads and spreads - that chicken liver mousse, oh my god.
*Smoked salmon tartare - heavenly, so light

OKAY:
*Matzo ball tamale - can't really tell it's matzo but it's good!
*Potato latke with apple sauce & sour cream
*All the salads - not to ding the salads, but they weren't ~amazing~
*The hungarian duck "Chinatown" style; I think I expected the perfection of Peking duck and this was a very different style. I didn't really care for most cuts, the hoisin, or the pretzel buns (like Peking duck buns). I really think I might have been too full and therefore overly critical at this point, but it was just OK. 

Oddly enough, the breads and spreads were my favorite thing at Abe Fisher. Truly could order that over and over and over again day in and day out and love it every time.

I'm not going to bother rating the dessert because we barely touched it, but I am SO SAD that we didn't get the bacon and egg cream, because that may be the only dessert our table would have actually enjoyed. We didn't like the concord grape tart (much too sweet for what ended up being a heavy meal for us) and panna cotta was too rich. The beet olive oil cake was almost a perfect ending, but it was a bit dense as well. 

The real truth to this review: Get the breads and spreads, make a reservation, appreciate the very helpful waitstaff. And if you get a prefix, don't you dare order any thing else because dear god you will not need it.
Saturday Happy Hour Bar Crawl: Part II

Three ladies arrived at Abe Fisher, 2 pitchers deep, for their 6pm Saturday happy hour. Despite a bit of side eye from the hostess for my one friend's attire (lady, they're FASHION sweatpants. Get with the program) we snagged 3 prime spots along the side of the bar and settled in. Abe Fisher's happy hour is a touch more pricey than Bing Bing, but it suits the upscale clientele and location. Also, holy boozy drinks, Batman!

Cocktails were $7, which is $5 off their usual price. I had the Blonde on Blonde and followed it with a glass of rose, which I believe was $5 during happy hour but honestly things were getting a little hazy by that point. 

I also ordered a little tray tiny of foie gras toasts ($5?) that were out of this world: rye bread, perfectly warm and toasty, with foie gras mousse and stewed apples on top. Heavenly. We also were treated to some complimentary savory rugelach and an amuse bouche of a house-made potato chip with salmon and creme fraiche. Everything was delicious and I thought it was very classy they would treat their bar patrons to these treats.

The crowd at the time was an older, well heeled set of pre-theater patrons, and the bar was stocked with young people who looked very Rittenhouse. Our bartender was a delight and I think he appreciated our sometimes-ribald commentary. Pretty sure there was a bit of vagina talk going on. He offered me a sample of the rose before I committed and I love when a bartender will do that without prodding.

Onward to Sassafras! Really, this was getting a little out of hand.
Wow, my dining group and I were quite impressed by everything about Abe Fisher. What a treat in so many ways.

We opted for the 4 course "tasting menu" option, which included 3 savory courses (one from each "category" of their menu) and a dessert. We noted to the server that we were eating pescetarian, and this didn't pose a problem, for the savory courses at t least. This tasting menu option is $39 per person, and must include the whole table. It is a very worthwhile investment in money and calories.

We all shared everything. Gee, I love that about a dining group. I likely will not invite you out to dinner with me unless I know you are willing to go "all in" and share the table. Unless you're eating steak, then have at it. Some of the standout dishes for us were the salmon gravlax, pickled mackerel and the farfel, pasta dish that we ended up getting two servings of. I really thought the pickled mackerel was going to bring me back to those day at my grandparents house eating pickled herring out of a jar (gagging thinking about this), but indeed it had none of the nastiness of the jarred stuff from days past. The only let down was the broccoli kugel. And lets be honest-it's kugel. I should have saw that one coming. 

Their cocktail selection was super awesome as well, and we each had two drinks with the whole meal. I sampled the Abe Fisher Cocktail, because I'm weirdly drawn to anything with pickle juice in it. Just kidding, that's not weird at all... Also on the table was the About Last Night which was night, light and refreshing. They have a really cool menu of after dinner drinks including some aged rums which are just totally my cup of... rum. Yum.

What really won me over and makes Abe Fisher 5 star for me was the incredible service. The attention to detail and seamless ways the courses were presented was really top notch. The restaurant has a pretty casual feel to it, but the service was as professional and knowledgeable as it gets. Hats off to the staff for making this dining experience one of my recent favorites in Philly. We will be back for more and will be looking forward to it.
Abe Fisher is all your memories of dinners at your Jewish Mama's house made gourmet, with excellent service, & a bar !  We celebrated my birthday here during restaurant week, and sat at the Chef's Table . It was so cool getting to see the chef's delicately prepare each dish, and I must say , not only was the presentation gorgeous, but each dish was delish  (& explained by the knowledgeable staff and manager) .

A special shout out to the Brussels sprouts Caesar, with grapes, pine nuts, pickled onions, & crispy squash; the Veal Schnitzel Tacos made us "Verklept" with their combination of taste and texture ; and the Apple Strudel for was the perfect dessert finale with a crispy exterior and hot baked apple interior. I am in heaven, Jewish soul food heaven .
I have had this restaurant on my "to-try" list for quiet some time now. My friend mentioned restaurant week and a month and a half early, I booked us on a Friday night, 8pm. First off, it's in a  great location, quick walk from Patco.

Inside is trendy, but gets loud. The service was spectacular, the food was phenomenal. Possibly my only gripe, the price for a bottle of wine. We were going to get just a glass of wine each (just two of us and one friend had to cancel), but were suckered in a bottle, which all the Red wine bottle are $60. We were trying to do a cheap night out, but alas, we did end up drinking all the wine.

On our plates:

Chicken liver mousse- so creamy and flavorful! House made rye bread was amazing, but only two pieces? I needed at least 3. The Pastrami onion jam was a nice touch with the mousse.

Potato Latke- delicious!! This was a very generous portion and cooked perfectly.

Skirt Steak- I was told Chef like's to cook it medium rare. Getting older I've been leaning more towards medium, but thought, Chef knows best. I felt if the meat was cooked a tad more, it would have been less chewy.. The bok choy and carrot mustard were great compliments to this dish.

Veal Schnitzel tacos- a must have. Every bite was perfect.

Bacon & Egg Cream- I love how creative and fun this dish was. Every bite was a new surprise.

Chocolate Hazelnut Tart- thick & heavenly. The amaretto whipped cream was divine and with the cherries, everything paired perfectly with each other.

I practically had to be rolled out I was so full. I will certainly be back to try everything else on the menu.
We went during happy hour and Abe Fisher offers a pretty good selection of discounted drinks and food. It's amazing that you can get a handcrafted cocktail for such a good price!

The ambiance of the restaurant is kind of like a Jewish deli meets nightclub--with the diner atmosphere but with low lighting. We sat at the bar and staff are very friendly!
I came here for a little celebratory dinner with the boyfriend, and I have to say I didn't think it was that great. The food is extremely salty (I can expect that when certain thing say they're pickled or if the dish includes salmon, but not for literally every dish save for the dessert). The prix fixe option is nice if you're there with someone who you feel comfortable sharing dishes - you get to try a little bit of everything. My favorite dish was the Matzo Ball Gratin and my favorite dessert was the Blueberry Cheesecake! The service was okay, but I didn't really appreciate one of the servers constantly asking us if we were done with that round - it felt like I didn't have enough time to enjoy my meal or I was supposed to gobble it down and get out of there.

I probably wouldn't come back here again.
This place came highly recommended to me by a trusted friend so I was eager to stop by for happy hour. The happy hour deals are pretty bomb- the first five items on the menu were $7 so we ordered all five.
The chicken liver mousse was the star of the show, so creamy and tasty! We used up the house made rye bread right away and our waitress brought us more bread so we could sop up the rest of the liver mousse. We also ordered the latkes, and there happened to be a special for the 2nd day of chanukkah topped with lobster salad and roe that was delicious. 
The pickled mackerel dip was far too fishy for my taste, I couldn't even force myself to scoop up another bite with the lettuce. I love brussel sprouts so the brussel sprouts caesar was right up my alley. The borscht tartare has good flavor and the sour cream onion chips were perfectly crispy. Romanesco was good but not particularly memorable. The chef also sent us a complimentary dish which was much appreciated. 
I can see why this place is so loved. It was a different experience for my Asian food loving palate but definitely worth the try.
Abe Fisher is a tributary of the Philadelphia based Jewish gourmet trend sweeping the country.  James Beard recognized Zahav and Philadelphia as the origin of this cooking.  Designed as small plates dining, Abe Fisher provides a set prix number for each diner, but charges extra for their most popular short rib entree. Everything was good, but never passed into great.  Service was okay, but the timing between the appetizers and entrees was horrendous.  It took an inordinate amount of time, and appetites were lost in that hour or so.  

I get angry when diners who have a reservation are assigned a lousy table. There are tables in every restaurant, placed away from the dining room, in uncomfortable locations.  These tables are set aside for walk ins, people without reservations.  You should never assign these awkward tables to older clientele, with reservations, who need comfort and ease.  The young people at the front are often not the "brightest bulbs" in the service industry.  Yes, we were assigned a horrific table, sitting alone, at the side of the bar. 

Abe Fisher's food was good, the menu fun, but service was rushed and harried.
Everything about this dinner was wonderful from the friendly and knowledgeable service to the lovely and comfortable dining room to each and every morsel of food we tasted. There were three of us dining and we shared our food - our favorites were the beet borscht, baked chicken, brisket, and lemon poppyseed cake. That being said, everything else was a super close runner-up! Abe Fisher is a must-try for an Eastern European/Jewish twist on comfort food.
Interesting take on Jewish cuisine - has a German and Asian influence.  

Here are some thoughts:
- 3 course prix fixe menu for $39 bucks - not a bad deal that you can get without restaurant week
- Portions are small though and may need 4 plates if you have an appetite.  
- Some dishes are hit and misses
- Great dishes: potato latke (must get), smoked salmon crudo (loved the crudo, but only 4 small slivers), skirt steak (it was like eating butter - so smooth - cooked to a medium rare)
- Good dishes challah crusted tile fish, hungarian duck - chinatown style (nice array of sauces, but the pretzel bun was disappointing, duck itself was good - comes three ways - cut, sausage (neck part), and bits and pieces in the rice)
- Meh dishes: borscht tartar, stuffed squash blossom - just wasn't a fan of the flavors and melds within here, but others in the party liked it. 
- Drinks are pretty good, but pricey

Great place in Philly.
After much deliberation, we decided to try Abe Fisher during restaurant week and were 100% satisfied. Service was exceptional, our waitress was very friendly and we were checked on by multiple staff members throughout the night. They did the thing were they refold your napkin when you step away, which always makes the experience feel extra fancy.  We had the Fresh Quince cocktail which tasted like a boozy green juice (yum), and the ultra smokey Gilded Dram. The food was fun and interesting, all twists on traditional Jewish foods. Everything was delicious, no duds here. 

Standouts were the Borscht Tartare - I have no idea how they made shredded beets so fantastic, it's witchcraft. We had a complimentary dish of the potato latkes delivered to our table, which we had foolishly passed on when making our dinner choices. The latkes were extra crispy and the apple onion sauce made the dish work- don't overlook the latkes like we did! The braised chicken was also unexpectedly good, I almost never order chicken because I find it boring, but decided to based on reviews here. It was extra juicy and flavorful, and the parsnip kugel was perfectly paired. Finally please, please order the Bacon and Egg Cream. It was a chocolatey, salty, bacon-maple slice of heaven and I could eat one everyday. I would 100% stop in just for this dessert on a normal day.
Stopped by for the cocktail happy hour after reading about it on Eater as being a great HH spot. We sat at the bar right around 5 pm, and it was still pretty empty. We got the HH special cocktails, I went with one that was a house special and featured English pea-infused vodka. It was really tasty; bright and refreshing and tasty. 

We didn't get any food, as my cousin is a vegan and there wasn't a single thing on the menu that she could eat. If I came back, I'd love to give their happy hour food a try, because it looked really tasty.
Super awesome concept to have a restaurant serving foods of the Jewish diaspora. So first off, I have despised gefilte fish my entire life, perhaps an oddity for those of the Jewish diaspora (of which I am a member). But the gefilte fish here was outstanding. It was made from trout and bass. Also loved the veal tacos, roasted carrots, and kasha vernishkes. The veal tacos were a big hit. The veal had so much taste to it. We didn't care for the sweet and sour meatballs too much but we aren't big beef eaters. Have to rave about the abe fisher cocktail as well (dry gin + pickle juice). 

Highly recommend the 4-course tasting menu for $40. Definitely coming back here.
Being a person who needs lots of spicy flavor this restaurant has so much flavor that I did not miss spice. 

The rolls melt in your mouth and the combination of the herb dip was perfect- plus we tasted an amazing eggplant tomato chutney which reminded me of an Indian tomato chutney- a perfect dip for bread.
Chicken liver mousse can convert a liver hater. My son loved the Latkes fries.
Cabbage was good but fish tartar ( forgot the name) was my favorite.
My smoked salmon was like butter- and perfectly done.
We often eat at Katz deli in NY and were wondering what to expect with this pastrami type fare- Even if we didn't look at the price- Abe Fisher has the best ribs. The meat was sliced thicker and bread was thick served with fresh picked and cabbage.
We had the vanilla pudding ( a hint too sweet)  but it is desert and meant to be sweet- and rhubarb cake. Both great!
If I could give 7 stars, I would. This was THE best dining experience we have had in Philadelphia...and we eat out a lot. From the very beginning the service was excellent. They personalized menus for our anniversary, brought complimentary champagne, appetizer, and dessert. Each staff that dropped off food said Happy Anniversary....and I haven't event mentioned the food yet! Talk about an incredible meal. Each dish we ordered was absolute perfection from presentation to the first bite. The brisket was magnificent and short rib left me wanting more. This is a very very special please in our hearts and I am already wanting to go back. Absolutely incredible and highly recommend to all. Thank you for a fantastic evening.
Shoutout to Mattea- fantastic waitress!
Have been here for dinner and for happy hour and both times it's been fantastic. They have a great happy hour- seriously go. 

The food is inventive, delicious, and presented beautifully. Their desserts are a major home run (still thinking about their bacon egg cream). 

Delicious cocktails and the bartenders are super knowledgeable and friendly. They're happy to suggest drinks or customize them to your liking. 

Great service, cozy, small space. Make a reservation for sure. 

One of my faves in Philly!
I was slightly intimidated by Abe Fisher's menu as I was very unfamiliar with most of all the dishes offered. Colleen, our server, was extremely helpful in explaining each dish and suggesting her favorites. Between the dishes we ordered and the dishes the chef surprised us with, I think we tried about 10 different things, each better than the last. Some honorable mentions: the tacos - by far the best dish of the night - the Kasha varnishkes, and the brussel sprouts ceasar - I wanted to eat a mountain of them!

To finish off, the black and white cheesecake was simply heaven. 

Overall, one of the best dinners in a long time! I cant wait to come back with my friends!
Such high expectations, and delivered on most. That sums up our first Abe Fisher experience!

Each of us at our table of 4 opted for the prix-fixe menu, selecting different items from each section, which allowed us to share 12 of the 15 dishes on the menu. We also shared all 3 desserts, taking our total sample size to 15 items! It was great to get such a broad sampling on our first visit, and most of the food was really good! I'm not going to list everything, but I will say this is the best way to do a first visit to Abe Fisher. I didn't leave overly full, but both my hunger and curiosity were satiated. Heck, grab a 5th friend and sample it all! 

If I went back tomorrow by myself, I'd probably do the prix-fixe and order: the pickled mackerel dip for a light and refreshing starter, followed by the corned beef tongue with sauerkraut, beans and apple mustard for a deliciously-balanced savory dish, and the veal schnitzel tacos with anchovy mayo and health salad to finish the pre-dessert selections. As for dessert, the bacon and egg cream with maple custard and chocolate foam was probably my favorite. It simply had the most satisfying textures to follow up the meal. Overall, most dishes were well-balanced and if you taste as many dishes as you can, you'll run through just about every texture and flavor you could want. While some dishes weren't memorable, I'd say the experience across the board was excellent.

Service was very good, as well, and I really appreciated not being rushed out despite being at our table for 2.5 hours as we chatted with friends. Granted, we had a later reservation, so the pressure to open our table wasn't there, but still...I really appreciated their attitude.

Overall, Abe Fisher is a great spot. Due to a slightly-adventurous menu, it's probably not a place to go regularly, but it's definitely a place worth returning to, and a place I would certainly recommend going to at least once! Enjoy!
chicken liver mousse: house made rye, pastrami onion jam - 9/10
brussels sprout caesar: tomatoes, almonds, pumpernickel, pecorino - 5/10
bluefish croquettes: mozzarella, roasted tomato - 7/10
smoked cobia crudo: apple salad, jalapeño, quark cheese - 10/10
veal schnitzel tacos: anchovy mayo, health salad - 9/10
skirt steak: manischewitz steak sauce, broccoli and salami salad - 7/10
bacon and egg cream: maple custard, chocolate foam - 9/10
If you're not sure what to expect from this place from reading the description, you're not alone. I don't think anyone really knows what to expect when they hear 'Jewish Diaspora' as a cuisine type. But Abe Fisher does what I haven't seen done before, which is take traditionally 'Jewish' foods and elevate them to high level cuisine. This isn't a gimmick, or an attempt at Kosher (blech). This is high concept, creative dishes from an underrated ethnic cuisine.  

Cool, hip atmosphere. Great service.

We (2) had the fixed menu, here are our favorites:

Salmon Gravlax- Mix of potato latke, salmon and radish. Salty, savory and just the right amount of fish.

 Pastrami Hash Knish- Tastes like eating a New York pastrami sandwich on an everything bagel. Yea.

Apple Strudel- Combine an apple pie and a croissant, topped off with walnuts.
Abe Fisher has to be one of the best restaurants in  Philadelphia. My wife and I decided to celebrate our anniversary here and we had an excellent time here. 

We went with the Prix-Fixe menu at $48/person. We started off with Breads and Spreads - an assortment of rye, challah and sour cream and onion chips served with chicken liver mousse, roasted pepper cream cheese and everything bagel butter. This is a great way to begin your meal. Every spread was unique, fabulous and portioned appropriately so we still had room in our tummies to enjoy other treats.

We shared bluefish croquettes and matzo ball tamales for appetizers. The croquettes are your usual stuffed, breaded croquettes so I wasn't particularly impressed. The matzo ball tamales though, are very good, in presentation and taste. 

For main course, I tried the Halibut stuffed cabbage which was very nice, although by this time, we were pretty stuffed with all the breads and Spreads and the appetizers. I wanted to leave some space for their bacon and egg cream, which is very heavy but also supremely tasty. Although the pre fixed menu is definitely very filling,  it gives you the best opportunity to sample a lot of the wonderful food at Abe Fisher.
Abe Fischer

Went here for dinner one night during the week. It was empty when we walked but the tables filled up within minutes so I'm glad we made reservations.

We splurged on the Montreal Style Smoked Short Rib tasting menu ($72/person) and it was well worth it! (It's a ton of food, I was still full when I woke up the next morning)

Our meal started off with some "breads and spreads." This included a big basket of potato chips, grilled challah bread, and homemade rye bread. There were 5 or 6 unique spreads including a Mexican style gefilte fish (!!!) 

For the next course we could pick any two plates from the menu. This flexibility is nice in case you see something on the menu you had your eye on. In our case we chose the latkes and veal schnitzel tacos. Latkes were squares of crisp potato goodness. Tots on steroids. And the apple sauce/sour cream pairing was the perfect accompaniment.

The short rib course was impressive to say the least. A deconstructed pastrami sandwich concept: homemade rye bread, pickles, beet slaw, three mustards, and a stack of well-seasoned, fall apart short rib. 

For the final course we were given two delicious desserts! 

Throughout the meal we were treated to extra small plates from the chef as well as a non-alcoholic drink! This chef truly knows what he's doing and I had so much fun trying each course. Incredible to experience his take on different foods that I've grown up eating.
I came here for restaurant week ($35 for 4 courses - small plates concept). The place was small but cute with a nice ambiance. We decided to get some drinks at the bar which seats about 7-8 for their 5-7p happy hour prior to dining. The drinks were delicious and the bartender was very helpful, so we were excited for our meal.

For starters, we got the liver mousse and pickled mackerel dip. The liver mousse was delicious and came with thick pieces of rye bread. I was not a fan of the mackerel dip because it was too fishy for my taste. 

The second course was my favorite! We had the sweet potato and corned beef tongue. The sweet potato was nicely cooked with a smooth, melt in your mouth texture, but the corned beef tongue stole the show. The meat was very tender and flavorful, definitely would get again.

For entrees, we had the challah crusted tilefish and veal schnitzel tacos. The tilefish was nice but pretty standard, the veal tacos were a little too salty for my liking but the pickled vegetables on top made up for it slightly.

The last was the dessert, I got the bacon and egg cream and my friend had the apple tart. The bacon and egg cream was delicious!! Light and airy with a nice savory/saltiness from crumbled bacon. The apple tart was also very good though the bacon and egg was one of my favorites.

Overall a nice experience with excellent service. The dishes were a little heavy (incorporating a lot of oils and fats) with a few standouts - get the corned beef tongue and bacon and egg cream! I will definitely be back again.
Abe Fisher has AMAZING food! I went today for restaurant week with 2 coworkers. The server informed us that the restaurant week menu and the regular menu are essentially the same, so we got really lucky. We were able to get one 3 options each and they were all sharing plates so I got to try a lot of food. Check out the pictures! Fair warning, the restaurant was dark, very romantic and candle lit, but made it difficult to take pictures. Another not on the experience, I was w little frustrated by how loud it was. I had to shout across the table to speak to my coworker which wasn't pleasant. The music was loud plus it was really crowded in the bar area, which we were seated near. If you come here for a date, or the intent to speak without shouting, ask to be seated away from the bar so that the crowd noise doesn't affect you as much.

On to reviewing the food! 

Despite my already high expectations for this place I genuinely was surprised by how much I enjoyed the food. My favorites include the brussels sprouts, baked cheese, potato latkes (which come with apple sauce and sour cream!!), braised chicken (I could probably eat 5 of those, they were so good!), veal tacos, and the almond cake. My coworkers and I felt that the salmon resembled more of sashimi rather than lox, which is what the waiter described. It was still good but tasted too fishy for our expectation. The apple tart was a little salty for my taste and came on a lemon curd, which wasn't "lemony" enough for this citrus lover. The bacon and egg cream was so delicious, except the bacon really threw me off. My coworkers on the other hand didn't mind the bacon but it really didn't fit the chocolate/ egg cream flavor in my opinion. I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant to any and all! They also called 2 days ahead to ask about any allergies or dietary restrictions that they should prepare for which was great! 

The only reason I even knocked a star off was because I was disappointed that I had to shout to speak to my coworker. The food itself and the ambience of the restaurant were amazing otherwise.
Abe Fisher has been on my to-try list for a few years now, so when Restaurant Week rolled around this year, I knew I finally had to go. Our table wasn't ready when we got there, but we were a little overeagar, and arrived about 10 min early. Before we even ordered, a waitstaff brought over two complimentary items: savory pastries filled with squash and chicken, and an everything bagel crisp topped with a special spread. Dinner was looking good before we even started. 

For my appetizer, I ordered the corned pork belly reuben, which was delicious! With melted cheese on top of juicy pork belly, it was the perfect appetizer. For my entree, I got the veal schnitzel tacos: breaded veal topped with radishes and slaw, and garnished with lemon and paprika. It was a very interesting mix of flavors, and I really enjoyed how it all came together. My friend ordered the steak, and she was pleased with her entree as well! While I was impressed with the meal in its entirety, I have to say that my favorite was the dessert: the bacon and egg cream. The bottom layer was a egg pudding, the middle was ground oreo (and I tasted some coffee in there as well), and it was topped with a smokey chocolate bacon infused mousse. Each layer was delicious on its own, but even better all together.

Overall, I would HIGHLY recommend Abe Fisher. Its food was like nothing I'd ever ordered in Philadelphia. Really unique, with incredibly well thought out flavor profiles. I will definitely be back again!!
This place is just amazing. Been hitting up for dinner during my annual Eagles game outing they deliver an excellent meal from start to finish every time. Not sure how they nail the duck bao tasting menu, but highly recommend it. The fresh bread, phenomenal dessert, well mixed drinks and service complete a perfect evening. Go now!
We went here for restaurant week. Excellent service, and just a very nice, fun staff. Space -wise, It was very noisy and tight, however. The complimentary breads and spreads were very tasty. The food was richer than I typically prefer. I ordered the kugel and the white fish croquettes. I would have liked more broccolini in my kugel. For dessert, I had the olive oil zucchini cake, which was really unique.
4.5/5

Tried to get a reservation at Zahav and was offered the option to eat here instead, and it was a great meal. Abe Fisher's food is best described ass upscale/elevated/modern Jewish food. The server recommended that each person chose one dish from each category on the menu, making it a total of 3 dishes per person, which was the right amount of food for us. You can choose to share everything or just enjoy your own dishes. 

The 9 dishes we ordered each were delicious, especially the veal schnitzel tacos. I definitely could have eaten a lot more than just the two that came with the order. Other favorites were the chicken liver mousse, borscht tartare, smoked salmon crudo. We ordered the quark panna cotta to share at the end. It was good, but not memorable like most of the savory dishes.

Service was friendly and the decor of the restaurant is polished yet comfy. All in all, a wonderful meal. I'd definitely come back the next time I visit Philadelphia.
Truly amazing!  We do love short rib everywhere we order it but the one here is exceptional.  It melted in our mouths and was perfectly seasoned.  Trust the short rib connoisseurs!!!  The spreads were great, appetizers fine (only okay!), and well we ate too much of the main courses to try the desserts (we took them to go).  Cocktails were nice and balanced.

Insider's Tip: The waitress indicated the whole table doesn't need to order the short rib.  Go ahead and mix 'n match!   We stuck with the short rib tho!
Our waiter Edward, was one of the better polished professionals at his craft - the noshes are to die for !
We came for an item they removed from
The menu, he was very aware and brought us a complementary version of what replaced it - a yummy borscht plate - the little surprises from the kitchen were such a nice touch !!  Large plates were the soon to be infamous Hanger steak - it was fabulous and was the chicken paprika was also great for the small plates the porkbelly rueben was a hit but the gratis sweet potatoes with jalapeños were some of the best I ever had, sorry mom !!

Just go and eat here you will love it trust a fat guy it's delicious!
I came here last night for restaurant week and as expected had a wonderful time! Our server was very attentive and the plates came out fast and furious, we had to ask them to slow the dishes down a big so we could converse and enjoy the food. I really love this space, a very cool urban dinner settling.  
I came here with two friends so we were able to order just about one of each item on the menu between the three of us and every single dish- there honestly wasn't one dish that I did not like!
We started off several of my favorites included the chicken liver mousse, I love the toasted rye bread that accompanied it- the mousse was mild 
The Brussels sprout caesar was delicious and I found myself picking through it to see if I could recreate it at home.  The potato latke was well, perfectly fried potato with apple sauce and sour cream, what's not to like- I wish had more of it! The smoke salmon curdo was beautifully- thinly sliced bright color fish, so good. I was stuffed by the time the pot pie and veal schnitzel tacos arrived but had a bite of the beef cheek, it was so tender and flavorful, much more mild in flavor than I thought it would be.  Unanimous favorite of the night was the bacon and egg cream- I can't say that name made me gravitate towards it, but it was their pseudo signature dessert, be sure to get the custard at the bottom with along with the chocolate foam and maple syrup, it was really nice, something I will definitely be ordering every time I come in, the almond cake and apple tart were ok, but evidently bacon does go with EVERYTHING! 
We have been here before and the Montreal style smoked short ribs are a MUST try for anyone that is wondering.
Tried this place out for restaurant week because I heard really great things about the place, and Zahav (it's brother restaurant) is one of my all-time favorites. However, the overall experience itself was pretty disappointing.

The food itself, I would give 4/5 stars. I had the brussel sprout caesar salad - it was okay. It was a bit salty and did not have enough brussel sprouts in my opinion. For the large dish, I had the stuffed trout - now this was pretty good. I loved how it was crusted on the outside and the soft inside with tender trout. The accompanying cauliflower was very good as well but a bit on the saltier side. Finally, I had the bacon egg and cream for dessert. Very unique and I can see how people would love it. I wasn't really about the bacon flavoring on top to be quite honest, but the custard on the bottom was pretty good, although it was really really sweet and couldn't have that much of it. In all, the food was pretty good I would say, with some kinks here and there, but it definitely does not stand out to me like a place like Zahav does.

However, what made this experience pretty horrible was the service. Our waiter had a lot of general negative energy, never attended to us, and kind of just left us alone for the whole night. We don't eat that slow, and we were there for almost 3 hours. It took 50 minutes for our first dishes to even come out, and it took around 30 minutes to get our check fully processed. Maybe it was because we were put in the corner, but we were pretty much ignored the whole night and ended up being the last ones at the restaurant, even though we came at 8pm.

Came with high hopes but had a pretty disappointing experience. Maybe we just went on an off day :/ At least the food was okay, but probably won't come again.
I was honestly quite disappointed with my restaurant week experience here - I've heard great things about Abe Fisher, and given its 4.5 stars on Yelp I expected much better food and service. 

Food itself I would say is maybe 3.8 stars - it was solid and there were some unique dishes, but overall not comparable to Zahav at all. For appetizer, I had the brussel sprout caesar, which was on the salty side and while I liked the grapes and pine nut combination, it was overwhelmed by the salad dressing. For entree, I had the skirt steak medium rare, which was smaller than expected (understandable since it's restaurant week). It was good, but not amazing, I'd rather go somewhere else for better steak. Dessert was the one thing that did stand out, I had the bacon and egg cream. While I'm not a fan of bacon, I thought the flavours complemented each other very well and the textures of the cream/mousse, foam, and crunchy chocolate bits was delicious. It was a bit too much on the sweet side (but then again most American desserts are). 

Service was just terrible. I have no words, and I could tell the waiter was in a bad mood, but I just expected much better service. We waited forever for our food and even when waiting for our receipt it took ages. It's not even because the restaurant was busy, but everything was just super slow and not that professional. 

Overall I feel like I wasted a restaurant week dinner, I don't see how this place has 4.5 stars because even if it's an off day I still expected much better food and service.
Abe Fisher is one of my new favorite spots to enjoy a satisfying cocktail and well-executed food. 

The cocktails here pack a punch for sure. However- as boozy as they are, the accompanying flavors round out the alcohol and you are left with a perfectly balanced drink. And at $7 a pop during happy hour, you don't have to feel bad about trying them all! 

My experience is strictly with the bar area at happy hour, and I must say, even with a large crowd of people swarming the bar, the bartenders are always on top of their game. I can't wait to sit down for dinner in the future- I am sure the servers will be just as attentive. 

At happy hour (EVERY DAY!) from 5-7 PM, you can choose any and as many food items from the first section of their menu for only $7. Last week, my friend and I ordered the yellowtail pastrami, chopped liver, and asparagus. I was a huge fan of every dish, however- the beet puree that was served with the yellowtail unfortunately overpowered the delicate flavor of the fish. That being said, you can really tell that the chefs pay attention to detail and ensure each dish is perfect before it leaves the kitchen. 

The bartenders always offer a taste of their daily rugelach (Jewish pastry) - last week's flavors were rhubarb and pastrami. Both were delicious and I can never get enough of that buttery, flakey crust. 

Very excited to come back for the pre-fix dinner soon!
Not just a meal, but a whole experience! We each got the prix fixe as suggested by others and it was just divine. Also, the service was friendly, we liked that they were a bit more social than you would find at a fancy place, it made us feel very comfy and welcome. Also, as a side note, everyone who works here is a total babe. Seems like they only hire 7/10 and up, though I'm sure the eye candy factor is just a coincidence ;)

This is probably the first time I have ever been served liver and onions, and actually enjoyed it. Yum!
Couldn't get into Zahav (never can), so figured Abe Fisher would be settling for 2nd best.

Not the case.

Abe, I love you.
One of the best meals we have had in Philly.   Amazing food.

We did the Shabbos Chicken ($45. per person) on a Friday night.
While the chicken was excellent w/ the potato kale kugel, we could barely touch it because all the food we started with was enough for a family of 4 (and we are 2 people).

The "breads and spreads" were ridiculous....uni butter; liver mousse w/ pastrami onions; duck rillettes; and cream cheese w/ smoked salmon, all served w/ amazing homemade potato chips and breads.......

My fave was the pickled mackerel.  Comes w/ 4 butter lettuce leaves to make lettuce tacos.  Too good to be true.

Then, onto potato latlkes, square in shape w/ cheese.....
Avocado salad w/ almonds and grapefruits (I will try and replicate this at home)....it was all so delicious I wanted to cry.

Dessert comes w/ the $45. price......bacon egg cream, and sweet potato cake....but honestly, who could eat all of this?

I loved it so much, I am still thinking about that wonderful meal and great service.

Thanks Zahav for never letting me get a res, because I love Abe better now.  

:)
In the year or so that this place has been opened, I've heard nothing but good things from everybody around me. When places have been talked up a lot, I tend to be extremely skeptical of it (might be gimmicky, etc.). But as it was anniversary dinner night, and our other option was closed, the bf and I decided to finally give it a shot. It absolutely did not disappoint.

We did the tasting menu and were afraid, as we always are, that it wouldn't be enough food. We left feeling like we were going to explode. Every item that we had was phenomenal, well-presented, inventive, and full of surprising flavors. Our waitress was the best waitress ever and got the kitchen to give us a gift plate in the first course because we couldn't decide between three dishes. That was so pleasantly surprising and really sweet. That a restaurant like this would do that makes me like it even more.

My favorites were the brussel sprout salad, the latkes, pickled mackerel, and veal schnitzel tacos. The sprouts were so delicious (mixed with greens, fruits, nuts, and these incredible, warm soft-in-the-center croutons). The latkes were almost like a breakfast dish, potatoes and smoked salmon and avocado. The mackerel was amazing and soft, with onion rings and cucumbers to give it a crunch, and this delicious aioli-like sauce for zest. The veal schnitzel tacos were unreal - enough has been said about them so I don't need to go on a spiel. 

For dessert, we got the bacon & egg cream and the praline babka. The egg cream was good, but if the praline babka is available, GET IT. Warm from the oven, cinnamon-y, soft, doused in this hot vanilla icing-like sauce with coated pralines to garnish.

For 39 bucks/person, it is worth every single penny. Thanks for a great experience, Abe Fisher!
My bubbeh would have called this place "all fancy schmancy" and then made fun of it. (This part's simply undeniable.)

Then she would have noshed the hell out here, kvetching about the menu prices all the while.

Need some suggestions? 
The kasha varnishkes here are rich without being greasy. They're also perfectly "onion-y." (Yup. Mind blowingly savory stuff. It's hard to believe that a dish our ancestors found filling and tasty and yet so exceedingly commonplace has become such a rock star in its own right.)

And the cheese blintz with mushrooms and barley? Well worth the "all fancy schmancy" prices one has to cough up.

My husband calls this his go-to place in Philly for "very pleasant peasant" cuisine. (Yeah. Right on point. I really like that description.)
Finally got a chance to come here with my fiancé.  We ordered the prefixed menu for 2 people.  We tried the avocado salad, the beef tongue,  skirt steak, salmon, and chicken.  The food was outstanding, the service was amazing. The servers were so nice, helpful and social.  I love everything about this place and cant wait to come back with friends and family.
Swooning over Abe Fisher might be a new monthly thing for us.  We had a nearly perfect meal and dining experience here last night.  I was a little apprehensive about the menu, because not much caught my eye.  I can't believe how wrong I was.

It's rare that you have perfect service anymore (unless you dine at Laurel or Vetri every weekend).  Abe has service in spades.  The communal server routine works well here.  Everyone pitches in, and they do it with smiles on their faces.

Let's start with the menu:  easy layout, a couple of interesting prix fixe options, and a stellar bar offering.  We opted for the prix fixe and they wasted no time bringing out some fantastic sour cream and onion chips with pickled mackerel on them.  They were spectacular, and I could have eaten a whole meal of them.  That is until they brought out the bread box with bacon/fig and onion pinwheels.  Also a great little starter bite, and something unique that I haven't run into before.

All of the courses were solid, but the salmon gravlax, chopped liver, and the veal schnitzel tacos were excellent.  I thought the stuffed zucchini blossoms were flavorful, but I think I might have enjoyed them more if they weren't fried.  The reuben is packed with flavor as well, but it is seriously rich stuff.  One little square was enough for me.  The panna cotta is a must-order for dessert.  It is sinfully smooth, tart, and the mini meringues were a perfect texture addition (one of the best desserts we've had in a long time).  

It's a filling meal for the price, and you can't beat the service.  On top of all that, it's relatively easy to grab a same-day reservation!
Abe Fisher is the kind of place that has a lot of ingredients I've never heard of, but will eat because I trust it will be delicious. My friend and I plopped ourselves at the bar around 5:30 for Happy Hour. We both started with a $7 glass of Riesling. The bartenders were very sensitive to my friend's vegetarianism. They even gave her a new plate when one of the comped chef's pastries that contained meat was mistakenly placed on her plate. We had a caramelized fennel Caesar salad,sweet potatoes, roasted mushrooms, and kugel. We filled up very quickly. Service, food, and ambiance were all 5 star!
Don't get me wrong - this food was delicious. So many courses and so many delicious dishes (we got the duck), and the variety in dish styles was quite impressive. Personally, I prefer more flavorful types of cuisine than the lighter, milder palette of modern European, but setting that aside the taste of each dish was quite pleasant. The ambiance of the restaurant, however, was definitely a drawback from my overall experience. The music was so loud that I could not even hear the waitress speak or my dinner party from across the table. Definitely would have been a much better experience with a quieter and milder music play, but overall a positive time at the restaurant.
No doubt this goes in the top 5-10 current Philadelphia restaurants.  Style is tapas and we ordered several small dishes for the table.  We had the green beans, salmon and sweet potato from the first course.  They were all amazing but the potato dish was one of those once in a lifetime dishes.  Yum.  I had the halibut which was perfectly crusted and flavorful.  The wait staff was friendly and accommodating.  Definitely one of my favs!
Had a good sampling at restaurant week....

For veggies had the borscht and carrots with Gouda.  Both delicious, borscht reminded me of the beets at Zahav.  Carrots were outstanding.    Fish had the sable and gefilite (sp?).  Both very good the latter a bit better but can't go wrong with either.   Meats had the veal schnitzel tacos, this was the star of the evening I won't go back without getting those.  Also ordered the lamb, which didn't bowl me over.    Dessert had the bacon and egg Creme, that was super good, rivals barbuzzos caramel bundido for best desserts around. 

Fantastic server and service was spot on
Not your Bubbie's kitchen!

This Jewish inspired cuisine is fit for the upper crust of foodies. Really incredible flavors are explored and dazzle the palate. Small plates are usually not enough so make sure to order the prix fixe menu to get the most out of the experience.
Three weeks ago, C. and I discovered the genius of Michael Solomonov, when we luckily snagged a spot at Zahav.  After an absolutely amazing meal there, I looked up Solomonov, and found out about Abe Fisher.   We figured that anything that he did was worth trying.  I also was brought up Ashkenazi Jewish (though C. is Portuguese Catholic) and knew all the dishes that inspired his creations.  Last night we had our minds (and taste buds) blown.  There was not one false step.  Everything was just amazing.

Solomonov has a thing for root vegetables (beets, potatoes, carrots, turnip, etc. -- at Zahav we had an amazing pickled turnip dish), and at Abe Fisher they're there.  We started with some really excellent cocktails.  Mine -- "Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition" had rum and beet juice -- really good.  C's was "The Cherry Orchard" - an absolutely delicious blend of sweet and sour.  We both had the $39 tasting menu (in NYC it would've been at least twice the price).  Before the meal they gave us two mini (micro?) rugelach that were melt in your mouth delicious.

Our first courses were "Borscht Tartare" and "Chopped Liver".  The first was a sublime combination of beets with horseradish reminiscent of chrain (but oh so much better) along with a perfect hard boiled egg stuffed with Salmon roe, and potato/onion chips.  This was representative of the genius here -- every plate had a combination of things which made the whole more than the sum of its parts.  The "Chopped Liver" is not really chopped, but pureed in a pate served along with a block of delicious homemade rye bread and onions. The onions appeared to be just raw onions but something that we couldn't figure out was done to them to make them out of this world.  The food here makes you slow down and take small bites so that you can savor the amazing taste.  Everything has an explosion of taste in your mouth at first, and then a few seconds later, another explosion in the back of your mouth.

Our next courses were "kasha varneshkes" and "sweet and sour meatballs".  My late mother loved kasha varneshkes and cooked them for me the last time that I saw her.  However, here, as with every dish, they merely suggested the dishes here.  These are sublime raviolis filled with oh-so-soft groats.  Delicious!  The sweet and sour meatballs are suggested by a typical hours d'oeuvres that almost every Bar Mitzvah and wedding that I've attended has had a cocktail hour.  However, these are in another league.  They sweet and sour is definitely there but very subtle.

The last two courses were "gefilte fish" and "leg of lamb".  The gefilte fish hearkens back to the original (gefilte means stuffed) in which chopped fish was extended with matzoh meal, and then stuffed back into the fish skin.  This dish was in a different universe.  The salmon was cooked (we weren't sure if it was poached or roaster or ??) and stuffed back into crispy fish skin.  It was served with some divine carrots (the vegetables here are not just an accompaniment -- they are stars in their own right).  The last dish was the leg of lamb.  It was cooked and seasoned to absolute perfection.  The tiny potato pancakes were so good, I could have been satisfied with just eating them.

To accompany the meal, after our cocktails, I had a Victoria IPA (I think that beer and cider go much better than wine with this sort of food), and C. ordered a hard cider.  The waitress (who was really really excellent) came back to apologize that the cider hadn't been chilled and instead gave her a complimentary cocktail that isn't on the menu (something really yummy with beet juice).  Later when the cider was chilled she god that too.

Last, but definitely not least, were the desserts.  We chose that "black and white" and the "bacon and egg cream".  Both were sublime.  The first would have been enough for the two of us.  The subtle blending of flavors in the two halves was just amazing..  And the tiny graham cracker (I think) crust at the bottom was and additional treat.  The "egg cream" looked like a traditional egg cream (except that the chocolate was at the top).  The waitress finished it off by drizzling maple syrup on top.  I was really skeptical about the addition of bacon, but it really worked!  This was one of the top desserts I've had.  I also had the dessert with decaf.  During the last few years I've become what some would call a bit of a coffee snob.  At home we only drink single origin coffees with a pour over.  Because of that I've become somewhat intolerant of the coffee served in a lot of, even high-end, restaurants.  However, this coffee was really quite good (they get it from Stumptown).

In summary, this was one of the top dining experiences of our life (and I've eaten at "Per Se" twice).  Definitely go!
Had I never stepped foot into Zahav, Abe Fisher's sister restaurant, this would probably be a five-star rating. But Zahav has a way of ruining you forever, and I had similar expectations for Abe Fisher. Don't get me wrong, it's terrific. It really is. But if you have to choose between the two considering that they're equally priced, pick Zahav. Ok, now that I got that off my chest...

Atmosphere: it's good but ahhh I still like Zahar better (I'll stop). It's a cozy little place and the bar is gorgeous. Hip (but older than I would have expected) clientele on a Thursday night. The exterior is very cool and evokes curiosity. 

Service: I know they're new, but our waitress seemed unsure of herself and happened to spill the wine a little bit (I know it happens). She did however do a great job of timing our food and letting us enjoy without rushing us. That's one of the best things about this place... you have an *evening* at Abe Fisher, not just dinner. We had leisurely conversation and enjoyed ourselves knowing that we could stay as long as we wanted. The four courses and shared plates make it almost a bonding experience as you enjoy everything together!

Food: Very, very well done in taste, quality of ingredients, and presentation.

First Course:
Raw and Marinated Bass -- sushi lovers, take note. Delicious. Fresh tasting fish accompanied by avocado cream cheese. Avo and fish are a land-sea romance that should never die, and Abe Fisher creates a honeymoon for them right there on your plate.
Brussels Sprouts Caesar -- probably my favorite dish of the night. A unique concept, and a dynamic combination of tastes. Fresh tasting, crisp, and the caesar dressing was on point.

Second Course:
Corned Pork Belly Reuben -- wow. This takes a Jewish deli favorite to the next level. The pork belly is rich and salty and tastes delicious with the pickled green tomatoes (something I had never had before and was delighted with).
Hot-smoked sable cake -- There's nothing very special about this and it was the only dish we didn't finish. Very salty. Next time I'm going to try the kasha varnishkes.

Third Course:
Roasted Salmon -- high quality juicy and fresh fish, but the corn and tomatoes it was paired with were nothing special. 
Romanian Steak -- skirt steak with good flavor, but the broccoli is the star of this dish.  I think that it was grilled. Lots of flavor and perfectly seasoned.

Dessert:
Black and White -- I will dream about this for days to come. Half chocolate custard which was tasty, but the lemon poppy on the other side is to DIE for. Delicious pie crust crumbled on top makes this absolutely delectable. 
Apple Crisp -- Fortunately my dining partner gave this sufficient attention, because I was still hung up on the black and white and confessing my love to it. The "crisp" part of it was well done. Hot and yummy, but if I had to go back I would have ordered two black and whites!
This is a wonderful restaurant with stellar service. If you're looking for a true dining experience, look no further. The food is executed so well and the wine list is refreshing. I've dined here a number of times and everything was consistent. The staff is also hot AF.
When I was walking through Philadelphia this place caught my eye. The key to good food is the story behind the chef--and what a story it is. Chef Sichel brings mastery to his vision of what food should be. Fanciful creations make up his simple menu. He keeps everything unique and ensures everything you try will have you telling, "wow I've never had something like that before." 

I went in for dessert and had the best egg cream ever. A touch of bacon and Oreo crumbles and a drizzle of maple syrup, this bubbly concoction was as tasty as it is innovative. The staff was extremely pleasant and I'll definitely be going back.
I've been trying to muster up the words to describe our awesome experience at Abe Fisher, but all you really need to know is that you need veal schnitzel tacos in your life immediately.

The chef's skill at balancing flavors is on full display in every dish, and my only regret is not having the stomach capacity to try everything on the menu.

$39 a person lets each person at your table choose three small plates and a dessert, which was perfect for sharing and trying a huge variety of food. I wouldn't change a single thing about our choices tonight:

Course 1:
- Raw and marinated bass: perfect start, could bathe in the avocado cream
- Borscht tartare: I don't even like beets and this was phenomenal

Course 2:
- Kasha varnishkes: so rich, could've been a dessert or a meal and I wouldn't have thought twice
- Sweet and sour meatballs: I would put this sauce on everything

Course 3:
- Lamb leg: my fiancée is still blown away by the amount of flavor packed into the lamb
- Veal schnitzel tacos: unanimous choice for favorite dish of the night, just get it

Dessert:
- Bacon and egg cream: this sets the bar dangerously high for bacon in desserts
- Almond panna cotta: my fiancée was disappointed she couldn't get the apple strudel (tree nut allergy) until this came out and she apologized to the culinary gods for ever doubting this place after the first three courses
So many amazing reviews, I really wanted to love this place and was eagerly waiting for my reservation. Loved the atmosphere and decor. Very cozy and on a smaller side. Love when places let you see the food prep, nothing to hide, always a good sign. Our reservation was at 9 and at around 9:25 we were finally seated. I didn't try any of the drinks as I didn't crave any of them. I did taste my husbands tequila drink. It was yummy and refreshing, although slightly on a sweet side. The wine list although small was excellent and my wine was amazing. The service was solid and nothing out of the ordinary. 
The food was a mix. I found the concept very intriguing and as mentioned earlier, was very excited. I grew up eating Easter European Jewish food and was curious to see the execution in this small tapas format. When I say small tapas, there is no exaggeration. They were small, tiny, minuscule. The three of us shared three tasting menus and basically had 9 dishes to try. Most of the dishes had exactly 3 tiny little pieces of food. The tacos come as a 2 and they did add an additional taco for $7. 
From the first course we tried the chopped liver, mackerel and latkes. All three were very yummy and no complaints there. Presentation was lovely. Chopped liver was atypically very light and the grilled rye bread delicious. 
From the second course we had Brussels Caesar salad, poek belly Reuben and the roasted mushrooms. Not sure why the mushrooms are even on the menu, very unoriginal and not much flavor. The salad was probably my favorite. Perfect balance of acidity and sweetness with amazing rye bread croutons. I just wish there was more or it! I didn't really get the Reuben. It was just one bite and I mostly tasted the cheese. I think it might have been good if there was more of it to dissect. 
For the third, we had the veal tacos, the steak and a fish entrée. Not sure why people raved about the tacos? The veal inside was very well executed, but when eating together with the heavy flour tortilla, the taco was left dry and flavorless. All I tasted was the tortilla. The steak was unfortunately inedible. Although it was cooked to perfection, the three of us agreed that it was way too salty. Roo salty to even finish. The fish was good. It had a very crispy shell, but I was not a fan of the romanesco it came with. It was overlooked and borderline mushy. 
The desserts were decent but nothing too memorable. Bacon and egg cream was probably the most interesting. It was far too sweet for me, but clever and the bacon flavor did come through very subtly in the little crunchy prices found in the middle. I think one of federal donuts would have been a plus on that menu!
Maybe my expectations were just too high, but I didn't love the place. I typically wait for two visits before leaving a review, but not sure I'll be going back soon.
Overall experience was a 4. Came here for restaurant week but I think they regularly offer their tasting for $39 instead of $35 during restaurant week. My favorite was the raw and marinated bass--fresh bass with pomegranate seeds and this side veggie thing that was delicious. The pork belly was also good, though thinly sliced like bacon with crispy thing on top of it. My friend found it to be too salty but I thought it was alright. I think we also had the trout gefilte fish that was wayyy salty that impacted the pork belly. 

Bacon egg and cream for dessert was fantastic. Rich but not overwhelming, the texture is great on the tongue. But finishing off with the pannacotta was perfect as it is light and refreshing.

Would come back again but may reconsider number of dishes as we were too full, and to even out number of salty dishes.
What a great meal for restaurant week! 4 courses for 35. My partner and I thought the plates would be small (as usual for a tapas place), but we left absolutely stuffed! 

Highlights of the meal: 

Borscht Tartare - Tasted like passover to me (in a good way)! So delish, many of the flavors of passover in 1 single plate!
Kisha Varnishkes - Amazing, but slightly salty, not TOO salty, but maybe they could have cut back.
Gefilte Fish - Amazing flavor, and by far the best gefilte fish i've ever had. 
Shrimp Fried Rice - Loved the playfulness of this dish!
Dry Aged lamb Minute Steak - Latke was perfect, like the flavors of the lamb, but it was served cold, which I didn't know if it was on purpose or not, but I didn't like it, and it felt like it wasn't on purpose. 
Sweet and Sour Meatballs - Highlight of the meal, fantastic sauce, amazing meat. All around fantastic!

For dessert it was the Bacon and Egg cream - So creative, served like a parfait, so delicious and balanced. My dining partner got the sour cherry soup. Also really good. Loved the cherry sauce!

The drinks were okay, My drink tasted good (The Abe Fisher Cocktail), but there wasn't anything on the drink menu that particularly excited me. Not sure why. 

Overall, fantastic meal and service.
I had the complete Montreal Style Short Rib dinner delivered to me in Brooklyn NY and it was AMAZING!!! The entire dinner was spot on! When I leave this god forsaken area I will make it a point to visit Abe Fisher and order another meal!! If they are open by then I will order my typical buffet.... at any cost this is worth a stop in!!!!
This is a little long so if you want to save yourself some time just read this - go to Abe Fisher. Go with a date or go with a group, order a bunch of plates and enjoy because everything you eat at this place is like a new and exciting adventure for your mouth. OK, now I will elaborate...

We already had planned to order from the prix fixe menu and are so glad we did! $39 pp for 3 plates and a dessert each turned out to be an amazing deal. We went here on Saturday before Valentines Day for a pretty early 5:15 reservation.  I walked in as the only customer in the place but quickly after being seated and my date arriving, the place was filling up fast.  We ended up trying the chopped liver, potato latkes, pickled mackerel, corned pork belly reuben, halibut and veal tacos. Everything, and I mean EVERY single dish, was prepared perfectly with really interesting and unexpected combos that complimented each other so well. I can't even pick one or two stand out dishes because absolutely everything was tasty, prepared well and generously portioned for small plates. We were able to try two desserts - the bacon and egg cream and the flourless chocolate cake. BOTH WERE AMAZING. We didn't exactly know what to expect from the bacon and egg cream but it turned out to be a layer of vanilla cream topped with bacon and oreo crumble and chocolate mousse with a smoked maple syrup on top. It was an unconventional combo (as were most of their plates) but a big winner. The flourless chocolate cake was served with some chocolate pieces and cranberry sauce and was so perfectly chocolately I'm pretty sure I had a chocolate orgasm.

Also, this place is killing it with the freebies. Within a few minutes of being seated we were offered free coat check and complimentary sparkling water and soon after ordering we were brought two small dishes to try. The service was impeccable. It was incredible how quickly our water was refilled, plates were cleared, table was wiped between each course without the servers being overbearing or annoying. Everyone we encountered was polite and friendly. 

The only negatives might be that the drinks seemed very small for the price (we didn't order but saw them at other tables) and the food was pretty heavy so if you're looking for lighter fare, this place might not be for you. It was the perfect spot for a decadent Valentine's meal at a reasonable price and we will definitely be back!
Jewish food from the diaspora can't get any better than this. A modern twist on classical Jewish dishes that only chef Solomonov can do. We loved the schmaltzy apple pie, the matzoh ball, and gefilte fish.
Kind of an upscale jewish deli?

The only entree that interested us happened to be the smoked montreal short ribs. For two people we had literally one big beef rib, sliced thick and falling apart. It really was pretty much... a very good DIY pastrami sandwich.

The spreads and bread (first course) came quickly, and I really love this style of eating. It starts quick and light but the rapid descent into uncomfortably greasy full comes pretty fast. 

The chicken liver mousse was very excellent and light. But the bread with that is pretty fatty. If sharing everything between 2 diners, the second app should probably be lighter and say... not latke fries.

I'm glad we tried it and everything was delicious, but I probably wouldn't come here and spend $200 on this particular dinner again.
Got the "Dinner at Home" for a special meal -- amazing food and far exceeded expectations! Wish that pick up food from other restaurants could be as good.
Great spot. Very cozy ambience. Food and service were fantastic. The bread service alone is worth going. Latke fries are a must. Their signature dish- the Montreal smoked short rib is fantastic, although maybe a tad small for the price tag. Cocktails were awesome, and we were also introduced to amaro sours (my new go to cocktail). Will be back!
Fun vibe and excellent service.   I'm a big Zahav fan, and I really liked Abe Fisher.  The cuisine, however, doesn't reach the 5-star level of zahav (for me).  This may be an intrinsic thing, since Mediterranean (laffa, hummus, haloumi, branzino, roast lamb) easily trumps Eastern European to my palate.  

Abe Fisher has an interesting vibe and definitely apes the feel of an Eastern European diner.   The service is top notch and glasses are constantly refreshed without people hanging all over you.  They even have different colored glasses for sparkling versus flat water.  Nice.  

One of the highlights is the rugelach selection to start the meal.  You're given two types (a sweeter and a more savory) and they come in an interesting, old school container.  

Tasting menu is the way to go, as you'll be able to sample a bevy of small plates at a good price point to boot.  

My DP and I split six dishes and two desserts.  The menu moves from lighter to heartier, although light is relative here.  ;)

- We started with the roasted carrots and pumpernickel.   This was the best pumpernickel bread, although the carrots were somewhat dry.  The dry cheese may have exacerbated this sensation.  

- Next up was the raw marinated bass with avocado dill.   This was excellent.  Super fresh and complex flavors.  It was fun to roll up the sashimi bass with the avocado sandwiched in between

The middle courses were a little odd in that they were small portions, but the tastes were so rich and bordering on overwhelming:

- Kasha varnishkes - difficult to explain and interesting in that I have not had something such as this.  Think of a ravioli drenched in butter filled with cheese and drenched in more butter

- Salami and eggs - this was plain bad.  I'd describe it as a dried, slightly burnt egg omelet with salty cheese and saltier diced salami throughout.  Indigestion city!  Maybe it was an off night

The entree courses were the best:

- Sweet & Sour Meatballs - loved this.  Super tender, tasty and bite-sized meatballs in a cute cast-iron pan

- Broiled salmon - loved this, too.  Excellent crispy skin and juicy, cooler center.  Perfectly cooked and balanced very well with vegetables such as mushrooms

The desserts were indulgent:

- Almond panna cotta - super refreshing, well executed

- Apple crisp - on the greasy side, very decadent

Reasonable wine list and interesting cocktails round out the menu.  The coffee service looks good, but I didn't sample.  They were out of the Hungarian Duck, but the way it was described sounds too good!  If only they had smaller portions of the Montreal Short Ribs, as I hear that that is the star course a la Zahav's roasted lamb shoulder.
This is such a great place for a double date or a group of friends who you are comfortable with sharing things.  I went last Thursday with another couple and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. Service was friendly and prompt - we were even told before hand that we would be sitting in an area with a draft so we tried to dress appropriately but we were completely comfortable.  These are meant to be small portion dishes served family style.  Each dish is about 3-5 bites worth - everyone can share a little of everything.  We all did the prix fixe, which is where you get to pick one dish from every column.  We all chose different things so we could sample more of the menu.  They also sent out an amuse buse which was a house made chip with salmon puree and dill pickle.  It was really good!

From the appetizer column we got the hamachi crudo potatoe latkes, and two orders of the sweet potato dish since we favored sweet potatoes.  I would totally order each again.  The sweet potatoes were the winner for this portion.  The hamachi crudo was a little salty, not sure if that was the intent.  The potatoe latkes were slightly fried and delicious.  

The second column was a little harder to choose from since there weren't many options that we found super appealing.  We got the venison carpaccio, corned pork belly reuben, Roasted mushrooms, and spinach kugel.  I was warned by a friend that the foie mousse was not worth it for the supplement so we avoided that.  The venison carpaccio is obviously served cold and more on the rare side.  I thought it was good but the others were not expecting it to be cold so it threw them off.  The bitterballen were a great addition to add some texture to the dish.  We LOVED the pork belly reuben - definitely a must get.  I would leave out the spinach kugel next time.  If you like mushrooms, that dish was also great.  

The 3rd column - we stuck with Veal Schnitzel Tacos and they had a hanger steak that evening.  Hands down the veal tacos were the best thing we had aside from dessert that night.  I would go there just for those and the dessert we got.  It was literally a long cube of veal, slightly battered and fried and topped with a few pickled dressings - it all worked. It was fantastic I almost didn't want to share my other one.  The hanger steak was also good but it paled in comparison to the tacos.

Ok ABSOLUTELY GET THE BACON AND EGG CREAM.  I know it sounds weird but IT WAS SO GOOD.  The bacon bits are candied and went so well with the texture of the cream - almost creme brulee style. There is this chocolate foam on top that just creates this airy texture when you mix it together.  We each got one except for our friend who got the flour less chocolate cake and she was regretful as we weren't too keen to share!

Great experience altogether.
The service was tremendous. Many different wait staff serving us and keeping our glasses full. The staff knew each little detail about each plate which helped me as a vegan. They were able to accommodate my needs. While I would not recommend for vegan eaters (you don't get the opportunity to share in the delicious looking food). Fr. no. Vegans I highly recommend.
I really wanted to like this place because the concept sounds so great!  However it was only ok in execution.  The food was just not memorable - I struggled to remember what we ordered while writing this review only twenty minutes after we ate. 

We had:
Borscht tartare - fine, nothing exciting
Dumplings with English peas - the sauce was tasty but I didn't love the texture of the filling
Sea bass - best dish of the night.  Fresh and flavorful, really well done
Corned pork belly - super thin slices like a deli meat.  It wasn't what we were expecting, and again it was fine.  Tasted like any corned beef I've ever had and def not worth $14.
Sweet and sour meatballs - yummy sauce, but meatballs were a bit tough

Service was really friendly and prompt without being overbearing.  The general manager came to speak to us after our meal to get feedback, which I always appreciate.  He was super professional, attentive, and friendly.  He took the pork belly off our bill since we said we didn't love it.  He changed my three star review to a four star.  

Overall a little too pricey for what it was, but hopefully it'll get better as it gets its footing.
Great dining experience from the time we walked in to the time we left.  The hostess was warm and friendly.  We had a reservation and the table was ready for us when we arrived.  The waitress was attentive and informative, but not pushy at all-- very patient.  The caramelized fennel caesar was possibly the best salad ice ever eaten; the combination of the sweet grapes and savory pine nuts, along with the warm pumpernickel croutons.... Ah, truly a delight to eat.  The Abe Fisher pickle juice cocktail was a treat as well.
Girlfriend and I came here for dinner one Friday night. Made reservations a few days in advance with no problem. We ordered beers since their beer menu was pretty original. Decided to go with the fixed menu since you basically get a free dessert by doing so. The top thing we ordered from each category was the chopped liver, pork belly reuben sandwich and the veal schnitzel tacos. The panna cotta for dessert was also delicious. Literally everything tasted original, different and very tasty. We left with big smiles from the friendly staff and full bellies from the perfect amount of food. 

PS when they come around with the rugelach, ask to try both ;) 

If you're thinking about going, you need to make Abe Fisher the next restaurant on your list.
Abe Fisher is another excellent restaurant in the CookNSolo family. The first time we went here we walked right past the door not realizing the sign for it was there. The interior is dark with a swanky old school vibe to it. 

At this point I've tried mostly everything on the menu and it's all amazing. Some of my favorites include the chicken liver mousse, veal schnitzel tacos, beef tongue (trust me) and the Hungarian Duck.  Also, get whatever salad they have available that comes with the pumpernickle croutons. I don't care for croutons but lemme tell you, these jawns are IT. Crispy on the outside yet soft on the inside.  MAGIC. Who knew croutons could be so good?!

Service is always great and they're very accommodating.  We had a vegan dinner with us one time and AF was able to give a vegan alternative to their veal schnitzel taco! 

Can't forget their happy hour is one of the best in the city and EVERY day of week! Love the fun drink names and every cocktail has been on point. I need to come back and splurge on the Montreal Style Smoked Short Ribs!
An old friend was in town and I wanted to show her Abe Fisher because she loves Zahav. She is gluten sensitive. The waiter checked after we ordered and went through our entire order adapting and suggesting alternative where adaption was impossible. That was great. The food is amazing. My one complaint is the noise level made it hard to have a deeper conversation. I'll be back.
Tonight was our first time dining at Abe Fisher and it definitely won't be our last. We did the tasting and every course was phenomenal and delicious bursting with flavor to crave. The drinks were unique and perfect. Employees were top notch, friendly, and efficient. We are looking forward to our next meal here as we want to try EVERYTHING on the menu.  My only regret was that I didn't discover this place sooner.
