I wasn't quite sure what to expect from Abyssinia.  I've had Ethiopian food before and it was good, but nothing to rave about.  However, this hidden treasure in West Philly is worth the trip!

Why all the complaints about wait times and service?  Visiting on a Saturday evening, and being warned that they "would take forever", my service expectations might have been lowered, but our time from ordering to food arriving on our table was more than reasonable for freshly prepared food.

Alright, with that out of the way, I can speak of the delicious eats.  The meat combination is the way to go.  Three different types of meat (beef, lamb, chicken), two veggies, and a small salad all for you to eat without a fork!  Don't worry, the injera serves as an edible fork substitute.  Everything was perfectly spiced, bringing just the right level of flavor and 'heat' to the dish.  And the portions-price ratio make it a steal.  Only $14 to fill me up!

In summary, worth the wait (if you happen to experience one), but be mindful that your hands will get dirty =P
I went here for 3 reasons.

1. I wanted to see my old neighborhhood again. I used to live around 48th & Cedar.

2. My lunch companion was a vegetarian and she'd never had Ethiopian food. I know, right?!

3. I am absolutely nuts about good Ethiopian food and enjoyed it aplenty when I lived in the SF Bay area.

As expected, parking was difficult but that's Philadelphia. Even though we had to walk a few blocks, the day was beautiful. It's my contention that West Philadelphia is one of the prettiest areas of this city so I joyfully filled my eyes on the way to filling my belly.

This place is shabby, dingy and very large. It's an old converted house and it is not in the least inviting inside. At lunch time on a Friday, we were the only 2 diners there in their enormous dining room. 2 men sat at the bar in the front room/bar watching television at a moderate volume. I don't believe they were eating or drinking so possibly they were restaurant staff or family.

We ordered the family style vegetarian combo lunch ($14.99) and then waited for a very long time for the food to arrive. When it finally did, it came out with a basket of the ubiquitous, slightly cool injera bread folded into a pile. Everything on the tray tasted the same. I could see that we had different things, carrots, boiled potatoes, lentils, beans, cabbage or collards and so on and a salad arrangement in the middle of the plate with what I believe was ayib (cottage cheese), but whatever I scooped up with my injera tasted just like my last scoop of food-warm, soft, slightly sour/fermented and vegetal in a rooty kind of way. Certainly no discernible  berbere. The portions were adequate but not large. It would not be fair to say that the meal was bad but it would be equally unfair to call it delicious or memorable. Let me add that while I am a carnivore, I have often greatly enjoyed vegetarian food at other Ethiopian restaurants on the East and West coasts. The menu prices seem to be geared to the student purse. 

Our server never came back to check on us during the meal thus our water glasses were not refilled and we could have used more injera. 

When we finished lunch, we sat for a good 20 minutes, waiting for our check. My friend made her way to the restroom on the second level after a confused search and returned none the worse for wear, though she said the bathroom was 'intimidating.' When pressed, she would not elaborate. I did not feel a need to go up and see what she meant. 

I finally went on my own search for our server. I gave her a credit card and waited another 15 minutes before she reappeared with the receipt for me to sign.

I left with 3 conclusions.

1. West Philly is still awesomely beautiful. My old block has been heavily gentrified.

2. My companion said she was not in a hurry to eat Ethiopian food again and I am not in a hurry to return to Abyssinia.

3. I will continue to look for **good** Ethiopian food in Philadelphia.
Long, long ago, when I was attending one of the many University City colleges, Abyssinia was one of my favorite restaurants - inexpensive, always delicious, and the service was always warm and friendly. A lot has changed about Philadelphia since I was in college, but I'm really happy to see that Abyssinia is just the same, as wonderful as I remember. 

Before, I would gravitate towards the lamb-based entrees, but even now as a vegetarian, Abyssinia has plenty of options. Last week my partner and I ordered the vegetarian combo and vegetarian rice. The combo comes with Abyssinia's fabulous injera bread, and ye misir wot, ye atikilt wot, shiro wot, ye gomen wot, kir qey wot, & azifa. Most of these are some kind of legume that is stewed with spices, and I love them all, but my favorites are really the ye gomen wot (sauteed collard greens with tomatoes and onions) and the ye atikilt wot (spring beans, carrots & potatoes sauteed with onions and tomatoes). I'd probably order just one of those as my entree next time. The vegetarian rice is similar, but exchanges rice for the injera. Personally I love injera so I'd always choose that, but my partner prefers rice, so that works out nicely.

Under the COVID19 restaurant closure order, we had to do takeout, and it was a little eerie seeing the restaurant so empty. The woman who served us was very friendly though, just like I remember. I'll probably try a few of the other Ethiopian restaurants in the neighborhood over the next few months, but it's great to know that there's a reliable option like Abyssinia, and we'll have to see how the other restaurants measure up!
From what I understand, any Ethiopian Restaurant is only as good and authentic as its Kitfo (thanks Sam).  And if I had to rate this Kitfo I'd say it was a complete success.  Lets get something clear, if you're gonna order Kitfo then please don't be bore and eat it in its traditional and raw state.  The way it's eaten in its homeland and the way it should be eaten here in the states (raw).  .  I couldn't stop eating the many different dishes we ordered and by the end of the food-fest I was stuffed (I think I still am stuffed, wheewww!).  We had a mixture of raw Kitfo and other meats including great lamb dish, along with many of the vegetarian dishes which were some of the tastiest veggie dishes I've ever tasted.  I love the family style served on a single platter for everyone to pick at with their own fingers.  

I'll warn you that this isn't a Steven Star restaurant so don't expect a polished palace with all the decorative elements we all connect (wrongly) with a "good" restaurant.  If there's one thing I'm learning is that a good authentic, ethnic restaurant should appear the way it would in its homeland.  That means no disco balls, no fish tanks, no fancy paintings, no chandeliers, no upholstered chairs and sofa's, no dancing/singing waitresses, and not even a candle or flower on your table.  How about this:  JUST GOOD AUTHENTIC FOOD!   Isn't that what this is about? 

Abyssinia is good, authentic Ethiopian food served as it would be to their families back home.  What more could you ask for other then some good home cooking.  List me as a huge fan, and I'll be back again real soon (that's a hint Sam).
nothing says 'cinco de mayo' quite like ethiopian food. er, uh...whatever. let's just say, anyone who knows me knows that mexican bars/restaurants on cinco de mayo are like irish pubs on st. patty's day: not.my.bag.

so while many were likely starting their may 5th meals with chips & salsa, my friends and i headed to abyssinia, where we shared a bowl of azifa fitfit - pieces of injera (squishy, sour bread) mixed with lentils, onions & spices. it was gobbled up faster than you can say 'tequila' as we had been waiting for quite some time since placing our order, and we were huuuungry! thankfully, our entrees arrived shortly after the app.

for just under $10, the vegetarian combo platter (eaten by 4 out of 5 diners[1] at my table), is a total steal - highly recommend. you get equal size mini-portions of 6 different veg dishes[2] plus salad, all served on a giant piece of injera, with even more injera on the side for scooping up the [mostly] puree-style veggies. unfortunately, i didn't find anything to be spicy, but it was all quite flavorful, and i managed to finish everything on my plate[3]!


[1] only 3 of us actually ordered this. one ordered a meat combo platter and the other ordered a chicken sandwich, but was served the veg platter instead?? since the wait for food was already long enough, and we had a movie to catch, he sucked it up and ate what was brought his way sans complaint, but definite star loss there.

[2] and those 6 dishes would be:  ye'misir wot (split lentils), ye'atikilt wot (sauteed string beans, carrots and potatoes), shiro wot (powdered split peas), ye' gomen wot (collard greens), ye' kik alicha (yellow split peas) & azifa (whole brown lentils).

[3] for anyone who follows my reviews, you know that i am queen of the leftovers, but i assure you that the portion size of this platter is indeed quite large; i just ate a small lunch in anticipation of my dinner ;)
Oh man!  I can't even justify two stars.  I was SO looking forward to coming here... I love the 45th corner @ Locust and I'm totally down with eating with my hands.  I brought a dubious friend and sadly his qualms were sustained.  

Where to begin?  I've had a couple great Ethiopian experiences prior to this (once in DC and also at *Almaz* on 20th near Walnut), so I thought I would get myself out to W Philly and give it a try.  The service was SO so so SO bad.  There's just one woman who walks around and she's a pretty slow person as is (it wasn't particularly crowded on this Thursday evening), but I felt ignored and rejected from her restaurant.  At one low point, I thought it was quite possible that our food would never come.  Once it did, 7 years later, my friend couldn't eat his meaty thing cause it was so damn hot, and my veggie platter was honestly just OK and sorta bland.  I've had the veg sampler at Almaz (second shoutout, can't help it), and it's far superior and a bit cheaper.

Now let's do the math.... terrible service = no water refills.  Terribly hot food = I need water NOW.  The whole experience just felt kinda icky.  I wanted to like the decor and layout of the restaurant, but it was really just meh.  Hopefully my friend will still be up for trying new restaurants with me....
Love this place.  They have okay beers (Lager and Sam Adams bottles) a full array of juices and it satisfies that palates of my carnivores, veggies, and epi-uncurious friends.  Plus, you get to eat with your fingers.  Who doesn't love that?

It's a group eating experience, so you should have your veggie friends specifically ask for a separate plate for their dinner.  Some items are spicy so go easy at first.

They have a crazy cabbage dish that I love, and all the dal dishes I've had are really good, too.  Beware, the chicken dishes come with a hard boiled egg, which sometimes looks a little weird when covered in the sauce.

BEWARE THE NGERA BELLY ACHE!  Everything is served with a spongy almost pancake like bread (ngera) that you use to scoop your stuff up with.  This stuff expands in your belly after you eat it, so try to go easy on it while eating or about 20 mins after you're done, you will have to pull an Al Bundy and pop that top button on your pants.

I've been here with 1 other person up to 10 people.  The staff is really nice and there's a full bar upstairs too.
Time for me to check out some Ethiopian food in West Philly, so I came here with my buddy and his girlfriend on Friday night.

As I have never had Ethiopian food before, I deferred to them on ordering.  I did make sure to try out the manjo juice, and that was pretty tasty.

We had a large plate brought over with a thin wafer like dough.  You then have different meats poured onto it, and use pieces of the thin wafer to scoop up some of the meat (just watch out for the bones!).  Additionally, you can eat the bread that is underneath the meat, as it has soaked up the additional juices-it was a tasty treat in the end.

A few notes-come around 7pm and you can get a table. By 8pm, the place was full.  The ambience is interesting, as it has a home style environment. The room is intimate and feels like you are apart of a large extended dining room. They also have a bar too.  Prices aren't bad, and you certainly get enough of a serving size-especially if you go family style.

Overall, another hidden gem in West Philly that I just discovered
I used to live in West Philly and, well, that whole West Philly scene just wasn't for me. There just didn't seem to be much to do over in that neck of the woods, and to each his own by all means. However, Abyssinia and the little bar above it , Fiume, were two of my favorite haunts. I love the vegetarian platter at Abyssinia, and the only reason why I am giving the place 3 stars is because the service is just god-awful and slow as molasses! If you just need a quick meal this is not the place to go. I have waited up to 1&1/2 hours just to get a plate of food at Abyssinia. The upside to that is if you want to meet a friend to catch up over dinner, this is the place to go because you will get to chat it up forever...

...and ever...

...and EVER...

until your food finally gets to you.
Nice little neighborhood restaurant with an adjacent full bar.
As others have said before, the food is amazing! I think I had Ethiopian food for the first time here, and I'm already craving it. We ordered a salad, which looked at little bland, but turned out to be seasoned with a delicious, very peppery dressing. We also shared the vegetarian plate, which consisted of a sample of five or six different dishes, all of which were spiced right on-spot. I really liked the Injera bread, too, but beware - it does have the tendency to expand in you stomach. 
No complaints about the service, either. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area.
love that vegetarian platter.  it's worth visiting just for it and i'll surely be back for it. 

but as others mention the service is more or less non-existant, and i really feel the place would benefit from a nice helping of clorox and elbow grease.
Abyssinia is solid enough for Philly, but I haven't had any good Ethiopian food in Philly.  Multiple people have told me that either Abyssinia or Dahlak are the best places for Ethiopian, so I've basically given up on eating Ethiopian in this city.  Unless I get a recommendation from someone who seems to know better.  

Abyssinia's food is all right.  Definitely edible.  Some stuff is tastier, some is more on the bland side.

But, I LOVE Ethiopian food and can't get enough of it when it's great, or even just good.  This was definitely disappointing.  I have no desire to eat here again, which is saying a lot coming from me, given how much I miss Ethiopian food...

***And if you know an excellent place for Ethiopian in Philly, I implore you, please clue me in!
I really really want to say that I just caught Abyssinia on a fluke day. The food was incredible (albeit similar to some other spots). However the service and waiting times were ridiculous and just left a lot to be desired.

We were seated instantly but waited 15 minutes to have our orders taken. factor in the 5+ minutes that it took to get our mango juice and have our water glasses filled, the 20+ minutes that it took to get our entrees, the 5+ minutes to get our drinks refilled, and the 10+ minutes to get our bill squared away and you might be noticing a trend for the evening. I'm usually not one to be picky about such, But  it was on a Sunday lull with an average amount of patrons. And we were seated next to a squeeky ceiling fan, so we were able to place an annoying sound to the waiting process.

The Lamb that I ordered was great and seasoned to perfection. and my friend really enjoyed his collard greens. But I found the food to be overwhelmingly similar to Dahlak's. But since I've never experienced the waiting issues I had while eating at Dahlak, I'm almost tempted to say go there instead. Abyssinia does have the best bar in all of West Philadelphia though (I think we all know about Fiume by now). And you can order Abyssinia's food while you drink up there. So I definitely recommend doing that to make the wait a little more fun.
I'm no expert of Ethiopian food, but if this restaurant is representative, the stuff is amazing! I usually get a meat combo platter to share with another person. It's a huge portion and can feed both of us, plus it splits the already-reasonable price down to a steal. The giant plate consists of an injera (an Ethiopian spongy flatbread) covered with a variety of vegetables, lentils, and saucy meats, all wonderfully seasoned and spiced. The catch - no utensils here! You're served a couple more flatbreads on the side, and you eat by dipping or scooping the food with chunks of the bread. And don't forget the saucy bottom injera when you finish all the toppings! It's messy but quite fun - just wash your hands before and after.

As other reviews note, the service here is kind of slow and spotty (there seem to only be only two waitresses handling everything), and you'll probably have to chase down a waitress for one reason or another. Thus, between the time you'll be waiting and the unique style of eating, this place is ideal for long drawn-out bonding with friends, like when you need to catch up or spill some gossip.
This was my first time eating Ethiopian food and I have to say that the food was pretty good.  I had the combination dish that included curried lamb, chicken, beef and vegetables.  The service was very slow; there were only two very patient and friendly ladies serving the entire dining area and they were packed.  The meal overall was good.

Now the bad.  After we paid the check I made my way to the restroom.  This is why I will not dine at this restaurant again.  In my opinion it is as important, if not more, that a restaurant has a clean restroom.  Patrons see the restroom so you would think restaurateurs would at minimum keep a tidy bathroom.  When they obviously could care less, that gives me concern about the kitchen's condition.  This bathroom was filthy!  There was shaved hair on the sink that had obviously been there for some time, the toilet paper holder had no cover, the paper towels were on the sink getting soaked and there was a holder above the sink, maybe it was broke too.  Worst of all the toilet seat was HORRIBLE!  The pictures speak for themselves. 

The food was good, but I can not look pass the cleanliness issues.
I've decided Abyssinia won. It was due to the discovery of the upstairs bar with the huge selection of tasty beers from all over the world. Chimay and Ethiopian... Priceless. I was a Dahlak fan but it hasn't been the same since the passing of the owner. Not to mention REALLY Dirty...
And since I'm not a west PHillthy hippy or wannabee hippie i don't dig the outside at Dahlak either.

The food At Abyssinia is fresher, plumper, more meat, tastier and just downright better.
the food is amazing!! my only advice is to order less not more. the injera bread has the capacity expand in your stomach without warning... ultimately giving rise to food children and the unwanted burp/regurg. 

be prepared to wait close to an hour for the food to come out. and when it does, remember to eat slowly to avoid the aforementioned bloated fate.
My favorite of the Ethiopian restaurants in the neighborhood. I always get the vegetarian combo and I am never disappointed. If I were rating JUST the food, I would give it five stars.

The rest? The decor is atrocious, the seats uncomfortable, and the stairs to the bathroom feel like they might cave in at any second. Expect to wait around 45 minutes to get your food, and expect that at least once, someone on the staff will look at you as if they hope you'll get jumped by a pack of hipsters from the Green Line across the street.

But you know, you go because it's good food, and because there's alcohol.
The food gets 4 stars. 

The experience gets -3 stars.

I'm averaging it out to 1 star.

So the service is always slow here. If you look at the Zagat review for Abyssinia it actually says they have poor service. AND THEY HAVE THE BALLS TO HANG THAT UP ON THE WALL IN THE DINING ROOM. I shit you not. If you eat there you'll see a zagat review that says basically: food = good. Service = bad.

BELOW IS WHY I'M NEVER GOING BACK

Well, if you ever go with a coupon they try to get you to not use it and that's why I'm never going back. I brought a $25 coupon I purchased off of allmenus.com for $12.50. When I got there they said I wasn't allowed to use it. I explained that they can't do that and I would walk out and not pay then. So they said it's ok and I could use it and gave me a new bill with $27 WORTH OF EXTRA STUFF I NEVER BOUGHT ON IT. I said they gave me the wrong bill and then the owner came out and said that I had to pay that bill. i said he was out of his mind if he thought that could ever work. The owner called the number on the coupon to verify it was real and after he verified it was in fact legit, he said he decided he WAS still not going to honor it and just give me $12.50 off of my bill. I said either they give $25 off OR I walk out and pay nothing. FINAL THREAT. They decided to give me $25 off. 

Fuck that shit dawg.
I enjoyed a late afternoon-early evening meal with friends here last year and had a really good experience.  When I arrived, it wasn't busy so I didn't deal with any of the lag in service that others have complained about.  My friends and I spent a leisurely several hours at our table and we weren't in any hurry, so our expectations jived with the pace of service at Abyssinia.  We chose Abyssinia because my friends are vegans and the menu her easily accomodated them.   We share a HUGMONGOUS vegetarian platter (I've never seen such a huge plate in my life.)  It was various preparations of bean dishes, all diverse, tasty and satisfying.  This particular meal is meant to be eaten using ones hands to scoop up mouthfuls of the bean dishes with ethopian bread.  I wouldn't have thought a meal of beans would have been satisfying, but it was and my palate was tantalized.  I readily enjoyed my meal. I agree that the seating is very uncomfortable... very tight especially once the place gets busy and you're back to back with other diners.   Although I also agree the place is a bit dark and dingy and service is slower than some might be accustomed too, I would definitely return, especially with a party of vegetarians because the food is very good.
....nah.

The main reason why this place gets high ratings from time to time is because it's the most conveniently accessible location in West Philly for those closest to Penn, and Kaffa Crossing which is only 5 blocks down is "too far". If there was only 1 grocery store in your neighborhood and the next closest was 3 miles away, wouldn't you give it rave reviews? Extreme analogy but you get it.
 
I'm not really hatin' though. I used to love this place. It used to be "the spot". But then ordering from them 3x in a row only to get mashed potato-flavored lentils, kinda bland sides (what happened to you?), and cold items made me shake my head in dissappointment for eternity. It gets 2 stars because 1 would just be cruel...
This place has really grown on me, and not like a bad fetty wap album. No shade. 
Getting take-out is one of the best parts about this place on a cold raining day where the healthy options in the neighborhood after 9pm are pizza and chinese food. The food is fairly priced and the staff is always welcoming. It's better to order here on your way home because it does take a while like i mentioned in a previous review, but fresh food should take a while. 
I love it.
I much prefer Abyssinia to Dahlak (perhaps also due to being a block's walk from my house) - the staff is great, the food is prepared more carefully i think than the other Ethiopian spots.  The atmosphere is perhaps not as warm as previous posters have mentioned of Dahlak, but the pros outweigh the cons.  

The vegetarian platter is delicious, and surprisingly filling for two people.
While passing through Philly, I stopped by this place to try the highly rated atmosphere. I grew up in Ethiopia and cook Ethiopian cuisine very well, so my expectations were very high to this restaurant. 

The restaurant feels like an old funeral home in a third world country. The building is falling apart. The chairs are worn out, broken and tables are not stable. The curtains and table clothes have not been washed in a long time. You can spot food stains as well as dirt. Old carpet, peeling wall papers and unclean restrooms. I am surprised that the Department of Health has not cited this restaurant. This place would not make it in NYC or SF. 

Major food ingredients are of very cheap quality. The chicken legs were not cleaned properly. Food lacked basic and appropriate spices. No garlic or ginger. The salad, lentils and stew dishes did not taste fresh. Again, I am impressed how this place continued to sell substandard quality 'authentic' food. 

Plastic cups and plates to serve drinks and foods detract from the experience. 

Never again. If you had similar experiences, please call the Department of Health to report this restaurant. The place is a public health hazard.
Despite the food being my absolute favorite in University City, I can only give this place 3 stars. The service is bad. The ladies at the front are the only ones waiting on a full room. Before they renovated, they were very kind and nice. After, when they got more business, they became more cold and defensive. Our last time there, we had to wait over an hour for our food. Tables that arrived after us got their food much earlier. When we asked about this, the waitress told us it was coming out any minute. It did not. We were about to leave when finally, after an hour and fifteen, it came out. I was hangry and my husband was upset so our evening vibe was ruined. They were not apologetic at all and denied that another table was served before us. That was a turning point for me. I care about service alot and this was poor service. We were really loyal customers too.

If you really want to go, get the vegetarian combo and the meat combo, and ask for some ayib. It's not on the menu but it's really good homemade farmer's cheese-like-cheese. They don't always have it but you are in for a treat if they do.

The atmosphere is casual and there is a bar upstairs. The bar is noisy and the area isn't too clean. I think this place had a lot of potential but the bad service is why I decided to stop coming here. We even wrote the waitress a note because we did feel bad. We used to go there a lot so it felt like a vendor break-up.

Even so, check out this place at least once for some really tasty food. It's a good place to go with a group or on a date because the eating style is very communal-rip off a piece of injera to grab some food.
I've been in Philadelphia 6 years and usually go to Dahlak when I want Ethiopian. Well, my friend and I desired to try a different Ethiopian restaurant and we've walked by Abyssinia several times since it's nearby our coffeehouses (Earth Cup, Cafe Clave and right across the street from Green Line - Locust St location.)

We may have been hesitant because we thought it was strictly a bar with Ethiopian cuisine but have since discovered, there's a restaurant part too. The restaurant door is on the side, on Locust street.

They have a good selection of vegetarian and non-vegetarian, a few combination platters and you can order off menu. The combinations: are already pre-selected, so, if you are hungry for a particular dish, you are better ordering off the menu.

Both my friend  and I did that: She ordered Yedoro Tibs and I ordered Yedoro Alicha. They come with two veggie dishes of choice. They give you lots of food for your money and it's really tasty too! Both our dishes were under $10! We liked our main entrees, sides and injera. We prefer Dahlak's Salad. 

 We ordered salad which came beforehand (not used to that, but, after our dinner arrived we understood why).

Apparently, in Israel at Ethiopian restaurants, they bring out veggie dishes on big  platter and it looks empty.  Then, they bring out meat dishes separately and poor onto the big platter where veggies are, so, no room for the big salad. 

The only thing negative is I can say about the meal : they did not keep our dishes together, but, since there were just two of us, we didn't care. 

The dining room was full and there were only two waitresses. We thought our food arrived very quickly as we were expecting a much longer wait especially from past experiences on a Friday night.! Kudos to the wait staff! We will return....
I hung out at the bar here for a few hours with my boyfriend to procrastinate going home during a crazy storm, and it was so chill and fun here!
Drinks were cheap, especially with them having a city wide special. We didn't get any food while here, but my boyfriend says that it's delicious. 
We'll be back again soon!
Stopped by for some takeout after someone highly recommended eating food from here.  The parking around this part of the City can be challenging.  I had to park several blocks away, but I could use the exercise and the food made my efforts worth it!

I had Qaunta Fitfit, which had a bed of ingera with the food on top of it, they then fold that ingera over the food and then put a whole separate ingera on top of everything for you to tear and pinch the food with.  The meal itself has bits of injera mixed with dried sirloin beef, onions, and tomato sauce.  The flavors were great, garlic, kick of hot pepper, beef and onions mostly.  Not 100% sure, but I think for dipping they had mashed split peas and possibly lentils.

It was a big lunch and quite a bit of food for $12.  I needed a nap after I ate!  Great take out experience and the food was awesome!
I came here as a tourist from NY on a Wednesday evening. This is a well decorated restaurant with plenty of seats. There is a bar at the entrance, and tables at the back of the restaurant. Prices are cheap with most meals costing $8-15.

I ordered the Yebeg (lamb) tibs for $14. I have been too so many Ethiopian restaurants and this dish is almost always grilled with onions, tomatoes and green peppers. The dish came in some sort of stew, with the waitress telling me after the fact that I should have specified how I wanted it ("dry or wet"). Really?

They were kind enough to redo it. The meal itself was okay--subpar compared to LA and NY restaurants.   

service was really slow even though the restaurant was not busy. The waitress seemed a bit disorganized...

Overall, you get what you pay for...
First time having Ethiopian food and I'm hooked. 
Such beautifully layered flavors and notes of brightness. 

It really says much when you can over look thirst because of your desire to keep eating the delicious food. 
And I'm not really the one to overlook an empty water glass, but I'll bring a jug next time and not complain.
Update: Noticing some troubling things with you, Abyssinia! The prices are going up, the portions are going down, and so is the quality! Meat is getting tougher and the sides don't even include gomen wot anymore unless you ask. Going to give you a little break for a bit and when I come back, hope to experience your excellence once more.
Let me start off by saying the food is sensational! I've eaten in a number of times and the service has been fine. 

However, the service when calling to pick up an order, oh the service... I've ordered out from them about 20x by calling ahead. Literally, every time that I arrive my food is not ready. I think they literally start the order when I arrive. It's particularly annoying because I drive from pretty far away and I even began calling a 2nd time before I arrive, notifying them that I will be arriving in 15 mins or so. 

It's like they dont respect the time of their customers at all. This same thing happened to 2 of my other friends who have stopped going to Abyssinia for this reason. I'm the last one still standing. 

I think this feature of the restaurant gets on the nerves of many customers and the restaurant could increase their revenue substantially if they fixed this one flaw in their system. 

This is perhaps the restaurants only flaw, otherwise I would give them a 5-star rating!
i came with a bunch of friends here on a friday night to celebrate a birthday and the place was packed. even so, the service was TOO slow, you could literally see the waitress loitering around the cashier table in the front instead of constantly making rounds to see if any of the tables needed anything.

i had no idea what to expect from ethiopian food, but it actually surprised me and turned out to be pretty good (and with spice! my fav). it's kind of a foreign concept for me to be served different globs of food on pieces of injera bread, but it worked somehow.

i'm always up for trying new things and i'll try anything once. but i'm not sure if i'll eat ethiopian again. i feel like it's rude to ask for a fork because it goes against their cultural traditions, but i really HATE eating with my hands. call it a pet peeve. you should see me when i have to eat baby back ribs or at boiling crab. there's a sign on either their website or menu.. i forget which.. that says if you're not comfortable eating with your hands, you can request a fork. but when some of us requested forks, the waitress just stared at us and didn't do anything about it. uhhh hello i didn't ask for a fork as a rhetorical question. it was awkward to say the least, so we just continued eating with our hands. what else was there to do?
We called to ask if the injera was gluten free and were told that it was, so we booked a reservation for 8 of us. The place has bright florescent lights and is generally not very attractive, but we didn't really care and went ahead and ordered. 

When I took a bite of the appetizer, made with injera, my daughter, who was speaking with the waitress, shouted over not to eat it - that it had gluten! Too late!! Luckily my allergy is not so strong that it sent me to the hospital - but for someone else it easily could have become a serious situation. 

I spoke to the owner/manager and they tried to explain how they make the injera and would have needed us to tell them days ahead so they could have made it - but it took him a long time to understand that even a small bit of wheat contains enough gluten to matter. They did not offer to comp a meal or do anything special. We found another place to eat.
This was a really good place to visit for some yummy Ethiopian food. The atmosphere is lovely, with just the right amount of artifacts. The food was delicious and served the traditional style - with lots of injera.  We went with a group of friends, all veg, who enjoyed a lot of food. The wait staff was undaunted by our special requests and worked hard to ensure that we had a good time with a lot of good food. The price was right too, and on street parking is available within a block or so.
The food here is pretty good, but the service is a bit on the slow side (come on people, we need inefficiency here!).  The Yedoro tibs are very nicely seasoned and tender.  Amongst the vegetarian dishes, the collard greens and lentils are quite flavorful and go well with the injera.  Personally, I found the injera to be a bit too spongy for my taste.  Overall, there is nothing remarkable about this place.  It has Ethiopian food, maybe even decent Ethiopian food but I would not go out of my way to come here.
The first time I went to Abyssinia, the food was pretty solid. I am Eritrean and tried kitfo (raw meat) for the first time at Abyssinia and it was pretty good. But then everytime after that, the food was just awful. Here's the thing, I think because they serve a predominately non-Ethiopian crowd, they don't cook the food as well as they can. They get lazy with the ingredients. Throwing way too much onions into the sauces making them sweet, serving raw meat that tastes like it's been sitting at room temperature for an hour, and injera that is so thin you have to eat twice as much. Service is slow, which would be acceptable if the food was up to par. Eat at your own risk.....
the most important things you need to know about Abyssinia: 

1) you will wait (and wait) for your food to arrive. 
2) it will be worth it.
One of my top and most favorite restaurants in Philly.  I always tend to default here or Vietnamese when craving ethnic cuisine.  The food is amazing, cheap, and extremely filling.  Love the wait staff.  Yes, according to American Standards, service can be considered slow, but in this case its a great sign...it means the food is freshly prepared and cooked to order (for the most part) plus it gives the true feeling of an "ethnic restaurant ambiance."  My family lived in Ethiopia and has always said that this is as close as they've ever had outside.
Get the meat combinations where you get 3 different meats and three different veggie sides over huge injera bread. Sometimes they will combine all the dishes ordered into one huge platter... Ask the waitress to keep the dishes separate so that a) you get more food b) nobody steals your share of the food and c) you don't know where your friends' hands have been. 

The alicha wat (yellow lentils in a mild oniony sauce) is delicious! I'm still thinking about it... Mmm... I wish this place were BYO.
If you like steak and can handle spice, get the gored gored. 

My favorite dish on their menu AND the best gored gored in Philly.
I've ordered takeout a few times from Abyssinia and I have to say, their food is delicious. It's not the best Ethiopian food I've had before, but it really does hit the spot and Abyssinia is generous with their portions.

+PARKING/SERVICE: Can't comment on this since I've only ever ordered delivery from here.

+FOOD: If you're looking for food with FLAVOR, they try out Abyssinia. Each order of mains came with plenty of injera to scoop up all the fillings and you'll definitely be full by the end. I will say their injera is on the lighter color side/less vinegary taste. Definitely a lot more bland and less sour than the injera I'm typically used to. Still great for soaking up all the sauces.

-Kitfo: *RAW MEAT* If you're feeling adventurous and don't have a problem with uncooked beef, try their kitfo. It does have a ton of heat and my stomach wasn't too happy the next day from all the spiciness. In their "medium" came out pretty rare. But it's so delicious! The kitfo comes with ayib, which is a type of Ethiopian cheese to cool down your taste buds.
 
-Vegetarian Combination: Love that Abyssinia is vegetarian friendly! It comes with a variety of green veggie and lentil/greens, so you can a taste of their different vegetarian offerings. A favorite was definitely  the yemisir wot, a type of lentil spiced curry. 

-Meat Combination: In addition to the vegetarian side, this comes with chicken, lamb, and beef. The chicken (doro wot) was really good. I found the lamb (yebeg alicha) to be way too tough and gamey for me. The beef (key wot) was so-so. I actually enjoyed the vegetarian sides more than the protein besides the doro wot.

-Veggie Samosa: I will say there are some inconsistencies with their food. The first time I ordered their veggie samosas (each other comes with 3 pieces), it was fresh and crispy. The second time I ordered it, it came out stale/old. Had a very distinct chewy texture like it had been sitting out for a while.

+PRICE: Great for the amount of food you get! Each main order/combo platter is less than $15 and I have a hard type finishing everything because of all the injera Abyssinia gives you on the side.

Overall: Great restaurant to eat Ethiopian food. The menu is very large and you can find something for everyone. Both vegetarians and meat eaters will be satisfied by their food.
I took the opportunity last night after a different event to bring my best friend in the world to this restaurant, since it is on our way home. I have previously loved this restaurant and was completely addicted to it. But last night was a complete disappointment. We ordered the meat combo platter. A lot of the dishes were very watery. The beef was too salty. The injera was not nearly sour enough. There was no dressing on the salad. Almost every one of the 7 dishes in the combo platter was different than I remembered it (only one that was pretty similar was the lamb). I ended up asking the waitress, whom I had never seen before, if the cook had changed. She said, "no," then asked me if the dishes were better before or now. I reluctantly had to say it was better then. And didn't add that it was a LOT better then :p. Very disappointed.
This place is a gem. I will admit that I eat here at the very least twice a month. It is almost an addiction. Ethiopian food has been one of my favorite foods ever since the very first time I ever tried it! SO GOOD! 

I love the food, and it is extremely authentic. I even have Ethiopian friends who frequent this place and attest to its authenticity. My all time favorites that I always order are the kitfo (which I opt to get raw) and the yebeg alicha. I love that all the meat platters are accompanied by vegetarian sides. The injera is slightly sour without being overpowering and usually super soft and thick. 

With all that being said, there are two things that I have come to accept while eating here: 

1) You will always wait forever for your food. Whether you order in or take out, you will ways wait 15-20 mins longer than expected. 

2) The customer service is hit or miss. They're typically really nice, but are not keen on superior service (e.g. filling water, making eye contact). 

Even with these in mind, the food is spectacular and can easily fill you and your family for less than $50. This place isn't trying to be anything than what it is-- an extraordinary Ethiopian food spot. 

The food speaks for itself.
Very good and fresh. Those who don't know why there are no forks and knives, it's because you eat with your hands. So bring some wipes and dig in. ALSO, it takes a LONG time to get your food. A lot of people already mentioned this in their reviews. It's worth it, and the portions are massive. 

Overall you get a great sense of the culture through their food. So get adventurous and make it down here.
I have been to this restaurant numerous times.  The food is delicious and totally addicting.  The menu is much more extensive than almost all the other Ethiopian restaurants in West Philly.  The food always seems like it has been stewed for hours in an array of spices.  I have been known to inhale the food so fast that I get hiccups.  I have only found one Ethiopian place better than Abyssinia and that is Ethio Cafe.  Although it is a close race, I suspect (only going by my feelings) that there is a bit of msg in the food here.

     Some random strange facts that I picked up about this place over the years:
1.  The injera strangely enough is a lot more sour after being reheated.  
2.  There is a bar upstairs next to the bathroom in addition to the downstairs one near the front door.
3.  The waitresses are always nice and seem to be moving faster than they used to and a little faster than most other Ethiopian restaurants.
Oh man! What an experience. This place is seriously cool. You eat the food here with your hands and what a good time it is! The food is delicious and spicy. There service is pleasant. The atmosphere isn't the greatest but once your start eating nothing else matters.
Don't come hungry. Come about an hour before you think you'll be hungry. Then enjoy some of Philadelphia's best Ethiopian food. I really love the combination platters, especially #1 which comes with beef tibs. But there is nothing like ordering the Meat Combination. If you have to eat vegetables, I love the lentils and collard greens.
I absolutely love Abyssinia! No other Ethiopian restaurant in the area is better! I love this place! I literally ben eating from here everyday for the last 2 1/2 straight weeks! Cant wait to get off work an get another platter tonight! My fave is tender beef tibs with injera bread an lentils and cabbage!
I love ethopian food and this was the first ethopian place where I hated the food. First the wait was over 1 hour and the food had no taste at all. I love Doro wot and I always get that. This was the worst Doro wot I have ever had. The service was also terrible. Will never  come back.
I came with an Ethiopian friend who highly recommended the restaurant. We came at about 6pm on a Monday and walked through the bar to the more spacious dining room. The back half was decorated with sort-of-traditional (or so she told me) chairs and tables, but we sat at one of the normal ones. It took about 10-15 minutes of sitting and talking to realize that our servers did not know anyone was in the dining room, so she got up and went to get them.

We ordered a combination platter of three different stewed meats and our choice of three vegetables, and a dish called "tibs fitfit" which consisted of chunks of injera (traditional sour, spongy flatbread) mixed with a spicy beef stew. The whole meal was served to us family style on a gigantic piece of injera, with an additional plate stacked with injera to eat with the stews. I had a ton of fun getting used to eating everything with my hands. 

All of the meats were fantastic. My favorite, the lamb stew, was tender and covered in a rich sauce with spices that complemented the natural gaminess of the lamb. The "Doro wott", or stewed chicken, was covered in a slightly milder but equally delicious, orange-red sauce. The drumstick was cooked perfectly, tender but not too fall-of-the-bone soft that it lacked texture. My next favorite was the fitfit, which had the same flavors as the other stews but with a delicious, spicy kick (couldn't stop sweating!). Even my least favorite of the meats, the beef stew, was still something I could eat a whole dish of.

The stewed vegetable sides that came with the platter were also surprisingly delicious and mixed well with the meats and flatbread. The "kik alicha" (split pea) was smooth and tasty, while the "misr watt" (lentils) had a richer, earthier flavor and retained some of the texture from the lentils.

Everything I ate here was absolutely delicious. Our servers were friendly and portions were large- we were stuffed and still had a box of leftovers. I wish I could give the place 4.5 stars, but have to round down because of the initially slow service and the dingy bathrooms (which is understandable in Philly, but still). Would absolutely come back, though, and would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a nice Ethiopian meal, whether you are a veteran or have never seen Ethiopian food in your life.
We went here a few times with the recommendation of a coworker (who preferred Abyssinia over the other restaurant Dahlak).

The main dining room was big, and the tables were scattered. Instead of the traditional baskets, there were regular chairs and tables. The lighting is dim and sets a nice ambiance. The menu is  vegetarian-friendly and meateater-friendly. 

We ordered a few veggie entrees, a beef entree, a lamb entree, and the spicy chicken entree (doro wot) to split between 3 of us. We regretted not ordering an appetizer as it took quite a while for the entrees to come out. When it came out, it was on a very large plate and took up almost the entire table. Extra plates with Injera bread was given too. All of the dishes were very tasty and the meat selections were tender as well. I really like the doro wot as it had a nice kick to it, though the hardboiled egg that came with it is hard to split. We were very full and content and there was still food unfinished.

There is one lady working the floor. She is the hostess, the order taker, and the server. So when there are quite a few tables, service is quite slower. It was hard getting water refills sometimes.

I would have given it a 5/5 if service was better. But 4 will suffice. There is also a bar area where people were drinking, eating, and watching tv at.

Street parking can be a pain. One time we parked 1/2 a block away, another time 4 blocks away.
I was really skeptical about this place. I entered from the bar side and I didn't see many people.... just old guys drinking at the bar & some shady tables. But when we went in I saw their was a seperate room for dining. I got the lamb stew. I have been dreaming about it ALLLLLLLLLLLL day. Its all i want right now.

Service was a little slow that is what I am deducting a star. But the food was banging.
Maybe it was the nostalgia of walking through the first Philadelphia neighborhood I called home. Or maybe it was the fact that I had forgotten just how good the food is. But I can't walk away from my recent visit leaving a three star review in my wake.

Nothing about the interior has changed. I still feel like I might fall through the stairs on my way up to the bathroom. The downstairs bar is as no frills as it gets. The molding on the walls shows which direction the house has settled over the years, and the furniture and wall art looks worn around the edges. The prices are still absurdly low. With all the new shiny restaurants popping up all over Philly, Abyssinia brings more charm than ever.

I must have been there on an off night because the staff was pleasant and smiling. Even if they weren't, I would still upgrade my review. And I look forward to coming back the next time I'm reminiscing in the neighborhood.
Worth the trip. Those are the most important words. Aside from that, it's a neat little neighborhood restaurant that offers really good food. Looking at a previous review that stated some people get the runs, well, if you haven't the constitution for Ethiopian food - eat at McDonald's [on better thought, don't - you'll still get the runs]. My only complaint with Abyssinia is that the staff can be like an old 1970's Cutlass - slow and unresponsive but the place is so roomy and comfortable, you don't mind as much. Prices are reasonable and portions will leave you FULL. But be aware, this place can be packed from time to time so make sure you park your Cutlass within walking distance as there's no where to sit in the bar area.
I've been to Abyssinia a couple times. Each time the food is excellent and a great deal. I usually get one of the combination platters with an extra entree to split for the table (2-4 people). I asked for my food to have a bit more heat than usual and they accommodated it perfectly. 

My only reservation is the service is inconsistent. The food is usually on the slower side, but the wait staff is variable. Sometimes, you have to flag them down for water (and remind them you asked) or the check. But other times, my water was never empty and they constantly checked on my table.
If I could, I'd give Abyssinia 2.5 stars, if only because I gave its competitor, Dahlak, 3 stars, and Dhalak is clearly the better restaurant. 

Abyssinia has a few legs up on the Dahlak, though. First, its much more accessible than the big D, and I'd actually feel safe walking there from the University of Pennsylvania campus late at night. Second, it's a slightly brighter, more traditional dining experience, with plenty of room to accommodate bigger parties. 

The bad part? The service is weak. And it can't just be me, because everyone I know says this about the place. You can wait as much as 45 minutes to get all your food on the table, and the plain, rarely full restaurant offers little to keep you amused during that huge, unexplainable time period (except beer). The injeri is nothing out of the ordinary, either, although I love the product itself so much that I would rarely complain.

Abyssinia also has a bar upstairs, which, thematically, has nothing to do with the Ethiopian food served below, but it does seem to draw in some interesting characters.  

Another pro, I guess, is that, despite its convenient location, University City people tend to be much more familiar with Dahlak, so if you're looking for a more low-key Ethiopian vibe, it's probably worth checking out Abyssinia.
First time eating Ethiopian food and it was pretty delicious. We tried the meat combo along with a sweet chicken curry dish as well as a lamb dish. Everything was perfectly seasoned, flavorful, and spicy. The meat combo came with 3 meats and 3 veg dishes. Everything was served with injera (a thin, moist, crepe like) which was lemony. 
Service was good, but a bit slow. Overall, yummy food.
Delicious, Inexpensive Ethiopian Cuisine In Laid Back Setting
Enjoy the Adventure!

I was introduced to Abyssina's about two years ago, and although I was a little nervous trying Ethiopian for the first time - especially in a hole-in-the-wall in University City - I fell in love and have been back various times.  At first glance Abyssina's may not appear to be a great restaurant, and if ambiance and sparkling china is what you're looking for, this isn't your place.  But if you're looking for good Ethiopian food, cheap wine/beer and delicious baklava, then this is most definitely your place!  And bonus points for it being really affordable too!  

I suggest trying the Abyssina Special # 2, which comes with a variety of spiced meat dishes and well seasoned veggies and lentils.  At this point I believe I've tried all the lentils and peas they have and enjoy them all.  My must-have dishes are the Ye misir wot (split lentils in berbere sauce, basil, garlic, onions & spices), Ye atikilt wot (veggies in tomatoes, ginger, garlic & turmeric sauce), Yebega qey wot (lamb stew in berbere & spices).  Some other favorites are the Kifto done well instead of rare (spiced beef), Doro Wot (spicy chicken in berbere), Ye Gomen Wot (collard greens, onions, garlic, olive oil) & Azifa (brown lentils, jalapenos, onions, spices).  Even the simple salad has a light flavorful dressing, which is a delicious compliment to round out the meal.  

I always get my food combined with the others and served on the injera (crepe like bread with slight sourdough taste that you can scoop the food into your mouth with).  Although my boyfriend gets too filled up on the injera, I absolutely love when it gets soaked with all the spicy juices from the lamb and lentils.  Some of my favorite bites are toward the end when I can take this spice soaked crepe and scoop up two of my favorite dishes together in one perfectly blended spicy bite!  

Last night I tried the baklava for the first time and was pleasantly surprised by the price, size and quality!  It was a huge chunk, with many layers of flaky phyllo dough, they didn't skimp on the nuts and it was soaked with an abundance of sweet honey.  Delicious!  For $2.50 I will definitely get it again, but probably to go, since I am always so full when I leave.  

My service last night was the best I've ever had there.  She was prompt in seating us, filling our water, taking our order and bringing the food!  This has never happened before when I've gone.  Typically there's a wait for everything, including getting seated, getting water, ordering drinks, ordering food and then receiving the food and the check.  So, my advice is to expect to wait and enjoy a leisurely meal.  Don't come here if you're rushing off to see a movie or need to get home by 9PM for American Idol!  :)  

The decor is outdated and it's not the cleanest restaurant ever, but I've never had a problem with the food or any of the plates, cups or silverware.  The table cloths are sometimes stained and some of the chairs are broken, there's uneven paint on the wall and dingy curtains.  The restroom is a bit shady, up a flight of steps and although it's never been disgustingly dirty, I'm always anxious to leave it and get back to my table.  This is a true hole-in-the-wall, so again, I have to stress, come here for the food and conversation with your friends, not the ambiance and you'll be completely satisfied.  

Although I live past Manayunk, I make the trip to University City just to come here and dine with the eclectic crowd.  I 100% recommend trying this place whether you're a veteran Ethiopian eater or a novice.  Visit some thrift shops on the streets nearby, or check out an ethnic grocery store and make an afternoon of it!  Enjoy the adventure.
Let's establish something from the get...

1. It may be busy.
2. They don't have a huge staff.
3. It's an East African spot... service may be somewhat leisurely.

If you're cool with that and know It's all bout the food you'll be straight.

Pros... Their kitfo is to die for. They do lamb very well. The berbere is very good... umm... did I mention the kitfo is to die for.

Cons... The injera has just a slight sour. I assume they use a little less teff,(sour tasting Ethiopian grain) than some... but it is still decent, and their greens are a little bland... those are my biggest negatives here... which are minute. 

Great place to come to with a group of people, gather 'round a messob, relax, have some drinks, and enjoy some great Ethiopian fare.

2 more things... 

1.The prices are outstanding.
2.The kitfo is to die for!
Fantastic restaurant, tremendous portions and very afforable (entrees under $10 per person).   I got the spicy chicken and found it to be amazing.  Eating with your hands is new to some people, but definitely a great place to go with friends.
This is definitely one of the better Ethiopian restaurants in Philly.  The Doro Wot I had was really good, full of flavor.  I have to agree with most people who have posted that the service is SLOW! That's the only reason why I'm not giving Abyssinia 5 stars.  My boyfriend and I ate there twice and both times it took at least 10 minutes after ASKING  for the check to receive it.  It does take awhile for the food to come out as well, but it was never cold and tasted like it was just made.  The staff have always been pleasant and friendly.  I would recommend this restaurant, but if you're coming on your lunch break and in a rush, I would recommend another place because they are just too slow!
Abyssinia is not for those who lack patience, for with this virtue your palate will not be let down.  

I have been eating at this place for many years now.  I have honestly not tried Dalek, its competition.  I found Abyssinia and I liked it.  

The interior feels like someone's house converted into a seating area.  Its awkward.  Its not hip, it doesnt have clean lines and sharp edges like a Stephen Starr restaurant.  But it feels right.  Abyssinia is not about image at all.  

The chef is the owner's wife.  She prepares your meal as you order it.  She works there every day.  It is that kind of dedication that comes through in the food.  I have frequented this place so often that I no longer even have to place an order.  The waitstaff recognizes me and brings out my favorite - The Veggie Combination Platter + 1 Order of Yedoro Tibs (extra spicy).  

The last two times I was there, the recipe for the chicken seems to have changed.  The sauce feels too thick.  There are less onions.  It doesnt soak into the bread that separates the food from the plate.  While this is somewhat disappointing, I think perhaps it is due to the fact that the kitchen is closer to having a home cooked meal than a tightly prepared entree.  In other words, expect to be surprised.  Sometimes pleasantly.  Unfortunately, in this case, I preferred the older Yedoro Tib recipe.  

However I would recommend Abyssinia to anyone looking for not just exceptional flavors, if perhaps they have never tasted Ethiopian cuisine, but affordable prices.  I have eaten at other Ethiopian restaurants in Washington DC and while the atmosphere seems done up to make it feel more apropos to its setting, they all lacked that special something that Abyssinia has in spades.  But again, remember to be patient.
The food is good, but there was a mouse running around while I was eating the last time and it kinda distracted me from how tasty the food was. 

My food is sometimes unusually cold (no, not warm; cold. Cold like uncomfortable to touch with my hands cold).

I've eaten here at least 7 times now and I'm not sure that I'll be back.
I'm yet again surprised I haven't written a review for this place yet. I'm gonna make this one short and sweet:

Pros:
1. The food is EXCELLENT. Just make absolutely certain that you know what you're in for before you order something you didn't want (like I ordered "Gored-Gored" and hated it, but everything else was delicious).
2. The food is very, very reasonably priced and they serve alcohol which these days in Philadelphia is a rarity.

Cons:
1. They run on their own time. It WILL take forever to get your food so do be prepared for that.
2. It's not the cleanest place on earth. If you can get over that, this is a great place to go for something a little more...adventurous.
3. It's a little bit out of the way for people well inside Center City and it's not in the greatest neighborhood on earth. But a little culture never killed ya' did it? Didn't think so.
Usually people have a first bad experience with Ethiopian food. This was my first time having it and the food was amazing it was very tasteful with a lot of flavors. The portion is really big so two people can share one, and if you're still hungry you can always order another one. The only thing I really disliked about this restaurant is that the service is very slow we waited over an hour for our food. The host didn't even give us water for the first 45 minute until you mentioned it. Although the service wasn't the best experience, the food was. You have to go in knowing that you might have a long wait time. Overall the food is amazing and I'll definitely be going back, now that I'm aware of their wait time.
I came in a huge group and shared a vegetarian platter and a chicken platter with a friend, and it was *plenty* to eat. Definitely one of the longest waits I've had for food, but we were also a big group and the food was absolutely fresh, and the portions were enough to totally reverse the state of hanger I'd gotten myself into that night. 

Even the unfamiliar vegetables were delectable to my carnivorous friends, and injera (the Ethiopian bread that I think is related to sourdough, which you use as your dip-sopping-utensil) is one of the coolest textures I've come across in a pancake-like food. 

Abyssinia is also one of those atmospheres that makes you feel like you're eating with a big, happy family. Also, sharing a humongous flat plate while eating with your hands is one of my fondest activities with friends, and everyone needs to do it more often. 

Everything feels 2000% authentic, from the lady taking the orders, to the seating arrangements and furniture choices, to the freshness of the food itself. I'm always looking for an excuse to go  again.
Food was AMAZING but a long wait even on a Monday night. They also said that the Yelp discount for checking-in was expired ): but the food was so good that it was all worth it

100% recommend that you go and get one of the platters for yourself! For our group they gave 3 extra injera plates (really big) to go with the platters :D
I went here for the first time yesterday, after hearing such great things about it.  My table ordered the combination platters and shared everything.  It comes out on a huge plate with all the meats, vegetables, sauces on top of the injera bread.  They give you some injera on the side too.  The idea is to take the bread and grasp whatever combination of meats, sauces and vegetable you can into it.  There are no utensils so you should be comfortable with eating with your hands and your companion's hands.  

The dinner was awesome and I can't wait to go back.  The wait for the food was quite long.  Although I understand that's because everything is made as you order it.  I believe you can call and order in advance though.  They do in fact have alcohol there, so if you have good company, and a couple of beers, the wait will seem insignificant when the food comes out.
I literally couldn't wait to reach home before writing this review- I am absolutely in love with Abyssinia. I got the vegetable platter and my friend got the meat combination. We couldn't control ourselves and finished the dish in literally under 20 minutes, completely full. The service is a little slow but this is definitely the place to take your time so it doesn't matter- would do takeout if you want it quick. The collard greens were amazing, but the lentils were the highlight. The orange one was by far my favorite. I could probably eat trays. The injera is perfect, with the slight sourness to complete the dishes but not too much where you can't eat it plain. 

I will 1000000% be back here probably within the week if I know myself
The food here is pretty good, sadly the service is not. 

I placed my order via grub hub. When I went to pick it up, the sign on the door says to call a number. I called and the woman said to wait outside. I stood there for a while and she came outside with another order yelling 'doordash' no one else was there. She then said she didn't have my order and to show her the receipt. Then she said to come inside. I did, she placed the doordash order next to me, took some phone orders, went downstairs and came back telling me my order was already picked up 'by a man'. I'm not sure of the thought process here, but knowing my order was given to 'a man' she thought I was just out of luck and should leave with no food. It didn't cross her mind that she had given my order to someone else, and that she was at fault. It honestly felt like I was being punked. Only after some words did a man come over, assuming the owner, who went back downstairs to confirm my order wasn't there and then decided to re-start my order. It took another 20 minutes. She should have started to remake the food when she realized my order wasn't there anymore. But no. We had to go back and forth about this 'man' for a while. 

All in, it took 45 minutes to pick up my food. And that doordash order was still sitting next to me when I left, with no name or order number on it. Super disorganized and unfriendly service. Extra star for COVID hardship, but we're never going back.
I hate to take a star away from my favorite resturant, but they are way to slow!!!! The food is excellent. I always get the Yebeg Wot, which is the lamb. It is delicious, but sometimes they dont give you enough meat. But everyday I crave this dish!!1
This place is just overrated. Abyssinia really pulls it in with the Penn kids taking their parents to eat here, but the management clearly doesn't spend any money on the place or the staff. The moulding and fixtures look like they were installed by 5th graders. The walls are filthy and they have a ratty old AC running in the corner. I can't imagine what the kitchen looks like. While this kind of urban grittiness is what makes Fiume so charming, it just makes Abyssinia gross. We have to eat this stuff man.
The service is pretty slow although they are polite enough.
The food is decent but not really up to what you'd expect from being located near one of the biggest East African neighborhoods in the US.
With the Green Line having spent thousands on the place across the street, it is time for Abyssinia to step it up by hiring more staff and renovating the interior.
The food was pretty bland. I had the veggie combo and nothing really stood out except one stewed carrot that was delicious. The service was so slow too.
Try again for shiro/silsi fitfit, qemem tea, ful. And don't make any appts prior, service comes with a smile but at a snails space.
The food here is good the only  problems I have is the food is overpriced, and the service is poor and a long wait time.
Yedora Tibs every time. At least once a month, take out... dine in ...either way. I've tried other items on the menu and they are all great but the yedora tibs is by far my favorite meal. This place is amazing, the service is good but slow ... but that only makes the meal more enticing. I love this place. Head upstairs to the bar on Thursdays for some great bluegrass! Additionally it's super cheap!
Good food and great prices. The service was crazy-slow and we had to correct her on drinks a few times. Not much in terms of atmosphere (Dahlak's better for that), but the food was good. Great to bring a few people and split platters.

Had a good laugh over the beverage menu that called Yellow Tail "Yellow Fail." I think that's my new name for it. :)
It's a little out of the way for me from Center City, but I sometime get a chance to make the trek over for yummy vegan Ethopian food. I have always gotten take-out. The vegetarian combo is awesome. Try it!
Of all of the Ethiopian places in West Philly, Abyssinia is far and away my favorite.  When friends come to visit, when I'm having a rough day, or for late-night food (the kitchen is open until midnight), Abyssinia is the best.  

My advice is to order a combo (meat or vegetarian, depending on your company) for one fewer person than the number of people in your party (so for a party of three, order the combo for 2) and then pick one entre to go with it.  No matter how hungry you or your party is, it always ends up being the perfect amount of food, and you get a great amount of variety.  Plus it gets served on one big plate so everyone gets to share.  I have always had great food experiences, the portions are the best of the restaurants I've tried in West Philly, and while the decor is a little tired, I would rather keep with the very affordable prices!

Don't forget to check out Fium upstairs (side note: you can get a table upstairs and they'll bring the food up to you)!
I am so sorry I have to do this.  Abyssinia is a WONDERFUL restaurant.  I love the food.  But please DON'T EAT THE RAW BEEF!  This is the second time I have done so.  24 hours later I am on the toilet with violent Exorcist diarrhea.  Just say no to the raw beef.  It ain't sushi, at least not here at any rate.
I have loved Abyssinia since 2000. Yes, the service is slow, and always has been. No, I don't understand why they don't fix it. I don't care. When we go, we go in the right frame of mind, ready for a slowly paced dinner. We go at 5pm, and few tables are sat yet. We play 20 questions. We sip drinks. The waitresses are nice, if harried. We've gotten to know them and they know us. 
The food is always magnificent. I like Dahlak, and the smaller joints on 45th st and Chestnut st, but dish for dish, Abyssinia rules them all for flavor, and portion too. 
The lamb and chicken dishes are mostly on the bone, which I feel is better than boneless cubes. The berbere is fiery and more complex than elsewhere. The various legumes are always perfect. The kitfo... I think an Ethiopian restaurant is best judged on its kitfo, and here it is perfect, served raw. 
I no longer live in W. Philly, but every time I'm near, I take out a large order. All hail to Abyssinia, proudly pissing off hurried, unforewarned diners for two decades, but worth it!
It's actually rather difficult to find Ethiopian food in Philly, but I'm glad a friend recommended Abyssinia.  

Don't let the outside aesthetics deter you - there is good food waiting inside, I promise!  

The best deals are probably the combo platters, as you can sample a variety of their offerings, both meat and vegetarian.  Although I found the beef tips to be very spicy, the chicken was excellent and so were the collard greens.  Booze-wise, I ordered a red wine and was brought one of those mini Woodbridge "to-go" bottles, which I was down with, especially for $5.  

I'll echo some other reviews about the service - mediocre at best.  But to be fair, there were only 1 or 2 waitresses working.  We didn't wait long for our food and went on a Friday night during dinner time.  Overall, a solid experience.
This is a 4 and a half. I loved it. Atmosphere was cozy and relaxed and the shared food made it even more enjoyable. Server wasn't slow at all and was very respectful. I can't wait to go back.
Let me just start by saying that I would never come back to this place!! I love Ethiopian food and have eaten at some very authentic and great places. When i moved to Philly I wanted to find a good Ethiopian restaurant and we came to try this place. The food was horrible and the service was worse. The waitress slammed the food down at our table after they took more than an hour to get our food. The food itself was a bad version of an Indian curry! Don't waste ur time and money here.
I'm a bit torn because the food was delicious here but the service is horrendous! And I've been twice and both times have had shotty service.

The first time I went in the afternoon on a Saturday, so I assumed because they weren't very busy the server was slacking a little bit. We told the server what we'd like and she said she didn't have any of those options, so we asked her what she did have and she responded with what do you want? We told her already what we wanted so we were confused by the response. Ended up getting a veggie combo and some lamb thing. All delicious of course. The injera was a bit dry, but I contribute that to being there early on a Saturday.

The 2nd time I went I got take out. I got a veggie combo and beef tibs. Food was amazing and I wish I could eat it for every meal of my life but again, awful service! I had to wait for about ten minutes to pick up my food and then the server immediately walked away after I signed my credit card and did not return for a minute or two. So I assumed the bag of take out, which had my order receipt resting on top of it, was mine. So I took this and walked out. I was almost home (which mind you, took about 20 minutes) when I get a call saying that's not your food, turn around. Talking to my mom later I should have just said I already started eating it and left. But damn it, I wanted my food!

But bad service aside, the food is realllyyyyyy amazing! So flavorful and the injera was much better the 2nd time around. Definitely going to come back despite the crappy serivce.
Abyssinia is the best Ethiopian joint in West Philly and don't let anyone tell you otherwise. My favorite dishes are the raw kitfo and the vegetarian combo. Make sure you order the kitfo raw though, because otherwise -- sorry, hate to break it to you -- you are a huge pussy.

Yeah, sometimes there's gon' be a wait for food. Deal with it. Or better yet, visit more often and be nice to the wait staff, because I've found that the more they like you, the better the service. Either way, as long as I've got a cocktail I don't mind waiting a bit longer for my food. I think the longest we've waited was 45 minutes on a busy night. Assholes will wait for brunch at places like Sabrina's for up to two hours so I don't know how this is any different.

Oh, and it goes without saying, but Fiume upstairs? GIANT PLUS.
This was my first experience eating Ethiopian food, so I didn't really know what to expect, but I was pretty excited because everything looked good from photos I had seen. I went with a big group of people so we ordered a huge sharing platter and I got to a try a bit of everything. I don't eat meat at the moment, so I basically only got to try the injera with the different selections of vegetables. Honestly, everything was good but I wasn't particularly impressed by anything. Maybe this isn't a fair review since I didn't get to try the meat, but I would say this restaurant is just okay. The service was also incredibly slow- it took us like 20 minutes just to get water. I would come back, but I'm not crazy about this place!
West Philadelphia is pretty blessed to have quite a few Ethiopian restaurants and groceries. In the past decade or so I have tried pretty much all of the Ethiopian/Eritrean restaurants (sorry, I don't mean to bunch these two countries together; they are distinct countries, but some restaurants advertise as both). I do have to say most Ethiopian restaurants are ultra slow. Abyssinia is no different. Sometimes I wonder if they are actually killing the chicken, plucking its feather, etc in the backyard. 
I am giving 3 stars mostly due to the inefficient service. Most times the servers are nice, but few times I don't see the server for a long time, or have to ask for water few times. Sometimes, I had to go to the bar side of the restaurant and put in the order or ask for stuff because the server was MIA. 
Food wise it's been consistently good. Their lunch specials are a deal! However, their individual entrees can be a bit pricey for the quantity you get. 
Overall a good place to get some delicious Ethiopian food, just make sure you give yourself enough time - definitely not a fast food!
Awesome Ethiopian restaurant off Penn's campus in West Philly.

Amazing food with amazing service. Decor and ambience is also top notch.

Only con: it takes a while to get the order but that might just be the time to prep and I am probably not aware.
I came here by myself just needing a break in routine.

Walked in and the place is quaint, authentic, cool set up with the artwork and bar to the side and upstairs.

Ordered the vegetarian combo for less than $10 and loved the lentils and potato/green bean entrees on the bread. Its my first time eating Ethiopian food as a vegetarian and it filled me up! The bread is fresh and tasty, not too big a fan of the collard greens entree. 

The service was kind and timely! I'll definitely return when I'm in the area. The neighborhood has a lot of other Ethiopian and Halal options to explore which is fantastic.

The only thing just may be the ambiance of the place. Its definitely a casual place, takes card, good for groups to share entrees and has public buses near by.
Ate here on a Saturday night in a group of three. It was busy - wish I would have realized about the upstairs bar I'm now reading about, damn. Either way...service was slow but not on purpose. It appeared that there were only two servers for a packed room and then an additional server for the downstairs bar area which was also full of drinkers and diners. So slow albeit understandable being that short staffed.

Food was awesome. The spongy bread did definitely expand in your stomach after a bit - but totally worth it. Seating is fairly traditional and not the most up to date (I thought my friend was going to fall through her chair!) but it had good ambiance and seemed to be a really mixed scene in terms of age, singles/families, groups/couples, etc which made for a laid back but not too dull atmosphere. 

Recommend it - just grab a drink at the bar first and go with people you like so you don't mind the wait!
This is my favorite Ethiopian restaurant.  The Ye Doro Tibs (spicy boneless chicken dish) is to die for, and make sure you order the green lentils as your sides.  My complaint is the fact that the recipe changes quite often, so you don't get the same exact tasting Ye Doro Tibs each time. I hear they switch owners every few months and whenever that happens there are new cooks who alter the dish.  Sometimes it's perfect, then other times it's on the blander side.  But overall, it usually hits the spot.  Also I agree that the servers disappear for what it seems like hours on end.  The food takes FOREVER to come out (45-60 minutes) but when it takes a long time that usually means that it's gonna be REALLY good so I don't mind the long wait.  As for the decor/dining atmosphere, let's just say you're not going there for ambiance.  Consider Abyssinia to be one of those hole-in-the wall joints that has great food.  This is my go-to restaurant for my birthday.
Really well-priced, and consistently yummy. I don't eat meat, so I can't vouch for the lamb, but the vegetarian dishes are great. 

Last fall, they had an an all-you-can-eat-vegetarian special on Wednesdays for around $10-12...the regular entrees are large enough that I don't think this is actually more food for your dollar than you'd normally get, but if you know a vegetarian with a huge appetite, it would be a great deal:) I'm not sure if they still offer this though, so call ahead. 

I am still loyal to Almaz Cafe for Ethiopian in Philly (in my experience, their Tikil Gomen and Misir are a little better), but this is a close second!
The lentils are flavorful, you can taste the differences and similarities of each dish, the injera is moist, fresh (while before it would be sometimes weirdly dry and cold), and the service (maybe because I'm a regular) is always good.

Was just there two weeks ago so I'm about due for a visit. Here's hoping, with some consistency, we can make three stars four.
Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love Ethiopian food. I would still give it 5 stars for the food here, even though probably none of the restaurants in the US can even compare with the food I've had actually in Ethiopia. But just to reemphasize the other reviews, the wait here is EXCRUCIATINGLY long. We waited over an hour for our food last visit. And honestly, I don't mind so much usually, but I feel like the past few times I've visited, I've brought friends who have never tried Ethiopian food before and having such a long wait makes it kinda awkward as they're anticipating trying out a new cuisine for the first time. 

It would be an understatement to say that it's not a fancy place, but hey, in a way that can add to its charm. I would say though, the bathrooms don't feel the most sanitary, considering that you are about to eat with your hands so you really HAVE to wash your hands prior to eating. 

All in all, it's okay but there are so many other comparable delicious Ethiopian restaurants in the area where you won't have to wait literally over an hour for your food. I've historically picked this place because it tends to be a bit more spacious but if you don't happen to have all the time in the world, I would probably opt for some of the other nearby locations.
Great food. Good service. Amazing veggie options. I have been to 4 or 5 Ethiopian restaurant and this would be probably be 1 or 2(the other one is in Chicago)

Only negative. Poor restrooms
Be prepared to wait. The service is slow and they will not be hurried. Some nights have been quicker than others, but after a couple of times, I just started working around it and planning to spend awhile there. The food has always been consistently good.  I will say, however, that it's much better with a group. Some of my fondest memories of this place involve four of my friends, two Brooklyn Lagers in, around an empty dish of food. They're generous with the bread, so never fear about that. Also, it's better than the other Ethiopian/Eritrean food in West Philly.
As soon as you step in you are not 100% sure what to do. Do you wait? do you seat yourself? it's all a little unclear. The hostess wasn't super helpful but she did end up seating us without a wait (we went at a time where it was pretty empty.) 
We ended up getting a non veg combo platter and it was pretty good. it definitely satisfied the Ethiopian craving but I wouldn't say it was the best I've had. 
the reason I mostly liked it was because the portions were big enough for two and were very reasonably priced.
yes, the service is terrrrrrrrribly slow. but i've never had a rude waitress. in fact, they always seem really happy to see me. their vegetarian platter is cheap and super filling. when i used to eat meat, i had doro wot several times, and that was awesome, too, and not too spicy for my wimpy mouth. i choose it over dahlak every time, not just because it's closer, but because i've been seriously ripped off at dahlak before. abyssinia is also our place to take out-of-towners, and none of them have ever been disappointed with their experience.
