My first restaurant week stop was here at Aki, where I feasted on amazing, and so delicious sushi meal.

As a seasoned sushi eater, sometimes I get a bit overwhelmed and lost by the countless options; that's why I prefer a prix fixe menu, especially if it includes few of the chef's choices (Yes. I am lazy to even decide!).

I started with lightly battered, gently fried shrimp and assorted vegetables, know as tempura. Followed by chef's choice of six pieces of raw fish. As you, addicted sushi fans, may know; it's the ideal protein. My assortment of fresh sushi and sashimi was healthy, and low in saturated fat (omega-3 fatty acids: diet nerd alert!)
If you want something else beside sushi, you'll surely enjoy the savory & sweet, cooked-to-perfection, Salmon Teriyaki bento; with California Roll, and Shumai. I finished my awesome meal with Mango tempura ice cream. The warm & crispy shell around mango ice cream was the perfect dessert after at sushi bar.

P.S: 
#1 Every day, all day, all-you-can-eat Sushi, for less than 27 bucks.
#2 Weekday lunch specials until 3:30pm
#3 Weekday happy hour (4:30pm - 7:00pm) includes half price appetizers and $5 &$6 drinks.
#4 Plenty of parking lots surrounds Aki .
 
I will return to Aki again, and again, and again.
Four Yelps.
I have not written a review in ages but I felt so compelled to after the awful service I received last night.

Made a reservation af 8pm , after a party of 12 had sat down. I got my cocktail immediately. When the server came around and I was taking a little too much time for her with my order she told my boyfriend and I to "hold on a second". Which is fine, but completely rude when I was in the middle of an order! She asks him if he wants soup or salad with his order....but it never came out. Even when I asked her if she got it, because I wanted to make sure our order didnt get lost with the big party.

After watching her walk around the room serveral times, chit chat with other staff, stand around, and just ignore us! We must have loooked so lost because another server asked if we ordered. I said yeah she took his but not mine. She took my order for my appetizer and it came. My boyfriends salad never came, his California roll never came. 
We waited 30 minutes and the waitress's only came back to take our order after I Loudly got her attention. It was like we were invisible!  
The best part is we were in the middle of two of her tables which both received their food, and got more drinks when she never ever came back and even asked me if I wanted another. I had to get up walk to the bar, to ask a different server for my drink!

When the table that came an hour after us had their entree, we knew our food was never ordered. And my poor boyfriend only got one thing out of the 3 things he ordered.

Frustrated and with no more appetite we asked if our food was ever ordered. Her reply "you told me to hold off on it" I quickly responded No, you took 30 minutes to come back to the table. No apologies. Nothing. "the kitchen is backed up" is no excuse for being ignored.

As for the food we actually recieved, it was pretty good.
Our server just completely sucked. Only good thing was the busser, who always refilled our water.
A reasonable price for an all you can eat sushi buffet and the service is fast and efficient. However, the quality of the fish is absolutely terrible. Almost scary... The tuna that was served to us wasn't real tuna. It was either a gelatin or another fish substitute. The other raw fish were not fresh. I ended up avoiding the sushi and eating their cooked portion of the buffet.

I would strongly recommend eating at a different sushi place... This was quite a terrifying experience.... The worst in philly so far
While I have been to Aki several times because of the groupon, I will NEVER be returning. On Saturday, I went to dinner with three others and used the $40 off Groupon. We left a $20 cash tip on the table, which, granted was lower than we meant, but the 15% did match the slow service. 

After leaving, I received a restricted number phone call from a server, saying there was no cash on the table, and he asked to charge the card. We did not want the tip on the card so we went back to give ANOTHER $20 tip because we wanted to make things right, even though we left $20 cash on the table (and wrote cash on the tip line of the credit card receipt).

After checking my credit card statement today, the server charged my credit card for the tip ($27). In total, the server made out with $67 for the tip, which is more than what we paid for the entire meal.

It is unacceptable for a server to call a customer directly (especially from a restricted number) about a tip, which, might I add, is optional. I worked as a waitress for years, and sometimes that happens. However, it was NOT the case here where we left the original tip, came back to give another $20 in person immediately after the phone call and then got charged on the credit card. 

I will not be recommending this dishonest restaurant to anyone in the future and will be speaking with the management.
*covid-19 review* 

although it'll be a pain when it gets colder, i'm really loving the new outdoor dining setup for restaurants that's resulted from covid. at some restaurants, i feel like i'm getting squished off the curb but aki nom nom has a really nice and quite spacious outdoor dining area! 

my friends and i got the ayce menu, which is approximately $30 for unlimited appetizers and sushi. the appetizers were sooo good - i particularly really liked the gyoza and the calamari. they also have a decent variety of sushi on their ayce menu which we enjoyed as well. i wouldn't say that it's some of the best sushi i've had, but i also didn't expect that from ayce. i definitely feel like the food we ate was worth the price that we paid. 

overall, my friends and i had a really positive and enjoyable experience at aki nom nom - i would def recommend coming here for the ayce menu if you're hungry or just craving lots and lots of sushi!!
I came here to the all you can eat buffet for$26.95. It's the only one I know of in philadelphia. In comparison to other all you can eats- the menu is pretty limited. Each person can only order 1 sashimi app which includes 6 pieces of fish. The salmon tasted fresh but the tuna had a funny texture to t as if it had been frozen too many times. For the hot foods. They have a few soups, edamame, tofu, calamari, shumai, veggie tempura and shumai. The calamari had a light coating on it and was fairly chewy. 

For the rolls, they had a choice of 10 fancy rolls and a lot of the classic rolls. I got the dragon roll, spider roll and rainbow roll. They were fairly ricey and The dragon roll had very little eel on it, it was more of a cucumber and avocado roll. 

I did come here with a Groupon. And they didn't give me any trouble for using it. It can be used on the buffet or a la Carte. They do add a 20% tip on automatically. I don't have a problem with this but the service was fairly slow. It took about 30 min for our sushi to come out and our waters weren't refilled unless we asked.
I am very conflicted about this place, thus the three stars...
Last night we arrived at Aki for all you can eat sushi. It was busy, but not packed.
We waited 15mins for our first order to arrive and then...waited and waited...
Both F and I were really hungry but, the more pressing issue was, we had to get the car from the lot by 9 (10 minutes away).
At 7:45 our next order came. We explained our situation to Frank, our server, who also was the bartender and I believe manager. He was very apologetic and was clearly understaffed. However, we felt very pressured, and had to order everything at once to ensure we would get our food in a timely manner. 
Finally, at 8:10 while we were still waiting for an order, I couldn't take it and I left to move the car.
When I got back the food was on the table but after my brisk hike to 15th and South then back I was no longer hungry. On the plus side, it stopped me from overeating and I got some exercise. But who wants to "enjoy " a meal like that?
The food itself, at Aki, is very good but maybe we have to go off hours?
Probably should have rated this place only two stars, but I had a good evening here and decided to give it a little bump. 

My main qualm with Aki is the sushi (aka the whole point of this place). I was really excited for the AYCE (especially because there was a groupon deal that made it very affordable), only to be disappointed by the poor taste/quality of the sushi. It did NOT taste fresh, and to top it all off, stomach aches followed the meal.

If you do choose to go try out this place, despite being forewarned that it may cause stomach aches, I'll put in a word for my favorite roll of the night, which was the Ocean Commotion. It has little sweet potatoes pieces inside the rolls - how about that for special sushi!

To close on a happy note, I'll have to say, the service was very accommodating, the ambiance was great, and given the groupon deal, the meal was relatively affordable for AYCE sushi.
The AYCE offering here is fairly decent. There's a groupon available at the moment that's $80 for $40 or $40 for $20.

 I would order the specialty rolls and the sashimi appetizer - it's like 3 pieces of salmon and 3 pieces of tuna, but they limit you to one per customer :(. The specialty rolls are pretty good, and their nigiri isn't bad either. The hot appetizer section is also included in the AYCE, but the only thing I found really worth eating from there is the chicken teriyaki. The pork katsu meat was dark, and the shumais were just deep-fried frozen shumais you can purchase from the asian grocery stores. 

I would prob come back here if I were starving, and only with a groupon. If you have a car and don't mind driving half an hour out, Nagomi is a much better option.
All you can eat sushi. For $26.

That's as many maki rolls, nigiri pieces, dumplings, tiny salads with ginger dressing and fancy plates full of goodness as you can possibly fit inside your stomach.

For just $26.

I'm sure when I have come to Aki, I've eaten at least half my weight in sushi, which comes out to approximately $2,014 in US dollars.

Honestly, I would understand their pricing here more if the sushi was mediocre. Or if the service sucked. Or if the drinks were crappy and overpriced.

But no....nope. None of that.

Sushi is on point. Fish is fresh, all of it is made right before your eyes on the elevated sushi bar in the back.

Service is stellar. I've been with groups large and small, and they have always been accommodating, speedy and friendly.

And the drinks are moderately priced, of a varied selection and expertly crafted cocktails have been tasty.

So what are you waiting for? Maybe to get hungry enough to eat all of the sushi? Yes, wait for that. And when you are hungry enough, get to 1210 Walnut Street and make your sushi dreams come true.
The service at this place is repeatedly awful, even for take-out.

The most recent time I was here was on a weekend.  This was after I'd already had a bad experience here but I'm a second-chance type of gal.  This experience was sadly, even worse.  It was pretty apparent that they were completely and utterly understaffed and overwhelmed.  It took several minutes for the host to be able to seat us.  He was so harried it was hard to feel excited about eating here.  After we finally ordered, it took a while and nagging just for my dinner date to get his beer.  We then proceeded to wait literally one hour for our food.  My dinner companion was finally so annoyed that he spoke to the waiter, who rather than being apologetic, seemed to make excuses ("It's dinner hour man...").  It was even worse that two couples who were seated after us already received their food and were seemingly happily eating.  The waiter brought the manager over, who tried her best to smooth things out, but even with her helping, it still took several, several minutes for our food to get made.  I don't know if they forgot our order or what, but whatever was served definitely was not worth this unpleasant dining experience.  

I'm a second chance type of gal but not this time.  Not when I've already tried out Aki many times and it fails to deliver in so many different ways.
Where the hell do I begin? The place was a warm environment, Sushi wasn't even cut properly, very thick Stringy slices where I'm chewing for hours trying to figure out WHAT THE HELL this is, Flys everywhere and fish quality is crap, I love sushi and coming from NY and moving out to Philly has been an amazing eats reward, but when it comes to Sushi, I rather eat dog food than this places crap. Flavor was beyond a wreck, I can't believe their still in business after a poor fish and environmental Quality.
came here for their all you can eat sushi which came out to about $35 dollars after tax and tip.  overall, pretty solid sushi given the all you can eat menu and quality of taste.

here are my tips and thoughts on tackling your all you can eat menu...

1) order the sashimi appetizer (about 3 slices of salmon and 3 slices of tuna)

2) order from the nigiri section - you can taste the difference in quality of sashimi versus if you order any of the regular or specialty rolls IMO, i personally love salmon so it hit the spot well

3) appetizer menu is pretty solid - i had gyoza, calamari, and chicken yakitori - good to mix up the taste buds!

4) order miso soup - it helps clear your palate along with the pickled ginger

5) regular sushi rolls - i don't highly recommend - they all end up tasting the same whether you get spicy tuna, spicy salmon, ect. IMO

6) don't order the hand rolls - they contain too much rice that will fill you quickly

7) lastly - come hungry and know your limit as they WILL charge you if you can't finish

enjoy!
This is a review of the all you can eat sushi experience for $24.95.

Ok - there's no fusion here. It's really not that different a place than the old AOI except service is much better. The fish is very fresh, and folks are not lying about the size of the portions. The hand rolls are like serious ice-cream cone sized portions, and sushi was so big I had to eat most in two bites.

Of course - the majority of the 'size' of these dishes comes from the rice. The hand rolls were made with literally a tennis ball sized portion of rice (we sat at the sushi bar to watch them make the food) topped with a nice portion of fish. There is a reason that this is the case, and it is called 'the fine print'.

Way down on the back of your all you can eat menu is fine print where they explain that should you not finish your sushi, you will be billed for each unfinished piece at 'al la carte' prices. So let's say you follow your server's advice and put in a big order. To me, a big order at Sagami would be 1/2 a dozen hand rolls plus sushi, plus a specialty roll or two. If I had ordered that I'd have tripled the cost of my check with leftovers because of the portions of rice things come with.

Now, understand that the food is good, and I'm aware for that price I'm not going to be getting unlimited plates of fugu, but sheesh, I ate more rice there in half an hour that I have in the last three sushi joints I've been to, combined!

I was also a little disappointed in the spicy scallop hand roll. This item was $2 extra, and consisted of breaded bay scallops in a Tabasco mayonnaise. It would have been twice as good if they left the breading off, better if they used bigger scallop, and great of they actually put some seasoning in the mayo beyond three shots of Tabasco!

So go, order carefully, and enjoy! It's a great deal, just stick to the classics and you'll be happy.
Came here with some coworkers during lunch and was immediately drawn into the decor! It's really relaxed yet vibrant at the same time. The waiter was cool as hell too. The only thing that threw me off was the wide selection of country music which you don't expect in a sushi bar lol. Let's get to the food. 

Since we were short on time i got sushi of course. I ordered the 3 for $12 lunch deal which was pretty good considering its center city. The sushi itself overall was as tasty and filling as sushi could get for 12 bucks. I wasn't a fan of the avocado sushi but the crunchy tempura was "Lit" as the young folks say lol.
I'll def try then again as they have an all-you-can-eat sushi special for 30 bucks. I'll make sure not to eat that day lol

I'll also suggest they try some better fitting background music for a sushi bar like gucci mane or 2 chainz. Nothing says sushi like a gucci mane track.
I hated sushi when I was 10 years old.  So I was forced to try it again.  Turns out i kind of like it.  I'll keep this short because I have no basis on which to compare this sushi restaurant.  For my first time (in a long time) trying sushi my only disappointment was the fact that we had to choose the sushi.  I wish I would have had a sushi chef in front of me rolling the best sushi possible for a person who is unsure whether or not he likes sushi.  Overall the staff was very attentive and friendly, no pressure.  The prices seemed fair... I think (I'm not really in tune with the market prices).  Lastly, there was an error on our bill and Nick, our waiter, caught it before we had a chance to say anything, well done sir.
In the city for a week and this shop was right next door to our inn (roadway inn, which is also great!)  Love this place! Fresh, generous amounts of fish. I got two hand rolls, salmon and yellowtail, and two uni sushis! I LOVE THIS PLACE! 10/10 :)
When it comes to all-you-can-eat sushi, I've never had better. Sure, the variety of specialty rolls is extremely limited, but if you're there just for the raw fish, the nigiri and maki rolls are definitely enough to satisfy!

Probably the most amazing thing about Aki is that it is one of the few all-you-can-eat sushi places that doesn't stuff its sushi with rice to fill you up. Yes, there is a fee if you can't finish all of the sushi that you order, but it's nice that Aki doesn't try to cheat you by making you full from the rice. In fact, the amount of rice that's typically in a roll at Aki is less than the normal sushi rolls that I get, so you can maximize the value from the fish!

In terms of what to order, I would highly, highly recommend starting your meal with the Sashimi appetizer and maybe a Miso Soup if that's up your alley. I typically order just from the Nigiri and Maki Roll menu, and since I love raw salmon and tuna, those are the rolls that I capitalize on. Hand rolls are nice too since they give the fish in much larger proportions, but you also have to eat more rice and nori as well. Overall though, the sushi and fish itself tastes super fresh and delicious!

Since it is pretty pricey for one meal ($26.95 per person), I would only go if you are super starving and know that you will have an appetite - otherwise, it is not worth it to go all-you-can-eat, and you may be better off ordering individual rolls from the menu. My biggest complaint would have to be that it does take some time for the orders to come out, especially if you make a large order. The last time I went was the day before Valentine's Day, and my meal lasted more than two hours! If you go on a random weekday afternoon for lunch though, it shouldn't be crowded at all.

All in all, Aki is a great all-you-can-eat sushi place - I just wish they had a greater variety of specialty rolls to choose from!
We've tried the vast majority of sushi restaurants in Philly, and this one ranks among the lowest. We both got the all you can eat deal with a groupon, which made it palatable. However, even with the groupon I would not return because the food simply was not fresh. The spider roll's soft shell crab was cold, and clearly had been fried god knows when. The spicy tuna had a bad aftertaste. Even the sashimi appetizer, which was the best thing we got, made me wonder how long it has been since they got it. The shu mai is not your traditional pork shu mai, but some sort of processed fish. Other ones we got were ocean commotion and cancun roll, both which simply did not taste good.

Service was also lackluster. They were friendly, but took a half hour to bring out 6 pieces of sashimi.

I was hoping for a good experience, but this one's a miss.
If you're like me, then you've probably been hypnotized by the siren call that is All-You-Can-Eat sushi. To my knowledge, there aren't many places (if any) in Philadelphia that provide AYCE so Aki has an "edge", I guess. Went here for the first time a while back and their AYCE was decent, not the highest quality fish or taste, but cravers can't be choosers. At about $28, it was decent. Decent is enough to get me to come back. Let's just say I shouldn't have come back.

This time, grabbed myself a Groupon deal and the hole got deeper, and I was sinking. I was hoping for at least a mediocre experience, but I left with a sinking feeling (not the food poisoning sort thankfully, but the let's-not-come-here-again variety).

If you want to game your $28, stick to the hot starters and special rolls. I'm guessing since AYCE is probably a popular option for this restaurant, you shouldn't expect the finest cuts of fish. Locked on the one-per-customer sashimi appetizer which comes with three cuts of salmon and tuna. Boy, it took a lot to stomach those 6 pieces and I was not at all optimistic about what was coming next. Fortunately, the special rolls weren't as bad (but don't expect amazing or mouth-watering). Ate enough starters/hand rolls/sashimi to feel good about going the AYCE route. Full, but not necessarily satisfied. Low sodium soy sauce that was too watery that you couldn't even taste the saltiness, hand rolls that were falling apart, and slow, inattentive service (on a to match the low-quality food.

May come back to try non-AYCE but not entirely convinced that I should.
I came here on a Saturday afternoon with a group of friends. The weather outside was awful, which may have contributed to it being fairly empty when we arrived. They were very accommodating and pushed tables together for us, so brownie points there. The ambiance is very cozy, with soft chairs and quiet music playing in the background. The song selection was a little bit on the depressing side, but maybe we were all just more sensitive to it what with the weather and all. 

We all got the $25 all you can eat special, which is a great deal. They have a large and diverse AYCE menu, including appetizers, which was unexpected and awesome. The miso soup wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was excellent for the cold day outside (sorry Philly people, just because it's above freezing doesn't make it warm). The fried calamari and gyoza were delicious. Sushi-wise, I had the spicy tuna roll and the rainbow roll. The spicy tuna roll wasn't very spicy, but it was still very good, and the rainbow roll was excellent. I will say the avocado was on the brown side, but I'm a Californian and an avocado snob, so don't let that affect your judgment. 

The service was excellent, and it was a great experience all around. I will certainly be going back whenever I need to stuff myself with sushi!
I've been here a few times.  I actually really like this place.   But not tonight.   Service was terrible.   The hostess was completely oblivious.   She didn't greet us and acted like she was bothered that my friends and I even came in.  She was quite rude. 
We were sat at a cramped table when there were many other tables available. 
The waitress took forever to arrive at our table because she was having a conversation at another table.....  which I blame the hostess who failed to let anyone know we were seated. 
The whole night was pretty weird. 
As much as I liked this place before,  I'm sure I'm not returning.   There are too many great restaurants in the city to be bothered by mediocre service.
Came here with a party of 7. Got seated quickly....but downhill from there. They all hang out at the bar and we had to yell out to get their attention. And this is just to place our order... The food was ehh. The fried calamari was good and love their spicy mayo. However, the rice on the sushi was cold and super hard. My friend ordered the sashimi dinner for two and omg the way they cut the pieces....it suppose to be cut thinly and into easily eaten pieces but they cut it into big rectangular chunks...

Another thing, their Wasabi is bland....like I put a piece of it right into my mouth and it barely tasted like anything. Food also came slowly....everyone got their food but 3 people and there was no communication about why the food was taking so long. They were not even busy. We came in at 1:30 on a Sunday. There was no reason for it to take that long.

I have been here before but it was never this bad. I don't know if they changed owners or chefs but they need to get their stuff together.
Came here with the bae and it was super nice (:  We came for the $27 all you can eat sushi and for the price, I have to say it was quite nice. You could choose from a wide variety of appetisers, desserts, and rolls. The sushi was alright, but I can't complain too much! It was all you can eat after all! I really enjoyed the atmosphere too. The waiters/waitresses were very nice and helpful, although the service wasn't so quick. I totally recommend this place if you're looking for a new date spot! c:
Some friends and I came here for All You Can Eat sushi the other night. At $25 pp, we thought it was worth a try. So here's how it works - you order as much salad, miso soup, nigiri, maki, and hand rolls as you want off of their separate all-you-can-eat menu. There are some pricier items on the menu like red clam and sea urchin that are an extra $1.50 each, but I didn't order any of those. They bring it out, and as soon as they set down your plate, they ask you if you want to put in an order for more sushi, and so on and so on. Rules are you can only order off the menu, and you have to eat all of the sushi (rice, seaweed and all) or else you'll be charged the a la carte price. 

So I start off slow of course, with a salad and some hand rolls and nigiri.  And I was surprised at how delicious they were! It was in no way a buffet, where the food is plentiful and the quality is awful. The fish was all very fresh and prepared with as much care as any other meal there. And though we kept ordering more plates, each time, they brought out a new plate nicely garnished with pickled ginger and fresh wasabi. My favorite was the eel avocado hand roll and the white tuna nigiri - which was super buttery and fresh. 

All in all, i thought it was a fun experience. The sushi was good and my friends and I had a blast trying all of the different types. I still recommend Sagami as my fav sushi place, but Aki is a whole lot of fun.
Whew! First (much needed) date night out in awhile and it was a fun night. Election results, date night. One of the best nights I've had in awhile since this whole COVID thing. I've been wanting sushi for awhile so my boyfriend took me out on a surprise date here. We had other options, but we wanted to go somewhere with a livelier vibe. This was in CC so it provided the vibe we wanted. First time here, and loved that they provided outdoor and socially distanced indoor seating. The service was okay, they have one girl running around seating the tables inside, she was sweet and as attentive as she could've been. Not mad, but just something to take note of. They probably don't have as much waiting staff since of the pandemic. The booths are comfy and intimate, dim lighting...Perfect setting for date night!! 

We got the AYCE sushi (about $28-29). It came with obviously unlimited sushi and appetizers. I got a Pom martini to drink and my bf got the tropical paradise cocktail. Both drinks were tasty and strong ;) 

The appetizers are very small, not surprised since it's all you can eat. Our favorite was the shu mai. Everything else was subpar. The sushi was good, but we felt like the specialty rolls mostly all tasted the same. I wish there was some more variety. It made it harder to want to get more sushi since everything was so similar in taste. But overall, we enjoyed our time here and felt like we got our money's worth. Would we come back? The food wasn't to die for, but perhaps! 

Worth trying out though.
The all you can eat sushi is set up unusually here. You order the sushi off a menu and the waiter brings it to you. Usually, when I go to an all-you-can-eat place, there is a buffet set up and I can pick what I want. 

The problem with this set up is that when the sushi came, I did not realize how much rice was on the rolls!! It was about twice as much rice as should be on a maki roll. This is unacceptable. You think you are ordering some standard sushi and pick a quantity based on that assumption, but instead what you actually get is a gigantic ball of sticky rice with some fish packed in the middle. This is hardly worth the $25 buffet price. I have had far superior experiences for half the price.
Came here with a bunch of friends and my bf for a Valentines day gathering. The place was, by no surprise, bustling and hustling! In my opinion, if you're a sushi lover, it is well worth the price to get the all you can eat ($25). After being here a few times for the all you can eat, I think I nailed the sushi selection part down to an art! The all you can eat sushi menu is absolutely fantastic and it has got some really nice appetizers (my favorites are the miso soup, salad, seaweed salad, sashimi appetizer) to go along as well. One thing I don't recommend getting are the hand rolls. Hand rolls are the rolls that look like ice cream cones and it packed with rice and not too much fish on top. It's really hard to finish, very dense, and takes up too much room in my stomach that's meant for the other yummies on the menu. I usually am all about American craft beers, but the perfect complement to the sushi meal is the Kirin Ichiban beer special that goes along with the all you can eat menu. While there yesterday, they ran out of Kirin Ichiban to the substitute was Asahi, which is just as delicious. I'm usually all about the American/German/Belgian craft beers, but something about the Japanese imports just goes so well with all that sushi!

The staff here is super friendly and though at times it was super busy, some requests did come a bit slower, but regardless that it totally understandable. The owner (Tom) himself was tending to customers and staff all night and he gave all the ladies at my table a Valentines gift. It was such a nice gesture and definitely made the experience one to remember forever. Thank you Aki for such a wonderful evening!!
I am in town for work and the customer service was amazing. I'm from a small town in indiana and I left feeling at home. I had the edamame and sushi sampler. Melt in your mouth and was suggested a great wine pairing!
I like Aki.
It's a cute place to go to for a lunch date or a go-to japanese restaurant when we crave it.  It probably has more to do with the location more so than the food, though.

When we go, I always get the donkatsu and love it here.  Trust me, I've had donkatsu at so many restaurants growing up, and even had my mom make it for me.  It's difficult to find donkatsu that is rich and moist, and not burnt on the edges to hurt your teeth.  

We also order the lunch special sushi.  And the rolls I usually order are spicy tuna, spicy yellowtail and the last one depends on my mood of that day.
Oh, the salad that comes with it... ALWAYS order the salad, not the miso soup! They use a special house sauce that I always crave and sometimes order another salad to go home! The waitress remembers us and sometimes slips in another salad for us :)

I think it's a little overpriced for the food, but since we usually catch the lunch specials, it's very reasonable.  

Also, the service is great.  The waitress remembers us and is very quick to get us what we need.  I lvoe that.  She literally runs to get new chopsticks for us when we drop it. 

Overall, 4 out of 5 stars! A go to sushi place that never disappoints.
Amazing fresh sushi
Amazing decor and ambience
Great prices and special
Delicious food and delicious drinking!
Great, nice people and great service
Highly recommend!
I went to Aki Sushi last night for a special free sushi event. The deal was that they would continuously bring you free sushi and you would buy drinks from the bar. They extended happy hour till 9pm which made for $4 wines and $5 cocktails. 

I also had a dish of seaweed salad in addition to the free sushi. It turned out that many more people came than were originally expected. This made for less sushi per individual. I sat at the sushi bar. The sushi wasn't pre-refrigerated or anything like that. It was all made fresh. They were giving out good quality rolls too, not just salmon and avocado. 

The sushi was good. They have a buffet selection on their menu for under $25. This is a good place to come and eat a ton of sushi. I can't say anything about what they are doing in the kitchen, but looking a some of the previous reviews I would say the sushi bar is the big attraction here. 

With Morimoto's just around the corner, this place offers a cheaper Japanese alternative where you can eat until you've had your fill. The service was very good also. All the staff were very kind and accommodating under the heavy work load. 

Although I ate only about 12 to 15 pieces of sushi, I left a fan of Aki just because they have an all you can eat menu. Their cocktails are really good too. 

4 stars for all you can eat sushi
Came here on a Sunday with a friend and a Groupon to try the all-you-can-order special. For ~$27 (without the groupon) you can order as many appetizers and sushi as you want. Even though they do limit sashimi to one sashimi appetizer per person, it's well worth the price to eat like kings! There are lots of options, from plain rolls, nigiri, to a list of their specialty rolls, you really can't go wrong.

While food quality at AYCE restaurants can generally be a notch lower than places where you pay by order, most of the things we ordered were delicious. The katsu and fried calamari were perfectly crispy. Our orders of nigiri (slice of fish over a pod of rice) came out very quickly and were delicious- the fish was reasonably fresh and they weren't too heavy on rice to try to fill us up. Of the special rolls, the green dragon (eel avocado cucumber with more avocado on top) and spider roll (deep-fried soft shell crab) were great while the Aki tempura (deep fried salmon topped with crab) and Cancun roll (smoked salmon skin avocado and cucumber) were mediocre. We just went back to another round of nigiri though, all of which were satisfying.

While I can't say much about normal ordering, the AYCE sushi is well worth the price. Just stay away from the crazier rolls and stick to the fast, delicious nigiri and simpler stuff!
I was at Aki Sushi for the filming of a TV show, "Sushi Smackdown". Throughout the course of filming, Aki sushi provided several house appetizers and sushi rolls to try, and everything we had was very tasty. I can't speak to the service as much, since we were filming and the waitstaff was navigating that situation. The interior was nice and everything was clean. I will definitely be back to try Aki, especially since I want to try their all you can eat sushi!
Literally made a yelp account to comment on how bad of an experience I had at this restaurant.  Asked for the all you can eat sushi and it took an hour for anything to come out.  There were about three other tables and was not crowded at all.  
Don't get me started on the sushi.  The sushi was not even good at all. 
When I walked in, it smelled like a worn out restaurant that had a reminscent of sake.  
I will never be returning.
My friends and I were on our way to Sampan for dinner but when we arrived there, the wait was too long. We decided to find another restaurant nearby to have dinner instead. We came across Aki Sushi here and decided to eat here. We got seated with quickly and staffs were friendly.

We decided to all do the AYCE option. We ordered appetizers and lots of sushi to share. It resulted in too much lol.. but we managed to finish it all. We all felt so full after eating the appetizers and towards the end, we all felt quite bloated. All in all, food was decent, fishes weren't that fresh but tasted ok.
Reviewing sushi is always tricky.  All you can eat is doubly so.  The problem with sushi is that it very much depends on how much experience you have when it comes to the scale you judge it by.  If you are used to supermarket sushi or other cheaper places, this place is really good.  Compare it to Morimoto or Izumi, and it might not fare so well.  When it comes to a food with such subtle differences in flavor, that can make all the difference.  Usually when you talk about all you can eat sushi, you end up in a buffet, or little more than a glorified cafeteria.  This is definitely a sit down restaurant with a polished wait staff, not at all what you'd expect.  It also prepared fresh and the portions are very generous.  I'll echo previous review in saying some of the pieces, and even a slice or two of roll were bigger than my bite could handle.

  Six of us met up there the other night.  It took our server a little while to realize that our entire party had shown up.  Over the course of the evening there were a few mixups, mostly due to the fact that 4 of us were working from one big plate, and the other couple ordered individually..  They corrected the mixups promptly and apologeticly, which actually wins them some points in my book.

  I thought the sushi was well made overall  The rice used was good, with the right taste, but it wasn't quite sticky enough to hold the fish on top of it, although it held together  when picked up.  The rolls were turned  a bit loose, some of them started to fall apart when picked up.  The wasabi was also very good, spicy and flavorful.  The all you can eat option was preceded with a small salad of lettuce, shredded carrot, and a tasty dressing, and the obligatory bowl of miso soup, which isn't really why you walked in the door, is it?

  I really enjoyed the eel and yellowfin pieces.  The tuna was above average, but didn't really wow me.  Also tried the fluke, salmon, smoked salmon, and striped bass nigiri, they were all good.  The rolls were well handled, the basic fish and rice rolls were a little plain, but nothing a dash of wasabi couldn't remedy.  The spicy tuna roll was tasty, and the shrimp tempura roll is something I'd recommend.  The hand rolls looked good, but I didn't have one myself, nor did I get a chance to enjoy a bite of my friends Red Snapper entree, which looked incredible.  The fish was consistently fresh, cool without the harsh edge of being frozen.

  They have what looks like a decent selection of sake, but it 's on the pricey side, and it was also warm outside, so I opted for a cold Asahi over a warm carafe of sake.  There's also a good selection of wine by the glass, at typical center city prices

  I'm definitely going to get back there at some point.  At $24.95/person, all  you can eat is definitely worth it if you expect to eat 2 or 3 rolls and a half dozen pieces.  Sushi isn't cheap, but you can't find a much better deal than this.  If you do go for all you can eat, I'd recommend ordering a couple of rolls to share at the beginning, then working on pieces individually, so you can order 2-4 pieces at a time and see how full you get.  I think it is now a full time all you can eat place again, but they still have a full menu.
Amazing!! 

I was in Philadelphia for work and yelped sushi happy hours. The venue is very nice and hip. I was  very lucky and had David as my bartender. During our conversation he stated that he was new; however, he is an A+ bartender. He's definitely an asset to this restaurant. 

Again, I went to this place because of their happy hour. They have two beers on happy your, Kirin and Americas oldest brewery, Yuengling. Lucky me, I like both. 

Their happy hour is half off all starters. I had 3 delicious dishes. First, the ceviche with salmon. Yum! Second, the pepper tuna tataki. It was good by bit the best that I've had. Lastly, and my favorite, yellowtail jalapeño. AMAZING!! I highly recommend this dish. All 3 were very good but the yellowtail was in its own category. 

I highly recommend this place during happy hour. As a bonus, sit at the bar with David.
Oh, Aki.

In terms of the affordability + quantity equation, Aki kicks some ass.  You can get the All You Can Eat for 25$, and the menu is fairly inclusive (comparable to what I've seen at other places, for sure).

I have been here twice and ordered the smorgasboard both times.  The first time was incredible.  The fish was really fresh, and their flavors just POPPED.  The spicy rolls have a little bit of a crunch, which is really nice, and I waddled out feeling really well fed and blown away by this little gem.

The second time was a let-down.  The fish was noticeably less fresh, which makes all the difference.  My dinner partner and I compensated by trying out some of the offered appetizers: miso soup, the chicken skewers, the pork dumplings.  They were pretty tasty (I'm tempted to go back during happy hour and order only the fancy appetizers, thanks to some of these reviews).

Service here can be touch-and-go.  When I make up my mind to plunk down thirty some bucks on one dinner, I don't mind slow service because I don't mind stretching the experience out.  Aki feels perpetually understaffed, even though three folks working the floor (it's pretty cozy inside) should be more than enough.  Sometimes they dim the lights A LOT, which was just baffling.

Being completely and utterly broke, I have to love this place for the affordability and convenient location, but the quality can vary.
We had a horrible experience at Aki few days ago. Sushi was not fresh, it tasted like metal, service is slow and they say it's 26$ all you can eat but they will charge you extra 10-15$ for each sushi roll if you didn't finish it. I was stuffing my face with roll that were really bad just to avoid getting charged $15 extra if I leave some pieces. Never go there please
Not half bad for all-you-can-eat sushi. As with AYCE sushi places, quantity over quality. But really, for the price, the quality of the sushi here is pretty good. For around $25, you can eat sushi till you throw it all back up, and then continue stuffing yourself thereafter. 

The service is friendly, and the atmosphere is nice and pretty classy. Kind of surprising that a place that looks as nice as this will let you stuff sushi in your face nonstop for such a relatively low price. 

This is a must for sushi gluttons. Though after an AYCE visit here, you won't want to look at sushi again for at least a month.

NOTE: This review is based on the AYCE sushi deal. Eating here otherwise is probably a ~3 star experience. However, compared to the other AYCE sushi places in Philly (Ajia and Mixx, as far as I know) this one is the best, which is why it gets 4 stars.
So disappointed. Aki's caliber has gone down significantly for the AYCE sushi. They used to be the only place in philly that gave fair portions of fish to rice ratio. Sadly now it's become just like EVERY AYCE sushi crap joint, now with WAY more rice to fish ratio. The rice was SUPER salty and so undercooked, which that alone is unforgivable. The fish slices are either really thin or they give you the odds and end pieces. All 6 pieces of our eel was nothing but thick skin and slime...ugh it was so grossly chewy too. If you haven't been to AKI in a long while for AYCE sushi, don't waste your money...it's not the same as it used to be.
2 stars because quality of food and service have both gone downhill, and the price of all you can eat gone up to $27.95.  You can choose any appetizers you like with this deal, but many of the rolls on the menu add $2-$3 more if you wanted them. It should be already be included. Also, when you get the all you can eat deal, the sushi comes with a lot more rice on it than the filling, and you are 'required' to eat all the rice, else you get charged more! This is crazy!  Maybe it was because we used a Groupon that the quality of the food was low.

We went at a time when it was not very crowded, so its not like they were really busy. Not only did we have to wait long for the rolls to come, but they were not put together very well either, as they fell apart and were very messy. When we told the server, he just said ok. The quality of the rolls was sub-par, and you could hardly taste or see the filling whatever it was you got.

We also ordered a bento box. I ordered a salmon teriyaki, but the there was hardly any sauce on the fish. Since they served it with, again, a lot of rice, I asked for more sauce which they brought, but it was completely bland. It did not even taste like teriyaki sauce.  

I am just not pleased with Aki anymore.  I've had better food elsewhere and would prefer to not go here anymore.
they're not totally at a 4 yet but definitely serving much better food than when i came here several years ago.

lunch was satisfying and that's really all i can ask for on a rainy day.  i got the 36 hour tonkotsu with an added egg.  it was a solid meal! they forgot to give me the spicy miso part of the karai tonkotsu.. but gave me the spicy sauce on the side so that was fine~ the heat level rise very quickly so i was content.  

the place was pretty packed for friday lunch which was a good sign.  it seemed like most people were ordering ramen more than sushi.  i didn't try the sushi this time.  from what i saw of the plates that were being brought out, it looked ok.  

my coworker is obsessed with this along with dan dan so im sure i'll visit again.  the price for ramen isn't the greatest deal so it can deter some, but for convenience, we might just have to settle.
All you can eat sushi?  Happy hour drink specials?  Some of the friendliest and best service I've had in Philadelphia.  This place is a great value, and our waiter was fantastic!  He did a wonderful job of explaining the all you can eat scenario, and it really has got to be one of the best deals in the city.  The appetizers we selected were delicious (calimari, gyoza and tatsu).  We also had several different rolls, so many I can't remember them all now but there was one with a softshell crab that was definitely the winner of the night.  I will definitely revisit Aki.
Been there few time. Last night was disappointing. Over 1 1\2 hour waiting food. For a all you can eat, have to pay for a full menù and leave endless waiting is so bad. Ice cream was the only offer they made after my complain.
My coworkers and I have ordered sushi from here for our "sushi friday" for no less than 8 times now. Their lunch special is very affordable with good quality. It's only $8.50 for any two rolls and it comes with miso soup/salad. The food is nothing fancy but it can be definitely considered as a good and cheap sushi lunch.
My girlfriend and I LOVE Aki!

We live around the corner and were so happy to find a sushi place so close to us that is so amazing. Their menu is enormous and has so many different options.

I am vegan and they are always so helpful to accommodate whatever I need and answer whatever questions I may have. They make me a broccoli tempura roll even though it's not on the menu and it's fantastic!

The owner knows us by name and always is sure to come over and say hi. He remembered our name and it meant so much to us! 

This is such a comfortable place and we love going! If you're in the Gayborhood, I highly suggest stopping by.
Wonk. I had high hopes for this place, but just because the decor is cute doesn't mean the food is good.

Food is mediocre.
- Yellowtail carpaccio: good, but the yuzu sauce was a touch too strong. Overpowered the fish.
- Ahi pepper tuna: nothing spectacular. It was decent, but I wasn't falling all over myself.
- Our trifecta of sushi (salmon, yellowtail, and toro) was disappointing, to say the least. The pieces were huge, such that we had to bite it in half (and I try to NEVER do this). The rice was so packed that it completely overtook the flavor of the fish. I guess that was sort of a good thing because the fish was not the freshest. BTW, the "toro" we got tasted and looked like regular tuna, but it was $10. Horrible mistake.

We tried to give them the benefit of the doubt ("hey, maybe their rolls are better") and ordered the lobster mazy roll. OY. We didn't even finish it. It was mushy and fell apart when you took it off the plate. The gyoza was decent, but if you eff that up, you have some serious issues.

Service was okay.

Halfway through our meal, a group of gaggling girls came in celebrating someone's birthday. My husband and I wanted to burst out laughing when the first two told their group that they were excited because they ordered a California roll. Then our emotions quickly turned to horror when one of them said, "You're so loud you're almost black!" to another...there was a black girl right behind us, at another table near them. (O_o)

Anyway, the price definitely did not justify. It was about $10 less than what we could have gotten at Vic or Sakeya, but I'd rather pay that extra $10 and get a truly decent meal.
If you can handle all-you-can-eat-sushi, go for it! I discovered that I am not made of bottomless stomach.

It's been so long after I have visited that I forgot exactly what rolls I gorged myself with. I can definitely say that I wish there was less rice in my sushi, but the sushi itself was prepared well. Good spices, fresh fish, good times.

Knocking down a star for the fine print. You know, the whole "eat everything, seaweed, rice, and all. Otherwise, we charge you a la carte." 

I definitely felt and probably looked like Violet Beauregarde as my stomach grew exponentially status post excessive sushi ingestion which probably knocked off circulation.

Next time, definitely NOT eating all the sushi I can eat.
I've been wanting to try Aki for their $27 AYCE option and I'm glad I did! They have a separate menu for their AYCE, but there are a lot of options (appetizers, nigiri, rolls, dessert) on that menu so it was definitely worth the try. 

I was happy with the quantity of the sushi, however the quality wasn't the best. Some of my rolls came with the "house sauce" or something like that and it was just the sweet chili sauce they sell at the Asian supermarkets. Some of my rolls were drenched in that sauce which took away from any other flavor the roll could've had. The fish was fresh, but not the best that I've had. 

I would come back for the all you can eat option and to the the other AYCE items that I didn't try yet!
I commonly love this spot--I've gone here week after week for a couple of months. In any case, the administration is slipping. 

Half a month prior, we sat down and nobody came to take our beverage request for 10 minutes. 

Today around evening time, I requested a chicken tempura roll and the chicken was undeniable. It was unmistakably refrigerated from the prior night and tasted old. 

I advised the server and was shocked to in any case observe it on my bill. There are other sushi alternatives in the region, to be completely forthright. Dismal, in light of the fact that I once adored this spot.
The former self of Aki was another all-you-can-eat restaurant called Aoi and to be completely blunt, Aoi was a dark, dirty, dumpy place where they chump up sushis with extra rice so their diners get filled up on rice instead of the more pricier seafood on it. 

So they changed a letter in their name and redesigned the space to a flashier exterior. The service was a lot better, the servers are more attentive. And when they were first reopened, I went there and loved the food despite the long wait that everyone seems to be experiencing. Since I seldom come across a Japanese sushi all you can eat that I really like. (Fans should looks up Minado and NYC's Ichiume) 

For a period, I longed to find an excuse and go back to Aki, for the all you can eat. But last time I went, the rice to ingredient portion has returned to its former Aoi self. Big chunk of rice, tiny, thin sliver of fish and that's my first round. It's either an untrained sushi chef with company saving as his motto or it's getting to be a gyp again. Maybe the sushi chef will not feel the need to fill you up with rice with regular a la carte menu but this place left me heartbroken, so I will probably stay away from it from now on, I do so hate feeling duped. 

Why use dirty tricks? If you can't afford offer all you can eat in your restaurant for $25, why not raise the price or just give up the offer? Why give yourself a bad reputation? 1.5 stars just because it's brighter and better service.
Came here for the sushi marathon. I like the made to order style. They had decent choices with a menu that wasn't too overwhelming. The service was wonderful and the sushi came out pretty quickly. However, not the best sushi ever. They were decent, but nothing to go ooohhh and ahhh over. I actually enjoyed the appetizers best. The sashimi platter, calamari and gyoza were all great. Overall a very underwhelming sushi experience.
In the midst of my craving for ramen, I stumbled upon Aki Nom Nom, known for their sushi and ramen. When I entered, their restaurant design wasn't noteworthy (I did appreciate the Japanese artwork that adorned the wall), however, as Amy Winehouse and songs like, "Put Your Head On My Shoulder" by Paul Anka played, I felt pretty comfortable. 

I came with a friend and we ordered pork buns and takoyaki as an appetizer, which were both delicious. One criticism would be regarding the plating the takoyaki was presented in; each ball was lined horizontally in a narrow plate, making it quite difficult to eat. 

Then we received our ramen, both being Aki's ramen specialty: the Aki Nom Nom ramen. The presentation was beautiful, making my mouth water on site. But when actually tasting the broth, we found our ramen to be incredibly salty. I couldn't even finish my bowl due to how salty my ramen was.  

Hoping to try the sushi the next time I come...
Haven't been out for dinner for a while and found that they have limited outdoor sitting for dinning in.
Loved their buffet but it wasn't an option during this pandemic! They still have sushi and certain selected items available, the bento box was colorful and delicious, it boosted my mood instantly! Service was very nice as well. Go support them if you are around!
Average..we ordered sushi and ramen and there was nothing special about any of the dishes..prices are also on the higher end and do not justify the quality of food served
Decent bowl of Ramen, the large Aki Nom Nom plate came with two halves of soft boiled eggs and 3 (very) thick pieces of pork. Even though it was not as large as "large" ramen bowls are at other places, I got full and was satisfied. For my taste, it was missing flavors and toppings, it was relatively basic. I ordered it because the menu said it was their most popular item.

I would give it 3 stars were it not for the courteous and friendly staff who kept checking on my table and made sure my - lunch hour - meal was served quickly.
I'm not a huge fan of ramen anyways so my review may be biased.. however, my sister really loves ramen so I came with her to try their spicy veggie ramen! 

To start out with, we ordered the eggplant steamed buns. There was tempura fried eggplant inside with some lettuce and other veggies inside. It was 2 for $7, which was a bit expensive considering the size of the buns. They were okay, not anything special, but they tasted better with the spicy mayo they gave on the side. 

We both ordered the spicy yasai ramen. I got medium spicy, and my sister got the spicy. For me, the medium spicy was a good amount, the spicy version seemed a little too spicy. The noodles were a really good texture, and the toppings were good, but I wished there were more veggies in the bowl. The broth was also good and flavorful, but I'm not sure if it's worth coming back here.
Food: 9/10
Service: 10/10
Food, service, vibe, atmosphere, was all amazing. 
First off, our waitress offered us the happy hour menu even though it was almost ending, was very patient with us when we were waiting for our last party and when ordering multiple rounds of all you can eat sushi. 
She was extremely nice, and all the other waitresses were also very welcoming.

Sushi was extremely fresh, all the special rolls we're very delicious, they don't use much rice in sushi which I liked, the fried calamari which we got about five times was so delicious, the cocktails are a bit strong but the lychee martini and tropical fruit one was so delicious. I will definitely be coming here again! 

Per person came out to about $45 but totally worth it and we definitely got our worth of sushi.
This review is a culmination of two visits to this venue.  

My first visit was consisted of the spicy karai ramen bowl that  is made with a 36-hour broth (per the menu).  It was good but it was nothing special.  I've had more flavorful and savory bowls of ramen before.  They have quite the selection of ramen bowls and so I would come here for variety.  I wanted to try the aki nom nom last night - their signature ramen style-- but they only serve the larger sizes at dinner, per my server.  I was not willing to be conned into paying $4 more dollars for a larger size 
-- minus 1 star

Sushi was was the backup plan.  I had some rolls on my first visit and only had sushi on my second.  They have two classes of rolls -- $6 rolls and the "speciality" rolls that are the fancier types with fancy names and a better aesthetic appearance.  I love value and decided to go with the former.  I did not notice this the first visit here but definitely noticed this last night.  There $6 rolls are terrible-- I ordered the spicy salmon, spicy scallop, and spicy tuna.  It's not the taste that is bad.  More so, it was my observation that all 3 of the rolls looked the same and even tasted the same.  I also noticed the fish was not lump but the shredded type for all 3.  There just was not a difference between these rolls in taste.  

Now I have been to other sushi spots that offer the same type of menu.  My favorite in the area is Fat salmon.  It is just a few blocks down and they have speciality rolls and regular rolls around the same price as this jawn.  However, their lower priced rolls are 10x better than the ones this place has.  It was decent, but not really worth the low $6 price unless you are going for cheap filler sushi.  I did not even take a picture of the rolls as there was no reason too.  They all literally looked the same and they did not have any aesthetic appeal.

In summary , I would come here for ramen during lunch hours when you can order the size you want.  I would not come here for sushi.
Had a really good time here for a small birthday get together.  Even was lucky enough to be entertained by Philly Jesus during my dining experience (does not normally come with the all-you-can-eat sushi).  Read the 'rules' of the all-you-can-eat menu before you get too crazy, but the price is totally worth it if your appetite is ready for it.  Get the sashimi sampler as the appetizer because you can only get one, so you know it is good.  All the rolls and sashimi piecies I ordered was excellent and fresh.  Good plan to go by: after you receive a plate from a previous order, put another one in while eating.  This will keep the gap close between plate-to-plate service.  Make your presence know to the sushi chefs, and of course be friendly.  Helped my group out by them throwing in an extra plate of a special type of roll for my table.  Nice service, fresh fish, and a really nice time for a birthday party!
I love sushi. And although my parents own a sushi restuarant, Im not as picky as most would be.

Let me first start off with the service. Noone refilled our green tea or water.  We didn't get our first dish until 35 mins later on a sunday night when the place was almost empty. It was just slow. 

Our sushi, specifically the fish, was dry. The rice wasn't sticky enough. The tuna was still frozen.

Not worth your money go try somewhere else.
This is my favorite place to go for Happy Hour: $3 beers, $5 wines, and1/2 priced appetizers. You can't beat $5 tuna tartar and $5 sashimi! 

I usually sit at the bar and the bartender is very attentive and friendly.  They'll let you have all the HH specials if you grab a table too. Food and drinks always came out pretty quickly for me. 

The main reason I keep going back to Aki is for their Yaki Udon (entree $13). It is sauteed udon noodles with chicken, vegetables, shrimp, and shredded eggs on top. I crave this dish. This is soooo good!
For review 1100 (!!!) I give it up to a UYE of epic sushi eating proportions!

I was big time ready for this event when it was to be held at Minado which is still on my list, but the sucky ass winter weather that I'm so over moving it to Philly didn't phase me since Aki and its impressive all you can eat sushi menu were things that I've been wanting to savor. And savor I did in 3 EPIC portions that I barely triumphed (excluding the rice portion of nigiri I hid under my napkin at the end point) over!

Obviously the all you can eat menu wasn't as widespread as the regular, and some of the more exotic rolls had an extra pricetag included. But it featured an excessive variety of appetizers (Gyoza, miso soup, pork katsu, fried oysters, etc.) nigiri (fluke, red clam, salmon, yellowtail, flying fish roe, etc), hand rolls (Philly, California, yellowtail & avocado, eel, etc.), specialty rolls and then some! And it more than compensated for my goal of helping me expand my horizons my avoiding my typical shrimp, eel, and salmon centered sushi options.

The spicy scallop & avocado roll w/ caviar offered a shredded scallop that didn't win me over as much as I expected it to. But the soft shell crab tempura of the spider roll was an epic win of crispness. But the true winner of the specialty rolls was the explosive combo of spicy snow crab and salmon wrapped in soybean and drizzled in special sauce that the samurai roll offered. I also instantly understood why the sashimi was limited to one appetizer order per All You Can Eat customer, because its perfection was something that would have easily overkilled my gluttony.

whether you aim to slay the all you can eat option, are looking for the perfect sushi and sake filled dinner, or just need a new place to try for work lunch; Aki is definitely a perfect destination!
Came here with a couple of friends on a Saturday night and they were pretty busy! We all ended up ordering a whole bunch of things.  Everything I tried was decent... certainly not the best sushi I've had, but pretty good.  I personally ordered the salmon bento box and it was a good amount of food.  Overall, it was a decent meal but not a place I'd be running back to.
I've been here a few times for the All you can eat sushi, it's pretty decent.  Really, you do AYCE to stuff your face, not to savor the flavors.  

I rarely do AYCE anymore but last I recall, the sushi took awhile to prep.  They tend to put a lot of rice into the rolls..which I guess is their way of trying to slow down the expenses of AYCE sushi.
Went for lunch and ordered a bento box lunch special with a salad. Food exceeded expectations, and portions were generous given the price. 

Had the Unagi Don, it was cooked well and not too salty. Salad had a nice ginger dressing, but it comes with the option of miso soup as well. Bento box included a lot of vegetables, California roll, seaweed salad, rice, and more (forgetting a lot, there was a lot of variety)

Friends had the teriyaki salmon and chicken katsu bento boxes, I didn't try them but my friends said they were great as well. 

Service is excellent.

Only complaint is that for lunch, it took us about an hour in and out the door- a little too long for my taste, unsure why cooking the food took so long. Was hardly a lunch rush either. Other than that, it was a great experience.

Will definitely be back!
This place has the worst customer service in center city. Dined in here once and waited for an hour for food and they got our order wrong. Ordered pick up twice. Both times they ignored me for awhile when I arrived then multiple people asked me what I was waiting for the forgot. Finally after 25 minutes, they realized they forgot about my order after telling me it was ready and had to make it while I waited. Food is decent but it is so poorly run that no one should ever go here.
Last night my boyfriend and I ate at Aki Nom Nom.. all I can say is WOW. From the cleanliness, the atmosphere, the service, and the food it was incredible! Our server Frank was so polite and informative and made our experience perfect. The sushi is so fresh and their presentation of the dishes are beautiful. We will definitely be back here for more date nights!
This restaurant has made improvements in three short months. I've come here multiple times for the all-you-can-eat sushi, and this visit was much better than previous ones. They've reprinted their menus and the quality of the food has improved. The rolls are made with less rice, and the salmon was so fresh (and fatty, in the best way possible) that it melted in my mouth. Everything was much more carefully made compared to my past experiences. I hope they keep up the effort because I'm definitely coming back (with more people!!).
Very average sushi and appetizers. We went for the all you can eat menu for $28.95. My favorite item on the menu was the chicken yakitori. The service was phenomenal. The waiter was super attentive and very nice!
Haven't been out for dinner for a while and found that they have limited outdoor sitting for dinner in.
Loved their buffet but it wasn't an option during this pandemic! They still have sushi and certain selected items available, the bento box was colorful and delicious, it boosted my mood instantly! Service was very nice as well. Go support them if you are around.
I recently came here with two of my friends for the all-you-can-eat sushi. For a $25 price tag, I wasn't expecting extremely high quality sushi, but at that price range, I have definitely had better. Overall, the experience was average, but I left the establishment feeling a little bitter.

Let's start with the good. The wait staff was very responsive and always took our next batch of orders before we finished our current ones. It is always a major plus for the service when our water cups never go empty. The ambience was very nice and the place could serve as a date destination. And that's pretty much all that was good.

What really turned me off from this restaurant was how slowly the sushi was prepared. Even though our orders were put in early, it still took about 20 minutes on average for each round of food to come out.  I think this is really unreasonable considering the relative emptiness of the establishment and the fact that we were the only table doing all-you-can-eat. We sat down for about 2 hours and only managed to get in 4 rounds of food before we left in frustration. That's right, we left the all-you-can-eat while we were still hungry. I was ready to go to a McDonald's right after.

Even worse than the wait was what we got after we finished waiting. I felt the sushi chefs were playing games with us. With each progressive round of food, our nigiri pieces became thinner and the rice was thicker. The fish was so thin, you could literally see right through it. We eventually stepped up our orders to 5 pieces of nigiri per fish, but our plates came back with only 3 pieces of each instead. Not only did they leave us with minimal fish, but they even capped the amount we could order at any one time without actually telling us. To avoid this, I started focusing more on unagi and hand rolls instead of nigiri. By this time, I was already getting tired of all the games.

The quality of the fish that we did manage to eat was about average. I have definitely eaten worse sushi. To be honest, it is difficult to gauge the quality of the fish with such small amounts of it at a time, but my most reasonable guess puts it squarely on the average. The unagi was good and the vegetables were all fresh. The sushi nigiri was a little bit too warm and the rice was noticeably harder than what I am used to.

Based solely on the all-you-can-eat experience, I give this place a fairly low rating. If the chefs did not play games with us, I would be inclined to give this place 4 stars. Honestly, if your restaurant is so unwilling to honor their all-you-can-eat policy by stalling and trickery, it really shouldn't be offered at all. We could just have easily spent our money ordering a la carte sushi with a shorter wait and normal-sized pieces of fish instead and left completely satisfied. Instead, what we got was a very deceptive night of frustration and disappointment. Perhaps the regular menu would offer a better experience, but after this debacle, I wouldn't go back again.

-C
Aki has good lunch specials ($11-15) that make this an easy choice during the week. Various roll combos or sushi/sashimi platters also arrive with your choice of miso soup or salad. It's usually not very crowded during lunch either, so the chefs are able to serve you quickly. They also have a full bar, if you're feeling rebellious at lunch (or just want to go to happy hour).

If you are a sushi fiend and can't get enough, get the all-you-can-eat special. $26.95/head allows you to have unlimited apps, sushi, maki, and some special rolls (some have an extra surcharge). A notable exception to this is the sashimi plate, of which only one can be ordered per head. Totally worth it, so make sure you eat it. You have to eat EVERYTHING you order or you will be charged a la carte, so take it slow and only order when you're sure you can finish the dish. Drinks not included.

The food itself is solid, with a good ratio of rice to fillings and lots of fresh fish. I especially love their miso soup, which has a really thick broth and minimal tofu cubes. On the weekends, the sushi chefs have to rush more to serve the crowd, so the technique slips a little (but then again, when you're scarfing down all the sushi you can eat, does a loose roll really matter that much? Not to me!).
I can probably get better wasabi if I waited for my neighbor's dog to poop. Service was bad, took forever for us to get the check. It also took forever for us to receive our food even when it wasn't busy. I can get better service from a funeral home. There was too much rice on the sushi. On the plus side, they had working lights!
On a Friday night, my boyfriend and I made a reservation (a good idea, because the weekend before we couldn't get in). The food was decent but service was so awful that instead of 4 stars I had to bump to 3. There was a large party of about 20 and unfortunately our waitress was assigned to their table, effectively forgetting us. After dunking sushi after sushi into salty soy sauce we were practically begging for a water refill that did not come for a loooooong time. Additionally we ordered starters (salad, shumai and tuna tataki) but somehow these plus our sushi entrees all came out at once, which made a precarious arrangement of one too many plates on a small table at once. I would avoid the spicy tuna here. No one got sick but to me it did not taste fresh. However, I really enjoyed the tuna tataki. The starter salad for only $3 is a deal because it is large and full of veggies. 

I would return here but possibly on a weeknight where maybe I could be afforded better service.
Came here with the groupon and did the AYCE. We came here for an early dinner, so there weren't many people when we went. Our server was very sweet, and our waters were always full. The food was pretty good. I don't eat sushi that often, but I was satisfied with everything we got. 

We got the gyoza and pork katzu to start off with while we waited for our rolls.  We ordered spicy spider rolls, the cancun roll, aki tempura roll, california rolls, philadelphia rolls, and chicken tempura rolls as well as the eel nigiri, striped bass nigiri, and yellow tail. And we left stuffed and satisfied.  

Only downside was that there was always a pretty long wait in between orders. We weren't in a rush, and our server was really sweet and apologetic about it the whole time. However, that would be something to keep in mind if you're on a time crunch, or you could just order a bunch at the same time. Using the groupon was also a complete breeze and no hassle. Can't wait to come back again!
Love this place Happy Hour as often as possible.  Great specials  appetizers an wait staff is friendly.  It's been in the Gayborhood for 20 years.
Yesterday was my friends birthday. We have not made any friends yet in Philly, so it was my cousin(who rules), birthday girl(also rules hard) and myself who went out on the town. 
B-day girl wanted sushi, and after searching on Yelp we decided to go with Aki. 
The drinks were fantastic, I had the Aki Tai, which involved rum, pineapple juice and some other stuff I just can't remember right now. It tasted just like a blue Hawaiian. B-day girl got the pomegranate lychee martini and lurved it. 
Cousin ordered spicy tuna, salmon and yellow tail rolls. B-day girl and I ordered the sushi and sashimi for 2. It was all good and fine, but not the best I have had. I am just happy the birthday girl had a good time on her first b-day in Philly.
Nice date place. Tables are spaced out enough to give you and your date some privacy unlike other restaurants in the city.

Service is okay....it does take awhile for the food to arrive.

Have lots of variety of the rolls. Not sure if it was the sushi or not, but after dinner our stomachs both hurt that night and the next.
I am always happy to get All You Can Eat Sushi! There is few things in life that sound so good to me. The sushi here is pretty good prob the best I have had in Philly. With the all you can eat you can get any of the appetizers to but honestly who would do that when sushi is available. I don't even know how many pieces of nigri I order but it always comes quick and delicious. The price could be more favorable but it is the only AYCE near where I live so its my favorite. 

Recommendation: AYCE and order till your full and love every bite.
Aki offers good quality sushi and fantastic Japanese food. 

I have gone twice, once for Center City Sipps and the second time for all you can eat sushi. My dining partner and I ordered almost everything on the appetizer menu the first time. The price is fantastic, especially for the Happy Hour deal, and each dish was very tasty and excellently presented. The sushi was fresh and tasty and the appetizers looked great and tasted better. My dining partner like the Tuna Pancakes so much, she ordered them twice! For drinks, I enjoyed the hot house Sake. Two bottles! Just about as good as a house sake as you can find in Philly.

The second time we went, for all you can eat sushi, was just as good. We were encouraged to eat as much as we could and everything we ordered was fresh and tasty. The service (both times) was very, very good, and we tipped as such. Prompt hostess, followed by attentive, quick, friendly and knowledgable waitress. I wish I remembered our waitress's name, she was very good. There was an initial mistake on my drink order, and she apologized and fixed it immediately. 

I was a little hesitant about Aki for all you can eat sushi based on former reviews (such as promptness of food coming to the table, amount of rice to fish, and service issues), but every issue I anticipated was nonexistent. We were encouraged to eat as much as we wanted (as long as we didn't waste any), as soon as a plate was empty our waitress asked if we were ready for the next round, and the sushi was delicious and just as I would expect a la carte. 

The ambience is good as well. It's cozy and welcoming, small to medium sized, and not the least tacky or uninviting. 

5 big stars for Aki, I will be back, again.
I came here on a Saturday evening with a group of friends. The place is nice and the service is pretty fast. We all opted for the All you can eat sushi and apps for $25.95. I found some of the special rolls to be a little underwhelming but the appetizers were good. 

The staff was very nice and helped me a conceal a cake for someone on the table and brought it out at the perfect time! They didn't even mind the annoying (yet fun) relighting candles I'd bought. 

My biggest problem with this place was that the women's bathroom was out of order and the men's bathroom was gross and borderline unusable.
The sushi here is delicious!  They have a good variety of maki rolls and traditional nigiri, which works well for my tastes.  They also make great cooked dishes, so those friends who aren't so into the raw fish side of things will be happy.  The $24.95 all you can eat special is a great deal, since they make it all fresh as you order.  The lunch specials and happy hour prices are amazing!

Service is completely random.  Some of my servers have been great, but it's generally the slowest slowy slow service ever.  But I keep coming back because the fish is yummy and I leave full, happy and not broke.  So yay!
I've been to Aki a good handful of times (9 or 10?).  As many have said before, they have an all-you-can-eat sushi selection.  For those unaware or new to this sort of thing, you order as much as you think you can eat and they make the rolls/nigri pieces.  It's not the type where you scoop up old sushi pieces on a hot plate at a regular buffet!  Just don't over order or else they will charge you a la carte prices.

I never had any trouble with the service or the sushi.  I have also never had to wait on a table either.  Not sure if I am lucky or what, but it's awesome getting your food in a punctual manner!  Plus, on a few occasions, I admittedly couldn't finish my plate, but my waitresses always let it slide.  They also comped us once for free sake due to some error on their part, which is pretty schweeeettt.  

As for the food itself, I do nottttt recommend any rolls with Jalapeños.  Personally, I did not think it mixed well with the sushi at all. It overpowered the subtle taste of sushi.  Other than that, the sushi here is fresh.  If you haven't been spoiled by top-quality sushi from a high-end restaurant, this place is great quality for the price. On a side note, I believe the special rolls, as typical of a lot of sushi places, are drenched with a lot of sauce so I suggest asking for less sauce or order other sides of more plainer rolls/sushi to balance the overwhelming sauce. Additionally, they have the most selection of appetizers than a lot of all-you-can-eat sushi places I've been to.

P.S.  They have Kirin Ichiban (tastes exactly like Coors Light imo), Sapparo, and Sake (take it warm!) here.
I tried out Aki for All You Can Eat.  According to their sign out front, it is now 7 nights a week (before it was only on certain days.)  For $25, you get a laminated sheet of choices that include your standard apps, rolls, nigiri, and hand rolls.  Nothing was bad, but nothing was amazing (not that I was expecting this.)  I actually really liked the hand roll option, as you don't see this that often.  The nigiri was relatively disappointing, as the sushi was not properly cut, wasn't pre-seasoned with wasabi, and was just average quality overall.  

If you're a "fancy roll" fan (I am not, generally) the AYCE option probably isn't for you, as the rolls are only standard 1 or 2 item rolls.  If you like handrolls however, it's a good deal.  If you're in a fat kid that likes sushi mood (which I often am) then Aki is a solid option.
The sushi was good and my not so positive review has more to do with the bad experience after we left. One of the rolls that I had, had fish bones in one of the rolls which was strange but whatever. 

My issue is this: we went with two other people and before leaving we left our tip on the table. After we part our ways my friend gets a call from the RESTAURANT on a blocked number saying that we did not leave a tip!! What restaurant would ever call a customer over this? Either someone stole the tip or the money fell off the table but this really offended me. That's not okay to call a customer over a tip. My friend actually went back and gave them another tip. This is embarrassing to both us and on the restaurant. Not cool and won't go back here.
I've come here often for the all-you-can-eat sushi deal, and it never disappoints considering how much normal rolls of sushi are in any restaurant! This past time was my most pleasant experience, perhaps because we made a reservation and stuck with its numbers. A group of 18 of us came here on a Thursday night, to a pretty full restaurant, and was accommodated very well. Our food came out pretty quickly too; perhaps because I was with a lot of friends and the time seemed to pass faster, or perhaps because a group of 4 of us shared everything so we just ordered all the rolls--probably easier for the waiters to take care of. 
The sushi is delicious for its price and there is something for everyone! I love some of the specialty rolls, especially the Spider Roll, but also heartily enjoy the maki rolls such as spicy scallop and spicy salmon. The Nigiri is pretty good too; I love trying different types, but my hands down favorite will always be the salmon. 

The appetizers that are included are pretty delicious as well; I haven't been able to try as many as I like, but I do enjoy the seaweek salad, calamari (sometimes), miso soup, sashimi, and edamame. The vegetable tempura and pork katsu are also solid choices. 

A fantastic deal if you can't get enough of sushi!
Eating at Aki was a great way to destress after an entire semester of school.

Definitely value for money given that one special roll on its own will set you back between $12-14. You only need to eat 2 of such rolls in order to cover the cost of feasting on the buffet! 

Over our meal, we also realized that the best fish-to-rice ratio was probably the nigiri and thus we kept ordering that to fill us up! Even though the nigiri might lack the fancy looks of any of the special rolls you might want to order, it is probably the best bang for your buck if you want to eat more fish and less of other stuff. 

If you're an avocado lover, the amount of avocado found in the sushi items that contain avocado is also rather generous so prepare to knock yourself in that regard!

Definitely worth trying at least once if you're into sushi and feel like eating a lot!
My sushi came with a small bug crawling out of my dragon roll. The waiter didn't even bother to apologize.

His response was "Do you want to talk to the manager?"

Seriously???
My husband and I went here on maybe our third or fourth date back in 2010 and we have been coming back ever since. We've dined here over a dozen times and rarely had a bad experience. Once the service was extremely slow and another time the sushi was just off but that was long ago before either the management or ownership changed. Ever since the change, the dining room has had a makeover and the service has improved. 

We always go for the all-you-can-eat sushi and I love to sip on their hana lychee sake. It has a sweet and flowery taste and is an easy introduction to sake for those who've never had it before. 

I have a soft spot for Aki and I don't think we'll ever stop eating here.
The ash gray haired colored lady will only sit u on the tables if u r white but if u r colored u have to wait even though there are 5 tables open, expect to wait long for your sushi whether you get the AYCE or ala carte menu, so we really wanna try it tonight we ended up seating at the bar because she said there are no tables but after we sat at the bar and there are 2 white couples they got seated right away on the tables and they dont even have any reservations coz i can hear the lady asks them how many were their party. Haaay!!!! They only have 3 sushi chefs  when they know AYCE is gonna be busy haaay this place sucks, the other tables got their food first so we decided to leave but the server ran after us and ask to pay for the order even when its not served this place disgusts me stay away!!! There are no managers no customer service and oh well what do you expect from these low lifes
Went to Aki last night with a large group (13 people) for a friend's birthday. Had a reservation for 8:00.

Started at the bar. Since I'm not a beer drinker and the wine and cocktails were priced comparably, I went for the Geisha cocktail. Whoa, was it good. Super, super good. I'd go back just to drink this drink! I forget what was in it...that's how good it was. I remember something about grenadine and mango, and having the drink taste a bit like grapefruit (typically I hate grapefruit, but this was delicious).

Anyway, on to the food.

The draw of Aki is apparently the all you can eat sushi menu for 25 bucks. I didn't opt for this because we had just had a massive amount of sushi on Tuesday night, so I was going to go a different route. I did notice that many people in our party did this, and they really got a bang for their buck. You can choose from salads, appetizers, sushi, sashimi, hand rolls, etc. Most people got a ridiculous amount of food, which really makes this a good option if you've got a craving and an empty stomach.

For me, I got the avocado salad, which was good because it was massive, but I felt the ginger dressing was not as ginger-y as it could have been.

Then I had the chicken yakitori. Three pieces of chicken on a stick with a spicy sauce that tasted much like soy. The sauce was really good, but the chicken was just "meh."

For my main meal I got a Philadelphia roll (I love me some cream cheese). I liked this roll because they did something to the salmon - crushed it, cut it, I don't know. It wasn't one big chunk of salmon in the roll. I like this because it made it easier to chew and all of the contents got mixed up in my mouth easily.

My husband got the Yaki Soba - chicken and shrimp stir-fried with soba noodles and veggies. It was decent.

My main gripe with this place is the service. They were SOOOO slow and they messed up three people's orders. If it weren't for that, I would probably bump my rating up to 3.5 or 4 stars.
So meh.
I've been here twice. Once for ACYE and once for a random late night sushi craving.

The AYCE wasn't too bad, but a bit expensive for the limited small dry rolls you end up getting.

The second time was silly. We came late night and put in an order for Sashimi. Just sashimi, nothing else. We weren't sure if the waiter had heard us right the first time so just to make sure we called him back over and reconfirmed with him and he agreed with what we said. . . I be you know where this is going because you've probably read it in Stephanie P.'s review, but when it did finally arrive, 15 min later (the restaurant was practically empty), it was Sushi & Sashimi. At this point we were too hungry to bother contesting it, we just wanted sushi, not another wait, so we ate it up, it wasn't too bad for a late night snack but the mistake and long wait unfortunately caused a denial of tip.

Find another sushi restaurant (there are a few not too far), it might cost you a few dollars more, but it'll be worth it.
Holy Hell. Aki, how many ways did I loathe my experience with you? Let me count the ways. 

1. Your watered down soy sauce. Let's start at the most illustrative and representative point. You couldn't even get your soy sauce right. Never in my life have I complained about the soy sauce. I mean, I feel silly writing this, but in a blind taste test; your soy sauce could not be differentiated between lukewarm sea water with a little bit of regurgitated wasabi in it. If you can't get soy sauce right, you know you are probably in for a wild ride. And boy were we ever. 

2. For the first time ever, I found multiple bones and gristle (for lack of a better word) in my fish. Having to pull bones and gristle out of my mouth mid-chew didn't jive with my date night feel I was going for. 

3. Your fish was curiously warm and the texture was concerning. Enough said, this is not high quality or fresh fish by any stretch of the imagination. 

4. You did not serve me sushi. You served me lukewarm and overaged fished limply draped over a soggy pile of rice. It was like a sad, dying golden retriever putting his head on your knee for the last time before you take him to the vet to be put down. Nothing sadder. On top of that, they don't put wasabi between the fish and the rice. You shouldn't have some yelp reviewer with clearly too much time on his hands teaching you the fundamentals of sushi. 

5. The service was barely existent. I saw my server 4 times throughout the night, but she was busy, so I blame the same people who re-re-re-refridgerate the fish they serve and not the hard working servers who are understaffed. 

6. We bought the Groupon, but still feel like I overpaid. I've gone to all you can eat buffets in florida who have sushi the same quality as this place. I saw they do all you can eat sushi, which indicates it's not financially viable to serve high quality fish with this offer, but then everyone suffers, regardless of whether or not we want to participate in this gluttonous act. It's basically failed socialism, with stinky fish. 


Bottom line, there are SO SO SO MANY good sushi places in Philly. Most of them cheaper than this place and BYOB. Save yourself, the time, money, and fiery post consumption diarrhea and go somewhere else.
My partner and I always come here when we want to eat a bunch of delicious sushi. They have an "all you can eat" price that is available any time of day, and is well worth what they charge ($26). We did the math and if you get two different rolls from their specialty rolls menu while doing the "all you can eat" option, everything after that is essentially free.
We typically eat 5 or 6 different rolls each, so this is a super good deal for us. Try it out! Even just ordering off the regular menu is great, this place has some really innovative and interesting rolls that will leave you satisfied. The staff is really friendly and nice as well, and have always given us good service. Definitely one of our favorite places to come to when we are in this part of town.
Disappointing. Simply. 

I have been craving sushi for the past four months (on rebound with vegetarian food), so walking through center city one day I see this place and thought to give it a try (yeah, I know I am not winning points for sticking with MY Decisions here). The sushi here is SO bland...to the extent that you try three of the highly recommended entrees here to still feel that you have not have had sushi for four months!
We have been coming to this restaurant for years and we always loved their sushi and found their all-you-can-eat menu great. 
Last night we had dinner at Aki and unfortunately the food quality was drastically below par. We orders the usual rolls from their menu and nothing was like it used to be and we struggled to finish our rolls. I don't know what happened but it's not the same place
The ask you can eat option is amazing if you like sushi.  The variety of sushi is good and the fish is fresh.
