What a terrible experience.

I initially called Aksum 5 days in advance to make a reservation for a large party at 6pm on Friday. The last reservation I made for a large party had been cancelled, so I had them verify that they could handle a party of 15 people. They assured me they could. 

The day of our reservation, Friday, I started receiving multiple phone calls from random numbers while at work. I was unable to pick up, but I called back an hour later. A gentleman picked up, and said, "Uh, hello, what?" ...after explaining that I wasn't sure why this number had called me, he said, "Oh, yeah, can you come at 6:30 instead?" ..... I still didn't know what this person was talking about, until I had to verify. Terrible professionalism. It took me a while to re-coordinate our party to come at 6:30pm, but I was able to do it, and hence moved the reservation literally 2 hours before we were supposed to be there.

Our party walked to Aksum, which is down Baltimore from Penn's campus. We got there, and the ambiance and location were both beautiful, with Middle Eastern decor. Most of our party sat down, and two us went to the nearby store to get some wine, as the place is a BYO. They came back, and the restaurant opened our wine (and apparently threw away the corks / caps...) We were then pressured to order (from a fortunately well labeled veg-friendly menu!,) and the food came out strangely fast for that large a group, which made me wary...

I ordered the lentil soup, which was traditional pretty good, and the grilled seitan, which was painfully bad. The full description of the dish is "grilled seitan served with herb wild mushroom faro, topped with peppers and avocado." That's a misnomer. The dish was almost exclusively dry, bland faro with a sparse amount of seitan and vegetables. I was extremely disappointed. Most of my friends described their dishes as decent, though.

At around 8pm, the waiters came to our table and essentially told us to leave. Even though we got there at 6:30pm, and only got our food around 7:30pm. They said a bigger party was coming, and that we needed to leave to accommodate them. ...... Why would you book two large parties back to back? Again, a total lack of professionalism. Anyway, we asked for the caps / corks for our wine so we could take it home (..since we were barely able to drink it,) and they said they had thrown them out, but instead provided us with the tops of the bottles wrapped up with aluminum foil. We also got plastic cups to drink the wine we had in our glasses. Even though it's illegal to drink in the streets of Philadelphia. Okay, Aksum.

For payment, we divided up the check, with some of us paying with our cards, some cash. My friend and I paid with card, and wrote to charge $22 per card. Instead, Aksum charged us both $122!!!!!!!!! HOW do you mess this up? Our total group charge was only around $175... WHY would our group pay $244 PLUS cash?? The waiter who took our payment acknowledged this, but his card reader "wouldn't cancel the order, and he had to go take care of the next big party, so he'd deal with it later" so I am obsessively checking my online statement, waiting for this charge to be addressed.

Overall, I had a horrible experience here, which is a shame, because it's a unique BYO venue near University City that would attract lots of students. But the poor food and service were absolutely embarrassing.
I drove down from New York to spend the night for a conference the following day. Was looking forward to a cocktail or glass of wine with dinner, but I was dismayed to learn it was byob, ugh. Food was good, though goat cheese on salad should have been a bit more crumbly.  Splurge on a liquor license!
I couldn't do 5 stars because I prefer my lamb medium rare and it was medium well at the least. Fight me. 

I ordered the lamb chops which were good sized. I didn't even use whatever the accompanying sauces were. I also grabbed some hummus. That wasn't anything special but their pita was tasty. Even though I ordered to go, I was able to take in the ambience for a bit while I waited for my food. They are busy so there is no such thing as just walking in and being seated. MAKE RESERVATIONS. I saw quite a few people be turned away.
I was craving some non-American breakfast. After consulting yelp, we narrowed it to Cafe La Maude, which had 40 minutes waiting time, minimum. And Aksum with no wait time. There was no wait-time for a reason! 

MY friend and I decided to go with Aksum, as we wanted to have an easy brunch on a leisure Sunday, not to wait for a table. 
We called, they said reservation was NOT needed. 
We went, they said only outside seating was available, at that moment, since we got NO reservations!!!  Interesting. 

I love shakshuka, ( pronounced shack-SHOO-ka,) I believe I order it everytime I see it on the menu. I love it, that it may show up on my breakfast, lunch, brunch, or dinner plate. If it was offered. 
So, I ordered my shakshuka, Turkish scrambled eggs for my friend, and ful medames ( stewed dried beans ) to share.  I only have one thing to say:  The food was beautifully presented, but too bland to enjoy. 
Pro advice:  if you are obsessed with Mediterranean food, this is an OKish place. 

P.S:The known form of shakshuka is poached eggs over tomato sauce, and that how I had it at Aksum. Where I come from, we prepare it differently, its more of scramble eggs mixed with copped tomatoes, onions and you may add hot green papers if you like.

Three yelps.
I had brunch at Aksum and I've got "good" (okay) news and bad news.

THE GOOD/OKAY NEWS: Pricey, small portions of uneven food, ranging between passable to good.

THE BAD NEWS: Service is a lot worse than the food.

THE FOOD is not great & fails to justify the prices or the small portions.

1. Salmon crepes were okay, but way too much syrup was drizzled over the plate, so that the crepes were swimming in syrup & much too sweet.  Since it was all over the plate, I couldn't really avoid the syrup while eating the crepe.  Salmon inside was flavourful but overcooked.  Usually, salmon has a nice fatty texture but that was completely gone.

2. Sweet Corn griddlecakes were good, with a nice light texture.  Eggs were standard.  Turkey sausage was not good -- dry & overcooked.

THE SERVICE was slow & difficult.  That is, it's difficult to get the servers' attention.  My companions ordered coffee & it did not come.  After a long wait, another server came by to take the coffee order again.  When the coffee finally arrived, there was a bug in one coffee.  It was eventually replaced & service was otherwise adequate at fulfilling minimal tasks of bringing dishes, clearing dishes, & bringing the bill.  But, when they're charging these prices for so little food, I expect better service; I expect impeccably clean and hygienic preparation, and more attention when something goes wrong (e.g. bug in food/drink).  Decor-wise, the restaurant is nice-looking and comfortable.

SUMMARY: Food is about 3 stars in itself, but the failure in service brings the rating down.  I'd be wary of going back.
I enjoyed: 

The tender lamb shank, the cozy vibe, and the friendly accommodation of an increasingly large party.

I did not enjoy: 

The small portions, the $6 per bottle corkage fee (this is the only Philly BYO I have ever visited that actually charges corkage), and the long wait between the first and last entree coming out from the kitchen.

Based on food alone, Aksum lands somewhere between 3 and 4 stars, but the surprise corkage fee and the need for a post-dinner snack left a bad taste in my mouth.  3 stars it is.

UPDATE: Looks like they dropped the corkage fee.  It's cool to see a restaurant consider and respond to reviews -- definitely makes me want to give them a second chance.  Look for an update (and possible star upgrade) soon.
Came here with a group of 7 for a Sunday birthday brunch celebration and the restaurant was pretty empty. 

Where do I begin? First, with the positive. The servers were nice and accommodating. I truly believe they did their best.

Our food took EXTREMELY long to come out. That was not the bad part. Not only did it take forever -- our food came to the table a bit cold. *Big Sigh*. I ordered the  Moroccan chicken & waffles. My thoughts: All chicken and waffles are not created equal. The crispy part of the chicken fell off when you cut into it and the meat was hardly seasoned. The waffles were dry. One of the guest from the brunch asked for butter and the server stated that they ran out. The restaurant is BYOB and I'm happy we brought champagne for this hot mess!

I loved that it was a lovely summer day and Aksum had the windows opened. It felt like you were outside but really we were inside! They also have seating outside.

From other reviews, it seemed that the restaurant use to be good and has fallen off. Not sure.
Quick update to my review from 2 years ago, to reflect how Aksum is doing in these pandemic times in which we're living. When I went tonget takeout last week, indoor dining was still allowed, and Aksum was doing a bit of an indoor-outdoor hybrid by having the French doors wide open to the sidewalk. There was only one occupied table when I stopped in, and one other person waiting for food pickup. This time I decided to try a seafood dish, and the sauteed shrimp over stir-fried rice was pretty good. The spring vegetables with gnocchi that my partner got definitely wasn't though - I tasted the sauce and it was a bizarrely sweet creamy mess. It made me think of what you'd get if you combined Russian and ranch salad dressings. Of course, who gets vegetarian gnocchi from a Mediterranean restaurant that is oriented toward north African coooing??? Well, anyway, as I saw last time, this restaurant has vegetarian options, but with this kind of cuisine, it's really the seafood and meat dishes that will be thr standouts.
I've walked past Aksum countless times and always found myself thinking "I need to try this place!"

I finally came for dinner last Friday and really enjoyed myself. My boyfriend and I had a delicious dinner and can't wait to come back.

We ordered the Med East Platter as an appetizer -  which I HIGHLY recommend. It was a great sampler of lentil/mustard salad (so good), roasted garlic hummus, stuffed grape leaves, pita, and tzatziki sauce. Everything was great.

For my entree, I ordered the Aksumite Vegetable Tajine (per our server's recommendation) and my boyfriend ordered the roasted lamb shank. My entree was pretty good - if not a little underwhelming. It had great flavor and the cous cous was really tasty, but things were kind of one note. It was also very warm (both temperature and spice-level), and in the hot, humid afternoon sun, it was a bit much. My boyfriend's lamb was delicious and incredibly tender.

The BYO aspect is a huge plus, too!
Food: 5 stars
Service: 2.5 stars

My partner, Brian, brought me here for my birthday on January 5, 2013. After an afternoon ice skating at the river rink, and drinks in Old City, we arrived at Aksum a few minutes after our 8:30pm reservations and were seated immediately.

Neither of us had ever been, and while I reviewed the menu I looked here on Yelp for any tips that might help me make a dinner decision. A hungry hungry pescetarian I was, and with no prior experience ordering Middle Eastern or North African food, I did not want to take chances. The reviews here are, as you see, a hard mix of love and loathing for Aksum and helped eliminate some options. We decided upon:

Fattush Salad and Fried Calamari to share, to start
Jumbo Shrimp Pil-Pil for me
Red Snapper Alexandria for him
Paired with our bottle of Vernaccia Di San Gimignano (BYOB)

The appetizers arrived ridiculously fast. The calamari, perfectly sizzled, seasoned and sauced. The salad, a refreshing cool compliment to the squid. More! More!

Our server, a young woman whose attitude was neither here nor there, delivered the entrees minutes after our appetizers. The snapper was a sizeable filet presented beautifully, and the delicately sauced, spicy shrimp flanked the edges of a mound of sticky, creamy jasmine rice. 

It is atypical for me to clean my plate in a restaurant. There's typically too much of this or that, and not enough sauce. This dish broke my rules of "there must be sauce for me to finish it," because it was just that delicious. The texture of that rice was unlike any I've ever had. Nom nom nom.

There were several larger parties chattering at high volume during the bulk of our meal, so by the time they left we were finishing up our entrees and the change in atmosphere was a nice relief. As the crowd thinned out, I noticed a table near us starting a hookah, and another couple placing an order for theirs. Perfect! A little sweet smoke would solve the "I'm too full for dessert" dilemma.

9:45pm. Our waitress had not yet come around to offer dessert. We flagged her down, and when she did make her way over she looked less neutral than before. When we asked to order a hookah, she rolled her eyes and mumbled something about having to see if it was ok first. She went to the gentleman behind the hookah bar, who was preparing a pipe for another remaining table. I heard him retort to our server, "Yes. You HAVE to!" It wasn't til then that I realized that the waitress had lets-get-outta-here-itis. Are you serious? We were only asking for the very same thing that the two remaining tables in the restaurant had just recently ordered. We had been here as long as they had. It's not like we had just stumbled in off the street. And it's 9:45 on a Saturday.

Her hesitation, trip to the hookah bar, disagreement time and delay coming back, placing the order and then hookah preparation time added an unnecessary 15-20 minutes delay to the process. And of course, there was attitude when she asked what flavor we wanted. Pressure had been passively aggressively applied, and we no longer felt welcome.

Unfortunately, the server's attitudes and indiscretion really put a damper on what had been a nearly perfect first dining experience at Aksum. Rushing a hookah negates the point of having one. We did our best and got out to alleviate our discomfort.
Aksum Cafe, a b.y.o.b. with Mediterranean flair, opened to the public this past Wednesday. I was lucky enough to have dinner there on Friday. 

The Mediterranean theme at Aksum is demonstrated through its menu and preparation. The decor is open air: windows overlook Baltimore Avenue and are usually open. Ordering makes the most sense tapas-style. Two diners would be wise to split two small plates and one large plate. Small plates include salads, grape leaves, hummus, calamari and pita wraps. Large plates include orzo (with or without chicken), rosemary chicken or lamb chops with mashed potato in addition to several seafood dishes. 

My dinner companion and I split the house salad and the rosemary chicken. The one disappointment of the evening was the house salad, which was a bowl of lettuce and feta cheese. The dressing was quite tasty (lemon juice, olive oil, pepper and other spices) but at $7.50 it was a bit pricey. We probably should have gone with one of the more enticing salads. The rosemary chicken was stellar. This chicken was grilled well in a smoky, savory au jus with creamy mashed potatoes and grilled, sauteed asparagus. 

Service was excellent. Diners can pay with cards using an iPad which is cool and efficient. Please note that although there is a bar, it is a hookah bar and Aksum is still very much a b.y.o.b. I will have to come back and try the hookah as well as sample some of the desserts.

For a restaurant open for only three days, Aksum Cafe impresses. Grab a bottle of wine and give this place a shot!
Aksum I love you dear! I got the shrimp and grits, potatoes with pita bread and a side of eggs. These are not your quick grits they were seasoned to perfection and hefty. I have been dreaming about them since I left. The day we went it was a nice day so the windows were wide open and it was Beautiful. The food did take a while, but the wait staff was apologetic and the food was worth the wait. On street parking, cozy space, reservation recommended!!
Came here with a few friends for brunch. The ambience and menu are impressive. The server we had was a little slow  even though it was not peak time. There was a moment of confusion when we were asked to move tables but just sat there waiting for someone to move us. Nobody came for about 15 minutes so the server was delayed in taking our order. Aksum has vegan options but they are less than impressive. Do not make the mistake of ordering the chocolate vegan, gluten-free dessert. It tasted like prunes covered in sawdust. I also got a vegan mushroom dish that looked like meatloaf in appearance. It was relatively bland so I accidentally added too much hot sauce to compensate and ended up feeling sick the rest of the day.

Service is overall good and the place is beautiful. I would personally work on the flavors for vegan options.
Came here for the lil sister's graduation brunch (she got her Master's in Education from UPenn....YAY!!).  We had a bit of a rocky start because, apparently, they had no record of our reservation. The manager, unfortunately I can't remember her name, was very apologetic and attempted to get us in at another reataurant close by. When the other restaurant was unable to accommodate us, she went out of her way to seat us. Considering we had a large party, 15ppl, she did a GREAT job. We were not all at the same table, but we were close enough to each other to be able to enjoy each other's company. 
Now for the good stuff: the wait service was amazing. They were all very attentive and SUPER friendly. I followed the recommendation of my server and had the hummus appetizer, the Moroccan eggs brunch entrée, and the Oreo beignet for dessert. EVERYTHING was DELICIOUS!!!  My table mate, my big cuz, had the Monte Cristo sandwich for his entrée and the baklava for dessert. He was thoroughly impressed and satisfied. 
I only have pix of what he and I ate, but the graduate raved all the way home about her chicken and waffles. 
Suffice it to say, we had a great time and thanks to the Aksum staff who also did double duty as our personal photographers. 
I will definitely be back next time I'm in Philly visiting the lil sis. 
Thanks again!!
2/10/19 update

I gave this place another chance...unfortunately, I left deciding to never back again. 

I ordered the usual chicken and waffles - the waffles were soft as if it wasn't fully cooked.  The breading off of the chicken was falling off the chicken before I even touched it.  I asked for another waffle that was fully cooked but by the time I got new waffles, I finished my chicken, and the new waffle wasn't that much any better.  When receiving the check, the chicken and waffles wasn't discounted or taken off.

Really disappointed.  It used to be a great spot on west Philly.  

Gave this place another chance....but now I won't be coming back
I ate here last year and it was great. I recently had a very disappointing meal here so I don't know what happened, maybe there was a disturbance in the kitchen?

The service was incredibly slow despite it not being crowded. The Med plate appetizer was good but very small portions. The fatoosh salad was fine but nothing special.

The vegan butternut squash risotto was the saddest, most bland pile of $16 white rice I've ever seen. They didn't even sprinkle some parsley on top. I sent it back and got some lentil soup instead. The soup was also bad, very watery yet also so salty I couldn't eat it. 

The only thing that was good was the pita bread!
This place was hands down one of the best places that I have ever dined at!! It deserves five stars for it's eclectic décor, wonderful customer service, good music and of course good food! I'm from Southwest Philly and it's funny cause I never knew this place existed, was it a hidden jewel??

When I arrived, I was impressed by the outdoor seating and the large open windows, which allows for natural sunlight to come thru. I came with a party of three and we decided to eat outdoors. They also offered a nice bar and it was also BYOB.

Our waiter was very friendly and attentive to our dining experience. I ordered the Moroccan chicken and waffles while two of my friends ordered the salmon omelette and potatoes and my other friend ordered the shrimp and grits which also came with potatoes and pita bread.

Ok, so my chicken and waffles was oh  so good, the chicken breast was crispy, flavorful and had a sweet glaze on top. They also had cilantro on top of the chicken. I could tell that they probably soak the chicken before cooking it because it was so moist. The dish also had a spicy sauce on the side to compliment the crispy chicken. My waffles was buttery, crisp and also flavorful. My meal was the perfect balance of sweet and savory and it was served on this pretty wooden plate. My friend tried my chicken and he even said it was the best chicken he has ever tasted! Btw my other friends also enjoyed their meals. We decided to get dessert so we all shared the bread pudding and the Oreo dessert both were delicious and offered a pretty presentation. Kudos to the chef that not only cares about the quality of their food but also the presentation. This restaurant prepares their food with precision!

Overall this was a great dining experience, we all sat and talked for hours cause it was just so comfy and we listened to the jazz music in the background and Frank Sinatra. My friend loved this place she already made plans for us to come back in October for dinner and she said she was going to try their lamb entrée. I recommend all to visit Aksum.
The only thing that saved it from 2-stars was the delicious curry cauliflower soup and friendly service. Other than that, the food was mediocre at best. 

After the tasty soup I had the shrimp pil pil, which arrived looking nothing like most of the photos on here. It was served in a long boat atop a scattering of saffron rice and positively swimming in a pretty bland sauce. The server had gravely warned me that it was "very spicy" but the heat was completely undetectable. I bit into the jalapenos hoping for some kick and got nothing. The shrimp was decent quality but a bit overcooked and generally uninspired.
This was probably the worst brunch stop we've ever been to. If you're looking for a good brunch place, this is not it; don't waste your time or money. My husband and I were visiting a few friends in town and decided to give this place a shot after finding out that our initial brunch choice had a long wait. I was unimpressed from the beginning. Aksum is named after an old Ethiopian city but deems itself to be a Mediterranean restaurant... last I checked Ethiopia is in Africa not the Middle East. Moving on to the menu, it was underwhelming and confusing in that it served things like Moroccan Chicken & Waffles - that's not an authentic Moroccan dish... at all. And don't get me started about the service. It was one of the worst I've experienced. The restaurant was damn near empty but it took a little over an hour for our table to receive its food. Lastly and most importantly, the food and beverages were terrible!! Can't emphasize that enough. I have never had chicken as flavorless as the chicken I had here. Unfortunately, I had to drench it in syrup for it to be palatable. Additionally, the coffee tasted like battery acid and their water had visible particles floating around in it. Greatly disappointed by this overall culinary experience. If you ever find yourself it a position to wait it out at one location or come to Aksum, choosing to wait will be the best decision you've ever made.
I came here on a Sunday evening with a large party of friends. I used to live in this neighborhood when I was in college, but Aksum didn't exist then. It seems to be part of a more recent neighborhood transformation, and it's a great addition too.

"Mediterranean" is a pretty fitting description for the cuisine here, with entrees and appetizers from mostly the eastern part of the region, including standouts from Greece, Turkey, Lebanon, and other countries that might argue that they're the true home of some of the dishes served here (Morocco seemed to be the lone edge of the west Mediterranean country represented). 

So disclaimer - if I see tofu on a menu, I'm probably going to order it, no matter how much the reviews warn me not to, because I like to experience different preparations of tofu. And the truth is, the "tofu" part of the tofu curry I got was kind of disappointing - it seemed to have been lightly  fried in SOMETHING, but it sure wasn't curry powder. The rest of the dish though, (meaning the mushroom farro) was great. I really love shitake mushrooms, and there were lots of slivers strewn throughout the plump, soft farro grains, and the broth that was at the bottom of the dish was actually great for dipping the mostly bland tofu into. I wish it could have been seasoned a little better (why does no restaurant have salt and pepper on the tables anymore?) but for the most part the dish was pretty good, and very filling.

Everyone else in my party seemed to LOVE their entrees and appetizers though, a much higher level of enthusiasm that mine. The Aksumite Vegetable Tajin (which I really think might be the Aksum version of a tagine?) was apparently delicious, very spicy and flavorful, and the Stuffed Grape Leaves (Dolmades to us Greeks) were much enjoyed, as was the Fried Calamari, the Moroccan Braised Lamb Shank, the Lebanese Lemon Chicken & Shrimp, and the Grilled Rosemary Chicken. I don't know everything that was ordered, and I don't know the full details of the deliciousness, but everyone around the table kept exclaiming "THIS IS SO GOOD!" So I get the impression that it's hard to go wrong with most of the menu.

I also have to give a serious shout out to our server, Jamilla, who was endlessly patient with our rambunctious party of 12 (or was it 14?) Because a lot of people apparently disregarded our hostess's entreaty to bring cash (not me, I listened), she not only managed to keep our water pitchers constantly full, and to bring out all our food and drinks in a timely manner, but she was even gracious enough to split the party's bill into several individual checks (a lot of people had come as part of a couple, but still, you're talking 8-10 checks for a single party). That said, I don't recommend putting any waitstaff through that kind of hell - if you're in a big group, be sure to bring cash!
I visited Aksum for my birthday dinner with friends after it was recommended to me by a Yelper on Yelp Talk.. (very "yelpy" right? RIGHT!).  It's in a good location and BYOB what more could a girl ask for?  Oh plus, they had reservations for the date and time I needed.

Aksum is a pretty small restaurant, think cafe but with dinner.  It was intimate, like romantic intimate and dimly lit.  We were a party of four that was supposed to be a party of four and 2 members of our party were about 15 minutes late, but we weren't rushed to order and were seated right away.  Since it was cold out, there are heavy drapes around the door area so that when someone comes in you don't freeze, we were seated near the door but still felt the breeze, so just keep that in mind, you may want to sit in the back if possible. The service was great.  The waitress was attentive, suggestive but not pushy.  It wasn't terribly busy, but it was full, and we still can't complain about the service.

Food was well... different for me but GOOD!  I'm an American girl all around, chicken fingers, steak, burgers, etc.  I ventured out eating here and although I wasn't disappointed, I wasn't terribly impressed. The menu is diverse enough that even with my picky eating tendencies, I found several entrees I wanted to try.  They also have vegetarian, vegan and Gluten Free options, so it's something for everyone. I had the lamb chops which were scrumptious, but a little spicy for my taste. For an appetizer we had the hummus, which I have never tried (I know right), and it was really really really good.  I don't want to comment on the food too much because as I said, like Estelle, I'm an American foodie girl, with a side of Italian and besides a little Chinese, my palate doesn't venture out much. I will say it was good, it was fresh and it was filling.  

I would recommend Aksum to a small or large party.  You can go there for a romantic dinner or dinner with the girls.  Keep in mind parking is on the street but there are no meters.  This will probably be my go to BYOB and I can't wait to go back.
Have gone to aksum a couple of times over the last year and seems to be getting worse each time. The last few times we have been hurried out of the restaurant as early as 45 mins before their closing time. They do this by turning off the music and stacking chairs which is really unprofessional. On one of the occasions, they forgot to put an order in so we had to wait 20 mins for another entree. On top of this they still rushed us to leave before their closing making us feel really uncomfortable and not having enough time to finish our food and drinks. 

Their food has also gone downhill. I was really impressed by their food but the quality has become inconsistent with the seitan being a must avoid. 

Overall this is a great concept for a restaurant but poor service and rude treatment keep this from being a place I will frequent.
I'll try to be as brief as possible. I've been obsessed with Aksum for years, anyone that knows me, knows this place was my absolute favorite place to brunch and it's BYOB! I've been in love with their delicious Moroccan chicken and waffles and through the years, the presentation changed, but the delicious taste remained the same until now. OMG! I received 3 bland, no kind of flavor chicken tenders and doughy soggy waffles. Why didn't I send them back, you might ask, welp I was starving for one and my meal looked a lot better than my GF's runny grits and ice cold potatoes...not to mention the burnt toast she sent back. All we could say was "they must have changed chef's" I later learned it's the owner that switch! Sad, because I truly loved this place, but I guess I'll have to continue my search for a new brunch place.
Food is excellent.
Service not so much. 

I have had brunch here twice. Both times I ordered their French toast...it is seriously delicious. It comes with turkey sausage that has great flavor (not your standard turkey sausage), fresh whipped cream, strawberries, and maple syrup. Really good! 

The service on the other hand leaves a lot to be desired. Both times I had my 1 year old with me and was accompanied by a mommy friend with their tyke in tow. The servers are slow and don't seem to understand that with kids, you want the chance to get in and out. 

We were seated for a half hour before someone came and took our order, although we knew what we wanted right away. Couldn't seem to catch someone's eye. And then we didn't get checked on. They left off a side and we just had to wait. 

I'll be back but know what to expect. The slow/inattentive service is the norm here.
I can't believe I spent three years in University City without knowing about this brunch spot. I had the Monte Cristo Sandwich which came on challah bread, and it was phenomenal. My table also split the lemon poppy pancakes as an appetizer to satisfy our sweets craving.  Aksum takes brunch reservations on open table, so I was able to avoid waiting, which is a rarity when searching for Saturday/Sunday brunch spot in Philly. I can't wait to go back and try the dinner menu!
I've been to Aksum quite a few times & the menu has changed since my last review. We usually come for Brunch; most of the food is solid at least, plus there are some dishes that I especially like.

Food summary (I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars):

****^ Crispy Brussels sprouts with bacon & cheese are delicious! They're tossed in a sweet balsamic reduction so it's sweet and savory, with crispy outer leaves & tasty inner leaves. This is my fave dish at Aksum 
**** Green eggs and ham: Interesting dish with eggs cooked in fresh, fragrant basil. 
**** Lamb burger was tasty, but the potatoes were a bit mealy and dried out.
*** Beet salad was all right, nothing special
*** Med East platter included different items that were all fine, nothing special
*** Apricot creme Stuffed French toast: Solid, though not as crispy on the edges as I'd like
**^ to ****^ Spiced shrimp & grits: Grits are good. Shrimp is sometimes cooked perfectly & succulent, and overcooked at other times. Ranges from 2.5 - 4.5 stars depending on the day.
** House Potatoes often seem dried out, shriveled, mealy in texture & like they've been sitting around, rather than freshly cooked.

Dinner entrees:
***^ Rib eye was a large, thick steak. We asked for it to be cooked Rare. Part of the steak was cooked at Med Rare, which is reasonably close, but the other part was rather overcooked (Medium/Medium Well). Fingerling potatoes were good.
***^ Roasted Lamb Chops were also overcooked. We asked for Rare. One chop was MR, the other was Medium. The garlic mashed potatoes were good.
** Aksumite vegetable tagine: This dish was not very flavourful
** Moroccan Spicy Shrimp with linguine: Shrimp was overcooked. This dish was bland & uninspired, not tasty. 

Service can be uneven, though servers themselves are generally nice & friendly. Service hiccups include not bringing appetizers out until after we were almost finished eating our mains & not bringing coffee that's ordered. A couple times, staff took away our sharing plates when we were still waiting for food.

Ambience is good. It's a nice place to sit & eat brunch. At dinnertime, the restaurant is dimly lit and has a romantic comfortable feel.
Awesome byob mediterranean restaurant with crazy reasonable prices.  Brussels sprouts were crispy tender with morsels of perfectly crisped pork belly bacon morsels -so awesome we had to have 2 orders  ... Lamb shank and eggplant chickpea tajin were perfectly seasoned flavorful stewy tender deliciousness.  Kale spanakopita was  a great variation of the usual spinach version.  Fattoush salad was not the best I've had -- sadly not garlicky enough.  But overall we loved our meal here and will return!!!!
This place is amazing!!! The almond-crusted french toast = OMG. It was not too buttery or too sweet (I normally don't like french toast much because it always tastes so buttery inside and the texture was just too soft for me). But THIS french toast, wow... The whipped cream was really thick and fresh. My sister thinks this was the best french toast she's ever had, even better than Sabrina's! 

The shrimps and grits dish was great too. I really liked the shrimp, and the grits was pretty good. The brussels sprouts were pretty good too but a bit sweeter than I would've liked (what with figs and candied walnuts). It was a tapas dish but was quite big, basically like an entree. 

This was a great, very filling brunch. We were already full after the french toast and the shrimps and grits. We probably shouldn't have gotten the brussels sprouts, but everything was delicious here. There weren't many people (I don't think it's as well-known as other brunch places, and it isn't near bakeries/cafes, like brunch places in Center City, so it was a bit too isolated for people, but I like how it's not crowded here. Kind of like a hidden gem). The house interior was really nice, clean, and spacious but also cozy. Good for romantic dates too.
I came in with my fiance very excited to get brunch from a place I've never tried before. We were sat immediately at a table that was so wobbly that just touching it sent the water in our glasses everywhere. We put our order in, and then the wait began. It was an hour until anyone came to our table again. And when the waitress did finally find the time to come to our table, she asked if we were waiting for our check. Our check? For the food we still don't have?!?!? It was at that point that we walked out. What a waste of an Uber.
I was really excited to book this restaurant for a girl's dinner (table of 4). I had made a reservation for 4 people at 7:30. We showed up and they didn't have a table available so they offered to set up s table outside. Fine. We didn't really have an option. We were then disappointed to find out we were forced to order from a set menu, which we were not informed about upon making the reservation. The service was extremely slow, we had to ask for water after finishing a glass of wine. We all ordered off the set menu, waited 40 minutes for appetizers only to be told that they were out of our first choice of the appetizer option. We agreed to the substitute (again bc there was no other option). Our entrees eventually came out at 9:15. Our table of 4 agreed that the French fries were the best entree. The lamb was horrible, the pasta good, but just bc it was pasta. At 9:40, our desserts were brought out but we were informed at all of the desserts except one were sold out so we were forced into one dessert. Despite all of this, we still had to pay full price for the set menu despite not being able to receive what we ordered. 

On the bright side, our server was very nice. I honestly believe that the 2.5 hour service, lack of food, and poor quality was not her fault. This review is getting 2 stars because she was nice and the hummus was good.
My boyfriend and I had a very average and somewhat disappointing brunch at Aksum last weekend. We ordered orange juice and jasmine tea for drinks. The juice came with ice, which I thought was a little weird, and our waitress forgot about the tea (thankfully we weren't charged for it).

We had the grilled calamari topped with marinara sauce and peppers for an appetizer, which was pretty good. The best part of the meal was my shrimp and avocado omelette topped with feta cheese. It was a unique and tasty combination of flavors, but the fried potatoes it came with were unimpressive. Their flavor was very light, and after the first bite, it was gone, so chewing the rest of the potato was like a chore. My boyfriend had a chicken omelette and was also disappointed in how average it was.

The place is well decorated with booths and throw pillows and huge windows, which made the restaurant bright and cozy. However, it did get pretty loud with only about half of the tables filled.

Aksum looks and sounds good in theory, but our experience just came up short. It wasn't that bad, but it wasn't that great either. Not really sure I will be returning.
I have been to Aksum with my family before and found it to be okay. Not sure if it was an off night but our particular experience this past Monday was less than ideal. Though the server was pleasant, it appeared that the restaurant was out of a number of items on a menu - not sure how a Mediterranean restaurant can be out of lamb, couscous and lemons :/ In addition, most of our meals were over salted and there was a lack of flavour balance. Lastly, the honey salmon and bread pudding (previous favourites of my sister, whose graduation we were celebrating) had been removed from the menu. Not sure if the planning, chef or intention of the restaurant has changed, but it will be awhile before I give this another go.
There are so many great restaurants in West Philly that it can be difficult to choose, but this place definitely deserves a visit!

We started with a sampler that included:

- hummus w/warm pita
- stuffed grape leaves
- lentils

I definitely recommend it, but the hummus was the highlight.  My entree was the shrimp served with rice, it was friggen fantastic.  My girlfriend had the salmon, and I would say it was a toss up.

Dessert was not as yummy as I had hoped--Oreo beignets sound great, but were a bit dry and a bit of a let down.

The waitress was very nice, and overall we felt that the meal was a good value.
These folks could take tip from Vientienne when it comes to being more veg-friendly. Here's how:

The number of veg dishes is super limited, so those of us who don't eat meat or dairy aren't likely to come back. What Aksum could do is offer veg versions of all the stuff that's normally meat or dairy based--like having the option of "with beans" or "with chicken". This is important in West Philly where there are a large number of vegetarians and vegans who are very excited about supporting more veg-friendly businesses.
You should definitely give this place a try ! I came here for brunch with a party of 8 ladies and ordered the Almond Crusted French toast, turkey sausage and a green tea. I was definitely of fan of how the green tea was loose leaf. 

My only gripe is that the turkey sausage was a bit salty for my taste and the syrup for the French toast was too sweet. Otherwise the service and prices were decent and the food was very tasty and presented well. 

Our server recommended the chicken and waffles and 2 of the ladies opted for that as their meals and they thoroughly enjoyed it. I would definitely try that next time. 

I'll be back.
We ate at Aksum 5 or 6 times since opening and enjoyed it but it wasn't anything I found myself too excited about. Then over the December holidays I took my visiting parents there and we had a meal we talked about for weeks afterwards; it was absolutely perfect. 

We started with the humus/pita plate and strawberry/avocado salad.  Both were amazing. Even my 20 month old son kept saying "mo, mo" (more). My main dish was a salmon special that blew my mind; total out of body experience; I ate it all and didn't want to share with any of my loved ones I was dining with.   

After leaving I read Aksum recently hired a new chef. So that explained the change there. We ate there again last night and left feeling the meal was worth every penny.  We had the honey salmon, red snapper, special beet salad, and humus/pita plate. I love that I can go there and not bring food for my toddler, he eats everything there, even the beet salad which was divine. 

Think of this as a brand new place since their new chef started.  Try again if you went there before and were not pleased. You won't be sorry.    I'm am the worst food snob and don't enjoy eating out because I'm so picky. This place rocks and is raising the bar in west Philly.  Long live Aksum.
Aksum's moroccan chicken and waffles is the dish to get when you're here. The fried chicken was tender and juicy and the waffles were delicious. This place is a little overpriced and expect to spend around $15 for a dish. 

The place is fairly small and cramped and it usually fills up quickly. I went on a Sunday for brunch with one other person and had to wait 10 minutes for a table. The servers are generally nice and friendly, but it is slow and disorganized. It took some time for my table to get our silverware and water. I also saw some customers who were waiting for a table leave because they were being unattended to. I enjoyed my lunch but the service could be improved.
My partner and I were greatly excited to try the food  here. I found it unprofessional and pretentious that this restaurant turned us away because there was a large group of people but half the tables were empty. They said we would have to wait until the large group was finished eating to be seated. It was obvious with this explanation that the group had not bought out the restaurant for night and this was therefore an unacceptable way to treat a customer.
One star is too high.
Bad food.
Poor service.
Terrible management.
One of the worst dining experiences I have ever had.
May never again cross the bridge from South Jersey to Philly to eat again.
Save your money, do not patronize this joint.
I will not!
HF
Give me your tired, your poor/ Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.....

That's kind of what I felt like as the 3 of us entered Aksum after a long day of home improvement projects that left us hungry, achy and dehydrated. 

We tried to stop into a few other restaurants in this area, but they were all missing something. 

Aksum on the other hand with comfortable chairs, ceiling fans going, open windows and immediate greeting by the hostess was just what the doctor ordered. I ordered the lamb shank- so tender it fell off the bone. I also had the mussels (one of the most delicious mussel broths EVER! ) and the grape leaves. We each also ordered the sangria iced tea that the waitress continuously refilled- after a day in the sun, I totally needed this. 

To finish off, we even ordered a desert, which I'd argue is definitely built for sharing. Fried Oreos with ice cream and strawberries on the side. I think I saw some eyes roll back at the table- No seriously. 

Yum!
This is my second time dining at Aksum. This time It was my grams 69th birthday and she wanted fried shrimp. Though fried shrimp are not on the menu, the Chef was kind enough to accommodate her by making some adjustments to one of the dishes. She in turn was quite happy with her meal and overall experience. Thank you. 

Both food and service here are great. Meals area cooked to order, no left over messed over mess. Plus it's a BYO which adds to the awesomeness of this establishment. I'll be back again, soon.
i've been a longtime fan of aksum, although the food + service was not always consistent. recently i noticed a sign advertising breakfast hours, so my partner and i decided to check it out today. 

we were greeted by the friendly assistant manager who seated and served us. we were informed they are under new ownership and have a new chef. the menu looks almost exactly like the old one, including the beloved chicken and waffles. my partner ordered the shrimp and grits and i tried out a new offering of crab cake benedict. both meals came out promptly and were so delicious! i love eggs benny and have had many iterations- this was one of the best. the muffin was crispy on the outside and fluffy inside, eggs perfectly poached, and the crabcake was obviously made fresh in house. my partner loved the shrimp and grits as well. 

so relieved that i can still get my old favorite dishes and now a new one. we will definitely be visiting again soon.
The entree was terrible! The Rosemary Chicken was covered in thick, greasy skin and cut very poorly, making it extremely difficult to get the meat off the bone. The garlic mashed potatoes were overpowering with garlic (I had to swish water and wine around my mouth several times to get rid of the dominating garlic). 
The ambiance and the BYOB aspect are the only reason it gets 2 stars. If they get a new chef, I may re-visit and re-rate them.
Would definitely return. 4 adults and a 1-year-old for Saturday brunch. Our table was waiting - reservation at 11 a.m. Nice touch: they brought our toddler a small bowl of cut up fruit.

Misstep: blueberry pancakes. Odd texture.

But I tried my gf's breakfast potatoes and they were incredible. Would definitely do eggs and potatoes next time. We shared a spanakopita which was very good with kale and apricots. One friend had her own spanakopita with fattush and a side of scrambled eggs -- hefty portions. One had shakshuka and subbed avocado for the turkey sausage. My gf had the baked eggs with chicken and coriander.

From other reviews, I was afraid that the service would be very slow, but we didn't have any problems at all.
Came here for dinner with a group of eight for a BYO dinner on Saturday night. When we made the reservation in advance, they asked that each person order a minimum of one entree, and there was of course the automatic 20% gratuity because of our party size.

I'd say that the food was above average, but not every dish was necessarily rave-worthy.

Things that stood out:

1. Tahdig. These are fried balls of risotto (so, similar to arancini), served with a spicy arrabbiata sauce and parmesan shavings. These were honestly probably the highlight of the meal. My friend said that he honestly could have ordered three of the tahdig and have been happy, and I agree. I prefer the arancini at Barbuzzo, but the tahdig here were excellent as well, and I loved the spicy arrabbiata.

2. Jumbo shrimp pil-pil. I'll be honest, I am not a fan of shrimp. At all. But having tried a bite of my friend's, this was pretty amazing. The shrimp were moderately spicy and flavorful.

3. Moroccan braised lamb shank. I'm not sure what the sauce was, but it complemented the lamb well. The lamb itself was amazingly tender and fell off the bone. It was extremely well-done; my only complaint would probably be that it was somewhat of a one-note dish in terms of flavor. 

I loved the ambiance of the restaurant; the space is gorgeous! In terms of service, for some reason it took us a good fifteen minutes to be given menus, which was odd--I had to actually catch the attention of one of the waitresses and ask for them. To be fair, though, there seemed to be only one or two waitresses managing the entire peak dinnertime.  

Overall, the food was great. I've already made plans to try the brunch menu, and if I return for dinner, I'll be trying the mussels!

Tip: there's a 10% discount with ID for students and teachers on Monday!
Have you ever tried to take a picture of a sunset with your phone? The picture never looks as good as what you saw with your eyes. That's what it's like trying to describe their brunch in words. Their food tastes like happiness. 

The Moroccan Chicken and Waffles!!!  The chicken looked dry when it came out. I was kinda glad that my friend got it instead of me. Then she let me taste it. I didn't know that human beings could make things that taste like this. Not only was the chicken moist, it tasted like nothing I've ever had before. 

I looked down at my little Monte Cristo sandwich with regret. Then I tasted the potatoes that came with it. I've never had potatoes that made me blaspheme against french fries. They tasted like garlic and herbs or something. My palate isn't developed enough to make out what it was. Hell, it could've just been salt mined in heaven. All I know is that they were delicious. I made my way over to the sandwich...

I just sat and shook my head as I ate. The entire sandwich was good enough to make me take a knee in my mind and just thank every god I'd ever heard of for making the food possible. I would've eaten the plate if I didn't know any better.  

The food is good, and I'm sad because I live 150 miles away from it. 
Oh, and my kid had a pancake that tasted like a funnel cake! I didn't even know that was a thing.
BYOB! And accommodating.

Atmosphere: 9/10
West Philly gem, w/ a space that opens up to the neighborhood on the warmer days. 
-------------------------
Taste: 9/10
Tried the Chicken-n-Waffles (get the sriracha for the chicken) but the Almond Crusted French Toast one of the best fresh toast dishes I've ever had - and I use that as a gauge on a brunch venue... it held up very well. 
-------------------------
Quality: 10/10
They used challah bread for my french toast... nuff said. (Although they did use turkey sausage for their protein... beat it. Gimme that swine.) 
-------------------------
Service: 10/10
They took our party of 10 ppl at 2PM (which turned into 230PM) and their kitchen closed at 3PM. Normally I wouldn't order food within an hour of closing, but we had no alternative. They didn't rush us or half ass the food. Very impressed. 
-------------------------
Value : 11/10
For the quality of food, it was a great deal. 10 ppl at a complete brunch w/ an extra dish and gratuity for $134... that's insane.
-------------------------
Comparative: 10/10
1 of 1. A Mediterranean brunch w/ shrimp n grits on the menu...
-------------------------
Overall Personal Opinion: 9/10
Pleasantly surprised. Glad to know it's in that neighborhood.
-------------------------
Grade: 9.71 (A)
The food is always excellent here.  It's a very small restaurant so the atmosphere is pretty intimate.  The brunch menu is amazing! I think I've had almost everything on it and I would order everything again.  So delicious. It does get quite crowded for brunch so I would make a reservation if that's even possible.  The chicken and waffles are so delicious! I also loved the Moroccan eggs.

I've been for dinner a couple of times as well and the food has always come out amazing.  My favorite things were the brussels sprouts, and the mussels. I've been here many times and am always excited to go back- I've already decided what I'm getting next time I go for brunch. 

The service has always been good as well.
If i could give 0 stars I would Horrible Horrible. How do you have people wait an hour and then ask them do they want to cancel their order because the kitchen is backed up don't waist your time don't waist time.
This was not a good experience.

Couldn't hear the people in my party as the music was blasting my party of 6.

Food took an hour to come out and did not come out all together so members of my party were waiting for others to get their food.

Never brought out a side dish that we orderered.

Food was okay, but was overpriced.

When we received our bill, they were unable to split it, had to charge each member individually. Never disclosed an 18% gratuity charge so we double-tipped. 

Went in to discuss, was told we'd be refunded once a manager came in. Still have not received a call or text back.

Never coming back here again.
Honestly, the food here was pretty bad. I had the calamari, and it was more breading than seafood, and had pretty much no flavor- I think there was absolutely no salt. After that, it took forever until our main course came out even though there really weren't many other tables. I had the salmon and spicy mashed potatoes- the menu never said the mashed potatoes would be sweet potatoes, and the seasoning was really weird. The maple on the salmon was wayyyyy too sweet.
Still a solid place for brunch in West. It's quiet, friendly, byo and serves a nice variety for brunch. I got the chicken and waffles and the chicken was juicy and tender and the waffles were fluffy and buttery. I like the ease of this place. It has a very nice vibe. However, just a personal opinion, but the atmosphere would be on a sweeter level if there were nice music playing (one night, long ago, when dining here, I remember such a lovely jazz play list that floated through the dining room)  that filled the restaurant with sweet sounds instead of the large, looming TV that was playing sports. This seems like an odd choice to me as a place that has such somewhat elevated choices on their menu shouldn't be giving out "sports bar vibes". However, if you are ok with that,  it's still a nice place for a tasty brunch.
Oh gosh! After reviewing menu for black restaurant week I saw they had bread pudding, my pregnancy craving for like a month and can't find it ANYWHERE (except Famous Dave's). Went ahead to place order. Didn't realize all the detours and road closures in route (coming from Roxborough) which lead my 25 min trip to take almost 45-55mins! As I approach there was parking in Baltimore Ave (great when you are overdue in your pregnancy and can't walk far) cute exterior and interior. Greeted by waitresses and then someone goes to explain that I order a really long time ago and the ic cream melted...ok no problem there was traffic and detours I'll still take it (even tho the ice cream should've been placed in a separate container to begin with). Go back to my commute back home (35 mins) and get ready to dig in (first "meal" of the day at 2:30pm) bring my fork to a rather dark piece of bread pudding and it's HARD AS A ROCK!!! Wtf!!! I just spent $17 on two orders of BURNT & HARD bread pudding floating in melted ice cream!! Me and the baby are clearly disappointed and If I decide to return in the future I DEFINITELY WONT get bread pudding!! Like how the hell can you serve burnt food? Never again!
It was a really cute place. The atmosphere was very nice and chill. Really romantic for date night. The spicy shrimp pasta was incredible. I hate when restaurants give an enormous amount of pasta. The pasta was just enough with lots of shrimp and these amazing sun dried tomatoes. Staff wore masks so that was great to see. The staff was also extremely friendly.
I was recommended this place today and the recommendation was that it was a good place & the chicken and waffles wouldn't disappoint. Today's experience was all of the opposite. 
I reserved table for 3. It was not packed at all so we were seated as soon as we arrived. When we were sat, the waiter said they'd be back with water, etc. It took 10 minutes to receive water. Then, we asked for menus and he went in to do other things so I had to get up and ask for menus. Finally got menus and silverware. We sat with our water another 10+ minutes and no one asked our order. The table that was already seated before we got there hadn't even gotten their orders taken. So they eventually had to ask to have their order taken. Another person came out to take their orders and then to us and apologized that the man had not come back. While she was taking our order, he came out and she let him finish getting our order. He was very polite so we tried to excuse the wait. 

Our order: coffee, 2 orders chicken & waffle, 1 Mediterranean eggs (spicy ground beef, 3 eggs& potatoes). 

Coffee took 15 min to come that we forgot it was even ordered. Then, We just let time pass & pass & pass. Kept being told food was coming. Noticed that a party that came way after us was inside eating. Then finally our food came. First time, brought someone else's food to the table. 

The chicken & waffles: ‍.  The waffles were COLD and tough upon arrival. The chicken was unseasoned period. Not just a little, there was no salt or pepper even added. The breading just fell off when you cut it and it had no added seasoning either. We had already waited about 40 min for it so we just asked for hot sauce & syrup. You'd think they'd bring it right out, nope. Had to go in and say hey can you bring the syrup and hot sauce. Sad to say that the syrup and hot sauce couldn't cover the unseasoned chicken. So I literally left 2 out of 3 pieces of chicken and 2 waffles out of 4 uneaten. And for $15 I was pissed. No need to ask to make something else Bc you just cannot mess up chicken and waffles like that. 

The Mediterranean eggs & spicy ground beef: so since my food was the worst, my friend allowed me to eat what she didn't. This was good for the most part and I wished I'd just gotten it. Ground beef was actually seasoned. The sad part came with the potatoes as they weren't fully cooked. They were hard in the middle which is why they sat uneaten. 

Service here today was horrible and the food was not good. I watched the two tables outside have to go in asking for things constantly that weren't being brought out. Then they must've run out of everything because one of the workers had to keep running to the store for things. 

So sad because I left hungry and could've spent money elsewhere. You can't have poor service and bland food. Especially a Mediterranean spot; flavor is key!
Interesting Mediterranean twists on classic brunch favorites. However the slowest service I've ever had of any brunch place and it wasn't even as busy as other places such as Sabrina's and Green Eggs. My food came out cold and my friends dish was half cold after around 35 minutes of waiting--not the best impression. The food itself was pretty decent but my choice of Moroccan eggs didn't amaze me. The chicken and waffles looked a lot more appetizing though! Because of the huge variety of eclectic dishes I'll probably be back to try something else before I decide not to make the trek out again.
One of the worst meals I've ever had in Philly. After messing up our reservation and waiting for over an hour, the manager was rude and provided simply awful service. The food was burnt, tasteless, and just plain bad.
TERRIBLE. Food looked nothing like review or social media pictures. Whilst the lamb and chicken tasted nice the meals my fiance and I ordered arrived cold. So did the desserts that should have been warm. Desserts looked old. The starter soup surely came put a ring and was also cold!!! This place has seen better days. The waitress was pleasant enough but aa for the kitchen.....it was open so one can see the chefs at work. They were all too busy on their cellphones to care less about the food they were making. Head chef wasn't even in the kitchen and sat at the bar on his phone throughout the time we were there. This was on a Saturday night at 8pm! We were sat at a table  in the corner as were told that the place was fully booked. But the time we left, which was two hours later (we waited a long time for food despite being one of three tables), only three tables had been there. Cold food is a health hazard. This place needs Gordon Ramsey big time. I have traveled to many countries and eaten in many restaurants. This was bad!!!!
First time visiting Philly and my GF picked this spot out in advance, as one of the places we'd go to for dinner. We were NOT disappointed! 

Let me first start off by saying the employee who worked there did an amazing job. She was the hostess and server and answered the phone whenever it rang. All while maintaining about 7 tables at once. Very polite. Soft spoke. And patient. Kudos to her. 

We started off with the spiced crab bisque. This soup was amazing, but emphasis on the "spiced" because it damn sure is a kicker!! Our nose were burning and so were our mouths. But not enough for us to stop eating it. 

For the main course, I had the Lebanese chicken and shrimp with artichoke. And my GF had the lamb chops. Both were served with asparagus and killer mashed potatoes .  Both dishes were served hot and fresh and well seasoned. Of course she couldn't keep her fork out of my dish  happens every time we eat . The lamb chops were tender and cooked to perfection. 

This would definitely be a places we'd dine at again. 
Oh, and it's BYOB. Which is even better!
I came on a week night around 5:45 pm with a celebratory dinner with a friend, it wasn't until later that a large party came so we kind of had the whole restaurant to ourselves! After we ordered, they served us with these chip strip things (I'm terrible at describing) that were in champaign flutes. While it came with some olive oil and herb dipping, I wasn't impressed with that and preferred dipping this in hummus.

Here's what the two of us shared:
* Med East Platter ($11): Roasted garlic hummus, lentil mustard salad, stuffed grape leaves and tzatziki. I loved every single thing on this platter, but the hummus was so good and I dipped the pita and the chip strip things I mentioned before in this. Pretty much cleaned every bit off the plate!
* Moroccan Braised Lamb Shank ($19) with Basmati rice and garlic sautéed green beans: The meat fell off the bone really easily and was so rich in flavor, but I'm a little weak when it comes to spicy food so I found myself sweating a lot haha...but it was a good kind of kick!
* Fig Crème Brulee ($8) with fresh strawberries and blueberries: Honestly we were not even hungry but it was a special occasion so we indulged, and I'm so glad we did! It was a generous portion of creme brulee and I loved cracking the top layer, the fig and fruits were such a nice touch to it too.

We were seated near the open window and while it looked nice, the flies on the hot day bugged the crap out of me. I was also contemplating changing tables because the table was wobbly and they were using wine corks to try to offset it, but it still bothered me. I can overlook that because the food was great. I also hear wonderful things about the brunch menu so I'm coming back on a weekend to experience that!
The rating is mainly a reflection of the service. I've gone to this restaurant for both brunch and inner now. The atmosphere and food is definitely more enjoyable as a smaller party when there aren't any large parties around. The BYOB aspect gives the restaurant a bit of a boost in favorability. 

Dinner. Mussels are pretty good and give you just the fix you need. Grilled chicken was pretty decently seasoned and not too dry. 

Brunch. Almond French toast is pretty much the way to go. The other dishes are okay but not superb. I had the Moroccan eggs and the ground meat and potatoes were savory enough. The eggs needed some work like seasoning or a sauce since it's hard to mix them with the rest of the food on the plate. My friend ordered the baked eggs, which looked almost exactly like my dish but served with chicken instead of ground beef. It took 30-45 minutes longer for her dish to come out than for mine. Granted, we had a very large party of people, but it didn't look like a complicated or time-consuming dish.

Please do not go to this restaurant if you have a party larger than 4. There's just not enough space in the restaurant and I don't know why the employees give the impression that there is. You would honestly need to book the entire restaurant to comfortably fit a group of 20 or more. Literally, the hostess seated smaller groups next to us BLOCKING any reasonable path to the bathroom or exit. In order to even move, I had to disrupt another woman's meal in order to get around. Normally, I do my best to squeeze through any narrow path but this was impossible. As the woman complained, it was truly a fire hazard.
Aksum gets the award for favorite brunch places ever. Their food has Mediterranean influences and pairs perfectly with brunch!Extra points for BYOB and friendly wait staff. 

THE FOOD: Can't get enough of it in the best way possible. For those that have dietary preferences, there is an option for everyone! Many vegetarian dishes are available and the more heartier dishes do not leave you feeling like you're in a food coma afterwards. My recommendations are the Chicken and waffles, Brussel sprouts with fig jam and cheese, and Green eggs and Ham (not pictured). All of them were delicious and I would order again. Best Brussel sprouts I've ever had at a restaurant. Perfectly crispy and paired with fog jam, cheese and nuts. So good.   

THE ATMOSPHERE: Very diverse crowd which is a plus! Brightly colored walls against dark leather chairs and tables looks beautiful. The big open windows make the space feel light and airy in the summertime. A plus is that you can make a reservation for brunch and skip the line. BYOB is also great, so make sure you plan ahead for that. The chairs are large and comfortable which make it accessible for people with back problems or pain while sitting.
If you live in the West Philly/general University City area, this place is definitely one you want to try out, especially for brunch. It's a bit of a walk from the University of Pennsylvania/Drexel area, but very worth it. I came on a sunny weekend along with a friend and I was really pleased with the overall atmosphere and furnishings of the Mediterranean-style café. The restaurant was quite filled but we were seated promptly and the service was excellent. The waitress who served us was more than willing to answer any questions we had regarding the exotic and appetizing menu.

And let me tell you about that menu. Just reading Aksum's collection of choices makes your mouth water. My friend and I settled on the mission fig crepes and the chai-spiced pumpkin pancakes. The crepes had caramelized figs which were super sweet and delicious, along with red onion and cinnamon cream cheese, an odd combination but extremely delightful to the taste buds. The berries and balsamic fig glaze that covered the dish were a great touch and we really enjoyed it. 

The chai-spiced pumpkin pancakes were on another level of amazing. Those pancakes were rich, thick, and very fluffy, and the spice gave it an awesome kick you don't usually expect in a pancake breakfast. The pancakes are served along with a few pieces of turkey sausage, which is a nice savory contrast to the sweetness of the meal. 

I was extremely happy with the service! It's a BYOB, which is also a plus. My only reason for the four-star review would probably be one of the times I came to Aksum for dinner.  Along with the wait for our food, service was a bit slow and I wasn't extremely impressed with the honey glazed salmon that I ordered. I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt though, as the presentation of the food is great. I probably need to try other items on the menu before I become a huge judge of the dinner. The other members of my party seemed to approve of the food as well, but I definitely preferred brunch!

Overall, Aksum is a great place to go if you're looking for an exotic-style, Mediterranean, unique brunch experience with a ton of appetizing choices on the menu. Usually pretty crowded, but worth the wait if you're in need of a great meal.

Brunch that ish up.
Sad. Terrible service on Father's Day. 10:30 am reservation, ordered at about 10:40. Food finally came after about 40-45 minutes. Food came out piecemeal. Parents both ordered lemon blueberry pancakes that came with turkey sausage on the menu. Both orders were brought to the table without the turkey sausage. Some sausage came about 15 min later and the other came with the check  my brother's cheese grits were hard and chunky with some cheese sprinkled on top. The waffles with the chicken and waffles were cold when they were arrived. Can't really say anything was good here. It is byob, though, so definitely bring some alcohol to pass the time. Owner definitely needs to deploy more staff to accommodate the customers. Oh I didn't mention all the flies flying around. :-/
I ate brunch here with a group of eight lovely ladies today. It was so wonderful! The dining area decor and furniture is classic with a bohemian twist and includes cute throw pillows as accents. I didn't want to leave because it was so cozy. 

Everything on the menu looked yummy. I may have changed my mind five times while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive. I ended up with the salmon and spinach omlette which came with twice fried potatoes. It was scrumptious. I highly recommend it. The only downside is that when I go back I may not try anything else because it was so damn good. Someone else in our party had pumpkin pancakes that almost made me want to slap someone from just looking at them. No-- I didn't taste them, but I kind of did with my eyes. 

Finally, we ended everything with complimentary mimosa's. Ho-ney (honey), that sealed the deal. I'm even going to give the food and atmosphere of Aksum credit for stimulating great conversation throughout the entire brunch. If it sucked we would have probably spent the entire time being miserable and talking about that. 

Excellent job Aksum. I will be back.
Aksum is a great gem tucked away in West Philadelphia. Boasting an impressive Mediterranean brunch menu, they also add a Moroccan twist on classics such as chicken & waffles.

My friends and I came here on a Saturday without a reservation, and we were still seated right away. The service was fast and friendly. We started off with iman baildi, a Turkish eggplant appetizer that was served hot with a side of pita. Then came the entrees: I ordered the Moroccan eggs, and I could not have been more pleased. 3 sunny-side up eggs on a bed of spicy beef, served with a side of potatoes. I described it to my dining companions as "taco seasoning but better." It was incredibly flavorful and a little spicy, without being overwhelming. Would definitely recommend!
So sad what has happened the love in the food is gone. The only redeeming factor of my dinner was the crab bisque, other then that my meal was below mediocre. The mashed Potatoes tasted like boxed mashed Potatoes ( not saying they are...but they certainly are not the quality they once were). The lentil soup just had to get returned, It tasted like someone dropped a bucket of water and beans into a pot.   and that's it...no flavor what so ever. My girlfriend ordered the  lamb chop and it was mainly bone..barely any meat at all, and yes we know lamb chop doesn't have much meat to begin with...but this was just sad The veggie sides...eh... I can make better. I honestly wish I just stayed in and cooked for myself...or ordered a pizza.
The menu has changed, the new food is bland, and the portion sizes are stingy. I ordered a $5 side of asparagus was given exactly 6 overcooked spears. The service was good.
I do not know where to begin with this place. Firstly, I know middle Eastern and Mediterranean food very well. Secondly my wife is 100% Oromo and I know the amazing diverseness of Ethiopian cuisine and it's delicious regional varieties.  This restaurant is an absolute fake and ridiculous excuse for anything authentic. "Aksum" and the "Mediterranean" have absolutely no cultural, geographical, or historical commonality. The menu options are bogus. There is no such thing as "Moroccan Chicken and Waffles", this is an insult to both maghrebi cuisine & culture and to southern comfort food. Neither the chicken nor waffles had any flavor. Fail. The service was incredibly poor. Fail. The staff were kind, however, poor service is a reflection of poor management. There were other very concerning things about this restaurant I will not mention other than to blatantly warn people to save your money and choose a better option in Philadelphia. This place is a pitiful excuse for a restaurant and an absolute insult to the pseudo items listed on the menu. Aksum = Wack,son!
My sister and I went here for BYOB brunch on a very chilly Sunday in January.  The ambiance was small, cozy (though bordering on cramped), and casual.  Definitely a difficult space in which to control the cold drafts during the winter.  The service was friendly and prompt.  Brunch menu has the same appetizers and tapas dishes as their normal menu, with a good variety of classical brunch entrees with a Mediterranean twist (like french toast and omelette), as well as a few specifically Mediterranean dishes like shakshuka.

Our appetizers were the spicy crab bisque and the crispy Brussels sprouts.  Our entrees were the Moroccan eggs and the Moroccan chicken and waffles.

The spicy crab bisque was surprisingly yellow (probably from cumin) and had a nice flavor and just the right amount of spice.  Served with a few fresh warm pita triangles.  4/5

The crispy Brussels sprouts were our favorite part of the meal!  Generous portion, perfectly crisped sprouts with a delicious, complex combination of fig jam, fresh bacon bits, goat cheese, and candied walnuts.  Great combination of savory and sweet.  5/5, will definitely come back just for this dish!

The Moroccan eggs were the least impressive dish of the meal.  Three eggs cooked over easy sprinkled with some spice, served with some slightly dry/crumbly spiced ground beef, and fairly run-of-the-mill potatoes.  Compared to the other dishes, was definitely a not a stand-out.  2.5/5

Lastly, we enjoyed the Moroccan chicken and waffles.  These were very attractively presented on a wooden slab, and included one full Belgian waffle broken up into its four squares, served with 3 pieces of very crispy boneless chicken with a sweet/savory/slightly spicy glaze.  Served with maple syrup and some chili sauce on the side.  The chicken was perfectly cooked and the glaze was delicious.  Definitely recommend this entree (which the waitress said was their most popular).  4.5/5

Overall an enjoyable meal and we will definitely come back to try more of the dishes.
Step aside, Sabrina's and Green Eggs, I think I've found my new favorite brunch spot. My sister and I came here on Saturday around noon and got a table next to the bar. The place was packed with families, couples and graduating seniors celebrating their last weekend together as undergrads so it was very lively (but not overly loud)!

We shared the almond-crusted French toast and the shrimp and grits. When it comes to brunch, I prefer savory over sweet 99% of the time, but I will gladly make an exception for this French toast. The almonds added a nice crunch to the fluffy Challah bread, and the chantilly cream and fruit complimented it nicely since it wasn't too sweet! The dish also comes with a side of turkey sausage -- def appreciate something salty and meaty to balance out that sweetness!

I stopped by for brunch again recently with a larger group at 10:30am. I definitely recommend making a reservation for larger groups, since the restaurant filled up pretty quickly after we arrived. This time, I split the Moroccan chicken and waffles and sweet corn griddle cakes with one of my friends. The chicken and waffles were deeeelicious -- not quite sure what was "Moroccan" about it and the chicken was ever so slightly dry, but the breading was so crunchy and yummy, and the waffles were perfectly fluffy on the inside and crispy on the outside. The sweet corn griddle cakes were good but I wasn't blown away. Probably wouldn't order it again (although I did like that it came with eggs and turkey sausage so you get sweet and savory in one dish -- cue Hannah Montana's "Best of Both Worlds").

Service was very friendly both times. Overall, a really good deal for brunch! I will be back, and often.
This place used to have the best chicken and waffles in west Philly...but after my fourth visit, the fried chicken was smaller, and the chicken wasn't as crispy.  My friend and I were both very disappointed with their chicken and waffles.  This used to be the highlight of their menu.

Also got the crusted almond French toast.  The bread was soggy and mushy.  They don't give as many berries as before.  Forgot to mention that the sausage was really difficult to cut because the bottom part of the sausage was over cooked, so she couldn't even eat the sausage.  Wife was disappointed in her meal.

At the end of the meal, we found out they have a new chef.....we were all disappointed.  This used to one of our favorite spot on west Philly.

Would I come back again?  Only if the previous chef comes back.  Cedar Park Cafe is now my fav chicken and waffles place in west philly.
This place seemed promising but honestly, it was just not it. We should've known when the place was empty on a Friday night. When we got there, we were a bit lost and didn't know who the server was. The server was sitting down on his phone and he barely knew any questions we asked him about the menu. Red flag. We got seated outside and the atmosphere was nice. I got a complementary glass of wine, someone came out with some candles for us and it felt a bit better. We didn't want to judge the place before we got our food. 

Well low and behold our food came out. I got 6 Aksum wings, and samosas - 2 simple things no one should ever mess up, right? Well I was wrong. The wings tasted very odd - did not know what taste they were trying to go for. The samosas were big, greasy and doughy. My boyfriend got the Lemon Caper chicken meal which came with mashed potatoes and sautéed spinach. The chicken was alright, and the spinach was good... but the mashed potatoes tasted like they have been frozen for a few weeks and thawed out and microwaved -- kind of like old meal prep food. Yuck!!!! I can cook better food than that at home. So disappointing because we wanted to support a black owned business, but unfortunately they did not deliver. Service was terrible and so was the food. They have so much potential and I hope they get it together soon.

**Unfortunately I did not take pictures because the food was not picture worthy**
Mediterranean with a flair. Pretty good menu. Great date spot. Intimate, vegan options. 

Last time I went, the staff talked so much and so loud that we could hear them at our table. It made an otherwise intimate experience less so.
Generally pretty impressed with the place!

I've been looking forward to trying Aksum for a while now. I've heard great things about the brunch (not too sure about how it is for dinner). A friend and I stopped by at around 10:30 AM and were seated immediately (no reservation needed). 

The service was absolutely excellent and is probably the reason for my four star review (though my dish probably would have been somewhere between a 3 and 3.5 star). Our waitress was warm and genuine and happily talked us through the menu and cracked a couple of jokes. Positive service like this can go a long way!

I settled on the shakshuka eggs and my friend ordered the Monte Cristo sandwich. Presentation wise, the food was on point. Taste-wise, the dish was great-- perfectly spiced, and texture of the baked eggs was heavenly. I definitely would have liked more pita bread to dip into the tomato stew (it only came with about 4 small triangles of pita bread) and I would have liked for the tomato stew to be a BIT warmer (I have a feeling my dish was ready to go before it was served and was thus cooling in the kitchen?)

My friend was gawking over the Monte Cristo sandwich throughout our meal (I'm vegetarian so I didn't try it) but it looked beautiful and she said it was delicious as well. I did try some of the apricot jam and potatoes that came on the side of the dish, and both were beyond tasty!

I definitely will be returning to try the famous FRENCH TOAST as well as other nontraditional breakfast varieties. This is a cute spot and is definitely not frequented enough-- would love to see more people coming through!
We shared 4 appetizers-- each one delicious. Brussels sprouts with figs , Kale spanikopita with apricots , lentil curry soup, Mediterranean platter. All highly recommended. Large Vegan and gluten free options
After 4 visits to Aksum, I have to downgrade the stars.  There are a number of reasons, primarily the food. With each visit, after the wonderful first dinner, the flaws produced by the kitchen became more evident.  The constant is the hummus.  The lamb shank, terrific at our first meal, was undercooked, cold(not even warm) and was a major disappointment. The tabbouhleh was so bland, although the shrimp in the salad were tasty.  The grilled calamari were so chewy and overcooked.  
To add to that subpar dinner, we found out that there is a corkage fee.  Apparently, many glasses have been broken by customers, and the owner 
has had to buy more glasses.  The stemware are so heavy and not very wine friendly.
It's a shame.  We waited for a place like this to open in the neighborhood and we had high hopes for Aksum.  There just seems to be too much inconsistency in the kitchen.  Hope that changes.
I'd say more 4 1/2 but I'll give Aksum the extra half as I thought the food was delicious. We started with a spicy crab bisque. Had an obviously more mediterranean flavor than the crab bisque I've had around my area. This was a very good thing. It was so flavorful and very good. The spice was just enough. The homemade pita bread was light, airy, and very tasty. Heard a lot about the brussel sprouts so had to try them. They were great, the mixture of the sprouts with figs, candied walnuts, and goat cheese was awesome. I also didn't expect such a big serving so we took half home (almost time for lunch as I write this, yum). I ordered the mediterranean sea bass. It was cooked to perfection and the rice, tomatoes, olives, and capers made it even better. My wife had the lamb chops which she said was good, but did have too much gristle for her liking. My rating is based on my meal btw, but you may want to be aware of the chops if you plan on getting them. We were pretty full by this time so we decided to split a dessert. We ordered the fig creme brûlée. It was really good and the fig added a nice touch. 

The service was excellent, but my only complaint was a little too rushed. We were greeted at the door and were promptly seated. The waitress was very polite and helped in deciding the food choices. 

The place itself has a great atmosphere. Good music in the background and well decorated. Very nice for a casual restaurant.
Had dinner here last night with 5 of my friends. A few people in our group had been before, with mixed reviews (2 said it was fabulous, 2 said it was okay). My dinner was delicious. I started with the grape leaves, which are served cold--absolutely perfect after a hot day. I moved on to the special red snapper entree, which was grilled and served with the a tomato avocado relish. It was amazing! Other folks in the group started with the wild mushroom bisque, which they claimed was a bit too thick..more like a sauce then a bisque.  Two people had the avocado and tomato salad which, by all reports, was fabulous. Entrees had by others included lamb chops and the roasted chicken. All reports were that the food was really good. The waitress wasn't perfect but very nice, and that kind of thing doesn't bother me. All in all, I think Aksum is a great addition to our neighborhood. Looking forward to returning with my husband!
(3.5 stars) Brunch here was enjoyable but didn't blow me away. The restaurant is also very small and awkwardly positioned when the outside tables aren't set up, so brunch might be loud and uncomfortable in winter. The menu is reasonably priced though, with dishes around $10. 

The chicken and waffles was by far the standout dish: waffles were fluffy, chicken crispy, and the sauce had a great savory, smokey flavor. Wish I went with it instead of the Moroccan eggs, which weren't bad just unmemorable. I was hoping that the tomato sauce would be more present, but it ended up getting lost in the runny eggs. The potatoes also were just very average, didn't have the flare or spice I anticipated.
This place seems overpriced.  I'm the type of person who would rather spend $8-12 on dinner and go out to eat twice, than pay twice that and go out to eat once.  This place is in the "eat once" range, and it's competing against "eat twice" restaurants in the same neighborhood that, in my opinion, have better food.

Portions are small.  I find I can't get enough food to satisfy myself without spending $25-30.

The quality of the food is good, but it's not mind-blowingly amazing, and, to be blunt, some of the other restaurants in this neighborhood are.  I feel like I'm paying more for the presentation of the food and the slightly-upscale atmosphere than for the quality of the food itself.

Another comment...this restaurant falls into the classic trap that a lot of higher-end restaurants do with their seafood selection: serving the same fish I can get anywhere, salmon, red snapper, which tend to be higher-priced selections, when there are other fish that are cheaper, more sustainable, and I think taste better.  Get creative!  Stop doing things the way they are done everywhere else.  Another way you can get me to pay a little higher price is if you're doing something genuinely novel, but this place didn't really strike me as original enough to compensate for their combination of higher prices, smaller portions, and good-but-not-amazing flavor.  The other day I had an amazing catfish soup at an Ecuadorian restaurant in Upper Darby, showing genuine culinary genius.  Get some cheaper fish and find creative ways to cook them.  Maybe you could lower your prices too!  This is what will get me in the door.

Service was good, I will say that.  I see a few complaints about the service from others but I've had very good experiences.  But, I came here closer to when this place opened, and it was not on a busy night.

I'm not really that interested in going back, although I wouldn't object if someone took me here again, so long as they paid for me.
Nice little trendy spot for an interesting meal. Great ambiance and excellent service from the waitstaff. It's a mediterranean restaurant but they also have some standard American dishes.

I went for brunch. French toast was absolutely divine. I'm allergic to almonds but they accommodated my request to hold the almonds with no problem.

Will definitely go again and try dinner
The cutest brunch place on Baltimore. I lived on Baltimore for 6 months now and this is my first time here. How??? This is my go-to brunch spot for the next few months until I find another place that is close by that can beat this place in distance and food. I got the Turkish Scrambled eggs with no pita or potatoes and a side of avocados. The olives were so tasty and the eggs were delicious. The avocado was fresh. The chicken and waffles was ginormous.
My friends and I had a goodbye dinner here. Overall the service was pretty decent and nice decor. Here are the things we ordered and my opinions of them:

Mussels: We liked this. Cooked well with a bit of a kick!
Baklava: We all felt this was much too sweet for our taste. Pastry was nice and flaky though. 
Jumbo shrimp pil pil: I thought the shrimp was cooked perfectly, but the rice was a bit too salty. 
Lentil soup: This soup was loaded with veggies but much too salty. 
Calamari: We liked this as well as the sauce that came with it. 

Nice place, but the flavor for some of the dishes were a bit off.
I just got home from eating at Aksum during Dining Days.  It was my first time in the restaurant and I am definitely going to try and return.
I started with the mushroom soup which was interesting, it definitely has cinnamon in it and isn't all that mushroomy. It was a decent soup but nothing I'm ever going to eat again. Portion wise it was huge for an appetizer, so that's definitely a plus in my book. I also appreciated the fresh pita slices on the side.
For my entree I had the filet with artichokes, mashed potatoes, and asparagus. The horseradish sauce was good and reminded me of something I've eaten before but i am still having a brain fart on what it was and where.  The fillet comes out cut into strips which I thought was a bit odd but whatever. It was a *perfect* medium rare so I was completely happy! And there wasn't any over salty or peppery flavor, just a perfectly cooked steak.  The artichokes were really good. The only let down on the plate were the mashed potatoes but oh well, I still ate them all. 
Baklava for dessert, and if you were worried about the clove in the clove sauce, don't be. My plate came out only drizzled in honey, or the clove sauce tasted exactly like honey and therefore no worries about it being clovey.  It wasn't the best baklava I've had but I would eat it again.
Service. There was only one waitress which seemed to work. There were only about 12 people tonight at 8pm so she didn't seem to be having any real problem keeping everyone sorted and taken care of. You do have to wait a few minutes inbetween courses and to initially get your food but, if you're in a group it shouldn't be too noticeable.  
All in all, I wish I had known about this place sooner. One caveat is that it's rather small so probably not good for a huge group of people (I'd say it only seats about 30). AND it is a BYOB, avoid the "virgin" sangria unless you like herbal tea completely unsweetened. One of the guys at another table had some fruit juice that looked really good. I just stuck with the water.
Aksum is a great addition to the West Philly brunch scene!  It's nicely decorated, and has a really nice low-key atmosphere that's a nice change from the usual packed brunch craziness.  

We started of the meal with complimentary mimosas.  I'm not usually a huge mimosa fan, but I really enjoyed mine - it had the perfect ratio of champagne to orange juice, and the orange juice tasted really good (I was afraid of low-quality artificial tasting juice since it was complimentary).  

Aksum's brunch menu is really unique, and I love that they take traditional brunch and give it a Mediterranean twist.  I had the griddlecakes, which came topped with blueberry compote and a side of sausage and eggs.  The griddlecakes were delicious, and the blueberry compote was the perfect compliment - I loved that they gave a generous amount of compote so I didn't need any syrup.  I got scrambled egg whites, which were some of the best I've had!  I also tried my friend's dish, which was poached eggs in a tomato based broth that reminded me of a cioppino flavor.  Also delicious, and definitely unique.  The twice-fried potatoes have tons of flavor and a great crunch. 

The service was great, and I really appreciated that one of the waitresses was so nice about taking a picture of us.  My only complaint is that the Ipad method of paying (via credit card) is really confusing, especially if you're splitting the bill with other people.  I would suggest giving people the option of a traditional credit card bill if possible.
Serious shoutout to the exceptional service here for hosting large groups. We had many changes to our reservation, from 6 to 12 people, and the service was polite, patient, and wonderful considering we were a BYO group (maybe NYC service has just jaded me....)

Food pretty good for the price, albeit a little salty. We came for dinner this time and while I much prefer the brunch items, I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the lamb. Obviously the best perk about coming for dinner is BYO.
It's Mediterranean, but think of it as African Mediterranean. It's super fresh and tasty, but definitely has the spices and seasonings of the other part of the Mediterranean that you don't think of when this particular area is mentioned. And it's great. The hummus was one of my favorites I've ever had. Their tuna salad special had huge chunks of ahi, fresh avocado, tomato, radish, olives, etc. I loved it all. Also, it's BYOB! And no corkage fee!
Canned dolma.  
Fantastic salad.
Great bass.
Rice that tastes like it is from a box mix.

I would go back to this place again, but it certainly isn't the top of my list.  For the price, I'd like better food that tastes more authentically homemade.  The service was fine but there were only three tables when we went.
Amazing food! Brunch is really nice. Service is nice but they always seem really overworked and busy so it was hard getting their attention sometimes. Food is amazing though, can't go wrong with anything! We got pumpkin pancakes, the French toast, and the salmon omelette.
I feel like this review could pretty much say: Aksum is great and you should go! But I'll give a bit more detail. In the interest of full disclosure, I went to Aksum for the frist time about two years ago for brunch, and remember really enjoying my experience, but nothing else (ah, old age) so this review is mostly based on a dinner I had just last week. 

We had some friends in town who have been to Philly a bunch of times and were looking for a new hood to take them to, and West Philly was perfect. We had 8:15 reservations at Aksum, were seated immediately, and our waitress happily set us up with our three bottles of wine. My first score point for a BYO is how much side-eye the servers give when we bring out a bunch of alcohol, and Aksum passes with flying colors. #nojudgementzone 

We ordered a bunch of food and went in for the shared meal. We started with the hummus platter, the brussels sprouts, the fattoush salad and the fried artichokes and honestly everything was fab. The hummus was the only thing that didn't totally wow me, but one out of four ain't bad! The salad was super fresh and delicious, the artichokes we're lightly friend and crispy and had a lovely aioli on the side, and the sprouts were just so good - crispy brussels are pretty trendy now but I'm a sucker for those little crispy leaves and Aksum delivered. (My only minus one here is that we asked for them to be made without bacon and there was bacon in our dish. The waitress didn't write anything down when we ordered so I was bummed when sure enough, there was this oversight - but super minor in the grand scheme of things.)

For mains we ordered the lamb and the branzino - both were huge portions and great for splitting. I don't eat lamb, but my friends loved it, and the fish was perfectly crispy and I loved the rice. We got the lamb bones to-go for my dog, and he agreed that the scraps we're amazing - he eats literally anything, including non-food items, but still, approval is approval!

We're not huge dessert people, but when fried Oreo beignets are on the menu, you get them, and inhale them, and praise the heavens that some chef came up with that magical dish. Done.

Generally we loved our evening - affordable, yummy, cute and tons of veggie friendly options if you're into that stuff. Also worth noting that there's a wine store just about two blocks away if you need to pick up some dranks before your meal. Aksum (and wine store), we'll definitely be back!!
Finally made it to Aksum. I'd hesitated over going there for a pretty long time given the prices & the menu online. Didn't seem like you were getting much (or anything special), but they were listed favorably on Gluten Free Philly, so we decided to check it out.

We started with the stuff grape leaves, which were nothing special, but pretty good. I had the jumbo shrimp pil pil - not bad. He had the honey-glazed salmon - no complaints there. Atmosphere was good (the windows were wide open for good weather) and the decor was refined. BYO is always a win.

I've got nothing terrible to say about Aksum but nothing to rave over either. They're brunch menu looks intriguing. I'm confident that we'll be back (eventually...)
I really  don't  like  giving this place 2 stars, but it truly was a 2star brunch meal. Let me tell you why:
Service-not bad but not wonderful (3stars)
Food- Appetizers: Crab fritters, all fritter literally almost zero crab. Fried Calamari- was ok, pretty  bland same for marinara side sauce
Main course: Lamb chops and eggs special- the lamb chops were good, best item out of everything but at $18 the sides should have been better  and it should  come with some type of bread.
Shrimp and grits- wow so disappointing, very small portion size and seriously lacking flavor.
Ambiance is nice and it BYOB, but for the price we could have had a far better brunch!
HIGHLY recommend Aksum for a unique and tasty brunch!! 

I got the Green Eggs and Ham and it was delicious, not to mention plated beautifully. Also, the servers were kind enough to replace the meat in the dish with breakfast potatoes since I'm vegetarian, which I appreciate. The restaurant has a homey and cozy feel without trying too hard with the decor/ambiance. All of my friends were very satisfied after our meal here. Do make a reservation as it's packed on weekends!
Food wise, this place is 100% a hit or a miss. 

First off, go here for brunch. While this place has decent Mediterranean food in the evening, it's really known for its BYO brunch. We ordered hummus for the table as an appetizer, combined with the warm pita, and I was in heaven. I could have eaten 10 more and called it a day.

Tip #1: get the hummus. 

The wait is long. like really long. so long that this restaurant loses a star and a half. Eat a little before you come here or ask for an appetizer that will come right away because you will be so hungry before your entree comes out. Combined with the hummus, the sangria is a good choice and keeps you full until your food comes out. Warning, it's sweet.

Tip #2: get the sangria. 

Foodwise, we ordered the Moroccan Chicken and Waffles, Green Eggs and Ham, Turkish Scramble, Almond/Creme Brulee French Toast, and Shakshuka Eggs. The food was actually delicious, but unclear if because of taste or hunger from waiting. Better than Bui's, second to Gold Standard, no where near Sabrina's. The french toast was the biggest redeeming quality of this restaurant. 
 
Tip #3: get the french toast. 

Definitely worth a visit to cross off on the Philly bucket list, but most likely won't be a regular anytime soon.
I really wanted to like this place... I did!

So much so that I even came back for a second time to give it another chance.

The first time I dined here, I had the lentil soup and sea bass. I honestly found both dishes to be seriously lacking in flavor. The sea bass was so so, the basmati rice was bad. The lentil soup tasted like it was from a can.

A year later I tried it again to give it another chance, I got the Mediterranean app and scallops. The app was alright, nothing authentic or Mediterranean about it. The scallops were soft and sorta tasty, no butter or seasoning on them. The scallops were served on mushroom risotto, which somehow was so sweet it tasted like sugared risotto. There were a few mushrooms in there, more for decorations than taste.

The staff is polite, and I get the vibe they're certainly trying to go for, but it just falls short somehow, as if they're trying too hard. Also, if they're trying to be more "upscale" ish, they could do with serving food on plates that aren't tacky and made from plastic!
I went to dinner by myself at Aksum the week of August 20th.  I'd been to Aksum before and the service and food had been fine.  But not this time.  There were only two waitresses serving the entire restaurant.  It took nearly 10 minutes after I was seated to receive a menu.  The salad I ordered came in a reasonable period of time.  It took well over 30 minutes after completing my salad to receive my entree.  I kept asking about my food during that time period and kept was told it would soon arrive.  Eventually I threatened to leave the restaurant if my entree did not arrive shortly and then, five minutes later, it finally was brought to my table.  When I was done my entree, I had to wait another 15 minutes until the waitress returned to bring me my check.  The next day I spoke with someone I know who lives near Aksum and he reported a similar experience at the restaurant the prior week.
I've heard the menu here can be hit or miss. I had the almond-crusted French toast (which comes with turkey sausage) and it was the best brunch meal I've ever eaten. I tried a few bites of the chicken and waffles and they were also delicious. Highly recommend either of those dishes.
I paid and tipped because I assume what I experienced was due to the challenges of COVID. We were the only ones there so the environment was very chill and waitress was extremely nice. Great menu options. I was there for a going away dinner and decided to celebrate by eating chicken after being vegetarian for quite some time. So, perhaps this was divine intervention telling me I should be ashamed of myself. 

There is no way that the food I was served was fresh. I ordered Moroccan Chicken and Waffles with a side of home fries/potatoes. I didn't smell the familiar smells of a kitchen after our order was placed. My food was...almost warm...existing on that border where it's not quite lukewarm but also not cold. The dish is battered and fried. Freshly friend food has a crisp to it, this did not. The chicken had the discoloration of friend chicken that has been cooked and refrigerated for more than a day. The waffles, potatoes, and chicken all tasted as if they had been pre-cooked, refrigerated, and slightly warmer prior to serving. 

As I said before I probably should've gotten the tofu scramble and would've received a fresh meal. Hopefully, this experience was due to the low guest volume caused by COVID , because the menu seems to have great potential. However I paid a quite a bit  for microwaved food.
I just came from here on a nice night. FABULOUS food.  I had the lamb shank, which fell off of the bone.  There was a little too much oil, but the fingerling potatoes and carrots were a nice match,

My wife had the chicken and my mom had the salmon. Both were very pleased.

Worst part of the night was the wait. The restaurant was about 80% full on a Sat night, yet we waited about 20 for our grape leaves appetizer.  It was another 20 min or so for the meal.  We were starving by the time it came through, but wow was it worth it!


Signing the bill on an iPad 2 with the square app is pretty swanky.  However, they need to set it to tip by %. A geek like me can calculate the % myself, but they may be losing out in tip money if they keep the current setting of tipping by $ increments.

All in all, a great experience and a perfect addition to the Baltimore corridor,
