I'd seriously give it 10 stars if I could!!  On the hunt for something new and hole in the wall near work, Yelp directed me to the awesomeness that is AL Sham. It's dine in or take out. They menu ranges from lamb schwarma to falafel to tons of types of kebab and everything  (middle eastern ) in between. I went with the lamb schwarma  ($6.99) and an order of falafel  (2 for $1.00!!!) The falafel were golf ball sized pieces of heaven! ! Super crispy on the outside, moist and flavorful on the inside. Just a great start to my meal. The lamb schwarma may have been the best sandwich I've had in philadelphia. Seriously.  Super full of chopped lamb, tomato, pickles and the amazing garlic sauce. No bs, most likely the best sandwich I've had in philadelphia.  All total, my meal was just over  $9.00 with a coke. My buddy got a huuuuuge mango Lassi and a lamb kebab platter with rice.  He took was blown away. The dining room was nice,  perfect service. I can't wait to go back
Hubby and I came here after deciding to see our nieces in a softball game nearby. Boy was I happy when Yelp pulled up some delicious middle eastern food nearby!

As we walked in to this homey little restaurant we were greeted with the delicious smells of a fiery kitchen in full effect. There was a large table with Latinos, and a few smaller tables with couples enjoying a meal as well. We were both craving chicken and rice and so decided not to venture into the rest of the menu. 

The chicken and rice was amazing! It was a large helping of everything, a small side salad and everything was so so tasty! We also ordered a samosa and that was crispy and spicy just like I like them!

This place seems to be doing a bit of everything, as they had a catering menu, hookahs, baked goods, cheesesteaks AND Middle Eastern food on the menu! But you can not knock the hustle, as they are a small local business trying to survive. I would absolutely come here and support the some more!
Having tried the overly hyped Chicken & Rice in NYC, which I wasn't impressed with as I thought it was an "okay" experience, I didn't look forward to having the rice platter again when my BF decided to order it from Al-Sham one night for dinner, but let me tell you... I. WAS. BLOWN. AWAY.

The chicken was so tender & each bite left me wanting for more. Now, THIS is THE Chicken & Rice I would recommend to others. It's definitely one of the few gems in NE Philly. The only downfall is their skimpy portions. I normally order extra chicken, which evens out the overloaded rice they give you. I highly recommend this place if you're craving for the "NYC Chicken & Rice," but let me warn you, it might exceed your expectations.
I lived in the Middle East for over a decade and my wife was born there, so we're both no strangers to excellent grilled kabobs, juicy shawarma, and crispy falafel. It's probably our favorite thing to eat by far. 

Since moving to PA we've been searching all over for authentic Middle Eastern food in both Philly and NJ, but more often than not we are left disappointed, reminiscing about the old days when we could easily get the good stuff. 

Not too long ago a Syrian colleague recommended Al Sham for a quality meal. Needless to say, I was very excited to get the new tip and I had some pretty high hopes the day we drove down.

The menu at Al Sham is huge and we were starving so we ordered a few dishes for our party of 5. We got the kibbeh, falafel, hummus, salad, assorted pickles and olives, fries, the beef kofta kabab, the mixed lamb and chicken kabob, and the lamb shawarma.

The kibbeh and falafel were the first things served and they were great. Well made, very flavorful, and fresh! The salads and the hummus were also pretty good. However, when the meat entrees were served, I was gutted. I could instantly see that they weren't freshly made, it was all just reheated. Total disappointment! As we ate, we noted that almost all of the meat was overly dry and tough, though, for what it's worth, it all had a pretty good seasoning profile. But at the end of the day, who wants to eat reheated kabobs? Not me. 

The best meat dish of the bunch was the shawarma, but this wasn't shawarma like they have on giant spits on the streets of Amman or Istanbul. It was sliced up Gyro meat. While decent in its own right, US Gyro meat is in no way the same thing as authentic Middle Eastern shawarma meat and its not even close. It's not even close to gyro meat you get in Greece. But thats a whole other story. 

Anyway, the beginning of the meal started out great but the end was a major let down. I probably wouldnt go back myself, but I can definitely see how this would be a decent spot if you're in the mood for some Middle Eastern food and you're not the jaded shawarma critics that we are.
If you know the difference between Shawerma and Gyros then you probably shouldn't eat shawerma here. Place and staff were nice. The main reason for the rating is the meat I felt was under cooked or over processed. Reminded me of eating a veggi-burger patti in a roll.
This place is "Smack yo momma good!" I ordered the tandoori chicken and it was so SO good! Made a deal with the devil GOOD!
My friend ordered a pizza. At first I wasn't sure how good a pizza made from a middle eastern restaurant could be... That pizza was the best damn pizza I had in a long time! It was so good that I started offering up money for more of my friends pizza! 
You will not be disappointed with this restaurant!
So I know nothing of Middle Eastern food, but this place was the tits! I sampled a few things from here and it was all delicious, and i'm craving my next Al-Sham fix hardcore. 
I tried the veggie samosa first and it was the best I ever had. I highly recommend these little guys. 
I also sampled a falafel in the name of science, and it was perfect. The white sauce served with the falafel was spicy deliciousness as well. 
Also I ordered the chicken rice concoction with peppers and onions. I ordered extra white and red sauce but didn't need it since they are very generous with it to begin with. This dish was so flavorful and spicy. I loved it and as I'm writing this i'm realizing I wish I had some right now. The servings are huge so I had enough for 2 meals. 
The space is lovely and clean, and the lady at the register was very nice. I highly recommend this spot for a quick takeout meal that is a departure from the normal crap.
Best takeout food in Rhawnhurst area by about a million miles. All haters bow down to Al-Sham. The freshness of the vegetables in everything they bring is enough to make my heart sing! Love love love Al-sham!!!! Everything I have eaten on the menu has impressed me greatly... and I am a snobby downtown girl who is used to all that downtown Philly restaurants offer. This place is my go-to for quality (and inexpensive!!!) takeout! Keep doing what you're doing Al-Sham! Friendly employees, as well, which is always a nice touch!
Friendly staff, clean restaurant & delicious food. Definitely a new favorite. The maroosh is awesome
I definitely think this is one of the top halal places that I've been to in Philly, not the best.    I like that they have variety like pizza with chicken shawerma and quesadillas. We ended up getting a "sandwich" - which its really not, its a pita wrap. I had the rice previously when it was catered at a party. It was good, maybe a little overcooked, but the spices where right, and the lamb and chicken were tender.  Just like the New York chicken and rice truck on 53rd and 6th, they offer white sauce and red sauce. I honestly can't say this is like that NY truck, but it's still good eats.

There is an informal dining room and a formal dining room. So you can have a nice romantic dinner or take guests here. Parking is limited, we got lucky and found a spot directly in front if the store. I would give it a try if your in this area, your stomach will thank you!
LOVE the New York chicken and veggie samosas but I ate it last night and it made me very sick.  I've called off work. 

Now I don't want to eat here again.  Wouldn't wish this feeling on my worst enemy. It feels like my stomach is trying to digest itself into a thick pink paste.
Covid Edition - I was craving some Mediterranean food and this was right there. I did online pick up through their website and it took about 20 mins for the order. Since I was craving for kabob, I got the mixed platter with chicken and beef. Whenever I was ordering, I didn't realize that it came with salad, garlic sauce and hummus which are always a bonus! The only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars is because the meat was a bit dry but everything was delicious. The brown rice had a hint of cinnamon and the meat was well flavored.
My spouse and I have become regulars here- The food is amazing!

When you first see this place from the outside, its really dark glass and looks kinda shady, not gonna lie. When you walk in, it looks like they made a corner store into a restaurant, but if you walk all the way to the back there is a whole other seating room to the left side where the ceiling is covered in beautiful scarves with twinkling lights around the ceiling, and fringe hanging from the lamps. you can sit at the tables for food, or lounge on the couches in front of the tv if you have come for desserts and drinks.

They have Arabic and Mediterranean choices, as well as a few NYC concoctions that are pretty good. The meat is sometime on the dry side, but thats why you cover it in garlic sauce!!! I really love that I can get laziza soda pops here and yogurt drinks.

They also deliver straight to your house, and they don't skip on the portions either! The delivery fee is minimal, and they always call to verify they are outside of the right house.
I've eaten here a couple of times and sometimes the food would be dry and other times the food would be very good. Still would be an great option for the very hungry! One of the best places in northeast to get middle eastern food
Always great food, prices have increased a bit but well worth it. I'm a good 45 minutes from the restaurant but if I want good quality halal food this is the place to go. The veggie samosas are my favorite, the chicken and beef dishes are always delicious. Very nice staff and never disappoints.
Definitely the best middle eastern take out spot by me! I usually get the lamb over rice platter and it's delicious!! There's always a good amount of meat along with the perfect white sauce to food ratio. The lamb salad is also a go to for my fiancé and it's definitely enough for two meals!! I'm still making my way through the menu but highly recommend.
I was treated very rude by the staff here when I  ate here one time. I had ordered a halal cheesesteak and they put onions on it when I said no onions. The girl behind the counter just stared at me then rolled her eyes with an attitude and said something to the other staff in Arabic pointing at me. Obviously something was said about me and I'll never give this place another dime.
Yoooo. My first yelp. Here we go. 
The Falafels are LEGIT. Sooo delicious. I mean, PERFECT. 
The Lamb Kebabs, not as ABSOLUTELY perfect, probably just because the lamb meat itself could probably come from more desired cuts of the beasts (though this would also make it more expensive), but still, delicious as well. Anddd, get this, totally unexpected but, THE MILKSHAKES: WHOA. This unassuming little halal spot happens to make absolutely fantastic shakes. I'm talkin' classic 1950s chrome-lined ice cream shop good. Only 3 flavors, the champions of course: vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry. Now I've only had the van. and straw., but I could only imagine the choc. is just as great for those who favor the flavor. 
And if your looking for more of a quick and easy Middle-Eastern staple, my girlfriend LOVES the shawarmas. I swear she straight hoovers those jawns. 
So, there you have it. A simply great Northeast Philly Halal spot. If you live nearby like myself, you're just silly if you're not occasioning the place.
My wife and I are vegan, that limit the places that we can eat. If you want to eat at a restaurant that gives you the sense of being in the Middle East this is the place you Must visit. The food to truly unique and in my opinion the BEST value we have had when we have found  middle eastern food. They even answered the question- why are falafels green?  We have ask this question many times but they were the first that gave us the correct answer. From the food, service, and value this is truly a great place to eat. Al-Sham has been added to our list of restaurant we can eat at.
Amazing food!!!! The meat is so tender and well seasoned. It's super cheap and comes out very quickly. The people who work here are always friendly! I recommend the New York combo!
Been here a few times because I work nearby.  The NY combo is exactly like Halal in NYC. I have to stop myself from eating here everyday.

The falafel is also delicious. I had pizza once, and it was also I incredible.
This place is amazing. I wanted takeout the other night but was sick of pizza and Chinese which is all that's in my area until I saw this place pop up. I ordered the chicken shawarma and a falafel platter to split with my husband. It was SO good. My husband liked it, but wasn't in love. I loved it so much we ordered from here again the next night and my husband ordered the lamb. Now he's hooked. This will definitely be our go-to takeout spot when we need something different. My only complaint is that the portion of hummus for the falafel plate was very small. I LOVE HUMMUS and want to absolutely slather it all over everything. And like another reviewer said, the chicken was a bit dry. Get extra garlic sauce and you're set though.
I have ordered from here a few times and I have never been dissapointed. The food is D-licious! lamb shawarma sandwich, veggie samosa, and falafels are my favorites.
The food is okay here, but the preparation takes forever. They have about 3 people working in the kitchen and they don't have any customers dining in but they still manage to take their good old time and take forever. The food is also highly overpriced and it was not amazing and on top of that extremely  slow service. Other than that their food was okay and the workers were nice.
Best middle eastern food on the deleware valley so far. I drive from Jersey to just have a chicken kabob salad. I definitely recommend this place to anyone that is looking for a delicious and authentic middle eastern meal.
Came here recently with a bunch of friends and had a very enjoyable experience.

The restaurant is located in a not-so-bad but not-so-nice part of town. So if you're one to be concerned about your safety, here is your warning. The only parking available is street parking. Parking can be difficult depending on when you come. 

The restaurant is split into two sections, one for waiter service and one without. They are exactly the same and completely different all at the same time. The waiter service area is a nice restaurant. Nice decor, linen tablecloths and napkins. Giant flat screen tuned to an Arabic language channel. The price of the food is the same if you want to be waited on or not. And the prices are very reasonable.

The food is pretty good, some items are better than others. The wife and I shared the mixed shawarma and the mixed grill plates. The chicken shawarma and the chicken kabobs were excellent.  Super tender and flavorful. The lamb/beef shawarma was OK- a bit gristly. The ground beef kabob (kofta) was good. Good meat quality and flavor was alright. Next time going for the chicken only.

Had a strawberry and mango lassi. The mango is delicious, the strawberry is not sweet enough for my palate.

Also had their appetizer sampler which included pita, hummus, babganoush, falafel and dolma. The dolma were served hot which I liked and is unusual. The rest were just OK. The falafel were good - Green on the inside as they ought to be. Also ordered kibbe - which if you have never had - you must try. While they're not the best I've ever had, they were good. Just a different flavor profile than I'm used to. They were served with lemon which I appreciated as that's how I like them.

They don't serve alcohol or let you bring it in, so be mindful of that.

The service was very good. Our waitress was super on the ball, attentive and friendly. I would have given three stars but the service really took the whole experience to a new level. So I would advise against take-out.
Great service, the lady who served us was friendly and helpful
A very large variety of Lebanese, Indian and American food plus pizza!
Very large portions
Shwarma sandwiches are amazing
Prices are very reasonable

The only negative thing about our food was that everything was bit too salty.

It's not a fancy place not much of ambiance! Not the place for fine dining.
I used to drive up to NYC from Rutgers soley for the reason of satisfying the platters cravings.  Moving back to philly area this is my new go to spot to fill that craving.   To be honest it's not quite the NYC streetcart experience but so far the close as I can get without making that trip up.

Just be ready they aren't quick to put together your meal.  Plan on calling ahead or be ready for a 15, 20 min wait for your food.  In NYC I prefer the lamb over the chicken.  Here I prefer the Chicken platter over the lamb.

If you live close by their pizza's are pretty delicious.  The crust is a thicker chewy crust.  I can't really compare it to anywhere else but it's pretty darn delicious and def worth a try.
Are you serious?? Some people shouldn't own restaurants that's for sure. A few months ago I ate there and the babagnoush (pureed, blended eggplant) tasted like it was spoiled, called the waitress she checked and the fridge wasn't working!! She slipped and said it happened a few times before! The owner NEVER came to table to apologize or even offered to adjust the bill! He simply took the item back and offered us Samosa instead! Who does that?? This guy! Then last time I was there the falafel crumbled in my hand like they were old, stale cookies and tasted like a bunch of wood chips put together with paper glue. It's a shame because I see his wife working hard and every one there runs around trying to please. May be you should use your brain every now and then? I am done with this circus!
The menu is a short novel but I had an idea of what I wanted ahead of time. I got the NY Chicken and Rice and it was fire. I loved the hint of the fried onion in it. The crisp parts of the chicken really stood out. It could've used a bit more chicken, but it's taken into consideration. I will look for that next time and make a subsequent assessment. Place loses one star on the basis that one menu item per their Yelp associated menu had the pizza listed @ 1.00 lower than they charged. Consistency is key. My friend loved the Al-Sham breakfast sandwich. I will be back and I do look forward to it. The falafel was also great; and very adequately priced.
This is my favorite Middle Eastern spot in this part of the Northeast. I like the Shawarma plate with rice, and the chicken kebab sandwich. 

Don't sleep on the cheesesteaks either. 
For the record, Steve's is my place....but the steaks here have that garlic toum on the rolls. It's a cheesesteak with garlic aioli. It's satisfying. 

Try them out!
I used to go here all the time just because there really wasn't other options in terms of middle eastern food, it's good food here and there. The last time I went we were threatened by a member of the business because they all knew him when he started yelling at us. He was smoking a hookah and my friend said to him "my man has it going on with the hookah!" ... but we think the guy thought we said "my man has to gotta go with the hookah " ... because he came up to us and started threatening us, swearing, and wanting to fight. NO ONE apologized to us; just mean looks from the workers. What a shame. This place is going down hill. Utterly disappointed what a shame.
i order from them on last night and my food was very very bad my husband order the nyc combo which was chicken and lamb it was cold when we recive our food.it was not the best i have gotten food before and the service was great after the second time they forgot my pita bread.this time my food was cold.we love this place and i love the chicken shawma and rice but what i recevie last night was not good.
My husband and I come here whenever we are in the area.  The staff is pleasant.  The food is good and it seems that they've expanded their menu in recent months.  The only downside for me is the falafel is kind of hard and dry compared to others, but I still order it from time to time!
Better than my some of favorite Halal carts/joints.
I'm so happy I found this place on grubhub!
We have tried a nice selection of stuff from here and spend like $65 every time we order because in addition to our own meals, we each pick an extra side or sampler and usually share everything (and end up with left overs lol). My littlest one hates falafel but she will eat theirs. Their American food is just okay but their Middle Eastern food is great. 
It's truly hard not order the chicken over rice every time and my fella is equally addicted to the chicken/lamb mix over rice.
I really wanted to love this place. So many positive reviews and I don't understand how ...

The pros: 
Clean and tidy dining area
Brightly lit room
Lots of options to choose from
Friendly service 

The cons: (and there many)
1. The meats were all burnt!! Every piece from our three entrees and 2 appetizers were completely charred and inedible. See pictures 
The lamb was the most tolerable one as it had a slight hint of flavor. The chicken was completely dry and bitter. Idk if this was a one time occurrence but between the 7 people working back there, no one thought it's not okay to serve this charred food?! 
2. Loads and loads of onions on every single dish and lotsssss of extra sauces (you're paying for like 2 full jars of mayo if you order for 3 people) so unnecessary and just didn't add anything to an already bad dish. :( 
3. They are crazy busy, which initially made me think this place must be pretty great, but the down side to that is they have too many people working back there and not enough management/ communication... the girls working up front didn't have gloves on and they kept opening and closing the containers because they couldn't figure out what was what and I watched them touch peoples food with their fingernails as they packaged it for the delivery guys. This is a huge no-no especially now during covid. Also the delivery guy kept going back there next to the grill without a mask on and fussing with his hair and face. They were very disorganized and this brings me to my last point 
4. It took way too long to get one order ready. I understand they have a huge volume of orders but there were soo many people working there and most of them were just standing around not coordinating with one another. 


Don't serve people burnt food!! 
Wear gloves and keep sanitation in mind! I didn't see a single sanitizer bottle or wipe anywhere on the counter where the girls worked, or anywhere in the dining room for guests or employees... 
people who handle money up front should not be packing food.... 
please do better
Been a long time customer of Al Sham and spent a hundreds of dollars here over the years. Love their food. The NY chicken and lamb combo is amazing. Decided I wanted to place an order around 5:15pm last evening for an arrival at my home at 6:25pm. Well, 6:25pm came and went. Decided to call at 6:40pm and was told my order was never sent through Yelp Grubhub, even though I have an email confirmation that states otherwise. I was told my order had already been sent out and to be patient. I remained patient until I got a call back from a woman at Al Sham at around 6:55pm that decided she would "blame me" for them not receiving the order from Yelp Grubhub. She said I ordered it as a "catering" order and that I should just be patient while my food was still cooking in their oven. Um, catering? I order about 3 items off the menu for my family. Last I checked that is not a catering order. I asked to speak with a manager who also said it was my fault due to the way I placed the order. Unreal. 

Well, considering it was now over 30 mins since my food was supposed to arrive I assumed Al Sham could at least do something nice for me and maybe throw in something extra or discount the price. Nope. Just straight attitude. Or maybe it was suggested they would throw in an extra piece of meat or some more rice, yeah ok. Thanks but no thanks. Order canceled and I will no longer recommend you to any of my friends like I have in the past. Customer service still matters. Take a little ownership next time and you may be able to keep lifelong customers but not this guy after trying to put down one of your longtime customers last evening.
Lamb cheese steak was delicious! Meat was tender and the hot peppers, sweet peppers and pickle were so tasty with different spices. My friend got the beef samosa which she really liked. The spicy mint sauce was so good too, really spicy kick! The girl who served us was so nice since we had a lot of questions like where should we sit? -- there's two seating areas, what's the difference between a meat pie and a meat samosa? And lamb meat versus lamb gyro meat? LOL! Can't wait to try more!

Xoxo,
Fat girl
My go-to establishment for halal food! 

Their new york combo platter (chicken & lamb) beat all the food trucks, plus The Halal Guy in KoP and Chinatown Square. I fell in love with halal cart food since I've had the infamous chicken & rice in New York, I would take random trips to fix my cravings. One thing I will say though, don't expect the flavors to be the same but they're equally good in their own ways - the white sauce at Al-Sham is subpar in comparison to the halal guys in New York, but the hot sauce though! It's actually hot, love it. I wish it comes with a few slices of pita bread, just like the platter in New York but I guess I can still order it on the side if I really crave for it.  

I'm giving it 4 stars as I've tried other items from their menu but didn't leave much of an impression. They were okay, the curry was watery so avoid ordering those dishes.
My go to here is the Maroosh sandwich(chicken, lamb -- it don't matta!!)

You wont be disappointed. For $8 you get a BIG sandwich on a delicious toasted (panini'd?) roll. Inside you get the "all da meatz" spiced to perfection, an arabic pickle, tahini/garlic whatever sauce they use (it definitely contains illegal substances -- it's just that good), and lots of fresh tomatoes+parsley

The roll/veggies are always fresh, the meat is always good quality without those bits of mystery gristle. 

I need to try more of what they offer there -- I've had plenty of middle eastern/levantine food so if the Maroosh is the good everything else probably is, it looks that way anyway (they have a BIG menu)

My star rating is based on how much I would miss a spot if it went out of business -- and that's where 5* come from. It's a jewel in NE Philly.
This place looks great if you go in or to the website but I am going to tell you that it sucks big time. I went there  a couple of times with my friend and watched him order his food and he said he liked it. My friend likes any food and is 300 pounds so that explains that..I downloaded the app and placed an order for falafel  and chicken and lamb Shwerma with lamb biriyani and beef samosa. The bill was about 45 bucks. I got there and it was ready for me. Once I opened it at home the falafel was burnt and black. How can Arabs mess falafel up ? Then we ate the biriyani and it had just a few pieces of lamb and a ton of rice and NO flavor! Samosa was some meat wrapped in egg roll rapper and not the real Indian samosa. The Shwerma was just a couple pieces of meat in a ton of rice and again no freaking flavor. If you like bland food then please go to all sham. I would rather go to the dollar store and eat something from the frozen section that eat this garbage ever again. I hope I saved someone some money from this review.
Al-Bustan Seeds of Culture is a non-profit organization that allows the expression of different cultures to be voiced.  We reached out to Al-Sham Restaurant and asked if they could supply food for our Neighborhood Forum at Northeast High School. Not only were they excited to help, they gave a us a 10% discount on our order.
 
Our students, faculty and community members were BLOWN AWAY by their amazing food! We had over 80 participants and they all loved the food, grabbed menus and couldn't wait to go to the restaurant. WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND Al-Sham for their high quality food and generosity.
I've had the NY lamb/chicken and rice many times. It is so flavorful it's very hard to stop eating! So delicious, great service, and inexpensive. So happy this place is close to home!
Food is delicious. Nice clean restaurant and friendly servers. Definitely coming back to this place.
The food tastes okay. The prices are a bit high. A chicken over rice platter runs for about $8-9. The customer service is terrible. The minute you walk in, you don't feel too welcome and you just have eyes staring at you without a smile. I ordered my dish without hot sauce and when I received my order, it had hot sauce. The lady tried to pull the "you didn't tell me" card but I clearly told her as I ordered. Her solution? To use tongs to pick out the pieces of chicken that had hot sauce on it and covering the empty parts with white sauce - neglecting the rice that was also covered in hot sauce and reducing the amount of chicken that I paid for on that dish. The food is good but it's not great, therefore, I wouldn't really recommend it.
So I'm updating my review based on their chicken shawarma and gyro platters. They did make a few changes and the food is a lot better than it used to be. I was told there is a new owner so I assume that's why.
I will definitely be ordering more shawarma.
al sham rocks. stumbled upon this location while in the northeast taking care of some business. super fast and courteous service and the food was just as good as at the location near my home. had a quick falafel sandwich on the go. highly recommend.
My friend picked this restaurant for us to meet up at on Saturday for lunch.  Neither one of us had been there before.  
You order at the counter and they cook it and bring it to you.
I prefer to eat off of real plates and not given to go containers at the table I'm going to sit and eat at.
So I would order take out from here moving forward. 
Food was good!  Service was friendly!
I frequent this location and love every visit. Normally I get the mixed shawarma salad with Lamb and chicken (and split it with my dad) and either an order of falafel or the cheese pies. I personally love the cheese pies but I switch it up because my dad seems to like the falafel more. Either way I am always satisfied with the appetizers. Yesterday my fiance and I went for dinner and got a hookah while we ate. The hookah was great and lasted for at least an hour.

We started out with the cheese pies (she has never had them before), and I was about to turn her into a believer for how good they were! Then she ordered the mixed shawarma salad (she got full and brought about half of it home), and I got the lamb cheese steak. The salad was as good as usual (of course I had to"taste it", although I already knew exactly what it tastes like!). The lamb cheesesteak was bomb af! I've never tasted flavors like that on a cheesesteak! Probably my new favorite thing on the menu! Oh and the fries ate banging too!

I haven't had anything hear that I haven't loved yet!
This is my favorite halal restaurant in Philly. Excellent food at reasonable prices and a very friendly staff. Recently had a large family party in their attached lounge/party room. Food was great as always and staff was very accommodating. Owners are a husband and wife couple that have high regard for quality in their ingredients and food. Great attention to detail is also present in their food presentation and restaurant ambience. 

My two favorite dishes are the Chicken Maroosh sandwich and the NY style Chicken and Lamb gryo over rice. From personal experience I can say the gyro here is much better than anything you'll get in NYC. 

Also, this restaurant is completely halal. No alcohol allowed. As an added bonus this restaurant is also handicapp accessible. Definitely worth the drive to Philly to check this place out. 

Lastly, masjid Al-Furqan is very close (5min drive). We need more halal restaurants to follow this model. I have family that comes to Philly just to visit this restaurant. I highly recommend this quality establishment. You won't be disappointed.
Take any American pizzeria dish and replace the protein with super delicious lamb and you have Al Sham! 

You might be asking why only 3 stars? Two issues that don't keep me away, but keep it from being a staple:

1) Price: for the area it's definitely overpriced by several dollars per item.

2) it's greasy... Real greasy! Delicious of course, but arteries be ware.
This spot has great falafel wraps and samosas. The food is pretty inexpensive too. Any time I'm in the area with an appetite I try to stop by.
Best halal food I've ever eaten. I have been eating there for many years and my personal favorite has to be chicken Maroosh made with white sauce. They have a variety food of middle eastern, Indian AND American food. Also they serve breakfast and pizza all day. Come check out Alsham's food. I guarantee you won't regret it. And their customer service is great also, they have created a very friendly environment for all customers. By the way their New York style platters are much better than the halal guys. Make sure to try that out next time you stop by. And I surely am going to come back again and again.
I have yet to try something from this restaurant that I didn't like. The food is so good! From their cheese steaks to their rice platters to their pizza. Everything is on point.
I stop here for lunch and order to go. I had there NY chicken over rice that tasted so good. I also had there curry chicken that tasted fine I'm not be fan of curry but it was ok. They have seating to eat in and there is another room they have that looks like a lounge.
I got a bacon and egg omelette and it was pretty good but the bacon wasn't cut up and was very chewy. So if you're looking for decent food at a decent price go for it. But I wouldn't get a bacon omelette again
Went with my younger siblings, I live in Bucks county I was looking for a halal, chicken over rice place, with the famous white sauce. This place is the best in the area, worth the drive wherever you live around. If you're looking for the New York style halal chicken platter, go here. For $10 you can have a great meal, yes I waited a bit longer than expected but the foods quality made up for it. I've had chicken over rice in a lot of places so many times. This place is great, probably the best taste and quality wise. The inside isn't the biggest and most luxurious but you can get take out as well. Highly recommended!
The food here is simply delicious. You get great food for the price. We normally get take-out, but we  dined  in recently and had a good experience.
Huge menu of American, Mediterranean, and Pakistani dishes.  With that said their bbq ribs were soft, delicious and fell off the bone.  The cheesesteak with everything also fresh and great.  The Al sham mixed platter meat was soft and succulent but the bed of rice was greasy.  Service was not great because of the dinner rush but everyone was nice.
I was quite skeptical at first due to the bold and flashy windows, but, please don't judge a book by its cover. The flavor profiles that I have had the pleasure of enjoying have been nothing shy of exceptional. The NY Platter with chicken is mouth watering goodness. The vegetable and chicken samosas are a flavor explosion, you won't want to stop eating them. Not feeling adventurous? You will NOT be disappointed by the cheesesteak (on what tastes like a homemade soft amazing roll), the cheeseburger, the pizza, Stromboli.. I could keep going but I'm just making myself hungry. Do yourself a favor, maybe step outside of your comfort zone and give your tastebuds a treat.
I came here one evening looking to get my shawarma fix.  They hit this on the nail that time and every time since, both chicken and lamb.  The Maroosh is my new favorite - it's tasty and HUGE (Yes, that's what she said.)  You really can't go wrong with anything you get... at least, with my many experiences here so far.

With a wide selection of items, everything fresh, nicely seasoned and home made, all at a price that keeps my wallet happy, are you really surprised Al-Sham is my favorite lunch spot?
Ambiance is non-existent. That's okay. Ambiance doesn't make the food taste better - some of the best meals I've had have been in places that might have actually been dumpsters. I don't recall what the service was like which means it was probably perfectly fine. 

The chicken shawarma was good. The lamb kebabs were good. Everything was pretty good! It wasn't the best Middle Eastern food I've had, but it was slightly above average. And they have garlic sauce. Like, actual garlic sauce. I'm from the hills of Appalachia, but I travel to Michigan a lot, which is an epicenter of Middle Eastern culture, and I'd had garlic sauce at restaurants there, but never expected to see it again, because again, I'm from the hills of Appalachia and didn't expect to find myself in a city with Middle Eastern restaurants again. But they had it! And it was great! 

I also credit this place with introducing me to baba ghanouj. HOLY CRAP. All this time I've been eating hummus when I COULD have been eating baba ghanouj. Seriously, guys. When I'm dying, and my grandchildren are gathered around my sick bed, asking me what I regret most in life, I'm going to be like "I waited thirty years before I tried baba ghanouj because normally eggplants suuuuuuuck"
Their chicken kebob sandwich is delicious and borderline addictive! Perfect flavorful chicken, an amazing sauce that compliments the chicken and yummy pickles. The falafel is also very good with a little kick. I don't think I would ever dine in but it's perfect for take out!
This place is literally a diamond in the rough. And by Diamond I mean, 138388383 karat princess cut whatever diamond. Yes, I'm serious.

Food 5/5
It's crazy. I'm reflecting on the meal as I type this but the food is legit. The maroush is better than Saads, which I previously reviewed, and it's just unreal. The chicken is marinated and so flavorful. We also ordered the chicken over rice, something I order frequently to test how good a middle eastern place is. They knock it out the park. (Also, if you like Halal Guys, you're a garbage human being with low standards) And we also ordered the Al Sham platter, which consisted of  3 different types of kabobs and a side of garlic sauce and hummus. The kabobs were cooked perfectly and flavorful and the rice was fluffy and aromatic. The hummus sucked, no sugar coating it.

Service 3/5
Something they can definitely improve. You don't have servers here but I didn't expect much from a place so close to North Philadelphia. Honestly any place off of Caster Avenues exit off 95 is super sketch. But it's not the worst.

Ambience 4/5
This one is tough. They divide the restaurant into two different spots. One side is a subpar eating area that's straightforward but the other dining hall is much more classier and inviting. The lighting is dim and it's nice. You'd take your main girl there. The side I ate on is where you'd take your side piece, not as nice but you're doing something.

All in all, I love this place. It beats damn near most of the places I previously liked so much in Philadelphia. Honestly, I've never been more satisfied from a Middle Eastern experience.
Eat your chicken over rice very carefully!!! I found way too many pieces of bone in mine. Now my tooth hurts. 
The chicken maroosh sandwich was pretty good tho.
The food is delicious. The lamb, rice, hummus and buffalo chicken wraps are my favorite. They even delivered during an ice storm and the food was still warm and delicious. If you are in the mood for tasty food, stop in or call for delivery.
I don't know if this place changed staff or management or what, but the portions are smaller, and the quality just isn't there. I ordered a chicken shawarma wrap and mozzarella sticks today. I order this weekly and it's always delicious. Today though? There was about half the usual filling in the shawarma and the mozzarella sticks went from fat battered ones to skinny breaded ones. I also ordered a slice of carrot cake, and it's about half the size as previous orders. Sadly, this will probably be my last order, as it's been declining quality and portions the last 3 orders I've had.
I always order from this place because it's close to my job and good food but a few times that I have ordered through grub hub they either forget my order or give it to someone else. I usually don't make a fuss but today I ordered for pickup hoping it would be ready in time since I was running late to work. I get to the store and ask for my order and the man at the register and women look like they seen a deer. They scramble around and finally tell me someone else took my order earlier. So I'm like ok you didn't think of making me a new one?  The man says it'll take 10 mins and not even apologizes. Of course I am pissed because now I am even later for work and I tell him and he ignores me. Great service. Not!  Finally my orders done and he says see I told u it'll take 10 mins i tell him that's not the issue the issue is u basically didn't think of making me a new order after you gave mine away and he tells me he doesn't care!  I was appalled that's not how you treat a customer. Besides the lack of proper service their food is always good but if I will be treated like that then goodbye!
Since relocating to the north east section of the city, I have been ordering from here for a few weeks. Amazing Middle Eastern Food. Always come quick and is still hot and fresh. It's never over cooked or over spiced which is great. Delivery guy is always pleasant and quick. Very authentic stuff just like "Sittie" use to make it.
I just ordered mixed taste and chicken kabob. Fast delivery however I got what I think is chicken tikka platter not the kabob. Why still 5 stars...well it was super fresh and yummy. I am glad they messed it up actually.
This is the OG Al-Sham Restaurant. Also their biggest location as well. They have an attached hookah bar/ dine in area that's private. This location can host a decent size party as well. My guess would be 50ish. Food is exceptional. Service is amazing! If you are in the northeast area stop by. Won't retreat it I promise. :)
I love the lamb chop over rice ! The food is really good .
They are horrible the food was not good at all the driver had a bad attitude.never go here this is not good customer service
I normally never have a problem with this place, but after today, I can promise that these guys will never get my business ever again. I ordered a cheeseburger and grape leaves. Besides the fact that it took almost an hour to recieve my food, they also put mayo on my burger. I am allergic to mayo and no where on the description did it say the burger comes with mayo. So I call them and they said they will make a new burger and send it out right away. Well after waiting for another 45 minutes, I called them up again and said forget it because I had to leave for work. The man on the phone then told me that it takes that long to make and he was also waiting to get another order in my area so the driver doesn't have to make 2 trips to the same area. That is outrageous! He then tried to make me feel bad because I said I can't wait any longer and I want a refund for my burger. Then after he argued with me on it, he said he would refund me and then he hung up on me. I have never been so put off by this place and I can guarentee that they will no longer be ordered from me ever again! And I will be sure to put this review on every site I can because they certainly do not deserve another dime from anyone else if this is how they treat their customers.
I got hooked on this place after discovering they made falafel wraps. So good. 
Personally, I love middle eastern food and I'm always willing to try something new. 

Yesterday, I tried their breakfast. It's definitely a more Americanized breakfast menu but I wanted to give it a shot.
I ordered an egg and cheese wrap with a side of home fries. The cheese inside the wrap was melty and delicious. Home fries had fried onions mixed in. Both really good. I was already full after eating half of the wrap. Everything was portioned well.

No matter what I order from Al-Sham, the order is always correct. Never had an issue with them. Employees are friendly and efficient. Our driver called us when he was at the door. 

Thanks for the great breakfast! :-)
I tried Al-Sham when they first opened and was very disappointed.  Years later I have decided to try them again.  Wow, I was very impressed.  We have tried several items from their menu and have decided that this will be one of our regular places to frequent.  We have ordered via Grubhub.com and ate on site.  They have a very nice quite dinning area next to the busy main walk-in area. I recommend their Falafel, Chicken Shawarma Long Sandwich, Kebabs, NY Combo (hot sauce is the hottest in the area) and Pizza.  We have been pleased every time.  Great service, delivery, restaurant atmosphere and food.
Pass the Baba ghanouj!

Went here recently and had a fantastic lunch of chicken schwerma and the aforementioned Baba ghanouj. My coworkers all got different dishes, with one literally getting a sampling of like 6 different bites. EVERYTHING got rave reviews. We left satisfied, and FULL.

This was my second time to Al-Sham. The first time I went, I noticed that the wait was a bit long for my chicken and rice platter. This time seemed to be a little bit quicker, but I was also in much less of a hurry. The staff were very nice and the price was fair. We have been planning a return trip, and when we do, I will definitely update my review.
First time ordering for takeout & I'm impressed! Very well seasoned & flavorful. Huge portions as well. Place is clean & staff is very nice. We'll definitely be returning for more! 

Ordered: Lamb Biryani- super tender chunks of lamb. New York Lamb & Chicken over rice- full of flavor & texture. Warning- red sauce is FIERY HOT! We asked for the sauces on the side & very happy we did. Chicken kabobs over yellow rice- Delicious charred, tender chicken breast cubes. Mixed appetizer plate- fresh & flavorful, tabouli salad is some of the best I've ever had, spinach pies were gone in seconds. Chicken & lamb shawarma- big & perfectly layered flavors. The pitas were huge & tender. Highly recommend!
Great atmosphere in the dining section! Food is amAzing  the Lamb Maroush and falafel are a MUSTTTTT
This is probably the best Arabic/Mediterranean food that I have tried. Best hummus you will find anywhere. Portions are huge. Amazing value for money. It's really a hidden gym, don't go by the exterior, food is really, really good. Appetizers are so goood! And Mixed Al Sham is just this amazing combination of lamb/chicken and rice that you will be left craving for more. 

Highly recommend this place!
What an amazing spot! My friend and I were in town for business and wanted some Halal food before we hit the road to go back home. What a treat this was! From the falafel to the lentil soup to the lamb and chicken combo and more! Not only was the food so delicious, but the service was so friendly and helpful. OH and it's such a good deal. Go check this place out!!
Fish was horrible. The food might be good for this area but definitely not authentic tasting. Dry kebabs, probably not fresh...
The only thing I have ever eaten here was the chicken shawarma. Their food is very good and they are quick. Big portions, reasonably priced and filling. Have to make a trip to Philly to get my fix sometime soon!
Food here is pretty good, not great. The hummus, falafel were standard, but flavorful.. Pita was thin, and could have been fresher/warmer. My mixed kofta kebab platter(beef & chicken)served over a bed of rice(asked for yellow, but got brown) was tasty and moist. Had a bit of onion-tomato gravy on it, and a nice creamy garlic sauce on the side.  They also have tahina, cucumber yogurt and spicy mint sauces which I would have liked to try, but cost extra. Did not care for the hot sauce, it had an odd off-putting flavor. The side salad sucked. My friend loved her NY chicken on rice, calling it "comfort food". 

The atmosphere is nice. When you walk in it looks like a pizza take out shop, but you are led into an adjoining room which is nicely decorated. A table full of hookahs come out later in the eve I suppose. The service was friendly and accommodating. You get a decent amount of food, but the prices seem a bit high. Overall it was a decent dining experience, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
I'm a born and raised New Yorker, I'm all about eating good hallal food. Ever since I moved to philly it's been extremely difficult for me to find some. All the food trucks here are absolutely gross, but this place was AMAZING! I was a little skeptical at first because I was positive that I was going to be disappointed once again, but NOPE not the case here the rice was cooked perfectly, the chicken was tender the red sauce was nice and spicy however the white sauce wasn't really nothing to scream about, but still good. The pita bread and hummus was delicious! My mother loved her food as well. I'm so glad I finally found this place, I will definitely be making weekly visits here!!
Food is decent, service is horrible. They "never" ask for your payment options as if they they want you to pay with cash. Now that is generally not a problem unless you don't have cash. This had happened 5 times and I was finally fed up and called up Al Sham suggesting that they should ask for payment options. The rude man who picked up started raising his voice blabbering that I should be the one telling them what payment options they prefer. I order a lot and I know for a fact that American restaurants normally asks the customer for the payment option. In addition, their lamb and rice occasionally gives me stomach aches. I believe their lamb is not fresh.
This is the first time I've tried Arabic style in Philly.
Although, I'm a big fan of Arabic Non Veg dishes, this one wasn't impress me.

We checked in around 5PM and have ordered Chicken Biryani, Chicken Shawarma and Tandoori Chicken.

Biryani was too oily and never felt like an Authentic one. Quantity and Quality was good.

Tandoori was a bluff. I believe it was not cooked in Tandoori Stove rather they fried it and served.
Bad option.

Finally, Chicken Shawarma was too good and best item to try and fill your tummy.

Overall, okay okay.. But not an ideal Arabic option.

May be good for Kababs. Will check next time.
First time trying the food out here and it won't be my last. My husband is a picky eater but after trying a bit if everything he loved it all. I ordered the NY chicken and rice, spinach pies and beef samosas. My total was a little over $20 and I have enough food for 2-3 people. The NY chicken and rice was very flavorful and tender, even better than the stands in NYC. Do yourself a favor and give this place a try, I'm so glad I did!!
This wasn't the absolute worst food I've ever had in my life

But

It was pretty bad.

I made the lengthy trek out to NE (Bustleton) in search of cheap, authentic, distinctive flavor.

On the recommendation of clearly demented, high-on-drugs yelpsters,  I ordered two items.  One was the spinach "pies."  For a mere $5.00, I got four, barely-bigger-than-a-silver-dollar "pies" that looked and tasted like doughy mini-samosas.  Scarcely any spinach had to die for this fraudulent appetizer.

For my main course I got a beef kofta (meatball) kebab platter.  I can't believe that anyone who calls themselves a chef would serve what I got.  It. Was. So. Dry.  It parched my throat instantly.  If I had made this at home, I would have thrown out my work.  Disgraceful.

Normally I would add a second star because they were hospitable and the place didn't seem obviously unclean.  However, the fact that this place currently has four stars is a gross felony against the truth.  This aggression will not stand, man.
We order out for pickup here at least a few times a month. Everything good from all we have ever tried. Always fresh and always delicious. The chicken kebob and chicken maroosh sandwiches are the top 2 choices for my seasoned belly. If looking for some help on what else to try then definitely get the "mixed taste" a little sample of their hummus, baba ganoush, falafel, and other little salads. A middle eastern gem in Northeast Philly!
I lived near Al-Sham for 10+years and can't believe I never stopped in to try the food! My first visit was for a birthday occasion and I ordered chicken kofta on a platter. It was delicious and just right, not too hot and spicy. I am not the person that clears their plate when going out to eat, but when I ordered the Al-Sham quesadilla it was a whole different story. Can't wait to get back and try more food! 

Didn't give 5 stars because service is slow, so I would definitely recommend ordering ahead of time.
I love this place. I order here often and usually get the grilled salmon and brown rice. Delicious and fresh tasting every time. Staff is very nice and always have my order ready when I arrive. Definitely the best halal restaurant in the area!
Skip this place!!! Food USED TO BE good. Horrible management team. No customer service skills at all. Extremely rude people!!! 

Here's my message to them from tonight's experience.... they blocked me from their Facebook because I left an honest review there as well. ‍


To manager and the owner of Al-Sham. 

We have been a customer of your restaurant for over 3 years now. Averagely, we order about 2-3 a month from your establishment. Tonight we had a nightmare experience with your restaurant. They forgot one platter wit our order so right away I contact you and spoke with a gentleman. I explained the situation and kindly told him to please send the platter as soon as possible. IT WAS FOR MY HARD WORKING husband who just got home hungry and he's waiting for dinner. 50 min after waiting 2nd time around still no food. This is ridiculous. I hope you see this review and I hope you contact me back. You know who I am!!!

**UPDATE**

Just now, I spoke with the manager. He's completely disrespectful. Piece of sh***t who has no customer service skills. I cursed him out and had to end the call. No way in the world this is how a longtime customer should be treated. Very low and
Classless management team!! I will make sure to leave more reviews because people need to know!!!!
Food were ok, nothing special! We ordered delivery. They delivered fast. However, my meat orders were cold. It seemed like, they took it out from frozen and microwaved it.
I order delivery from here at least once a week. The food is always fresh, cooked to perfection and super tasty. I've ordered different items and all are always good; but my fave is definitely the NY style chicken over rice. Highly recommend.
One of my favorite places! Everything is delicious. Highly recommend their omelets and NY chicken
This is my second trip in as many weeks. So far the Lamb Shawerma and Grilled Salmon platters are excellent. They have a diverse menu, the staff was friendly and efficient both times. They also sell a wide variety of Hookahs and Hookah supplies
Al-Sham is one of my top spots for some quick middle eastern food. The service is always great!
I recently ordered the chicken and rice platter.  It is a very large portion, but it is not good as the ones you get from the carts in NY or Philly.  Plus, it's more expensive than the carts.  

Very decent middle eastern food.  The chicken maroosh wasn't as good as I expected.  It was a bit on the salty side, bread got soggy quickly, and the sauce wasn't as flavorful/well-rounded.  Plus, there were no onions, so it was kind of one dimensional with the chicken and bread.  The falafel on the other hand, was FANTASTIC!  One of the best falafels I have had in Philadelphia,  Perfectly fried, garlicky with a hint of spice on the inside.  You don't need any sauce, just eat them by itself.  Very delicious.  Portions sizes are very good and great price.
Al-Sham has 3 Philly locations and just opened a fourth in the Willow Grove are.
I love the chicken & veggie Samosas.  They have a thin & crispy outer crust; just how I prefer my Samosas.
The chicken Tikka Masala is tasty as well but the rice is always on the dry side. PSA: use the sauces!
