Since I'm living in West Philly I never thought I would ever consider making the effort to hop on the trolley for another Ethiopian Restaurant. after all I'm living in Philly's mecca of Ethiopian food! But I stopped in Almaz to give their Hot Chocolate a try, and I might just be tempted to become a turncoat. 

I made note of it's inexpensive food options, and it's superior coffee varieties. And If I didn't stop in for brunch at a spot earlier I would have definitely stuck around longer to try them out. But the service here was unbelievable. the people who worked there really had a lasting knowledge of who a lot of their customers were (Soon I will be among them). and made a point to keep anyone satisfied even if they were 
just stopping in for a cup of coffee on the go. The hot chocolate was amazing. It might just be the best I've had in Philly (need to hit up Cafe Pier One again just to double check).

so to recap amazing service, inexpensive Ethiopian food, and incredible coffee options. throw in the free Wi-Fi, and sweet looking balcony spot that they have going and I'm sold!
I was pleasantly surprised when, pressed for time one day, I poked my head into Almaz Cafe to check out the menu.  Enticed by the vegetarian options on their Ethiopian menu I stayed for a quick lunch.

The owner was incredibly friendly when I explained that I didn't have a  lot of time.  He assured me that my food would not take long to prepare.  I had a seat and surveyed the interior while waiting for my food.  The bright green walls and modern metal accents and bi-level construction give the space a warehouse like feel, yet it is small and intimate.

My food arrived shortly and I was impressed with the size of the dish.  The flavors were simple and fresh and just plain good.  The Injera was thin, spongy, and just the right amount of sour.  

When I asked for my food to be wrapped up, I was offered more bread to take with me.  Getting offered more food to go is unheard of, but much appreciated.  Everyone there was incredibly friendly, with good solid food in a very casual atmosphere.  I will be coming here again.
Okay, so this review is going to be a little biased for two reasons.
1) I live a block away from this place, so it's unfairly easy for me to enjoy it's amenities.  
2) The owner seems like a cool, right and just guy who deserves to be successful in an industry largely populated by sturdy and cannibalistic corporate high profit institutions. 

Salomon, the owner, after giving me some history of the place, spent 15 minutes helping me figure out that I typed the password for the wireless internet wrong.  Apparently getting a bachelors degree in technology did not ensure that I would be able to correctly differentiate between capital and lowercase letters.  Shoulda gone for the masters.

The atmosphere here is stunning. There is unique lighting, a second floor that overlooks the first floor, and art that adds to the environment, but not in that unauthentic selected-by-computer-to-increase-bottomline starbuck's way.  

The coffee is good, and Salomon, is a genuine and open guy.  He explained to me how he quit his job to set this place up.  I respect anyone who quits their job to follow what they want, because that's what I did.  Or would have done had I not been fired first.  Whatever.  My way was faster.

Ite, so that's it.  The music of choice seems to be chill jazz, and the place is open till 10 on the weekdays, which is pretty late for a place that just opened 2 weeks ago.  I really hope it does well...

Come check it.  

Peace

Update:

After coming here for over a year, this is my favorite coffee shop ever.  No matter where you go you'll eventually get bored of the drink or the food, or the environment, but here, the owners are so friendly and cool, you won't get bored of the company!  Furthermore, friendly people attract other friendly people, so you'll find lots of people who don't mind chatting here.  
5 stars

Yet another update:

Just discovered something new:
Ask for a Muffin, sliced and toasted.  This is the best thing ever.  Muffins will never be the same.  Try it

Update again:

How many years has it been?  This place is still awesome. I just want to add that the Chicken Curry plate and the Beef Curry plate are my favorite dishes here. Delicious, spicy (but not too spicy), filling.  That is all.
the crappiest thing about this place was sitting down, looking at the menu, and spending a good twenty minutes not being able to decide whether i wanted to order from the breakfast menu or the ethiopian menu. i eventually settled on some pancakes, which were really good, but i had total plate envy of my friend's vegetarian sampler. the staff is crazy nice, they play awesome ethiopian jazz on the stereo, and the coffee is super good and comes in properly large cups. yay for these guys.
Almaz has been hitting the mark every time that I've made the effort to set foot in it. And since Rittenhouse Square is my prime summer location it's been happening quite a lot. I honestly do have to say that it's pretty amazing that their service and prime attention to detail never seems to falter. 

Wow I could give an unnecessary amount of props to it's incredible Ethiopian eats, I feel that it's not needed since it's already been covered plenty of times over. So instead I'll give it up to things like the incredible turkey wrap that I had the last time I was here. it's hard to go with such items when you check out all of their diverse offerings. but in the end I decided to give it a shot as a reverse curiosity, and it delivered. and we're talking a delivery of a plentiful portion of meat, plenty of veggies, delicious cheese, a side of chips, and a side of these cookies that were sort of like chocolate graham crackers. Toss in the great coffee that I had and I might just need to do reverse curiosity more often!
Dining experience for 6/29/14.

You know when you have really, really good food. And you also know when you have just mediocre food. Well, it's sad to say Almaz was just mediocre on this visit and I was so looking forward to good Ethiopian food.

Let's start with some positives. Outside seating is always a plus no matter what. Several small bistro tables line the front of the cafe. Friendly staff who were attentive  and accomodating.

Now for the rest of the story, the injera was cold and tasteless. Can't quite put my finger on it not sure if it was made hours before or a day previously but let's just say I've had much better. The vegetable combination, had a colorful and festive presentation. Exciting the eyes to get ones mouth salivating. However, the dish just lacked flavor. The cabbage and lentils were palatable. I was disappointed that my desire did not meet satisfaction this time.

Not sure I will let this one visit taint my perception, may give them a second chance sometime in the future.
First of all, thank you fellow yelpers.  I work about 2 blocks away from this place and have never even thought about going in for lunch because I just assumed that they didn't really serve food.  Obviously I should be a little more observant.  Not only do they have food but they have relatively cheap Ethiopian food.  I got the Foule.  Delicious.  Large portion.  

I also really enjoyed the service and decor.  It seems kind of crazy to give any place a five star rating based on one visit but I plan to go back there often and I am pretty confident that it will hold up.
The way to Vivian's heart is through Africa, by way of Ethiopian cuisine. I have yet to physically make it to Ethiopia (I will sooner or later), but my stomach has definitely been spoiled by all the good Ethiopian food that has made its way to the US. Because there are large pockets of Ethiopian and Eritrean immigrants here in the US, I feel so lucky to be able to eat this food right here on the East Coast. 

Almaz Cafe serves many things here, so whatever your fancy, you can definitely find something yummy here. They serve up fresh Ethiopian coffee and you will not be disappointed once you have your first sip. The menu was interesting, as they serve up everything including coffee, pastries, smoothies, ice cream, desserts, wraps and yes Ethiopian food also!

We opted to sit upstairs and while it is a bit high up and could be challenging for staff to make it up here, we had no complaints on service. We were greeted by friendly staff with big smiles. 

I opted for the vegetarian sampler and my companion had the Keye Wot (beef stew). My vegetarian sampler was excellent, and it came with 6 different veggie dishes including Misir, Gomen, Shiro, Kik-Alchia and a few other surprises. The beef stew was also well cooked and we both finished our meal with nothing left on our plates. 

A very relaxing place in the heart of Philly to enjoy excellent Ethiopian food. I will definitely come back here when I am in Philly again. Thanks Almaz Cafe for a wonderful New Year's Day lunch.
Came here with a couple of friends for dinner. I don't eat a lot of Ethiopian food; this was my second time, but it's always a fun experience. I do agree that the injera tastes sour but I also don't know what authentic injera tastes like. Between the 4 of us, we had the vegetarian combo, the doro wat (chicken stew) and yebege aleche (curry lamb cubes). The food was fine but service was top notch. The owner and the staff were very nice and hospitable; they kept refilling our waters and checking on us. If you want to make reservations, they're not on opentable so just call in advance. It's BYOB but keep in mind there's a $5 corking fee.
A true gem for vegetarians -- and their omnivorous companions -- in Rittenhouse Square! 

Almaz is like a chameleon.  They serve up serious Turkish coffee during the morning commute, American style wraps for the working lunch crowd, and deliver an authentic menu of Ethiopian delights for those in-the-know.  I'm not an expert on Ethiopian cuisine, but I am always extremely satisfied with Almaz's vegetarian sampler platter.  The dish has a beautiful array of colors, and the portion size is enough for two meals.  The injera is tangy and chewy with enough holes to sop up all the juices of your meal.  

The dine-in space is tiny and the second floor dining area presents some accessibility issues, but if you're lucky enough to snag a seat you're in for a treat.  Friendly owners and staff will help guide you through the menu if you're unfamiliar with Ethiopian food.  Perfect for a solo night out, or a gab fest with your besties.  I always appreciate the atmosphere here -- the smaller space feels intimate and is perfect for catching up with friends.
Wow, I'm pretty impressed.

I got the vegetarian combination. I could not get over how good it was. Had a hot cup of the Yirgacheffe with it. Not the best Yirgacheffe I've ever had, but it was a nice compliment to the meal. (I think my standards for coffee are higher than my standards for food. This food was way above standard. The coffee could use some room for improvement.)

Friendliest service one could ever hope for. So kind and courteous.

The only thing more I could ask for would be to have Mulatu providing the soundtrack to my next meal here. After factoring in the cost of flying him and his band in from Ethiopia, that might make for an expensive meal. I think it'd be worth it. Please PM me if you'd like to sponsor this event.
Solid Ethiopian place a few blocks from Rittenhouse square, which is great since I feel that overall the ethnic food options in the nearby area is a bit lacking. It's never been too busy, so it's easy to find a seat. I've been 3 times, and between two people, we often share two items. My go-tos are the Doro Tibs (chicken breast) and Vegetarian combo! The Injera is nice and spongy, and not too sour in my opinion though some other people have commented on that. Although I've had better Ethiopian (Dukem in the DC area), this is a reliable option if you are craving Ethiopian in the area! Prices are a touch on the higher side, but the portions are decent!
Last night at the Almaz Cafe, I had my first taste of Ethiopian food.  I was not disappointed in the least.  From the exterior you may not realize that it is more than a cafe or icecream shop, but the food was delicious.  They even had specialty Ethiopian tea (which was delightfully aromatic) and coffee.
Guys, I had a rough day. I had to think long and hard about how to turn it around. So I went searching and landed on Almaz Cafe. 

From the outside, it don't look like much but the inside triggers a smile. Bright green paint patched with shiny tin panels. Super modern, super huge light fixture. Non-pretentious tables and chairs. Friendly employees.

The menu is eclectic: American breakfast and lunch items, ice cream, espresso, Ethiopian platters. Anyone who orders a turkey and cheese sandwich here has no sense of adventure.

Rough days call for a break from the mundane. My first bite of Ethiopian foule (spiced beans smashed with tomatoes, onions and peppers accompanied by a side of sour cream, vinegar-tinged pancake-textured bread and turmeric-hued cabbage) was just what I needed and when it was gone I wanted more. 

If it didn't take so long to prepare (really, it was only 15 minutes but I was stressin'!) I would have ordered another. Next time I'll call ahead, as the pleasant guy behind the counter suggested.
What every cafe should be. What I wish every cafe would be. 

Amazing service. My boyfriend and I concluded that these may be the friendliest people we've ever met. In. our. lives. 

Amazing food. Get a little adventurous and go straight to the Ethiopian section of the menu. The vegetarian combo is such an extreme delight of a huge variety of flavors, techniques - hot, cold, spicy, subtle - this plate has everything you could ever want. Warm, filling, and perfect for a cold day. 

Love that they have the option of getting straight up breakfast food and a number of great, non-Ethiopian options. 

Coffee and tea made with love. 

Wifi. Comfortable seating upstairs and downstairs. The whole place screams to come in, stay awhile.
"Hey, Merlin. C, where should I go, what should I do in Philly?"

When I give them "Priority A," what do I say?

The Liberty Bell?
Penn's Landing?
The Art Museum?
Rittenhouse Square?
The African-American Museum?
The Mutter Museum?
The Italian Market?

NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO.

Those are Priority B.

Priority A is... ALMAZ!!! Hands down the best Ethiopian food on the East Coast that I've had, maybe even all of America!!!! It's this non-descript looking shop that you can easily just mistake for an ice cream and sandwich shop -- they serve that, too -- if you pass too quickly. The ethiopian food is amazing, though. I usually always have the firfir when I'm back in Philly, or a doro wat (chicken/egg thing). 

What I like -- goddamn it, I'm trying to type a review at 10:20 PM and some guy outside keeps honking like crazy, take a chill pill dude, it's not happening, the guy isn't moving -- OK, anyway, what I like about Almaz is they don't skimp on portions unlike many Ethiopian places, and they are totally cool with fusing and mixing and matching dishes for "custom" combos. I've never met nicer restaurant owners. 

The owners are actually pretty interesting. I think they came to the United States maybe 6 years ago or so and worked as hotel workers for a while before starting their own business. I think it will be there for a long time. When I go to Philly, I say to myself, "Liberty What?" "Constitution something something? And I go here instead. YUMMY!
Almaz is a small family-owned coffee house/cafe and Ethiopian restaurant. First off, everything is delicious, the place always smells of some amazing omelet or coffee or beef dish. The man and woman who own and work the cafe are two of the most gracious people I've ever met, and they truly work hard to make their customers feel welcome and taken care of. 

They have only a handful of Ethopian dishes, but they are all amazing and I prefer them hands down to any of the West Philly Ethopian places. The fir fir is my favorite.
A confusing place is this a coffeehouse or an Ethiopian restaurant? It doesn't know, and having a dining room upstairs, and a coffee bar downstairs dilutes the atmosphere even further. I simply don't know what to order. A bagel or something ethnic? The two sides of the menu don't overlap, so I end up ordering nothing. Why Why Why does this place have to be so freaking difficult to decipher?
Thank goodness Yelp pointed me to this place. I needed a food-serving coffee shop with free wifi to get my work done and fill up my belly.

Almaz doesn't look like much on the outside, as other Yelpers have attested. Even inside, it's nothing too special. They have a nice upstairs balcony where the heat is on full force. With the hot food and hot air I was sweating like a beast.

Regardless, this place totally gets 5 stars because I love it. The woman working there (who might have been the owner?) was so nice. She was like the mom of the place. She even carried the food we ordered up the stairs to us.

So I got the Yelp-famous Ethiopian Veg Combo. Oooh, yum. Yelpers were right, it was just the right amount of food. And delish. I also ordered a large mocha w/ whipped cream. It was filled to the brim and just so good. My bf got the chicken wrap and said it was tasty.

The only complaint I have about this place is the lack of outlets. My computer eventually ran out of juice and I couldn't find a place to plug it in. :(

Still... 5 stars. Definitely 5 stars.
Mizzle; a combination of drizzle and mist.... My girl was uncomfortable b/c it was mizzling out, a bit cold, and windy - out in the middle of may. I told her her it wasnt so cold out and dinner at this lil ethiopian restaurant would be cool. Now we'd alreadt walked a few blocks around the Almaz and I couldnt find the place. But as it turns out, we had walked right by it, even with our eyes were peeled. So we get into the cafe, see the only dude behind the counter, go upstairs and take a 4-top. Mind you there are only 2 four tops upstairs and a few stools for the mostly quiet internet cafe surfers/loungers - Some rasta kept playing his tunes out loud w/o headphones until the barista/server/host asked him to chill. Downstairs where the entrance is there are 3 four tops and more stools.  Once we got the menu we had to decide: chicken, lamb or beef, and what vegetables. Well, me being the taste glutton that, I am coerced my girl to ordering the chicken and beef dishes with vegetable sampler to join. The food arrived and we were stoked. Conversation halted and ethiopian bread stuffed with lentils, cabbage and chicken sent me into my much desired food euphoria. So all in all I suggest dinner for two, at min, get the vegetable sampler (until you've decided on a favorite veg dish), and the chicken (if you're a meatarian).  The beef was good just didnt hit my spot like the pollo did. Next time I go which will be soon, I'm getting the lamb and I'll report back.  Post meal I also had an espresso......ever had a greek coffee? Well, I think Ethiopian coffee is a term that should be coined- that espresso picked me up from my food coma and sent my right back into study mode.    Groups are okay if you call ahead and arent larger than say...6. The barista/host/waiter dude couldnt be nicer.
First, I stopped in just for coffee when they opened.  I was so excited to find Ethiopian food on the menu in my neighborhood!  The owners were friendly and sweet.  I went back on a weekend morning and found a chef in the middle of the TINY restaurant cooking omelettes to order over a portable burner.  It was a little strange but fun.  I got breakfast and it was okay.

Finally went back recently for Ethiopian dinner.  I got the vegetarian combo, and it was delicious.  It was my favorite Ethiopian food in Philly so far, and I'm a BIG fan of the cuisine.  Surprisingly, our food came rather quickly despite all the tables being filled and only one person waiting tables and handling the register.

It's a small space and not fancy, but it's great for a casual meal with friends or for hanging out alone.  I don't have a laptop, but I suppose the wifi is a plus if you do.

UPDATE: the owners, Solomon & Almaz, are incredibly friendly.  I found out that if you make plans in advance, they'll do traditional Ethiopian coffee.  My friends and I had a great time watching Almaz roast coffee beans for us and make amazingly delicious coffee.

further update: I think our experience made them realize the space is too small for traditional Ethiopian coffee.  But I SO appreciate that they accommodated us.  The restaurant is really a labor of love for them.  They worked hard to find a way to serve fresh food (not sitting in a steam table all day) without making customers wait an hour, as is the case with most Ethiopian food.  Solomon also gave us an education on injera.  Turns out many places skimp on the teff, but at Almaz they don't.    That's great, because teff is REALLY good for you.
This place is an incredible find thanks to yelp! I'm not a fan of west Philly, but have been really wanting some Ethiopian food to try for the first time. 

At first, this place looks like a simple cafe until you read the menu. From what I've read it's a husband/wife ownership and I'm assuming the super sweet woman who helped us was the wife. We ordered the vegetarian platter and one other thing, to which I can't recall the name because it was her suggestion. We were brought heaps of food and could have easily shared the platter, everything tasted super fresh and healthy to beat. I didn't try one thing that I hated, which not knowing anything about ethiopian was A+ for me. 

This is a new staple in my rotation of restaurants to frequent.
Good place to hang out, have some coffee, use your laptop and do some work without being bothered. I'm not sure what coffee they brew, but it is strong and well made and so are their espresso based drinks. 3 stars only because the space is kind of cramped... whenever I walk up or down the stairs, I feel like I'm about to fall off of it.
Solid 2.5 stars!

Never a good sign when you walk into a restaurant and there's no one dining there. 

Pros: Clean restaurant, 2 story so lots of seatings available, fast service. 

Cons: injera was too sour, to a point where it's inedible. Chicken stew was decent but chicken was dry and over cooked. Vegetarian platter wasn't good, bland. The food came out too quick, not a good sign. 

Overall, I expected so much from this place. I love Ethiopian cuisine and dine in one in my hometown but this was far from perfection.
This is the best Ethiopian food in Philly, hands down. The vegetarian sampler, as everyone else on yelp has attested, is amazing. The Ethiopian coffee is amazing as well. I didn't ever want to leave.  The owner, Solomon, is so nice and down to earth. He's running a great business. The only thing that bothered me was that it was kind of cold outside, but the temperature inside was REALLY hot, so we were sweating while eating. It didn't matter because the food was THAT good. I'm obsessed.
When I think about it Almaz and little cartoon birds with rolls of injera in their mouth start flying around my head.

I don't come here on a daily basis or anything, more like every other week, but it's my favorite place to pick up dinner on nights when I'm on my own after work. Here's my ritual. I call in my order from my desk at 4:45. At 5pm I leave my office and walk four blocks to Almaz. I pick up and pay and then walk another four blocks to the bus. I exit the bus about 15 to 25 minutes later and then I walk three blocks to my apartment, where I put on my jammies, unpack my veggie combo, grab a sparkling water, put on my glasses, turn on the TV and enter a fugue state in which I eat about two-thirds of the contents of the styrofoam container housing the vegetarian combo. Afterwards, I use the provided moist toilette to clean off my hands and then drift into a food coma while watching COPS.

The food here is really good, seriously. So is the iced coffee, so is the sevice, so is the ambiance, so is the everything. Another five stars.
Re: Drew S.
The menu offers meat dishes.

I'm going to try their meat dishes next time.  My husband and I went in to try their yelp-famous vegetarian sampler and left very happily.  To quote my husband, 'It was so good that I ate to full capacity.. an additional few more bites and I would have thrown up."  Solomon is very nice, too!  Thoroughly impressive.
I love, love, love Almaz Cafe. This is one of my favorite places in Center City, and one of only two (that I know of) where you can get Ethiopian without going to West Philly. It is close to Rittenhouse Square and easily walkable from University City, too.

I have eaten here countless times for weekend lunches and weeknight and weekend dinners. I've eaten there on my own or with groups of friends. I have only had items from their Ethiopian menu and their coffee, which is excellent, and on nearly every occasion, we have been able to walk right in. Once, when we were a larger group of 5 people, we did call ahead to reserve a table upstairs and brought in some wine to have with our huge shared platter of food. 

Usually we have ordered Veggie Combos, and at other times, I have ordered Doro Wat, Zilzil Tibs, or the lamb tibs.  I think it compares favorably with other Ethiopian restaurants where I've eaten around the country. 

Most of the complaints I see here and about Ethiopian restaurants in general have to do with misunderstandings about injera. Injera is not a side of garlic toast, it is not a biscuit, it is not pita pocket, and it is NOT hot naan straight out of the tandoor. It has denser nutrition, is more expensive to produce than a slice of bread, and is routinely served at room temp. When at Almaz, we have never gone away hungry, and the folks who run this place have always provided a reasonable amount of injera. In the past, I have witnessed friends and family members who have unwisely scarfed too much injera at an Ethiopian meal and experienced a feeling like Thanksgiving bloat (x 10).  Injera is basically a miracle food, and as such, should not be trifled with. It expands and is intensely filling, and not like a dinner roll. I think this is why it shouldn't really be treated as Americans would treat bread.  Injera is not really bread--it is your eating utensil, your plate AND a complete nutrition system in itself!  Trust the folks at Almaz, they know how much injera you need and how to serve it. 

This place wouldn't normally work for groups larger than 5, because there are only a few tables. This keeps the place the low-key, quiet, and relaxing space it is, which is just another thing that makes it great. I've never encountered large, loud tables of complaining, entitled students here (shhhh, don't tell them!).

So, I couldn't be happier than when I'm at Almaz. The food is great, the people who run the place are super friendly, and the atmosphere is cafe-like and low-key. This is one of Philly's greatest secrets, if you ask me!
I love this place. When you turn the corner from Walnut onto 20th you can smell it already; they have great Ethiopian food. It's really not fair to be honest.  There are days I don't want to eat Ethiopian. I want sushi or something.  But sushi doesn't have the whole side of the street smelling of tasty tasty heaven. 
Oh and they have great smoothies.  I don't drink coffee but they have no shortage of people there to drink it. It smells good.
The couple that owns it are two of the nicest people I've ever had the pleasure of meeting and they are completely deserving of continued success.
I couldn't understand why Almaz Cafe kept popping up on my Yelp homepage. "Why do they want me to write another review?" I thought. "Wasn't my original one enthusiastic enough?" I was sure that I'd already sung the praises of this spot, one of my local favorites. 

Oops. 

This is a hidden gem for Ethiopian food. Portions are generous and prices are very reasonable. I much prefer the atmosphere here to the Ethiopian spots in West Philadelphia (not to mention this spot is steps from my doorstep, bonus!). The owners are incredibly sweet and nice and if you stop in more than once they will remember you. My absolute favorite thing to order is the tikil gomen, a vegetarian stew of cabbage, carrots, and potato. It's usually served as a side dish with the non-vegetarian entrees, but I always ended up wanting more! Speaking of the options for the more carnivorously-oriented, the firfir and zilzil tibs are my favorites. Don't worry about pronouncing the names right, they won't judge. Most dishes are served with a side of tikil gomen and lentiils, and very generous portions of injera. Mmm. 

As the name would suggest, this is also a cafe. Downstairs there are some small tables and a window bar where you can people-watch, and there is an upstairs area that overlooks downstairs and is usually pretty empty. The wi-fi is free! And the coffee is delicious.
This review is for breakfast:

Ethiopian iced coffee - delicious.

Simple eggs and toast- delicious.

Total cost of my meal - delicious.

Friendly guy working - delicious.

Cute place - delicious.


I'll have to come back for dinner!
Decent Ethiopian food, but not astounding.  The injera was overwhelmingly sour, which threw off the whole meal.  The lentils were good, but the other vegetables tasted more or less the same.  The night we went it was a bit short staffed, so we walked downstairs and paid at the counter.  Overall, wouldn't go back again.
I definitly enjoyed my first ethiopian experience.  I had the chicken stew as recommended and i loved it.  The chicken was tender and i loved the sauces.  My friend had the vegetarian dish and it was DELICIOUS too.  Will definitly go back.  I loved this place b/c the coffee is great TOO!!! good food, good coffee .. wat else can you ask for !
I have this relentless paranoia, with tiny places like Almaz, that they're on the verge of going out of business at any moment. I'm sure it isn't true (if their rabid yelp fanbase is any indication), but this isn't a rational fear, OK?

Please go to Almaz and allay my fears! It is an outstanding Ethiopian restaurant! (Do not be discouraged by the fact that it is wearing an incongruous coffee shop costume!) Should I really re-sing the praises that are all over this page? The food is ridiculously delicious and an amazing bargain, plus vegetarian-friendly. The owners are delightful and deserve your business, so go give them some, please!
Just happened to park next to this place and noticed it. Ethiopian food has been a recent discovery of mine. I had to try it. 

Simply put it was excellent. The doro (chicken) tibs were tender with a great flavor without being overpowering. Everything else from the injera bread to the sides were of good quality as well. 

I'm a big fan of Ethiopian coffee now and the iced coffee here is very worthy of its reputation. 

I've been to a few Ethiopian restaurants in the city now. This is probably my second favorite. But it's a very high second. Maybe 1.5. I'd recommend it to anyone wanting to try this food. 

And the people running it were very nice. Support the small businesses in Rittenhouse. It's more fun for me to get a meal at a place like this than it is to go to the trendy spots.
After being dragged to Almaz by Erin F. and Stephen S., I am finally willing to admit  that I like Ethiopian food.

Almaz is amazing. The staff is always really nice and really accommodating, the food is great and really reasonably priced for the portions. They also have sandwiches and wraps for the less adventurous eater, but why go to Almaz for anything but Ethiopian?

While I am not a vegetarian, I haven't tried any of the meat dishes here. The veggie stuff is so good!

I definitely recommend sharing dishes.
My review of Almaz is a bit biased since I'm reviewing it as a gluten free person. They were the only Ethiopian restaurant in Philly that I called that understood what gluten was and offered to serve me the veggie combo over rice. 

Although it is not the best Ethiopian I've ever had, I really like the casual vibe and friendliness of the place. I don't think of Ethiopian as the type of food where you can pop in for a bite and this is that sort of space, hence the "cafe" in the name I guess. It's a good option for lunch for sure.
This place is a phenomenal value. Within a 1-mile radius of Rittenhouse square, it's about the only place where you can get a really good meal for $10 a plate.

My favorite dishes are the vegetarian sampler (recommended by every other yelper) and the spicy, semi-raw steak tartar. Among the non-Ethiopian dishes, the Greek salad is huge and really good. 

Every time I've come here, the service has been lightning-fast and very cheerful. The owner/chef is a delight. By all means go!
Wow. I had lunch at Almaz today and was thoroughly impressed. I had passed by the place numerous times before but hadn't realized they served Ethiopian food! 

There were three of us and we were pretty stuffed after eating two of the vegetarian entrees together. I was a little bit surprised by the lack of spiciness for Ethiopian food but what it lacked in spice was made up in flavor. 

The latte I had with lunch was excellent and if I hadn't been so full after the meal I would have tried the ice cream! I enjoyed the colorful decor and the small loft-style dining area. The gentleman working there was great, I believe he is actually the owner. Highly Recommended!
To add to the barrage of 5-star reviews, both staff we met were extremely solicitous, friendly, and helpful.  We were only in there for about 1/2 hour for lunch and were offered two refills of water-- and we were in the less-accessible upstairs part of the restaurant.

The food was excellent, and we each had different favorites from the vegetarian sampler.  I'm not in the neighborhood that often, but I definitely will suggest it in the future.

Does anyone know if the Ethiopian menu is entirely vegetarian?
ditto what the other five-star-givers said.  I just had dinner here with a friend and we were greeted warmly, and they didn't hestiate to let us sit outside!  I feel like my friend and I served as an advertisement for the restaurant by sitting outside too because people passing by kept looking over at our food--which was amazing!  We both got the vegetarian sampler and cleaned our plates; I was very satisfied without feeling heavy, which I think is a good sign of quality cooking.  

Almaz is definitely disguised as a mere coffeehouse, but don't let that fool you.  Having been to Abyssinia in west philly and getting quality Ethiopian food only after enduring the snotty, rude, and sloooowww service there, I can honestly say that for any center-city denizens, there is no excuse to pass up Almaz if you're craving ethiopian.  no compromises at this gem of a place--It's quality Ethiopian food AND very personable, genuine, and timely service!

(as an addendum--I've come here several more times for dinner and the service/food are still just as great as the first.  I also came in once for sunday breakfast--I had a mad pancake craving but no energy to make them at home--and their pancakes were delicious and HUGE....I only barely got through half the plate!  is there ANYTHING they don't do well here???)
I've had Ethiopian food in DC, New York, and South Africa, and I can safely say this was the best injera I've ever had.  It's not too sour, while still very sponge-y and textured.  It compliments the deliciously flavorful food.

My friend and I shared the Firfir (beef cubes) and the vegetable combo and it was all great.  My only complaint was that the beef was a bit tougher than I would have liked, but the sauce it was cooked in was excellent.  The vegetable combo is great to share.  You get a sampling of five different veggie dishes (collard greens, lentils, split peas, mixed legumes, and potato cabbage) which all have unique and wonderful tastes.

The servers were very friendly and filled up our water promptly and asked several times about our food.

I will definitely be heading back to try more of the food - they had a lamb special that sounded amazing.
On the coattails of my dear friend Stephen S.'s five-star review of Almaz Cafe - wow. Delicious. 

I have passed by Almaz many times, on my way home or on my way to look at the kitties in the window of the pet shop on 20th (if I'm having a rough work day, seeing some kittens can turn things around - QUICK). I knew they served Ethiopian food, but after my boyfriend's lackluster experience with an Ethiopian chicken dish at one of our neighborhood haunts, I was hesitant. But after browsing Almaz's website and menu online, I thought I would drop in. Originally, I planned to get their fresh berry salad but after reading the reviews on, I decided to try something heartier and treat myself to a decent lunch since I'm having an otherwise KILLL MEEEEE kind of day. Damn the dieting torpedoes!

I ordered an iced coffee after seeing the picture of the giant glass it's served in on their website and the Foule. I sat upstairs in the loft by myself and read the new issue of SHAPE. The friendly, sweet man working there (who is, as everyone else pointed out, the owner) brought my food up to me and I went wild. I made it through 1 of the enjera and about half of the Foule and have plenty left for dinns later tonight. The Foule is served piping hot and I took a generous pinch between some bread and shoved it deep in my mouth (that's what she said) and burnt the back of my tongue. Ouch!

My meal was delicious, hearty, and very filling. And it tasted and felt relatively healthy, too. The service was great and their selection of food, beverages, and other accoutrement was quite large. I love the decor and the ambiance here and the loft is comfortable and quiet. 

I give Almaz five stars and I give myself one star for SCALDING the back of my tongue on some otherwise absolutely delicious food.
Best Ethiopian food in Philly!  Almaz is always fresh, delicious and full of flavor. I have had the vegetarian platter as well as several of the individual vegetarian dishes.  Each has been so delightful.  The Injera is warm and fresh out of the oven.  The women at the restaurant are so nice and accommodating.  For takeout they wrap the container so well that it can withstand any trip home!
After YEARS of walking by and not stopping in (even after reading great - and not so great reviews on yel) I popped in for a quick take out Iced Ethiopian Yrgecheffe coffee.

Soooooo delicious and a roasty-toasty (but not burnt tasting) flavor.

Friends truly don;t let friends drink Charbucks.

Well worth the $2.40 including tax.

Can't wait to come back for a proper Ethiopian meal.
A hidden gem and one of my favorite spots in the city. Whether you go for the traditional Ethiopian fare, a sandwhich wrap, or the garden omelette, it's the best comfort food in the hood. The vegetable combo even has my meat-eating friends coming back for more. Great coffee and fresh sqeezed orange juice too. And the hospitality can't be beat!
Quaint little cafe that my friends and I almost walked past, but I'm glad we didn't! 

I didn't ask for much but man oh man, I got plenty!! I ordered a coffee milkshake... from first sip, I'm head over heels for it! The milkshake doesn't come dressed up with fancy whip cream but it's worth the $5 off taste alone.
After leaving DC, i have to say that I miss good Ethiopian food a lot. Almaz definitely makes me miss DC less. You don't have as much variety on the menu as you would at an authentic DC restaurant, but this place does do a pretty good job. I highly recommend it if you are craving some injera and red lentils.
You walk in and you're not really sure what you're looking at, but you know you like it. A sort of mix of green walls, metal, dangling things from the ceiling and newsboy counters at the front and in the upper tier. It has a vibe matches more low-key "hipper" areas of Philly. Don't expect a lot of space to sprawl out though.
Oh my. What to say? Incredibly friendly and great food. They even brought us extra (at no charge) of one of the sampler items because they saw we liked it so much.
My very first time eating Ethiopian food. 
And I was not disappointed. Everything the had  a good spicy flavor. 

The chicken was tender and tasted fresh.

I'm not crazy about the bread, maybe I'm just not use to the texture is very strange and I'd imagine they be warm and not so cold.
Though I lived in the land of Ethiopian options (West Philly), Almaz is my favorite Ethiopian in the city. Take out is our favorite option as well. Almaz (the owner) is a lovely individual and has always provided a warm, inviting environment. We love you Almaz! Love, Eddie & Sam.
I hate to write a bad review of this place, but...

I've been here about three times and although the staff/owners are unbelievably sweet, the coffee and ambiance just aren't up to par.
This was my first experience with Ethiopian food and man oh man, it was amazing.  The portions were huge and there were a lot of choices.  I couldn't explain it or compare it to any other cuisine except to say that it was well seasoned with exotic spices.

The man that helped me was extremely polite, and informed me of my choices.  I had a delicious blueberry smoothie and a great cup of coffee.  Everything was so good, I tipped way beyond what I normally would, and the guy shook his head and tried to give it back!  He was probably the owner, but I refused to take it back... I don't care if he owns the place, the service and food was so good he deserved a tip!
The food, while over-priced for takeout, is very good. I love the food, but usually get indian food or something similar elsewhere because it's more affordable. Two vegetarian platters will cost you about $28. It's not really a place that you want to sit and eat dinner because it's small and not very atmospheric. I will definitely go here again when I get a craving for Ethiopian food, but it would be nicer if the food was better priced OR the atmosphere was better for a dine-in experience.
I've eaten here several times. My takeout is always packed mindfully with care to detail, neatly wrapped in plastic wrap with the fork wetnap and "thank you" mint nicely centered underneath. It feels touched with love, and that means a lot to me.

Everyone who works here is very, very kind and gentle. The food is reliably delicious and fresh, the portions are great. I feel the prices are reasonable for the portions and area - my takeout entree always comes with two sides.

I think their injera is mad yum. To each their own I suppose!

Is it Abyssinia? As a fellow West Philly dweller, well, no. But bottom line - The best self care food experience I've found in this part of the city.
I know a lot of people consider moving to the city but hold back because nowhere has a bodega that blasts also happens to have a few tables to sit down at an be served Ethiopian food. If only there was an establishment that blasted Christmas music, had single servings of Special K and Fruit Loops prominently displayed but also was a tiny Ethiopian restaurant!

Good news anyone near 20th and Chestnut!

Pam S suggested we go to Almaz Cafe because she heard good things about their vegetarian platter. She asked our waiter if it had any dairy. He said it did not so we both tried it.

Wow! Five separate vegetarian dishes on the same plate and that awesome Ethiopian spongy bread. Its the same as getting a Beef Tibs except you get more things and you don't feel bad the next day. Its the next day and I'm feeling downright spry!

The vegetarian platter joins the list of outstanding vegan plates in Philly.
I came here to eat and study a few weeks ago, and then tonight to write and eat. 
 Unlike many coffee shops in the area it was neither loud or crowded. The staff (I believe owners?) are very friendly, nice and accommodating.

I did end up trying some of the ethopian dishes when I came back with a friend. We shared one of the beef stews, and the vegetable platter. I loved the variety of items, the slightly sour flat bread, and especially the cooked beets. The food was served in a timely manner, by friendly, talkative staff, and it was delicious.

I will be back, oh yes, I will.
After years of keeping my loyalties to West Philly Ethio food, I found myself a stone's throw from Rittenhouse with a hole in my stomach the likes of which only a few layers of sour injera, savory gurshas of veggies, and raw beef could satisfy. Each meat dish comes with two veggie side dishes of your choice, as is the custom for almost all Ethiopian restaurants in the city, and looking online, I decided on the Lamb tibs, the kitfo, and gomen, cabbage/potatos, and two types of lentils. The reviews online complained of portion sizes so I went a little extra with it to share (with my tomorrow self, of course. I'm welcome!)

Came into the shop for pickup, paid with card, and the case had a good collection of pastries, baklava and other cake-like things. Looks like it would be a nice space to sit and enjoy a coffee as well, with a second floor space overlooking the shop.

I made my way home, the two boxes wrapped on my lap keeping warm in their insulation of styrofoam and teff blankets. 

My first bite was the injera. Always the injera, to test the sourness, the firmness and density. This stuff is my favorite type. A little funkiness that adds a tang to every bite. The lamb was tender, the kitfo was well flavored and not too spicy, and gomen and lentils were tender and the cabbage was mostly there too, just a few undercooked bites. But honestly, for the same price as what I'd pay for my other favorite places around the city, I got just about the same amount of food in a style that I recognize and love. Will be back for takeout once I'm back around the square! Thanks so much.
I was craving Ethiopian and the choices in U City were exhausted so we ventured out to Center City looking for a nice BYO and found it.  This little place is great!  Check the Ambience selections, I found it to be a little of every single one of them.  I'm not sure how a place manages to be both touristy and dive-y while still able to squeeze out the romantic aspect, but Almaz did it.  Congrats!

On the other hand it  reminds me of my old stomping ground Queen of Shiba, which was a combination bar/Ethiopian restaurant.  Almaz takes this to a different level by combining Ethiopian with a cafe instead of a bar.  This is much more calming and I felt more authentic as well.

We ordered two dishes, they came out separately.  This is always a concern to me because occasionally everything will be served on one big platter.  While sharing is fun with some people with others it's the survival of the fittest.  

In summation, Almaz has a great location, enough tables to find a seat (check upstairs too),  very clean, relatively fast waiter service, delicious, and comes complete with very fair prices.
Delicious!
very under the radar cool spot that you never would have realized was there (until you looked for ethiopian food on yelp).  Nice staff, great food, and comfy atmosphere.  You could walk by it a thousand times and never realize it held delicious ethiopian delights....
I tried the Firfir for lunch. Almost left because there isn't much for my 6 year old daughter but the very nice lady at the counter offered to make a grilled cheese so we stayed. 
The Firfir consists of Enjera with simmered cubed pieces of tender beef with garlic, onions, peppers and spices. I think the side dish is Tikil Gomen & Misir. 
It was very duhlicious. 
We also shared the Anti-stress smoothie that consisted of blueberries, yogurt, bananas and honey. Very tasty.
All in all this is a very quaint and relaxing cafe right in the Rittenhouse House section of Philly.
Almaz is the best Ethiopian restaurant I've been to in Center City.  Okay, so I haven't been to any others in Center City, but it's nevertheless pretty tasty and can hold its own with most West Philly Ethiopian restaurants.  And it's only a block from Rittenhouse Square, so centrally located for my world.

Almaz is fairly small so dining in is best for small groups (up to four, I'd say).  You can also get their dishes to go.  My regular standby is the veggie combo platter, which conveniently combines several classics with good injera.  It is also fairly filling and is good for sharing.  Service is friendly, prices are fair.  

The restaurant is actually more of a cafe and though I haven't tried their coffees or smoothies, they look good and probably are good.  For solo dining/drinking, there's good people watching from the seats by the front window.  For group dining, they have tables downstairs and upstairs.

For those unprepared to eat Ethiopian food the traditional way (hands; no utensils), there's probably silverware available.
ohmygoodness.  i am so sincerely in love with this place that i don't know what to do.
i've walked by this place many-a-time (mostly because capogiro is right there, and i cannot resist the gelato)...but never stopped in.  well, turns out it's not just some coffeeshop, it's a tiny ethiopian restaurant!
now, i'm not some expert of ethiopian cuisine...but from my limited experience, it's pretty damn awesome!  
from the fluffy, slightly sour pancakes to the wonderfully spiced vegetarian sampler and meat dishes...nom nom nom.  it actually makes me want to eat veggies...more than meat!  and all for less than $15 a person!
i would go back.  again and again and again!
Pretty good overall, and a bit of a hidden treasure. One of the few (perhaps the only?) Ethiopian restaurants in Center City. Also has American food and wraps, breakfast, etc., but you should mostly come for the coffee and Ethiopian foods. Seldom crowded, but should be more so. Food can take a bit of time to come out.

Good options:

American Food; BBQ Chicken Wrap

Ethiopian Food: Firfir, Chicken Stew, Misir (lentils), Kik-Alchia (peas), Vegetarian Combo, Foule.
delicious. My friends and I came here and it was great. Not my favorite ethiopian restaurant ever, but it definitely did the job. Everything was delicious and I believe we got the veggie combo. The man that owns the place is such a sweetheart. Will definitely be back again!
4.3/5

Pretty good! Not as "traditional" of an interior as other Ethiopian places I've been to, but the food is tasty. 

We got a vegetarian combo and the Doro Wat (chicken stew), and shared between us -- I definitely recommend doing that if you're eating with multiple people, so that you get to try as many things as possible! I was partial to the veggie sampler myself, and especially enjoyed the lentil-based options. They also provide a lot of injera, and the lady who was there when we went was really nice!
First time trying Ethiopian food! So unfortunately my review might be reviewing the cuisine more than the restaurant? 

Thursday night, place was empty, the two woman working super nice! We both ordered the veg combo (recommend if you're veg) which promptly came out. It's basically several kinds of lentil curries? Wish they were hot, they were just warm. They came to eat with these thick pancake things also made of lentils (if you've had Indian dosas, they are thick versions of this). Veg platter is $12.

Something about food  made it not deliciousss in my opinion, but I'm glad I tried it and I was seriously STUFFED after. 

Great for trying something new and cute little, ideally located spot. 

Would like to come again for brunch.
Almaz Cafe has some good qualities - but I've definitely experienced better.  Almaz has REALLY nice management and servers - and their smoothies are actually pretty good (though a tad bit over priced).  The menu is pretty limited in terms of actual Ethiopian dishes.  The injera is pretty good - not the best I've ever had, or even really any sort of injera I'd rave about.  But it's good.  The veggies are usually well flavored and tasteful - however they also can be really oily.  Also the red spicy lentils are at times, not spicy at all, and are in fact some times a little bland.  The coffee is good, but with La Colombe near by, it seems silly to come here just for coffee.  Almaz is good when I want an Ethiopian fix - but I don't feel like traveling to West Philly's Kaffa's Crossing or Dhalak.  However, if I was hungry and around Center City / Rittenhouse - I'd certainly spend my money else where.
It's only my second day in Philadelphia and I've discovered that a lot of places are closed on Sundays. I was looking for a coffee shop to work in that wasn't Starbucks and was very glad when I finally found this place.

The environment is nice and quirky - bright colored walls (loved the turquoise ceiling) and there is upstairs and downstairs seating. I had a medium latte and a breakfast bagel (they were willing to serve breakfast anytime - hooray!). The coffee was delicious - very smooth and deep flavored with little acidity. I was happily surprised with the bagel - I ordered the bacon cheese and egg on whole wheat bagel expecting something like McDonald's, but instead it was like an omelet on a bagel - all mixed together. Fantastic (at least a 2 egg omelet with tons of bacon and cheddar). Huge. The size and quality justified the $5.75 price tag for the bagel.

The service was perfect. I was served extremely promptly. I originally only wanted coffee but after sitting for awhile grabbed a menu. Within a minute (just enough time for me to peruse) someone came up and asked in a friendly manner if I'd like to order. Everything came faster than I expected.
It was delightful. We came as a send off of a family member who is a vegan. She likes this place. She ordered the vegetable combination platter which has different lentils and beets. It looked good. My platter had a few of the same sides so I didn't bother to dive into her dish. 

I shared three orders of meat (chicken stew, beef stew and lamb tips). And it was good. The waitress stated that with the order of 3 meats we can get more vegetables. I'm not sure if we got 'more', but what we had was enough. We ended up with collard greens, cabbage, lentils and beets w/potatoes. I enjoyed the cabbage. It's crunchy! The beef stew was served over rice and YES this was my favorite of the night. But over all everything was good. I did not get the spicy kick I was expecting, but the food paired well with my wine. And yes we tried to eat traditionally, but that was hard to do. 

We also tried the coffee, as I read all the tips, my cafe latte was good. But the coffee itself black was smooth. 

I love that's it's BYOB. Small restaurant and simple. Our waitress was very helpful and suggested anything with lamb (the people's choice), Although that's not her favorite in the menu. Also, there are at least 2 parking lots across the street. Enjoy!
I've walked past Almaz Cafe dozens of times, but had no idea it was an Ethiopian restaurant! Located conveniently on 20th and Walnut, right by Rittenhouse Square, this cozy place is definitely a hidden gem amongst the more popular places in the area. 

A friend and I came here on a Saturday night and split the Dora Tibs (strips of chicken sauted with onions and tomatoes) as well as the vegetarian platter (a sampling of all of their vegetarian dishes - highly recommend!) Served with extra injera (spongy, sourdough pancake) on the side, it was more than enough food for the two of us to share. Of the five or six veggie dishes, my favorite was the Tikil Gomen (yellow split pea) and the Shiro (legumes) but loved trying everything. I am definitely interested in a beef or lamb dish in the future!

The prices may seem high ($14-16ish) and Ethiopian food may seem intimidating if you've never had it before, but the portion size, friendly staff, and of course good food will convince you otherwise.
I've been coming here for years. Very friendly family owned staff. The owners will do anything for the customers and it's a great example of a small business catering to its customers. The food is fresh and prepared on site. The firfir is delicious. Support local businesses in philly!
This is a small loft/cafe/BYO that serves up some mean Ethiopian food.
When you walk in, you're greeted by a Starbucks feel: a few already made sandwiches, drinks, yogurt, cookies/muffins etc. Don't be turned off by this! Just walk on up the steep staircase and you've got a relaxing little joint where you can just sit back and break open a bottle of wine. The wait staff is very kind and helpful. The owner (I think) came by and asked if we needed any help with the menu as well as giving us the low down on the day's special (There's one everyday, don't forget to ask for it!). My dining partner and I ended up ordering the vegetarian combo (consists of split red lentils, a carrot and potato stew, yellow split peas, legumes and something that resembled hummus) and the special, which was lamb sauted with some onions, butter (lots of it) and some spices I couldn't identify, it was also served with a Dijon spicy sauce on the side. All dishes are served with sourdough "bread" that has a slight tangy flavor and airy texture. Ethiopian food is meant to be eaten with your hands. The bread is used to scoop up the contents on your plate.  Everything had such great flavors and the vegetarian platter was so colorful! I was impressed by the food. We also showed up about an hour before closing and stayed half an hour AFTER closing and the staff/owners told us to take our time.
My only complaint was the sourdough "bread". It wouldn't be so bad if the bread wasn't so... unusual. The bread feels like moist latex; one side is smooth while the other resembled tripe or a sponge. I really couldn't handle touching and looking at the bread. So I had to grab a fork and stare away from the bread.
I love the couple that owns and runs this place! Their sense of hospitality is fantastic. The food was pretty good.  had the lamb special, which wasn't that great, but I sampled food from the other members in my group and a lot of the dishes were absolutely delicious. The place is rather small, but we managed to get a group of 8 in there (and took up almost the entire upstairs). I would definitely recommend this place to others. Fantastic place for a first date!

And contrary to what this site says, they definitely DO take reservations.
I visited this place because I was in downtown philly for one day and needed some Ethiopian. The restaurant is small of course it is in center city so most places are, but the food was amazing and there was no wait to eat. 

I had the vegetarian combo as I usually do when I visit Ethiopian restaurants and the owner who was our cook really made each part of the dish incredible. The beets we had as a special side dish were unexpected and also incredible. 

I will absolutely be coming back on my next trip to philly.
LOVE IT!!!! The people are super nice and the food is AMAZING. I am vegan and I LOVE this place!! 5 stars!
Since moving to West Philly, I have been spoiled by the fine array of Ethiopian food in my neighborhood. Almaz is the sole outpost of this delicious cuisine in Center City, and they do it quite well. 

The service was efficient and attentive while remaining unobtrusive. The tiny space manages to be airy and intimate, as fresh as the delicious veggie platter. Almaz proves that all Ethopian food doesn't have to be simmered to the consistency of Gerber's. Each time I took a bite of a new dish, I thought "This is my favorite," until I got back to the first one and started the loop all over again.
So I've been going to Almaz for a long time now and I have to say that they have awesome selection of Ethiopian food as well as all American breakfasts. I love the fact that the place is small and cozy, Almaz and Salomon run a tight ship and it's always cleanan and inviting, albeit sometimes it gets a bit hot in the summer whether because the AC is not strong enough or it's just not running and the coffee selection could be better I'd still give this place my business every day if I could!
I should have reviewed Almaz months ago but I go so frequently I always assume I'll do it the next time. It's a cozy spot with great food and service. The vegetarian Ethiopian platter is especially tasty with more variety than is even listed on the menu description. The portions hit the spot--I finish about 3 bites over where I should have stopped. And the family platter has *two portions* of each dish--a lifesaver because I become very selfish and mildly angry if my dinner companion starts to hog the Tikal Gomen.
Wow, glad to see that I am not the only one who really likes this place.  The owner, Almaz, is very kind and even remembered the excellent omelet I had there last week when I came back today for brunch.  Very good for dinner too!
Wow... Had I not been with some natives I would never have discovered this place. Somewhat random, I think, to have great Ethiopian food in what looks like a Philly coffee shop. But it was really delicious. We had this chicken that tasted like it was covered in brown sugar and cinnamon. I am sure it was some exotic spice... but cinnamon/sugar is the only way I can describe it. The owners are very friendly and the food downright good. GO.
Mmmmm, Almaz, I heart you.  I wouldn't usually seek out Ethiopian in Center City - maybe because I have so many different options living in West Philly.  But this place is competing for my affection against my number 1, Kaffa Crossing.

It's a funky little Ethiopian cafe located in Center City - the decor would best be described as "comfy-industrial".  The staff are friendly and welcoming.  The coffee is always good and strong.  I'm not sure what beans they use, but they're damn good.

I'd agree with Jake V. that the menu is smaller than other Ethiopian restaurants - but this by no means affects the quality of the food - which is AMAZING.  I went for the misir wot (a spicy lentil stew of sorts), with veggies and a plentiful serving of injera.  It was lovely - and maybe TOO filling.

I'll definitely be back.
Amazing food. Just had a veggie combo and it's really good for lunch. Highly recommend this place.
It's been many years since I had Ethiopian food. Last gf got bad indigestion from trying it, and I once took a date to a place in W. Philly where a roach crawled up the wall behind her. I've bookmarked Almaz for like 2 years, and passed by many times. Wanted to try Sunday after work, but they are closed. On my way to Trader Joe's lunchtime yesterday, I finally decided to try some Ethiopian take away. Kudos for wrapping my container in plastic wrap. Why don't more places do this?

The place itself is small, charming, and the couple manning it are very nice. The food , however was a bit disappointing. The vegetarian combo(listed as $9.95 online for lunch) was actually $12.95. The lentils, peas, and veg were pretty bland. I remember Ethiopian food bursting w/flavor & spice; anchored by berbere sauce. The platter itself was a bit lean on the amount of veg/ proteins. The injera was good; pleasantly sour and spongy. 3 huge pieces were provided on the side, plus. one more underneath. That is usually the best part, as it soaks up all the juices.The platters that I saw served inside looked bigger than what I got.

I really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately the price point does not match the quality/quantity of the food. Probably should try it again, but most likely will not.
Perfect. In every way. Delicious food--better (and more authentic and home
cooked) ethiopian food than DC and new york. Great place to study. Delicious breakfast, Ideal for lunch. Fun for a funky, unpretentious byo dinner. Otherworldly Ethiopian-bean coffee. Solomon and Almaz are present always, and if you've been there more than twice, they will become friends with you. 

And yes, the vegetarian combo was amazing, but the lamb, chicken, and beef dishes are also excellent.

 Easy to see why this place has a cult following.
don't be fooled into thinking Ethiopian food only exists in west philly.  almaz cafe not only served great brunch, but has the best Ethiopian in the city all day every day.  it's on the back of their menu, so read through the whole thing.  the meat is incredibly succulent, never overcooked, and all the veggies are colorful and fresh.
Just had lunch here with a coworker. I thoroughly enjoyed the DORO TIBS - chicken breast sauteed with Ooions, tomato, jalapeno pepper, rosemary, exotic herbs simmered to "perfection"  (as it says on the menu and it's true! it tastes like it's been marinated for days!) in organic Ethiopian butter and pinch of cardamom. The cardamom was just right. My lunchmate had the SHIRO (Mixed legumes prepared with ginger root, rue seed, bishops weed and garlic cooked with berbere sauce) and she really enjoyed the hint of spiciness.
I'd passed by this place dozens of times before in my life, but I didn't realize it served food until a few months ago. I thought it was just a little coffee shop. It's much more! They have regular coffee shop and cafe fare (coffee, sandwiches, breakfast) but also have a small menu of ethiopian items. 

We got the Dorowat, which is a stewed chicken dish, and the Veggie Combo. All these items get served on a big plate on top of injera bread. Injera bread is a spongey crepe like bread with a sourdough flavor. You tear of pieces of the bread and scoop up the different dishes with it. You get a basketfull of injera as well. This was plenty of food for the two of us. Our server was super nice. I believe it's the husband who serves and the wife who cooks. The food came out shockingly fast!  Now that I know they serve such good food, I'll definitely be back!
I've been to a few Ethiopian restaurants in the city, and think Almaz is one of the better ones. Their vegetarian platters and wraps make it a great place for vegetarians. Very good Ethiopian coffee make this a great breakfast, lunch, and dinner place!

The staff is extremely friendly, and it will definitely remain to be a staple.
This lovely little cafe just off Rittenhouse Square is a wonderful place for either the quick take-out drink or a hearty meal. I have come here several times for the traditional Ethiopian dishes. The food is very good and comes with a heaping portion of injira and vegetables. The staff is friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is friendly, quiet, and highly amenable to studying or reading. They also provide free wifi. My only complaint is that, in the heat of summer, the cafe gets very warm. Otherwise, an overall great place!
What a gem! Nice little hole in the wall with amazingly tasty Ethiopian food. If you're in Philly, and searching for good Ethiopian, look no further. I got the vegetarian sampler plate, which was more than enough for one person. My only complaint is that the have no meat samplers, and you can't combine a meat dish with the vegetarian sampler, unless you order two full plates. Too much for me, but I really had a hankering for doro wat! Also, if you're looking for Tej (Ethiopian honey wine), you won't find it here. But they'll cork it for you if you bring your own. Don't load this place up!
My first Ethiopian experience in Philadelphia. Stopped here for lunch one day and was pleasantly surprised. First of all, it's not just Ethiopian food; they do breakfast (omelettes and the like), hoagies, wraps, salads, etc. Of course, I didn't try any of that and went straight for the enjera and stews.

All of the ethiopian dishes were within $9-$12, if I recall correctly. BF had dorowat and me, being indecisive, got the vegetarian combination. The stews came on one huge enjera plate, split down the middle, and they gave us tons of extra enjera on the side (we ended up taking some home).

I loved the misir (red lentil stew). Just a bit of a spicy kick. The tikil-gomen and kik-alchia were good, but a bit bland for me (I'm a spice addict). BF highly recommended the dorowat, it came with two pieces of chicken and a hard-boiled egg. Flavorful chicken-y goodness.

We were both extremely full and satisfied at the end of the meal. The service is pretty friendly, too.

Would definitely return.
Fantastic food with friendly, relaxed service in a so-so atmosphere.  There's no "Ethiopian" decor, really, but I guess that's fine as long as you're not expecting it.  Sit upstairs and enjoy the free wifi.  I met a Wharton student from Africa there and we had an interesting talk about race and politics in French.

The family who run the cafe are really sweet and there's a broad variety of non-Ethiopian dishes as well.  The food is wonderful and compares well to Ethiopian food I've had in San Francisco and Berkeley.  It is served with the traditional thin, sour bread.  The portion sizes are generous without being overwhelming, and the presentation is nice.

If you're traipsing around Center City and pass by Almaz, do stop in.
This is one of our go-to spots in the city.  The service is always great as is the food.  You will leave very full, as the portions are pretty big and the injera will fill you up.
My girlfriend mentioned one night that she was craving some Ethiopian food and me, being a great listener, did a Yelp search and found this gem.

We ate there around 6:30pm on a Saturday night.  This place is quite cozy, but very small so seating IS limited.  The walls are painted bright, inviting colors and there was some light Jazz playing in the background.  We were greeted immediately by the owner, Almaz, and seated upstairs.

There are many options on the menu (breakfast, lunch, etc.), but we went for the Ethiopian dishes, hence the trip ("When in Rome").  I ordered the Fir Fir and my gal ordered the Doro Tibs.  We went with the family style option - our meals came out on one massive plate, laid on a giant piece of Enjera (Teff & wheat sourdough pancake).

When I say that is was a flavor-explosion in my mouth I am not exaggerating, not even slightly.  Our entrees were so tasty and the spread of different vegetables were just the right companion.  We decided to try some of the Ethiopian coffee afterwards and were equally delighted.  The Coffee was smooth and nutty and didn't even require sugar or creme.  Afterwards, even after eating so much, we didn't feel sluggish or bloated, but energized. 

During our meal our server was very attentive and the owner was always around and smiling.  I'm sure this place has a longer wait time on a busier night, but it is absolutely worth it.  We will be back for sure.  Thanks Almaz!
This place is a fab little find! I've walked by so many times before finding out it was an ethiopian restaurant! They sell run of the mill breakfast and brunch foods, along with some sandwiches and wraps, but their ethiopian food is what makes them amazing. They have a vegetarian combo that is a hefty amount of food and injera (bread) for only $12! It's delicious and filling and doesn't leave me feeling sick after eating out. The best part of this place is the owner! He is SO SO nice and truly treats people like regulars, even when you aren't. He loves talking to his customers and is always smiling. He even flagged us down to offer us a bag for our stuff that we were toting around (unrelated to the restaurant). I mean, who is kind enough these days to think to do that??!!! Truly a wonderful guy! Delicious iced coffee too! 

One star off because some of the food gets a little salty at times and I don't love the meat dishes since I kept burping from grease after it, but I am very sensitive to heavy food.
I have been coming to Almaz regularly for a few years.  It is consistently fantastic.  The spongy Ethiopian bread is beyond heavenly.  The service is spectacular - and - it's sure a fine alternative to "Shake Shack" down the street.  I hope that the crowds there will detour to a much healthier, finer place only steps away!!!!
We got the vegetarian plate and foule and it was plenty of food for two.  This is not the best Ethiopian I've ever had by a long shot, but it was still tasty.  The atmosphere was nice and service was good.  I'd definitely go back to get an inexpensive meal; it's probably the best food at this price in this neighborhood.
Very charming little cafe, fantastic custom roasted Ethiopian coffee. I have yet to try the actual Ethiopian food, but the ice cream and American breakfast food isn't bad (also, makes it very versatile). Regardless, the coffee is reason enough.
