I finally visited Alma de Cuba. I know, apparently I also finally crawled out from under the rock I'd been hiding under. My love and I made a 7pm reservation for Valentine's Day. We arrived a tad late due to snowmaggedon but the staff was accommodating and seated us right away. Our table was pretty congested on the second floor wedged between two other couples. Talk about awkward, praying my behind didn't slide across the neighboring table's ceviche as I headed to my seat. It was that tight. Now the tables on the third floor overlooking our area looked comfortable. In fact, I felt like the people sitting in those seats were giving us the "oooh we are so much more comfortable than you" stares. It was hard to hear anything the waiter said due to the close proximity to other shouting couples who were equally as frustrated trying to have lovey dovey conversations. On to the food: we ordered the appetizer sampler of FANTASTIC empanadas, bacon wrapped dates and tacos. My boyfriend had the Cuban shrimp and grits, which he thought would be spicier. The grits had a creamy almost mashed potato consistency but great flavor. I ordered the vaca frita which was tender and flavorful. My strawberry mojito was amazing but I wasn't a fan of the bitterness of the classic one he ordered. For dessert he ordered the chocolate cigar and I ordered the strawberry crepes. Both were ok. I thought the cigar would be sweeter and the crepes would be warmer. Overall a solid night with friendly service was had. I think I shouted "it was a solid night" to my boyfriend at some point near the end of the meal so that he could hear me. Happy belated Valentine's day :)
Just a note: I never tried the food here so this review is for the bar, staff, and venue itself.

This is a very classy looking joint. I could envision taking a hot date (aka La Novia) to a place like this. The bartender was talkative and friendly, but not particulary knowledgable on beer brands. He had no idea there was an alternative to Negra Modelo, which is the lighter colored version called Modelo Especial. 

The beer selection here was limited, but the Negra Modelo hit the spot.

My uncle insists I need to come back and try the food. Based on the price of the beer, the food might be pricey.

I hope he is paying.
Alma de Cuba walks the line between elegance and fustiness with aplomb. Both beautiful and welcoming this five star treat hits you right in the pleasure center delivering on all fronts -  effortless service, inventive cocktails and a menu that restores your faith in anything that doesn't have to coast on their reputation.

I could go on for days about their Royal Date appetizer and Seafood Rice entree but why bother, go discover them for yourself as you indulge in a dining experience that is both rare and worth every shekel.
:: the birthday kid, part III ::

hating on starr restaurants is like cobra kai beating up on daniel-san. just because all the kewl kidz are doing it, don't mean it's for me...at least when it comes to alma de cuba.

i'd previously only been to alma for drinks - probably about 5 times in as many years - and each time i enjoyed sipping sangria in the swanky downstairs lounge. this past december, lucky me got to head upstairs for more than just a trip to the ladies room when the boy took me here for a day-after-my-birthday birthday dinner. it was a bitter cold nite outside, tho you'd never know it inside the invitingly warm alma interior with lights low...candles aglow... were we instantly transported to cuba? not even close. but the mood was perfectly set for a budding romance on a special occasion.

drink orders placed - mojito for him, dark & stormy for me - we diverted our gaze from one another and towards our respective menus. my selections were easily made as, in typical restaurant fashion, the veg options are limited. while the boy continued to peruse, i dug in to the warm mini rolls placed before us by our server. only a little tho, as to not ruin my appetite for the black bean soup (topped with crema fresca & 3 rice croquettes) that would soon be my first course - and good thing for that, as i savored every thick, soupy spoonful!

meanwhile, the boy was gushing over each bite of his yellowtail ceviche. he pleaded with me to change my non-meat-eating ways...assuring me that i wouldn't regret my decision upon tasting the other-worldy magnificence upon his plate. 'A' for effort, but i of course declined, to which i believe he was secretly grateful in that he did not have to relinquish a mere morsel of his new-found heaven on earth.

his second course, the vaca frita, was destined to pale in comparison to the ceviche, of which he continually wished he had ordered a double portion of instead. my entree, the pionono, was a puerto rican sweet plantain roulade of zucchini, basil-tomato sauce & queso fresco served with roasted garlic & broccoli rabe - and it delivered. the flavors and textures of each ingredient meshed perfectly, altho i refrained from cutting into the stinking rose on date nite...instead pushing it to the side to be wrapped up with my uneaten half for lunch the following day when the promise of a kiss was not in my immediate future :)

dessert, having been skipped the nite before, was inevitable, however, when our banana tres leches was brought to the table, it arrived sans candles, despite the boy having made mention of my birthday when he made the reservation. shame, shame, alma! all in all, a small hiccup in an otherwise stellar birthday celebration.
These four stars are for the happy hour, which is positively awesome, especially considering the location. A handful of us had plans to meet up at one of Rittenhouse's bar/restaurants, only to discover the place was closed for a private party. We scoured our brains to come up with an appropriate Plan B, and Alma de Cuba saved the day.

Happy hour runs every weeknight from 5-7 and features six dollar sangria and two types of mojitos. Small plates are half off, which is a total bargain. Everything ordered looked delish, though I only tried the toasted hazelnut guacamole since I had plans for dinner. 

While I wasn't crazy about the sweet sangria, the traditional mojito did the trick. It was boozy but light; perfect for summer sipping. It had been years since my last trip to Alma de Cuba, but they are now on the short list of happy hour spots.
Last month, my family went to Alma De Cuba for a dinner. The food was excellent. I had a special that night that involved duck and another meat. Our server, Craig, made excellent suggestions and we got to try a few things to share as a table. Additionally, the drinks were top notch. 

However, regardless of how good our meal was, I'm writing for another reason. When we called to make a reservation,  I heard my mom responding to a question from the person on the other end of the phone. My guess was that the person was asking if we were celebrating a special occasion. In usual fashion, my mom probably spilled too many beans.

We were not really celebrating at all. You see, my father had just passed a couple weeks earlier and it was the last night that my brother and his family would be in town. We wanted to all go out together as a family. We didn't know where to go but someone mentioned that Cuba was the last place my parents had traveled to together, directly before he got sick. It seemed like a logical idea and so we made a reservation. 

Halfway through the meal, the general manager came over to greet us and said that he had been the one to take the reservation. He wanted to send his condolences, but also tell us that he truly appreciated that our family had chose to spend our evening with them. They even brought over a free appetizer. We really appreciated the gesture. 

At the end of a really amazing dinner and experience (my 18 month old niece even behaved so well!), we asked for the check. We all took turns guessing how much it would be. Yet none of us would ever actually find out. The manager and our server came over again, and before dropping the check, they thanked us again for choosing them. Then they told us that they were picking up the check as a token of appreciation. We were literally blown away. My mom bursted into tears. She had just lost her partner of 35 years and their last great memory was being in Cuba and eating much of the same food. It was an extremely thoughtful and considerate gesture. They even seemed to feel bad when they asked us to only pay for the alcohol (state law). 

To the servers, staff and management of Alma De Cuba. Thank you so much for truly brightening our outlook during a time that was so dark.
We wanted a low key Birthday evening and Ceviche, and I wasn't very excited -from past experiences. Little did you know, my friend said. 

I booked a table at the chic and sleek downstairs lounge, I didn't get my little black dress on,  this time- low key remember?I got there on time, and Liz, the extremely friendly waitress, became my best friend for the next fifteen minutes that I was waiting for my friend to show up. Now, should I order my dessert first? A thousand times YES! I don't feel guilty, and I deserve it, I'm the one who is waiting, right?

I couldn't resist ordering the Chocolate Peanut Butter Bombe. This irresistible creation of chocolate shortbread, with luxurious and rich vanilla and chocolate mousse filling, then coated with perfect sphere of smooth chocolate shell, with marshmallow ice cream goodness and crunchy caramelized bananas. I apologize for your drooling. Chocolate was delicious. Peanut butter was delicious. Ice cream was delicious. you are welcome. 

Finally, my friend showed up, in scrubs- a reminder: low key dinner. We ordered the ceviche tasting: a sampling of five ( Thai Young Coconut Mixto ,Agua Chile Sea Scallop, Rainbow, Ecuadorian Shrimp, and Lenguado 'Al Fuego'). Each one had a very fresh and unique tasting. Very lovely combination of colors, flavors and textures. I enjoyed this ceviche so much that I was dehydrated the next day.  For the main meal, I ordered the chicken Imperial. Very very good. 

You know the common phrase: stellar service can take your meal from delicious to divine, it's totally true, the service was outstanding. To end this spectacular birthday dinner, Liz our waitress, brought out a surprise. White chocolate chili ice cream- on the house! How sweet is that? No its not, was like fire in my mouth. Spicy and cold Surprise.
I've got to say, it was a very pleasant birthday evening. Incredible, everything!

Five Yelps!
Alma De Cuba was on my "To Eat" list, from the moment we started planning our trip to Philadelphia. We decided to save this restaurant for a night on the town with another couple that drove down to meet us. 

To drink, I started with the Black Cherry Caipirinha. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/R17gwW6zn9ilslbdvKdgsg?select=bizByQADDmBLjYQRyFN6kQ He orders the Cohiba Cocktail, made with a cigar flavored rum, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/R17gwW6zn9ilslbdvKdgsg?select=-0iN269hNycrbCXPadEqPQ - Both great cocktails. 

Since the place has a long list of mouth watering appetizers, our table let me choose a few plates for us to share. While you are ordering, they offer Cuban Sweet Rolls served hot and fresh. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/R17gwW6zn9ilslbdvKdgsg?select=M41Sr0BqDpK-8wuYSPJCLw

Since I had to pick the right thing, I ordered the:

*Ceviche Sampler, Japanese Snapper, Thai Mixto, Yellowtail Kingfish: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/R17gwW6zn9ilslbdvKdgsg?select=RkquSZIWRwkk7urzJPQ9oQ
*Chorizo Sliders: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/R17gwW6zn9ilslbdvKdgsg?select=67Qd-PvaV0-mFu2dIQwUkQ
The Alma Sampler (Order by # of people):
*Royal Palm Dates, Bacon Wrapped Dates stuffed with bleu cheese in an endive: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/R17gwW6zn9ilslbdvKdgsg?select=0uzJA5L8X5k958tnj382hw
*Oysters Rodreguiz: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/R17gwW6zn9ilslbdvKdgsg?select=1QrTNXFu7Mli3rqkxA_IQw
*Smoked Marlin Tacos; http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/R17gwW6zn9ilslbdvKdgsg?select=N7-kKKGQ6fCJZNql5uVwaQ

For dessert, they all ordered the:
*Vanilla Crepe with Bourbon Ice cream, chocolate and bacon bits: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/R17gwW6zn9ilslbdvKdgsg?select=iMtlvZFgsY6r5Y40VPwT_Q
*Goat Cheese Flan: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/R17gwW6zn9ilslbdvKdgsg?select=f7FJe17htgtqzHoW3-cwOg

Me? I really just wanted the Havana Old Fashioned (with Pemegranate) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/R17gwW6zn9ilslbdvKdgsg?select=9uP_ihprBp1pFi2XpsovCg

This place was so amazing, it's more than Latin American and Gourmet food. It's amazing and oh so inspiring for those of us who love to cook and love Cuban food. Service was really great, it was a little pricey, but mostly because of a bottle of French Rose Champagne that our table ordered. 

Alma De Cuba deserves to be on your "To Eat" list too.
In the last couple weeks I've been to Alma several times for their happy hour specials for the cheap food & atmosphere.  

I prefer the white sangria (papaya w/ pisco - $6) to the red (mango w/ brandy - $6) because it's more tart.  The drinks aren't killer strong and the fruit isn't fresh, but they're not terrible.  The $6 truffled guacamole with plaintain chips keeps drawing me back in!  It's a great value for the price and easily feeds 2-3.  

The soft lounge seating is 10x more comfortable than sitting at the bar or a high top table.  I recommend arriving before 6 to snag these seats.
It was a dark and stormy night. With torrential rain battling our car and the streets of Rittenhouse Square, there was no way we were going to make it across town to our reservation at Pod. We passed by Alma de Cuba, brought our car to a halt and went inside.

It was a gorgeous and sexy restaurant and we had no idea we were in for such a treat. From the almond stuffed dates wrapped in bacon and the NY Strip Steak to the lechon plate and Chocolate Cigar on fire dessert we were in awe with the taste and presentation. Little did we even know that Alma de Cuba was also a Stephen Starr restaurant. Score.

I recently went back with a group of friends to Alma de Cuba. From what I observed they were impressed with the drinks and food. Alma de Cuba is great for groups and the service is more than accommodating.

We started off with a trio of ceviche for each couple. I thought it might be a bit much but this tasting is the perfect portion for two people. We chose the Sea Scallop, Yellowtail Kingfish, and Long Island Fluke. With ingredients like pomegranate seeds, yuzu, soy and ginger, along with some heat, each ceviche had a different flavor. The Kingfish was my favorite. I'd gladly eat them all again and would like to try the Lenguado 'Al Fuego' next time. SUPER HOT with habanero!

The waiter described the Lechon Asado as a commitment. Yes it is as it is a hefty plate and enough to share with a whole family. I got it since I remembered it being so good last time. It was but as I was eating it I kind of wish I had went for a fish to be on the lighter side (had to leave room for dessert of course!). The other entrees are quite outstanding, if not better than the Lechon. Rum Cured Duck Breast, Vaca Frita, and Sugarcane Tuna I am looking at you! Have you ever had fish that look like lollipops? Tastes better and looks better than you can imagine. Five star gourmet right there! (A small portion too while you're at it.)

Always leave room for dessert as the pastry chef does not disappoint. I got my rich and decadent chocolate cigar as well as the key lime panna cotta with banana ceviche. Of course, the highlight was when they light the cigar matches on fire. It's all sort of mesmerizing.

Prepare to spend about $40/head at the very least.
Of all the places I ate in Philadelphia, this is the one joint where I didn't get any pictures.  

"Why, MacRae, whyyyy?" you ask?  

Well, it's not that I didn't try.  But it was *so dark* in AdC's dining room that using flash would have mimicked the Bat Signal, and not using flash meant my shutter sat open so long pictures became one big blur.  Also, Moms may not be a spring chicken (no offense, Moms), but she's no fogie, either -- and she was *struggling* to read the washed-out menu in the barely-there lighting.  I had to guide her by votive light.  At least AdC thought of putting votives on the tables.  And the rest of the decor was rustically elegant and simply sophisticated.  But a note to you, Chef Rodriguez: another watt or two would be most welcome.

"But how was the food, MacRae, how was the foooood?" you ask?  

Well, it seemed Top Chef Masters caliber for sure, beginning with the whole grain dinner roll/biscuits with an herbaceous oil and vinegar dip, to the plantain and taro chip basket.  Moms and I split the appetizer sampler which came with smoked marlin tacos (I wish I'd gotten a pic, because these were doll-sized and ever-so precious); oysters Rodriguez; and royal palm dates.  Moms went nuts over the bacon-wrapped, almond and cheese stuffed dates, which she said were decadently delicious.  I loved the oysters Rodriguez -- a spin on traditional Rockefeller -- with the crispy fried shellfish over fufu, sautéed spinach, horseradish, and huacatay sauce.  It was only after devouring mine that I learned fufu is mashed plantains with *bacon.*  Would have been nice to know PRE-devour.

Moms had the Brazilian shrimp stew with greens and cashews for her entrée.  After her fifth, "Mmm, phenomenal," I made her give up a bite.  She was right: the stew was a symphony of bold flavors, smooth broth, and huge, pearly shrimp.  I had a three-ceviche sampler for dinner and was in raw fish heaven.  AdC offers eight ceviches à la carte, or a three-, five-, or seven-sampler.  I went with the Thai Mixto -- crab, shrimp, octopus, and fluke with coconut leche de tigre, mango, and tomatillo; the Peruvian Black Bass -- scallop-aji rocoto purée, key lime juice, cilantro, and yucca fries; and the Yellowtail Kingfish -- Peruvian corn and potato salad, lime juice, and aji panca glaze.  They were all fantastically fresh and loaded with flavor, but the Thai was my personal favorite.

The housemade mojito with muddled mint and a sugarcane stalk for garnish was the perfect apératif, and a Pacifico pilsner the perfect meal accompaniment.  Overall, prices at AdC are quite reasonable for the quality, *espesically* when one is accustomed to paying outlandish DC prices.  For me, AdC warrants the hype.

[Top Chef: Douglas Rodriguez]
UPDATE 2.9.08: I just returned from lunch here. And wow, is my tummy happy. I beg you - try the Cuban sandwich. You will not be disappointed! And the famous chocolate cigar dessert is to die for. The name makes me giggle, but it sure tastes delish!

Great, great service-and they also have Reymos Moscatel Espumoso, which is my favorite wine ever. I didn't try it today but I highly recommend you get over there now and try it immediately!

ORIGINAL REVIEW (I gave the bar scene on this particular night 3 stars):
I'll preface this review with a disclaimer that this is about the bar at Alma de Cuba, and not the restaurant itself, which I have heard great and wonderful things about. And now that we have that out of the way, I just want to share a snippet of a conversation I overheard when I was there the other night:

Dude in suit with casually loosened necktie: So, I'd love to buy you a drink sometime and talk to you about getting you into that hot VIP event I'm hitting up this weekend.

Chick with strategically placed highlights and low cut blouse: Uhhh, he he he (laughs nervously and plays with necklace)...

Dude: So I'll take that as a yes.

Chick: bats eyelashes, nods head and giggles some more.

Dude: (Looking down her blouse while simultaneously checking out the other women in the room) Maybe this summer I'll let you check out my shore house. It's amazing.

At that point I lost consciousness from the hot air that was swirling around the bar. By studying the crowd of professionals that appeared to be somewhere in the 30-40 age range, this seemed to be the standard of conversation downstairs. 

Extra bonus entertainment: woman and man in a ladies room stall for at least 15 minutes who then tried to divert attention by throwing a cigarette over the wall and running out. A true Bret Easton Ellis moment to be sure.

Don't sit in the corner - you will get pummeled by the opening and closing of the coatroom door all night (my friend has the bruises on her back to prove it).

And unless you want to get hammered, avoid the mojito. If ending up crazy drunk is your plan, though, fly like the wind and order away.
During a recent trip to Philadelphia for a conference, a couple of friends and I were looking for a great place for dinner close to the convention center. Alma De Cuba kept appearing on the lists of excellent restaurants. Getting a dinner reservation around 7 or 8 proved to be difficult but an option that I was offered was to come in and sit in the bar/lounge area. We opted to do that. When we arrived, there was a wait for that seating as well but a table quickly opened up for us.

We started with the ceviche tasting (5 for $45) - The presentation was beautiful with five small plates of ceviche displayed on a large platter filled with ice with a dish of mixed, seasoned nuts in the middle. While the ceviche plates were indeed "tasting" size, the dishes were very inventive and the flavors were complex. My favorites were probably the Thai Mixto which consisted of crab, shrimp, octopus and fluke with coconut-leche de tigre, mango and tomatillo, as well as the Rainbow which was comprised of tuna, salmon and black bass marinated in lime juice and jalapeno with roasted sweet potato slices.

I ordered the ribeye with chimichurri and yucca. The steak was tender, juicy, nicely charred and very flavorful even without the chimichurri. My entree was perfectly complimented by the side order of plantains, which were sweet and delicious. I also tried the oxtail with bone marrow, the duck and the stuffed dates with blue cheese.  Everything was outstanding.
 
While the food was of top notch quality, the service was subpar. We had difficulty getting our waitress' attention on multiple occasions and the wait for the food was unbelievable. Everything took forever to come out of the kitchen! Thank goodness for the highly addictive, complimentary cheese bread balls with a sweet dipping sauce. They were much appreciated as we waited an interminable amount of time for our food. 

If you're looking for outstanding food and a great, dimly lit restaurant with gorgeous pictures projected on the walls, definitely give Alma De Cuba a try. But, be prepared to wait. Of course if you get too impatient, you can just check out another place, given the prime location on Walnut Street's Restaurant Row.
NYC prices have ruined me. Now, when I see a cocktail on a menu for less than $12 my heart palpitates. This isn't normal. $12 for a cocktail shouldn't even be considered. So when I saw Alma de Cuba's happy hour $6 mojitos I was like whaaa?! Paying the price of one McD's value meal for a cocktail instead of two?! What a steal!

Until I realized they're normally $8.. yah that's not such a great deal, but my (rico) suave mojito tasted so good and still had a kick, so bring it on. Alma de Cuba's happy hour: 5-7pm M-F, seating in the 1st floor bar area, $6 classic & sauve mojitos and sangria, and "free" tapas. The "free" tapas is kind of a scam; on the day we went it was one empanada per person. A damn good empanada, but still, only one.

The downstairs lounge was almost empty when we arrived at 5pm on a Friday - again another fresh breath of air, entering a Friday happy hour and being able to pick which comfy louge chairs would hug our butts and which table was most optimum for waiters to see that our empanada plate was ready for a refill (never happened). The lounge is also super sexy. Come hither and buy me a drink wink wink.
My companion and I arrived on a ridiculously busy Saturday night for a late dinner.  The bar was disturbingly crowded but those black cherry caipirinhas sure made me quickly forget.  I don't know exactly what they put in it but whatever it was, it went down very well.  Another please!

We started the meal with the chorizo sliders which were rather standard - not bad but not great either.  Luckily, those short rib antichuchos (skewers) were darn good!  For the entrée, I ordered the duck raspado and my companion ordered the lechon asado (roast pork).  Ay dios mio!  Those two dishes alone made me forget how good those caipirinhas were.  Delicious, succulent and well seasoned dishes that resulted in the two of us savoring each bite in near silence amidst a storm of surrounding chaos.  Ah, if only gastronomic moments like that could last forever.
My grandfather is a badass Cuban man. He is like 200 years old. He has survived more heart attacks than I've had serious relationships. He came to the USA after the Castro regime took everything from his family. He vacations by working on his ranch in South Carolina. He speaks with a thick accent, a charismatic voice carved from years of toil and adventure.

He is the real life version of that dos equis stooge, "the most interesting man in the world."

It was in Florida that he taught me of Cuban food, the food of my people(Cuban Jews). Throughout my childhood, dinner with grandpa was usually dinner at a Cuban place. He would not take his family to any sucker joint that did not satisfy his discerning palate. It is with this background that I gain the authority to say Alma de Cuba honors legitimate Cuban cuisine and mixes it up with Steven Starr panache...and it is pretty darn delicious.

I like this place. It has become kind of a go-to spot for me when it comes to entertaining business-y guests. The ambiance is elegant and unique without being stuffy. The service has never been poor.

The ceviche here is my favorite in Philadelphia. The Peruvian bass, Rainbow, and shrimp ceviches are all great. You can't go wrong here. Do you want to try a good ceviche? Then just close your eyes and point in the general direction of that part of the menu. Eat that one.

The empanadas and tuna tartare tacos are excellent appetizers.

If you are trying to decide between the honey mustard glazed salmon and the shrimp stew, go with the stew.

The chocolate cigar is a very good dessert. It is a decadent almond cake wrapped in chocolate mousse that works in perfect harmony with dulce de leche ice cream. That being said, keep your expectations humble if you order this. The 5 stars of this review was earned by the ceviche and not the sweet selections.

Furthermore, Alma de Cuba's happy hour offers some really excellent apps and drinks. I like it a lot.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this movie is the OPPOSITE of Batman Forever.
Came here last night for restaurant week and I'm glad I did. Out of the restaurants that I wanted to go for a 7 pm dinner Alma de Cuba was the only one available. I absolutely loved everything about this place and it gives a nice Caribbean feel to it with the pictures on the wall.

Regarding my meal, it was three courses for $35 my first dish I ordered was Ecuadorian Shrimp Ceviche which was of the best shrimp dishes I've ever had if you are a shrimp fan I highly suggest it on a scale of 1-10 it would be a 15 yea it's that amazing. My main dish was the arroz de pollo a chicken and rice what can I say absolutely amazing, while the chicken was great I would say that the main star was the rice it was so flavorful and the olives added a nice touch. We did have dessert but it was just ok.
Tale of Ahu Not Ordering the Right Things... Part 785

Alma de Cuba is a beautiful restaurant - fantastic decor and ambiance - I felt as thought I was in Havana. Service was extremely friendly - the servers handled their tables and big parties very smoothly, all while smiling.

Now to the food... the empenada appetizers were good. The black bean soup had great texture - very thick, however it was lacking in seasoning. My entree was not great - I can't remember the exact name, but it was something along the lines of a ratatouille type dish - lots of roasted vegetables. My dining companion seemed to like his entree much better than I did mine.

The cocktails were delicious - absolutely perfect. All in all not a great place for non-meat eaters. For vegetarians, it might be a good place for a cocktail, but for omnivores - I would say go for it!

4 stars for a beautiful evening. There were some kinks and room for improvement, but color me impressed by the Philadelphia dining scene!
Ohh, Stephan Starr. I've really really tried to avoid your restaurants, let alone LIKING one of them, but alas. My plan has failed horribly.

I recently spent my 22nd birthday here with my family and had an ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL meal. We spared no expense and got like 4 appetizers and 5 entrees and each one was delicious, although I will say some more so than others. The kobe beef meatballs were seriously to die for. My sister and I would've literally licked the plate clean because the sauce that came with it was super tasty but, thankfully, we have manners and settled for using bread. The empanadas verde were also really good and light. I enjoyed the oysters rodriguez but I found that the potatoes or whatever they were that were under the tiny ball of fried oyster to be too sweet and kind of overwhelmed the main point of the dish - the oyster. I didn't get to taste the bacon-wrapped dates because everyone else got to them first but clearly they were delicious too. 

In terms of entrees, I decided to be a spoiled birthday girl and chose the most expensive dish on the menu - the sirloin. In some ways I regret it because even though it was really good, it didn't blow my mind. Perhaps it's because the other dishes were a lot better but I suppose I kind of expected a $36 dollar dish to be super delicious. The papas that came with it were good, slighly greasy, and the other aspect of it was just some cut up tomatoes with bleu cheese on it. Not creative, but not bad either. Now, my boyfriend's tenderloin on the other hand was great. It had a really good sauce and came with yummy asparagus. My dad's pollo was super amazing and tasted just like the street chicken you would find in Mexico or some other South American country (that's a good thing). Although I will say that the fennel tamale that was served with it was gross, but I hate fennel. My sister got the maple-glazed tuna, which was served almost like tuna pops. I enjoyed it but I found it weird that a glazed tuna was served with a red sauce. Both were delicious, I just would've preferred them separately. The absolute BEST dish that we had all night was my mom's, and she got a special sea bass that was an addition to the menu. Holy hell, I kid you not when I say that it literally melts in your mouth. I've tasted some good seafood in my lifetime and this was LITERALLY the best dish I've ever had. I wish I could have that sea bass at least once a day for the rest of my life.  My dad actually agreed and said that this was the best meal that he's had in years, which is huge because he is also a restauranteur and is usually way too critical to really enjoy most dining experiences. 

The service was superb. Our waitress was super attentive and made me realize that I could neverever work in a fine dining restaurant because she took care of so many minor details that I would never think of doing. I will say though that I found the hosts to be way too fake nice. I understand that you have to be but seriously, a plastered on smile never left her face and it was just so obviously insincere that it really rubbed me the wrong way. 

All in all, I would definitely go back here if it was a special occasion or I somehow came into a lot of money. Seeing as the latter won't happen any time soon, you'll find me here on an anniversary or on my birthday next year.
Get your Cuban soul vibin' with a Mojito at Alma de Cuba. I frequent the happy hour and let me tell you, with a drink in one hand and a chip with guacamole in the other, life feels pretty amazing. I am partial to this spot also, cause I met my lady at a private party here 2 years back. Always a classic with a twist of fun, I need to spend more time here.
I was looking for a place to have my birthday dinner while visiting friends in Philadelphia. Alma de Cuba was on my list but wasn't my first choice of restaurant. Being that is was last minute and AdC had reservations available, I went with it and was soooo glad I did!! The ambiance was exactly what I wanted - dark, sexy, good for a group, not too loud but felt lively and festive. The server and staff were excellent, drinks were delicious (especially the sangria) and we were more than happy upon being seated. It's the type of place where you could wear jeans and a nice top or your best cocktail dress. 
Food was great - we starts with an order of beef empanadas and the appetizer sampler (we ordered for two and it was definitely ONLY for two - two small servings of each item). We then ordered main courses - the crispy pork was easily the best thing I've eaten all year and the steak was great as well. We didn't have room for dessert but I would make a point to come back for it given how good everything else was.
The food, and atmosphere was simply amazing! The best cuban food that Ive ever tasted! The waiter was very helpful as he listened to what tickles my tastebuds and gave some suggestions of what dishes I would like. The portions were large and price was very affordable!
Stephen Starr is a bad ass...get over it...naturally, this means that Alma De Cuba exudes a sort of an idealized sophisticated cabana feel with gigantic windows that allow the sun to season your food with its glittery rays. 

The rolls here are amazing. They're cheesy with sweet crumbly crust. It might be an abomination against cuisine to make this comparison, but if those RL Cheddar Bay biscuits got glammed up a la Haus of Gaga style, these rolls are what they would become.

The Japanese Red Snapper Ceviche was party-in-your-mouth good and when paired with cilantro and sweet potato...dearest Stephen, it's not good to create competition between your restaurants.

The Creamy Coconut Quinoa was just that. Creamy. Coconutty. Cilantro-y. (If you don't like cilantro, you probably should get a refund for your taste buds.) 

But the starr of the meal was the Sugar Cane Tuna. I'm not sure if the sugar cane is actually cooked with the tuna, but this dish was absolutely fantastic. Seared tuna...wrapped in some sort of phyllo-but-not-really and then served over some creamy vegetables? Genius.

The sangria was okay, but it lacked kick, which is kind of sad because Cuba's supposed to be sultry and sexy. Opt for just red wine instead.
The drinks are good... and they definitely got the vibe down. but my goodness, their ceviche needs a lot of improvement. It was dry, lacked flavor, and hardly any fish. Also very stingy in their proportions. After living in Miami for 5 years, I thought I'd give this place a try. Its expensive and for a Cuban place... i thought it was a great sin to get the ceviche oh so very wrong. 

On the other hand, the pork was cooked perfectly and the portions were generous. Slightly on the fatty side, but the meat portion was very tender and juicy. It's a lot for one girl to finish, so I'd recommend sharing it with another person.
I love this place.
Decor 10 out of 10, Taste 10 out of 10.
and seriously is it a chef making these meals or a chemist. the mixture of the flavors is just perfect and amazing. you enjoy every bite you take. and wow the bread to start off with adds this moist and chewiness that you want to savor.....
you can't go wrong with this place. the duck and the salmon was wonderful and great portion size too! but like it said. i loved the bread lol
Alma de Cuba exudes a sexy cuban atmosphere, delectable food and top notch service. Dined here for my fiance's birthday during our trip to Philly and we had a remarkable dining experience. Loved the ambiance and decor, it was very sleek and sexy. For starters, we ordered the Alma sampler which included the royal palm dates, oysters, and smoked marlin tacos. Everything was cooked to perfection and every bite was flavorful. Entrees were just as amazing. Recommend the mahi mahi and the honey mustard glazed salmon. You must order the Tapioca pudding for dessert. The tapioca pudding was served in a actual coconut and was complemented perfectly with guava oatmeal bars. Love this Cuban restaurant, will definitely come back to try other dishes on their menu. Everything on their menu looks delectable. I highly recommend this restaurant if you are visiting Philadelphia.
Alma de Cuba is a nice restuarant, set in a very intimate atmosphere. The food is alright.  I ordered the seared salmon and while it was plated and garnished well, it just was missing the mark. It was the first time I had medium-rare(?)salmon, so it was a little bit of an adjustment to seeing slightly raw salmon once you cut into it. I understand that you want to prevent dry salmon, but there's other methods to maintain succulence. I asked the waiter, and I ate it cautiously. I just don't like to see fleshy pink in the middle of salmon at all. This can be subjective, or a matter of preference. The others in my party said their food was pretty good-- but nothing raving. What was notable, was the gluten-free rolls we were given at our table. It was absolutely delicious and is worth ordering by itself! Please don't forget to get these.

The service was friendly and the bathrooms were satisfactory.
Not exactly sure why it took me so long to try out this gem?! Maybe because of its location... anyway from the outside you would not guess that it is ginormous on the inside, ground floor is more like a bar/lounge area with 3 floors of dining area. We had reservations so we were seated on the second floor, our server was extremely pleasant and made some solid suggestions! 
The interiors has Cuban nuances, slightly dimly lit, but its super cozy, perfect for a date. 
We ordered the guacamole twitch a couple of cocktails. The guacamole came with plantain chips and was delectably fresh! 
We also ordered smoked chicken croquettes and cubanas (beef empanadas). Good portion size and the sauces complimented the flavors. We were too full to order the entrees, but definitely next time. 
We were told that the Ceviche Tasting is totally worth it as well!
It does seem a shame that I only pass through a city as great as Philadelphia and always for work. Whenever I finish whatever business I have there, I usually bolt out to the 30th Street station and take the Acela Express to the glamour of Gotham. So I have to say it was quite a treat at last to have a fine dining experience in the heart of the city near Rittenhouse Square. Recommended by colleagues who know the town far better than I do, this is one sleek, hip and popular place but surprisingly, I didn't feel trapped due to the spaciousness of the multiple floor layout and the attentive service. Ricky Ricardo could have sung "Babalu" here though it still would have been a tight fit for his entire conga band.

My colleague and I were fortunate to be there during Restaurant Week because hey were offering a $35 three-course Prix Fixe menu that looked awfully appetizing from the selections. But first things first, we needed cocktails, and this was clearly an excellent excuse for a mojito even with the below-freezing temperatures outside. I tried the $12 El Jefe Mojito which mixed 10 Cane rum, lime, mint, sugar and bitters into a tantalizing treat that was clearly muddled and shaken by an expert pair of hands (photo: http://bit.ly/1nCkPAi). The Cuban bread rolls were warm with a nice chew thanks to the cheese inside, quite addictive and they replenished our little plates with little provocation (photo: http://bit.ly/1kuBUZy).

This gave us a good head start on the first course, the Sea Scallop Ceviche. It was the standout of the evening s there were quite a few grouped artistically together, marinated gently with celeriac leche de tigre and topped with pomegranate seeds, hazelnuts and elderflower (photo: http://bit.ly/1gOxkFO). There was a lovely freshness to the scallops which was enhanced by the rest of the ingredients. Denying myself the Pork Ropa Vieja Tacos,the other appetizer choice, I felt it was also light enough for me to get away with the second course, the Lechon Asado, which was a ridiculously huge portion of crispy roasted pork pieces mixed with congri rice and sour orange mojo (photo: http://bit.ly/1oFowoa).

What should have been a sure thing turned out to be a near-miss as the inherent greasiness of the fatty pork somewhat overwhelmed the dish. It is rare when I cannot finish a pork dish. Really rare. For dessert, I bypassed the Alfajores and the lure of dulce de leche in favor the Coconut Tapioca, which ended the meal on a high note with a hearty serving mixed with brown sugar syrup, pineapple jelly and coconut espuma (photo: http://bit.ly/T0smev). It had just the right level of light sweetness to offset the pork I just had. Service throughout the evening was quite consistent and not too unctuous for such a popular spot. If I find myself in Philly again - and i will - I may just return to this stylish Cuban culinary find.

FOOD - 4 stars...ceviche is superb but the fatty pork may be just too much of a "good" thing
AMBIANCE - 3.5 stars...very hip and modern, spacious but also a bit dark and quite loud
SERVICE - 4 stars...quite helpful without the attitude you would expect in a place like this
TOTAL - 4 stars...not too authentic but awfully tasty all things considered
Yeah yeah, the ambiance and decor are totes redic for dates and shit.

The waiter knew his script and was super attentive.

The lechon asado...the skin was super crunchy and the meat was tender...and they gave you a ton of it...

...but the FAT in between the skin and the meat was soooooooooooooo thick and gelatinous, that I felt nauseated after I had like 2 pieces.

I got a to-go container and gave the majority of my meal it to a homeless lady and she enjoyed the F out of it.

I'll be back for other items on the menu...I guess.
Super fabulous dinner spot.  The bar looked like a bit of scene, but the dining room was perfect - still hip and happening, just less scene-y.

We started out with mojitos - definitely the drink to choose here, they are exceptional, not too sweet (a common pitfall when it comes to bad mojitos).  We shared the dates and plantains - both incredible.  I had the vaca frita and my date had something porkchop-like - frankly, my vaca frita was so amazing that I could only barely look up for a moment to make sure he was enjoying his entree as much as I was mine.  He was. :)

They don't skimp on the portions, so you're in for some major eating when you come here.  Seriously delicious cuisine.
During one of the snowstorms of Snowmageddon '09, my friend and I ventured out to Rittenhouse Square to take pictures of the pretty scenery. We wanted to go to Village Whiskey originally, but they were closed. So as we traversed back home, we stumbled upon Alma de Cuba. One thing about Steven Starr establishments: he really knows spacious and decorative. I didn't really dig the whole image projection on the walls. Otherwise, the space is very romantic with low-seating.

I ordered the Duck Raspado, which included pomegranate marinated duck breast and crispy rice with duck confit, sherry raisins, scallions, and pine nuts. I didn't really understand the crispy rice. Was it burnt rice? Huh? Otherwise, the duck was succulent and delicious. My friend ordered the Pionono, which is described as a Puerto-Rican sweet plantain roulade of zucchini, basil-tomato sauce and queso fresco served with roasted garlic and broccoli rabe. It was an odd and bland dish.

The highlight of this visit? Caipirinhas! I ordered the Black Cherry while my friend ordered the Original Lime. I think the Black Cherry won out.

Will come again. Though, why are the bathrooms located all the way on the third floor?
I don't really find oversized projections of poor working people to either be in good taste or particularly appetizing when you are being charged so much for food.  The whole thing bears the olfactory signature of imperialism, of which I'm not a big fan.  The food was not bad, but I've had authentic Cuban food for 1/4 the price they charge at Alma, plus I'm not a fan of hefty drink prices.  

If you want to impress a date that doesn't have strong leftist political tendencies, this might be the place to go, otherwise, give it a pass.
Ceviche in so many ways, ok 7 ways but all the ways were amazing, the special if the night was a watermelon habanero which made my eyes tear. I also had some peaky toe crab watermelon gazpacho which was fabulous. The seafood rice was very salty but had a good deal of well cooked seafood in it.
Again, I'd love to give a half-star. But alas. I love the interior of this place - its beautiful and warm and makes  you feel like you might be eating on an outdoor porch, in the gloaming. The food, however, is a bit overrated. Perhaps I just need to stop eating expensive "peasant food" and hoping for a revelation, but I think you need to do something special with rice and beans to charge this much money for them. Considering Alma only  has ONE vegetarian entree, my options were limited. While my sweet corn cakes with grilled zuchinni and delicate tomato sauce was tasty, it wasn't a $20 dish. And the $7 asparagus side? Forget about it. Not that interesting. The real deal for vegetarians here may be the black bean soup which, while it isn't mind-blowing, is tasty, and filling, and hugely portioned and cheap. Also, I should have had a fancy drink. Maybe it would have changed my mind, and bumped the review up a star.
Get excited, Alma de Cuba is now open for lunch!

Yes, I drink for lunch and couldn't pass up an Alma Colada.  It was delicious and the extra chunky shaved coconut was a nice accent.  I had a Cuban sandwich, which wasn't particularly exciting.  The slow braised sugarcane pork was out shined by the honey ham.  I could get better meat at the deli counter at Albertson's.  And the sandwich was so greasy, I had to pick thru what parts I could actually eat with a fork.  Granted, after all that, I was still hungry.  For dessert, I tried the chocolate cigar.  It was really a cute idea and I won't go into details to spoil it for someone who might order it.  But I laughed out loud when my server "lit" it. 

Stylish atmosphere, I was fascinated by the projections on the walls. But I prefer regular chair height tables and chairs.  Snobby little crew at the hostess desk, server lacking personality, bored looking bartender.  Okay, maybe lunch here isn't so exciting after all!
Amazing! Delicioso! Perfecto!

I had been to Alma de Cuba a few years ago for a graduation dinner and it blew my mind back then. But now that I am becoming a regular yelper I decided to come back so I would have more to say about the goodness found at this place. So, last week I learned that this restaurant has great happy hour deals! The classic mojitos are $6, and so are all of the appetizers at the bar. That includes the dates, yes...THE dates. Wrapped in bacon. Oh my god.

It also includes other goodness like truffled guacamole, etc. I can't wait to come back for more now that I found out about this great deal on some of the best food in Philly!
We were walking in the area and decided to stop here for drinks and appetizers since we had dinner reservations at a place nearby. 
Love this place the decor it's super sexy and elegant. 
I had the flojito (guava frozen mojito) which was really tasty and had enough liquor in it. 
I tried the tostones with garlic mojo and carnitas empanadas. Both were delicious and full of flavor. 
I only got a small taste of the food here but I'm definitely coming back next time I'm in town. I can only imagine how great their whole menu is.
Okay, its time to tackle a very tough review I've been putting off for a while. Alma De Cuba. Its my favorite 'high-end' restaurant in Philly even despite the fact that I attend other places more frequently; places which are 'looser', 'slacker'; less rigorous. I only visit Alma once in a long while because its special; its intense; its not to be taken lightly; taken for granted. 

'Striped Bass'..'Le Bec Fin'.. nope--both of those fall slightly short. Even my favorite oyster houses like 'Devon' and 'Sansom St' do not compare to Alma, in the way that I'm stipulating here. Those last two mentioned are bright; loud; sneaker-acceptable places. But you don't come to Alma to be a part of a boisterous crowd; you don't come here wearing a t-shirt.

Alma is in a separate groove of dining; its more a lounge than a restaurant (all the furnishings suggest this) but the food is as high-caliber as almost anywhere; and anywhere which claims to match Alma in food quality probably doesn't match it in creative flavors and dishes. Its just not simply a 'steak' or 'seafood' place. More on that later.

Alma is predominantly an experience. Everything is soft and subdued; hazy; fuzzy, diffused. Entering the cozy snatch of Alma is like allowing yourself to be tranquilized or en-tranced; you move --everything moves, actually--as if its all somehow submerged in a viscous, warm, pinkish-orange, throbbing, humming, fluid. Waitresses glide by like nymphs; supernaturally slim and dapper in their tailored white linen jackets with tiny lapels. One steps toward you to receive your order. She is soft-voiced, enthusiastic--pony-tailed--almond-eyed. Its the waitress you've longed for all your life. She promises to return. You sip exotic multi-colored drinks while you wait for her--and the items she will bring--in a kind of detached, amused, suspense.

All voices are hushed. Everything seems light or floating. Nothing ill or untoward can happen here. Chisel-chinned men lean on granite console tables in blazers and expensive wristwatches and ties; speaking in riddles about yacht schematics; or dogs they loved. Their women sit nearby with their knees close together;  jewelry swaying from their necks and wrists, murmuring about baths or friends they used to know.

Trays of food drift by; the corners of the room reverberate with--Astrud Gilberto, samba-- your thoughts dwell on some old mansion in some old movie you saw as a kid. Eventually you lapse into a stupefied reverie. You keep up your side of your conversation; but all your senses are buzzing. Its extremely pleasant to recline back and await your dishes; knowing they are on the way; knowing how good they are going to be.

The food--as I said--is not just 'this plate' or 'that plate'; 'this style' or 'that style'--its an overall Latin or island  experience where all the flavors meld together--with your drinks--immersing you in a set of very harmonious, complementary sensations. Cirtrusy, mint, or spicy elements linger on your tongue between sips or bites.This all sounds very fawning; yes--but 'Alma' is simply the best restaurant for this type of 'enveloping' experience I can name.

Favorite dish: crab empanadas; a concoction of warm crab mousse and slivers of cucumber. An appetizer. $20. One of six such apps all of which are superb (but this is definitely the standout). Its so good that it makes your eyelids flutter; you cut it and fork it into your mouth with precise care and deliberation; it commands the attention of every cell in your body and you stop talking to just stare wide-eyed at your partner, while you chew. You think about it for months afterwards. 

Alma de Cuba. Stands alone in my mind the way Peter Luger's does in New York. Nothing else I can say.
.
After having Alma de Cuba really hyped up for me, I really thought my experience was just O.K.  

Maybe it's because I was in the mood for a real ceviche and have actually had it, or maybe it was the atmosphere, that was honestly a little lackluster for me.  

The restaurant is really dark, as some people have said, and the first floor, where we sat was just awkward.  The chairs are couches that sit too low on the ground and far away from the table so you have to scoot close to converse over the general loudness of the bar area, which is right behind/all around you.  I was also was not a fan of the projected images of "native" Cubans (children, old people, fat guy) on the walls that decorate the first floor.  They seemed silly and out of place, especially since the rest of the decor is obviously trying to be trendy and modern.  Check the glowing bar.

Now, I could easily overlook these things if the food could have redeemed it for me, but sadly it was only O.K.

I had the rainbow ceviche (tuna, salmon, some white fish) and the ensalada verdana as my meal.  I guess it depends on what you are expecting for the ceviche.  It tasted like someone just took small sashimi pieces and plated them in a generic asian sauce that had a little lemon juice in it.  It even had some sesame seeds.  whaaat? Only the pieces of white fish actually tasted similar to real ceviche because it could soak up the flavors of the marinade...

The salad was also sub-par.  Some of the greens were wilty. It had too much dressing and was freakishly salty in parts.  

Though I knew it was expensive going in, I was expecting the quality of food to make the price worth it... not so much.

The little bread balls that they give you beforehand were good however!

Alas, not enough to redeem my Alma de Cuba experience.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong things? Nonetheless, I think I will save my Stephan Starr restaurant outings for Morimoto, which has much higher quality of food and better atmosphere.
One of my favorite restaurants in Philly! Best ceviche and bread in town. Beautiful decor and great service every time I've been there. I will definitely return.
Had a girls' night out in Philly and stopped by here for happy hour. I loved the intimate, laid-back atmosphere and really appreciated the attentive service. Happy hour takes place M-F from 4-7pm in the lounge and there's a nice selection of drinks and finger foods to choose from. My friends and I opted to share pitchers of red sangria and they were delicious (at only $15/ pitcher, this was a very dangerous situation...). Food-wise, we tried the tacos, rainbow ceviche, and yuca bread. I think the yuca bread is normally served during meals, but we ordered it anyway. I kid you not when I say these amazing round pieces of starchy goodness are very, very addictive.

I'm such a fan of Alma De Cuba, and I'd highly recommend this spot to people visiting Philly. I can't wait to try out items from their full menu the next time I'm in the area.
This is a booze-only review.

The beautiful people were out for Center City Sips last night--and they all flocked to Alma de Cuba.  The crowd was fully slicked back/ reapplied/ pushed up/ and rearin' to get their drink on at 5pm sharp!

There were no tables to be had by 5:10pm, so my friend and I stood while we tried not to guzzle our delicious sangria (with a pineapple aftertaste--yum!) and mojitos (fresh fresh fresh lime juice was so perfect!).  

The drinks went down easy and there was eye candy for all--it's twentysomething heaven there, so feast up! (and be warned!)
Well slap my uncle and call me Starr-struck: Alma de Cuba rocked!  Going in, I was expecting to be impressed by the decor but underwhelmed by the food. My belly and I are pleased to announce that we were wrong on only one count.

Alma really is beautiful. It's dimly lit and full of warm tones - a perfect fifth date spot, if-ya-know-what-I-mean (wink wink).  There's a lounge area and a bar when you first walk in, where you can order drinks and appetizers, and the restaurant is upstairs.  The whole enterprise is elegant and classy.

All of this I was expecting. The food, however, surprised me.  My party of 4 decided to share three appetizers, two entrees, and a dessert, and it was the perfect amount of food.  (We were four ladies, though - your linebacker friend will probably need his own app and entree.)  The Japanese snapper ceviche was delicious, and the dates were rich and mouth-watering. I didn't love the chorizo sliders - I found them a little mealy - but my dining companions enjoyed them a lot. We had the salmon as one of our entrees, which was delicious, moist, and complemented very well by the seafood and rice stew-type-thing on which it was served.  The cuban cigar erred a little bit toward style over substance, but it was still enjoyable. Add in coffee (but no drinks), and our bill was a wholly reasonable $130, plus tip, split four ways.

Alma de Cuba, I had you pegged as style-over-substance and not worth my time. I was wrong, and if you can forgive me, I'll be back... and this time I'll try your famous cocktails.
I couldn't find more than a couple of menu items that were vegetarian. That puzzled me as Yelp has their "Veggies go crazy for this spot" stamp on the page. The empanadas verde was a great starter and I ordered a beans dish as my entree. All yummy but just a little over priced. Seating here was difficult to get even though my
Date and I waited at the bar with our handcrafted mojitos for nearly an hour. We ended up getting seated on the lower floor on what resembles a sofa chair which is good for drinks and anyone here to chat but not necessarily for a close dinner.  
I would definitely recommend their mojitos:
The black berry and the sugar cane.
Bottomline: Super romantic spot for super overpriced Cuban inspired food.

EMPIRE: Stephen Starr should get a lot of credit for pushing Philadelphia's food scene in the early days and executing a myriad of cuisines with consistent fare and service. Alma de Cuba is part of that empire and has continued to stay the course.

FOOD: While traditional Cuban fare can be modest, the flare of a Starr Restaurant is unmistakable and almost unnecessary here. The food is fine enough but the prices are mismatched.

SPACE: Super romantic, the space is great for a date or a business casual dinner with someone you want to impress with hushed lighting.
We came for dinner with two out-of-town friends and we were pleased with our meal. We were seated promptly upstairs and I was reminded of why I love the decor and vibe of Alma de Cuba so much. We started with scallop ceviche and a salad (I can't remember which one) and both were absolutely fantastic. I wasn't super hungry so I decided to go with the vegetarian entree and I was really disappointed. It just wasn't good. At all. My fiance's steak was absolutely delicious and I was quite jealous - I wished I had ordered something else. Our mojitos were OK....my fiance and I started out with the suave, which had nasty, nasty mint. We actually pointed out to the server that the mint just didn't taste fresh so she could tell the bartender (I was actually gagging because it tasted so chemical-y). While our next round tasted, better, I thought it would have been appropriate for her to offer to take those 2 drinks off the tab, but she didn't offer anything. Overall it was a good meal, but I think there are places with better food in the city. But if you're looking for upscale food and a beautiful, fun ambiance, this is a good bet.
Alma - you disappointed me very much tonight - but redeemed yourself a bit in the end.

I had long been planning a cocktail party at Alma for (originally) 10-12 colleagues and friends.  I called the restaurant, as I have had 3 parties here before - and although I am aware they do NOT take reservations for Happy Hour/Bar, I wanted them to at least know we were coming at 4:30 so they would not be taken by surprise.

Well, we were taken by surprise when we arrived and the front door was locked - It' was about 4:10 PM.  So I thought - "maybe they don't open until 4:30??" and we went to a cafe and came back at 4:30 - and one of my friends was waiting at the door (since 4:15).  So I called them and they said "We open the bar at 4." and I replied, "Well, we're standing in front of the door".  So they apologized and came and opened the door.

And things went downhill from there (and then came back up).

We were seated and then told that happy hour ($6 Mojitos and Sangria) does not start until 5.  So basically if we ordered any drinks they'd be full price ($9).  Also there are no more 1/2 price apps - so we were stuck paying $12 - $15 for the apps. (Which greatly affected my plans - since I was to be paying for the food and my friends paid for their own drinks).  Oh - and any apps we ordered would not come out until after 5 because the kitchen is not ready until 5.

Finally 5 PM came and we began to drink and eat - and folks came and went (about 16 in our party in all - and we spent HUNDREDS of dollars.).

The handling of the bill was a huge cluster fiasco - I was able to pay for my drinks and the first rounds of apps on one bill - but Janel, our server, put all the other drinks on another (large) bill and then folks who left had to battle it out with cards and cash to figure out who owed what.

So then we had about 8 people remaining and things calmed down.
The manager brought us a small sampler of finger foods (tempura battered baby corn, fried chickpeas and something else) gratis.

A friend and I were still hungry so we split a (delicious) entree of duck breast.  The kitchen split and plated it for us at no charge which was great.

By now, poor Janel - who I really think hated us at the beginning of the night was getting much friendlier.  She brought us a Chocolate cigar (also complimmentary) and we ordered a few dark & stormies and were on our way.

We had fun - but the beginning of the night was very, very rough and we seriously thought about going elsewhere - but stayed since it would have confused the (12-15) other people in our group.

It's a shame really, in 2011 and 2010 I threw similar parties (with 1/2 price apps and split checks) with no issues and great service.

To ask your guests to wait 30 minutes (after waiting 15 at the locked front door) and not honor the Happy hour is poor form.

Next year?  There is NO WAY I will have my party here.
Too rich for my blood.
In Philly on business and saw this restaurant.  We asked the concierge at the hotel how good it was....he said it was the place to go and booked us a reservation.  The place is decorated great with couches and hip decor.  The hostess was great, the food fabulous, the service terrific too.  For an appetizer we had almond-stuffed dates wrapped in bacon with cabrales blue cheese...to die for.  For a main dish I had the Cilantro Honey Mustard Glazed Salmon with banana, lentil salad, and fresh horseradish cream.  It melted in your mouth and I am very picky about salmon.  My business associate had the Cuban Shrimp and Grits with laughing bird shrimp enchilado,sweet corn tamale grits and she enjoyed her dish as much as I.  We split the Chocolate Cigar made of almond cake wrapped in chocolate mousse, dusted with chocolate and served with dulce de leche ice cream.  The dessert looked like a real cuban cigar and tasted heavenly.  I recommend this place whole-heartedly and hope that I will have a chance to go back again.  Lord help the restaurant I go to tonight.  This will be hard to beat.
OK, I don't eat pork and even still (menu is pork heavy) this places ROCKS my world.

Hands-down best Mojitos (get the classico - don't fart around with mamby-pamby-fruities) and Caipirinas anywhere.  You could drink yourself silly.

The ceviche is fresh and lovely - if just a hiar on the salty side.
The chicken soup came with fresh peas that the ladies shelled that morning.  My husband (back then fiance) had the Lechon - roasted piggy - which I could not eat - but he loved it.  The Vaca Fritta was spot-on old-school style.  EVERY BIT was worth the elevated calorie count.

Yes, it's a "scene" (what Starr joint isn't?) yes it's uber-expensive and YES IMHHHO it is worth it.

Go for a birthday - or if you can expense it, or if a date will take you - but try it - at least once.  It is an EXPERIENCE and I loved every minute of it.
I know, I know... we're supposed to hate Stephen Starr.  But... I just can't do it here. 

Why?  

Because happiness is the crispy layer of pork fat on Alma de Cuba's lechon.
Alma de cuba is an excellent place to dine. I loved the Black Cherry Caipirinha very tasty drink. My favorite is Pan de Bono.
I have to review this place now, maybe within 5 hours of eating here.  cause our dining experience was that good.

I was really excited to take my parents here to eat when they came into town this weekend.  My family loves eating out.  It's like a hobby for us complete with giddy food critic talk of subtle taste blends and complimenting textures and presentations.  (It even goes as far as being neccessary to call any siblings that weren't present at a good dine out to rub it in about EXACTLY what they missed.  This even happens sometimes right at the table)

Low candle light, and warm colors made the mood nice and intimate.  It was just getting a little loud with a big table to our side when we were finishing up but perfect for us to be able to talk all through dinner.  I had made a reservation to be safe even though it was a Monday, but it was fairly packed.  The service was very attentive and our waitress lovely.

The food was amazing.  I love it when I make just the right decisions and this meal was chock full of them.  Starting with the crispy calamari.  It was fried but not too heavily and came on a cute long double fused plate with the light vinegar salad across from it so I could mix it together as I willed.  Papa had the Oyster Rodriguez which was just awesome and he loved it with plantains mashed up perfectly with slight taste of bacon.

I had a tough time but finally picked the chilean sea bass (Slap my hand, usually I avoid danger listed fish eep).  It was delectibly encrusted, just the right portion, and had a great spicey quinoa with a cooling cucumber salad on top.  yummmmm.  My tummy sang sweet pablo neruda  love songs to that sea bass.

Everyone was in awe of how good their dish was.  One of the MVPs was a curious mix of an Anise Tamale.  But ohhh what a mix.  Incredible to taste both together done just right.  Though this review is long it wouldn't be complete to exclude what most meals are incomplete without.  dessert.
Ma and I opted to share the apple crepes with bitter sweet chocolate and smokey vanilla ice cream.  The plate was gorgeous with the chocolate paint brushed in one line across and the crepes folded with icecream balancing and melting smokey goodness over all.  
What?!! smokey?  yes.  smokey vanilla ice cream.  like a hint of good grandfather pipe smoke.  I hope it wasn't just a special but there always.

Go here.

Now I have to email this review to my sister.  for she will be jealous.
Mucho gusto, Alma! What tasty good you have.

I wasn't sure what to expect and I was so pleased.  The app sampler was real good for a small group.  The real treat was the lechon.  Oh my GOD! It was so good, filling, and rich.  I love my dessert and I had no room for dessert.  The lechon was cooked perfectly.  I think I need to sneak into Cuba, so I can compare Alma's to some restaurant in Havana.  I bet Alma will win! 

Thanks for the tasty food!
When I was young and broke, I used to make it my priority to come here, at least once a month.  This is one of many Steven Starr hits, for good reason - he has made simple Cuban food into a trendy affair.  Just imagine yourself on a rockin' Saturday night, in a blazer and jeans, sipping either on capirinhas or Mojitos (or both), while relaxing in their first-floor lounge.   Mix in a few well-dressed women, and you got yourself one fine, sophisticated evening.   Even better than a club, IMO.

Ah, those were the days...
My husband and I visited Philly this weekend to see the Van Gogh Exhibit at the Philadelphia Museum of Art and celebrate our anniversary. And then we had a fabulous dinner here. Oh My God....the food here is amazing. It's just ridiculous, and let me tell you - we over-ordered, just so we could try many things. We started with the ceviche sampler, the smoked Marlin mini tacos and the bacon wrapped dates. There were three different kinds of ceviche - all were delicious. The bacon wrapped dates were like heaven - seriously - the mix of sweet and savory, wow. The mini tacos - again - wow. We had a bottle of red wine - a Malbec, and I got the salmon for an entree, all was phenomenal, and our waiter was great. If I do visit Philly again, I will definitely come back here!
Alma, you never disappoint me.  I hade my birthday party here in March (11 women with mucho mojitos, caipirinhas and many apps.)

Tonight however was a simple evening - executied perfectly.  A close coleague and I shared the divine thinly-sliced scallop ceviche - bright with tangy acidity.

We also shared (gotta have 'em) the tuna tartare tacos and royal palm dates.  A heavy but delicious bowl of duck confit fried rice - brimming with umami goodness, topped with poached egg and studded with currants and edamame beans.  And of course, a sweet side of maduros with a drizzle of crema.  (Who needs dessert?  Heck, who needs entrees? We were stuffed.)

Instead of dessert she had a Mighty Leaf tea and I got a delicioso cafe con leche.

What a meal!  What a night!

And fabulous service from the lovely lady who served us.   I wish i could remember her name, but I just can't.

Oh - and I had 2 virgin Clasicos and my friend had a black cherry caipirinha and a Clasico Mojito.

Still on top of its game.

Love you Doug-y baby!  Even though you beat my sorry a$$ on "Ready Set Cook" in 1996.  Poor me - I was paired with a wimpy pastry chef from California.
i've been here once for dinner and it was great.  and honestly, i hate to say that because it's a stephen starr restaurant...but it really was.
mojitos are tasty and strong.  mango martinis are also tasty (and strong!).  always a good choice for summer sips as well.

the waitress on this night, although attentive, was kind of weird.  but whatever, she did what she had to.

they have a bar menu that they serve until 1am, and it's got the fabulous truffle guacamole with plaintain chips.  yum yum.
amazing Cuban food - cant fault the drinks, appetizers or the main course. Have been here multiple times and will be back again. Service is great but the place can get crowded so get reservations.  This is what a great dinner looks like:

1. Classic Mojito
2. Smoked fish tacos
3. Roast pork
4. Good company
I was about to give Steven Starr a bad name after a bad experience at Buddakan, but luckily I tried Alma de Cuba with my parents. My parents really liked the Mojitos, and they were good-but not GREAT (Gigi on Market St. has great Mojitos).  We also shared the "Ceviche Mixto" which was really good.  The ceviche portions are small though, so I wouldn't recommend splitting this as an appetizer-ball out and get 2! 

I ordered the wrong thing "Chicken Combo" which was chicken, rice, and beans with Manchego cheese--it was OK.  But My parents' food was BOMB!  OMG-get the Vaca Frita (Fried Cow), it is so flavorful or the Beef Tenderloin.  You can't go wrong with either of these dishes.  We didn't order dessert, but the Chocolate Cuban Cigar looked like a really cool dessert (they light it).

I will definitely be back for a special occasion.    The atmosphere is so inviting and ultra modern.  Starr really stuck to the Cuban theme from the waiter/waitress attire to the HUGE illuminated pictures of a tobacco field (3rd floor, it's a must see even if you are not seated on the 3rd floor).  Ok, I think I've talked enough--just GO!
The marriage I was celebrating here (3rd anniversary) was doomed, but the meal sticks with me. From the first moments through the front door until we were back on the street after dinner sighing happily from our experience, Alma De Cuba was a perfect place to spend a special night. The ex-wife has similar memories of the dinner, which speaks to some kind of perfection. 

The food is such a classic remix of Caribbean and specifically Cuban food that I can't even. It's just...ugh. Words are hard to throw at the amazing stuff this kitchen produces. I'll try to walk through the meal, but pardon my inability to fully express the delights of Alma De Cuba. 

Everything we ate was perfect. Divine. Heavenly. Blissful. Let me just cut it off instead of continuing to throw adjectives at the food. 

There is one dish that bears pulling out separately: The tuna entree was so beautiful, so fresh, so flavorful with quirky little Caribbean touches like fresh sugar cane speared through the cool, rare little bites of joy. Oh, and the desserts were like chocolate elevated, with sweet touches added. (For example, we noted on our reservation that we were celebrating an anniversary. The pastry chef wrote an anniversary message on our dessert plates. It was very sweet!)

Our server also nailed the wine pairing, and I would expect nothing less. This meal was worth the investment, worth the trip, worth the everything. Hell, I'd get married and divorced again just to have another meal like this at Alma De Cuba. 

Accessibility notes: hidden elevator. No Braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak hours. Dim, although individual table lights can be adjusted upon request.
I've been here 3 times now, twice for food and once for drinks.  This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city!  Had my birthday dinner last year here, and was so amazed by the food I had to come back.  I brought my sister here for drinks and appetizers at the bar several months later.  Now here's my review, from last night's dinner, phenomenal, again!

We had the fluke octopus civiche, and the Alma sampler appetizer.  The App was stacked on 3 levels (see my photos), of which the tacos were my favorite, along with the dates.  The dates were just the right mix of sweetness and flavor, almost tasted like roasted plantains.  For entrées, we had the rare tuna, which creatively had a small bone attached for a unique presentation.  The seared outside seasonings were terrific, and the coconut rice was creamy and sweet.  We also ate the scallops, again, amazing flavor, atop a bed of dark grains similar to couscous.  The sauces and seasonings used by the chef are top notch, I wanted to lick the plate!   My friend ordered the 14oz ribeye, with diced potatoes and a savory green cream sauce on top.   For dessert, we had the rich chocolate truffle cigar w/ side of ice cream, and also the tres leches, a peach sorbet with plantains and coconut rice pudding.  Everything was to die for, I couldn't stop saying "Mmmmmmm!!"

There's 3 floors, the main dining area is 1st & 2nd floors. Both are dimly lit with candles and creative decorations on the walls.  Service is great, always attentive.

Alma De Cuba is definitely my favorite Caribbean/Cuban type restaurant in the city.  The ambiance is swanky and upscale, the drinks are creative and unique, and the food is some of the best I've ever eaten.   Order the Motorcycle martini!  Its tequila shaken with egg whites for a frothy fruity flavor.  Yumm!   I recommend this place to everyone and anyone, just expect to spend a decent buck, it's worth it!
***THIS IS A RESTAURANT WEEK REVIEW***

Good food
+
Great drinks
+
Inattentive service
=
A fairly typical Restaurant Week experience, AM I RIGHT!?

For those who desire more details, please continue...

THE FOOD

*Shrimp ceviche -- My favorite dish of the meal, beautifully arranged, perfectly cooked shrimp, and the avocados were excellent
*Vaca frita ("Fried cow") -- Solid main course, the meat was wonderfully flavorful (citrusy, even), but there were A LOT of onions on top
*Tapioca -- Whatever... The other choice was flan. Guess you were out of luck if you were looking for something that wasn't creamy and overly sweet.

THE DRINK

*Havana old fashioned -- Tasted mostly like a normal old fashioned!
*Dark and stormy -- Made with actual ginger beer! Great!
*Hemingway daiquiri -- Sweet, sour, strong!

THE SERVICE

*Inattentive, but fairly receptive to special ordering requests.
the one thing steven starr places *usually* get right is the service.  alma de cuba is no different.  from the moment i walked in, until when i left, i was hit over the head multiple times with AMAZING and ATTENTIVE service.  

vegans:  the black bean soup (with out toppings), the root vegetable salad (called the crunchy cuban vegetable salad) , and the lentil/rice cake entree are all suitable to eat.  i got the spinach, carrots, and two types of plantains on the side - i just had to specify dairy on the side  and no butter.  for dessert there was a vegan sorbet - but again - *some* of their sorbets use dairy - so you just have to be clear. 
the server knew EXACTLY what vegan meant, and went out of his way to ensure my items were vegan.

highlights included: TOSTONES!!!!!  my absolute most *favorite* surprise of the night, i had never ordered them before and was blown away by the flavors.  also the hazelnut guacamole, the cumin carrots, and the crowning finish - coconut milk coffee. 

alma *always* has a special place in my stomach - but last night - either i over did it, or they did - because i'm not sure i can fit into my clothes right now, i ate so much amazing food!
I have to tell you, every time I come to Philly I literally run to this place as fast as possible. Given that I live in the middle of Illinois, Cuban is unheard of so I had no idea what to expect the first time I ate here (back in 2008). I could kick myself for not reviewing sooner, but as you can see it comes highly recommended by travelers and locals alike. 
The atmosphere is cool/chic/comfortable, but by far the bar level is the most comfortable. I've sat upstairs and it is not nearly as special. The waitstaff here is second to none and I would say if you haven't eaten here trust 100% what they recommend...they are always spot-on. My favorite is anything off the ceviche list and the bread is like none other. Their mojitos are incredible. I always drink it too fast and have to get another one (which frankly is not always a good idea for my lightweight tolerance to alcohol, these suckers are strong!). I've had the vaca frita (sp?), which is wonderful and all of their desserts are incredible. I would recommend, if you have 'room', to get the coconut tapioca pudding...a real surprise for even those who aren't coconut lovers. 
I have one word for this place...fabuloustastyawesomechicunforgettable...if that is a word!
Ok, So I will be the first naysayer. I didn't really like this place. I mean it wasn't BAD but it wasn't GOOD either y'know? 

Food and drinks - In my opinion not good. Food, is everything that's been done before, though the names sounded somewhat inventive, when you actually got the food - it just wasn't tasty. Ceviches were very blah, the fried oysters were over breaded with too much cheese. Yes, mojitos were strong but they didn;t have the right balanceof mint, sugar and rum.. they were just strong and not very tasty. 

Decor - Ok, like the fans and high ceilings in the dining room, felt the first floor lounge area needed a refresh in design.Overall, just Ok - 

Vibe - Ugh - weird mix of couples on their first date that thought they were in Miami (one chick was wearing a white dress micro mini that would have looked HOT In Miami but in Philly she was just trying too hard) and mix of birthday parties and older single guys and girls.. Just a weird vibe...

Staff - Our waiter was likely "smokin" all night did not pay any attn. at all..

Sorry everyone, I may have high standards but sorry to say, the food, decor and staff just weren't all that. Like I said, not bad but definitely not good either.
Amazing food and decor! Must try: red snapper ceviche, rainbow ceviche, fish tacos, vaca frita,fried oysters  and palm dates!! Overload of goodness!
Came here for my husband's birthday while we were in Philly for the weekend and we were not disappointed. The restaurant is quite pretty and we were seated on the third floor. Service was super friendly and helpful and with our reservation we were seated right away.

The best part of the restaurant was the food though! While we looked through the menu, they brought the cuban sweet rolls and they were good. Not as great as people have reviewed prior, but they were nice. We weren't super hungry so we started with something light, the ceviche trio. We had the Thai Mixto, Shrimp and Fluke. My favorite was the thai mixto which had a lovely coconut flavor that went perfectly with the seafood and mango. The shrimp was also super tasty though a bit reminiscent of shrimp cocktail. The fluke was nice with the asian flavors of yuzu and soy. All three were a perfect start to the meal and we were not disappointed. 

For my main course, I had the duck and my husband had the vaca frita. His steak was fork tender and quite a large portion. He enjoyed it greatly. I loved my duck. It was cooked perfectly and the flaky potato crisps and creamy yucca and sauce were amazing. One of my favorite duck dishes ever. For dessert we got the chocolate cigar which was good and a nice touch to the end of the meal. It was not a super large portion, but it was very rich and decadent and we didn't need all that much to feel satisfied. I also had a cafe havana which was sweetened with coconut milk and it was so creamy and tasty, almost a dessert on its own. 

Prices were to be expected, and overall it was a nice place and meal for our only dinner in Philly. It would have been a nice gesture for them to have comped the dessert for my husband's birthday, but other than that, no complaints!
The restaurant has a very nice and intimate vibe with dim lighting and elegant decor. Perfect for a date night! With reservations, we had no trouble getting seated on a Saturday night. The service was excellent and our waiter gave us very good suggestions for what to order.

The ceviche was wonderful and very fresh. I highly recommend the Rainbow, Ecuadorian Shrimp, and White Tiger Salmon. I am a big fan of seafood and for the main dish I ordered the sea scallops. They were phenomenal! The best sea scallops I have had in a long time. The dish came with a crab and corn quinoa, which I was worried about because I am not usually a big fan of quinoa, but it was delicious!

I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone. The swanky atmosphere makes it perfect for a fancy night out!
OK, just so we understand each other, I have no idea what I'm talking about half the time when it comes to food. All I know is what my tastebuds tell me. If something is good, I'm happy. If something is bad, I'm not happy, and usually that is followed up with a lengthy trip to the loo. So, how am I feeling tonight? Happy, very happy.

Met a friend tonight at Mahoghany for a quick drink. After we were done, we needed food and needed it now. So, we walked down the block and spotted this joint. We've been talking about going there for awhile but never got around to it. Finally we stepped inside. 

We were greeted and seated immediately. Decor is modern I suppose, dimly lit and comfy little tables. Looked nice enough. They had a pre-fixe diner special going so that's what I went with. Started out with some octopus dish, followed by my entree of some Brazilian Trout (well, that's how it was described to me, started with a P or something) and finsihed with caramel flan. 

I was worried about the octopus. Only had it one time before and wasn't a fan. But I wanted to try something new so I went with it. The first piece I had was the end of the tentacle and it was kinda rubbery so I was worried about the rest. But, I soldiered on. Suffice to say that was the only piece that was bad. The rest was cooked good for me. Not sure how octopus is supposed to be cooked, but it wasn't tough at all and was pretty tasty so I would def. get it again. 

Then came the main dish. My trout and shrimp. Again, was a little nervous since I have never ordered trout out anywhere ever. Well, I need to stop worrying so much. It was also delicious. Nice and flaky, great flavor, and the skin tasted almost like bacon. Had a nice crunch that really complimented the fish underneath. The shrimp was fresh and also very tasty. They serve it on something that I can't pronounce but it was garlicy and went very well with the rest of the dish. 

The flan, well, it was flan .It was good. I ate every last bite, but meh, nothing special 

Oh and the bread they serve was to die for. Very sweet and doughy. Was a great start to the meal. 

Service was excellent also. Very prompt and accomodating without being overbearing. All in all a great experience. So why no 5 stars? Well, because I just don't know enough about cuban food so though no fault of their own I took one away. I'm feeling malevolent tonight so I'm taking a star away from Starr......

Cliffs notes

Ate some octopus, ate some shrimp, ate some trout, and some flan. Topped off with a mojito. It was good and worth the trip. I would go there again no questions asked.
I thought I'd share my wonderful experience at Alma de Cuba for my 100th review. Whoohoo!

My boyfriend and I ate here for restaurant week after hearing so many good things about it from friends. It was pretty crowded inside, so we had to talk a little louder than normal to have a conversation. The decorations were very clean and romantic.

We started with the smoked heirloom tomato gazpacho and ensalada de tierra verde. Our waitress warned us the the gazpacho is a cold soup because some people are caught off guard by that, which I thought was nice of her. It was very unique and unlike anything I ever had before. I'm a huge fan! My boyfriend enjoyed his salad (I can't comment - I hate salad).

For the main course, I had a pork chop. I enjoyed it until I had a bite of my boyfriend's vaca frita. It was one of the best pieces of beef I've ever had, perfectly tender and juicy, and matched perfectly with its sides. The pork chop was good, no doubt, but it just couldn't compare to the vaca frita, which was arranged with its sides to look like a flag on the plate.

We finished the meal with some carrot cake. Our waitress and host were both wonderful and we had a really nice and romantic dinner. I'll have to make him take me back!
First off, kudos to Alma De Cuba for being an unexpected and iconic experience in Philadelphia. The restaurant is beautiful, the portions are generous, the food and drinks are memorable, and the service couldn't be better (very friendly, and even chased me down the street to return my wallet). 

The old Spanish architecture reminds me of a restaurant you might experience in Tampa or Miami, and the entrees and ceviches were truly unique and fresh experiences unlike the traditional cuban pork and beans experiences. I had the orange glazed pork over rice and beans which was served in heaping portions, slightly crispy and moist. There was so much that it could easily have been shared, which I did with a homeless man on the street since I dined alone (actually decided I may do that more in the future). 

The classic mojito was the best I've had, though small for the price. 

Overall, excellent experience with great service and excellent food in a memorable place.
Beautiful, upscale Cuban restaurant in the heart of Center City. It has three levels, the first being a trendy bar/lounge and the next two for sit-down dinner. Came here with two friends on a Friday night and it was very crowded, so definitely make a reservation. We ordered three ceviches: shrimp, salmon, and tuna. All were fresh and flavorful. Next, we ordered vegetable empanadas and duck fried rice. Everything was delicious and worth every penny. For drinks, we ordered their famous mojitos, which definitely live up to the hype. I would recommend coming here for a special occasion or romantic dinner.
"The night was dry, yet it was raining"....  LOL  as I stumbled past the construction barriers on Walnut St to give Alma de Cuba a try.  OK all of you Starr haters come out of the closet and have at me.  Yes, another visit to a Starr creation, and this one with a Cuban/Latin flare.  It fits the mold...pleasant and comfortable decor, good idea for a theme, good follow through with the menu.

Sitting at the bar I was greeted by the most wonderful bartender, smart, professional and very very helpful during the course of my menu perusal...a 5 star server, really.

The ceviche sampler was very very good.  If you are a ceviche fan you will be pleased.  The yellow tail, the thai misto (shrimp, crab, fluke and octopus) and the tuna were my choices for the sampler, each one distinct in preparation and flavor, extremely fresh and comfortably resting in their citrus, oil and herb base.  Complimentary popcorn and corn nuts, to cleanse the pallet between the separate flavors, was user friendly.

For an entree I had a crispy roasted pork dish over congri rice (which had only a small handful of beans in it, which was fine by me) rich in Cuban flavors.  The crispy skin of the pork was the best part of the dish.  The pork was very tender, but a touch dry beneath the crispy bliss.  A side of Yucca was fried, kind of decadent, a bit oily, but addictive, too addictive as the cubed-cuts dropped like lead sinkers into my stomach one by one.

The atmosphere was eclectic and diverse in age.  I am glad I finally tried this Starr stop, and would definitely recommend and put on a list when I am in the mood again.
Great food with cuban influences is a must try. The food as well as the atmosphere makes this a go to in Philadelphia . Their reasonably priced tapas & cocktails is also a plus. Make sure you try the lobster empanadas w/ a blue coat & lemonade tell them Cease sent you
So this Stephen Starr restaurant did not really meet my expectations!!! seriously it is over-rated and over priced of course. 
Was so noisy that I couldn't talk to my partner and we were listening to our neighbors conversations the whole meal which wasn't impressive anyway. The decor supposedly romantic with the dim lights and cozy atmosphere, you can do that in your own home and order to go and go the whole 9 yards!
Two Yelps!
A friend from home came to visit me in NYC and we planned a trip down to Philly for the weekend to visit a friend. While waiting for him, we decided to get in town early for dinner, and I must say I am so glad we stumbled upon Alma De Cuba!!!

As the cab pulled up, we didn't know what to expect, as we chose the spot on recommendation alone. Upon walking in, we requested a table for two, without reservation. We had our things with us and the hostess gladly took our things and hung our coats. +1 for the coat check! The ambiance and decor was very nice, as was the music they played. 

We began our meals with a few drinks and an appetizer: my friend ordered the Classico martini and I ordered the mango martini. They were not only delicious but they made for a great catchup session between friends that live 3,000 miles away from one another! I definitely recommend the mango martini; sweet yet not overbearing and still tastes like a martini. For the appetizer we ordered the Empanada de Verde. It was SO good! I highly recommend.

As for the main courses, my friend ordered the Chicken Imperial and absolutely loved it. She said that it was very flavorful and the meat was tender. I am a strict vegetarian and was a little skeptical of this place since the menu seemed a bit limited for me. Notwithstanding, I ordered a side of grilled asparagus and a generous portion of black beans, seasoned to perfection.

Our overall experience was lovely, from the welcoming hostess that seated us rather quickly although it was a bit busy, awesomely attentive service, above average drinks, to the clean bathroom (always a plus) and the AMAZING food. 

I HIGHLY recommend Alma de Cuba! Can't wait to go back...
I can only comment on the happy hour, but I will definitely be back for dinner sometime. I came with a friend and we both tried their classic mojito. We had asked our waitress about the drink specials, and she recommended the classic because she said it was stronger and less sugary than the suave, and we're glad we listened to her advice. The drinks were amazing, and they even came with a stick of sugarcane, so if for some reason you didn't feel the mojito was sweet enough, you could chew on that.

We also split the truffled guacamole. When it first came out, I was skeptical of the plantain chips that came with it. Thankfully, the chips were not as sweet as I had expected, and they blended well with the guacamole and relatively strong (but delicious) truffle flavor.

The happy hour is very reasonable. Drinks were $6, and so were the appetizers. I think dinner, though, will have to be for a special occasion because the prices are a bit steep.
First time dinning out with some friends at this high end cuban restaurant. The drinks are strong and the food is amazing. The price tag is up there too. But so worth it. Deserts are really good too. Service is moi caliente!!! lol. Superb. Fine Dining at its best. Ceviche, Duck, Ahi Tuna.... mouth watering. I never knew Cubian food was this good.
Love love love this place. I've been here about 5 times in total, and every time it's a stellar experience. 

Atmosphere- dark, sexy, intimate. A great spot for a date! 

Service- tip notch. I always have friendly, knowledgeable service here. 

Drinks- their mojitos are no joke! Definitely come for happy hour and try some drinks at a discount. 

Food- YUM. The food here is consistently inventive, filling, and delicious. The ceviche here is my absolute favorite. I also love their guacamole. If you come for happy hour, you can try a number of bites on the cheap! Otherwise, the place is on the expensive side. 

Location- right in Rittenhouse, super convenient! 

Overall- go go go. For a unique, tasty culinary experience, you've gotta try Alma De Cuba.
Mmm more like 3.5. Not worth a second visit sort of a fancy dining place. 

Good: Tasty mojitos. Apps were the best. The thai young coconut mixto ceviche were very light and refreshing with a nice thai flavor. Oxtail bone marrow croquettes were also really good. Ambiance was the typical expensive food with the darkest lighting. Def a special night sort of place without too much formality. Or I would maybe come back for the bar and apps. Although each app is a price of a meal. 

Bad: But the mains were meh. Not worth the money. We should have just ordered more apps and mojitos. Portion isn't small. But flavors lack a certain...oomph. Lk not really exciting to be biting into this but it's not bad kind of a taste. We got seafood paella and vaca frita (skirt steak).
I am pretty puzzled as to how this restaurant got such high ratings. Maybe I set the standards too high after reading yelp reviews and seeing the prices of the food that was expecting a lot. 

The ambiance was all really nice but it pretty much stopped there. I'm not sure if I came after they got a new set of waiters and cooks, but there was a lot of disconnect. It started with ordering where I was the only one who didn't receive food when it all came out. I placed my order along with the rest of the party, but for some reason it was forgotten. Finally upon receiving my plate, I moved everything out of the way in order for the waiter to put the plate in front of me. For some reason, he decides to put it ON MY UTENSILS on my right instead of in front of me in the open space...??? The plate was literally slanting over because it was sitting on a fork and knife. Also the waiters had NO IDEA who ordered what, they were just placing plates wherever. 

I ordered the shrimp ceviche which really just shrimp salad. Typically ceviche is raw seafood "cooked" in lime juice, but in this case it was really just cooked shrimp drizzled in lime juice. Taste wasn't bad..but it wasn't really ceviche. We also got the Oxtail Bone Marrow Croquetas, they must have cooked all the marrow out of it because there was not much left. 

Next I got my "seared" salmon. And I put quotes around seared because there was nothing seared about it. It really was just baked salmon for $26. Nothing to remember, the salmon didn't have much taste either. I also tried my friend's Peking Duck fried rice which was a very sad attempt at bibimbap. Not much flavor and the "hot stone" pot wasn't even hot. 

As I mentioned before, ambiance was romantic but the very dim lighting can be dangerous. I would suggest adding some lighting at least on the staircases leading to the bathroom. Literally, the staircases were BLACK and it was very dimly lit. I had to walk very slowly just to make sure I didn't miss a step. 

The mojitos were good so I'll give them that.
I lived in South Florida for a long time, had a lot of authentic Cuban food. Love this place! Everything is perfectly made and there is a nice ambience.
I came here on a Sunday night with some friends. The place is lovely and very well decorated. The service and staff were friendly and the food came out pretty quickly.  I had the Bronzino entree, which was very tasty. The drinks here are very strong and and they have a great beer selection.
Amazing! Fries in canola oil. And I almost had my pick of the menu even with my soy allergy. We will be back! Wish this was in DC....
Poor vegetarian selection, but everything else is great. Order a pina colada. The ambience makes you feel like you're in Cuba, but they leave out the bad stuff like Castro and the cars from the 70's. Great date restaurant even though the only time I've been here was with my dad and relatives from India. If you're in Philly you have to make it to this restaurant.
Alma De Cuba is one of those places that when you mention you're going there to someone else, it always evokes a response like "Oh that's my favorite place!" or "It's soooooooo good!!" So I had high expectations for this place and I think for the most part, they were met. However, I also think that there are other Latin restaurants in the city which are just as good but much cheaper (Distrito, Lolita, Chifa, Mixto, Xochitl, Cantina Los Caballitos). 
I came here for Restaurant Week to discover a cool, modern atmosphere (typical of a Starr restaurant) and very appealing menu. Though with the exception of the RW menu, the prices were not so appealing. 
I ordered the tuna ceviche, the palm dates, the Chilean seabass and the flan. The ceviche was very tasty but super expensive. It will set you back $17 for a few morsels of tuna. I love ceviche and am used to ceviche prices, but 17 is pretty steep. I fell in love with the palm dates! They are a MUST-TRY dish if you come here. The seabass was very good as well and the fish was cooked perfectly, however I didn't think the pickled cucumbers on top complimented the dish at all. They were yummy on their own, but there was no reason for them to be with that dish. The flan was wonderful, with the blood orange and pomegranate as a nice touch.
Overall the dinner was great, I just wish I could afford to come here more often.
No.555

If you've ever slapped somebody and instead of them responding with a slap or escalating to a punch or a bodyslam they say, "thanks I needed that" then you have an understanding of what Alma De Cuba is about. Thanks Alma De Cuba... I needed that. 

The breadlings with the chimchim sauce and the caipirinha with the black cherries are tools of intrigue in that... if you were to feed them to your enemies, they'd be giving up sensitive information in no time. After a couple of bites and a couple of sips I was under. I was drifting off into a nod like an itis-nod, but I didn't even start eating yet. The seats were plush and the lights were low TOO... what!? Easily the most comfortable lounge I've been to.

Sometimes when it comes to our favorite delicacies we most enjoy the first bite because we're hungry in anticipation, but sometimes it's the last bite we most enjoy because we don't want the experience to end. Among the Lechon Asada, I make no distinction. Every bite is as good as the first and the last. It was crunchy, soft, and chewy all at once. The meat went down without struggle, but the skin was stubborn... and I liked it.

Gripes: The crowd wasn't as fly as people made it out to be (at least not in the lounge) and there was quite a bit of confusion between reserved and free flow seating. I was there during happy hour and my server finagled me into an upsell on drinks. I wanted the specials and she didn't tell me that what I was ordering wasn't the special. I specifically asked. The cost is negligible. I just didn't appreciate the slight of hand.
The food here is inarguably delicious... both to the stomach and to the eyes. There were 4 of us, and from the ceviche to the entrees to the sides, every dish we had was interesting and tasty. Absolutely no complaints. 5-star quality. 

But apparently, I must be suffering from a curse - the curse of unpleasant Starr restaurant experiences. Because once again, I was somehow blessed with another server who gave us attitude. One of my friends was not familiar with the menu, so he asked her some questions about some ingredients. 

It's really part of a server's job to know the menu and be ready to answer menu questions. People come to Philly from many different parts of the world. Our server just rolled her eyes and curtly provided answers in an irritated way. I hate to see people mistreat my friends when we're out having a good time. Sometimes, people ask me obvious questions and make me feel impatient, but when I work in the service industry, I always try to exude as pleasant an appearance as possible. I tipped her 20%, but looking back, it seems a bit unfair to so many servers out there who do a much better job.  

Also, when we walked in, the hostess was talking to another worker. After pausing a moment, I had to politely interrupt her in order to check in. On our way out, she completely ignored us.  I must have picked a bad day to come here because I keep seeing all these reviews about good service, but all major aspects of service were sorely lacking during our visit. (By the way, this was several months ago, on a somewhat slow night, early in the evening.)
It has been about 12 hours since I left Alma and I have yet to stop thinking about the deliciousness I experienced while there.
On a super rainy afternoon, a friend and I craved warmth, sun, and of course, booze. We decided to try Alma for happy hour. The happy hour (5-7 pm on weekdays) takes place in the lounge area, a dimly lit, somewhat swanky area with a bar and some tables. Decorations are minimal but nice. Specials include some mojitos and sangria and $6 tapas bites. 
The mojitos do not disappoint. Served with sugar cane as a garnish, the drink was delicious and strong. Continuing our fantasy world of still being in summer weather, we also got white sangria which was fruity, specifically peachy, but not overly so. The bartender was great, giving suggestions on what to drink and eat. He even let us sample the next batch of sangria, with cinnamon and apples. Yum.
The food didn't disappoint either. The royal palm dates were tasty bites, wrapped in bacon and bleu cheese. The smoked marlin tacos had a nice subtle heat. However, the truffled guacamole was what really sang. I am pretty sure I had dreams about this guacamole last night. The truffle taste shown through, but didn't over power the rest of the flavors. And the plantain chips were delicious.
Overall, I was really impressed with Alma de Cuba and cannot wait to find another excuse to return.
This is my 100th review. So I picked some place special that I keep forgetting to write about.

The decor in these place was really impressive. I really felt like I was in for a good experience just walking up the steps. The waitress seated me and I sat down to look at the menu. I started off with a mojito and then ordered a pork dish. 

Now I had never had a mojito, so this was my first. I knew there was a lot of alcohol in it, but the mint just overpowered me. After three sips I knew I couldn't finish it. I ended up ordering a 20 year old Macalan instead. Now that was freaking awesome. 

The pork dish was good and had a lot of flavor, though a little on the fatty side. Since my experience with cuban food has been limited to cuban pressed sandwiches and ropa vieja, I didn't know whether the fat was part of the cooking or not. I presumed it was for flavor. I did had to do some work in order to get the pork out and away from the fat. 

I ordered the chocolate cigar for dessert, along with another Macalan. The cigar was a heavenly chocolate cake served with ice cream and if I"m remembering right, a chocolate cigar band. 

I left sated and with a warm glow in my belly.
My friends raved about a particularly cuban place in Philly so I made a stop in with them. After entering, it seemed slow but that was just the first level. Once we got to our area, the restaurant was pretty packed on Saturday night. However, it does try way too hard to be cool.  The dimly lit atmosphere and pink candles make it a little hard to order to be honest but that's just my old age showing. 

I tried the steak and while good, I wouldn't get it again. It's standard skirt that was seasoned well. However, it was slightly overcooked. I know that's probably it's made authentically, but it didn't do it for me.  The pork dish was great though. I loved the crispy skin on moist pork.  I only got to sample a few bites because I couldn't bear to eat all my friend's food. Like stealing money from a child, if money was salty succulent pork. To wash it down, start off with one of their mojitos. I was briefly drunk from drinking prior to coming here so of course I went with the strongest mojito they make. Best decision that night amongst many terrible ones.
I recently went to Philly for a vacation with my fiancé and did some research about great restaurants to eat at, but didn't find much that really stood out. After asking my cousin who has lived there most of his life, he suggested Alma De Cuba and I am incredibly grateful for it!

As soon as you walk in, the low lighting, pictures on the wall, music, and staff are very inviting and make you feel comfortable. The tables and seats are low to the ground, but as long as you don't have back issues it's still comfortable.

I ordered the Cilantro Honey Mustard Glazed Salmon for dinner. Let me just say that I have eaten salmon hundreds of times in my life, but this was without a doubt the most tender, flavorful, and delicious salmon I've had the pleasure of ordering! The blend of flavors was perfect and the size of the salmon is just right if you intend on eating dessert too. The small pieces of banana on the side were an excellent touch as well.

My fiancé ordered the Chicken Imperial. I only tried a couple small bites of it, but I still remember how delicious it was nearly 3 weeks later! Finally, we ordered the Chocolate Peanut Butter Bombe for dessert....MAN, oh man was it tasty! The marshmallow inside was perfectly centered and toasted just right. Same for the chocolate and peanut butter blend. Once again, the signature touch of banana slices is an added bonus.

Overall, I could not have been more impressed with the experience we had here! The prices are more expensive than I am used to, but if you can afford to go whenever you want or want to splurge to celebrate something special, you have made a wise choice!
I'm always on the search for new places to try, I've been looking at Alma's website for weeks dying to try their food. This on night I decided to bring a lady friend for her birthday. First of all the atomsphere is amazing you get the feeling like your dining in little havana. A truly unique dining experience. The table we got to sit at was perfect we had an amazing view of the whole dining. Our server had great knowledge of Spanish wines, we ended up getting some great mojitos. Looking at the menu I had so many choices, I started with the Japanese ceveiche which was delicious very fresh with a little spice and a hint of fresh lime. Then I had the smoked marlin tacos. I've never had marlin so I didn't know what to expect. When it arrived I was so excited I picked up the first of five bite size tacos and was hit in the mouth with a spicy, smoked, delicious flavor.  As for the mojitos quite delicious, not as sugary as the others that I've had and very strong just how I like them. For my main course I had the vaca frita, one word fantastic flavorful, vibrant, and fresh. I know I sound like a fat kid eating like this, but j had to get dessert. I end this delightful culinary adventure with a nice port wine and a cheesecake empanada, our server made a great choice it was a ware's 1999 port if I'm not mistaken. A great way to end a night. I will certainly be back.
My expectations for Alma de Cuba were tempered by the fact my girlfriend doesn't really have a taste for Cuban or Spanish food, and I thought she was just indulging me in something I really wanted to try. My expectations were also tempered by what a ROYAL pain in the ass it is to get to Philadelphia from the Pocono Mountains, where we live.

We stupidly thought we could find street parking on Walnut.. which deserves a hearty laugh in and of itself. After circling the block a time or two, I looked catty-corner from Walnut and there was a parking garage right there. SCORE!

We came to Alma de Cuba (or "Soul of Cuba")  expecting a very busy restaurant so I called the restaurant and was told a reservation would be necessary. We told the hostess we'd like to have drinks in the lounge and then have dinner. She then asked us if we would like to check our coats and to enjoy [the lounge].. We declined the coat check and headed straight for the glowing, dramatically lit bar. The bartender offered us menus and informed us we had made it in time to enjoy some happy hour beverages and snacks.

After noting the lack of room at the bar for our coats, I brought them back to the hostess and she cheerily took them off my hands. Mojitos and Caipirinhas (KY-PER-REEN-YAS) dominated the happy hour drink menu, so bottoms up! My girlfriend ordered a Black Cherry Caipirinha ($5) and I ordered a Suave Mojito ($5) with Bacardi Limon, sugar cane syrup, lime juice and muddled mint. 

We relocated from the bar seats to an inviting lounge area which buzzed with the spirit of Havana with leather sofas and panoramic landscapes defining the main dining area . Finally comfortable, we were able to peruse the menu and enjoy our delicious and strong drinks.

The menu, especially for two people who have never really had authentic Latin or Cuban food, is a bit daunting. We initially made our reservation under the premise of ordering off of the Restaurant Week menu, but with pretty limited options, we chose to enjoy our drinks in the lounge and order whatever we felt like once seated. As we finished our drinks, we headed back to the host stand to request a table. 

There was no wait and we were led back into the loungeand taken to a two person table closest to the kitchen. I was not fond of being that close to the kitchen, but I had no problems with our table. If anything, it was nice to have our waitress within our sights at all times. 

The menu left us with a lot of questions and we lucked out with a super knowledgeable server. Our waitress greeted us, brought menus, more drinks, and this delicious yucca bread served with chimichurri sauce. The bread was delightful to eat and perfectly chewy and slight sweet. We've even tried to recreate it.. but had no luck finding yucca flour at Wegmans. We should just call the restaurant for the recipie.

With our waitress's help, we started with the Smoked Marlin Tacos with the Rum-cured Marlin served in malanga boats with pickled jalapenos. This appetizer was simply amazing and I loved how all the different flavors tied together beautifully. Next, I decided to try some of the Ceviche. I had never had Ceviche before but I chose our waitress's recommendation.. the Rainbow Ceviche. It had tuna, salmon and black bass marinated in lime juice and jalapeno with roasted sweet potato slices. The acid in the juice cooks the fish ever so slightly and all the flavors just exploded in my mouth. Fantastic!

For entrees, I had the Lechon Asado which was roasted pork, congri rice and "orange mojo" (marinade) and my girlfriend had Maine Diver Scallops with Pastel de chocolo (puff pastry) and piquillo chimichurri. 
Dinner blew us away! My girlfriend finished every bit of hers (portion was a little on the small side.. 3 scallops?) and my pork was tender, flavorful, and perfectly cooked. We also ordered a side of Grilled Asparagus which was savory, a little sweet, and grilled to perfection. 

Perfection would be the word to describe to meal to this point, and that continued with  dessert. My girlfriend chose the Traditional Caramel Flan which was a creamy caramel custard served with a sorbet of some kind and I ordered something that turned heads; the Chocolate Cigar. It's an almond cake wrapped in SUPER rich chocolate mousse, dusted with more chocolate and served with dulce de leche ice cream and it did NOT disappoint! It came with a little "matchbox" garnish that our server lit on fire. Beautiful presentation and even better taste.. this coming from someone who typically doesn't "do" chocolate desserts. I can't imagine a better chocolate dessert anywhere. 

I have to say, I've been to about twenty restaurants since the New Year has rolled around, and there isn't one restaurant, one chain, one anything that has been as memorable as our meal at Alma de Cuba. Yes, it is pricey but worth every penny! If you live in the Philly/Tri-state area.. get here!
I dined here last night with another couple and we were highly disappointed in the food.  My husband and I are big into the Philadelphia food scene and love to explore various cuisine. This was on our list and unfortunately it turned out to miss the mark for us.

The wahoo tacos were extremely small and bland, but the worst was the mojito cerviche. We were picturing a light, energizing and zesty dish, but out came a plate of shrimp drowned in overpowering cilantro sludge that looked like green baby food. (See photo.)  It was not edible so we sent it back (something we NEVER do!) 

Our waitress was kind enough to switch it out, but the Thai Coconut Cerviche was also a let down. Edible, but rubbery and soaked in coconut water.  I had high hopes for the cerviche here. The crab empanadas were fine and had a nice crunch, but were sub par at best.

I'll end with the highlights, because not everything was unenjoyable.  The bacon wrapped dates were the best dish by far, bursting with sweetness, grounded in the savoryness of the bacon all while  accompanied by the creaminess of the blue cheese.  Those I devoured. The small balls of bread were also very moist and had a similar taste of cornbread to me.  For dinner I got the Vaca Frita which was good - the steak was a little over cooked and crispy but it was enjoyable overall. That being said, I wouldn't come back just to seek out that dish specifically.

The ambiance I did love - it was cozy and romantic for a double date. Service was excellent and the food came out super quick! They seem very organized here.  Sad to say that we won't be returning, as the food did not live up to the hype.
I loved this place!!! First, took advantage of the happy hour ($5 monitors and $5 guacamole - with smoked pineapple). Then, we were seated on the spacious second level for dinner.... and yum! Every dish was fresh (ceviche sampler), full of amazing flavor (bronzino) and served with class and style (thanks to David our waiter). Just great! It isn't cheap, but it is a treat.
This is no doubt my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. It's not authentic Cuban food, but I don't think anyone who goes there would expect it (being a part of SRO). It is very difficult to say which is the best:  food/drinks, service or decor. 

Each time I have gone there, the service has been flawless. The servers were professional, polite, attentive, timely and knowledgeable. All I can say about the food is WooHoo! We had the:

- Yuca fries with mojo
- Smoked tuna empanada with tuna carpaccio
- Ensalada Valadero
- Adobo rubbed rack of lamb
- Sea Bass
- Vaca Frita

Just go!
My fiance and I dined here on our quick getaway to Philly on a Friday night. The ambiance is nice and the service is good too, but the food is mediocre at best. It could be that I am just not a fan of the Cuban cuisine, but to be completely honest, the dishes just didn't taste that great. I felt as if a lot of the food was probably made earlier in the day and then reheated. I would suggest Alma De Cuba for a drink only.
Meh- food was ok, ambiance was ok. I would not voluntarily choose to go back unless someone else really wanted to. It's a one and done type of place.
