I've been a fan of Alyan's for well over a decade and a half now. It's always been a reliable option for quick stop to satisfy our Middle Eastern craving when in the South Street/Headhouse district....

A $10 platter which comes complete with salad, falafel, hummus and pita is enough for me to split with my two young daughters. Fairly generous portions, especially for the price. The falafel stuffed pita is a good option when I'm a bit hungrier. It's messy and fun to eat. (Don't eat it on a first date though). 

Alyan's offers all of your Middle Eastern faves such as shawarma, tabouli, baba ganoush, etc. They do serve kabobs, but just not on a skewer. Same meat, just different presentation unless you want them in a pita sammy. Hubs enjoys the chicken although they offer lamb, beef and kefta as well. 

You're going to want to go ahead and order the fries with onions and hot peppers for your party to split. While that may seem like an odd option for a restaurant serving up middle eastern cuisine, just do it! They're fantastic!! 

They have homemade mint teas and it is BYO. 

The back room with hanging plants, pillows, lanterns and such is where you're going to want to sit when dining in, although this place makes for a great takeout night! Loading zones right out front make a quick in and out easy too! 

Service is fine. No complaints. 

I'm a fan and will continue to be.
My friends Joel and Lela have been raving to me about Alyan's, so when I was recently in the area I decided to swing by for lunch. The restaurant is basic and no-frills, a great spot for lunch or a quick dinner. 

I had the chicken kabob platter which came with a small salad, some grilled veggies, hummus and pita. I asked to sub tzatziki for the sesame sauce but they didn't have any made up, so I asked for a side of hot sauce instead. Good call there, because their hot sauce is homemade and very tasty. The chicken was juicy and flavorful and I enjoyed stuffing it into the pita with some hot sauce and hummus. The side salad wasn't anything exciting. I would have preferred a side of tabbouleh. Still, when all was said and done I was stuffed and had no guilty feelings since everything was relatively healthy. Next time, I'm hitting up the fries everyone seems to rave over!
I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet. I've been coming here for years. I think I just presumed I'd already reviewed it (go me).

Anyway, let's talk about Alyan's.

From the outside, it's divey. Hell, inside it's also divey. Sit in the back, with the plastic "greenhouse" ceiling and the 30-year-old air conditioner. Enjoy the ambiance: dangling house plants, a few dusty wall hangings, and plastic table tops (over tablecloths).

Start out with some mint tea, hot or cold (if cold, get the pitcher and ask them to go easy on the ice).

Get the Middle Eastern Combo for your appetizer, which lets you nosh on everything delicious. The hummus is either fantastic or just ok; it depends on the day, but it's usually good. Don't hit the pita too hard (despite its soft, fresh deliciousness) or you'll never make it through your mains. When you run out of pita despite this warning, they will bring out a fresh batch right away.

If you're extra hungry, get the baba ghanouj (best in the city) and/or the falafel (no, it's not as tasty as your mom's falafel, but if you're looking for mom's falafel, get mom to make it for you, man--this is as good as it gets outside of home-made, and it's really, really good--and also the best in the city).

For a main, get the mixed grill platter or the lamb shish platter, though it's all good. If you're on a budget, get the fatoush salad or one of the sandwiches (super-stuffed).

Enjoy all the fresh, delicious, beautiful flavors. Marvel at the single waitress, always Russian, and a different one every time. Where do they come from? Where do they go? One of the unanswered questions of life.

Get rose-water-soaked baklava and Arabic coffee for dessert. Drop about $35 to fill two people up but good. Stumble out into the street feeling sated and vaguely superior to the folks sitting outside of Copabanana next door.

Rinse, repeat.
Love this place!  I usually order the falafel and hummus sandwich with the Alyan's fries.  The falafel sandwich is pretty filling and tasty and they are generous with the portions in all their dishes but the real winner is the fries, which is a mix of potatoes, onions and hot peppers.  The mix of those flavors is incredible!  I always make sure to get a large order of them, because they are just that good!  Be sure to get a seat in the back, as the ambience there is a lot of fun.  Prices are pretty reasonable and their food is always consistently delicious.  The waitstaff is very friendly and helpful as well.  In the summer, when I'm there with a crowd, we usually order a pitcher of their iced tea, which is very refreshing, with a hint of mint.  This is the one of the few places I'll eat when I'm in the South Street area.
I love the atmosphere of Alyan's. It just feels nice to sit in the back room with all the plants and the sunlit coming through from the ceiling.  The staff is really friendly and the prices are good!  The falafel sandwich is pretty damn yummy, comes with lots of fresh veggies so it doesn't feel too heavy either.  I will definitely be back for more!
I absolutely love eating here. They make the best falafel platters in this city hands down. also be sure to share a platter of their amazing fries with your friends when you go (avoid the peppers if you don't like spicy food though). top it all off with their mango juice and an Arabic coffee and your set for an incredible meal.
They also always offer up service with a smile. And you can do take out.
Good spot for some Middle Eastern fare on South Street.  Its small and cozy, service is relatively fast and menu is well priced.

My only problem there is that there is great variation in quality of food prepared.  I like turkish/arabic coffee, but most times it comes out bland there, while on few other occasions when older cooks were making it, the taste is simply superb.  Same goes for some of the food, falafel last time was overcooked and hard :-(

Still, if you want to lay off the usual pub food of South Street and not spend much, it is a good place in a good spot.
I felt like I was cheating on my Mama's boys!

Mama's VS Alyan's Ultimate Falafel Throwdown:

ALYAN's has glass tableware, as opposed to Mama's paper and plastic.
ALYAN's will let you bring your own beverage.
ALYAN's has a pita with just enough chew (Mama's is a bit bready). 
ALYAN's has the best fries in Philadelphia (hands down).

MAMA's has better FALAFEL (and that's what we're judging here, right? Alyan's is too hard on the outside, with a weird dense muffin top shape and a strange aftertaste)
MAMA's has fresher tasting toppings and salad.
MAMA's is less expensive and in a more convenient location for a quick bite.
MAMA's has a free pickled vegetables bar with your purchase.
MAMA's employees have a charm and sweetness to them unlike any other. 

I feel at home at Mama's. Alyan's isn't bad of course, and it's definitely better for dining, but there's something about Mama's...you just can't get that "hamish" feeling anywhere else.
i work here so i'm biased but god i love my free meals.

also, it's a byob which is always nice.
I LOVE ALYANS

When we come to alyan's, we usually have no plans of doing anything afterwards except rubbing our bellies and reminiscing about the recently devoured alyan's fries.

Get the alyan's fries, get one for every two people.

Having tried most things on the menu, it's all delicious, I happen to particularly enjoy the mixed grill.

They are byo, are happy to keep your beverages cold, and aren't quick to kick you out.

Yes, it's small, and cramped, but...get over it.

Enjoy!
i've been going to this place since accidentally finding it on the way to a TLA concert in 1998.

it's not a place for ambiance, but it is a great place for tasty, no-frills food.  i've eaten most of the dishes on the menu, and i'd say the following: almost everything is good.  i haven't been a fan of the lamb dishes, or the dishes with rice.  of particular note are the chicken kebab, shawarma, and the alyan's fries (with seasonings, hot peppers, and onions).  if you like it particularly spicy, ask for hot sauce; it's a fresh-ground green pepper sauce.  not as hot as habaneros, but plenty spicy and nice to mix with ketchup.

this is one of my favorite places to get a bite to eat in philadelphia, and i'm sad that i no longer live 1.5 blocks away.
There is not one other restaurant I can say this about: Alyan's has been consistently good for over 15 years. I love it so much that when I moved away I always made a point to eat there whenever I visited. I have friends that still do the same. 

The portions are the perfect size. The food is fresh and delicious, all made in-house, including the Spanikopita. I don't even think the prices have changed much since I started going in the early 90s. And somehow over the years they have managed to consistently hire some of the more delightful servers in Philadelphia. 

Some specifics... 
Get the mint tea, by the pitcher if you have enough people at the table to share it with. It is light in flavor and it compliments the food so well. 

I also recommend getting a plate of Alyan's fries no matter what. If I could order a plate of the fried, little onion and pepper nuggets that come hidden in the fries I would, but alas, they don't offer them that way. But be warned, if you go with me I will eat all of them if you aren't looking. (Also, the peppers are HOT!)

Most platters come with a salad but if you have room for it, get the arabic salad, it is so refreshing and lightly dressed...it's one of those things that just feels healthy while you're eating it. Then you won't feel so bad about the plate of fried you just ate. 

Otherwise, if you are not sure what to order off the menu I recommend a platter of any sort. They give you a good sampling of everything including baba ganouj and/or hummous and a small portion of the arabic salad. This goes for the meats/kabobs just as much for the vegetarian options. 

It does appear to be a tiny place but there is a large room upstairs if you want to go with a group, just ask! Then order EVERYTHING ON THE MENU! And it's BYOB if you want to make a party out of it.
I thought it was good, one of the older Halal restaurants in Philly so they know what they're doing.
I'll keep this simple:

BEST FALAFEL IN SOUTH PHILLY.
GREAT FRIES.
Great staff,
Cozy place to hang out.
Cheap.
Vegan friendly.
Outdoor seating in prime people-watching location.

Also a great place to take friends who "don't like falafel" (everyone likes falafel if it's GOOD falafel.) Can't recommend this place enough. I go every week... sometimes twice... sometimes thrice...
Don't judge a book by it's cover.

Try their green tea and pretty much any of their pita sandwiches are great. They are not too spicy, and are packed with juicy goodness. When I ate in, it seemed that everyone around me was amazed with their food and how surprised they were how tasty everything was.

Vegetarian friendly. Try anything and you'll be happy.
The one thing you have to do at Alyan's is sit in...don't event think about taking that falafel to go [unless you really have to, then it's ok].

The rear seating room provides a truly authentic feel to the food. The sunlight peers in through the ceiling and the hanging plants give a sense of warmth. There are beautiful throw pillows for the pew-style seats along with pictures of middle eastern markets filled with beautiful crafts to really give you an environment you just don't get at Maoz around the corner. It can get a little cramped when full seated but the food is worth it.

Definitely have a pitcher of the mint tea [served hot or cold] and some of the fries with the pepper and onions. Yum. They also have the best falafel, in my opinion, in the city.

I have not personally tried some of the other dishes simply because I do not eat much meat but they look absolutely delicious. One of the cooks can also be caught singing traditional melodies [as well as some newer mid eastern songs] in the window during the lunch hours. Hey, anyone who can sing a phrygian scale get props from me!

The price is very reasonable for the portions provided in the meals. Sandwiches will run you around $6, which for South Street is great. A Hamilton will get you one filling lunch and bottle of Egyptian mango nectar that will leave you craving for more.
Alyan's is a refreshing change from all of the pizza and burger places on South Street. Like Sue G, I get the falafel and hummus sandwich with the fries. The fries aren't your run-of-the mill kind, they have grilled red peppers and onions in it. Sitting outside is nice, since you can people watch without being directly on South Street. I've never had anything with meat in it, but the people I've gone there with have said it's been good. The decor is nice, but not over-the-top middle eastern. If you're sick of eating take out at Maoz, pizza at Lorenzos, or cheesesteaks at Jim's,  come to Alyan's
So after reading about Alyans on yelp, living three blocks away and a lover of Falafels- I treked on over one night to give it a try. I ordered the fattoush salad w/ a side of falafels. My boyfriend (who is a crazy maoz fan) got the falafel w/humous sandwich. The fattoush was huge, easily could have been shared by two and the falafels tasted fresh as could be- not premade and sitting around. The dressing was delicious, but I have had better seasoned before. He enjoyed his sandwich, he hates tomatos but didn't mind them on here! I haven't found my A+ place for falafels yet, this satisfied me but I wasn't in shock & awe. I will definitely go back for price + freshness and location.
Was kinda overpriced for the mediocre food we got. I can't remember the name of it, but I got this deep fried football looking thing (2) dinner platter and another dish I can't even remember. The mint tea was not very minty.
We went in today for an early lunch with the toddlers. There was no one in the place, so I went in to check if they had room for the kids. The waitress was rude and put out that I wanted to bring kids in there. She even rolled her eyes and sighed out loud. I just turned around and left, with a group of disappointed children.  We were so excited to get the falafel and hummus. Its not just about the food....its about the service. Phooey.
Alyan's Restaurant is a little gem in the middle of Philly! Great spot for Middle Eastern food. The place was has that small, homey feeling and kinda divey at the same time, which I love! You walk in and it's wall to wall tables (small place) but then you step into the back room and there are about 5 tables more to fit parties of 4-5 people or possibly more. Love the outdoor/indoor feel with glass ceiling and foliage. 

The Hummus was on point, swirled with extra olive oil and olives, smooth and creamy. We ordered the sampler platter to start which was loaded with lots of goodies like hummus, roasted peppers, Feta cheese, pickled onions, etc..yummy
It was enough to keep us satisfied until the main course. 

My main dish was the Lamb & Couscous with veggies which arrived on two dishes (lamb/couscous on one, chunky veggies simmering in a broth in the second dish) and it was perfect portion size. (In NY, you are given so much food at my fave restaurant that I always save half for lunch the next day)

Price was right, service was good, location was great, and it is definitely a place to return.
Alyan's is one of my go-to restaurants.  The food is consistently great and it's incredibly affordable.  It's small and low key.  BYOB.  Definitely a place to put on your list.
I love this place! The atmosphere, as many others have said, is terrific. It gives you that "Yeah, I should come here all the time," feeling. Relaxed, clean, cozy, small (sit in the back room). 

I've had their pita, hummus, falafel sandwich, lamb platter w/ couscous and hot mint tea and every single one of those items (which I order over and over) cause me to stop and have a "Damn, this is a delicious moment" moment. Hot, fresh pita, thick, fragrant hummus with extra tahini and olive oil on top, tender and flavorful lamb and veggies...mmm, the best! 

Maybe I'm just lucky, but seriously, if you like Middle Eastern fare, try Alyan's. You might get lucky, too! ;)
I loved my baklava it was perfect!
I should have bought more. Very authentic. I've had their food before too, it's delicious!
Really anything you eat from here is amazing.
Very cute, very authentic, very worth the price! I don't eat meat, but I can appreciate the authenticity of the meat cooking pole or whatever that's called.  The space is really cute (that back room is great!).  The service is fast, and the food is filling!  You get a lot of food for what you pay, especially compared to the competitors.  Their outdoor seating could be a little bit more glamorous, but I don't know if I'd want to eat on Tattoo Row anyway.  
I'm getting hungry...!
Came here later on a Saturday night, so that might factor into it. Basically I'd say this was mediocre. Mushy tomatoes, dry and crackly pita, too much lettuce. Aside from that, they do have good falafel and the humous is very refined and authentic. I have a feeling we just went at a bad time and didn't get the full treatment.  Was disappointed because the reason we chose this place was that everyone said they serve you fresh pita out of the oven. We didn't get that.
One of my favorite places for fresh, affordable, quality vegetarian fare. If I lived closer I would go to Alyan all the time, but it's certainly a treat whenever I'm around that way especially since healthy food in the South St. area is a luxury. 

Highly recommend the falaful/hummus sandwich. The mint iced tea is to die for. I want to propose marriage to the entire appetizer menu. Service is great and it's a pleasant environment. I've never felt rushed or crowded there. Best for a small group or a dynamic duo.
Terrible service. Mediocre food. I went to dinner with a friend and she had a minor complaint about her meal. The manager was sent to our table and he was immediately aggressive and defensive. He asked if we'd been to the restaurant before and neither one of us had been. He proceeded to tell us he's been in business for 35 years and we're insulting him as though he doesn't know how to cook. Neither of us said such a thing. He continued to raise his voice at us and we just asked for our check so we could leave the uncomfortable situation. I've never been yelled at for not being happy with my meal and BARELY touching. Definitely, will not be going back or recommending this restaurant. Also, their pita is a joke.
All you need to know is these are the best fries you will ever have.  Ever.  They toss in hot peppers and onions and the fries are perfect and the peppers and onions add an amazing level of heat and sweet.  I had them about a year ago and have been dreaming of them ever since and when I returned to Philly last weekend they were my top priority.

The falafel is good too.

But really.  The fries.
Delish. Cheap. 

I got falafel w hummus sandwich and Boyfriend got shwarma. Mint iced tea amazing and their fries with grilled peppers and onions... Wow! 

Everything amazing. $20 total. Hello!
This place totally hit the spot. It's definitely a little hole in the wall-ish, but it's exactly what it should be. The prices were fair for the amount of food you get. 

I ordered the falafel platter, and wow. It was so good. The falafel were super crispy and flavorful, the hummus was creamy, the salad was crisp and fresh, and the pita was chewy and soft. I also ordered the labneh, which is a yogurty dip. It was so awesome. It was way too much food for one sitting, so I took leftovers home, and the food was just as good later. 

My server was really friendly and fast. The back room was adorable. Also, I heard the server ask the table next to me if they'd like more pita, and that was cool because it's good to know they aren't stingy with the pita. Sometimes you just need more pita, you know?

I want to just come here like everyday, but I don't think I could afford the weight gain.
After my first falafel experience at Mama's..I was home craving a hummus and falafel sandwich. I drive by this place almost every day and have noticed their sign for "best falafel". So..I figured I'd give it a try because I wasn't about to hike 20 blocks just to get a falafel sandwich.

I walked there..ordered from a very friendly man who was also helping man the grill. Ordered a hummus and falafel sandwich and fries. I've heard their fries are great so how could I pass up? I Was told it would only be a few minutes so I took a seat by the door and started on the newspaper crossword that was sitting there. My food was ready quickly and piping hot, I had to hold the container by the sides the whole walk home.

I was impressed by the amount of food they could stuff in that pita but I noticed it was a little too hummusy as it started to break apart and ooze rather quickly. Still...delicious. The fries on the other hand..I was not impressed. They fry them directly with onions and peppers..I thought I'd like it but I don't..so lesson learned..no Alyan's fries for me. 

Will definitely be back next time I'm home craving falafel. They do it well, they are friendly and quick.
STAFF IN KITCHEN ARE NOT WEARING FACE MASKS.
STAFF IN KITCHEN ARE NOT WEARING FACE MASKS.

I am sorry to report that the kitchen/staff at Alyan's Middle Eastern Cuisine on 4th between South and Bainbridge (603 S. 4th) are NOT wearing face masks while handling and cooking food. 

I walked by about 20 minutes ago and decided to stop in and order some food to go. There was an older man standing behind the register, sort of half in and half out of the kitchen area (if you're not familiar, the kitchen is up front and they cook the food out in the open basically.) He was on his phone and not wearing a mask.

A younger man came over, no mask - I think he may have been waiting tables as well as taking orders at the register - and he took my order. He then went into the fridge and began pulling out ingredients for what I'd ordered, all without a mask. He conveyed my order to the man who was on the phone, who began heading into the kitchen area, presumably to start cooking.

I told them to cancel the order and that I couldn't believe they were back there without masks.

I'm not looking for an argument about mask wearing or your "rights". I am conveying this factual information, and everyone can make their own informed decisions moving forward.

VERY disappointed.
Wonderful middle eastern food. The best falafel in the city. Get a mezze platter and your set. The schwarma is solid. The pita fresh. The waitress are always nice but they are ever changing. It's kind of dumpy but the prices are good. It's been here forever. You always feel good after eating this food.
Overall I love the customer service and the decor of the place. I've tried their mixed grill, multiple times, and they have yet to disappoint. Their French fries are, hummus, baba ganoush and falafel sandwich. The only thing I have not found appealing is their chicken sandwich, I feel like their chicken is a little dry. If you, try to get a seat in the back room because it has such a homey and authentic vibe.
I ordered DoorDash delivery from Alyan's based on the rave reviews, and unfortunately the meal did not personally live up to the hype.

I'll start with the positives. The delivery was fast, and the prices are affordable (under $20). The falafel wasn't my favorite ever, but it wasn't bad.

Unfortunately, I didn't particularly care for the main course, my chicken kabob platter. It was not packaged appropriately so much of the hummus ended up dispersing throughout the container which made it difficult to eat separately. Most disappointingly, the chicken was just...not good. It was extremely bland and texturally it was quite gummy. I ended up just eating two pieces and tossing the rest in favor of the salad, which was also unremarkable.

I hate to give low scores given the current situation but I unfortunately found the meal quite lacking. Perhaps at some point I will give Alyan's another shot but right now I intend to stick with other establishments for my Mediterranean fix.
YES. Although it falls into the category of places-I-have-to-spell-when-I-rave-about-them, it's still worth the flailing arms talking about how good their falafel is. I walked in one day, on the recommendation of a friend, and just ordered a falafel baba sandwich. 

I saw the huge pot of boiling oil on the stove, and I knew this was going to be good. Falafel needs to be fried, people. Places that sell it as a "health food" are horrible, because they try and make it less fried. I get my sandwich and scurry back to work to eat it (I got take out). Amazing. It was gone in hmm, 5 seconds. Highly recommended.  Best falafel I've had yet in Philly.
My boyfriend and I came to Alyan's for a low key weeknight dinner. Sitting in the back room during the rainstorm was really cozy.

We started off with their homemade hummus and warm pita bread- both were very delicious. I made a meal out of two sides- falafal and french fries w/ peppers & onions. My boyfriend chose the chicken shawarma platter. My food was hot and pretty tasty, and my boyfriend said that his food was good as well.
Inexpensive everlasting super tasting middle eastern mouthfuls.   The restaurant is pre-millenial, near Jurassic in age, having changed hands peacefully unlike most middle eastern countries. Ask the owner.

Falafel- fresh. In the brown style, not the bursting green( if that's what you prefer)

Baba ganoush and houmus, the litmus tests of this good cuisine- well done.  The pita is thin, as it should be, and warm. 

Casual, narrow, unfancy. Properly so.

Alas, no kataiff.   But that would have been a small miracle.
Loved the food here! Ordered takeout and got the Chicken Shish Kebab in a pita. It was delicious and freshly made. My friend got the Beef Shish Kebab Platter which came with hummus and a salad (substituted the salad for fries). The prices were reasonable considering the quantity and quality of food. My meal came out to about 8.50 and the platter came out to about 14.

Service was wonderful and the wait time was reasonable. From the outside it doesn't seem as intriguing of a place, but I promise it doesn't disappoint. The venue is pretty small so I was more comfortable grabbing something to take back to my apartment. Oh also, the meat is all Halal!

I will certainly order from here again!!
Consistently, reliably good. From their fries to zucchini sandwich and shawarma to the lemonade and fatoush, Alyan's delivers fresh, flavorful food.
I'm glad to have discovered this place after it has been here all these years. Lunch and the staff were great. I loved their hummus-- not too strong with the tahini. Perfectly flavored and light. The spinach/mushroom pie was yum. My husband's shawarma platter was good as well. I'll be returning often.
Nice Middle Eastern-Mediterrenean restaurant in the South Street locale.

Awesome kebabs and rolls. More so, excellent ambiance.
This place summed up in one word: BLAND!

I'm not sure if I caught them on a bad day or the food is usually THAT bad. I'm from the Middle East and I can tell you that 98% of places (in general) in the States seriously cannot make hummus and usually end up way too bland. The hummus was definitely and  seriously HORRIBLE even based on US average. When canned hummus tastes better than a restaurant, I feel that's a big fail on their part. The same can be said of their grape leaves. I took a vegetarian friend with me and the same thing: bland and felt microwaved honestly. The foul mudammas tasted like it was straight out a can. I'm not trying to sound snobby but I can seriously make better food at home. I ordered the mixed grill and the only thing that tasted good were the grilled onions. The meat was barely marinated and was bland as well.

I understand that I am in the US and I should expect lesser food with regards to ethnic food but if the Cheesecake Factory can make better hummus than an Lebanese restaurant can, you should close shop. I walked into this place expecting OK food but sadly it was an absolute fail. I felt so guilty about how bad the food was to the point where I paid for the meal just to make up for it. Honestly, whoever says the hummus is good in this place seriously needs to reevaluate their taste buds. You want amazing hummus (that actually rivals and beats hummus from back home)? Check out Mama's Vegetarian. 

1 positive aspect of this place is that the prices are reasonable.
Kibbie didn't taste like the kibbie I was raised eating or have eaten in numerous middle eastern restaurants across the globe. The kibbie was mushy and had way to much cumin in it.  It's not indian food it's Middle Eastern cuisine.  
Mexicans cooking Mediterranean Food !!  = Fail ! 
I love coming here,  been coming here for years.  
Step it up Habibi. Owner should be doing quality control.
Alyan"s is the freshest food with the nicest price ! Have been coming here for 20 years
BYOB = bring your own bread

My friend and I ordered two platters (one falafel, one lamb) and one salad appetizer.  Platters had none or little rice (couscous was not available that evening), and the waitress brought warm pita loaves .  Quantity: ONE.  She quickly uttered that if we need more, please ask.  Before we could swallow unchewed appetizer and reply without spilling it all over like the Krakatoa, she was gone.  So we had to get up and go beg for more pita (like, 1 loaf each, pigs that we were...).

I'm European and I rarely ignore the good food because of bad service.  And truthfully the woman was serving by herself the whole place, which has multiple rooms.

But serving one pita to share between two?  Silly.  Which actually gives me an idea: bring my own pita next time (Whole Foods, $3 a dozen), to enjoy their hummus without the begging part.

I was too hungry so I can't comment on the food's quality: it wasn't expensive though, seemed like the "get what you pay for" place.
I have been a fan of alyans since I was in high school in the late 80s. I'm sure I wore my favorite "punk" army trenchcoat there with my cvs crayon yellow dye job. 

Neither the food nor the decor have changed much in the intervening decades, which is  good thing. 

Look for the oddly erotic painting of the woman cutting watermelons and try to sit in the houseplant laden back room downstairs.

Everyone raves about their french fries so give em a try, though they were never my favorite. I go for the traditional hummus and felafel on a pita with a side of cucumber and yogurt salad. Maybe a mango juice if I'm feeling rich at the time.

A great place to have lunch or a snack while you're people watching along south street.
i would probably not go back to this place nor would i send anyone else here.

table shared a greek salad, a dip/salad appetizer, and a grilled zuccini sandwich with a cucumber/tomato salad on the side, and baklava.  each one of these failed to do anything of interest.

pros:
the hummus had enough flavor to enjoy, but was nothing special.  the baba ganouj tore it up.  the service was super-friendly.  the zuccini, although simply prepared, was tasty but i wish they did more than just throw it in some pita on its own.

cons:
overall, the vegetables were weak and flavorless,.  the greek salad dressing was literally water with a touch of olive oil and lemon juice.   they pretty much don't do anything to the food.  just cut it, cook it however or not, and throw it on a plate. boring shit.  there was no dough on the bottom of the baklava and it wasn't flakey at all on top...  and das nasty.

if i had to come here again, i'd get an order of baba ganouj and a falafel sandwich. the end.
I came here to meet up with a friend for lunch at his suggestion.  This place is just a little bit off South Street.  

The decor reminds you of a small deli in the Italian Market or something, but there's a decent small room in the back.  A few groups of 3-4 can sit comfortably in the room albeit a bit cozily together; the room has ceiling windows that let the sun in which lights up the room.

We all got 2 orders of the falafel platter, and a order of their french fries.  Overall, everything was decent, slightly above average even.  Their french fries were really good; I highly recommend the fries if you come here.  Think 5 guys but with a bit of a jalapeno kick.

Prices were sort of funny; some stuff was just a little bit expensive than typical prices (I'm just talking a couple dollars), while other stuff was a little bit cheaper, such as the fries.

I'd give a 3.5 stars if I could, but 4 stars is a bit much as I'd only come back here again if someone wanted to meet up, but I wouldn't come back just for the food.  But if you've never been here before, I'd definitely add it to the list of places to try!
Wow Philly, good job on the Middle Eastern food front. 

My boyfriend and I needed to grab a bite before heading to a concert, and saw Alyan's on our handy Yelp app. We entered, sat, and proceeded to order a feast.

The hummus was just alright, and the pita was warm, which was surprising. I got the chicken and couscous and it was SO good. Even though I had just stuffed myself with a sandwich from John's Roast Pork hours earlier, I finished almost my entire plate. My boyfriend ordered some sort of lamb platter, which was also tasty. Everything came out quickly and tasted really fresh. If I lived in the area, I'd most likely be back there pretty flippin' often.

But of course there was totally a Philadelphia twist: we ordered a side of French fries tossed with grilled peppers and onions. Boy does this city love its peppers and onions!
Love this place.  Love their eggplant salad.  They do get stingy with their pita bread so be sure to ask for more and it wont be a problem!  True Middle Eastern like back home :) Thank you.
I absolutely love hummus and Mediterranean food!  The food was flavorful, fresh and well-prepared!  I loved the tomato and cucumber salad!  The lamb platter was fantastic!  

The Lamb soup was incredible!!!  

My husband and I wanted a low key Saturday evening.  The prices were reasonable.   

We will return!
I cannot believe I didn't know about this place sooner. I've lived in the South Street district for three years and only just started eating at Alyan's about six months ago. Don't repeat my mistakes!

The staff here is absolutely great. They're always sweet and friendly and the guys whip your food up fast in their little kitchen right alongside the entryway. They're always happy to let me have a seat and wait for my takeout order as long as there is an open spot in the dining area.

The hummus, as other reviewers have mentioned, is stellar. Rich and garlicky. I almost always get the lamb shawarma, which is absolutely excellent, as is nearly everything else I've had from Alyan's. The only thing I did not enjoy was their stuffed grape leaves. They didn't seem to have nearly as much flavor as everything else I've had and I haven't chanced ordering them again. 

Nonetheless, I'm a loyal customer. Alyan's is great Middle Eastern food.
I have to say I have been here a few times. It's a small place and could be easily missed. I really love the food...really, its delicious. However, I will never be going back there unfortunately.

The last time I went there, the very rude waitress-with the glasses and extremely pouty, emotionless look on her face....she was very cold as we walked in...to the point that I thought they were closed and just forgot to lock the door...so I asked if they were open and if its okay to come in....afterwards, her service was so off...maybe it was a bad day, maybe she was tired...I don't know..BUT THEN..

as we are finishing up-which we only stay about 10-15mins tops as we get quick platters to eat...she hands us a bill with an outrageous amount...two falafel platters and 2 cans of soda =$42...now im not a mathematician but at most it should have been $30ish..

Anyways, I bring it up to the cashier and he embarrassingly looks at her...as she shouts "ITS with TIP"...she apparently thought her 10minutes of rude service walking no more than 10 feet warranted her about a 21% tip...now im no cheapskate.. but really? this is a fast-food kind of place...! you were rude...you barely put in any work...and the food was served cold that time!!

I was shocked by the audacity she had to speak with a regular customer like that...the other times we went...it was take out...or we would just end up staying because it took forever to get the food and about 3 different people served us. I tipped the time I stayed btw...and the cashier happened to tell us afterwards that she said we didn't tip her last 2 times we went! 

Either way....there are far too many good, REAL restaurants to eat at in Philly and not have to deal with such rude service...if this witch ever gets fired..Id be back for the food...but I refuse to eat at a place where someone expects that..

I didn't want to come and rant here...or try to defend myself because there have been plenty of times service at different restaurants were bad and I still tipped because it was the polite thing to do...but I am fuming at the way she treated us that night...I almost crossed that tip amount out and just paid for the food...but I was in shock !!
This place just okay. I went with an egyptian friend of mine expecting much more.

There were rave reviews about the Alyan fries, so we ordered that for starters. While they weren't bad fries, they were nothing special. The fried onions and peppers made it sound like there was some great seasoning that would be added, but it seems like the onions and peppers were just thrown into the frier alongside the fries. As a result, there wasn't any additional flavor added to the fries unless you took a bite with the pepper or onions, it wouldn't have been any different to just add it on after the fact. Nothing special.

We both ordered a lamb shwarma sandwich. It was mostly salad and dressing until the last few bites. I don't know if it was a result of the sandwich not being evenly spread or just gravity, but it seemed very sparse in the meat filling area until the very end. That being said, the shwarma wasn't that bad, but again, I don't feel like it was anything amazing. Maybe it was my fault for not getting the platter. 

My egyptian friend wasn't a huge fan of the shwarma either.
If I lived in Philly I would definitely come back here.  We found it while wandering around South St. looking for something to eat.  I was starving, and I saw "Middle Eastern," so we went in.  What a pleasant surprise!  The falafel sandwich was yummy and had lots and lots of veggies on it.  It wasn't just two falafel and some iceberg lettuce on a pita.  This had lots of romaine lettuce, big chunks of tomato, cucumber, and tahini plus tasty falafel on a delectable pita.  They weren't falafel balls, either, more like patties, so they fit well in the sandwich and you got some falafel in every bite, but not too much.  It's nothing you haven't seen before, but Alyan's gets it just right.  The iced tea is also really good, and you can taste the fresh mint they make it with.
Went there yesterday, wasn't the first time, but the experience was enough to get me to write a review.

Ordered a Falafel and Hummus Sandwich....a bit of miscommunication had me getting just a humus sandwich.......but the situation was quickly righted and i got some of the best falafel i've ever eaten brought to me.  

These guys have some really tasty food...........definitely try the french fries.  Gotta try the french fries.
The french fries were the best part of the meal - crispy, but not dry.  I would have liked a little more seasoning and heat, but overall, they were tasty.  The hummus had more garlic than I normally like (and I like a lot of garlic!).  The pita bread was disappointingly dry and thin, and it split easily when we were eating our sandwiches.  My shawarma lamb/turkey meat was also not very moist or flavorful.

The back room with a see-through ceiling and hanging plants is charming.  The staff was friendly, although a little slow (it appeared that there was only one server for the place).
I've been coming here since my parents were still married (and they haven't been married in over 20 years), but somehow this place hasn't changed, in the best way! My go to here is always the Middle Eastern Combo and fries, which come with onions and jalapenos. They are not stingy about the pita, and will give you extra without you asking, and for no additional charge.

Recently my father and I came here and tried the lentil soup (which is vegan) and spinach and mushroom pie as well. Both were excellent. The waitress was very friendly and didn't rush us at all. 

I see people have said the place looks a little awkward to eat at, but I have to say their little sunroom is the back is just about my favorite place to eat in the city. Also one of the few truly wonderful places two people can eat a filling meal at for only $20!

Nothing has changed since I've been coming here, and I am grateful for that, because it's perfect the way it is. Great memories here.
What this place lacks in ambiance (though it is cozy, for what it's worth), it makes up for in excellent quality dishes. These are maybe common dishes you've tried elsewhere, but they certainly feel like they've been perfected here. The hummus is great, the baba ghanouj is excellent, the falafel is mouth-watering, and even the humble pita bread is pretty tasty. The lamb soup, though, was a very unexpected treat. What a standout, especially on a cold day like today. 

And, if you may still be wondering, the prices are very reasonable for a filling, delicious meal.
AWESOME Mediterranean food near South Street, great staff that is knowledgeable about the food.  Nice BYOB place with a nice dining area in the back of the restaurant and occasional tables outside.  The food is fresh and there are tons of options.  Possibly my favorite restaurant in Philly with the reasonable price, large portions and friendly staff.  Highly recommend!
Fabulous hummus and falafels- definitely one of the best in the city. Portions are big, especially for the price. It's only $5 for a huge falafel sandwich.  As far as seating goes the experience is far better if you can get a seat in their back room - really pretty with skylights and lots of hanging plants.  Service can be slow here,  but the atmosphere and food absolutely make up for it!
Great place to go if you are looking for a quiet place that's not hip and popular. I like it here very much but nobody talks about the place so it's like a nice little secret spot to take someone. The dishes I tried were spicy and tasty. It really had an authentic feel. The service was good but not great. Everything about the place is good but not great really. But I like it. Check it out if you're in the area. Something different.
This place was so good it compelled me to write my first review. Being a vegetarian with low funds and a penchant for dining out sucked until I tried Alyan's out last Saturday night. I love middle eastern food and the BYOB thing is equally attractive.

We had the feta and olives to start, which of course led me to salivate over what was coming next: the hummus was excellent, and the spinach and mushroom pie delicious. I also had to get stuffed grape leaves which were nice and fresh.

It's a tiny place with friendly staff and good, affordable food. It's all I need.
Looks are deceiving here.  Walk into the restaurant and into their atrium area for seating.

They had an amazing couscous with chicken and veggies dish, hummus was awesome and so was this braised eggplant dish with peppers, onions, celery and spices!  Falafels were fried just right without any signs of burning!

Can't wait to go back!
this is the first falafel i ever had, and thank god for that, because some (MAOZ) are horrible. this one is not horrible, in fact, it's fantastic. i like getting a sandwich to go and spilling most of it in front of the tattoo shop next door while staring at the poor souls in line across the street at jim's. it's cool to sit in here too, especially in the back. nice atmosphere. the servers and staff are always super cool. unless i'm on the other side of town and mama's is open, i'm hitting up alyan's whenever i need a falafel fix. yeah!
I LOVE the back seating area in Alyan's....you feel like you are in Jerusalam or something, and completely forget that you are really in the middle of Philly for a while. I keep going back just for that. Their food is good, but I always feel like the tahini leaves something to be desired. I reccomend the spinach and mushroom lunch platter for value and taste. The falaffel is good, but Alhambra on 3rd street has a superior falaffel sandwhich. At times the service can be a little slow. However, this place has good Lebanese cofffee and the best baklava hands down!
I've been eating here for over 20 years. The food has always been consistent and I have never had a bad experience whether eating in or taking out. Try any of the platters. The Falafel/Hummus Pita is amazing and so are the fries. Nice to see them still in business after all this time.
The Shawarma is decent. Haven't had anything else. Still in search of a great shawarma sandwich... I guess this is the best you can do downtown.
always the best flavors.  very simple and always good.  love the lental soup and the lamb.

you can't find better.
So ambiance isn't Alyan's strong point at least initially.  Afterall, one just has to step outside to get whif of the South Street smells...but what should you be expecting for a Middle Eastern food establishment?  A caricature of Lawrence of Arabia?  In reality, I love the tucked away dining room in the back, and as a NJ homey any place in a city that makes me forget that I'm in a city goes in the win column.  

So we've established that Alyan's isn't a first date place.  It's also not a "blow my socks off" kind of place either.  I've had schwarma, spinach pie, and falafel here and all were decent, but I have a terrible habit of judging everything against something else.  Mamoun's in NYC blows Alyan's out of the water.  But that's around 80 miles away and most people (I'm not one of them) aren't willing to make that commute during their lunch break.  The problems here?  The pepper sauce isn't spicy enough, the falafel tastes too "grainy" for me, and the schwarma just doesn't have the oomph I'm looking for.  

So here's my recommendation, you're in the area and want decent Mid-Eastern food, stop by.  If you're on an adventurous food trek, look elsewhere.
WORST. PLACE.  EVER.  

We came here after reading the reviews, and the place looked like a nice hole in the wall, and we were excited to support a ma and pa kind of place, but boy were we wrong!

They carry a turkey and chicken only shawarma?  Really?  What kind of authentic place doesn't have a beef nor lamb shawarma?!

Fine fine, so we ordered a beef sheesh kebab and a falafaal.  They use a low quality pita bread so the thing comes apart immediately.  It is full of veggies and no meat/ falafaal.  When I finally did get to the meat, it was the hardest, rubber like material with no flavor EVER.  It was so bad, I threw it out.  Not even my dog would eat that crap.  The falafaal was just ok.  

Save your money and time, and go elesewhere.  This place SUCKS!
Cheap and easy, we stopped in here for a bite when we didn't know where to go.  We left another bar and didn't feel like cooking at home so we grabbed a bottle of wine and headed over.  At first glance, this looks like nothing more than a take out joint but there are more seats in the back of the restaurant.  The food was fresh and plentiful.  After splitting the meat and veggie platter, we were thoroughly stuffed and satisfied.  Service is quick and easy considering it's such a small place.  It seemed consistently busy, even for a Wednesday night, which is refreshing on a weeknight.  This place is definitely a good option if your looking for good fast(er) food without the hassle of a "formal" dining experience.
I love this place. It's never crowded, do people not know that this gem exists?! I always try to get something new every time but I seem to get my fav which is the mixed grill sandwich and fries. Yummy yummy
If you only have one day a week to break your diet do it here. This restaurant has amazing food and you absolutely can't beat the prices. This is small ,casual and if your walking by you may not even notice it however its totally worth checking out if your into middle eastern cuisine and don't feel like dressing up. The falafel is the best I've ever had and the fries are great.
I went  by myself, had a wonderful falafel sandwich, and found everybody who worked there to be exceptionally friendly and efficient.  The place was not crowded when I was there, and I sat in the back room--very charming, very nice.  Great food, wonderful mint tea.  I want to go back, and I want to try the fries next time.
I had a nice, enjoyable lunch here yesterday.

They were easy with substituting something, which I really appreciated. 

The cinnamon simple syrup was a nice touch to the fresh mint iced tea. 

I tried the regular shwarma sandwich and also the chicken kebob platter. The hummus was absolutely delicious and the baba ganoush hit the spot. The chicken had perfect grill marks and was very tender and well seasoned.
Yay for another Palestinian Philly gem, bringing light to the darkness that is my usual Swarthmore existence sans Arabic food! I love, love, love Alyan's. As has been mentioned in other reviews, they are also very reasonably priced. They do /not/, as others have suggested, offer the best falafel in the city (see Hanan's stand off of Walnut for that), but the falafel is nevertheless quite good, along with most everything else on the menu. The bread is even decent quality, which is especially hard to find in Philly, because, as the owner explained to me when I mournfully asked about Arabic bakeries in the area, there is just about no place to find fresh bread in the city. He orders his from New York.

I implore everyone going to Alyan's to try the grape leaves/wara' dawali/dolmeh/whatever you want to call them, as this is just about the only restaurant I know of that makes them right. The baba ghannouj is truly excellent, and from what I hear the meat dishes are also worthwhile. They also make their own pickles, which is hugely exciting; for those of you who are familiar with traditional Arabic fare, good pickles are a must. 

I've made big orders from Alyan's for cultural events on multiple occasions, and I encourage others to use them for catering, as they are very generous with both portions and pricing. You do have to go pick the stuff up on your own, though. 

The only negatives I can think of are that the salads are only mediocre and not always fresh, there is usually not enough seating for all the people I want to bring, and it's a bit of a walk to South Street from any of the major SEPTA stops (I'm not a fan of buses). Give Alyan's a try if you're looking for a cheap eat or just craving real Arabic food. They're definitely worth the trip!
Fantastic & Fresh
The homemade  Falafel on Pita with tahini sauce, fresh veggies is a wonderful vegetarian option. The sandwiches are made fresh per order. They also offer  other Mediterranean dishes as well  e.g chicken shish kabobs etc.
I could go here almost everyday.  Probably my most frequent take-out spot in Philly, but also, not a bad byob for dinner.

Their lamb soup is one of my top menu items anywhere.  It is dream-worthy.  Other recommendations are the falafel and shawarma platters.  

Typically, when i do take-out, i have them hold the pita, primarily because they give you a ton.
Delicious little hole in the wall that serves up fresh, Greek/Middle Eastern grub.

The mixed kabob platter is excellent, chicken, beef, lamb, and a sausage made with lamb and beef were seasoned well and grilled fresh. Hummus was solid, probably could have been a little more seasoned, but overall, solid meal!!

Also, the Alyan fries are wonderful. Fried with onions and jalepenos. So great to share with a group, because you get so much food with the platter!
LOVE this place- always get the same thing- share a zucchini platter and a side of felafels, plus a salad if craving it.  The felafel is delicious on it's own- so flavorful, crunchy crispy outside, moist inside- so good.  The zucchini platter is a host of tasty things w/ pita that i like to wrap up in my own desired combos.  Love the greek salad or the arabic salad.  Good service, BYO, some outside seating- what's not to love?

People rave about the fries- I think they're fine, but not my favorite- and there's so much else that's so good, so why bother?
Here's an idea. Let's grab a few beers (it's BYOB), snag a table in the back room, and order a whole bunch of fries (with the fried peppers and onions)... Ooooh and some hummus too.

Fun.
I think one of my teachers recommended Alyan's to me when I asked for a place to get good falafel. They have the most flavorful and stuffed falafel i've ever had. I prefer the flavor over Maoz, and their spicy fries are the best. I've ordered them them plain and with toppings, they're great either way.  The prices are great considering the good eats, and I agree with everyone here about the atmosphere. the hanging plants and dim lit cozyness adds to the experience. My friend and I ended up writing a satirical review about Alyan's for our school newspaper, I've always secretly wanted to give it to them.
I was craving falafel on South Street on a Wednesday, so we searched and decided to come to Alyan's based on Yelp. We did walk right past it at first. I would consider this place to be a hidden treasure. The front of the restaurant is set up like a take-out joint with some booths, but one of the main reasons we decided on this place was because of the quaint back dining room. It is very charming with a sunroof, hanging plants, and brick wall. But just a heads up - this back dining room is very very small. The setting is very intimate, so you will be seated very close to other patrons. The other reason we chose this place was because it's BYOB - the owner had to get the corkscrew from the table next to us so we could open our bottle.

We ordered the baba ghannouj as an appetizer. It was delicious, fresh, and consumed in seconds. I ordered the falafel platter for myself and loved the fresh hummus and vegetables combined with homemade falafel. My friend got the chicken shawarma sandwich. He said the chicken was a little dry, but the whole thing was delicious nonetheless.

Overall I loved the atmosphere and the food, so I'll definitely be back next time I'm in the area!
I ordered pick up for lunch and it was delicious! The order only took 15 minutes and was nice and warm when I picked it up. I ordered the Chicken Kebab platter and the baklava. The chicken was nice and tender and I love the salad dressing on the salad (it's nice and light). The hummus is a great fresh side the accompanies the player as well. I'll definitely be back to try more!
We have been going to Alyan's since the early 80's and have never been disappointed.  The food is inexpensive, delicious and authentic Middle Eastern cuisine.  This is a great place to bring kids and they will like the food too.  We especially like the kebob platters, hummus is the best we've ever had, grape leaves, and salads.  

During the pandemic, we've found this to be one of our favorite take-out places.  The food is just as good regardless of whether it is picked up or delivered.
I was not overwhelmed by the food, but it was good and I'd go back. We started with the hummus = very tasty. I got a greek salad. I ordered a small which was definitely big enough. The salad was good as well. A friend got cucumber salad, which was underwhelming. The falafel sandwich was good, but not nearly as good as Mama's on 20th st, which is how I judge all falafel in Philadelphia. The area in the back was cute, with a skylight. Service was decent. Overall, a good and cheap experience, but not overwhelming so.
We ordered tabouli for appetizer which was very flavorful. 

We also ordered chicken kabob sandwiches which were a pleasant refreshing surprise. My only advice is to ask for the tahini sauce on the side because it becomes too messy and heavy otherwise. 

I am excited to try there other items on the menu the next time around.
Came to try the sandwiches. I tried the lamb kebab and schwarma. Both were tasty, pita bread tasted fresh. The sandwich size is very filling. It has a lot of salad in it, could use a little more meat but over a great middle eastern sandwich! Would recommend.
We came here on New Year's Eve night after the 6pm fireworks. it was crowded and we had to wait for permission to sit upstairs, but, it was so worth the wait!!!!! I have also been to this restaurant on Christmas day as well, when I have been in town...Love this restaurant. The owner and other employees are all very nice. Usually we order appetizers to share, lentil soup and because it was cold, mint tea. We definitely love their french fries spiced with hot peppers and cooked with onions. yummy. Also, Labneh, Falafel side order, Grilled Zucchini, feta cheese with olives. Our new friend LOVED the place! The Lentil soup was good as always. You can get alot of food and your belly quite content. This is a cute little place and has a homey feel to regulars, but if you're looking for ambience and lowlit candles, then, this place is not for you. You get quality, reasonably priced, authentic Middle Eastern cuisine.
Super yummy! Ducked in after an early Saturday morning shift at work and got a Hummus/Falafel sandwich for lunch and a chicken schwarma sandwich for dinner. Both were fantastic, and seriously they stuffed the pita FULL; and not just with tons of cucumber and tomato like a lot of places do to make it seem like you're getting more. They were overflowing with meat and falafel! Both were tasty as heck, the two guys and girl working there were ultra friendly, and I paid about $13. I don't know that I would ever choose to dine-in just because the place is so small and narrow, but food-wise - fantastic!
Got the chicken shawarma for take out dinner and a side of fries. The shawarma was filled to the brim but the sauce was only on the top layer so after you got past that you were just eating what became a chicken salad without dressing. The fries come with grilled onions and pepper are and although I asked for a small order there was plenty of fries to share with 2 or 3 people. Overall the place was good enough to not be offensive but good enough for a second visit.
Does this place not make its own pita? Because I received 2 pieces of pita bread in this decidedly not house-made packaging. I'm guessing they were the last two pieces in this pack. They couldn't even take the pita out and wrap it in foil or something, to at least TRY to keep up appearances... Sheesh.  Very disappointing. Fresh baked bread would've been WAY better and probably cheaper. And the lamb was incredibly tough.
Yes:
- Falafel was nice and crispy
- Lamb kabob platter came with three pita. Grilled veggies were good

Okay:
- Chicken shamora in pita bread sandwich
- Alyan fries were soggy. Grilled veggies it came with was good

No:
- Beef kabob pita wrap was a tortilla wrap. Not gyro wrap that we were expecting
Never disappointed coming here...the lamb is the best on south st, service excellent, pita hot and fresh...hummus tasty...who could ask for more
Growing up in a Lebanese family made me a harsh critic with respect to Arabic food, and I must say that Alyan's is pretty good. My family and I were pretty sad when Cedars closed, so we began searching for other casual middle eastern joints in town. I stumbled upon this place on Yelp and my dad, wife and I decided to give it a try. We ordered the combination mezza plate, kibbe and french fries for appetizers. We enjoyed the appetizers. The kibbe was traditional and flavored pretty well. The hummus and baba gannoush was quite tasty. The pickled veggies were a nice touch. The fries were so fresh and the onions were a great touch. They also kept the warm pita bread coming. 

For dinner we ordered the kefta, mixed grill and chicken shawarma platter. The mixed grill came with chicken and lamb kebob pieces and kefta, with rice and hummus. I really enjoyed my meal. The meat was flavorful and the rice was tasty. My dad liked his kefta platter too. 

The only downside was the chicken shawarma. It was very dry. It did not seem freshly shaved. It may have also been reheated.  Other than the shawarma though, everything was good. Even the baklava desert. The service was awesome. We will definitely be back!
The Greek Salad is very fresh and a great choice to share as an appetizer or as an side. I've had the Mixed Grilled and Kefta Kabob. The Mixed Grill highlights all of Alyan's best meats. The Kefta Kabob is probably my favorite though. I enjoy the lamb probably more than the chicken items.

The mint tea is also very refreshing on a hot day. And if you want to save a bit you can order a pitcher of tea!
Alyans

My friend has been talking about Alyan's for the longest time. Never heard of the place but it's conveniently located right in the heart of South St. by Jim's Steaks and the Copa. It's a small storefront so you could easily miss it, but you most certainly have to go and try it.

My friend has been coming here for years so he knew exactly what to order. And I think the best way to experience Alyans is do what we did and request a variety of dishes instead of one main course. 

We had the lamb cous cous, Alyan fries, and pita platter - all of which tasted fantastic. Each dish was incredibly delicious and I couldn't stop eating. It was a lot of food, so 2-3 between two people serves enough. We finally topped it off with the boklavah. It was my first time having it and I loved it.

For high quality service and amazing food, head out to Alyan's on South. It's a diamond in the rough that goes under a lot of people's radars, and you will not be disappointed when you go.
