Date night at The Chef's Table was so incredible! There are only a few seats there, so definitely make reservations. (You can't make them online, so just give them a call to request!) 

Tapas are by far my favorite way to dine, and perfect for a romantic meal. Add a front row seat to all of the culinary action, a candlelit space, and you have yourself a pretty special dining experience, one surely to impress!! 

We started with some creative cocktails, but of course. 'Talk To Her', made with butter washed run, and black tea with orange and peychaud bitters was a standout for me. 'Broken Hugs' is delicious too. It's lighter and refreshing. Hubs is a fan of the spicy 'Matador'. The aged manchego with granny apple slices and lavender honey, the mixed olives and the thinly sliced Serrano and jamon were perfect lighter first bites we ordered while sipping. That honey is so delicious and sweet. It balanced the tart apple and savory cheese so well. 

We were given complimentary tuna spread with tasty flat crackers that also started out meal off on the right foot!

*You can't go wrong with one of their three sangrias or imported cava or brut though. 

Must haves are obviously patatas bravas and the gambas al Ajillas (garlic shrimp). Don't be surprised if you find yourself order a second helping of either! Fan favorites for sure! 

Plant based dishes that should NOT be overlooked are the Berenjenas con miel, perfectly fried eggplant fries with rosemary aioli and spiced garlic honey! Holy moly, these are so good!! The Setas, seasonal mixed mushrooms with truffle oil are seemingly simply, but are to die for!! They are absolutely drool-worthy!! 
The Coco de Alfachofas flatbread with artichokes, black truffle and manchego is pretty great too! The truffle was very present! 

The crispy open half shelled lagosta (Maine lobster) and tender vierias (diver scallops) are both excellent mains. Super fresh, well cooked and very tasty! I love and appreciate that can order these half, which gives you the option to taste this, and still have room for other dishes as well. 

For dessert we had a trio sample of their desserts...tres leche, decadent chocolate cream filled cream cakes and a traditional hazelnut cookie. Everything was super delicious but the chocolate, oh, yesssss!! Dreamy! It just oozed our! 

Our service at the counter was stellar!! Between that and basically sitting in the kitchen, seeing it all go down, we felt like royalty. Such a wonderful night!! It cost nothing extra to sit at the chef's seat, just a phone call, and I couldn't recommend it more! Trust me guys, book this as a surprise for her now! 
(We lost count of how many apples one of the chefs cut ever so delicately:)

We cannot thank Chef Jose Garces and his staff enough for this delicious meal and trip back to Spain!!
More like A-meh-da... I don't get it! Such a load of hype for overpriced tiny portions that aren't really great! We'd a lunch of  tapas in a addition to a green salad. All was served family style and mostly very salty. We'd the lamb meatballs, charcuterie plate, olives and other pickled tidbits, cheese and honey, their famous tiny potato bites, grilled green cauliflower, chicken on skewers, grilled chorizo (delicious) and some sort of dolce de leche parfait dessert. I think there may have been one or two additional dishes but they weren't really memorable, A lot of the dishes should have been served with bread - none was to be found except for four tiny slices with the cheese plate - literally one type of cheese was on the plate! The drinks were fantastic but I didn't enjoy the food and would probably not return (the fourth star was because the drink I had was delicious - it was made with bourbon- I think?).
I am absolutely over the moon about finally trying Amada. My friend & I were able to get a spot outdoors Friday night. The weather wasn't too chilly and of course I love Old City,  easy parking just a block or two away. 

Tapas style restaurants are my favorite. I love trying new dishes and lots of them and this is the best way to do it. 

Started out with a tasty drink, Rose Gold (Tito's vodka, passion fruit & rosemary) 

Our share dishes: jamon Serrano, Manchego w/ honey, ham croquettes, potatoes topped with paprika aioli, crab stuffed peppers, garlic shrimp, fried goat cheese salad, empanada, and the trio of desserts. I can't rave enough about how much I just loved eating here, even the bread for the charcuterie & cheese was incredible.

Finished off perfectly with an espresso martini. 

Great service, friendly, quick to clear plates. If looking for recommendations on what to get,  see above!!
We went to Amada this past Saturday night for our first wedding anniversary and had a great experience. The staff provided us with complimentary champagne (and noticed I was pregnant but left the second glass for my husband and quickly fulfilled my request for a virgin mojito), did not rush us, and provided excellent service. The food was delicious as always. We ate a TON. The bacon wrapped dates are always a must, as is the octopus. The manchego with truffle honey was delicious as always. By now, we have sampled most of the menu and have yet to be disappointed with any dish. A great experience at Amada, again.
This is one of my new favorite happy hour spots! Stopped by for happy hour with a friend on a Wednesday around 4pm. We had made reservations a couple of days prior. It was restaurant week so they were not advertising their happy hour menu but they were nice enough to make an exception for us.

We both got the Sangrio Blanco for our drinks. It was lovely! Very fruity and refreshing - perfect for a hot summer afternoon. For tapas, we tried the Manchego Montadito, Patatas Bravas, and Pimientos de Padron. They were all great! The manchego was a baguette with green apple and manchego with truffle lavender honey drizzled on top. The patatas were spicy potatoes. And the pimientos were flash fried peppers. I didn't think the potatoes were that spicy but the flash fried peppers definitely had a nice kick to them. Their happy hour menu has a lot of options so I'm definitely excited to go back and try some of their other tapas!

We were able to sit outside and enjoy the hot summer weather. There was also an umbrella over our table which provided adequate shade as well. We really enjoyed the service, especially since they were kind enough to make an exception for us to do happy hour. Everything was also a great deal - all the tapas were $5 and the our drinks were $5 as well. Definitely had a great time and will be coming back for happy hour again!
Amada is apparently very popular. At 8:30 on a Tuesday evening, there was a 40 minute wait for seats in the bar area. Luckily, there's a bar in the bar area; bars are good for drinking, and drinking is good for waiting.

It is also quite charming; I took my girlfriend to here for the most romantic of dates. When we arrived, I leaned in, and whispered in her ear, "Bitch, you wait here, I've gotta take a squirt." 

She also needed to use the facilities, and followed me towards the back. As we worked our way past the packed bar, we found ourselves in a long hallway lit only by intermittent candles. A Labyrinth of Passion, if you will, which also happens to be one of the [laughably named] signature cocktails.*

"This is a very romantic hallway," she smiled seductively, "It makes me want to..."
"What? Eat? Are you hungry? Why are you looking at me like that? Are you gassy again?"

I never did find out why she was looking at me like that, but our meal ended up strangely silent, and was punctuated by angry glares from her. Luckily, the food kept us occupied. 

We both enjoyed the crab-stuffed peppers that came highly recommended, as well as the shortrib flatbread and the cheese plate. I was less enamored with the unimpressive mushroom rice recommended by a friend we made in the bar. He was a vegetarian though; I should've known he couldn't be trusted.

All in all, a slightly pricey spot with good tapas and better atmosphere.
__________

*Talk to Her? Broken Hugs? All I know is that I couldn't order a Law of Desire and respect myself in the morning, so I got myself a Matador. Because nothing says "macho" like drinking in a strong, Spanish man. (On the real, I enjoyed the bourbon, elderflower and ginger concoction.)
This is obviously an Iron Chefs restaurant so you know the food, presentation, and quality is going to be top notch. What I really liked about the place was the space itself... very open and inviting with just the right amount of lights candles and all  It was a warm welcoming place that I would find myself coming back to over and over. I particularly was impressed with the tables right on the restaurant's kitchen... high tops that face the chef's working and preparing your food. It seemed like the perfect spot to post up for an unbelievable date night. They offer a bunch of different tasting tapas type menus along with cocktails and wine pairings that are truly world-class. Service was personable... really outstanding actually and it made me feel like I had been coming to this neighborhood restaurant and bar for many years. If you're wondering if iron chef restaurants are all talk and hype... try this one out and I bet  you'll be impressed with everything from top to bottom.
Despite the fact that it's usually quite crowded, I keep going back to Amada again and again. I highly suggest you order the Chef's Tasting Menu - it's like playing Russian Roulette but instead of guns and possible death there's food and happy tastebuds. Don't skip the sangria, either. It's the best I've ever had, and trust me, I've had a lot of sangria in my time. 

Give yourself a full evening to enjoy your dining experience at Amada, because it's like a food orgy. The food just keeps coming and coming...was that too much information?
Amada consistently leaves me feeling underwhelmed. The food is good, sometimes but rarely great. My favorite menu item has always been their patatas bravas, but the last visits they were in the shape of fries and not little cylinders. The sauce was drizzled over them liberally, which overpowered the potato flavor. Essentially, my favorite thing about Amada has changed and not for the better. The ensalata verde is delicious, as is the cauliflower dish. Their croquetas are ok. Again, underwhelmed. 

They have good menus (that never seem to change) during Restaurant Weeks if you want to check out their selection without breaking the bank. Otherwise, hold off unless you plan to stop in for Happy Hour.
Il y a quelque chose absolument délicieuse et on peut la découvrir chez Amada. This place is capable of making your taste-buds swoon and your mouth speak in romantic foreign tongues. It's that good. Franchement. 

We arrived early in order to avoid any crowds and it paid off. We were seated in the very comfortable and intimate lounge area in the back. It definitely offers a better mood setting in comparison to the other parts of the close quartered dining area. The only peculiar aspect was the seat cushions sank really, really deep. I'm not a short guy by any means and I literally looked like a five year old at the table. So make sure you prop yourself up on two or three pillows, especially all you little hobbits out there. 

Service was eggscellent. Our waitress, Shelly, kept a watchful eye on our table but was far from intrusive. She was friendly, warm and offered knowledgeable recommendations. 

The food was, how shall I say, merveilleux. All plates were elegantly presented and were little beauties to be admired, relished and then savored. In that exact order, s'il vous plaît. 

We studied the extensive menu, debated and ordered as such: 

1) Amada's Empanada - piping hot and executed perfectly 
2) Sardinas Curadas - rich tasting, but a tad weak in flavor 
3) Chipirones a la Romana - succulent and spicy 
4) Patatas Bravas - someone please smack me, no wait, I don't want to wake up 
5) Gambas Con Garbanzos - wow. period. 
6) Revuelto - if ever there was a perfect wet dream involving food, this would be in it 

We finished the meal with a surprise dessert - arroz con leche. I could have passed out from this devilishly delicious finale. It was sublime!! This was a thoroughly phenomenal dining experience. Just about every bite was a flavor explosion and I washed it all down with my lusciously refreshing blanco sangria. 

Amada mio 
When we're together 
I'm in a dream world 
Of sweet delight 

Amada - you're dreamy.
For those who don't know about Amada, the restaurant is one of Jose Garces (Iron Chef's) restaurants.  He's a recipient of the prestigious James Beard award in 2008, and word has it that this restaurant is one of the best places to get Tapas on the East Coast. At 4.5* reviews with over 900+ reviews in Philly, you can't go wrong right?  

I've been to 3 regional winners of the James Beard Award:  first was Michelle Richard's Citronelle in DC, the 2nd was Cucharamama in Hoboken NJ, and the 3rd is this.  Unfortunately, this is strike 3 of 3 and I feel cheated for wasting money on subpar restaurants that serve mediocre food.  FYI my combined average yelp rating for all 3 restaurants is roughly around 3*.  I find yelp review are far more reliable than listening to the likes of the James Beard judges.

Today, I had high expectations for Mr. Iron Chef's restaurant and I tried 6 dishes for brunch.  I decided to go with the traditional tapas dishes and dishes from the grill. The sixes dishes are:

1.  PIQUILLOS RELLENOS-4*-crab stuffed peppers:  the peppers were very well cooked and soft.  It was stuffed with a creamy sauce smothered crab stuffing.  This was the highlight dish of our meal.  This was a great dish (not mindblowing).   I cannot give top accolades to this because the taste was very, very predictable: the taste was very uniform from the moment the food entered my mouth until the tasting was finished.  I really think that a bit of spice and flavoring to this dish would have worked wonders.

2.  CROQUETAS DE JAMÓN-3.5*-we received 5 small pieces of croquettes.  The sauce was an interesting hot pepper and carrot based sauce.  It had the typical fried exterior with a small piece of ham at the center of the croquette.  Unfortunately, this dish was extremely salty. If that issue is resolved it would be a near 4* dish.

3.  ALBÓNDIGAS-3*- reminds me of Swedish meatballs. It was in a creamy, sauce similar to what was served with the crab stuff peppers. However, there was no crab to add flavoring to this dish.  To top it off, this dish was way too salty.

4.  Lobster-1*- for $16, I ordered 1/2 of a lobster (very small) that came with a parsley sauce that was prepared in a similar manner to a pesto sauce.  The smell, however, was similar to kale.  The lobster was...tough.  Obviously, this was very very low grade lobster.  How bad was it? I'd rather go to Red Lobster...yes you heard that right.

5.  Calamari-2*- this was sauteed and had no flavors (oil sauteed) in the same parsley/pesto sauce as above.

6.  Scallops-2*- low grade scallops that was very chewy and tough...it was in the same parsley/pesto sauce as above.

Honestly, I was appalled.  About a year ago, I went on a tirade about a very highly rated Italian restaurant in Philadelphia and how they used "Ragu" spaghetti sauce for multiple dishes that were served in their pre-fixe course menu.  Bad Karma or what not, the same thing happened today at Amada with the multiple dishes and their "parsley/pesto sauce".  

What was so disappointing about the experience is that 3 dishes used the identical sauce (the parsley/pesto sauce).  How lazy are you to recycle the same sauce for identical dishes or did I hit the lottery and happen to order the 3 dishes on the menu that used the same sauce? I wonder.

To add to my grief, the service was subpar.  The waiter really really did not seem to care.  As a matter of fact, he did not ask once how we felt about our food.  The other servers seemed the same based on my observations.

In preparation of those who will try to derail my credentials, send ad hominem attacks (which happened with my previous review about a particular Philly restaurant), and who think I'm a Philly hater:

1. I''m not a Philly hater.  There are lots of places in Philly I like: Bibou's bone marrow (which I think is one of the 5 best dishes I tried on the East Coast) + Capogiro Gelato(which I think beats out on any gelato I tried in Europe or the US)

2.  My knowledge about tapas.  I had at least 50 selected meals all with 4-4.5* ratings from European review sites and Tripsadvisor in Barcelona, Madrid, and Southern Spain including Torremolinos, Cordoba, Sevilla, Malaga, Andalucia, Granada, Marbella to name a few).  First,  Amada hits below average for a restaurant in all the aforementioned cities.  Second, while Amada may sit "ok" or "good" with most people who ate in larger Spanish cities such as Barcelona and Madrid, tapas in the larger cities don't even come close to what you can get South of Madrid.   

For those in DC who want to gauge the food at Amada, it ranks a star below Estadio in DC.  For those who think I'm being a bit unfair of comparing Amada to tapas in Spain, I'll throw a recommendation: Seabra Marisqueria in Newark NJ.  While not all dishes are spectacular, their grilled octopus at $23.50 is the closest seafood tapas dish that resembles what I had in Southern Spain.
Amada offers great ambiance, wonderful service and delectable tapas.

From the moment we walked in, we were greeted at the door by friendly and personable hostesses. Although, we didn't have a reservation (highly recommended), we were quickly seated at a cozy high top in the bar area. Our waiter was also wonderful by providing recommendations and suggestions as this was our first time here. 

We ordered a selection of tapas:
Tortilla espanola - It was tasty, light and fluffy
Gambas al ajillo - This was one of my favorites; a nice combination of garlic and shrimp.
Berenjenas con miel - I was expecting something different, but this was basically fried eggplant sticks. Just ok. 
Special of the night  - I forgot what it was called, was enjoyed by my husband. It was some sort of ham concoction.

As one comes to expect with tapas, it's expensive without really eating a lot food. However, I would definitely come again to try some other items which caught my eye.
A while ago, we decided to go to Amada practically on a whim. Being responsible adults, we called ahead and asked for a reservation. Apparently it takes at least 3 weeks to get reservations to Amada at a normal hour (between 6:30pm and 9pm)...

So we waited 3 weeks and gradually I managed to built my expectation to a point where they were not even through the roof, but in some distant universe... Watching Chef Garces on the Next Iron Chef, did not help with the anticipation and growing expectations at all...

Finally the day has come and we went to Amada. I was deadly afraid, as I know myself - if I have high expectations it's almost impossible to meet them, 'specially if I was building'em up for 3 weeks.

Once we entered, the place was nice - well decorated and totally inviting. As we were a little early, we set at the bar and had a drink. The drinks were good and the scent of cured meats was almost intoxicating. Few minutes later we got seated and ordered $55 Chef Selection of tapas.

It was a feast. I don't know how anyone can actually finish the entire thing. Almost everything we got was amazing and somehow managed to exceed my expectations.

Tuna salad with was really good, though if you don't like mayo, it might not be for you..

Cheese platter was out of this world, especially (I believe) Cabrales with a dip that sort of reminded of Nutella, but obviously was not.

The sardines were okay, rather the fish was really good, but I was not a big fan of the sauce or whatever they were served in.

Salad with asparagus, favas, avocado was amazing. Personally, I think there should be just a bit more cheese, as once you put the cheese with the greens, it made it taste THAT much better... but it was still great..

Spanish Flatbread with shortribs, horseradish and bacon left me speechless...

Lamb chops were really, really good...

Wild mushrooms were even better...

I can go on and on with each specific dish, but I guess it would be easier to say that with each bite there was an explosion of taste and apparently I have taste buds that I was never aware of, probably in places that should not even have taste buds and each one of these newly found taste buds was totally enjoying the bacchanalia of superior taste...
Amada, truly beloved! I came here with 4 friends- four carnivores and one vegetarian for lunch at 1:30pm. We were seated by a window at a table atop pebbles (beware stilettos!). We were all satisfied with EVERYTHING.

We started with two pitchers of Sangria, the "Blanco" (white wine with apple, pear, and orange) and the "Tinto" (spiced red wine with orange, apple, and cinnamon). The Blanco was sooo smooth while the Tinto was very tasty with a seemingly floral component. Each pitcher had enough for at least 5 glasses. From the ample brunch menu, we had the "Mixto" cured meat platter of two types of chorizo (Pamplona and Blanco), Serrano ham, salchihón, and lomo embuchado. If I was alone, I would have inhaled the entire platter. 

We also enjoyed all of the selections from the "Traditional Tapas" menu section. The Spanish olives in the "Olives" dish were so juicy with a controlled brininess. The "Croquetas De Jamón" (ham croquettes) tasted sinfully good while the "Piquillos Rellenos" (crab-stuffed peppers) oozed smokey-deliciousness. My favorite were the "Albóndigas"- very lamb-y meatballs, shaved Manchego, and peas in a creamy gravy.

Our table shared the "Arroz con Leche" (rice pudding with figs, pine nuts, and chocolate gelato) and the "Crema Catalana" (custard with pistachio, a pumpkin semifreddo, and cranberry sauce). Both were absolutely addictive. Amada, with a very fitting name, has become my #1 go-to spot in Philly.
Great Expectations is not only the name of a famous novel but also a description of my feelings as I visit a Garces restaurant. Last night the lovely wife and I kicked off Restaurant Week by visiting Amada and as expected, our meal was extraordinary.

Depending on the dictionary Amada translates to darling or beloved.  Whatever the translation, I am in love.  We are no strangers to Garces places and have visited Distrito and JG Domestic several times.  This is also not our first visit here.

Our Open Table reservations were honored perfectly and we were seated about five minutes early.  Our waiter was Harrison and throughout our meal he was competent and friendly.

The Restaurant Week menu included two appetizers, two entrees and a desert each.  So the two of us enjoyed a total of ten plates.  Note to new visitors; five plates each was the perfect number.  We were pleasantly full but not stuffed.

As we sighed and moaned over each delightful morsel we discovered we had a problem.  We would have a very difficult time deciding which dish or dishes were our favorites.  If you are visiting a tapas restaurant this is exactly the problem you want to face.

In the interests of brevity I'll mention three wonderful plates.  The Cana De Cabra cheese with fig and cherry marmalade was a perfect appetizer.  My wife's eyes lit up when she had her first taste and I agree.  The Costillas De Ternera Coca (beef shortrib flatbread with horseradish, parmesan and bacon) was beautiful to behold.  The kick from the horseradish worked well with the beef.  Finally the Madre E Hijo (chicken breast with truffles and fried egg) was plated beautifully.  I am a sucker for truffles and I was not disappointed.

At a Garces restaurant I've learned to expect at least a four star if not a five star experience.  Once again we were blown away.  Kudos to Jose for creating one of the best dining destinations in Philly.
What an experience! Amada was the best way to end a weekend after being trapped inside for a blizzard. 

My boyfriend and I ventured to Amada to enjoy their restaurant week menu and it was well worth it. Finding a vegetarian friendly restaurant week place is like a diamond in the rough but this place SHINES! The interior of Amada is very cozy feeling, while also feeling unique. They have a wall lined with lanterns and some tables that have rocks underneath. 

We were quickly seated upon arrival and ordered water and drinks. I got the Tinto Sangra and my boyfriend got a Spanish Lager beer. Both of them were nice but I especially enjoyed my Sangria. It was spiced with Cinnamon and made me feel cozy after a weekend surrounded by snow.

Since Amada is tapas, the menu for restaurant week allows you to order two apps, two "entrees" and one dessert. It's a lot of food and definitely a bargain at the restaurant week price. 

We ordered the Aged Manchego cheese, Ganboxtna cheese. Ensalada Verde, and Gambas Al Ajillo for appetizers. Both cheeses were amazing but I preferred the Ganboxtne cause I am partial to garlic. Honestly, both cheeses are something that I will think about for a long time and are a definite pick! The salad was filling for tapas and very tasty. I didn't try the Gambas (shrimp) but boyfriend said it was "good".

For entrees I ordered Espannagos con Trufas and Garbanzos con Espiancas. I preferred the Espannagos (asparagus and egg) and would definitely skip the Chickpeas and Spinach next time even though the smokeyness was a flavor I haven't had in a while.\. Again, these were both large portions so if you are afraid of tapas, it's okay to pick something a bit lighter. My boyfriend got a chicken dish topped with egg and steak dish. Overall, he said that they were both enjoyable but preferred the chicken dish (it's pictured below).

Finally, we ordered both desserts available. I strongly preferred the Crema Catalana. It was such a light, fresh dessert. The lemon custard was just superb. I highly recommend this dish.

Overall, I HIGHLY recommend this as a stop for restaurant week. I left satisfied and happy to drop the cash on this meal. A lot of food for a tapas place. Just go!
It was late afternoon
Girls night out
A cold, sweet treat was needed 
Sangria?
Sangri-YEAH
Four girls and a pitcher
Four dishes and a dessert.

We went on a restaurant Week, and it was a good excuse to give Amada a second chance. For $35 we got five choices including one dessert. It was simple, with an understated sophistication.

-First Course: (choice of two)
1) TORTILLA ESPAÑOLA: Spanish Tortilla, Saffron Aïoli. DELICIOUS. 
2) GAMBAS AL AJILLO: Garlic Shrimp. Yum Yum...

-Second Course: (choice of two)
1) BACALAO: Black Cod, Tomato & Pepper Stew, Potato Confit, Fennel & Olive Escabeche. It was too fishy. 
2) MADRE E HIJO: Chicken Breast with Truffles, Fried Egg. Really good. you won't be disappointed. 

- Third Course: (choice of one) AkA dessert.
CREMA CATALANA: Traditional Spanish Custard. TASTELESS. Worst desser I ever had.

Overall, the ambiance was lovely, the service was great and the food was good- other than the fishy fish and tasteless custard. 

Four solid Yelps.
Quite possibly my favorite restaurant in Philly. I came here for Restaurant Week and was totally NOT gypped. Each of us was allowed two plates for two courses, and then one dessert each. Two people = ten plates = two totally satisfied fatsos.

We ordered the chorizo pamplona (served with cornichons, caperberries and french dijon [my fave, but they were stingy]), gambas al ajillo, ham croquetas, and roasted vegetables with goat cheese toasts to start. EVERYTHING WAS GOOD. I had NO complaints about anything. I loved the roasted vegetables with the goat cheese. The shrimp was cooked perfectly and I loved that they included some chili peppers for those, like ourselves, that prefer things a little spicier.

Our second courses were the asparagus with poached egg and truffle, chicken breast with fried egg and truffle, beef shortrib flatbread with horseradish, parm and bacon, and the scallops grilled a la plancha. The flatbread could've used a little more horseradish (again, we like spicy stuff), but everything else was cooked to perfection. I'm a big fan of truffle so I'm fairly easy to please. Definitely loved the asparagus dish most.

The desserts were crema catalana and saffron arroz con leche, with complimentary almond tuile. Amazing.

AGAIN, EVERYTHING WAS GOOD. I highly recommend this restaurant. I know some people are wary of "small plates" but we were sooooo full afterwards, and this is coming from an extreme glutton.
I love Amada , so you should just go in and start enjoying yourself, there review over.  I guess I can't really leave a review like that, I think you'd want some more into it in why I love it. Fine so I guess this review is not over as we dive in, let see maybe you'll  love this place as I do.

 The ambiance is nothing but spectacular, with the lighting not to dark, not to bright making this for an amazing meal to come. It really doesn't matter where you sit in Amada from the bar with the hanging prosciutto to the subtle seating in the other room. This makes it a perfect dining experience in Old City so come in and enjoy a cocktail or two while exploring.

As our night couldn't get any better our dinner was a marvel, nothing but phenomenal all around. Cooked to perfection, the flavors that they add to these dishes. The marinades, the time put into every little detail  can not be matched, a burst , the smiles and sighs of satisfaction with every bite.

This was on our menu, the traditional tasting menu with some other add-ons.  I highly recommend everything by the way.

1) Datiles con Almendras~This is a bacon wrapped around  medjool dates, with  almonds, cabrales.   

2) Artisanal Spanish~ These are olives that are prepared in a manner that I can not explain, it is just that good

3) Pulpo a la Gallega~ ** A must order**  This is their Grilled Octopus and it is banging, so get 2 orders of this.

4) Almejas con Chorizo~~ Clams with Chorizo

5) Patatas Bravas~  Spicy Potatoes 

6) Piquillos Rellenos~  Crab-Stuffed Peppers which is unreal

7)Croquetas De Jamn~ Ham croquettes, which is simply delicious
 

Not from the traditional tasting menu we also went with grilled scallops and grilled calamari, with an aged Manchego, it is an traditional cheese in a truffled lavender honey. 

If you are wondering why we had ordered all of those items this is a tapas restaurant. Small portions for two, which makes this an exciting place to visit. All the fresh tastes to be explored without feeling guilty.

Will I be back again? Yes!. Do I recommend this for you? Yes, I highly recommend this restaurant. This along with the service and treatment we received, this is a solid 5 on my end, plus order their traditional cocktail, its on point.
The Cochinillo Asado meal brought me back to Segovia in Spain where they are famous for the roast suckling pig. Mmm mmm I could taste it right now, the crackly skin and the tender juicy meat. This pig needs no sauce or additional seasoning.

We specifically went to Amada for the roast suckling pig and it was well worth it. At first I had reservations. About $200+ for a half pig... We could get a whole le chon for that price and feed a party of 30 from a Filipino restaurant. But once you try the roast suckling pig, you will find that there is absolutely no contest. I choose the Cochinillo Asado hands down. 

It arrived crispy and golden on a carving table complete with a personal chef who carved it away. I thought it looked tiny, it is baby after all, but after having a serving or two, I realized there was more to this pig than I had thought. Our table was left with a heaping mound of suckling pig and after six people had eaten one, two, three servings of it, a dent was barely made. Oh man your money stretches at Amada. We were all able to take home the leftovers. That's 16 lbs of pig for six people. It is no joke. I ate that pig for dinner the next day and it was just as delicious, juicy, tender, and tasty as it was the day before.

The sides are nothing to go raving about but made for a nice plate. I did enjoy the fingerling potatoes and Rosemary White Beans a lot. A tad salty and drenched with olive oil but definitely hit the spot.

We ordered the Paella Valenciana and I was gravely disappointed. The paella is a fake with strips of dry and flavorless chicken sitting on top along with toasted bread and saffron aioli. Huh? It didn't even have a crispy bottom. I am glad my request for lobster was denied. The paella is a waste of money. Stick to tapas if you feel that your suckling pig meal will be lacking. If not for the paella, I would have given Amada 5 stars.

The sangria was great. Have a drink at the bar while you're waiting and bring the pitcher to your table when ready. The atmosphere is young and hip, very lively. Definitely a fun spot for family and friends.

We actually closed down Amada and got kicked out of the restaurant for lingering too long. Ah, who said weekends in Philly are not fun?
Round 2: Amada vs. Mari. Ding ding ding!!!

Amada doesn't stand a chance. Mari's last visit involved mediocre food and Amada went down with an easy one, two punch. Tonight, she's brought her cynicism and disdain to keep her thinking straight. Amada has to make a significant effort if he thinks he's going to win.

Amada quickly throws a round of Farmhouse beers at Mari. Good move, Amada. Get her in a euphoric state so she can't leave unsatisfied. Her gaurd's clearly down but Mari's no lightweight. His strategy continues with a Cana de Cabra cheese plate. The cheese has got her melting like butter on a skillet. That's right, the heat is on.

It looks like it's going to be a tough match for Mari. He punches out a garbanzo beans and spinach dish... but, wait.. Mari's ducked and the beans are a miss! Undercooked garbanzo's and sparse spinach has got her critical eye back in the game!!

Amada's scheming something big. He's doing some fancy footwork- and bangs out a Madre E Hijo chicken dish!! Very unexpected. And it doesn't look like he's done yet. A shrimp and chorizo flatbread! Mari's not looking so good... Her eyes are starting to roll back and drool is slipping down her chin. Was it the climactic egg yolk breaking over the chicken generously sprinkled with truffles? Perhaps the fusion of the perfectly cooked shrimp and spices on her crispy flatbread! Either way, the pressure's wearing her down.

She's barely hangin in there. She's losing focus.. And.. Amada's hurled a rice pudding with blackberry compote dessert onto the table!!! Where'd that come from?! Thick and creamy, not too heavy, very unique. He's got her swaying in her seat!

One... Two... Three! That's it! She's down! She won't get up!!!

She can't get off her stool.

Good fight, Amada!!! He knew he had to bring his A-game to gain some respect and he did. Tonight, Amada's won Mari over.
OK, here's the secret to having a 5 star experience at Amada - go on a slower night (like a Monday during the summer) so that you can be seated comfortably and the noise level won't be too deafening (this is a LOUD, busy place).

Go with a crowd - we had 7 ladies and ordered 2 plates each.  Sounds like not enough?  WRONG!!!  Many of the choices are heavy. (Even at tapas size.)

Standouts amoung the 14 different items we tried?

Gambas (your basic garlic shrimp - done just right), Flatbread with Artichokes (divine), Yellow tomato gazpacho (perfect on a summer night) was garnished with crab salad and avocado ice cream (Yes - a savory icecream pluche).

The crab-stuffed peppers were so incredibly creamy, crabby and tasty we ordered one more plateful.  (So I guess we had 15 dishes among 7 ladies).

The plate of veggies (can't remember the name) was simple and perfect - tomato, pepper, onion and a delectable eggplant dip.  It was accompanied by crispy-thin bread smeared lightly with a chive goat cheese.  HEAVENLY.

Lamb meatballs were too rare (nearly raw)  for most of the groups liking, but the sherry cream sauce and fresh green peas were tasty.

The salad with figs and blue cheese came literally wrapped in Jamon.  Weird and not my bag - but it, too, disappeared.

Meanwhile, they ARE heavy handed with the salt and the (salty) cheeses - so if you KNOW this (you, smart -yelper-who-pre-reads before you go, you!)  Ask for items light on the (salt) (Cheese) (Sauce) etc.

I can't wait to come back here - at an off time - with more than 2 other people.

2 dishes apiece for 7 people came to $280 (including tax 'n tip) including ONE sangria each.  (Well, not I, I had 2 virgin mojitos with a splash of pineapple juice).  

Jose, baby,  you live up to your hype.

And I have now been to all 5 Philly Garces joints.  Huzzah!

Oh - and if you don't eat pork or shellfish - you'll have a TOUGH time here.  And if you are vegan - fuggedaboutit!  (Dairy is hidden in things)
Oxford's Concise defines tapas as small Spanish savory dishes typically served with drinks at a bar. Amada is one such tapas restaurant in Old City (the other I know of is right off 2nd and Chestnut).

Amada's exterior is unassuming, resembling more a bookstore than an eatery. The front drapes help muffle noise. (When I arrived, I wondered if anyone was inside - even though it was hard for me to reserve a table over the Internet.) The drapes also mask Amada's chic-yet-classic interior, complete with dark wood tables and columns. Cloth-covered seats and candles along the walls give Amada an exotic feel. This place is popular, for sure - it was crowded on a Wednesday evening!

Amada has a good wine selection. My friends chose to indulge in drinks instead - the lychee mojito was great, my friend said.

After examining the menu (a wild selection of plates - see their web site for a full list), we opted for the chef's special tapas menu ($45/head). Essentially a tasting menu, the chef arranges a course-by-course meal for the table.

A bevy of dainty delectable dishes were delivered to us in several courses. There were so many plates; while I photographed each, I couldn't take exhaustive mental notes:

- To start, we had plenty of olives (they lasted the entire meal), fresh capers, pickles, and crispy bread.
- Next, proscuitto was paired with a soft bread. An avocado salad received appreciative attention by our table as it was DIVINE, seasoned just right with not too much or too little dressing, and it wasn't heavy enough to be imposing.
- After, we had delicious stuffed red peppers with crab meat.
- While we were recovering, we had foie gras on French toast (another treat). The liver was slightly sweeter than I usually prefer, but still outstanding.
- Slices of octopus with a lemon on the side made it to our table. Interestingly, the consistency was not chewy, and quite agreeable!
- Slightly spicy and crispy green beans (not overcooked and very, very green) accompanied the last dish, a quartet of tender lamb chops, cooked until slightly bloody and marinated to perfection.
- An almond cookie was given with the check. In addition, we ordered two desserts as a closer, which were sweet but were tiny portions. The avocado mousse was good but we barely tasted any avocado.

An open kitchen keeps the action in plain view. Diners are able to sit around it (we did not).

No place is perfect: Tables were too close to one another, making it a cramped in the dining room nor providing much privacy. Due to the noise level I could only hear my neighbor. To talk to folks across the table, I had to raise my voice. Amada is ideal for a party of four; for more, you'll have to sit at the bar or by the kitchen.

Service was good, but doesn't get a chance to shine. They're polite and quick but only have time to do their job. We had six different servers during the course of the meal, serving and introducing each plate. Our primary server (Pat) was fine. Nitpicks aside, I heartily recommend Amada.
Jose Garce's FIRST restaurant.. and can i just say the food was DELICIOUS at this dark but casual tapas joint

BEST SANGRIA ever, although i couldn't taste the alcohol!! the blanca was the best of the 2 we tried
---tortilla espanola: SO unique & very filling for a tapa dish since it's stufffed w/ potatoes... super flavorful w/ yummy saffron aioli for dipping
---piquillos rellenos: (crab stuffed peppers) FRESH crab, comes w/ 2
---beef short rib flat bread w/ parmesan & bacon: nutty flavors! the meat was so good but i wasn't a huge fan of the parmesan
---bacalao a la plancha: the black cod was MELT IN YOUR MOUTH, cooked just under medium & the crust was SO perfectly crispy
---complimentary almond cookie at the end of the meal: nice light sweetness

it's an open kitchen but we were seated in back area away from kitchen where it's darker

NOTE: the waiter said to shoot for 3 tapas dishes per person but it really depends on how filling the ones you order are! the two of us were fine w/ 2 each (prob since the tortilla espanola was so filling)

i'd def come back for MORE
What is going on here, Jose Garces!?

I made a pit stop in Amada during my Philly trip. Given I wasn't dressed my best- but I DID have a button down, black jeans, and flats. I was given "the eye and glance over" by the Maître d, hostess, and her cohort as if I wasn't dressed well enough to be in there. My handbag was designer, damnit.

I offered to sit at the bar instead of waiting for a table ..... and I was seated next to a recycle bin, garbage can, and the part of the bar that opens for the bartender to go behind the bar. ... It wouldn't have been a problem had there not been a lack of glasses for alcoholic beverages and the servers walking up to the bartenders, saying how they've been waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and multiple servers saying, "you have to talk to someone. We have to talk to someone about this." Like, what? The bad execution of service?

I was asked three times over if I wanted food:
1. The first time was a given since I wanted the food menu.
2. The second time was because they thought I didn't order and never placed my order into the system.
3. Did you forget that I already ordered!?

I had the bacalao. I understand that it's a tapas place but the piece of fish was the size of my palm, and was cold like it was sitting in the window too long.

I ordered dark habits (lime, strawberry, gin) as my drink, and I had to say it was a great combination. The bartenders were also very apologetic for the horrible service.

Overall, you gotta clean this place up, Jose Garces. It's your original restaurant, man.
The service sucks.
The food's mediocre.
Your Maître d  and hostess are unwelcoming.
Your nice bartenders and good drinks can only get you that far.
While visiting the area I came here because several friends recommended this restaurant. Thank you friends because this restaurant was stellar!!!!!!! I'm not for Milyer with the Philadelphia neighborhoods, but noticed while driving down Chessnut the street has lots of things to offer. Such a cute street! 

We had a reservation at seven but became really hungry and walked it at six and were able to be seated. Yay!We sat in the back section which I was really excited about because you get to walk to the kitchen area. Of course I had to take several trips to the restroom just to walk to the kitchen area just to take a peak of the cooking and to smell all the amazing aromas. Ha! Not to mention the super pretty candlelit hallway to the restroom. Ridiculous that I am writing about a hallway to the restroom when I am running a restaurant review but it really is pretty.

Our server was super friendly and told us about the chef's tasting menu however we settled upon ordering our own place so we could get exactly what we wanted. We decided
on the grilled octopus, bacon wrapped dates, parmesan artichoke, flatbread chorizo shrimp, crab peppers, and roasted pork. My favorites - dates, crab and octopus. I probably wouldn't order the chorizo shrimp again, but that's just me. Photos are posted below in that orders. There was bread service with tuna and balsamic vinegar which was absolutely wonderful. 

To drink I tried the blanco sangria and seasonal rose sangria. I really enjoyed the blanco. I didn't do red only because I'm not a red wine drinker however I'm sure it's very good.

This has been one of the most satisfying meals I've had in a very, very, very long time. The flavors were mouthwatering and all so very different! Amada really knows what they're doing!!! Ps, checkout the walk to the bathroom!
This place was good enough for me to let my meter run out and suffer another parking ticket.

Amada is incredible. After celebrating Valentine's Day at Tinto, I was a little skeptical of more tapas (I'm a big eater), especially for Restaurant Week, but Amada did not disappoint at all. Being able to choose two plates each for two courses plus one dessert yielded more than enough deliciousness to sate my appetite.

My favorite out of what we ordered were the ham croquetas, which were crunchy and packed with flavor, and served over some sort of sundried tomato puree, I think. The gambas was also awesome, the shrimp was perfectly cooked. I wasn't a big fan of the chorizo but that might just be a personal thing. There was so much more food than I was expecting, I was totally overwhelmed by both the amount and how good it was.

We also ordered a pitcher of white sangria - light, fruity and tasty. I'm also not much of a dessert person but the arroz con leche was great, too.

They have a special tasting menu for October to celebrate their 5th anniversary so I highly recommend you make a reservation ASAP!
Definitely a Philadelphia must-try restaurant, partially just to say that you've been and cause they have some superb dishes. Everything is super flavorful! My upper lip was sweating despite downing water after every bite. The other people in my dining party seemed to be okay though.

Winners of the night: 
Pulpo a la Gallega (spanish octopus)
Chipirones (baby squid)
Esparragos con Trufas (grilled asparagus) 
Paella Valenciana - takes a long time to prepare but definitely save room for this giant dish
Every once in a blue moon, I'll blow $100 bucks on a meal and for those times I make damn sure it's worth it- and Amada is worth it. 

My bf and I went last night and sat at a bar table, which to my surprise had great ambiance, and I think I would prefer it to the main dining area.  Timing of the food and the service was impeccable. 

Melon + Serrano Ham started off the night right, delicious caramelization on the Melon was perfect.

I'll cut to the chase and say that the wild mushrooms were the most amazing tasting mushrooms I've had in my 23 years of life.  Favorite dish I had all night.  In fact, I'm at work right now thinking of how succulent and incredible they were still. 

The pulled pork flat bread with apple and fennel was also delectable.  It looked exactly like something Garces made for the finale of Next Iron Chef.

Chorizo and Clams had such a good sauce we sopped up every last drop with bread. 

Hen breast with fingerling potatoes and the egg on top and some  incredible sauce kept up the pace of our meal.

Manchego cheese with lavender honey, mmMM

Topped it all off with some dark chocolate creme brulee type custard with a pile of berries and a really F'n good berry sorbet.

in SUMMARY:
get the wild mushrooms
get the meats
get the red sangria
forget about how much everything costs cause you're going to spend $100 anyway
and enjoy!
After 575 reviews of Amada on Yelp... I'll keep my review short and sweet.

WHOLE ROASTED SUCKLING PIG

Need to make reservations at least 3 days in advance.
$40 per person.

Comes with:
1) Grilled Green Onions
2) Herb Roasted Fingerlings
3) Garbanzo con Espinicas
4) Rosemary White Beans

Suckling Pig is carved TABLESIDE.

Our table ordered Paella as well... but with the amount of food served - there is really no need to order any extras.

Pitcher of Sangria is a plus to complete the meal.
ROAST SUCKLING PIG CARVED TABLESIDE.

get at least 3 of your closest friends and indulge. this pig is crispy and melts in your mouth. i think you can gather up to 12 people to share an entire pig. CALL 3 DAYS IN ADVANCE to eat this pig. 

it comes with sides, but we ordered paella too - after all you need to eat paella in a spanish restaurant.

the service is impeccable, the food is divine and the sangria was great!

I do have one tiny bit of complaint. The lighting is a bit too dim for me to appreciate how beautiful the food looks. 

The next time i come, i will bring a flashlight!
My friend and I found ourselves here on Sunday night in hopes that we could get seated.  As luck would have it, there were two seats available at the chef's counter.  Since neither of us was starving, we ordered 4 plates to share~ a serrano ham and fig salad, two different flatbreads and parmesan artichokes.  Everything was really nicely presented and full of flavor.  Our server was very attentive and pleasant.     

The seasonal peach sangria was delicious and probably one of the best I've had.

Our only gripe was that it was SO HOT in the restaurant.  And not just where we were seated, but everywhere.  We suspected the managers were probably trying to conjure the actual temperature of Spain to provide the full experience.  As we watched the desserts being prepared in front of us, the ice cream scooped on top started melting instantly.  I felt kind of sad for the people who had ordered them.

Overall, I'd love to try Amada again, but probably not until summer is over.  I loathe melty ice cream!
Since Jose (in my dreams, I'd like to think we would be on a first name basis) opened up his first baby Amada, the place has been jam-packed, filled to the brim popular-  with good reason, it was one of the first restaurants in the city to tackle and execute good Spanish tapas cuisine (Bar Ferdinand soon followed suit) and it was the first place of many that would start rivaling Stephen's empire.

This place is on the pricier side, so be ready to spend a pretty penny if you want a no-holds-barred dinner (if you've got the pennies, try the tasting menu!).  Avoid buying wine by the glass (the better pours are priced $13 and up and there isn't too much variety) and buy a bottle.  It has been serving consistently good food since its opening with very few dissappointments.

This is tapas, so portions are small and are meant to be shared.   Food is more about substance and taste than presentation.  Their rotating amuse bouches are always delicious and refreshing than your average bread service. (i.e. last visit served up a delectable tuna salad)

The food is only a couple notches better than Bar Ferdinand, so if you want the tapas experience for half the price, go there instead.
I went here last night with two friends for Restaurant Week and really enjoyed the entire meal. The tapas style serving allowed us to share everything, so we managed to test most of the menu offered. Highlights: the garlic shrimp were delicious but not overpowering; the grilled asparagus with poached egg was amazing, the seasonal wild mushrooms were a real surprise, possibly the best mushroom's i've ever had. both dessert options were delicious as well. We ordered a pitcher of rose sangria which gave us each about 2 drinks, not too shabby for the price. It was a more bold sangria then we expected, but it was delicious. This restaurant is best with a group of about 6 people so that you can try a little of everything.
I've already expressed my undying love for Jose Garces so I needn't repeat myself.  However, Amada remains my favorite of his and one of my all time favorites.

The shrimp and chorizo flat bread is amazing.  Among my other favorites: the spicy potatoes, the garlic shrimp, and the spanish octopus.  In addition, the seasonal vegetables are always excellent.  The sangria is also awesome!  

The only dish I ever had here that I truly did not enjoy was the paella which was too smoky.  Other than that, everything is delicious.


Amada definitely conjures up a multitude of happy memories for me which is why I tend to go back all the time.  It is one of my happy places.
MMM. I admit that I came to Amada for a birthday dinner, and started with drinks at a local dive bar, had another fancy concoction at the bar while I waited for my table, and then plenty of white and red sangria (both delicious!) so my memory of the evening is a bit hazy, but I do remember that I liked it. A lot. 

It's cozy (though I didn't feel that it was overly crowded) and dark, but not too dark. There was a decent selection of vegetarian tapas, though I would agree with other posters that you should skip the olives (boring!) and dive into the cheese combinations. While other place might be cheaper and easier to get a table at, the atmosphere here is the best.
Took my date to Amada and I was impressed. Tapas at this place are delicious and sharing food was fun.This added a new dimension to my date night.Life is good!
I returned again in January for the chef's tasting menu. Unsure if I had the same server, but his name was Pat too... food wasn't as TASTY as before (there were different plates) but they were still outstanding and oozing with quality. Their ninja-like service (unobtrusive and QUICK) rocked too. I sat in the rear area, which has less of a noise problem than the front
The first time I went here was before Amada had been reviewed anywhere, it was just this new place that opened in Old City that was suppose to have great tapas. And well, it was great. The place with buzzing nicely, the wait staff was friendly and knowledgeable, and even recommend a great wine. There was no rush and we sipped sherry while we enjoyed a front row seat to watch the flamanco dancers.

I didn't get back here for quite some time.

Now every db in Old City needs to be there. We couldn't get a reservation until 9:30 and were elbow to elbow with the other hurried patrons.

The food was still excellent, but the staff no longer had time to chat with us. It felt much less special.

Next time I'm looking for tapas, I'll be heading to Bar Ferdinand or possibly Tinto. I am making a vow to avoid Old City whenever possible.
When I go to trendy restaurants I try to order the exotic dishes on the menu, but less than a week after I landed from my trip in Spain, I wanted the basics. I was craving the bread and butter of Spain, or I guess in this case it would be the sangria and olive oil.

We got dishes that are available at every tapas restaurant in Spain like patatas bravas and pulpo. While the service was attentive, and the ambiance of the place was chic and calming, I was disappointed by the food, although it's probably a bad idea to try an ethnic cuisine in the states after returning from the food's native country.

The tortilla was okay but small, the patatas bravas was a fusion-ish interpretation of the usual fries, and the chipirones were tender. The pulpo had a nice char to it, which I'd never seen when I was in Spain. I think the most disappointing for me were the pimientos de padron. I'd become obsessed with these things when I was abroad, but these weren't quite the same. I know these peppers are hard to find in the states, which could be a reason why though they tasted like they were cooked properly, the type of pepper seemed different than the original. 

Overall, it was a good dining experience, but the tapas add up (+$60 for two people) and smaller portions than I'd expected. I'll have to try it again and it'll be the more exotic dishes, so I have nothing to compare it to.
I can see why this place has so many 5 stars.

I went to Amada last night with 4 of my friends for restaurant week. It was busy but we were still seated within a few minutes of arriving. Service was perfect. Our waitress was great at describing the dishes, making recommendations and handling a busy night with a table of indecisive females. Food was brought out quickly but not too fast that we felt rushed.

This is a great value for restaurant week. For $35, we each got 2 appetizer tapas, 2 entree tapas and dessert.

My absolute favorites were the Aged Manchego Cheese and Ham Croquettes. The aged manchego cheese comes with this truffled lavender honey spread- when you put the toast, apple, cheese and spread together, it is heavenly. I am normally not a big fan of ham but the ham in the croquettes was subtle- I have no idea what else is in the 5 delicious balls but the taste is uniquely delicious and is now one of my favorite dishes in Philly.

I also tried the garlic shrimp, madre e hijo (chicken breast with truffles & fried egg), scallops, and flatbread with shrimp, chorizo & garbanzo bean purée. I am not a huge fan of chorizo so the flatbread with chorizo was probably a bad choice on my part. It definitely has a strong taste of chorizo so chorizo lovers would probably enjoy it. All the dishes were tasty and generously sized for being tapas.

I really liked both desserts- crema catalana (spanish custard, pistachio and semifreddo, cranberry) and arroz con leche (rice pudding, figs and pine nuts). Both were unique and very good. I can see how picky eaters may not like these desserts, but if you are looking for something sweet but a little different from the typical desserts, you will probably love these.

I love the feel of the restaurant and the dim lighting.  We sat at the front, closest table to the door and next to the large windows, so it was a bit chilly since it was only 19 degrees out last night. But I bet in warmer weather with the nice large windows open, this would be a wonderful place to sit.
Amada's a great spot for sangria. And for their excellent Tinto studded with orange and apple bits and just the right amount of cinnamon I'd definitely return.

The tapas, on the other hand, leave much to be desired. Most were overly salty and on the whole unmemorable.
Amada provided a memorable meal for a variety of reasons. 
First, this is one of the tasting menus where you are not going to say at the end of the night. Should I have a lot more food for what I paid? 
The end of the night I was stuffed, completely. Three rounds of tapas was served from the menu. Each round had three dishes and some kind of palate cleanser. 

Second, the food was cooked to perfection. I am not even talking about taste here. I've not been to a restaurant where everything was so perfectly cooked, For example, a chicken dish with an egg on top. I've never had chicken so tender and moist before. It could almost melt in your mouth. The shrimp was also cooked to perfection as well as scallops. 

I was a little surprised at the casual nature of the restaurant. Every review I read said business casual was the attire, however people came dressed a lot more casual than that. I would bet that because the location is in Old City that a lot of tourists came dressed as is on a Saturday night. 

The waiter was wonderful, friendly and knew the food. He was quick to steer us to the tasting menu and adapt it to my dislike of most seafood. And if you show up, check out this guy. He looks and talks almost like the red haired guy on the TV show Modern Family. 

Finally the tasting menu. It was wonderful. The food was simple and allowed to stand on its own flavor. Let me go through what we had to explain this better. 
The first round was a mountain salad as my wife and I called it. That is how it looked. It was a combination of avocado, lima beans, asparagus, green beans and salad. They combined it with some slices of cheese, mustard seed and green olive oil. Wow, the flavors were delicious. Natural and fresh ingredients allowed to be themselves. The salad almost had a nutty taste to it. 
To complete the first round we were given a variety of hams that were cured in various manners along with some bread. This was a very generous portion on a huge plate. It came with olives, very spicy mustard and pickles. Then a plate of cheese, honey and green apples accompanied with slices of bread, Simple fresh and delicious. Do not feel hurrried when all the plates come out at the same time. Take your time and enjoy the festival of flavors. 
The second round was even more intriquing. Shrimp cooked in garlic and oil came out steaming hot in a round dish, still cooking and sizzling in the oil. The waiter, encouraged me to try it, knowing I do not like seafood and said I would enjoy it. My wife loved it and I tried a couple of shrimp. I loved the other dishes in this round better. A epinanda with cheese, greens, sweet red peppers and onions was also served. I wished there was more than the two slices of it. But, then the masterpiece came out to the table. A flat bread with pulled pork and cheese on top. Wow, my mouth exploded with flavor. My wife let me eat most of this dish. There was sweetness to it in various bites and savory with the cheese. 
The final round was the wonderful chicken dish, scallops and a dish of wild mushrooms. I am no lover of mushrooms either, but loved these. A nice smokey flavor and not too chewy as mushrooms can be. They were soft and delicate, cooked to perfection like everything else. The chicken I mentioned earlier. The scallops had a nice sweetness to it. 
The dessert was perplexing to me. Most tasting menus will come with one. We were stuffed completely by this point, but I still had to order one. I ordered a napolean of peaches that was scrumptous and a great finish. 
Overall, a wonderful meal and a good value compared to other high end food establishments.
What an amazing place! For starters, their happy hour is amazing- $5 drinks and tapas. I tried both the red and white sangria and enjoyed both. The white was my favorite and was not too sweet. It was pretty strong too so watch out!

I would recommend 2 tapas per person, 3 if your group is on the hungrier side. The marcona almonds, patatas bravas, artichoke and mushroom flatbread, olives, brussels sprouts, pimento peppers, and manchego and pear toastinis were all good. I think the most original one was the patatas bravas which was served unconventionally in little towers. Honestly everything was so yummy, I can't wait to come back and try some more!
Perfect for special occasion (read: $$$$).  Candle-lit, chic black chairs and thick oak tables, well-dressed waiters and diners make for an intimate ambiance and upscale experience.  The focus here is tapas and wines (obvi), but feasts include a whole pig roast, lobster paella, and special occasion pre fixes.   

I recommend splitting a pitcher of the white sangria, and adorning it with pulpo, mussels, and an ensalada verde (as large as an upside-down cereal bowl).   

It's Garces, so good cheeses and meats as well.  If you are into that .
My boyfriend took me here recently for my birthday dinner, and it was truly a wonderful experience. After going there, I can definitely understand how popular it is regardless of what time of the day.

The interior is wonderful - dark wood floors and furniture highlighted with creamy linens. It can feel a bit crowded when its full, but not uncomfortably so. The kitchen is also partially open to the dining area, with a bar right there (ideal eating location in my opinion), and the bar itself is on the side, partitioned off from diners. 

The food is delicious; it was very hard to choose only a few, especially since they offer so many traditional spanish tapas. The full entrees seem unnecessary compared to the tapas since we weren't even interested in them. We had:

Escalivada: Roasted Peppers & Eggplant, Cippolini Onions & Confit Tomatoes (really good, but would skip next time)
Morels Salteados: Morel Mushrooms, Thyme & White Asparagus (exquisite - its small, but very memorable)
Grilled Baby Squid (simple but cooked to perfection, they were amazingly tender)
Arroz de Langosta: Lobster Bomba Rice with Clams, Lemon Zest & Golden Pea Shoots (MmmMmm gooooood)
Pimientos de Padron: Fried Peppers, Sea Salt & Salbitxada (delicately spicy - a must)
Piquillos Rellenos: Crab-Stuffed Peppers (If you get one dish, this is the one. Amazingly good)
Olas de Chocolate: Godiva Liqueur Cake, Chocolate Mousse, Milk Chocolate Ice Cream (definitely for the chocolate lover, and surprisingly large compared to the tapas)
Banana Torrijas: Crispy Spanish Bread, Carmelized Bananas, Maple Syrup Ice Cream, Banana Anglaise (TO. DIE. FOR. If you like bananas, that is)

We also each had a glass of sangria; I had the tinto, which was incredible and lived up to the ones I've had in Spain, while my boyfriend had their seasonal bianco with mint and mango, which he loved but was too sweet for my taste (weird, because I'm the one with the sweet tooth).

The portions are smaller than some might expect, especially with some dishes, but for the two of us those 6 plates, two desserts, and sangria was perfect - however, it does leave a substantial bill at the end of the evening. However, we both agreed (especially me since I didn't pay ;D ) that it was completely worth it. And the service was spectacular, we had a very attentive, informed waiter. This is truly one of Philly's top restaurants.
Delivering on authentic and tasty Spanish tapas, Amada lives up to expectations.

Amada is Jose Garces' first restaurant and is absolutely a must visit if you're in Philly. Great care has been taken with the menu, specializing in Spanish tapas ranging from $7-13 (for the traditional tapas). Most people will be satisfied with 3-4 tapas, which can really add up quickly...unless you go during restaurant week and get one of the best specials in the city at $35 per person for two first courses, 2 second courses and one dessert. This is a must -- bring friends so you can try a little bit of everything.

We tried a bunch of things, so I'll focus on a few that really excelled, starting with the delicious Serrano Ham, thinly sliced lightly salted ham that is a staple of Spanish restaurants. We also ordered the olives, which are always an excellent palate refresher and you get quite a bit along with pickles. The Coca de Alcachofas y Setas flatbread, was pretty fantastic with artichokes, wild mushrooms, black truffles and manchengo. I'm also a sucker for oxtail, and the Rabo de Toro oxtail stew, with butternut squash, Spanish plums and pine nuts is exploding with flavor. The best was the Spanish octopus, the Pulp a la Gallega, with delicious char and cooked tender. Dessert was a choice between a Milhojas, a puff pastry with hazelnut praline, bergamot, and banana and Tocinillo De Cielo, a simple yet tasty dessert of egg cream, vanilla, and orange meringue, and pistachio. You can't go wrong with either.

In sum, it was an extremely satisfying meal reminding me of the few days I spent in Spain, and the fact it was during restaurant week only added to the experience. It's worth the money and you won't leave disappointed.
Exiting the train station and entering the heart of Philadelphia felt really good. Hobbling along with a sprained knee, husband holding my hand, and my friend Jessica, visiting from California, leading the way as Philly's out of state tour guide extraordinaire felt even better. We were in the city, and cared not about the freezing cold spearing our necks. We were taking the town by storm, one eat and drink at a time from the burger and cask flights at The Dandelion Pub to drinks at Franklin & Mortgage Investment Co. The pinnacle, was, of course Amada and its $55 tasting menu. Chef Jose Garces's empire is here, amassing 8 restaurants in the city of brotherly love with Amada being the big brother of the bunch. The scene is not your usual casual tapas - it's sleek and chic with a well-trained service staff. It's a night out. 

We started off with creamy tuna-caper "salsa" drizzled with balsamic . It screamed tuna pang fulfillment. 
The rest goes as follows: 

Some artiseanal Spanish olives

Aged Manchego with truffled lavender honey, El Cantu with sherry caramel, and Cana de Cabra with fig and cherry marmalade. The crowd favorite was the El Cantu in all its sharp, nutty, crystallized glory. 

Ensalada Verde: green salad, asparagus, avocados, green beans and fava. Something I could eat every day. Just pure refreshments with richness from the avocado and fava. 


Let's be honest, I am no beef eater. I usually pass on it or give it to my little brother or husband. But these wagu beef brochettes with royal trumpet mushrooms turned me into a believer. Hands down, the trophy winner tapa of the night. 


Gambas al Ajillo was also memorable in terms of sweet, just-barely cooked shrimp and abundance of addicting garlic. It is necessary to ask for extra bread to mop up the juices. 

Habas al la Catalana, a mix of warm favas and limas spiked with mustard seeds proved to be a hearty vegetarian dish with mellow, earthly flavors shinning through. 

Another trophy winner was setas - chantarelles massaged in a sexy parsley olive oil.  

Tortilla Española with saffron aioli equates to luxurious comfort at its finest. 

The last course was the Madre E Hijo, sous vide chicken breast, fried egg, mojama and truffles. I am not much of a chicken eater, but this changed my mind - fork tender chicken, runny yolk, and truffles? How can you not. 

We also got scallops that looked incredible, but I am allergic, so I passed. My dining companions were enamored. 

Dessert was a rich chocolate sorbet with arroz con leche - rice pudding with pine nuts and figs. We were beyond full, and the rice pudding would have been more appreciated as a light breakfast the next day. 

Overall the tasting menu at Amada explores some of the best traditional Spanish tapas with a few twists. No complaints and a bargain of a tasting menu. Everything consumed was spectacular and my husband and I are heading back for the more daring Chef's selection next time!
loved this place. came here for lunch during my first trip to philly. i loved the honey lavender cheese plate! the gazpacho amarillo and the caldo gallego soups were both amazing, as was the serrano ham & fig salad. very trendy decor, seems like it would be a great bar scene.
There is a reason why this place has such high ratings, the secret is in the ingrediants and savory small plates, with a little help from Iron Chef Jose Garces. I looked forward to trying Amada, because I love small plates and they had such high reviews. We decided to order up a little of everything, including:

*Charcuteria, Cured Meats: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/S8ZFYEgMejpChID8tzKo9A?select=X3pW-9wnjt1O_hSIxH7oQg
*Cheese Platter, manchengo, garrotxa, cabrales cheeses and matching sauces: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/S8ZFYEgMejpChID8tzKo9A?select=xQ_f0vGgmJ3MhUi6UZrARg
*Artisan Spanish Olives: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/S8ZFYEgMejpChID8tzKo9A?select=eShAfC7iMEi3NAidRXJc-Q
*Grilled Scallops: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/S8ZFYEgMejpChID8tzKo9A?select=-VsvHlbxHrB8trkIM1g4vg
*Crab Stuffed Piquillos Rellenos: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/S8ZFYEgMejpChID8tzKo9A?select=nLSc60HPUOeuOyYwOHXSfA
*Grilled Chroizo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/S8ZFYEgMejpChID8tzKo9A?select=CRtcm3nkrv4z5ZrmnOnjJQ
*Warm Lima & Fava Bean Salad: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/S8ZFYEgMejpChID8tzKo9A?select=ZJ_3Pnk2l_tkf_7FhkMqjg

All paired with the Ommegang Witte, a nice 5.1%ABV Begian Style Ale. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/S8ZFYEgMejpChID8tzKo9A?select=f37wxskbjjc9xdoDQ6jbrw

The food and lunch was perfect, the plates came as they were ready so we sat and enjoyed our bites of different things during conversation. It's lunches like these that inspire my cooking and make me feel like a lucky girl.
We ate there on a Monday night but they were happy enough to accommodate our party of four. Excellent food, very pleasant, helpful, and friendly staff! 
Restaurant did not seem too busy and things were clean and organized.
The chef is so passionate about his food and the ambiance in the restaurant is so peaceful!! Definitely recommend this spot for a date night or friends gathering!
Boys, makeovers, and candy? Sure, as a teenager, I loved them all, but not as much as I loved (rather obsessed over) horses. There was something so captivating, so majestic, so regal about those four-legged beasts galloping over the emerald, wildflower studded prairies. Everything else seemed secondary to learning about, riding, and watching the creatures. 

My favorite encycolopedia showcased some 100+ breeds of horses with full color photos. Nearly 15 years after purchasing it most pages are worn, but there is one that is tattered more than the others. This page features the most galliant horse of them all: the Andalusian. 

His strong, sloping neck is reminicent of snow covered hills. His shiny mane glistens like water unter the midday sun. His large, round black eyes offer a glimpse into his compassionate soul. And his back...

-ZIP- where was I going with this?

Oh that's right...Amada - the restaurant with the Andaulsian tapas. The giddy, surreal, yearning I had as a teenager longing for an Andalusian horse of her own was finally satiated by dining at Amada.

The bacon wrapped dates induced fits of ecstasy, and are worthy for royal tongues. They're figgy, with a hint of bacon richness. The ground almonds offer a musky-sweet undertone while providing a subtle crunch.

The crab-stuffed peppers were as exciting as rallied up crowds make bull-fighting appear to be (...eh). The colorful cannons of mild red bell peppers offer the perfect conduit for blasting moist crab meat into your mouth.

The Lemon Torta with its bilberry jam and bilberry swirl confit was cleansing, slightly sour and surprisingly succulent. The slightly lemony essence of the confit and ice cream base accentuated the berry tartness of the billberries.
I kind of have a love/hate relationship with Amada.  My wife loves going there, but I'm always a bit hesitant to go.  I have to say my favorite item is the Sangria.  I can drink that stuff all night long.  As far as the small plates go, The portions are truly tiny.  I usually end up in one of two situations: 1) We don't order enough food, 2) we order way too much food.  There can also be a little sticker shock at the end of the meal, especially if you're still hungry, as the prices are pretty high for what you get.  The food is average, and I get the feeling that the place is continuing to be pretty busy because of its reputation.  Service was average, food average, atmosphere average.  I guess I don't get what all the hype is about.  As the place is completely average, I find it hard to recommend going or not.  Maybe a good one time date spot, just for the experience? Sorry, I feel like my review is as lukewarm as my experiences there have been...
I have been wanting to try this place since it opened but had never made it. I managed to snag a reservation during restaurant week. (I made it months in advance!) I figured this would be a great opportunity to try it out without spending tons of money although I was leary as some restaurants don't pull out all the stops for the lower priced deal during restaurant week.

I went with a group of 6 people and we got the table right in the front on top of the river rocks. Very cool spot! We ordered just about everything that was on the restaurant week menu and pitchers of their red sangria which is spicy and sweet and just delish!

Everything was honestly fantastic! Some of my favorite dishes included the manchego with lavender honey, chorizo a la plancha (prob my fav thing I had) and the shortrib flatbread.

The dessert was so-so. I had the manchego mousse and I think it had been sitting awhile before it came out because the sorbet was almost completely melted. I would skip dessert and spend the money on more plates during dinner.

I cannot wait to make another trip back here!
Top three reasons I'm glad I'm not a vegetarian:
(1) Amada's Costillas De Ternera Coca
(2) Amada's Costillas De Ternera Coca and, you guessed it
(3) Amada's COSTILLAS DE TERNERA COCA

...also known as the impeccable unification of crispy flatbread topped with thinly sliced beef shortrib, shredded horseradish, parmesan and bacon. Seriously, just tryyyy it.

Other meal highlights included:
(1) The aged manchego appetizer accompanied by truffled lavender honey. I repeat: TRUFFLED.LAVENDER.HONEY (the emPHAsis is extremely necessary).
(2) The asparagus/poached egg/mahon crisp/truffle dish. O-face.
(3) The chocolate-hazelnut-caramel flourless cake. It's like a whole jar of nutella hopped into your mouth and exploded (in an utterly realistic and delicious way, of course).

Areas for improvement:
(1) The seasonal wild mushrooms. I don't know what it was but...this dish just wasn't spectacular (which I came to expect and demand after my first three plates, naturally).
(2) The serrano ham and melon - while I appreciate the unique flavor and lovely presentation, it was excessively sweet for my enjoyment.
(3) THE LACK OF SPACE. Squeezing out to use the restroom involved far too many bending/sliding/shuffling motions for this fancy of an establishment.
As you can see, I previously gave Amada a 5 star review, and I kept coming back time and time again with delight. Unfortunately, this weekend I saw a different side of the restaurant. Nearly everything has gone up in price, and the portion sizes went way down. We ordered 10 dishes for the table, and more than half of them were tiny and skimping on the ingredients. For example, the clams and chorizo dish is $12, and it came out in a tiny dish with some broth, 3 or 4 miniscule clams, about 5 or 6 completely empty clam shells, and 2 small slivers of chorizo. We didn't know what to do with this dish or how to eat it as a group of four people. 

The spicy potatoes used to be a larger bowl that could be shared. Now it is just two or three small slices of potato spread out on a plate. The octopus ($13) was 5 or 6 tiny slivers of octopus with 2 or 3 slivers of potatoes. The meal came out to be nearly $300 total for 4 people with drinks, so we were hoping for more, especially since we are regulars who have been coming to the restaurant for years.

They used to have a $55 tasting menu that would leave you completely stuffed. That menu is now $65. I understand that you have to raise prices in a world where costs are climbing. However, the portion sizes have become so extremely small that I feel completely ripped off after this meal.
Amada is a great place for non-picky eaters. I had trouble selecting from the menu because I didn't know what many things were. Good thing that they have the option to let the chef decide for you! For $45 a head you get about 10 plates of various foods. It also comes with a bit of history. Our waiter, Johnny, explained to us what time of day the people of Spain would normally have the meal we were having. 

Although I don't know the exact names of all the dishes, here is what I could remember:
 You start off with a seasoned cracker and a tuna dip (delicious!)

These are in no particular order:
Spanish Olives in wine (delicious!)
Carpaccio (its kinda like pepperoni)
Lima Bean Salad
Scallops on a stick (very good)
Lamb meat balls
Mini Cucumbers with mustard for dipping
Garlic Shrimp flat bread
Empanadillas - Artichoke and Spinach (delicious!)
Bread with fig and bleu cheese on the side
Madre e Hijo - Chicken breast with a fried egg on top (Delicious!)

And you cant forget the free almond cookie in the end (we couldn't fit dessert)

The restaurant was rather loud. There was music playing in the background but you could barely hear it. The service was very fast. I felt like they were watching constantly for a clear plate so they could take it away. I was impressed because they give you new clean plates for the main course. The tables are very close together (its a small place). We spent almost 2 hours at the restaurant but it didn't feel like it since we were never waiting for more than 5 minutes. There was convenient valet parking out front. 

I'll definitely be back to try the Lamb Chops.
Hands down, one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia.  I recommend you splurge and go for the chef's tasting menu.  This place is especially great for special occasions and New Year's Eve.  The chef's tasting menu on NYE is more expensive and more decadent - and totally worth it.  Get your reservation at least a couple months in advance though.
So overated.  Really is.  Goto an Amis or Fork before here.  Reservation's at 10pm after Zane Lampry comedy show.  Walk in with a back pack and get a real nasty look from the Hostess.  Give me a break we are in Phila and this is not near fine dining.  Have drinks at bar and the bartender was very nice and helpful other then that forget it.  Tapas was ok but had alot better.

Do yourself a favor and goto somewhere where you are eating the food and not the name of the owner.  Hoping Mr Garcia's other restaurants are a little better and alot more friendlier.
One of the BEST restaurants in the city!! Jose Garces never disappoints. 

 This was my third time at Amada and first time going for restaurant week.  Since the menu offers so many great tapas, the restaurant week choices were a great way to experience all that Amada has to offer without keeping you away from the real gems on the menu like most restaurants do.  Many favorites were available to pick from.


What was on the menu?  Well - a lot actually- dining with a total of 5 girls, we had a lot to taste from. Each person will dine for $35 and chose 2 starters, 2 entrees, and a dessert.  

Here's what I got:
-Garlic dulce de leche with Aged Cheese (served with bread and apple slices)- Garlicy and sweet spread was thick and complimented the sharpness of the cheese and bitterness of the apple. A great start to the meal. 
-Escalivada (Roasted Vegetables & Goat Cheese Toast) - the (4) veggies (grilled to perfection and almost pureed in olive oil) roasted peppers , eggplant, cipollini onions, and confit tomatoes- served with toast with goat cheese spread. 
-Grilled Scallops
-Costillas de Ternera Coca (Beef Shortrib Flatbread with Horseradish, Parmesan & Bacon)
-Crema Catalana (Spanish custard, pistachio and pumpkin semifreddo, cranberry)- very delicate and perfect for the winter. even though served cold the pumpkin and cranberry with the custard was warming and seasonally spicy. 

Here's what I also tried:
Aged Manchego Cheese - served with truffle lavender honey- this was to DIE FOR!
Ham Croquettes - *I'm not usually a fan of ham, but this was phenomenal and a must get* - the ham was blended well with a warm cheesey filling. amazing.
Garlic shrimp- with buttery toasted bread slices -amazing.
Madre e hijo (chicken breast with truffles & fried egg) - one of the best things on the menu, the chicken was cooked perfectly and i wish i ordered this as my entree!! 
Habas a la Catalana (Warm Lima Bean Salad) 
Arroz con leche (rice pudding, figs and pine nuts).

Additional Pros: 
Great service. 
Knowledgeable staff. 

Cons:
(just being nitpicky, but if i had to 'con' something)
Wine list on the pricey side.
Tables near the window when its 18 degrees outside= bring a jacket. 

If you've been waiting to try Amada- make it happen. I'd give this place 6 stars if I could.
Beautiful food.

I am a sucker for tapas. Amada's cuisine is earthy, whimsical, and comforting. 

Here's what we had:
Tortilla Española - thank god this isn't any bigger, the dense potatoes could easily overwhelm. Great aioli. 
Albondigas - lamb meatballs, my boyfriend liked them more than me, I was happy to eat the peas in the yummy sauce. 
Ensalada De Jamón - this was my favorite dish. I could eat it for breakfast, lunch and dinner. A perfectly dressed salad with serrano ham, cabrales, almonds and chewy figs. What could be better?
Alcachofas a La Parmesan - I love artichokes. I hate dishes say they have artichokes in them and they really have those canned little nasties instead. This dish has real, fresh globe artichokes. 
Sangria - perfect.
Pastel De Calabaza - came with bay leaf ice cream and what we think was citrus snot. Loved it.

Your server will recommend 3-4 dishes per person, but that is a lot of food. We started with 4 between us and it was enough. 

Great service, cozy atmosphere. We spent less than $100 for two people. 

Reserve a month ahead.
As close to Barcelona as I've been in the states. The jamon iberico was fabulous although I was a bit disappointed they don't have pan con tomate to go with it. All of the vegetarian tapas were excellent (pimientos de padron, setas, calcots, garbanzos con espinicas, as were items a la plancha. Would skip the paella though, too salty which overpowered the saffron.The torilla espanola was quite good as well. The space is warm and inviting, the open kitchen entertaining. I think it is considerably more affordable to order a la carte than off a tasting menu
It was a chilly night in Philadelphia, and my fiance and I were looking for a new food experience. Amada came highly recommended, and we thought we'll give it a shot even though we fully expected it to be snooty and overpriced.. but boy were we WRONG!

Walked in the door to a warm, inviting, lively atmosphere. The host told us it'd be about 30 minutes for a table but we were welcome to wait at the bar area, and took our coats. Two of the bar seats quickly became available and we sat down and ordered the famous Amada sangria. I ordered the Blanco, which was a crisp white wine with granny smith apples, green pears and oranges, my partner in crime opted for the Temporada, a white as well, with stewed or canned peaches, ginger brandy and mint. We both took one sip of the drink, put the glass down and gave each other that recognizable but rare look of astonishment of how absolutely amazing what we were tasting was! 

About halfway into the drink, the hostess came to get us to say there was a table available at the back bar which only had 6 seats, but higher bar stools for easier eating, so we decided to move to the back bar which had a quieter, sexier more intimate vibe..  We had already ordered the "Mixto" Charcuterie, but it was swiftly re directed to the back by the hostess. The charcuterie met all my expectations and then some. The olive oil it came with to dip bread in was top notch!

We ordered the following over the course of the night:  
Smoked Trout with garbanzo been puree and Lemon cream fraiche -  there was nothing boring about this dish. The textures melded together in an unexpected but wonderful way. The lemon cream fraiche  was fragrant, the bean puree was smooth and the smoked trout flaky. 

Albondigas (Lamb Meatballs & Shaved Manchego with black truffles). This was one of the best things I have ever consumed in my life. If you love rich creamy fragrant delectable sauces and lamb, GET THIS, you wont regret it.

We ordered the Garlic Shrimp next as the lady seated a couple seats away was exclaiming quite orgasmically, and not just once... about how amazing these shrimp were. One bite and I knew why she might have had such a reaction, they were succulent, perfectly cooked, don't think i have had better shrimp. 

I tried a bit of my fiance's chocolate dessert, but I was just so enamoured by the sangria, that i decided to get another glass not knowing when I'd be able to return to this gem of a restaurant next. 

If I could, I'd give this restaurant 6 out of 5 stars. Absolutely everything was perfect, and I'm looking forward to my next trip to Philadelphia months in advance because of it (Who'da thought?)
Beware of food poisoning at this restaurant!

My husband and I came for dinner on March 4 and ate at a high-top in the bar. The food was very good but within a few hours we both got identical, horrible food poisoning that kept us up all night, and we were both dehydrated and exhausted the next 24 hours.

Two days later, when I was feeling well enough, I wrote Amada a respectful message telling them what happened and listing what we ate, in case they were trying to track down other instances. That message was ignored for two weeks. I sent the message again (using the Garces Group website, as before), and that's been ignored for more than a week also.

I understand that this can occasionally happen in a kitchen, but the complete lack of response or concern from Amada suggests they aren't especially interested in taking any steps to reduce further occurrences. Enjoy the food but eat at your own risk.
Just fabulous.  The scene, the food, the service, the drinks, and the decor are wonderful.  Be prepared to spend quite a bit if you want to taste a little bit of everything and want to drink too.  You might need to order several caraffes of sangria because they are so effing delicious.

I was there not too long ago and our bill came to about $300 (with tax and tip) for just three of us.  For Tapas!  Jeez.
Amada is easily one of my favorite restaurants in Philly.  I try to order different tapas every time I go and so far everything I've ordered has been on point.  If you're looking for more of an entree to fill you up in a way that tapas can't (not without breaking your wallet at least), their paella is good, although they no longer have the squid ink paella, which I loved.  The Chuletta for two is wonderful as well.  I've tried the roasted suckling pig and I'm almost sad to say that it was not that great.  The presentation, side dishes and price for 4 people is all very good....even the crispy skin.  However, the actual meat is bland, but tender.  

The decor of Amada is.....sexy.  The simpliciy mixed with warmth and elegance is very inviting.  Just watch out for the candle lined hallway to the bathroom after too many sangrias.  That big metal pig in the entrance....that's Jamon.  

And fyi, on Aug.17, 2008 on Iron Chef, Jose Garces (of Amada, Tinto and Distrito) will be battling Bobby Flay.  The week after this airs, those 3 restaurants will offer Garces' dishes from the episode.
We came here on a Saturday night. When we entered, there is a big pig in the doorway. Foreshadowing?! 
The place was full but still felt intimate since our table was in the back. Music is very nice at the end of the evening when you can hear it. Low flattering lighting. 
The waiter suggested three plates per person but we over ordered. We requested the food be paced and he did it well. 
The Rioja wine we ordered was amazing and will haunt me for a long time. 
They started with a complimentary plate of chips and a tuna garlic olio. It was good and I would use the chips later with their dishes.  We ordered (not in order): 

1. Mixed cheese plate (w/Fresh queso de carba w/ balsamic strawberries, manchego w/ truffles lavender honey, & one other delicious cheese).  Mixed cheeses were awesome. Bread could have been toasted. I thought my friend was going to drink the lavender honey it was so good!

2. Jambon Iberica. Delicious. Could have made a meal of this. 

3. lamb chops. Ordered medium rare and they came out perfect. I wanted 10 more!

4. Octopus. Good. But other dishes outshined it. Octopus cooked perfectly but a little salty. 

5. Wagyu sirloin. Ordered medium rare and it came out overdone. Big disappointment. They took it back. We did not eat it. 

6. Scallops. Scallops delicious- but served flattened. Interesting

7. Dates. OMG didn't see this coming! Perfect blend of salty and sweet. Perfectly crispy and carmelized. Served with a blue cheese, these were nothing near the ordinary party appetizer you know. Wow. Would get this again. 

8. Cauliflower. Forgettable. Wouldn't waste precious stomach room next time. 

9. Clams and chorizo. The clams were cooked perfectly and spicy. The chorizo pieces were delicious as well. 

Would come back here again for sure!!!
For a city known for its culinary heights Amada really stands out from the crowd. Even though I had been to Morimoto's for dinner the night before, then Le Beq Fin for lunch, Amada's was able to blow my pampered stomach away. Those two really couldn't compare. Not the same league, really. While the decor is subdued the ambiance is electric. The waitstaff was super friendly and helpful with tapas suggestions, and I've never sat in more comfortable bar stools in my LIFE. The cheese plate accompanied by homemade jams was a favorite. We ordered the stinkiest cheeses available and their accompaniments were superb. Their special sangria's were also outstanding.  I'd be back here in a heartbeat.
I'll keep it short and sweet- Amada is one of the best restaurants in Philly. I've been to Spain and Amada is as good as it gets, in my opinion. Almost everything you order here is made to perfection in taste. Service is always on mark. Never any complaints. 

Three of my favorite tapas::

1) Crab-stuffed Peppers- will melt in your mouth and have you salivating for more.
2) Spanish octopus- perfect seasoning and delicious texture.
3) Grilled scallops- Divine.

Make sure you make reservations in advance.
Amada was only A-OK in my book. Granted, I lived in Spain for a short amount of time so the expectation of this visit was to recreate that beautiful experience. I have to say though, Amada fell flat. The concept behind Spanish tapas is one I can get behind because I love sharing. However when the tapas are soooo painfully small, no I do not like to share! The patatas bravas, one of the best things we ate, were one of the smallest plates, so if you like them, get order than one! I was much less impressed with the croquetas, which instead of a filling of a potato pillow tasted more like an oozy cheese stick with ham. We were similarly unimpressed with the lobster, which for one pound was awful small and lacked anything special to it. I would also pass on the Albondigas (lamb meatballs). These were incredibly lackluster. Additionally, pass on the Pimentos de Padron (flash fried peppers). We expected greatness because they were recommended by the waiter but were too oily to enjoy. They also lacked any taste whatsoever and begged for some citrus to liven them up. I can recommend the scallops, which were so soft and fresh they honestly tasted like candy. I also had a couple glasses of a really smooth Temparanillo (unfortunately I do not know what). The back dining room is a nice place for an intimate date. Some people thought this would be a good place for kids (why) and they were sort of loud. 

After a bill of almost $200, I would not come back. I would rather pocket that money for a trip back to Espana.
I mean. What can I possibly write about this place that hasn't already been written? 

Just pretend that I recapped everything everyone in the previous 241 reviews has already gushed about. Now, a few personal highlights from the evening: 
1. Lavender tequila martini?!! Are you freaking serious? Oh, delicious beverage, you are the kid who ruined the curve for the entire class. How do you overachieve with such vigor?
2. Garlic dulce de leche. My feeble little brain can't even understand why this is so delicious, but DO NOT HESITATE. It's amazing. 
3. The ensalada verde dish wound up being the favorite dish of half of our table. Generally, I wouldn't go for a salad at a tapas restaurant, but with three other people eating, we had so many dishes, I decided to to try it. Do not pass go. Do not collect $200. Eat the shit out of this salad. I don't even know how they cram magic into vegetables. Maybe it's a special type of hydroponics? Who cares. It's amazingamazingamazing.
Oh wow.  It has been three days since I ate here, and I can't stop thinking about it. 

The food - in one word - phenomenal.  We had the Ham Croquettes, Mixto (which was a selection of three cheeses and their accompanying sauces) and the Roasted Pork with white beans, arugula and oranges, which was so tender, no chewing was necessary, it melted in your mouth.  I had the white sangria to drink, delish.

We sat at the back bar and the bartender was almost our exclusive waiter.  He was outstanding with his service as well as his suggestions.  

Go, it's worth the wait!
When Amada first opened, my husband made a reservation for Valentine's Day.  We show up and... oops, they didn't have a record of our reservation.  The hostess treated us like we were criminals trying to sneak in.  She told us we could put our names down and wait at the bar, all the while acting like she was doing us a big favor.  Meanwhile we saw several couples go up and ask about their reserved tables, with increasing levels of exasperation.  ("My reservation was a half hour/ an hour ago" was a common complaint.)  Obviously we didn't hang around that sorry scene too long.  Since all the other local restaurants were booked solid (duh, it's Valentine's Day) we ended up at a local pub instead.  It was still a great evening, but no thanks to Amada.
I've eaten at Amada several times, and it pains me to give it 4 stars. I wish, just once, that Yelp had a split rating system: one for food and another for service. If that were the case, I'd give Amada a 5 for food and a 3 or 4 for service. Here's why.

(I'll admit that my last experience colors what I'm going to say.) I got an early reservation -- 5:45 -- because my client wanted to have an early dinner. We took the $65 prix fixe Chef's Tasting Menu. After only a few minutes after ordering, we had four dishes on our table. As we were eating those, two more courses came. Less than 30 minutes after ordering, all but the last 3 courses were delivered to our table. One of my dining companions got too full, and couldn't eat the main items -- lamb chop, flank steak, gambas.

In total, we got 11 courses of the most expensive chef's menu delivered to us in 50 minutes. Seriously. It should have been two hours. I wondered if they were worried and wanted to turn the table for a 7Pm reservation...it seemed nuts. I mean, I have never been rushed that much for a premium dinner before. 

I'm going to keep going back. I've had some 5-star meals there, but the last time was really disappointing from a service standpoint. 

I didn't talk about the food. It was exquisite. Outstanding. Next time, I'm going to take the time to enjoy it and tell them to slow down. It's that simple.
Amada has been thoroughly reviewed, so we'll try to be laconic. From the wisdom gleaned from prior reviews of fellow yelpers, our table was ornamented with: Crispy Flatbread and Tuna spread - The free appetizer was our favorite dish -- how ironic. 

Serrano Ham - Thin sliced ham, not too salty on chewy bread. I think we made 6 "sandwiches" with 2 slices of meat per tapa. Our second favorite dish.

Garlic Shrimp - One of three "signature tapas." One reviewer said it best: shrimp scampi on crackers. Decent, but will not repeat. 8 large shrimps, 4 crispy bread slices. Hard to balance 2 shrimp on the bread, so ended up eating 4 solo.

Spicy Potatoes - Presentation, awesome. Price, good $5. Taste...well...like old bay, orange mayo and tater tots. A bit salty for our taste buds.

Pato Con Datiles - This dish is reminiscent of pizza with bbq sauce [a heaping pile of it] concentrated in the center of the slice. Crispy on the outside and soggy in the middle. Crispy is good, soggy is questionable.

Sangria Blanco - Although we can appreciate the rave reviews of the Blano, alas, we prefer the red. Bon sante!

ALERT: BANANA TORRIJAS NOT ON MENU - We chose this place because my friend likes desserts. I asked our wonderful server why this tragedy? He penitential replied, "They like to change things up a bit." Oh, the horror. After reading 4 promising reviews, we are rendered only to imagine the decadence. Come on Garces Restaurant Group, bring it back! 

Torta De Chocolate - Angel wings-like crystallized caramel shape, fried chocolate, and hazelnut ice cream. The crystallized caramel was our favorite. The rest was a bit rich and not enough sweet. Small portion, beautiful presentation.

Complimentary almond cookie - After two nibbles, we had no more room left. Total cost: $65. Not bad for the sheer quantity of food. Presentation, check. Taste, -1 star. I'm still not over the fact that the best tasting dish was the free appetizer.
I had very high expectations coming here. From the pictures, decor and of course all the reviews. I ended up coming in here on a Saturday night and was told that the menu was only the restaurant week menu. You couldn't even order something a la carte. I'll explain further:

Place - beautiful place ! I love the decor inside and outside. Once you walk in, you'll be greeted by the hosts who seem to always be on post ready to help. We ended up sitting at a high top table which was normal to me. Wish I could've experienced a regular dinner menu with a booth seating though. 

Service - lacking! I ordered a drink and it took me reminding the waiter a total of 2-3 times what I ordered before it was served. They didn't know how to take away empty plates or even set the plates of food on the table for us. I had to move everything so they can fit things etc. you know what I'm talking about, it's frustrating because it's supposed to be their job?. Train the employees on this please. 

Food - it's a tapas spot. None of the dishes were a stand out to me. Maybe because it was restaurant week that I'm assuming that they have everything cooked for the masses. It's not that it was edible but I was expecting more. The patatas bravas were small blocks of potatoes that were overly spiced. Not good. The only thing that was decent was the arroz temporado which consists of wild mushroom rice, English peas, black truffle (more like truffle oil) and manchego. 

Bad first experience but I am willing to give it another try with the regular menu.
You can not go wrong with Amada. My last visit here was for a baby shower which was held in a private room. Beautifully natural decor and friendly accommodating staff. They were serving small plates enough for each table. One of the ladies at my table is a vegetarian so they served us vegetarian dishes as well as meat dishes. Everything was delicious. I really mean it...there was not one small plate I didn't care for. Such a beautiful day made even more wonderful by wonderful food & service!
My family and I have had the pleasure to visit Spain and experience tapas style dining, so we were excited to learn about Amada.  My husband and I loved the first experience with Amada during Philadelphia Restaurant Week and couldn't wait to go back!  So, we took the family back for my birthday dinner only to be really disappointed.  After having to change our seating, which was no fault of Amada, we were taken to the back of the restaurant which was dark and uninviting.  We decided to order many of the same tapas dishes that we experienced on our first visit.  Garlic shrimp and lamb meatballs were excellent, from there it all went down hill.  Short rib flatbread was just okay...kind of boring, little fried potatoes...so plain, but the biggest disappointment was the hanger steak.  We had this on our first visit and it was mouth watering tender and tasty.   This time it came out cold with so many chunks of fat that it was truly inedible, not to mention, unable to cut.    We sent it back and another was ordered.  It was also cold and so tough that we left it.  We told the waiter, who in turn, had the manager come over to discuss.  They apologized and took it off our bill.  After this, the waiter suddenly had an attitude toward us and became distant and unable to find.  So my question is, does Amada, along with other restaurants who participate in Restaurant Week, put their best foot forward during Restaurant Week intending to win customers, and then turn it off when the week is over?  I can't help but wonder.  Oh well, we do not intend on visiting Amada again.
fantastic..

walked in on a saturday night with no reservations. a short 40 minute wait at the bar with a wonderful selection of wine, beer, and cocktails almost didn't make me want to leave to get our table.

tried the chef's tasting menu w/ wine pairing and every dish was absolutely amazing and cooked to perfection. there were three levels of the tasting menu to choose from, we took the waitresses recommended of middle ground (not TOO exotic) and were extremely pleased with the selections.

highly recommend the chef's tasting menu if you go.
Came here to celebrate my birthday. Sadly my pictures didn't come out however peruse the great pics on Yelp and you will get a gist  of how great the food and presentation is. Tapas has always been a favorite meal for me. They take me back to Spain where the tapas are delectable and delicious.
Amada has 2 rooms: the first, upon entering, has a buzzy and fun vibe. It was busy and packed thus we were seated in the second room which was quieter.
The menu has a variety of dishes to choose from: traditional tapas like croquetas de jamon( delicious)
Grilled specialties ( a la plancha) such has brochettes ( chicken, skirt steak) and the delicious flatbreads ( skirt steak with bacon or what I chose which was the chorizo with cheese and garbanzo beans to die for!) the Fideos con Marescado comes with pasta, clams and scallop sitting in a sweet cream sauce also to die for! There is also a Suckling Pig course that must be ordered in advance and the great Paella Valencia.
We shared the bacon wrapped dates with almonds and the Aged Manchego with lavender honey and green apples.
The restaurant gives you a complimentary toasted flatbread with tuna.
We accompanied these delicious plates with a pitcher of white sangria. Who would think you could get stuffed with small plates of tapas? Yes you can! Thus we were too stuffed to enjoy the desserts: creme Catalan or olive oil cake. Next time for sure.
This is an amazing dining experience that must be tried when in Philly. I believe Amada resides in NYC in the Wall Street area. 
if you want a taste of Spain, Amada is the place!
Act II, Scene 3.
(Setting: Brad's apartment.  BUDDAKAN is sitting in the dark at a desk stage right.  The clock reads 1:35AM.  BRAD enters.)

BUDDAKAN - Where were you tonight?(Turns on light)
BRAD - Hey.  I thought you were in AC this weekend.  What are-
BUDDAKAN - Where the hell were you?!  If I have to ask again then I'm leaving.
BRAD - Jake and I went to the pool hall.
BUDDAKAN - I spoke to Jake's wife an hour ago.  He's in Seattle you goddamned liar! 
BRAD - Oh dammit.  (Aside)I didn't want to say anything.  I didn't want to say I was at Amada.  I didn't want to say that the piquillos rellenos(crab-stuffed peppers) were prepared to perfection and tasted exactly like you'd imagine something to taste if it was made with an ancient technique, guarded by the lives of its keepers through the generations.
BUDDAKAN - Hey, ok. I came on a little strong.
BRAD - (Aside)I didn't want to say that the garlic shrimp was probably the best shrimp I've ever tasted.
BUDDAKAN - Look, I'm sorry that I yelled but I want an answer.
BRAD - (Aside) Amada had spanish flatbread with artichoke, wild mushroom, black truffles, and manchego.  It tastes better than it sounds like it should.  Their rabbit sausage was unique and I'm now in love with Sheep Cheese Cavatelli, which I'd never had before.  It was...I can't hide it anymore.
BUDDAKAN - Brad?
BRAD - Fine.  I was at Amada.
BUDDAKAN - Oh God!  What did you have?!
BRAD -Atun w/ potato salad/black olive puree and calamari.
BUDDAKAN - How was it?
BRAD - The potato salad and calamari didn't blow me away.
BUDDAKAN - Was the tuna good?
BRAD - Extremely.(BUDDAKAN begins to cry).  Hey its ok.  You can't be the only one for my extravagant dinners and special events.
BUDDAKAN- But Amada is Tapas!  You always make crude jokes about Tapas places because you're a big guy and need food and-
BRAD - Yes...I know, but this time it was worth the absurd price.  I was actually happy with the wide variety of flavors I was able to try.
BUDDAKAN - (wiping tears from her eyes)You'll come back to me won't you?  I'll do better next time.  Those Jose Garces places keep trying to steal you away, but you're still mine right?
BRAD - Of course(They embrace).

Exeunt.

(The clock now reads 3:04.  BRAD enters in bathrobe and pours himself a glass of water from the sink.)

BRAD- I lied.  She knew I was lying, but didn't care.  I love both Amada and Buddakan and both of them understand that I need diversity.  Variety is the spice of life that helps me forget, even for just a little while, that I will one day become dust.

(End Scene.)
Best tapas I've EVER had. Period.

This was actually one of my favorite meals for the entire month I was in Philly. I stopped in with my husband and a girlfriend, without a reservation, and we were offered a table on the patio. Worked out great since we were a tad underdressed and it was gorgeous out. We ordered the mixto of three cheeses, the crab-stuffed peppers, the albondigas, the garbanzo beans, the scallops, and the flatbread with artichokes, mushrooms, black truffles, and manchego. I will say that everything was amazing, but highlights include the manchego with lavender honey (my new obsession), the crab-stuffed peppers, and that flatbread. We were all so amazed by it all. For dessert, we ordered the cheesecake with black currant and meyer lemon sorbet. Also delicious and a perfect sweet treat that was not too heavy.

Service was excellent and the meal was actually not too expensive either. I'm considering downgrading my reviews for all tapas places I've been to because of this place. Who knew tapas could be THAT good? Shit just got real.

Can't wait to come back. Lobster paella has caught my eye...
I ain't afraid of a little snow!!!

So, taking advantage of the snowstorm the day after Xmas, I called Amada to see if there had been any weather cancellations.  Lo and behold a 5:45 had opened up!  

Boots, mittens, scarf, hat, jacket......a short, snowy walk to the PATCO (yes, I had to slog in from Jersey) and a few snowy blocks to walk, and there we were at Amada, where our sodden coats were whisked away, and we were seated at a table for two with really only one or two other tables seated in the entire restaurant...the weather really WAS pretty shitty... but, who cares about the weather, we just care about the food, right?!!

So, in giddy anticipation of the explosions of flavor I have read so much about, we ordered a $68 bottle of wine (the waitress kindly let us try two different wines before we decided) and WELL WORTH IT!!!!  Every drop of that bottle was enjoyed with our amazing food.  Octopus, lamb meatballs, truffle flatbread, and stuffed peppers ohhhhhhhhhhhh happiness in my mouth!

The food was simply divine, so many amazing flavors, excellent service, and a beautiful bottle of wine made this one of the best meals I have had in the past year.  Our server was fantastic, offered excellent suggestions, and made us feel like we were the only two people in the whole restaurant....wait....we almost were!

However, I was less than impressed, dare I say "underwhelmed" with the dessert.  Warm brown butter cake with homemade ice cream.....the cake was blah, it was served cold (i was hoping for oooey goooey hot cake with carmel sauce or something like that) ....

So I'll just forget about the dessert and go back to ranting and raving about the lamb meatballs...

they
were
SO
GOOD!!!!
I can confidently say that now I can die happy. I had the most amazing dinner in the whole wide world ever and ever and ever. Seriously, in my 21 years of life I have eaten quite a bit, but never have I enjoyed a meal as much as I did tonight. The charming server was informative and made the experience so enjoyable. We had the chef's choice sampler (the mid range one) with the wine pairing, and it was simply to die for. The food just kept on coming, and once we thought it was over, MORE FOOD CAME! Tapas is so much fun to begin with and the people sitting at the table next to us were more than happy to recommend the dishes they were eating. I loved the ambiance, the staff and the food (duh!). I would come back here in a heart beat, no question.
what a shame- wine was excellent as well as the bar service.
Food would have been delicious if it wasn't incredibly salty.
Might as well have been licking a salt block.
we found this gem of a restaurant on a stroll around old city on a very hot day. after a very disappointing meal at the midtown continental the nite before i felt fat and gross and all i wanted was some light, healthy food and a glass of cold sangria to restart my system.

amada was the answer to my foodie prayers. we shared the ensalada verde, an amazing combination of every green veggie you can think of in a light and crisp dressing. we also had the amarillo gazpacho with avocado ice cream. holy flavor. this was possibly the best gazpacho i've had outside of spain. and the avocado ice cream was a dream, the perfect buttery counterpart to the bright, clean flavors of the tomato soup. another favorite was the machego cheese with lavender truffle honey. we also shared the warm olives. it was a simple, but perfect lunch. 

i would have loved to have had dinner here witha bigger appetite so i could sample more goodies. we watched everything come out of the kitchen and it all looked beautiful. they pay attention to detail here, the food is plated beautifully, and even the simplest dishes feel like a treat.  

the restaurant itself is beautiful. those laquered wood floors killed it for me. gorgeous. the aesthetic is a mix of old world and new, and that felt appropriate, because that's exactly what you feel in spain as well. 

our waitress was incredibly professional, attentive, and kind. it restored my faith in eating after that continental midtown meal.
My gustatory love affair with Jose Garces is well-known among my friends. Surprisingly, Amada was one of the last JG restaurants I tried. As his flagship restaurant, it is perhaps his best-known - and deservedly so. Every time I have eaten here, everything - from the food to the service - has been phenomenal. If you have the opportunity to eat here during Restaurant Week, you should absolutely do so, because it is one of the best deals in the city. 

As for the food, there is nothing on the menu that I would not recommend. Some particular highlights: 
* The Tortilla  Espanola with Saffron Aioli is delicious, although the last time I went the portion size seemed to have decreased (this may have been for Restaurant Week, and the portion was still plenty and I still left stuffed!
* The shortrib flatbread (Costillas de Ternera) is INCREDIBLE. Seriously, if you were going to order one thing from the menu, it should be this. The meat is rich and delicious and all of the flavors blend together perfectly. 
* Escalivada: This is listed under 'vegetables' but it is a perfect starter course. It is wonderfully rich and flavorful. When I went with my brother for RW, we wished we had both ordered it so we didn't have to share. 
* Esparragos con Trufas: Warm asparagus with poached egg and truffles. What is not to love !? 
* Entrecote a la Catalana: I was not sure how goat cheese would go with steak. The answer? INCREDIBLE. I also love the Catalan spinach, which has a lovely sweet/sour flavor and contrasts nicely with the goat cheese. This is my favorite "entree" plate. 

I have seen a lot of people recommend the patatas bravas, the pulpo (octopus), and the pernil asado. While I enjoyed all of these, if you are stuck deciding between these and other options, they are the ones that I would skip. It is not that they are not delicious, I just have not found them to be the highlights of the menu. 

They recommend that you order 3-4 plates per guest - I've generally stuck to this, and always left very comfortably full (OK, sometimes a little uncomfortably full, but it was worth it). If you are a light eater, it is probably best to order fewer plates and add them if you find that you have room. Make sure you save room for dessert! 

I'm sure I'll be back to update this review, because I cannot wait to find 3 friends to try the whole suckling pig. Now THAT sounds like a culinary adventure!
I stopped by for a solo lunch during the 2018 restaurant week. Amada does not disappoint! I bumped up my review to five stars for the consistency that I've experienced here based on my visits.

This time, I started with aged manchego cheese, followed by my favorite roasted cauliflower and the generous-sized herb roasted turkey sandwich. Finally, I finished my lunch with a milhojas and a cup of Americano (yep, the caffeine that I need for the afternoon). Perfect!
Never Coming Back!  We were there last night, April 1st, around 5:30
I have been to Amada in the past, and was relatively pleased. I had bought my GF a Garces Gift Card for Christmas, and I wanted her to try tapas here. We opted for the Happy Hour, which features $5 tapas and drink specials. 
After seating us, we were informed that the Happy Hour specials were only for the bar, so we had to move. Guess I didn't see the fine print.  Anyway, that wasn't too much of an inconvenience. We ordered drinks and some tapas- 5 in all. The ham croquettes came out promptly, and were delicious. We ordered crab stuffed peppers, and they were terrible. They were full of shell fragments- totally inedible. Chicken skewers came out and were good. But we still had two plates coming, but they never came. We waited and waited. Seeing that we would need more food, I informed the bartender that I wanted to order some more plates. He said he would come back, then never did. Angry, I decided to give up the extra plates and go elsewhere. We inquired about our other two plates that never came, and didn't really get an answer. Finally, tired of waiting, we pressed him about the other plated. He hurried up and put the order in, but we refused. We just wanted our check. 
His lousy, inattentive service ruined the meal. 
The feeling I got was that, to him, we were insignificant because we were ordering the happy hour specials and not from the regular menu. With drinks and a multitude of small plates, the tab would easily have come to over $60. 
There's too many places to eat in Philly to put up with treatment like that. I can spend my money somewhere else.
I'll probably get death threats cause I'm not huggin Jose Garces nuts this time like all of Philadelphia; and yes I'm breaking my rule of yelping after only dining once, but I have decided I should be saving more $ these days if I plan on making some plan trips in the near future, plus the recession is still rockinandrolling. About a month ago I took my pops, the legendary Chiman to dinner. He mentioned he was trying to eat lighter so instead of our usual steak dinners I brought him to Amada. 

First thing first we were raised w/ only a few simple rules at the dinner table by the Chiman: only pussies didn't finish your plate and get seconds. So why may u ask I bring my dad to tapas restaurant like Amada's... cuz I had a gift card and he said he wasn't that hungry. 

Crab stuff peppers= bangin, so were the wild mushrooms. I thought the stuff lamb was tasty, but my dad claimed the cheese overpowered the very little lamb. We got another dish that wasn't memorable enough for me to remember. Review is going pretty good so why the 3 stars? The chicken paella was pretty bad. First off ,no la soccarat, come on Jose for 40 bucks a pop u can't skip out on the best part. Secondly, it was way over salted, I felt like I was eaten rice shaped salt. Thirdly (if that's a word), my pops kept on say "in ironbound in Newark u can get thees mus cheaaper." Fourthly ( still not sure if a word) I had to eat the whole platter since if u remember Chiman's #1 dinner rule: only pussies didn't finish their plates. Fifthly, I think chicken paella in Jose Garcia's language means ex lax cause I had one way ticket on the porcelain train for a bit and my pops was ok. In all fairness chicken was cooked very well....
Amada is a very nice restaurant. Service is prompt, decor is nice, and food is very good for the most part. 

Favorite dishes tried - spicy paprika octopus, braised short rib flatbread, jamon croquettes. The octopus was cooked perfectly and had great flavor. The short rib was so tender, and was perfect with the bacon and parm on the flatbread. The croquettes were addicting, not sure how else to describe them.

The ok dishes - patatas bravas, wild mushroom rice with truffles manchego and asparagus, baked goat cheese. The bravas was pretty good but not spectacular, presentation was nice. The mushroom rice fell flat on flavor (how?), and the baked goat cheese is best described as lasagna dip. While all were good, none stood out really and I wouldn't order them again.

I love tapas. Would definitely come back to try more
After two visits, I have to admit that I don't quite understand what all the fuss is about.

Our recent evening at Amada started off promisingly -- on Carrie E.'s recommendation, I had the white sangria (quince, pear and rosemary).  Loved it.  More please!  However, I had to stand around with my sangria in hand in the crowded bar before a table finally freed up a good 15 minutes after our reservation time.

Amada has a good selection of vegetarian tapas, which I appreciate, but I don't find any of them to be particularly memorable.  Olives?  Well, yeah, they're olives.  The artichoke & wild mushroom flatbread was cute, but spendy and kind of bland.  Warm asparagus salad with poached egg?  The whole was less than the sum of its parts...and I didn't really think about how difficult it would be to share a poached egg.  The spinach empanada was super greasy and pretty small.  Loved the garrotxa cheese with garlic dulce de leche, though.  It was an inventive plate, with a generous portion of cheese, sauce, bread and sliced apples.  Dessert was again uneven - lovely banana cake with maple ice cream vs. a very basic blood orange sorbet.

The service is very attentive, and they actually served us a free item - tuna salad and crackers (I'm sure there's a fancy Spanish word for crackers but I don't know it.  Crostini?  Nah, that's Italian).  I appreciated the gesture, although I assume that's their standard we-apologize-for-the-wait plate because otherwise I don't know why they would have brought it to two people who were very clearly ordering from the vegetarian list on the menu.  

I'd rather go to Tinto (weirder than Amada in a good way) or Bar Ferdinand (hella cheaper than Amada).  I'll probably go back to have another glass of sangria and some cheese at the bar, but I'm not dying to try dinner here again.
What the sh*t???  Like seriously, what the sh*t???  Chef Garces, did you just trump my most favorite Iron Chef of all time, the master Chef Morimoto, for the best meal I've ever had?  I may have to call this one a tie.  Here's what went down:

1. Chorizo and some cheese I can't remember the name of - it was sort of like a blue cheese.  Didn't eat these together, but they were both great on their own.

2. Some complimentary (yup, free!) tuna caper dip thingy with garlic chips.  I don't do fish, but holy crap I almost licked the plate.

3. Patatas Bravas.  Little bites of potato with a spicy (chipotle?) sauce.  My first one was a little on the hard side, but the rest melted in my mouth.  VERY good.

4. Lamb meatballs with manchego cheese.  I think these were the highlight of my evening.  Again, plate must be torn out of my hands to prevent me from making a fool of myself.  (Sidenote - waitress offered to bring us extra bread for mopping up the rest of the sauce.  My kind of girl!)

5. Parmesan artichokes.  Pieces of artichoke with parmesan cheese crust.  Never had anything like this, but ooh boy they were tasty.

6. Seabass.  Again, I don't do fish so I only had a bite and don't remember too much detail about this one.  But it was a very tasty bite to be sure - maybe the best bite of fish in my limited experience.

7. Wagyu brochettes.  Little skewers with perfectly cooked wagyu beef and mushrooms in a bordelaise sauce.  Highly recommended.

8. Garbanzo beans and spinach in a tomato-y type sauce.  Sooo good but sooo full at this point.

WHEW.  Take a minute to catch your breath.  So allllllll of the above for two people including drinks (I'm talking a glass of sangria each, a bottle of wine, AND two after dinner drinks) - grand total of around 140 bones (not including tip).  I would have paid at least DOUBLE that in NY.  Or at a certain Japanese Iron Chef's restaurant up the street (sorry M - you know I still love you).

If you're a coffee lover looking for a nice after dinner drink, try the Kika.  Apparently this was just added to the menu - tastes like chilled espresso with booze added, and just a hint of sweetness.

In short, GO HERE NOW!!!!  Each dish is as good as the next.  It is worth every penny.
The wife and I hit up Amada for our 7th anniversary and it just so happened to be restaurant week. We got a sweet deal that included two apps each, two small plate entrees each, and two deserts. All for $35 each.

We started off with Cana de Cabra Cheese, which was bread, goat cheese, fig & cherry marmalade. It was pretty tasty, but nothing outrageous. Next we got Pimentos de Padron, which was flash fried peppers. This turned out to be too spicy for me, but my wife enjoyed it. Then, we got Chorizo Pamplona, which was chorizo, caperberries, with dijon. This was good, but still nothing fantastic. For our last appetizer we got Ham Croquettes, which were really good. This was the best of the four appetizers.

If we stopped here, Amada would seem like an average three star spot. But it went way uphill with the small plates. First we got Queso de Cabra, which is baked goat cheese, tomato, basil, and almonds. This was delish. I really enjoyed it. Then we got Calamari. This was pretty darn good too. For the last two dishes, my wife and I went our separate ways. She got Coca de Gambas con Garbanzos, which is flatbread with shrimp,
chorizo, and garbanzo bean purée. i got to taste this dish and it was quite good, but a distant to what I got. Now for the dish that hit a home run. I got Coca de Costillas de Ternera, which is flatbread with beef short ribs, horseradish, parmesan, and bacon. I'm just gonna say, this almost doesn't deserve to be on the same many as the rest of their items. It was so good, so juicy, so tasty, just so amazeballs. This one item made my meal.

We got a couple of deserts, nothing special, and a bit small. I'm not even going to bother going into details about these.
The food doesn't suck, but the service level does. Its the only restaurant/bar that I've ever (EVER) walked out of twice. Cool layout and design, but I wouldn't go back for a 3rd try.
Wow! I just realized I have never reviewed Amada. We have gone there many times for brunch and have enjoyed a number of tapas, particularly the mixto chacuteria y questos plate, patatas bravas, caldo gallego, habas a la catalana, and the croquetas de jamon. The food is generally excellent and very consistent. The service is always really good too and the desserts are yummy and not overwelming. A few years ago, the manager even arranged to have the chef prepare a whole suckling pig for us for lunch. How cool except that I felt like I was the pig afterwards...it's a lot of food! Anyway, where else in town can you get sparkling water from Garrotxa?
Philly is one of my favorite culinary cities, and Amada is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly.  I've had the best tapas I've eaten outside of Barcelona here.  Almost everything we ordered was delicious, but the gem of the evening was the oxtail potato croquette special.  To DIE for.

You can't go wrong with this place; it comes very highly recommended.
Amada /ah-mah-dah/ (adjective): beloved

From the get go, this establishment endears itself to its patrons with its warm hospitality, from its welcoming and friendly waiters to its softly lit ambiance to its, from the casual camaraderie exuded by other diners to the first bite of the complimentary flatbread and tuna spread replacing the typical "break bread" served at most restaurants, propelling Amada into another class of restaurant that says, "Patron, I love you." 

Garnished prose aside, this restaurant was poppin'.  Going tapas style is the way to go here, with a typical guest feeling satiated with 2-3 plates. Best is to split plates so a party of 2+ might be ideal to try many things. I came with one other person and we ordered Jamon ibérico, manchego cheese, mushroom flatbread, lamb meatballs, and the duck confit. 

The hit of the night was the lamb meatball dish. The meatballs themselves were so tender and sharp in flavor (my guess is they mixed some kind of cheese into the ground lamb blend? Otherwise I'm unsure how they achieved this flavor + creamy texture).  I also really enjoyed the mushroom flatbread (which also had a sharp cheese on top).  As for the the duck confit, it was also very tender and rich.  Last comments: The charcuterie was tasty, but I'm not sure I would pay $25 for 3-4 pieces of iberic ham again... I know import taxes and meat import regulations make iberic ham a scarcity in the US, but considering that 3-4 pieces in Spain might only cost 1-2 euro, it just feels very cost inefficient (and way beyond accounting for the import considerations).

We didn't have room for dessert, but I definitely will be back to try some (along with the other tasty looking dishes).
Overall 3.5 stars - juusst making the cut. 

I was really excited about this place, and wish I could give it more stars. I just don't think I will be hurrying back anytime soon mainly because I feel l may have exhausted all of their veggie options in one sitting. With that in mind, I do think it was still, overall, a good experience. 

To start, parking around Old City is always a headache! Plan well in advance (at least an hour) to grab a spot. I parked about 5 blocks away in 2 hour parking and had to move my car midway through the meal to avoid ticketing - such a pain! 

Once inside, it's actually quite spacious. The decor is trendy and modern, with dark hardwood, exposed piping, butcher block tables etc. Once I entered, the hostess readily lead me towards the back room where my party was being seated. 

Everything is served family style. So lots of large portions were being brought out throughout the evening, and we all grabbed at things as they were passed around. The waitress was very attentive asking for drink orders and dietary restrictions. I ordered the white sangria (pretty good!) and let her know I am a vegetarian. 

While people were arriving, there was already a cheese board available for picking - awesome sauce! It had a variety options, including a few cheeses, this scrumptious hazelnut spread, and  a truffled fig and lavender honey. I mixed the bleu cheese with the honey and made a makeshift spread of it to apply to the supplied bread. So good! It was a nice balance between the sharp cheese and the sweet honey!

Next, we were served the ensalada verde. The dish consisted of of fresh salad greens, steamed asparagus, fava beans, avocado, and green beans topped with manchego cheese. It was dressed with this raspberry vinaigrette. So good! The raspberry vinaigrette was savory and sweet and really cut the sharp taste of the cheese. 

For appetizers, I was served a dish of roasted mushrooms over truffle oil and empanadas. The mushroom dish was forgettable. It was just a little too much mushroom going on in one dish. Not a fan of mushrooms as it is so the overload definitely didn't help matters. The empanadas were a nice surprise! Consisting of spinach, artichoke, and manchego cheese over flash fried peppers. I really liked this dish! I inserted the peppers into the filling of the empanada - very filling!

For my entree I ordered one of their flatbreads. This was another good dish with repeat use of the same ingredients - artichokes, wild mushrooms, black truffles, and manchego. I thought this was pretty good, but nothing stellar. Admittedly at this point I was getting tired of the same ingredients being reused in different dishes. I did ask for some red chili flakes to increase the spice level. 

The dessert was rather anticlimactic :/...I was served a collection of caramelized fruit - whomp whomp! I think a few liberties could've been taken here and the fruit only dish was just not exactly rising to the challenge. Although enjoyable, I know I can get this at home, so was expecting something more. 

I would say the experience was decent, but nothing stellar. If they can increase their vegetarian options I may return, but not in the near future.
After countless visits, I'm fairly certain that I've tried nearly everything on the menu and worked my way through at least half of the wine list.  Although it is best to go here with a large group so you can try more dishes in one visit, don't underestimate it's value for a glass of wine and a snack after work.  Favorites are the tortilla and the cocas, but I will never leave without having the stuffed lamb chops--best thing on the menu!
