This place is awesome. I came here on a Saturday with my wife for her birthday. They had really nice outdoor seating areas so we sat outside. They only had three tables inside due to the pandemic, but I could imagine that the inside dining area would be nice in normal times. 

The service was great. The server knew the menu well and everything came out at the right pace. This place is BYOB (obviously) and they opened our wine bottle immediately. We got the crispy Brussels sprouts and octopus for appetizers. We loved the sprouts. The sauce was super delicious. The octopus was a bit tough and the sauce was just ok. 

For dinner, I got short rib ragu and my wife got the squid ink pasta. We loved our entrees. The pasta was homemade and cooked to perfection. The sauces were really good. The portions were just right. I was so full and very happy, and so was my wife. The prices were good too, especially since it is BYO! We cant wait to return.
I've been wanting to try Ambrosia for ages, since it's close to where I live and their outdoor seating is really nice. I made a reservation for a late Easter brunch for four people about two weeks in advance and specifically requested the covered outdoor seating in my reservation. Unfortunately, when we arrived, all of the little rooms were filled with no signs of anyone leaving, so we were seated at another outdoor four top. It was a beautiful day so it was fine, but our table was on a slant and there was less space than if we'd had one of the booths. The manager (owner?) was really nice and he did swing by several times to make sure we were happy. It was a busy holiday so I understand things don't always go according to plan. 

Our server was great and efficient. We had waters as soon as we sat down and all of our bottles were opened. Our group started with some shared plates: arugula salad, frisee salad, burrata and artichokes on toast. A nice start to the meal, but the mains came out before our apps were cleared so it definitely felt like we were being rushed a little bit. I had the gnocchi for my main which was tasty and filling; I brought about half home. My husband had the squid ink pasta and it was gone before I could ask for a bite! My friends seemed happy with their orders as well, and I enjoyed a bite of my friend's pesto pasta. 

Too stuffed for dessert, we all ordered cappuccinos or espressos while polishing off the rest of our wine. Our experience wasn't flawless but it was still really nice and considering the busyness of the holiday, the staff did a nice job. I'd like to go back for dinner sometime, maybe on a weeknight when the pace is more relaxed.
My wife and I have been driving by this spot on our way home for two years! This year for our anniversary we finally got a table and it was everything we expected it to be. 

4-5 plates deep we experienced flavor filled food, great service, and bellies almost too full for dessert but we got it anyway!

We'll most definitely be back :-)
Good Italian good and open outdoor al-fresco dining; a great choice if weather is good during these COVID-altered days.  Not sure, if they have heaters for cold weather. We stopped by for lunch and enjoyed a good selection of pastas and salads. They are good with social distancing and masking.
Best Italian I've had in Philly in awhile.
Crispy gnocchi = insane 
Crabmeat spaghetti with clams and white wine sauce = incredible  
Short rib = incredible 
Burrata = perfect 
Salmon crudo = Solid, not amazing but nice light dish
I'll be back.
This little BYO is tucked away on a quiet corner of center City West. So tucked away in fact that my husband and I didn't know about it until browsing open table on a Friday night looking for a last minute reservation. 

Luckily for us, Ambrosia had an opening. And boy are we happy we decided to try it out. When we got there we were seated immediately. We started with a very attentive server who was prompt with opening the wine we brought and making sure we had water and whatever else we wanted. 

For apps we got the grilled artichoke and the cheese plate. Both were delicious. I did appreciate that the cheese plate was served correctly (the cheeses were at the appropriate temperature for serving) and thier pairings were spot on. The grilled artichoke was served on toasted croustini that were delicious. 

Our entrees were the tortellini and the short ribs, both were excellent. The pasta was clearly homemade and fresh and perfectly Al dente. The filling was a decadent mushroom and creamy cheese topped with a cream sauce. The short ribs were amazingly tender and some of the best my husband has ever had. We were certainly wowed by the dinner. 

Finally dessert was tiramisu and creme brulee. The creme brulee had a perfect hard coating and soft but not soppy inside. Cooked perfectly. 

The restaurant is pretty similar to most BYOBs in the city, a single room - a little tight in terms of space - but well worth it. It is great for a party of 2-4, groups should probably just call ahead to make sure since the space isn't huge. 

We will certainly be back - I highly recommend you try this place ASAP
Love this new addition to the neighborhood! Ambrosia is tucked away on a quiet and quaint street. There's outdoor seating on a beautiful summer day. The indoor seating is relatively spacious, but I've seen it fill up quickly during peak hours! I love the clean and modern yet homey feel with the open kitchen.

After recently coming back from a trip to Italy, I was looking for some authentic Italian food. Ambrosia may have been even better than some of the Italian restaurants I had in Rome! The pasta is homemade and stellar. I've been twice already and can't get enough of the papardelle with short rib ragu. It's simple, yet so well done. The crispy gnocchi is another fantastic dish - perfect if you love mushrooms. And who doesn't love something with "brown butter" as part of the ingredients?! I enjoyed the squid ink tagliatelle as well, though it was a touch on the saltier side. The grilled octopus was a perfect starter - perfectly chewy and not overcooked like a lot of octopus I've had previously at other places. 

Don't forget to save room for dessert here! The pistachio panna cotta was incredible. It's my personal favorite and a perfect choice if you like a relatively light, yet flavorful and satisfying dessert. The creme brule and pumpkin cheesecake were also winners.
Update: Went back a second time in early March and it was just as amazing as the first. The second time we had the mussels appetizer. My boyfriend had the short rib which was so tender. I had the ravioli .. to die for. We topped it off with the pistachio dessert. I can't wait to go back!

Came here last weekend and oh my god.. we will be back. The homemade bread served at the table was so delicious. We had the calamari as an appetizer and the sauce was just incredible. For dinner, I got the tortelloni.. the flavors and sauce were out of this world. My boyfriend got the short rib pappardelle. For dessert, 7 layer cake. The place is BYOB toozI can't wait to go back!!
Cute neighborhood BYO. 

Apps: Scallop crudo was nice, artichokes toast are something you can make at home. 
Pasta: Really loved the crispy gnocchi.  The ravioli were a tiny bit underdone. 

They bring out bread and a delicious sun dried tomato oil to start. Good service. Look out, its tiny!
Came in with my fiance ~6pm on Saturday night - recommend getting reservations in advance! An Italian BYOB spot with a casual vibe and open kitchen. 

Atmosphere: Not super intimate, and feels a bit loud - there's about 35-40 seats inside, but tables are placed quite close to each other. Generally brighter lights, which gives it a more casual vibe.

Food: Good portion sizes, and well-made gnocchi and squid ink tagliatelle dishes. I was impressed by one of the appetizers, in particular, which included blue cheese and beef on flatbread. I usually don't like blue cheese, but the combination was well balanced. The bread was delicious though - we had to ask for seconds. Nothing absolutely WOWed me about the pastas, but they're well-made and good for when you're craving Italian food. One of the highlights though was the chocolate mousse cake (5-layers in total, I remember) with a layer of pistachio as well - that was very unique and delicious!

Overall:  - I would like to come back and try other dishes! It's just a bit overcrowded and standard for Philly Italian food.
Okay, I rarely review a restaurant 3 plus times but I feel an obligation to on this occasion and will keep it short.

The sauce is God-like at this restaurant. I have had the Squink Ink Spaghettini for a second time tonight but must advise to choose their other main pasta dish with Rock shrimp accompanied by crabmeat as the sauce is legitimately the best part imagine that over that stellar seafood! Please come here and order the Carvessae I believe that is what it is called you will not regret it!!!
I love this place! And not solely because it's like 5 steps from my apartment and I get lazy when I'm hangry, but because their food is delicious! My favorite things are the duck and the fried gnocchi! The fried gnocchi is a must-get, and for each bite you have to get a little bit of everything to appreciate the wonderful flavor combinations. They also have the cutest outdoor seating set up! And in a pandemic, some good outdoor ambiance makes me feel like there's not a big bad virus going around.
Must go stop during COVID!!  Came here for NYE dinner and it was amazing.  They have nicely separated outdoor booths with roofs over head.  The food was absolutely to die for.  We started with the artichoke toast which was pretty good.  I had the surf and turf special and it was good.  My SO got the crispy gnocchi which was amazing.  The best thing though was the Polenta.  The polenta is a necessary side.  So so creamy and flavorful.  Come for the amazing outdoor booths stay for the even better food.
Delicious!! Came here for dinner on a Monday night around 6 with a party of 5. Luckily we had a reservation because by the time we ordered our meal the restaurant was packed. 

The food was really good. We got a bunch of meals and shared them. My favorites were the ragu papardelle and ravioli. The airline chicken was also a favorite with the group. 

The service was amazing. One of my fiends dropped a tortoloni on the floor and the chef made him two additional ones 

This is BYOB! Will definitely be back.
Lovely neighborhood fine Italian restaurant in Filter Square with all home made pasta.

Casarecce- rock shrimp, crabmeat, fava beans, white wine lemon sauce.  When I saw this on the menu I had to get it and didn't even entertain reading the rest of the menu. The dish had some breadcrumbs mixed over it which was a nice touch but the sauce was just brillant (white wine lemon sauce with just the right amount of garlic). The dish came with some foccachia garlic bread as well.

If you take friends or family here I really think everyone can easily find something they will like. There is a great family owned charm and the owner even thanked me for supporting the busy when I stopped in for a take out order. 

Can't wait to come back and try some of there homemade Italian desserts : )
This tiny little hidden gem has big flavorful Italian food. The staff is super friendly even though they are super busy. They have a smaller menu with all freshly made pastas and other dishes. This grilled octopus was fantastic, along with all the short rib dishes, pasta dishes and the steak was to die for. The best part is it is a BYOB. I would suggest reservations because the place is tiny and gets packed. They do have awesome outdoor seating for when the weather is nice.
Okay, now this place gets it done!  On a recent trip to Philly we happened upon an old neighborhood I frequented (long time ago) and stopped in by chance to Ambrosia.  Was not disappointed.
Love it.
-Robert
Ambrosia is a phenomenal addition to Fitler Square and, in my opinion, already bests the likes of Trattoria Carina and the newly opened Cotalleta. It's tucked into a quiet corner of the remote neighborhood and easily blends in with the surrounding homes. It fills the space that Sandy's left behind, but with a complete redesign more fitting for a modern Italian restaurant in the city of brotherly love. 

I've already been here several times and fully enjoyed my experiences each time. The Pappardelle with short rib ragu is delicious and has become my standard order. I'd also highly recommend the grilled octopus and burrata, but don't sleep on the grilled artichokes! The kitchen generously offered us a plate of the artichokes and we all loved it. 

The staff has also been routinely excellent.
What a dynamite of a dish! Squid Ink Spaghettini, amazing delicious red sauce, fresh as can be squid ink pasta not much you can't eat but just the right amount with the pasta that will leave you room for dessert or an appetizer.

I have come here three times and all three times ordered one of their housemade pasta dishes, don't be stupid and order anything else!!
Based on a friend's recommendation, Ambrosia Ristorante was the move for dinner in the city.  In short, that recommendation was legit.  

My group opted for the outdoor dining space out.  The have tables in these "houses" that can be accessed through sliding doors.  Inside, there is a space heating attached high up on one of the walls; so you'll be comfortable even on a colder day.

Here's a breakdown of the eats that evening:

1) Grilled Octopus (Appetizer)
First of all, the presentation was super cool!  A whole octopus tentacle was presented to us on top of diced potatoes, chorizo, and a "salsa verde".  Very breathtaking.  Very worthy of the gram.
And it tasted as it good as it looks.  This appetizer alone was our favorite dish of the evening.  You might just want to get a second one especially if you have a larger table and/or you just want more.

2) Mussels (Appetizer) 
The mussels tasted clean, and the saffron broth feels light yet tastes rich in flavor.  That balance between salty and sweet might just have you feeling like you're on the beach while eating these.
Pro tip: Don't get rid of the dish when you're done with the mussels!  The saffron broth goes so well not only with the mussels but also with the side of bread!  Keep getting your money's worth.  You're welcome.

3) Crispy Gnocchi 
Overall, a very solid dish.  Everything on the plate is presented nicely, and it tasted good especially when you get all the components in one messy bite.   Even though it was the fanciest way I've ever seen potatoes, pancetta, cheese, and mushrooms prepared together, it just lacked a "wow" factor in comparison to the dishes we ordered.  

4) Squid Ink Spaghettini 
I've never had squid ink anything; so I really didn't know what to expect.  Overall, it was a good first experience.  The briny/seafood flavor in the pasta was subtle, but maybe too subtle because the taste of the tomato sauce was alot bolder.  With that said, I think I'd rather have it that way in this particular dish (rather than the other way around).  I'd recommend this dish to others.

5) Pappardelle w/ Short Ribs
The shaved slices of parm on top of this dish looks very instagram worthy, but the dish tastes a whole lot better once that cheese mixes and melts into everything else.  The short ribs are already pulled and mixed with the pasta and the sauce; since I didn't do my due diligence on Yelp before coming here this time around, I expected this dish to present a little differently.  Even though the protein didn't really stand out in the presentation, it tasted great.  Super simple yet delicious.
This place is so cute and the food is delicious!

I came for brunch and ordered the ravioli and the squid ink spaghetti. Both were around $16, which is a great price for Italian food. I loves the squid ink spaghetti, which was filled with calamari and crab with a rich tomato sauce. The ravioli had a subtle flavor, which was buttery and tasty, but a bit too subtle for my liking. 

I did outdoor dining with my boyfriend, and we were socially distanced from the other tables and had a nice seat away from the street. Would recommend coming here with friends or on a cute brunch date!
I had a really nice anniversary dinner here a few days ago. It's BYOB. Service was excellent and the food was very good. The roasted beets and mussels were AMAZING. The grilled octopus was good but I definitely had better. My husband enjoyed his squid ink spaghetti. I had the crispy gnocchi but was a bit disappointed. The gnocchi was dense and oily and everything in the dish was very heavy (pancetta, butter, goat cheese) so it wasn't the best way to end the meal since I didn't have room for dessert after this. I would definitely still go back to try the other items on the menu.
How does this place not have more than ~120 reviews??? I only wish I had taken pictures of their homemade pasta...

I met a friend here for an early dinner on a Monday - which is probably part of the reason it wasn't too busy - definitely make a reservation.

The food was so goooood. They hand make their pasta in house and, although I am not a big pasta-eater, I had to try it. I got the gazpacho (seasonal) to start which was the chunky Italian kind, not the creamy Spanish kind, but it was really good nonetheless.

For dinner, I got the Tagliatelle with short rib and my friend got the Crispy Gnocchi. They were both amazing but honestly this place seems to be known for their crispy gnocchi so I will be ordering that next time.

And there will be a next time. This place is a local favorite but seems to fly under the radar. They have fire table bread and a cool indoor.outdoor atmosphere. Check it out!
If you are wanting to save money on drinks, Ambrosia is a great place to go because it is BYOB. My friend and I bought a bottle of wine on the walk to the restaurant and the server immediately put it on ice when we were seated. Tables were all outdoors and situated far apart. Servers were wearing masks and guests were allowed to take their masks off at their table. I ordered the Papardelle, which was delicious. The short rib ragu was perfectly tender and flavorful. I also loved the edition of the shaved parmigiano cheese. 10/10 will go again.
Well lit, warmed for winter, food was very good. We got the lamb sausage pasta and the pulled pork pasta, both were exceptionally good. Some of the best pasta we've had at an Italian restaurant. By far one of the better Italian restaurants I've been to. Waiters were very helpful and checked in to make sure we had enough water constantly. Deserving of a 5
The food was amazing. I highly recommend the Brussels sprouts and the short rib papardelle. The ambiance was nice, we sat inside with a view of the cook line. The service was solid, my only critique is that although the service was very good there was no  warmth or personality, everyone was very professional and did there job, but with no personal touch. With that said, I would still go back...for the papardelle!
This is a cute little restaurant with great service and knowledgeable staff. It's also BYO which is a nice plus! 

I found the menu to be quite limited, and there weren't many things that stood out on the menu that I wanted to try. I believe the menu is seasonal though so this may be different during another time of year. 

I ended up going with the gnocchi which did not have a sauce, and I was not a huge fan. It didn't have much to it and I was underwhelmed. My boyfriend ordered the short rib pappardelle, which he liked but the portion was quite small.
I went here for the first time last night on a date and it was a wonderful experience. We were actually running a bit late and called to let them know. It wasn't at all a problem and we were seated right away despite them being super packed and busy. Our waiter was super attentive and our dishes came out quickly. We ordered the beef carpaccio, grilled octopus, crispy gnocchi, and duck. The portions were generous and I really enjoyed all of these dishes. The crispy gnocchi might've been my favorite though. Despite being full and having tons of leftovers to take home, we couldn't resist the dessert menu and decided to finish off our meal with a créme brulee and some espresso. Overall it was a wonderful dining experience and I look forward to coming back. It's also a BYOB so don't forget the wine!
Absolutely delicious! Dined there recently and wow...what a change from what was there before. Service was fantastic, decor top notch and the food was delicious! Octopus and calamari appetizers are not to be missed. All of our entrees were delicious! We went with a group of eight and were seated right on time. Fantastic to have a BYOB in Fitler Square. We will be back again!
we are serious foodies! I travel the world and participate in the best dining! This is best food I have had in Philly! That says ALOT!! and the staff were friendly and gracious, which is often times rare in Philadelphia!
Of the many Italian BYOB restaurants in Philly, this is one of my favorite (up there with Melograno). Its in a perfect corner location in the Grad Hospital/Fitler Square neighborhood. Both indoor and outdoor seating options are available, I think I prefer the outdoor seating just because the indoor area is a bit small. 

I've been here a number of times and the food is great each time. On prior occasions I've gotten the beef carpaccio, crispy Brussels sprouts, burrata, and grilled octopus and none have been disappointing. 

This most recent visit, we started with the mussels and the grilled artichokes. The Mussels were some of the best I've had in the city with a fantastic saffron broth. The grilled artichokes were good (I love artichokes!) but be warned they are more like strips of artichoke on toast. It was still yummy, I think I was just expecting a whole grilled artichoke and was a bit disappointed. 

I'm usually a small plates and starters girl, but the entrees were the star of this show. Both the mushroom and truffle risotto and the short rib were absolutely 10/10. If I had to pick one it might be the short rib, but both are absolutely delicious. Also, if looking for a meatless option the risotto would be great. 

To finish off, we got a tiramisu and coffee for dessert. If you read my reviews you know we get tiramisu anywhere we can, and this was one of the best!

Cannot recommend this place enough. Keep up the good work Ambrosia!
So charmed by this restaurant. First, gracious polite hostess seated us even after we were a bit late for our reservation. We had a half dozen oysters and the beet salad to start - both were excellent. I ordered the papardelle with short rib and it was divine. Short rib melted in your mouth and huge pieces of shaved Parmesan were delicious. Friend ordered squid ink pasta and really enjoyed it as well. Shared tiramisu for dessert - delicious! Miguel, our waiter, was attentive and very pleasant- we will definitely be back!
I can't say enough good things about Ambrosia!

We came as a group of 8 to celebrate my Mom's 75th birthday and everything, i mean everything was excellent from start to finish. 

We tried almost the whole menu lol

Crudo: Salmon Belly and Beef Carpaccio

Salads: Roasted Beets and Crispy Brussel Sprouts

Starters:. Mussels, grilled Octopus, calamari, bursts and grilled artichokes

Pasta:. Papardelle, Squid Ink Spaghettini, Rigatoni, Gnocchi, Crispy Gnocchi.

Entrée: Short Rib, Moulard Duck, Branzino

Desserts: Tiramisu, Chocolate Mousse, Creme Brulee, Pistachio Panna Cotta, Banana Bread, cherry Gelato

Like I said we covered most of the menu and the consistency was outstanding. Truly a fine experience.

We will definitely back real soon.

Service was also excellent
I'm a sucker for Italian food and true delight when it's also BYOB. Ambrosia did not disappoint!

Star 1: How was the service and atmosphere?
The service was incredible. We were given the option of seating outside or inside and even choosing the location of our table. We sat outside and it happened to be a cooler night but upon request our server graciously turned on the outdoor heater for us. Overall super friendly and accommodating. 

Star 2: How were the portions and quality relative to the price?
The portions were decent for the price, what really justifies it is the quality of the food. The pasta tasted fresh and all ingredients were definitely of higher quality. We left feeling plenty satisfied

Star 3 and 4: How was the food?
Oof the food was incredible. Yes it was Italian but definitely an elevated experience. I love that they have a mix of seafood like octopus and more classic like pastas. 

Star 5: Would I be excited to visit again? 
Definitely!
As I strolled this area looking for a quick lunch the menu popped out to me as they have listed Pasta (Made in House). Although it was not my plan to eat a heavy pasta meal before 1pm on a Saturday I took one for the Yelp community and myself as I am always looking for an authentic delicious italian pasta experience.

Ordered the Crispy Gnocchi which comes with squash, pancretta, and is bathed in brown butter with shaved parmigiana on top. This was a truely unique meal and graded highly on the flavor scale and presentation. I would be careful if your taste buds are sensitive to butter and fat as this dish has quite a bit of both but with this being my first experience at this restaurant and not trying the calamari or octopus, two of my favorite things, I will definitely come back.

Ambrosia is a BYOB and has fair pricing on there meals in a nice part of time. Only negatives I see based on the reviews is it can get packed as it is a neighborhood restaurant and you do not want to sit near the door during the winter time. Take those tips and come try the place if you are also a fellow pasta aficionado.
My GF & I had dinner here on NYE and I left upset...upset at the fact I didn't get a chance to thank the manager and staff in person. The place was busy as restaurants are on NYE but luckily we made reservations. Great ambiance, great service. Food was delicious at a good price point. You're not gauged for the meal but it's not a Wendy's 4 for 4. 
We forgot to bring our own bottle of wine & the manager was kind enough to give us one on the house. The wine was great. Did I mention the service was great in terms of checking in with us and keeping water filled. Def a nice spot for the neighborhood.
So delicious!!! Went with my friend and was given a complimentary pistachio ice cream cake at the end which was surprisingly delicious!!

I ordered the octopus and squid ink pasta and let me tell you... I have never had anything so delicious before in my life!!!!!! I can even taste both of them right now and I'm drooling. If you love seafood- you have to eat here!!
The food is good and pricy as an Italian place could be. The crispy gnocchi was too oily and I almost felt like I was having southern American food instead of Italian. Artichoke would be my fav.
Truly a delight. Nice outdoor seating (went when it was a bit warmer though), cute area, friendly staff, delicious food. I'd recommend the octopus and the gnocchi, and the bread with their house oil blend is a nice accompaniment. The squid ink pasta was pretty good too, fairly loaded with crab.
Deeeeelicious! Want great food? Check. Want friendly service? Check. 
They handle Covid well and have a really nice outdoor dining setup. The servers are all wonderful and friendly. We had a very pleasant dining experience. 

Brussel sprouts: Crispy, perfectly cooked with little bacon chunks and dusted with cheese. Perfect to share for the table!
Mushroom risotto: Cheesy, salty and oh so truffle-y. 
Squid ink spaghetti: perfect amount of seafood flavor without being so fishy. Lots of flavor, sauce is perfect and a good amount of crab meat and shrimp mixed in.

The restaurant is also close by a park so it's a great place to take a stroll after to walk off all the deliciousness!
A super cute, BYOB and phenomenal sumptuous food! I have been there at least 5 times now and every time the food blows my mind! Paperdelle, Risotto, Gnocchi - it's hard to select which one is better than others! They have also handled the COVID situation well and built cozy cabanas! I have been literally sending my friends, clients and colleagues to this place! 

Definitely has become my top 5 on Philly!

Tips:
1. BYOB 
2. If you really want cabana - make sure to add as a note in your reservation! Also if you have a baby or toddler - they count them as well especially for the cabana so make a note of that! 
3. Always ask for their specials - they generally have some great options
Cute little italian spot located in Fitler square. Don't forget it's byob so make sure you bring a bottle of your favorite wine. During COVID, they've erected a number of streetside booths in addition to their small indoor restaurant. We were seated outside under some awnings which was nice and airy. 

The food is quite good. We started with the brussel sprouts which were crispy and served with a great tart labneh (yogurt) sauce. For the main, we tried the duck and the fried gnocchi. The fried gnocchi were to die for! Definitely get this if you're in the mood for a decadent carb-forward dish. 

Overall, this was a sweet little restaurant that is good for a casual dinner. Swing by with friends!
Great food! Love this place. Their muscles are top notch! Their pasta is absolutely delish! Would totally recommend going there.
Didn't think of this as a brunch spot but gave the brunch a shot and it was fantastic, one of the best brunches we've had! I got the short rib Benedict which was amazing.
Had a great dinner at Ambrosia on Saturday. We were lucky to get a table inside.  The brussel sprout appetizer was delicious, as well as the beef carpaccio! The fried gnocchi entree was good, but gnocchi were somewhat dry. The restaurant should put heaters outside for dining. It's too chilly to eat outside in the evening without heaters or fire tables...
This is a really solid restaurant, great for a date. It's an intimate restaurant with an open kitchen--a nice place for a date but can be a bit loud at times. Highlights in terms of food were the octopus and the duck: the octopus had a good charred flavor without being overcooked, and the duck was a nice medium. Appetizer salads were nice, light, and well seasoned as well. 

The dishes that were a bit disappointing to me were actually the pastas, which were what got me excited about this restaurant in the first place. The pappardelle and squid ink tagliatelle were both quite salty (though the texture and cook of both pastas was great). The crispy gnocchi and ravioli were too oily for my taste, and quite a bit over-- the texture of the pasta changed to almost a crumbly/cracker. I happily ate the filling of the ravioli though.

Desserts: tiramisu was good, didn't stand out on any particular way. The pistachio panna cotta had a nice texture and I would definitely order again.
Amazing crispy gnocchi!!!! Must-have!! The burrata was also very good. Their bread starter was very nice. The mushroom tortellini had a tasty and rich filling. The pappardelle was ok...compared to all of the other pasta dishes. The service staff was attentive and accommodating. Cute close-knit seating. I like supporting local restaurants and this was a charm!
New BYOB that I highly recommend trying! I went with a group of 5 other people so we were able to taste a large portion of the menu.. everything we ordered was absolutely delicious. My favorite was the burrata. I can't wait to go back!
A hidden gem! I didn't want to write a yelp review because I wanted to keep this place a neighbor secret. They have indoor and outdoor seating. The service is amazing. Every time I've been here they are super friendly and attentive and do not rush you out! 

The food is amazing! The cheese board is huge it's a meal in itself. I've have the short rib pasta, the fried gnocchi, the chicken Milanese, some of the specials and never been disappointed. The bread and oil is so die for, it's like a roasted tomato oil and is so flavorful. You will probably be to full for dessert but you need to try the tiramisu, it's homemade and amazing! It's also byob!

Overall I love this place, it's tucked into the neighborhood you can barely tell it's there. It has such an Italian restaurant vibe you really feel at home!
Excellent! We had high hopes for this place and it didn't disappoint. We started with oysters. I had the monkfish and my wife had scallops. Each dish was delicious and beautifully presented. We brought our two young kids and the kitchen made them plain pasta marinara. We also tried the roasted chicken. So happy to have a quality Italian byob in the neighborhood-we will return!
This place was spectacular! My wife and I ordered sauté calamari, fat belly tuna, and grilled octopus for appetizer. For entree we had the duck and the veal. The service was outstanding and the food was delicious.  Everything was just awesome!
Came here Friday night on a date, food was good service was good I got the octopus, duck, lobster ravioli, and the ink pasta. They were all good but I wouldn't order them again except the lobster ravioli. For dessert I got the tiramisu, I thought it was ok, I wish the coffee taste was alittle stronger but over all 5 star
This is my favorite Italian BYOB in the center city area. The service is always excellent. Their safety measures during covid-19 are great as well! The food is the best Italian food I've had in Philly! Their crispy gnocchi is a must with amazing complex flavors. Their Brussel sprouts salad was delicious and crispy. The tiramisu was amazing and not too heavy after 2 courses prior. Highly recommend if you live or are visiting the area!
This is arguably the perfect neighborhood restaurant. We had no reservation, but they found us a table quickly. It's BYOB, so bring your wine (we didn't know, or we would have. We left a super loud place and found this.) Attentive, quick but not hurried service. Moderate noise, but that's to be expected, and I noted they are taking some acoustical efforts to tamp it down. Every dish that came out had me wondering, and wishing, I knew what it was. We had a cold cucumber soup, redolent of dill, crepe fraiche, and yogurt. Wow. The bread basket was simple, not overwrought, garlicky and spicy, crunchy with a little baked in oil. Daughter had tagliatelle with rage, off the menu, perfectly fish, but not overly so, and not a tiny portion. I had the pasta special, with favs beans, crab, and many, many small clams in their shells. A superb, low key, thoroughly satisfying experience.
Although the food was great, the management and wait staff made me feel incredibly uncomfortable. They rushed us the entire time.. a waiter came over every 2 minutes to take our plates away even though we were still eating. They hovered around our table until we felt too uncomfortable to stay and finish our dessert and drinks. I just.. appreciate a good atmosphere and I felt so rushed and uncomfortable the entire time.
This is my new favorite place. Small, elegant and clean! The serving staff, all of them and I mean all of them were fantastic and friendly. They really know how to treat the customer. And the food, the food....some of the best I've ever tasted. Fresh, flavorful and hot. The waitstaff brings the food out at the appropriate time so you're not still eating your apps while they're bringing out the entrée. Don't sleep on the oil and focaccia even if you have to cheat on your low carb day. Their desserts were rich and creamy try the tiramisu and the chocolate mousse yum. It's a BYOB and the prices are reasonable. Will be recommending this place to everyone, and I will be back.
We were on our way home from NY, and decided to stop by Philly to grab lunch. We stumbled upon this restaurant since we found parking. It's AWESOME. We ordered risotto and crispy brussels sprouts. Both were delicious! We asked for plain arugula with risotto and it was the perfect pair.
Did a double date and it was our first time here. Everything was so good. I had the salmon crudo , octopus, and pappardelle as my main. Everything was very good. I bought my unfinished half home and it was still good the next day. Would totally come back!
Impeccably DELICIOUS!!!!!! One of the best meals I've ever had in Philadelphia!! Eating outside was delightful and it was so nice to have an alfresco experience. The staff was super attentive and always checked on us, kept waters full, delivered requests promptly. But THE FOOD was stunning. Truffled crispy Brussel sprouts are a must. I got the Fava bean ravioli and it was too good to be believed!!! Lastly, they had a seven layer cake dessert special that sent me to heaven!! I'm sad I don't live in Philly because I'd love this quality of food often but I'll be making a pilgrimage here every time I visit!! Highly recommend!!!!
We had a great time eating outdoors here in one of their little huts. The staff were great and quickly got our wine in an ice bath and kept the water glasses full. Our party ordered the Burrata & octopus to start, then for entrees had the crispy gnocchi, regular gnocchi, rigatoni with lamb sausage, and the squid ink spaghettini. All were so delicious and every plate was empty by the end. The crispy gnocchi was my favorite as it wasn't too dense/rich on a humid summer evening. They also deliver fresh focaccia before the food arrives and it is delicious.
Our favorite to go to date night restaurant in Philly! The food is to die for...nothing on the menu disappoints and trust me I've tried the whole menu. If there is a special, I definitely recommend getting that. My all time favorite is the short rib pappardelle and salmon belly. The service is amazing and love that it's BYOB :) if you're looking for a cozy, delicious and   superb dinning experience in the city of Philadelphia then you must try Ambrosia!
Outstanding Brunch
Awesome Squid Ink spaghetti with sumptuous tomato sauce with ample crabmeat and calamari rings. Crispy Gnocchi is a welcome change with its seared gnocchi & a light goat cheese sauce. My favorite is the Tortellini with its rich truffle sauce, with some crunchy nuts. Next time we'll come prepared with a bottle of wine.
For appetizer, we enjoyed the Grilled octopus which was tender and yummy. Burrata is light and refreshing.
Special dessert is this 7 layer chocolate cake, Torta Setteveli...very good closer for brunch.
Attentive, personal and friendly service...street parking is a bit tough, but we'll worth it...we will definitely be back!
Good, solid Italian BYOB.  Great service and good food.  Standouts are the beets and octopus.

Pastas are supposedly made in-house.  I think they are good, not great.

Been twice so far and will definitely be back.
The flavor of everything on the menu here deserves five stars, but my main reason for the star deduction is that every time I've eaten dinner here I leave feeling like I consumed a pound of butter. My husband and I had dinner at Ambrosia for our first anniversary and he was so tired and full after eating the gnocchi that he could not stay awake afterwards. Big bummer. We thought it was just a one time thing but we have the same experience every time. I have to give them credit though for some of the best desserts I have ever tasted. Another reason for the star deduction is that one of the waiters were extremely rude to my mother. She only wanted to use the bathroom when we were on a walk one day and nature called a emergency situation. She walked into the bathroom and a waiter literally ran after her, pounded loudly on the bathroom door, and announced for all to hear that she needed to get out if she wasn't a paying customer. Little did they know that we are very frequent paying customers. Honestly, it was appalling to see someone do that to an older woman. Put a very bad taste in my mouth about this restaurant and I would refuse in the future to be sat in this particular waiters section.
Came here last weekend and oh my god.. we will be back. The homemade bread served at the table was so delicious. We had the calamari as an appetizer and the sauce was just incredible. For dinner, I got the tortelloni.. the flavors and sauce were out of this world. My boyfriend got the short rib pappardelle. For dessert, 7 layer cake. The place is BYOB too.. can't wait to go back!!
Booked a last minute reservation on open table thanks to previous Yelp reviews and they did not disappoint. Ambrosia is certainly small but manages to feel spacious and comfortable inside. We were indeed impressed by the attentive service, light and flavorful focaccia bread starter and the creative menu. Our appetizers-- grilled octopus, fig/gorgonzola special and grilled artichokes-- were all delicious. Although small, they were filling and we worried about having room for the other courses. My favorite entree with the pappardelle pasta which gives you the best of both with homemade pasta and the highly touted short rib. The crispy gnocchi was unique and tasty, although felt less like a pasta dish than I was craving. Finally, the pistachio Panna cotta was the perfect ending on the waiter's recommendation. 
Ambrosia is also located in the Gray's ferry area of Philadelphia near South Street which is beautiful enough to warrant its own trip and make any far parking woes worth it. For future trips, remember that the restaurant is BYO and probably would not accommodate large groups well.
We went here on valentines and it was a delight! It's a BYOB and they have a great selection of foods. Miguel, our server, was incredible as well which really made the experience that much better! The food came out quickly and they offer complementary bread. We ordered the appetizer with artichoke which was delicious and then squid ink pasta and the gnocchi which were all amazing. They have great portion sizes and we were stuffed by the end. We ordered coffee for dessert and that was also delightful. The restaurant is a bit crammed which is my only complaint, but it was still a nice and clean atmosphere and the food made it worth it. I'm excited to go back!
This restaurant is really easy to miss because it's in a less traveled part of Center City. Glad I discovered it. Because the street it's on is so quiet, the outdoor dining experience felt very relaxing. Like a nice place to have a long, catch up lunch with a friend on a Sunday afternoon. 

Food wise, the complimentary focaccia and the dipping sauce it came in was really good. I got the squid spaghettini and they were surprisingly generous with the crab meat. 

Excited to return to this restaurant! Next time, with booze.
This was my first time trying Ambrosia! I saw their adorable booths (wooden floor, glass sliding doors separating tables, roof to protect from the rain but open on one side with heat lamps) and decided I had to try it. The food was fantastic! We got the quinoa salad, grilled artichokes, homemade ravioli and raviola and the shortbread eggs benedict. All were scrumptious with well balanced flavors. Reasonably priced, great service. Will be back for sure!!!! Call for a table since I don't think they are on opentable.
I lived in Sicily for two months, and the experience I had there with the cuisine was what led me to what was going to be my standard for rating Italian cuisine in general, including mainland Italy. Of course, I found plenty opportunities there to savor such high standards. That also happened when I discovered Ambrosia Ristorante! The attention from the owners and the servers has been very good, also. I highly recommend this place!
This place is typically pretty busy on weeknights, so my wife and I went for lunch on a weekday as a special treat. The lunch menu is similar to the dinner menu, only a bit cheaper. The place wasn't terribly busy and the staff were very friendly and attentive.

We ordered the grilled octopus appetizer, the rigatoni pasta with lamb, the casarecce pasta, and tiramisu for dessert. The place is byob and we brought along a Bordeaux to drink. They also give you a complementary basket of garlic bread and dip. Everything was fabulous. The pasta was homemade and flavorful. We shared the tiramisu, which was a little small for two people but extremely good. The sponge was nicely soaked with coffee. 

Honestly, it's hard to find a good Italian place in Center City Philadelphia - my wife and I find most places overpriced for what they are. But Ambrosia was worth every penny. Highly recommend.

The only negative part of our meal was that they messed up our bill and added on an extra pasta by mistake, but they quickly corrected it.
WOW. This place is incredible, from the service to the food. Immaculate. Outside booths are so nice & quaint. Entrees we're fantastic and the grilled octopus is to die for. You cannot go wrong. 10/10. Also wonderful that it is BYOB!
I was very excited to try Ambrosia and their in-house made pasta, but the service was very off putting. Our server mumbled a lot and we weren't fully able to understand the specials. Luckily we didn't have many questions about the menu. We ordered the mussels ($14) which was a generous portion along with the Squid Ink Spaghettini ($26) and Scallops ($29). The focaccia bread was served with this amazingly delicious tomato, garlic, olive oil dip and the mussels came out promptly. However, they brought out the scallops and Casarecce instead of our Squid Ink Spaghettini. I told them we didn't order it and they should take it back due to COVID19 so I don't breathe on it but they ran away to check with the waiter, manager and who knows who else. 5 minutes later, our waiter came back and apologized for the mistake and that the Spaghettini would be right out. We noticed the table next to us also had the same problem, with Casarecce coming out instead of their Spaghettini. During payment, we had an Opentable Gift Card that we wanted to use. The waiter didn't know how to input it even though the directions were literally written on the paper itself and a manager came out and told us we had to "activate it". I've used countless Opentable Gift Cards as rewards and know for a fact there is no activation necessary, as it is activated once you book your reservation. I pleasantly told the manager that it was already activated and he curtly continued to argue with me that he tried twice. We sat on the bill for a couple minutes, pretending to "activate the card" when in fact we didn't do anything and gave the bill back. Voila! Magically it worked. My biggest pet peeve is customer service in which waiters, managers, etc. automatically jump to the conclusion that you made the mistake and they have no part in it. It was a terrible way to end the dinner and left a really sour taste in our mouth. We still tipped generously for our waiter who was trying his best, but there is A LOT of room to improve. The Casarecce also had very little taste/flavor, the Spaghettini had a good bite, the Scallops were cooked well but only came with 4 scallops and 4 cauliflowers. I was hoping for a more elevated experience, but also feel like they were stretching themselves a little to thin, as there were 30 tables outside and only 1-2 waiters.
The best Italian restaurant in Philly, hands down!! We got the scallops and the salmon and they were both cooked to perfection. You don't wanna miss their grilled octopus either!! Awesome place and awesome owners!!
was so excited to go try this restaurant having walked my dog by several times.  I made a reservation weeks ahead for 6:15pm, we were promptly seated in a two person table outside. We were not offered an inside seat or one located in the outside huts.  We sat and realized that only one of the three heaters around our table was working.  While the host tried to turn on 1 of the heaters, it kept going off. When asked later, he stated that he is the only one and would get around to turning the heaters on when he could.  It was an extremely cold night, "felt like upper 20s."  He did turn on one of the heaters, but one heater kept going out. It was cold and the host knew that, but never apologized or explained why he gave up one turning one of the heaters on.  It's too bad, because the calamari starter was delicious, and the short ribs pasta was good; as well as the chocolate mousse dessert.  I would have given the restaurant a higher rating, but it was so cold without an apology or anything. We seemed to be an after thought to the host. It was too bad. I may try again in nicer weather, but currently disappointed.
I recently ordered the Tagliatelle for takeout. There are only two Tagliatelle dishes on Ambrosia's online menu: (1) Tagliatelle, $15 (pancetta, parmigiano, egg, pepper corn) and (2) Tagliatelle Carbonara, $15 (pancetta, parmesan cheese, eggs, pepper). I duly picked up the order and discovered upon arriving home that I instead received the "Squid Ink Tagliatelle" for $26 which is not on the online menu. I immediately called to notify them of the mistake. Rather than apologizing for their own mistake, the employee who answered the phone argued with me and insisted that the mistaken entree was added to their paper menu (which I did not have a copy of) and I would have to return the entree to receive a refund. I arrived later that evening to return the order, and as I waited for my receipt, I noticed that several servers were improperly wearing their masks such that theirs masks did not cover fully cover both their nose and mouth. Overall, this experience disrupted my evening plans and wasted over an hour of my time.
I loved it! 
The staff was extremely attentive and adopted all the appropriate COVID precautions.
The food was amazing!
The roasted beet salad and the special cucumber gazpacho were delicious, flavorful, fresh, light!
The crispy gnocchi were packed flavor and not too  heavy (ok, it is a winter dish but looked so inviting that I couldn't resist) and the tagliatelle with black squid ink were perfect for a summer night (a bit of sand was left in the sauce but this was the only flaw).
It is BYOB, so don't forget some good wine to accompany your amazing meal!
This place is great! The service is spectacular. They are so warm and welcoming. The seating is small indoors with about 10 four tops and some healthy outdoor seating with about 6 four tops. I would highly recommend coming to check out this place if you'd like a place to kick your feet up and relax!
New favorite brunch spot!! I'm a sucker for a boozy brunch but am not a fan of bloody mary's/mimosas so a BYO option is perfect me (my morning drink of choice is an aperol spritz).  Can't go wrong with a place that serves cacio e pepe for breakfast. They truly had an option for everyone and we're able to accommodate a table of 10+.  Looking forward to making this a regular haunt.
The staff and the overall ambiance of the restaurant was great. We had a party of ~15 and were able to make a reservation the day prior due to the flexibility and kindness of the the staff. In terms of the food, the table had mixed reviews. Some really enjoyed their dishes and others felt it left a lot of be desired. 

Overall, I would highly recommend for a large or small group outing.
This place was such an amazing first-day in a restaurant since Covid for my partner and me. The host was very laid-back and friendly; service was impeccable. Our waiter (need to give him an award) served us impeccably, having perfect timing, and never overbearing nor absent. His name is David! We had mussels cooked in white wine (perfect!), cucumber gazpacho (my partner loved this; it has a powerful dill kick and is refreshing for the summer); veal medallions; and baked eggs. Definitely have the bread and the accompanying olive oil, which was particular (in a good way). Then we were served hazelnut gelato. Soooooo good. Bring your own bottle of wine or bubbles and feast here. It was a wonderful brunch and I highly recommend going there.
Super friendly staff and really delicious (and filling) food! Got oysters, mussels, crispy gnocchi, and the pappardelle! Can't complain about anything!
We split the crispy skin salmon and the quinoa salad - perfect lunch portions. The salmon is just as described, cooked to a crisp, served skin up. It includes a side salad with greens and peppers, dressed lightly. The quinoa salad was very refreshing! Highlight was the homemade focaccia served with a tomato based olive oil. Service was fast and friendly. Highly recommend!
Went here for the first time on Valentine's Day. Amazing date spot for BYOB, no corking fee and offers both indoor and outdoor seating (outdoor has heated booths). Food was amazing and so fresh! Everything from the appetizers to the desserts were all truly remarkable. Highlight of the night was the crispy Gnocchi and the Squid Ink Pasta!!! Must try dishes. Will be returning again very soon. Authentic Italian cuisine that is the perfect date spot for any occasion.
Love love love this place. Authentic Italian flavors My favorite is the short rib pappardelle and the pistachio panna cotta is to die for  plus it's a bonus that it's BYOB. Definitely recommend for any night out. You will not be disappointed!
So fantastic! I had takeout from here last night and it was delicious. I can't wait to try this place in person. The crispy gnocchi and Brussel sprouts were my favorite. I think I could have had 3 servings they were so wonderful. We tried the pappardelle, which was good - but not as amazing as the gnocchi. I can't wait to try this place again!
Not going back 
Too expensive for what it is, too noisy, food mediocre...
Gus & Stella wouldn't be pleased.
We had a lovely dinner last night, a Sunday evening. We sat outside under the awning. Unlike a lot of outdoor dining spots in the city, it was quiet and intimate, and was just a nice atmosphere in the neighborhood.  

The food was great: we had a delicious and interesting frisée salad + and a flavorful sautéed calamari starter, then the roasted duck breast that a great zingy sauce underneath, and the short rib pappardelle. All delicious and expertly prepared, quite generous portions, as well.  For dessert: pistachio pannacotta (delicious), and a homemade ice cream.  Perfect, unobtrusive and friendly service.  Quite a good value as well. BYOB.  My new favorite dining spot!  

You must book in advance, I counted more than 50 patrons dining outside.
My favorite local Italian spot. Staff is so friendly and welcoming. Their new outdoor dining cubbies are warm and spacious!!
The only reason this is getting more then 1 Star is because I have been to this restaurant probably 20 times since opening and have recommended it to so many people so I've had really good meals here. However I will never be back. Was with my family this past weekend went there for a special night. And 3 of the 5 entrees were FREEZING cold. They were sent back. The owner himself came out to apologize and assure us they were being remade. when they came back out they were MILD in heat. Barely hot. But better. He took nothing off of the bill. Made no accommodations. I got the short rib and within 45 minutes of eating it I was violently ill. And that NEVER happens to me. I could eat McDonald's every meal and not get sick. So disgusted. Will never be back.
This area definitely needs this restaurant. It is great service, decent food and byob. I think this small quaint byob add so much charm to the city where food is overpriced and not made from scratch. So to come here was a great break. We do a small group monthly family dinner (pre-covid) and Ambrosia was our January pick. We decided to try a bit of it all since it is a made from scratch kitchen. My family can be picky but they were pretty open minded this night to my appetizer selections for the table. We got the Brussel sprouts, octopus, arugula Salad, calamari and short rib ragu (We we quite hungry).  The Brussel sprouts were delicious as was the ragu. The calamari was decent, not the best stewed calamari I had. I really wish the octopus was charred slightly less because if you cannot tell from my other reviews, it is my FAVORITE starter. When cooked right, its oh so right and other times it can be a complete miss. For my entree, I got the salmon which was served over a small portion of roasted veggies and a whole mustard sauce. The dish really needed a starch or even something light like quinoa would've added because it was a little lacking. The chicken Milanese was my favorite entree otherwise, my sister got it and I thought it was quite flavorful and juicy. My cousin got a bouillabaisse style entree and my other cousin ordered the new york strip steak. I think both options were superior to the salmon. The dessert were standard Italian style dessert, not sure if they were made from scratch but they were decent. I would definitely go back. The items that are good are great! Just a few minor tweaks that would take this restaurant to the next level.
Cute little BYOB spot right past the bridge next to Rosys Taco Bar. We came on Mothers Day and there was a special menu for that day, and ordered 3 dishes! 

My favorite thing was honestly the calamari, it wasn't the typical American fried kind but smothered in a delicious tomato sauce with beans and olives. We got a short rib ragu pasta and also one with crab, rock shrimp, and lemon-herb sauce but both were kind of underwhelming. They kind of lacked flavor, so we added some fresh lemon juice to them and it was a bit better. Complimentary bread is also served.

Prices are quite reasonable! Our server was great as well, and we sat indoors it was very cozy.
People kept saying great things about an Italian restaurant that opened up nearby, and somehow it took me months to finally try it and confirm that yes, this place is amazing and worth the hype. 

It's tucked away on the corner of 24th and Locust, in a neighborhood that doesn't have tons of great dining options...until now. I went with a group of 4 on a weekday evening and we were seated right away. We started off with the grilled octopus and a short rib bruschetta that was a daily special. The presentation of the grilled octopus was on point and the portion was generous so all 4 of us got a big helping. The short rib was also tender and flavorful. For entrees we ordered the papardelle, squid ink tagliatelle, and crispy gnocchi. Again, all were amazing! The papardelle was my personal favorite, I loved the wide noodle with the Parmesan and short rib ragu. The crispy gnocchi was also delicious with perfect texture.

We somehow found room in our stomachs for dessert when we saw all the mouthwatering options. After much deliberation, we went for the creme brûlée, pistachio panna cotta, and pumpkin cheesecake (which the waitress said were the best picks!) The creme brûlée was done perfectly. The pistachio panna cotta was also a table favorite, so unique. The pumpkin cheesecake was the only one we weren't completely sold on, the taste and texture was not what we expected from cheesecake. 

All in all, a satisfying meal that I would readily replicate again and again. I can't wait to come back soon for my Italian food fix!
Not sure if I am just off, but after two visits here, I still don't get the hype. Both times I felt the food was underwhelming. The rigatoni sauce was too sour, and while the crispy gnocchi was good on first taste, it quickly became too rich (especially as the dish cooled down). I also find the service here abrupt -- they forgot one of the entrees for our party.
