Gotta go with the big five stars for this smartly designed, well-rounded bar in a neighborhood that desperately needed some local business action. While the process to open took serious time, I bet most will find that it was worth the wait. A great selection of craft beers and a menu of awesomely delicious sandwiches and bar snacks at unbeatable prices await. 

We stopped by for lunch on the official opening day and everyone around the table had nothing but great things to say. We were all giddy at the start of a long holiday weekend, and the servers and staff seemed to be, also. Everyone was happy and friendly. 

From the vegan falafel sandwich on grilled pita with spicy pickles to the Pittsburgh cheesesteak with fries and oozy American to the tender pork resting between a boursin-spread Baker Street artisan roll, there's something for everyone here... except for maybe someone on a diet. I drank diet coke and went straight to the gym after this heavy lunch, and I still felt a little guilty.

The onion rings with house-made ranch, butter-soaked Brussels sprouts and shoestring fries with pickle dipping sauce probably didn't help matters. Nods of approval were also given to the porky mac, which was the only thing I didn't try. 

Big ups to the SPTR crew for bringing signs of life in the form of local business to a 'hood that now has nowhere to go but up.
I have been to ASB many times. Mostly because it is convenient to the gym and friends home. On the positive note, I like the dark downstairs,  good vegan choices, the service is very helpful and attentive, their beer list is impressive...
Ok so now the not so positive... I am always underwhelmed by the food and specialty cocktails. The boozy cider I had last night was very far from boozy, and the "cider" tasted like club soda.
The food seems to always miss the mark...like "oh that sounds good...oh no that's not what I imagined". F and I always leave feeling...let down.
We will probably still be coming here but I think we will stick to the beer menu and the bowl of fries.
I'm pretty fond of Point Breeze neighborhood gem, American Sardine Bar. They offer a nice variety of food (gluten free and vegan, too), their own brews (hibiscus sour is soooo good!) in addition to a super solid can list and fun vibes! You can't miss the place with their colorful strands of lights overlooking their courtyard. There's also views of the skyline which are nice. 

American Sardine Bar is one of my favorite places for an easy al fresco brunch or some lunch and day-drinking and noshing on the weekends in nice weather. 

Their French toast sticks are an absolutely delicious take on an old childhood favorite. They're perfectly fried, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside and covered in powdered sugar. 

Their vegan brunch hoagie with "egg" aka scrambled tofu and spiced crumbled vegan sausage on a nice roll is really good! It's served with a generous portion of breakfast potatoes and scallions. Their vegan platter with mostly the same ingredients is also great and a good option for the same style meal, just sans bread. 

They have really fun dishes like walking tacos (in a bag), hangover fries, spaghetti grilled cheese and breakfast tacos in folded pancakes instead of tortillas. The menu changes seasonally and also has fun additions on the chalkboard menu! 

Vibes are super chill and we've never had a wait.

If you're into sardines, this is apparently they place to try some! Anthony Bourdain even indulged in one of their Sardine sammies years ago. 

Solid!
CUSTOMER BEWARE: You will want to hear about this incident before dining at Sardine Bar.

The night before thanksgiving, my friends, family and I went to this restaurant to celebrate its 6th anniversary. We were having a good time until we got into a dispute with a couple over a table (we ended up giving them the table; apparently it was "their table" whatever that means). As it turns out this couple was friends with the staff.

Our server (short, white, with long dark hair) proceeded to serve us drinks with visible chunks of food in the bottom. She then brought us "free shots" from the couple mentioned above after making fun of us audibly with them. When we went over to say thank you thank you, the couple denied ever sending the shots. Obviously the waitress sent us free shots on her own and my brother in law was the only one who decided to take one. Afterward, he became very ill and was in the bathroom for the rest of the evening.

Having worked in food service and being a frequent restaurant patron, I have never in my life seen such unprofessional, unsafe, and downright illegal behavior from a restaurant staff.  I'm going to notify the health services department later today, but I wanted to warn anyone thinking of coming here that, unless they want to be harassed and poisoned by the waitstaff, American Sardine Bar probably isn't the place to go.

Happy Holidays!
Today my visit was during lunch and I decided to go with the house speciality of sardines!  Since my trip to Portugal..I am a true fan of Sardines..grilled..sautéed or fried!

I decided to go with the fried--it was yummy!  Seasoned well and not overcooked!  I liked the dill sauce that accompanied it!  

The tap and can list has many choices!  I am happy I gave them another shot-staff are helpful with answering questions and semi-friendly (need to work on this)!

I'll be back for happy hour between 4pm - 6pm - many dishes are 1/2 off!
Sometimes there are moments in your life when everything is just perfect and my afternoon at American Sardine Bar was one of those moments. 

I know it is bad form to be sappy about a bar that is so cool.  There goes my street cred.  I don't care though - this place is the bomb.com (I figured I would further dig myself into this newb hole I started).

As a one-time resident of Michigan, I have a special place in my heart for Bell's brews.  ASB has a bunch on tap and I was a happy camper ordering a Bell's Oarsman Ale draft. 

The back patio is really the perfect place to spend a morning, night, or all day.  I can't stop thinking about going back.
I ordered "sardines" a la plancha, but there was only ONE on the plate.......for $4, what? BUT,  I didn't complain, ate as it was fresh and tasty.  I also ordered their spicy bean and spinach soup, it arrived in a huge bowl that only had a *tiny* amount of soup in it, soup that had been overcooked AND over salted.  It was so over salted that I was unable to eat it, and have a pretty high bar for salty food. THIS I had to send back.  The waitress took it, didn't apologize or say anything (awkward and rude)...then, a little while later, brought me another soup, which was less salty, but still, the amount of soup in the massive bowl was offensive...for SEVEN dollars, they serve a such a small amount that it's not even worth it.

If you just want to drink and listen to music, go for it, but I wouldn't waste my money on the food there.

The chef just finished harassing me via yelp. If he does it again, this review goes down to one star.
My friend and I came here for a quick chat and a snack. It's a cute little place with a really nice outside area. My only complaint is that the chairs are just the collapsable beach chairs and the sit on rocks.... So it just feels a little wobbly. 

But the happy hour is fantastic. My friend an I each had a beer, shared fries and each had the sardine sandwich.... Our bill came to $12! Our server was really nice.   Even though we were there at HH time, it was kid friendly.  I'd like to go back and try more on the menu because what we had was pretty tastey.
Great little neighborhood spot with a good variety of drinks and food.  Plenty of beers on tap as well as cans, and some good looking wines too.  Everything I've had to eat here is fantastic: the squash fritters, fried onion rings, vegan chicken sandwich.  They also have these little $2 sandwiches that are perfect if you just want a little snack.  Everything is reasonably priced.  There is seating at the bar, tables, and a south-facing back patio that gets some good sun (no dogs allowed).  I usually come around happy hour and it's not too crowded.  Only complaint is that our service is never 100% but we're usually a large group so I can forgive when a drink order gets forgotten every now and then.
Call me a hater, but Anthony Bourdain is one of those people that I have more a hate relationship with. But when he FINALLY decided to film an one of his episodes of Philly, even I was waiting in anticipation for the great moments of food porn and insight that came with it. And even though I still find Bourdain to be an asinine blowhard, that episode of No Reservations did point me to some great spots that I had yet to try; mainly American Sardine Bar. So when my friend confirmed it as the spot to start our South Philly holiday reunion at I was all in!

Turned out American Sardine was a place that I've walked by before while marveling at its can sculpture. But I was on my way to a party and too mystified by it being practically in the middle of nowhere as far as other bar/restaurants, stores, and signs of humanity are concerned. But considering what spots like Standard Tap, Johnny Brenda's, Royal Tavern, and Grace Tavern, and Resurrection Ale House moving in did for areas of a similar circumstance did; I definitely endorse that and see the growth potential for an area.

A place is off to an immediate good start when you learn that a server like Heather is working there. People from Philly Yelp past may remember her when she did an amazing job of serving us all without missing a beat during Jim H.'s classic Prove You Exist event (which really does need a sequel) at P.O.P.E. a few years back. She was definitely as cheerful and on point as always, and I was super impressed that she remembered me.

Whether you get a good sized sandwich, or split and savor several small plates tapas style among friends, Sardine touts a noteworthy menu that revels in its simplicity. from the obvious namesake sardines and pork ribs, to split pea soup and brussel sprouts (with plenty of bacon cameos!); the bar takes a ton of simple ingredients and elevates them to astounding results. My split pea soup came with tiny chops of bacon and pumpernickel breadcrumbs. the highly acclaimed sardine sandwich was the perfect small bite that sat upon two baguette rounds, and communed with red onion and hard boiled egg in perfect harmony. The deep fried pork rib was slathered in pinto beans and bacon fat and was total amazeballs!

Whether you get it in a can or from their rotating draft list Sardine is definitely a beer haven. But their selection of boliermakers are definitely of note, especially the Youngs Double Chocolate Stout combined with Art in the Age's Root!
I don't think the craze about Sardine Bar, but many of my friends do. I went there with Courtney J. and I wasn't a fan. It was loud and packed - not my scene, but clearly popular. Since I'm not a sardine fan, I got the braised Korean short-rib sandwich, and sadly it sounded better than it taste. 

Personally, I believe there are better places in Philly.
There Yelps.
Pro - The redhead server/bus boy was sweet

Cons:
Service:
Sucked a fat one.  Our server (the one that looks like a middle aged Pilgrim, not the redhead) took 15 minutes to take our drink order, 15 minutes to take our food order, and our 2 sandwiches took over a half hour to come out..oh and there were 6 people in the restaurant.  He was also very dismissive which I got a hoot out of since he was the one waiting on me.  I also asked for my burger to be cooked medium and he told me you don't get to pick the temperature but lucky for me, it was medium.  SO LUCKY for me.  I thought about telling him that the only other restaurant I have ever been to that didn't do temperatures on burgers was Friendly's oh and McDonald's and BK. 

Food:
I got a soda to drink and it tasted funny.  I asked for a different kind and it also tasted funny.  Like there was too much seltzer and not enough syrup in their soda fountain.  It wasn't a huge deal but annoying.  Like you can't even get your sodas right.  I ordered the patty melt which I have had all over the place.  I was expecting something legit because of all of the positive reviews I read on it.  It was OK, very cheesy which I liked but not enough burger I thought.  Cheese to burger ratio was like 1:1 and I would have liked to taste more meat.

Cost:
My burger was $11 and came with a pickle.  And the fries were $4.  Come on now..  Give me a break.  This place ain't Rouge!  And I sure as hell didn't taste anything like a Rouge Burger.  

Final thoughts:
If you want to drive to a wasteland , get treated like crap by an old pilgrim (maybe it was his sideburns that made me think of a pilgrim) , drink funky soda, wait forever for your food, then get hozed by the center city prices even though you are in the wasteland..then the Sardine Bar is exactly where you want to go!
After only two drink-only visits to American Sardine bar, I've determined that I like them. A lot. 

The first visit was after the "South Philly Run the Lights" event. After a 3 mile run, American Sardine bar was the location for the after party. Given they don't close off the streets every day, but it was nice of them to allow for a little block party and even nicer of them to sell all of their PBC beers at $3 a pop. They were festively decorated for the season as well. 

The second visit was for their "California Dreamin'" beer event. They had a killer selection of brews from Cali that are a little hard to find normally in these parts. If only they had the Alesmith Hawaian Speedway, Almanac Mandarina Sour, and Bruery Mischief (just to name a few) on tap every day! I didn't eat, but the food ordered by others looked good. My group had a table inside and our servers stayed on top of our orders throughout the evening. I went outside to hang out with a different group of friends and our server had no problem keeping track of my order and bill it to the appropriate table. For this event they had the fire pits going again and the outside patio was still festively decorated. 

It's a little out of the way to become a regular stomping ground for me, however I wouldn't hesitate to return for any future special events.
What is up with this place!? Holy crap it's awesome. Honestly, I didn't think anyone would drool over grilled cheese and onion rings but American Sardine Bar made me do just that. We each ordered a main dish and a side and shared bites here and there of each others food. We passed around big bowls of spicy brussel sprouts, onion rings and french fries with pickle dipping sauces. Not a complaint from any of us... we were too busy stuffing our faces. The beers on tap looked good and reasonably priced, and the jukebox played some chill tunes. It's small and dimly lit but the atmosphere is cool and laid back. The bar goes on forever so it can accommodate quite a few folks. And let's not forget about the service! friendly as can be and helpful. When I asked if they had ciders and they didn't, the waitress suggested something else for me that was just lovely. I love this place and now I know why my friends brought me there after having just been there 3 days earlier. It would totally be my neighborhood hangout if I lived there too :)
The last time we went to American Sardine bar it was raining cats and dogs. So, we took a cab, like fancypantses. When we told the driver the 18th & Federal, he immediately responded, "Oh the sardine bar!" with great interest. Right you are, m'good man. Annnd we proceeded then to talk about sardines the entire cab ride. cause he'd never tried sardines and he had questions. More questions than you might expect about sardines, to be frank. Well, have I got a place for you, cab driver.

Fresh sardines they got. Every whicha way. Wouldn't it be wack weak sauce if with a name like their's if they didn't? Now, I like sardines plenty, but this husband of mine just loves them. I mean, really. It must be some kinda requisite thing that big, burly mountain men lookin muthas gotta love eatin whole fish of all sizes and leavin their bony fish carcasses picked clean like the work of some cartoon alley cat. I don't know, it just seems to fit. Good thing I can get down like that too. Dig them lil fishes.

Dig the tiny $2 sandwiches, but the whole sardines are the faves. Dig the baked variety that serves them simmered in a tangy tomato sauce. Dig them grilled with Greek flavors, dig them a la plancha and accompanied by different sorts of fruit salsas. I don't think that I'm imagining that every time we've ordered them that way, a different fruit has been up in the mix. One time it was mango, one time peach, the last time it was plums and Thai basil. And it was dope. Unexpectedly really so dope. I never woulda thought of that concoction, and with sardines no less. Killah.

Talking about sardines so much is making me start to feel kinda unhinged, or sardine savant, or something. Like, I'm starting to be concerned that if anyone's reading this they're likely thinking..."OK. Enough about the sardines!" Stop judging me. I'm now uncomfortable. *Starts screaming: Sardines! Vitamins like B12! Omega 3's! Garbled crazy ranting! Sardines!*
 
Ahem. So, if sardines don't do it for you, another favorite thing about ASB is that their happy hour (4-6pm M-F) features half off all canned beers. A fine, fine selection of em too. This is a real draw. In addition, I never leave this place without ordering their crispy hand-cut shoestring salt & pepper fries. Generous amounts of these fries come your way in a white bowl, and they're served with an dill pickle dip that is nothing short of addictive. Good snackin with can after can of crafty beers. Oh you can get comfortable in that long skinny bar. They have an outdoor area now too. I enjoyed that this Summer, I did.

Also! This joint makes one of the top vegetarian cheese steaks that I've tried anywhere. Is goood... but I haven't seen it on the menu for a while. A long while. Perhaps I just keep missing it though, like I have some kinda odd bad luck in missing it. Maybe it's up on the board constantly, except when I come a-callin'. Whadda I know? Sardines.

And another thing: I'm a fool for a good old jukebox, and that they have. It's a favorite around town for me, I tell you. Tops. It's great. There's some David Bowie, Stiff Little Fingers, Stone Roses, Mission of Burma, Wire ( I mean really, I LOVE Wire and when the Hell do you ever hear Wire on a jukbox?! Well, whenever I find one around with Chairs Missing, that's when.), The Ramones, Descendants, Adolescents, Joy Division, The Cramps, Meat Puppets, Dead Milkmen, Funkadelic, The Dead, and even some Leonard Cohen... I mean, really! Good job with the juke, my sardine people. Love it so.

American Sardine Bar was on my never-ending mental list of places to try for well over a year. When the place would come up in conversation, as all we do is talk about food and bars and Philly places to go, I'd always say, "Oh yeah, American Sardine Bar, that's on my list to try." More than a few times I was met with the response, "Well put it on yo short list." So we finally got there, some months ago now, and have happily returned again and again. American Sardine Bar finds itself now on yet another of my habitual lists. It's easily on of my favorite Philly bars. It's on the short list, fo sho.
I rarely do this...especially because I'm in the industry, and absolutely despise Yelp.  But, I feel as though my experience at this establishment warrants a quick trip down complain lane.   

We arrived around 9:30 this past Saturday, and we had a wait for the outside patio.  No problem.  We waited about the time we were quoted--EXCELLENT! The cocktails at the bar while we waited were good enough.  Everything was going well. 

We were seated outside, and upon being seated, it took quite a while for someone to come over to us.  No biggie. We had good friends and company, and were still finishing up drinks from the bar.  The outside was clearly slammed, so I understand waiting.  

When our server did come up to us, he seemed very annoyed at us for no reason.  Ok...maybe he's busy and had a rough night.  We were just hungry and ready to chow down on some great food and drink another few rounds of drinks.  

We begin ordering our food, and our server stops us midway because he hadn't brought anything over to our table to write down our order with, and he realized we were actually ordering more than 2 plates.  We had a party of 6, and each of us was ordering multiple plates.  We were still continuing to order drinks, etc.  Nothing seemed to be good enough for our server to realize we were good guests, ordering lots of food and drinks, and would potentially tip very well.  We were a dream table to some people. But it's like we were a burden to him for ordering things.  Hey dude...that's your job. If you don't like your job, get a new one. If you don't like the hospitable nature of the hospitality industry....then please kindly leave.  

When it came time to leave, we were very rudely instructed to get the fuck out. Or go inside to finish our last round of drinks that had literally just arrived.  We respectfully chugged our cocktails, got up to leave, and upon leaving, the busser came up behind us and said, "yeah, get the f*ck outta here".  Ok, no.  We were just given last call. Ordered a round of drinks. And then told to get the F out 10 minutes later. We were leaving, and had already been treated so rudely throughout most of our stay.  

Needless to say, everything about our experience here was shitty besides the food. The food was pretty good.  Nothing I would go crazy over.  And certainly nothing so good I would return for service that is not only subpar, but one of the most unwelcome experiences I've ever had in a restaurant.
As a guy who purchased a home in Point Breeze I must say I'm excited to have ASB in the hood.  It's a quick walk for me and all my friends that live here too.  The food seems to have gotten better recently.  I had a pulled pork sandwich last night that was pretty stellar.  It's a decent place to go for sure.  

Here's the downsides.  
1. Seriously just fix the front door.  Get out a planer and shave the bottom of the door and put an arm on the top so it closes.  Every time the people come in or leave the door stays open causing the artic air to come in.  People get mad (I've seen customers cursing at each other over this) Inevitably a customer has to get up and close the door. 
2.  Everybody complains about the menu locations.  We get it, you don't want to print out new menus everyday because the menu changes.  You have to get up and walk to menus which are written on the wall.  They won't put menus above the bar because the owner "likes the mirrors to much".  Restaurants are all about convenience.  
3.  You don't get fries with any sandwich you order.  They must be ordered separately.   This may be the only place in Philly where you don't get fries.  For a $10 pulled pork sandwich that feels kind of like a rip.  Take a hint from Side Car and give people the option of fries, salad, or a little of both.
I honestly don't like to give bad reviews, and I'm in service industry so it pains me to do this, but the employees and regulars made the last hour of service this Friday night an awful experience. The bartender gave my friend attitude for ordering a beer and asking him where it was on display to serve (why is this my friend's job?) and THREW my boyfriend's credit card IN HIS FACE when he was asked for his card. They meant his driver's license, and apparently the misunderstanding of which card they wanted was enough to fling his card. Excellent service. 

The aide to the bartender gave me immense attitude for asking for a water (after I tipped over 20% on my purchase) and also didn't communicate to me that the bartender was getting me change. She delivered the drink to me after I gave a $20 bill, and I was understandably confused about where the change was. I waited patiently and asked her "sorry, but where is my change?", and she continued the attitude and told me "I can't give you the change for that, the bartender is doing it right now". That's completely fine, just communicate to me and don't treat me like crap when I ask nicely.

To cap it off, I called an Uber for my boyfriend and walked him outside. I was unaware that the door didn't close behind me when I left because I have never been in the establishment and I've never left a place where the door didn't close behind me. Ten seconds after walking him out, I came back to a regular jeering at me with the bartender's aide grinning behind the bar supporting him and all of the other regulars in his group. I said "Oh sorry, I didn't realize the door didn't close behind me" and continued getting ragged on by the crowd.

I don't know if my visit was influenced by being there in the last hour of service, or if it was because we haven't been there before, but as a new visitor on a weekend day, I felt extremely unwelcome, felt that I was treated rudely by staff, and will not be coming back at any point to patronize the bar. Don't know if the staff was having an off night, but please realize that is a possible experience for people that don't normally attend your bar.
I came here twice within a week.  This is unheard of for me.  The second time I was here, I declared "our new go to spot".  I didn't have an old go to spot.  

So far, I've had (or tried someone else's):
-Shrimp torta: good, however drippy messy
-Sardine sliders: good, I wish it was a whole sandwich but perhaps the small size is to leave you wanting more and not being overwhelmed by too much sardines.
-Salt and Pepper fries:  At first you wonder what's special.  By the bottom of the bowl, you wonder how you finished it all so quickly
-Open Face chicken sandwich: nice and hearty
-Fried PB&J: Hell yeah
-Falafel: surprisingly big.  I'd get it again.
-Mom's tomato macaroni side:  I could probably just eat this as a main
-Tomato soup: Not your bisque kind but a nice chunky puree of tomatoes.  I prefer this
Other people had but I didn't try:
- Pork Belly Sandwich
-Short Rib Sandwich

It's one of those places you hope do well but at the same time, you hope not too many people find out about it.  Their prices are great, the portions are huge, the place is cute and cozy, there's plenty of parking, and the beer selection is exceptional.  

After writing this review, I foresee a third visit within the week.
To say American Sardine Bar is merely "haute stoner food" is like saying Catherine Zeta-Jones is merely a beautiful woman.  While it may be true, it's just part of the story.  American Sardine Bar is an awesome pub with excellent food, great decor and a place that I want to spend more time at.

A few Yelpers and I descended upon this new Point Breeze haunt for a sampling of the menu and the bar as a whole.  We can be a loud and talkative bunch but we had many moments of utter silence as we were thoroughly blown away by the food.  It was really that delicious.

Our menu sampling included brussel sprouts (holy hell, get these), onion rings, falafel sandwich (delicious), fried PB&J, grilled cheese (wow) and the pork sandwich (still dreaming about that)

I have to give a moment to the brussels.  Oyster sauce and pickled chilis.  We debated for most of the evening on how they were cooked but suffice to say, they are amazing.

The walls are a deep red, somewhere between blood and maroon.  The chalkboards serve to neatly display the specials and at the same time, let you know that they change stuff up a lot.  This place strives to keep it local and keep it fresh.

If I remember right, about 18 beers on tap.  All of them poignant selections and will go greatly with your food.

The service staff was highly accommodating, super nice and even gave me the wifi password so I could work from the bar.  (I was on call, no way around it)

This place is seriously top notch.
Oh this was a fun place to check out! I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys a hipster atmosphere and enjoys big portions of food. I didn't order food but my friend did. 

Their Old Fashioned's are huge and very strong. Be careful. 

Their menus happen to be written on the walls in chalk. It was really hard for me to see, hence why I didn't order food. It's pretty dark in there.
You can almost hear the screams of the "SAVE POINT BREEZE" committee as they wake in their bed; dripping in sweat.
These pioneers strapped their can to a south Philly corner, armed with a nice beer list and the best onion rings in the city.
Comfort food is showcased. Personally, I tried grilled cheese(tomato and onion), tomato mac and cheese (seems like a perfect winter lunch) fries and pork sandwhich. All were very tasty, but the onion rings were the cat's pajamas.
The bar is new and sleek and the jukebox is Indie to say the least. The bartenders were friendly and efficient, with knit cap and beards to remind you that this is a sister bar to SPTR.
I did not try the sardines. I will never try the sardines. I understand if you discount this review on that bases alone.
But as I said to my seal friend," when was the last time you ordered onion rings".
2 beers + 1 sardine* order = $7.66

No my math is not wrong and no I am not crazy.  You are crazy!  Crazy for not going to ASB's happy hour every day (M-F 4-6, Sa & Su 11-1).  Half priced cans.  Half priced selection of food.  Ahhhmazing.

*If you are like me, you think sardines are teeny teeny tiny.  You are wrong.  ASB is the land of huge sardines.  No, not like tuna fish huge, but like sardines on steroids huge.  Who knew???
You should make the "scary" trek south of Washington Ave. to check this place out. And here are a few reasons why:

1. Happy hour includes half price cans. The thing is, their can list is extensive and exquisite. Yes, I just used the word exquisite to describe canned beer. It is, I promise. Anecdote: they had one of my favorite tripels and I had three of them. For $9. I can barely remember the rest. 

2. Their food: not an extensive menu but hot damn. Anything that says you can get it "Pittsburgh style" you should do it. I didn't know what this meant until I came to this bar. It means you get a GIANT pile of shoestring french fries and cole slaw on top of your sandwich. It's like a meal in itself

Other items that make me remember them:
Falafel - whatever sauce their using is da bomb
French Fries with dill pickle dip - I like pickles a little too much. Oh, you can order an actual pickle too.
Onion Rings - big, fluffy battered & again with the freakin sauce!
Veggie cheesesteak - do it

3. It's a cool spot, cool servers, and has a great vibe. There is always this "Jerry Garcia" character at the bar who is interesting. Say hi if you see him. 

Next time, I guess I gotta get the sardines.
American Sardine Bar offers really good and unique comfort food at affordable prices, in addition, their outdoor dining space is absolutely lovely.

The massive fish cake sandwich I had here was everything y'all. I was going to get it prepared standard until our server (who was also looking like a delicious snack). Conviced me to get it "Deez Style" where they add french fries and their signature relished based fry dipping sauce. Best Decision I made while dining in Philly.  It was definately a 5 star expierence.
My husband and I went to this bar for dinner on a Friday night. We were drawn in by the promise of ample amounts of canned beer and an awesome selection of gourmet sandwiches. 

I was pleasantly surprised by the environment, and sat down to have a great Stout on draft. Upon actually looking at the canned beer selection, it was ok. Same with the draft list. Same with the menu. 

We ordered drinks, had the most perfect Brussel sprouts As a starter, then each if us ordered soup. For a restaurant that is known for their soup and sandwiches we were intensely underwhelmed. $7 for a portion of soup that was ridiculously small.  Not to mention, I had the cream of broccoli, and you could tell the actual broccoli was an afterthought.  Both soups were very watered down and just not great. 

For a main to share, we got the falafel sandwich. It was HUGE. No one person could eat this alone.  It was also ok. Best thing about the sandwich was the pickle that they served on the side- that was epic. 

Definitely not impressed based on the the hype they received online. Best things of the night; Brussels and pickles. Beer selection less than average. Service way less than average. 


If skip it and go to the POPE.
I am not happy to bring you this review. I may need to give this neighborhood spot another try. 

Atmosphere is awesome, I give that a 5. Would totally be good for a few beers, a date, or catching a game.

Beer selection was also good. I enjoyed my IPA off the chalkboard menu.

Service is what brings me to 3 stars. Bartender was rude, inattentive, and not helpful. 

Take it or leave it...
Very cool spot. First time here and it felt like a great neighborhood addition similar to something like a johnny brendas but in.... I don't even know what area that is... Point Breeze? I'm never in this area so because of ASB I'm going to have to scope it out a bit more!
(to the tune of "Fifteen" by Taylor Swift)

You take a deep breath and you walk through the doors
It's been another long, hard day
You say "Hi" to the bartender you haven't seen in a while
Hang your jacket so it's out the way.
Cuz you want a beer, want to sit on your rear
For the next hour or two
Hoping one of those bowls of fries is gonna make it to your plate
You know, the tasty salty fries that you adore...

Order a SARDINE and maybe a grilled cheese, maybe two
You better believe me
Order a sardine
Don't ask questions, just enjoy the taste in your mouth.
Count to ten, take it in,
Maybe you'll realize how tasty it's gonna be....
Sardine.

Sardine, Fifteen, who's counting? But you really could spend many a visit here, never order a single sardine, and enjoy the hell out of yourself. Solid happy hour, incredible outdoor seating for summer nights and spring afternoons. The brussels sprouts are insanely delicious and became a point of contention at dinner (mostly just who was going to eat the last bite!) The menu is full of tasty little surprises. Sweet bologna sliders, the pickle dip that comes with the fries (but that you should put on everything), and the sardine sammy (for those who wanna ease into the sardine experience).... The price is right, the vibe is fantastic, and it's a gem in an area where spots like this are few and far between.
There aren't a ton of restaurants in Point Breeze, but even if there were I'd still like this place. They have generous outdoor seating (great place to chill if you have a dog with you), and a very laid back vibe. The menu itself as  written down is a little vague, but I asked our server lots of questions about what was in what and what would be safe for my allergies, and he was super cooperative and helpful. The portions for some of the food (basket of pepper fries, fried chicken sandwich, an entire whole pickle) are HUGE, but some things (any of the soups, salad) are actually a little small for what the price is. They have a decent beer list and we go here for happy hours often. 
If you're in the neighborhood, definitely worth dropping by.
I wanted to like this less because it's so far from my house, but one bit into my pulled pork sandwich and I knew Sardine Bar was something special.  

No TV, only one sardine on the menu, sandwiches don't come with sides.  No menus, only chalkboards.

Goodish beer list (Amazing elsewhere, average-good for PHL), nice long bar.

Worth a stop if you're in the hood.
Gotta keep the 5 stars rolling on this one. 

Went last night and had the Pittsburgh Cheesesteak ($12). It was pretty massive... stuffed to the gills. The steak itself was decent meat cooked very well... slightly strong on black pepper and smothered in white american. Finely diced (VERY finely... kudos)  thoroughly cooked onions on a pretty soft/doughy roll (usually not my thing, but it works for this behemoth). next comes a layer of thin (not quite shoestring) fries that are laid to rest under a blanket of cole slaw. It's a pretty outstanding sandwich.

Was digging this place so much that I went back today for lunch. I ordered a sardine sandwich ($2) and the pork sandwich ($8). The sardine sandwich was prepared similar to a tuna salad. The ingredients were fresh and the sardine adds a nice but very subtle oily fish funk.

The superstar by far was the pork sandwich. Freaking phenomenal... period. Slow-cooked pork (shoulder?) pulled/shredded and crispy at the corners/ends. It's seasoned well (again slightly strong on black pepper). The meat alone is pretty divine... but then there's the white spread... some kind of mayo meets horseradish meets boursin creation. This combined with the perfectly prepared pork is simply divine. ...And then there's the bread. it's served on a ciabatta... a cibatta that is grilled to the point that it's almost a pretzel... but not quite. It's hard & crunchy on the edges but still soft and firm underneath. It's perfect. Cook it any harder and it's a hockey puck... any less and it's just like anywhere else. They brushed it amply with oil before putting it on the heat and the crispy inside face of the roll holds retains good bit of the oil. Makes for the perfect texture to liven up the tender pork & spread mixture it surrounds.

Almost forgot about the beer... great prices... like really great prices. Kenzinger is $3. All kinds of craft brews for $4.50/$5.

Bottom line... go here. (and there is always parking down around that way)
ASB was worth every cent of my $11 Uber ride from Fairmount.

Motivated by their California-centric brew event, our group of ~10 [Yelpers and friends] arrived and settled into a big booth next to the bar. For the next few hours, we managed to order most of the beers on their special list (Hey pretty Almanac! Love you, Ballast Point and Alesmith!) while also getting a taste of their regular food menu.

I went with the pulled pork sandwich. Definitely not my usual meal choice, but theirs was pretty interesting in its own way. As Steph S. put it, the sandwich somehow paralleled a cheesesteak in taste. I liked it!

After eating, some of us went outside for a bit. It was a cool night, their fire pits were ablaze and the bar was decorated colorfully with classic lights. So nice.

Point Breeze isn't a neighborhood I visit all too often, but I'd be happy to return and explore more of ASB's menu and draft choices in the future!
Great bar in the neighborhood! Awesome beer list. The one time I was craving wine and ordered it, that was a mistake. It was just ok. But def a place for beer. Had a couple of their snacks which were great. Obviously if you're a fan of sardines, it's the place to go. They have them served different styles. Small in the inside. But they have a great patio when it's warm.
Nice spot been around for a few year now... 6 year maybe 
Always like coming to this spot I'm a craft beer type of chic and they have it all
After looking at some other reviews that were posted I'm glad to know I'm not the only one that the chef has hand picked to harass via the internet.  

I can't stand this joint.
Went here for Happy Hour with friends.  I have heard good things, so I wanted to see for myself.   You can see it is a cool neighborhood spot with regulars handing out.  They had a good beer selection which is why I wanted to visit.  The eclectic food choices were interesting too.  

We ordered up the salt & pepper fries; grilled broccoli and mac & cheese.  Everything would've been good if the food was hot when served - it was room temperature and that was not cool.  I have no comment on the Mac & Cheese - it was microwaved Kraft Shells & Cheese...Really?  

I wouldn't put this on my list to visit again - if I was in the area - may stop in for some beer, but not any food.  

I would've given it 2 stars - but I feel the beer choices and vibe of the place knocks it up to 3 stars.
"Do you come here often?" Yes. The ASB is a second home for most of its patrons, including me. What is home without family? It's a perfect place to bring anyone, or bump into your favorite regulars. I am not a beer drinker, but I am well aware that they have a well-curated, ever-changing selection. Their city-wide specials are superb. My husband prefers the Snuffler with a shot of tequila. I generally go for the vodka club if I am just being basic, or a sour beer to fill up my belly so that maybe I won't eat everything on the menu. 
     The food menu, to me, is such a delight! They have something for everyone--looking at you vegans and GFers! The fries are totally satisfying and that dill dip will make you forget about the way ketchup made you feel. The onion rings --HUGE! The wings--get your own! The Sammies--never had one that disappointed. In the summer, my go-to is the Lancaster Tomato Sandwich ($3) and taste just like the one someone else's grandma used to make you. See, it IS LIKE HOME! [Also, I am from Lanc! Left on Rumspringa and never looked back]. And they don't call it the Sardine Bar for nuthin (say it like "nuttin"; I didn't want to spell it like that in the official review but in the parenz is fine), this bar serves the namesake fishy: THE SARDINE. Locals only, bite the head. 
     But wait! There's more! Go on the weekend morns and get yaself some brunch stuff! Brunch menu also has something for everyone--looking at you guy who mixed whiskey with wine and high life and tequila and more beer. For that guy, there's the hangover fries, for everyone else there's everything else! But you can get hangover fries even if you're not hungover. It's a judgement free zone. 
     Which brings me to my next point, I know I said it's like home, and I stand by that. But it's not like Cheers, where everybody knows your name. It's better because nobody knows your name because no one really cares who you are, or why you're there--like the surgeon who goes there for lunch and takes two shots with a beer and goes back to whatever hospital he came from, maybe Hahnemann. I mean we all "know" each other, and introduced ourselves over and over, but I can't even remember the bartender's name and he's such a dependable and amazing guy. In fact, they're all great! Now, don't get all butthurt if the bartenders don't have a 2 hour conversation about your sad, sorry life; they are busy people, taking individual care of each person in the place. It's not all about you all the time. And don't take it personally if the manager lady, gives you a stink eye. She don't know you from Adam, and she is protecting the rest of us. 
     Finally, please go to any length to avoid this bar during the hours of 4-6PM on weekdays, especially Fridays. I need a seat at the bar and I need my dude to get in a happy hour food order at 5:59PM. And be sure to say "hi" to my fav regular, Colin, at the end of the bar. Oh and follow @ronnietheroadie on IG (this is an unpaid endorsement).
I'm super conflicted about Sardine Bar now. Comfortably situated in the hood of South Philly, Sardine Bar showed up (in a good way). I really enjoy the menu switching up on a day to day basis and the craft beer available written in chalk on the wall.
But this time my brief experience was not so great. I've dined at Sardine Bar later in the evening hours on more than one occasion, but this time i was denied service.

I've also had brunch [That was a nightmare]. I sat at a table arguing with the waiter about scrambling my eggs. I was told that only the scrambled eggs come on a sandwich. I ordered a platter which included eggs...but seemed impossible to have the kitchen simply whip them and put them on a plate...rather than on bread. Yea that was an entire argument. Disgusted.

But tonight i decided to leave my purse in the car and walk over to Sardine [my mistake]. Dining with my wife, i left my wallet in the car too. Its 6:30pm in the afternoon. I walked in and got a seat. The waiter comes over; after he offered the table, and asks myself and my wife what we'd like to drink. We ask for beer, and then he asked us for id. Becuse we werent carded before we didnt expect to be carded now. But thats policy, i get it. But what bothered me and her so much is that we were told that we couldn't eat there after being sat...Yea we both left our ID's in my car but to be told that we now must have id to eat is absurd. Especially at 6:30 in the freakin afternoon! At  this point i am confused.  Even after i mentioned that i dont need a drink, i just want dinner...we were told no. The waiter seemed confused, didnt really know what to say, or how to reply. All of his answers seemed to be coming off of the top of his head. I then suggested that if this was "the sardine law" now, why not have a bouncer sitting at the door asking for ID? Waiter still confused. I asked if it was written down somewhere...no reply. 
The manager Joe, informed me that they start carding after 9:30pm by state law. I walked into Sardine bar at 6:30. I call to clarify this backwards information, and Joe seems to have forgotten what he told me...and as a matter of fact...the state-law became more lenient by the time i called back...apparently they card on a case by case basis. 
I will not be back. Sardine bar plays by their own rules. Not in the best interest of the guests. Their service is in between if you catch a good waiter, otherwise prepare to be ignored or denied service at 6:30 in the afternoon without id...which they only check on a case by case basis...technically breaking the law.
Sardine Bar attracts a certain crowd...and if you dont fit in...brace yourself. Its a local neighborhood bar...but not for all neighbors.
By the way...i am 30, my partner is 33.
The thought of sardines conjures images of tin cans with little keys (a la the gigantor one hanging above the entrance to ASB) and tiny fish packed in oil. The sardines here are to the ones in the can as Jamie Lannister is to his brother Tyrion (if you get that reference, you're OK in my book). We ordered a few, and they were really awesome. I would guess that they are about 6-8 inches in size, and perfectly grilled and charred. The best part is the toppings they come with, such as a mango relish or jalapenos. Throw in some tabasco and you've got yourself a pretty unique plate. 

The beer selection here is also very good. I recommend trying the American Sardine Ale, which was brewed especially for ASB by Manayunk Brewing. Don't worry: it's not a sardine beer! If you're not into that, they have tons of other creative beer picks, lots of them in cans. 

The decor is a no-frills, ultra-casual sort of feel, just like many of the taphouse/gastropubs that have been opening up around the city. We were there at an off hour (2pm on a Friday, I think), so not sure if the crowd was representative of other times, but it was mostly construction-worker dudes hanging out. They were nice enough and joked around with us asking us if we were lost. I get the sense that lots of locals hang here and are cool with the visitors. 

If you're in the neighborhood, I would def recommend stopping in for a beer and some sardines (which I realize is a pretty bizarre recommendation to make!).
Hipster bullshit.

Yes, the sardines were pretty good. Duck cubano was *atrocious* - poor balance of flavors, and the oil they used was actually rancid. There's no excuse for that.

The server was utterly unhelpful, they have no menus which forces you to try to squint awkwardly over someone's table at a chalkboard, and the menu fails to describe the food (it's just a list). 

Wish it would have been better because the outside looks so inviting and it's a neighborhood place. But, I'd never go back. It was a joke of a restaurant.
Great neighborhood bar w good food, a Solid beer list with lots of local brews and a full bar.
Alright, so the new outdoor space is bea-youuuu-tiful. Sweet drankz, good eats, friendly staff and now a painfully pleasant place to sit outside on a summer night....you just can't go wrong here.
checked out the semi-soft opening yesterday.  been waiting for this place to open for a while. 

Same owner and chef as SPTR, so you know it's gonna be good.  

menu was nice american food for decent prices, 4-12$ tops for everything.  al a carte style menu with sandwiches, some sides, and some apps. 

We had the Jewish chicken noodle soup, pbc walt wit braised pork sammie, and the brussels sprouts with oyster sauce and thai bird chiles.  also tried the sardine sandwiches.

the soup was really packed with thick noodles, chicken, and some dill, really good, like your jewish grandma made it good.  didn't even miss the matzo balls, made me want a second bowl.

the pork sandwich was a winner too, great roll, pork was tender and just the way you want it.

brussels sprouts was also a great dish, carmelized in a pan with the oyster sauce bringing the umami and the thai chile giving them some heat.

I am not usually a sardine fan but the sardine sandwiches were tasty, kind of like SPTR's head cheese tacos in terms of size and price--small but only a buck a piece, a nice little snack to wash down with some beers.

Other food we saw that looked decent would be the fries and the onion rings--especially the onion rings--gotta have those next time we go.

We were a bit disappointed that there wasn't a large Turkey leg special, but maybe that is coming...

This bar being related to SPTR and BREW, they had a nice beer list at affordable prices lots of top craft brands (local and not)--my favorite part being the Kenzinger for 3$.  can't beat that.

The bar has a really nice upstairs area with a small stage, looks very cool.  bathrooms were nice, whole interior is classy, they did a great job with the extant elements and the design touches they added complement what was there already rather than looking too fake or thought out.

This was a soft opening, they were up and running, but not quite finished yet, so I am sure most of this stuff will get taken care of before the "real" opening:

bar had no sound system yet, jukebox supposed to get installed.  bar had no bike racks, those are on order, not sure if they putting in TVs or not, place is nice without them, but you need some flyers and phils, since they ain't officially open they still had the paper on the windows, so it was dark in there when it will be nice to see the street.

There were a lot of pioneers in the place when we visited, many of them been waiting a while for the place to open since they will now have a local.  pretty sure this will push the frontier a little further just as SPTR did down in Newbold.
Best vegetarian cheesesteak I've had yet, and I've tried a good number of options around the city and the burbs. Vegan meat, grilled mushrooms, non-vegan cheese, on a fresh, crusty roll. Go there. Get one. That is all.
First off, it is awesome that this place is in this neighborhood. It's the closest bar to my house now, it's cozy in there, and I am stoked about that. Welcome! I hope more bars like you show up soon!

Beer list is crafty and solid and changes frequently. Cool. Onion rings and fries (with pickle sauce!) are perfect to share. The tomato macaroni (helpfully described by our waitress as "macaroni...with tomato on it") is more like mac n cheese than pasta and marinara; it's good comfort food. Pickles are garlicky and kinda spicy and really tasty.

I have had awesome luck with cruciferous vegetables here: a firey kale soup (there are always two soups and one of them is vegetarian, much appreciated) is exactly what I want to eat when it's 35 degrees and grey outside, and brussels sprouts are rich with butter and spicy chilis. Not so great luck with sandwiches - the grilled cheese is a gooey mess with stringy onions, and the fried PBJ needs more PBJ guts to stand up to the breaded bread on the outside. I have heard good things about the (vegan) falafel so that's next on my list!

It gets loud in here, and some part of our order has been forgotten every time I've visited. I don't mind the chalkboards in lieu of menus, but I feel for the servers, who must repeat the chicken sandwich ingredients 138 times per shift. I think this place could be great with a little more attention to detail (I was gonna say "spit and polish" but...ew). As it stands, though, I have a feeling I'll be back for beer and soup pretty much all the time.
This is my second time here. Great food, great service. Cheeseburger fries, need I say more?
I'd give this place less if I could. I live so close it should be my go-to place. I just don't get the hype. The menu is awful - I've been there and have been unable to find something on the menu I remotely want to eat and settle for something lame like soup. The beer list is pretentious and the bar itself is drab. This place is overrated. I just don't get it.
Awesome awesome bar. Great bear selection, lots of beers that you don't really see in other bars. Tried the fried sardines and they were delicious ($4 each, good size). Service was probably the best service I have ever had here in philly. They gave us great beer recommendations, were happy to talk about the different beers they had and when my friend accidentally spilled his beer they got him another one right way and were super quick to clean our table. One of the best bars I've been to in philly. Just note the place is pretty chilled. Go there to hang with friends or on a date, but don't expect a partying crowd.
Booze and sandwiches
Putting Point Breeze on the map
A neighborhood must

Got the chance to check out The Sardine a little before the opening, and damn am I glad there's an alternate bar in the Point Breeze area. Meaning an alternate to not going to a bar at all.

This place has an awesome atmosphere, very warm and inviting without the glow of a television bathing the whole room. The bar-length mirror reflects the candlelight as well as the street lights and really gives the place a friendly glow.

There are a few little accents in the room that really make the whole place feel accessible. The bar is huge, and there's standing room and small rail seats along the whole length of the windows, so plenty of room for any size group. The upstairs looks promising, and should mean the place won't be jammed to the rafters all the time.

The beer list is really well put together, with a good mix of local brews. I love talking about beer with people, and the fact that the list is numbered actually made it really easy to reference with out table. Something I hadn't considered previously but actually made a difference.

I'm giving the place 5 stars based on the ambiance, setup and beer alone. I can't wait to go back and try all the different sandwiches. It's a staple variety of food in my diet and the whole menu sounds really amazing. I didn't even notice that there's no burger until it was pointed out, because I was so focused on all the other delicious sounding items.

The Sardine really has an inviting neighborhood vibe. Couple that with a great selection on the booze and food, and you have a pretty spot on combination of what I'm looking for in a bar.
Go for the bar, not the food.  I had been once before for drinks and it is clean and great when their big windows are open.  

However, last night I was looking forward to the gastropub food menu but unfortunately left unsatisfied.  We started with a fried sardine, not the small ones you may be thinking of.  I like fish but wasn't crazy about it, but I think that is more of a personal preference. 

Then I ordered the falafel sandwich and was it was more dry than the Sahara Desert.  I was so disappointed with the tasteless dry falafel that I only had one out of the five that come with it.  The sandwich was huge, the pita and sauce and cucumber salad were good, but the sandwich was named after the worst part.

My boyfriend had the fried chicken sandwich which was good, but was a little too salty to eat the entire thing.

Overall, nice bar to grab drinks but the food is too expensive to not deliver quality taste.
My first yelp review ever. I cannot think of a place I was looking forward to going to so much and was so disappointed. From the waiter making us change tables twice in case a larger group came in, to not cutting the sandwhich in half to preserve the presentation, to giving me a phone number to a cab company when I asked them to call us a cab after the meal. 

Went there last night after reading about it in the best of Philadelphia Magazine. Asked the waiter for the signature dishes and he went through the Sardines & beer menu. When I asked about the "best Cheesesteak" he acknowledged it and said they only had two left. I said give one to me! Lots of salt and pepper fries, cole slaw but "where's the beef"? The Mag review said: "quality beef piled to the rafters". After digging through the slaw and fries there was literally not enough beef to cover one side of the bun..... it looked liked they took the beef from the two they had left and tried to stretch it into 5 sandwiches. Brought it to the attention of the waiter and he just smiled and said, "yeah".  No apology, no "can I get you something else", nothing! 

I am not sure who I am more upset with this experience?  The Mag for picking it or the restaurant for the unbelievable poor sandwich. I'm going with the Mag. How many times did you go there? Did they know you were reviewing the place? Most "best of lists" (e.g. SF Chronicle Best of) use at least three independent visits over a period of time. After this debacle your Magazine's credibility for recommendations is shot. I'll stick with John's truck across the street from the old Crowne Plaza for Cheesesteaks and a reliable cab driver for restaurant recommendations.
Fun dive bar right in the middle of the neighborhood. We were staying at an Airbnb right across the street, so came here for dinner. I was impressed at their beer selection. My husband and I split the Cuban sandwich and it was melt-in-your mouth delicious! The people next to us were salivating over it, lol. They had gotten the grilled cheese and confirmed it was good. We should have gone back again but went instead to a different neighborhood restaurant about a half mile away from here that wasn't so good...oh well.
I sort of feel like I don't have the energy to write this review but I think that somewhat sums up my dining experience at American Sardine Bar. I've been here once before, a few years back when they first opened. It's somewhat what I remember. Interesting style but lacks in execution. It appears that the outside area was being serviced by one server only. I have patience and compassion for that but when she goes missing all through service but is extremely prompt in returning to our table to gather our payment 3 times in less than 15 minutes after she dropped the check, it's a bit off -putting. I ordered chicken for my salad and I didn't get it but when she was informed of the error she said,"I don't think you ordered chicken so I'm sorry you didn't get it".  PS I  DID order chicken. Anyway, my salad was decent (minus the chicken), the salt and pepper fries were delicious and the sardines in theory sound cool but really they just taste fishy and I was aware of the panicky feeling I had thinking I was going to choke on a bone. They have a great outside patio and on a warm night it's a nice place to be. So I'm giving it the A -okay rating.
I'm kicking myself for not having gone here earlier even though I bookmarked the American Sardine Bar a really long time ago.  The have delicious fish prepared four different ways with seasonal ingredients, tasty sandwiches with veggie options, and a list of interesting beers on draft.  What's not to like?!  

My favorite preparation of the sardines are the grilled ones.  This last time they had pickled strawberries on them which were vinegary and go along well with the strong salty fish.  The skin gets a little crispness from the grill.  Planche ones (cooked in a cast iron skillet) are good too, but the skin doesn't get as crisp.  I did enjoy the shallot topping though.  The toppings change, so be sure to ask before you order.  You can also get your sardines deep fried or pan fried.

I find that two sardines and a side is enough for my dinner unless I'm really hungry.  The salt and pepper fries are huge and the dill dip is tasty.  However, the fries are your typical shoe string fries that just don't do it for me.  I'm a much bigger fan of the grilled green beans with chili oil that I had recently. They were smoky and still nice and crisp.  

Not a sardine fan?  No worries!  My husband isn't either, but he's loved both sandwiches he got from here.  The veggie cheese steak was the best veggie cheese steak I've ever tasted.  They had pickled shallots in there which really gave it a boost.  The seitan was very well flavored. The fried chicken sandwich is just as impressive and is crispy and well-seasoned.  Keep in mind, the sandwiches don't come with sides, but they are so large, you probably won't need one.

What's most impressive about the beer list to me is that they always seem to have a sour and a cider on draft.  I guess my only complaint is that finding street parking in South Philadelphia isn't always easy, but it's completely worth it for some tasty fish and beer.
Small local bar with a cute outdoor space! There are lights strung up outside and in the spring and fall they light fire pits! The menu has a few core items (like their amazing beer mattered fries) but most things change every few weeks. They also have a rotating draft with a large selection of beers. I recommend the asparagus, it comes with an egg on it!
If you want diarrhea and to be berated by smug, entitled hipsters then this is the place for you. I'm sorry your art career didn't work out, but can you please not slam beers down on my cell phone? (yea, I'm talking to you, the ugly dark haired dude with the horrific black earrings who tends bar Friday nights and takes multiple cig breaks, leaving the packed bar unattended)

I live right down the street and I was pumped for this to be my new watering hole. I've given it multiple chances but it's just so bad. Food sucks, clientele sucks, staff sucks. Ain't nothing Philly about this place. Shut it down.
To the manchild bar boy who just stared blankly at me when I asked about a menu then walked over to his anti-establishment skater douche friends to make fun of me... grow up dude. I like this place and dont need your shit at the end of a long day of REAL work.  Im sorry to say that your lack of height is not the real reason people say that you never grew up. Im fairly certain its because you're stupid.

To the management, I dont remember his name because he mumbled it... but hes the short fair skinned one with dirty blonde hair and tattoos.  You should find better staff than this loser.

Ill be back anyway. Cool place to grab drinks.
Something about this place made me incredibly sad.  I work in Point Breeze and stopped in after work since I'd seen an ad in the paper and figured it was one of the closest places to grab a beer (usually I just hop right back on the sub, so I still don't know South Philly really well).  It's like...this weird, clean yupster utopia in the middle of a totally shot out crap neighborhood.  It just reeks of gentrification and redevelopment and it sucks that it's happening to yet another Philly 'hood.  I guess I fit in, but I feel like they would have had one hand on the panic button if my fiance had walked in with a hat pulled low. 

The bartenders seemed kind of standoffish.  The beer selection was ok, but Philly is a pretty good beer city so it didn't stand out as unique or special.  I just had an order of the salt and pepper fries, which were not hot and oddly, needed salt even though I'm not big on salt and rarely add it to anything I order in a restaurant (though the serving was super generous - they gave me a huge bowl full).  The Yelp-loved pickle mayo was good, but not as good as the raves I saw here.  I can make better at home.  I almost ordered a sardine sandwich.  I wasn't super hungry and I'm sorry I missed out - I love me a good sardine sandwich - though I was surprised they only had one sardine related item on the menu.  My last complaint?  They have both the menu and the beer list on chalkboards.  Which is totally fine, but instead of being easily readable from every seat in the bar, from my spot on the end I had to get up and stand in front of both menus to read them.  I dunno, maybe I need new glasses, but it wouldn't kill them to print a menu as well.

I like a good microbrew as much as the next person, but honestly I'd rather get a Bud Ice in a plastic bag from the corner deli and drink it on my way home next time I'm desperate for a drink after work.  I somehow don't mind the yupster vibe quite as much in Center City, but it bugs me here.
I don't think I usually give 5 stars to bars, but American Sardine was fantastic.  The dark interior with exposed wood, and chalkboard menus, plus cheap beers, and fantastic food adds up to a terrific experience all around.  

I met up with a few other yelpers to give American Sardine a try.  We shared a ton of food including: brussel sprouts, onion rings, fries, the pork sandwich, the grilled cheese, the falafel, and the fried PB&J.  The whole table enjoyed everything.  The real standouts were the brussel sprouts: very tender, but still had a nice char; the pork sandwich: pork with boursin spread is fabulous; and the fried PB&J was a nice sweet ending, definitely more of a dessert type item or at least something to share.  The dill sauce is a fabulous accompaniment to the fries and onion rings.  

I don't think I've ever been to Point Breeze before tonight, but will definitely be returning as often as possible.  We were pleasantly shocked by the bill considering the amount of food and drinks that were ordered.  American Sardine is absolutely worth the trip!
So a gay couple and their straight roomie walk into a bar....
That happens to be the best foodie place in the hood.
Just moved into the area and have been cleaning and painting our dwelling. We checked out this quasi foodie haven dive bar at the suggestion of a co-worker.
First off Sarah our Goddess Bartender was epic. Polite, friendly, but no bullshit and is a shining example of what every bartender should be. Quick refills, attentive, comforting, polite, and just naturally cute and inviting. Superb service skills. We've gone the last two nights and some of the food is downright amazing with a decent selection of craft beers. Think southwest Philly's Bishop's Collar with a twist and much better food and that's this jawn right here. Food we tried the cowboy chili, the Pittsburgh Cheesesteak (which isn't genuine but quite Frankly I think tastes better), Pork Meat Loaf Sandwich, Roasted chicken open face sandwich (omg so effin good think sos but with mom's homestylins), onion rings (best we've ever had), Nancy's buttered noodles (classic comfort food, delicious), fried ribs (why haven't I ever tried this before??!! Fantastic) and their Peanut Butter Chocolate Pretzel Sandwich (shut the front door and holy garbanzo beans that sandwich is like eating a "take five candy bar" only in sandwich form omfg that shit is amazeballs). 
Cons: Cowboy chili was good, the taste is there but it's kinda soupy and the texture is off, throw some more fixings in and top it off with some masa and it would be golden. The pork meatloaf sandwich was ok. I feel either the taste of the bbq sauce was off or there was too much of it or maybe both. Again a little tampering and this could be perfection. The menu is on a chalkboard which isn't easily eye accessible from every angle of the bar. I understand saving paper/trees/meaningless minutes wiping them down in the am (as I too have worked in the service industry) but it's super annoying to fight the crowd to take a gaze of tonight's fixings and I wasn't prepared that awesome epic Sarah would be able to repeat them exactly and didn't want to be an ass by assuming she would know them. Maybe put in another chalkboard menu near the door so those sitting there can see easier? And last but not least the crowd. I was actually very surprised that the workers there didn't want to do mortal combat battle against some of the patrons there who walked in the front door and did not so much as even glance to make sure the door closed behind them on a cold fall night. Patrons get your class together just because your in a place to be served doesn't mean you toss out all politeness and respect. 
Pros: Food is really great so far you can tell whoever is in charge is really passionate about what they do and uses quality ingredients that are fresh. Reasonably priced forthe most part. Beer selection is nice. And a very homey/punky feel to it. So far thisis a favorite of mine. Thank you staff at Sardine Bar, your effort and hardwork shows!! ; )
Grabbed the smothered pork torta and the onion rings. First, the torta itself is smothered in its entirety with more sauce on the plate itself. The sandwich wasn't drenched in it and was a unique twist to your typical torta to add flavor to what likely was a so-so bread. The pork was a bit on the dry side but not too bad. Try it while this torta is on the menu. Onion rings were as good as ever. Eat them while they are hot for that satisfying beer battered crunch.
This is probably one of my favorite places to eat and grab a drink in South Philly. The food is AMAZING. Their fries are to die for, and the sardine sandwich is always a must. You literally can't go wrong - I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered from their menu!
I've been to South Philly Tap Room... and i love it there.  This lil spot has been on my list... but Point Breeze isn't my typical stomping grounds... so it required a dedicated adventure.  That adventure took place on Friday night.  The boyfriend and i were dressed to go see a friends show at JC Dobbs, but we needed to eat first... yet neither of us were volunteering to cook.  Perfect night out!  

The neighborhood is discribed as 'up and coming' which i will second for sure.  The inside, however, won big points with me right away.  A big and comfy bar with a TV showing the flyers game = happy boyfriend.  Tons and tons of beers on draught = happy me.  A menu with vegetarian options just took it over the top!  On my way to the ladies room i saw the beer garden and the upstairs... all things to take-away for next time.  Especially on one of those first warm days of the spring... 

I began with a Goose Creek Matilda, and a pickled egg ($1!!!!).  I recall eating pickled eggs as a child.  I liked the pink-ish purple color... but it had been quite a while.  Now that I've moved beyond my love of fuschia, i wasn't sure i'd still like them... though they combine my favorite things- pickles and eggs.  This egg wasn't fuschia... but it was ON A STICK!!!  Thats a 3rd favorite that I wasn't even planning for!  The egg was delicious.  The white was firm and a bit pickled, the yolk has hints of pickle but it wasn't overpowering... the whole thing rocked!  It really transported me back to my childhood.

My boyfriend said the same thing about his starter- the sardine sandwich (slider) $2!!!!.  He said that when he was little his dad used to eat sardines in front of him and told him how good they were, but wouldn't give him one when he asked... Basic reverse psychology applied to a food that most 8 year olds wouldn't care for.  The result- he loves sardines, and this little sandwich was no exception.  It transported him back to his childhood too.

Neither of us are overly nostalgic... so this was a lil weird for us... but in a great great way!

Next came our meals- I got the falafel and he got the Pittsburgh Cheesesteak.  Neither of us are particulaly light eaters... nor are we tiny people... and when I tell you this food was INSANELY LARGE, i'm not kidding.  I made it through roughtly 55% of my falafel and i was stuffed.  The falafel balls were a bit dense for my taste, but everything else on that sandwich was pretty much a dream.... especially the vegan tatziki... genius and delicious.  I ate the rest for breakfast the next morning.  My boyfriend said his Cheesesteak was also amazing.  He was skeptical ordering a Pittsburgh Cheesesteak in Philly, but he managed to house the vast majority of that bad boy, taking breaks only to rave about how good it was.  He ended up having to remove the french fries from the sandwich as he was running out of room.

All in all, the layout of this place, the awesomeness of the servers, the level of comfort that their comfort food deployed.... all things that made the American Sardine Bar amazing.  This place has now made our short list... and it looks like we'll be spending more time in Point Breeze... 'up and coming'... right?
I went here due to a suggestion by Anthony Bourdain, and the siren songs of a sardine sandwich filled with boiled egg, onion, and black pepper would make any man jump off the deck. South Philly and in particular the region where American Sardine Bar is located is going through something of a renovation in recent years due to its direct line of sight to center city. If this continues I anticipate places like this, and others around it will have its rent increase and either evolve in to something yuppie or hipster like, or cease to exist. Which is sad, because this place is truly something great in terms of a neighborhood bar, it is the place where you could go and sit around all day long without a care in the world about whats happening outside. Or even whats happening outside of your 2 feet border. 

I also discovered the wonders of the Narrgansett beer, and it is something amazing to be sure.
Update: bumped up 1 star, maybe I'm getting used to the place or maybe the service really has improved, but cmon barmaid, I called the local swill a "chick beer" and you got your panties all bunched up about it, calling me a sexist chauvinist? Who are you behind that bar now, Betty Friedan?

If I didn't live 2 blocks from this place, I would not go back. The (formerly) surly servers have only a vague  idea what they are pouring or refuse to share the info -- and I AM A REGULAR, you should know what I am gonna like! --, selection of beers is lopsided, the place could be cleaner, the food quality is uneven, cmon how hard is it to make fresh-cut fries? They have the most savory Brussels sprouts dish I've tasted, but now replaced with asparagus spears which were OK.

It is small and cramped on the 1st floor, too dark & loud, and one small screen at the far end but the patio is pretty cool.
We've been here several times. Every. Single. Time. The service is disappointing. The bartenders act like they're upset to be doing their job to get you a beer. A lot of attitude and entitlement. I'm a vegan so it's awesome that they have amazing vegan food (it's seriously delicious) but tonight was the worst experience we've had. Sitting at the bar, some guy shoved me aside to get into a seat. Talking to a woman behind the bar who turns out to be the manager. I interrupt their conversation to get the check...he rolls his eyes she very VERY nastily and in the most belittling way grabs the check and gives it back with some nasty side comment. Our actual waitress was an angel but the MANAGER was so horrific and disrespectful. You're going to act that way when someone asks you for a check?????? What??? And you're the face of this establishment????? ITS YOUR JOB. Awful. I think I've finally had enough of the attitude at sardine bar. Grow up.
Late supper at the Sardine Bar is a great experience! Loved the atmosphere of the place - it was dark & charming and our waitress was friendly and knew her beer well enough to make some great suggestions. Grab a basket of salt & pepper fries for the table - the portion is very generous, plus LOVE that dill pickle dip! 

Chalkboard menus are always exciting as they promise a menu that'll rotate a bit with the seasons and inspiration in the kitchen. 

I've been hearing about the Sardine for a while from friends and the praise was well-deserved. What a great spot for the neighborhood!
The ONLY good thing about this gastropub is the food. The service on the otherhand, left much to be desired. I came here on a Firday night with my boyfriend and our friend for a few drinks and grub. From the second we sat at the bar, the bartender was extremely rude to my boyfriend. He has been to this bar before and has always asked for extra mustard for his sardine sliders and the first thing out of this Pseudo-Hipster's mouth was "No. I can't do that for you. You're not getting extra mustard." Throughout the night she grew increasingly more rude, tossing napkins at our friend and tossing a pen at me. All the while serving her friends that came in with a smile and great service. She ignored us for half of the time we were there. If you go to this bar, avoid the slack faced bar wench with the bad attitude. How will you know it's her? From the terribly cut black bangs, the brown crocs and the generally nasty disposition. You've been warned!
I was finally able to check out ASB after hearing so many things about it before it opened (this review is being written a little belatedly!).  I was expecting great things because of how much I love South Philly Tap Room, and wasn't disappointed.  

Unfortunately I wasn't able to partake in the alcohol at this brunch, so I had to settle for trying sips of what my fiance was drinking.  They have an excellent selection of seasonal beers on tap.  The Bloody Mary was neither excellent nor horrible- nothing unique about it really, but still good.

Food was delish, especially the big white bowl of salty/peppery fries with what I believe was accompanied by some sort of tartar sauce dip.  I had the falafel sandwich which was great, but could easily feed a den of bears.  The Krab Cake sandwich (made with fake crab) was great!!  I would go back just to have that as my own order.

The area is a little sketchy, especially at night, so I don't think we'll be going there for late-night drinks...but who knows, stranger things have happened.  Definitely an awesome new brunch/lunch spot.
Bonnie is rude and disrespectful. She called my friend an animal and refused service.
The Food is pretty good here, but the atmosphere is what really impressed me. The atmosphere comes off as a hipsterish, nice dive bar which has some pretty good food and beer to boot.

Food: Pretty good and would probably go again.
1st Dish: Cowboy Chili- Skip this one, while it was good, it was expensive and did not seem worth it compared to the other foods I ate.
2nd Dish: Onion Rings- These were some of the better onion rings I've ever had and also had a great dipping sauce as well.
3rd Dish: Fried Sardine with Sliced Apples- Good tasty sardine that had a lot of crunch and saltiness (which is what I look for in a sardine) Apples were a good contrast.
4th Dish: Fried Ribs with Pinto Beans- By far the standout dish, the fried rib was crispy, hot, and tasty... Perfect beer food as the beer cut the intense flavor. I HIGHLY recommend this dish and it was only $4.

Beer: Solid beer selection, but played it pretty safe.
1st Beer: American Sardine Bar Ale- Pretty standard beer, nothing too fancy, easy drinking.
2nd Beer: Cisco Grey Lady- This beer was awesome, had hints of citrus and was like drinking earl grey tea. The aroma was also great as well.

Overall, this place was pretty solid, not too expensive and has some pretty tasty beer food. I would probably recommend someone go here if they were in the area. I probably would not recommend you go out your way to go here.
Went here for the first time for brunch and had the artichoke cake with coffee. The coffee was terrible like something you'd get at Denny's. The food was ok but small and overpriced and didn't come with a side or anything. I had to go home and have a sandwich after. Instead of just refilling water and coffee, you had to ask, and only the person who asked got theirs refilled instead of everyone. The menu was just on chalkboards with no explanation. I would definitely not recommend it.
I have been to this bar a few times now and liked it for its awesome beer selection and food was good each time.  When I went there late night around 12am on a Thursday night and had a bunch of friends meet me there, the bar manager seemed extremely pissed to have people show up and so annoyed that we stayed till close.  I thought it would be considered a good thing for your dead bar to make money but I guess not as important as going home.  He made me feel extremely uncomfortable and as if we were not welcome there.  That being said I would never return to this bar, there is great beer and food all over the city, would never waste my time at this place ever again.  Hire a new bar manager seriously!
ok so i'm the only person who drinks red wine at dive bars.   good thing this place is like the least dive-y dive bar just a few skips from my home. 

***the menu changes and it's all written on a chalk board - every vegan option is labeled VEGAN which i LOVE - the servers are all very up to speed on what is vegan and what isnt.  While i wouldnt pick this as my first choice for a dinner - i would pick this as a great, affordable, place to have some drinks w/ friends and eat some delish veg options while i'm at it. 
***they had a nice choice of red wines, and if you like beer they have a beer for everyone.  i didnt drink any beer but all the people i was with did. and LOVED the options. 

i would go back here anytime and recommend it completely.
So I live relatively close to Sardine bar, and have been here a few times, but I can't for the life of me remember what I've gotten to eat here. I know I've tried the sardine sandwich, maybe the calamari, I don't know. I say all of that to say that, while the atmosphere and outdoor seating seem really awesome, and their instagram gives way to events and a varying menu, this place to me has been relatively unremarkable. I'd rather go somewhere I know has good food or try a new place instead of going to the closest place by my house simply because it's the most convenient. 

It's not a bad place, and maybe one day I'll venture out and actually remember a meal, but overall I can't say for sure if I'll be back.
Local bar, good beer, good food, great staff... what more could you want? The menu changes so keeps things interesting. The last time I was in I got the sweet potato falafel... As soon as it came out 2 other friends ordered it! It was SO good. Not gonna lie, I'm totally not a beer snob or anything even close, but my friends who DO have extensive knowledge of beers enjoy coming here for their draft list. 

The inside isn't too big, so if the weather is nice head outside and enjoy time out in the fresh air. In the evenings they have fire pits going! Win, win, win.
Oh, we miss Sardine... Closed since late December, and can't wait for it to re-open. When we started looking into buying a house my partner really wanted it to be "within walking distance of Sardine" (we ended up about a block away). 

I'm not a beer drinker, so I'll leave that to other reviewers. (But my partner does look out for a kolsch, which they have pretty regularly in the summer.) 

Cocktails and wine selection are great. 
Back patio can't be beat (esp. on a warm summer day!) - will be the first place we hit when we are vaccinated! 

Food is actually outstanding - there's nothing I've had that hasn't been great, off the brunch, snack/happy hour, or dinner menus. Their salt & pepper fries w/pickle dip are awesome, and the onion rings are the stuff of dreams. 

Come back, Sardine! We are pulling for you!
I am a pretty big fan of American Sardine Bar, based on the two times I've now been there.  The first time, I went for beer, and I enjoyed the beer selection there.  Like many other bars / restaurants in Philly, they have a plethora of good craft beer choices.  That isn't necessarily what makes them stand out.  Instead, I found their food to be something worth going there for.  I ordered the falafel and had a decent beer I knew I'd like.  Both were agreeable.  The falafel was well made, had a number of pickles, tomato, and onions on it.  The falafel itself was pretty delicious, however it was hard to pick up and eat. The pita was huge, and the falafel was also huge. The pita that I slowly ate away also became soggy after a bit.  But overall, really very tasty.    The service was good, I love the bar space. I think it's pretty warm and cozy.   

Overall, I'm happy that this is a neighborhood spot.  I'm not sure if I like this or South Philly Tap Room (and I think they are linked?) better, but I do enjoy this space.  I'm curious about the upstairs, and I wonder what's there / what the space is like.  From the street, the upstairs looks beautiful!

I give it three stars for the inconsistency. Sometimes, I go in and it's great. Other times I go in, and it is a hot mess.  Additionally, while the upstairs seems nice, I actually got to hang out here once and it was just mediocre.  Additionally, the downstairs upon closer inspection seems a tad unfinished.
My friend and I came to American Sardine Bar for outdoor dining during COVID-19 and had a great experience!

We each got a beer (good selection both on draft and in cans). We split the Salt and Pepper Fries with Pickle Dip, which were soooo good. I could eat that pickle dip straight. 

I got the Sicilian Chickpea Fritter Hoagie (house made chickpea patty fritters, Calabrian tomato pesto, shaved sharp provolone, arugula, & balsamic glaze on a toasted Aversa hoagie roll). It was super delicious, especially the pesto which was a great balance of spicy and sweet.

I'm looking forward to coming back soon for more outdoor eating/drinking!
The only good thing I have to say about this place is they have a happy hour w/ 1/2 priced cans.

We sat outside, but when you sit in their lawn chairs the table is up to your chest.  There were no menus given to us, you had to read a sloppy handwritten chalk board menu without any descriptions of the menu items.

The service was all over the place, and frankly, the servers did not seem too interested or fond of the food.  When we asked what some of her favorites were, she had to study the board and think about it.  We decided to get a sardine, and the server not only said he never had them, but couldn't even describe it to us.  The sardine we had was nothing to form your restaurant around.  And the salad and veg cheesesteak we got were nothing to write home about whatsoever.

I think the only reason this place gets business is because its the only neighborhood bar in point breeze.
This is a laid-back, well established neighborhood restaurant. If you live in Point Breeze or are visiting, most people will tell you to stop by here, and it is for good reason.

We visited for brunch a couple of years ago, and their food is banging! We were there when it was warm out, so we were able to eat outside in their little garden space. Just sat on some lawn chairs, and hung out. It was very relaxing.

They have great vegan options and a large beer selection on tap.
Nice sweet and savory variety of Sunday brunch items along with a wide variety of beers and cocktails. I enjoyed my Bloody Mary(s), the fried sardines, french fries with yummy dill sauce, spin on huevos rancheros, and the smothered biscuit jawn. We sat in the outdoor seating area/garden/patio which was very cute. The whole place is very "hipster" including the non-committal waiter who couldn't recommend anything on the menu. Vegan/vegetarian friendly.
This was a cute lil off the street spot to dine outdoors on a nice fall evening. It was quiet but busy & allowed for some good old people watching. We started with dessert, salted caramel cheesecake which was delicious. I had the fish tacos which were pretty good & I'm not really into fish tacos but these have changed my mind about them. My friend had the chicken sandwich which was very good as well (I tasted it). We'd only had the beers which were, well beers. I'd def recommend & return to this spot. The only thing I didn't like was that the menu is posted on the wall so I had to go up and take a picture of it. But if it's helping the environment then it want too bad. I like that the menu changes so I'd like to see what they offer in other seasons.
This place is a real gem! Nestled in not the best area of the city, this place does a great job of upholding a clean, well put together bar/restaurant. 

The outdoor seating area is a fenced off area adjacent to the sidewalk and is surrounded by well-kept flower boxes (which is always appreciated in my book). It is a nice laid back atmosphere with beach chairs as the dining chairs- a cool affordable option!

The staff here is always great and attentive. Although there is no hostess or way to know if you should seat yourself or wait, the busser saw that we looked confused and led us to an open table outside right away. A good busser always gets overlooked, but I must say this guy was working hard!

The menu here is great, they have a lot of unique options that can't be found anywhere else in the city. I highly recommend the sweet bologna slider, giant pickle, onion rings, and sardine sandwich. The only thing I dislike about this menu is the lack of organization. It was a bit hard to read and didn't seem to be in any particular order. Don't get me wrong, I love seasonal rotating chalkboard menus but it would be great if it could be broken down a bit more.

Another thing that made this review shy of 5 stars is the beer list. There was a lack of hoppy beers on the menu. I know that is very picky, but sometimes i just can't settle for something else. 

All in all, I will 100% be returning and recommending this place to friends!
TL;DR Hands down the best bar food I've ever had. 

After a nice lazy day checking out shops and exploring Old City, my wife and I decided to connect with a friend for dinner before heading back to DC. After a few minutes of shot down suggestions, he definitively told us he was taking us to American Sardine Bar. I nervously checked what Yelp had to say, as the mere thought of a bar that sells sardines repulsed me, however, I was pleasantly surprised by the great reviews and tasty pics. 

Minutes later we walked in. It definitely had a bit of a hipster neighborhood bar feel, but we quickly settled in to a table in the back. My hipster suspicions were confirmed when our waiter told us they didnt have menu's, but communal chalkboards for us to reference for their food and drink selections. Setting my judgmental attitude aside, I quickly settled on a very tasty raspberry gose (hello pot, meet kettle). 

As a table, we went for broke. We ordered the salt and pepper fries, an order of onion rings, and bam bam broccoli to share. I ordered their version of a philly, my wife got the chicken sando, and our friend got the blackberry grilled cheese with bacon and jalapenos. 

Now when I say there was no way we ever had a chance, I'm not kidding. The onion rings were HUGE, they sourced a magical never ending bowl of fries from hogwarts that never seemed to end no matter how much we ate, and to call the sandwiches sizeable is an understatement at best. However, setting the portion sizes aside, the food was just so good! There was a clear attention to both quality and flavor, as each dish shined in its own right. It was all just so good. 

I'm forever ruined.
Great service and really great soup, I tried the cauliflower soup and reordered it with another round from the beer assortment.   The beers are mostly good locals and the taste is fresh (clean draft lines here).
I really dislike this place.  Beside the fact that every single time I have walked into this place and taken a seat at the bar it takes AT LEAST 10+ minutes for the bar tender to even acknowledge you, let alone get a drink. 

Speaking of the bartender.... He's s real drag. Condescending,  bitter and resentful are all words I think of when I picture his shiny head.

I hate hate HATE the menus on the wall. 
Not that theyd even need to bother with a menu considering the onion rings is the only decent choice.  The salt & pepper fries are always too salty. The open face chicken sandwich. HOLY SALT BAT MAN. There was so much salt in it that it just tore up my taste buds. The fish sandwhich is hit or miss.

Its a well decorated place. You're never really smashed in with a lot of people. Not crazy loud,  lots of light and the outdoor area is great. 

Ill be back in a few months.... hopefully I wont be disappointed like every other trip.
First off, it's awesome they have a legit option in this neighborhood.  I don't live in this neighborhood, but do live in Pennsport and know solid food/social options are lacking for the younger, non-typical South Philly (old school Italian/Irish) crowd south of South outside of East Passyunk.  So props for that.  Seriously.

I hear a ton of great stuff about this place from friends, chefs, etc.  So was excited to try.  Maybe it's better for late-night snacks and drinking, but alas this is a dinner review.  Deal with it.

The food menu was seriously lacking in options.  Handful of sandwiches, sides, sardines, and a couple soups.  "Hey a-hole you can only eat like two things at once!"  I get that.  Just saying it's less than the average bar, and I was expecting some solid food options from this place for whatever reason.  The options they did have were at least inventive, different...but heavy.

Heavy.  That's how I felt after eating here.  I did choose a sandwich (Drew Lazor's "Dad Sandwich") that had like two kinds of meat, BBQ chips, cheese probably, on Texas toast.  But what would've been lighter?  The vegan potato and mushroom pamboza?  Wrong, my girlfriend had that, ate half, and felt gross afterward too.  Also had the fries and a sardine.  Nothing special.

Beer list was above average, but nothing great.  A 6 out of 10 (think Ommegang, Troegs, PBC stuff).  That stuff is good, just not special any more in this city.

Service was fine, no complaints there.

Overall I don't dislike ASB, wouldn't fight my friends if they wanted to go back but probably wouldn't choose it myself.
Unprofessional and downright abusive.

I stopped into this bar on Christmas to see some friends. I was excited to be in a celebratory space. It was pretty much the opposite. 

The bartender was openly confrontational from the start. I misspoke the name of a drink special and he rolled his eyes at me. Another staff member came out and told me I couldn't have a dog in the bar (I have a tiny emotional support dog, and she's in a sling and extremely quiet - I know they're not required to allow it, but it wouldn't hurt not to be rude about it). I offered to show her papers and he angrily left. The bartender reinforced that they didn't have to let me have the dog in as rude a manner as possible. 

It was a brief encounter with this bar, and after reading Maggie A.'s review of their disgusting treatment of her, I think I've seen all I need to never come back.
I want to so badly make this my local bar.   I live a block away, but every time I come in the bartender is pissy and doesn't make me feel welcomed at all. Service is slow and they just aren't friendly.   It's too bad
ASB is a gastropub by the same owners as South Philly Tap Room, so you know you're going to get some great beers and great food. The difference here are the food offerings --- ASB seems to focus more on sandwiches with a chalkboard menu. Some highlights:

- Beef Shortrib sandwich
- Walt Wit braised pork sandiwch
- Fries with dill sauce (Great for sharing)
- Tomato macoroni
- Sardine sandwiches are only like $2 so try one out

They serve food til 1am every day!!!
My boyfriend and I have been here a couple of times. This past weekend, we stopped in for a beer and a snack on a Saturday afternoon. 

The drafts are reasonably priced. I think the Kenzinger is $3 and my bf and I each had drafts that were $4 and bangin'.  I drank the Saucony Creek Cucumber Kolsch. 

Both the grilled and sauteed sardines ($4 each) were delicious, and we also tried the fried ribs appetizer (also $4) OMG. Total drool moment thinking about those right now. They are basically two little deep fried pork chops served with some excellent pickles. 

Fantastic place.
Large, rotating & often rare selections of both draft & can beer draw me here. Creative & diverse food menu with new additions every couple of weeks keeps me coming back.  

Earlier this year, I bought my first house just a couple blocks away from American Sardine.  As anyone else who lives in Point Breeze is aware, there are very very limited selections (and by limited, I mean 0 selections) on a neighborhood pub/restaurant in the immediate area. Sure, north of Washington Ave. is walkable.. but I don't always want to make that trek. This makes me love the Sardine that much more. The menu changes just enough to keep it feeling like new for me; the staff & service remain consistently great. 

Also -- the portions of the fries & onions rings are pretty enormous, best for sharing.

Some nights it can be difficult to find a table, but then they will open up the 2nd floor for more seating options.. although I always prefer sitting at the bar anyway because the bartenders almost always make good company.

When my parents are in town, they don't love having to get up to look at the chalkboard menus... but I can't in good faith deduct points for that as I personally don't mind at all. 

The patty melt is to die for... and almost literally, my poor arterties. Get a sandwich Pittsburgh style if you're up for the physical challenge.

Happy hour 4-6pm offers 1/2 priced cans.
Man, my first time here was quite the doozy but I'll get to that later.

First off, I'm biased because this bar is a five minute walk for me, but I wouldn't mind walking 25 minutes to be completely honest. Very cozy downstairs and still retains that borderline dive-bar (albeit classy) atmosphere. The beer selection is rotating and always exceptional, and their citywide is my new favorite (Naragansett pounder + shot of Powers = $5 - sure, have some).

The food is terrific, too. Had fries, onion rings and a bangin-ass pulled pork sandwich. I hear from friends that pretty much everything is on-point foodwise.

Now, here's my real reason for loving this place: the jukebox incident. I appreciate any establishment that doesn't settle for those crappy internet jukeboxes where any schmo-hawk can request anything they want. No, no, I demand a bar show me their taste and give me a selection of hand-picked CDs. In this particular go-around, I made my usual selections and, to my delight, saw that they carry Suicide's self-titled '77 debut album ( a true classic!). 

Now, I decided to pick a song called "Frankie Teardrop" thinking it was their more upbeat song "Cheree". In actuality, "Frankie Teardrop" is a 10-minute long song about a father's descent into insanity. Needless to say by the time Alan Vega started his murderous screaming, the entire bar (filled with at least one elderly couple) was confused and probably a little scared. The bar quickly shut it off and the manager was apologizing to various patrons.

I was beyond embarrassed. I later apologized to our waiter and explained I thought I was picking "Cheree." He laughed and reassured me it was no big deal. However, he informed the manager that I was actually the one who picked the song and the manager ended up comping my most expensive drink simply for owning up to it.

This is when I knew that Sardine was safely on my favorite bars list. Just tread softly when you're at the jukebox.
American Sardine Bar is always a great spot. It is always good, and their ever-changing menu is unique about the place. You can always find a great meal or drink. The space is excellent any time of the year with outdoor or--indoor seating. The staff is always fantastic and makes every customer feel valued and part of the neighborhood. 

Have a specialty cocktail, order the salt and pepper fries. Have a good time.
One of the few bright spots in Point Breeze.  They have a good among by of outdoor seating (roughly 10 tables).  We wanted to bring out dog for dinner, but the wait time was too long.  We decided to drop her off at home and eat inside.

Two dining sections - downstairs and upstairs.  We sat upstairs and it was significantly cooler than downstairs on a hot summers night.  

The service was slow - there was one guy was got way overwhelmed with the amount of people that showed up.  Took awhile to get our drink and food orders.  

The food was great - got the fried chicken sandwich on a sesame seed bun. I personally think this is a better fried chicken sandwich than the philly mag winner federal donuts.  Juicy chicken and properly breaded chicken  definitely the best I've had.  Salt and pepper are on point as well - had two ordered of these!

5 stars for food and minus 1 for service
I can only say this about this place.....holy delicious food and beer.  Ill keep voming back asling as it stays the same.
One of the few bright spots in Point Breeze.  They have a good among by of outdoor seating (roughly 10 tables).  We wanted to bring out dog for dinner, but the wait time was too long.  We decided to drop her off at home and eat inside.

Two dining sections - downstairs and upstairs.  We sat upstairs and it was significantly cooler than downstairs on a hot summers night.  

The service was slow - there was one guy was got way overwhelmed with the amount of people that showed up.  Took awhile to get our drink and food orders.  

The food was great - got the fried chicken sandwich on a sesame seed bun. I personally think this is a better fried chicken sandwich than the philly mag winner federal donuts.  Juicy chicken and properly breaded chicken  definitely the best I've had.  Salt and pepper are on point as well - had two ordered of these!

5 stars for food and minus 1 for service
This is a great bar. They have a good selection of beer that changes (weeky?). I've also never disliked any of the food I've ordered. The onion rings are a personal favorite.
