For the last 3+ years that I have been in Philly, I have been waiting for good Indian/South Indian restaurants to open in the city. Every time I crave for good Indian food, I have to drag one of my friends to drive 30-40 mins to King of Prussia or New Jersey. I was beyond ecstatic when I heard Amma's had opened on 15th and Chestnut. First Thanal (check it out if you haven't already) and then this? This year is turning out to be swell! 

Went there last night with a friend and we literally couldn't decide what to get! I am salivating right now even thinking about last night's dinner. Anywho back to reality - we ordered the spicy Idly Podi, Mutton Kheema dosa and Chicken Lollipop. Everything was so delicious and flavorful - not sure how to even describe it better than that. 

I am NOT a coffee person, I can only drink coffee made by my mom and here in the US (no offense) even the smell of coffee makes me nauseous sometimes. But I had to try the Madras filter coffee because why not?! It was probably the best coffee I have had after coming here to the states. It is bitter enough and has like a hint of chocolate somehow - like how I had always imagined in my head a Mocha should be. I can totally get addicted to this coffee. Try it! 

If you trust my reviews - you have to head over to this place now. I can't imagine what'll happen once everyone gets to know about this gem - will I ever get to sit peacefully and devour all the South Indian goodness this place has to offer just like last night?
Incredible! 

A few months ago, I'd read Craig LaBan's review of the New Jersey branch of Amma's and could not stop thinking about it. Of course, when in Hell was I going to get over to Voorhees, New Jersey, never mind how...

Life is grand now because Amma's just opened in Philly on Chestnut St. 3 days ago and I ate there tonight. Now I want to eat there every night. 

The restaurant is BYOB, very clean and nicely minimalist without seeming coldy stark or cafeteria-ish. White washed, rough brick walls, basic over head hanging lights and that's about it. No foo foo wall hangings, no ambient sitar music, no dimly lit corners or any kind of give away as to the ethnicity of the place. The colorful part of this dining establishment is what is on your plate and what happens to your tastebuds. I'll take that any day over a fancy mosaic of the Taj Mahal that overlooks sub par food. 

I was greeted immediately by a smiling, hospitable man who told me to take any table I wished. He presented me with a menu though I already knew I wanted a masala dosa. Of course, once I read the menu, I immediately wished I had 3 stomachs because everything looked like it needed to be on my plate. 

Warning-if you never want to stray beyond bright red tandoori chicken, garlic naan, or muddy dal and basmati rice, then stay home or come here with an open mind and a curious palate because Amma's is not just another generic tandoori take out joint. Most steam table buffet Indian restaurants serve Northern Indian cuisine which is heavier and spiced differently.  Remember this; India is a huge continent with many regions and Americans, for the most part, are only used to what are often watered down recipes from one area. Free your tastebuds and your mind will follow. : )

I started with Gobi 65, a vegetarian take on the ubiquitous Chicken 65. The kitchen has a deft, light touch with the deep fryer because the heaping plate of cauliflower I got, served on a banana leaf, was hot and crispy without an iota of grease. Fresh curry leaves were peeking out of the crunchy batter and the spicing (I asked for 'level 3' based on a 1 through 5 scale of heat) left a soft, pervasive and pleasant heat spread out over my tongue and palate. Divine. I told the server in truth that this was the best Indian food I'd eaten in half a decade. He seemed genuinely pleased.

My dosa was over a foot long and served with a delicious sambar and 2 chutneys. I'd also ordered Malabar Porotta, a multi-layered soft, hot bread, somewhat naan-ish but so much better and more interesting. Also on my table was a house speciality, Ennai Kathrikai Kuzhambu, a dish of thumb size baby eggplants stewed in a hot tamarind sauce. The tiny, whole eggplants were tender as filet mignon with none of the normal eggplant bitterness, and the sauce was tart, savory, spicy and sublime. This came with basmati rice that was so perfect, every grain was fluffy and separate. Of course, as one person, there was no way I could eat even half of all I ordered so I told the kind server that even though everything was astoundingly good, I was going to have to take most of it home. He was fine with that and provided me with all the containers-good, sturdy, well sealing ones, too-I needed. I felt totally cared for.

Other diners were chatting happily about how good their food was and the server made many gentle suggestions to folks new to this home style type of Southern Indian cuisine.  

I never got past the vegetarian side of the extensive menu but trust me-there is a lot here to explore. Amma's offers 2 thali meals at lunch time (7 days a week)-veg and non-veg priced at $11.95 and $13.95. My head is swimming over what to order when I go back. I may have to fast for a few days before my next visit.

Don't pass this marvelous, authentic food made by genuinely warm, hospitable people because it's not housed in a glamorous, high end spot like Veda. Remember, 'Amma' is the universal word for 'Mother' in the Tamil language. This place serves marvelous Southern Indian comfort food that truly and deeply warms the heart.  GO!!!

P.S.-Consider the gustatory joy of rewarmed leftover masala dosa and sambar for breakfast. You'll never go back to cold pizza again.
Amma's South Indian Cuisine from Vorhees, New Jersey now has a sister establishment in Phillytown.  Wow it's great that Center City Philly finally has an excellent South Indian restaurant.  When one thinks of South Indian cuisine, one automatically thinks of Dosas ... but this place has so many more offerings than Dosas.  Especially featured are many of the dishes from Tamil Nadu.  It's a far cry from the Tandoori cooking of North India.

For an appetizer I ordered the well-known veggie fritters called Medhu Vada.  They came with two chutneys and a sambar.  They were good but probably something I won't order again - a little too heavy for me.  The main course on the other hand, I really enjoyed. This was the popular Tamil Nadu delicacy of  Kothu Parotta. Made with veggies and broken up parotta bread,it was indeed tasty.  The yogurt and salna sauces added to the flavors present.  

Service was very friendly and efficient.  Prices are a level above your standard curry house or Indian buffet joint ... but to try a whole new slew of Indian foods, it is well worth it!
Usually when people think to eat indian food it's mostly north indian food (such as naan and dishes like chicken tikka masala), but this place is super unique because is specializes in a southern indian cuisine which is hard to find around the city! (They also have the typical north indian food, but i've never had it so I can't speak to it, although a place that specializes in south Indian i'd definitely suggest to step outside your comfort zone and get that instead). I would suggest getting dosa (basically an Indian crepe) and there's various fillings you can get to dip in the chutney's and sambar, ask the waiters if you're unsure what to get they're very nice (but they can be a little slow to come around so ask all your questions at once). The food is amazing and very authentic and they give huge portions
I'm so happy we have a South Indian restaurant in town. It's about time! Every time I have eaten here they are always super busy. I have had a variety of things: chicken byriani, regular plain dosa, the lunch vegetarian platter, both types of vada's, a few different chicken curry dishes and the mango lassi. Everything I ordered was delicious! You get a great portion size for each dish ordered as well which i can appreciate. 

Only critique would be that the waitstaff can get too busy that they neglect a table or two. The service can get backed up. However when the staff does come to your table they are kind and willing to get you whatever you need (more napkins, more water etc.). 

Overall I hope this location is here to stay! And sidenote: Congrats on your recognition in the Best of Philly issue for 2019!
Okay this place is great. No wonder during pre-pandemic times I could never get a table!! I've gotten takeout twice since the world ended, and it's been ready in half an hour and is piping hot. They remembered everything in our orders, which is impressive because I ordered enough for 5 people both times when there's only 2 of us.

A lot of the things can be spicy, but it's so good. Just watch out for the peppers lurking in the sauce, and you can escape unscathed. They serve very generous portions of white rice with all of their entrees, but don't forget about the apps. Get the chicken 65, or don't even bother coming here. And if you want something even better than naan, get 10 orders of malabar porrota to soak up the sauces!
Great food. However, they got my Grubhub order modification wrong and the follow up after that made me lose any interest in wanting to order again. 

I was sick and wanted to have fish. They have something called Shrimp Moilee on the menu, which I'm familiar with. I called them up and the lady who received my call told me they could make the same dish with fish if I added a note to my order on Grubhub. She also took down my name and said she'd personally monitor it. I was amazed at such graciousness for someone ordering delivery. 

The food came before the estimated time - only for me to find it was shrimp despite my note and having called them. I called back and spoke to the same person. She asked for my name and said  she got too busy to monitor it. She apologized and assured me that she would make sure she would keep on top of things in the future (for who? Not me definitely). 

I was offered a free entree and a discount - is what my expectation was. But nada. She just reiterated her apologies. 

Despite liking their food a lot, I'm terribly disappointed with the customer service. And the 7-8 big pieces of shrimp on a night when I was craving some fish! 

Good food AND good customer service might be asking for too much, no?
Was craving South Indian food last night and saw that a new lil Indian restaurant had popped up in Rittenhouse Square. From yelp reviews it looked pretty legit so we stopped by to grab some take out. We ordered the mutton dosa and the lamb korma. The korma was medium spicy which was perfect for me. It also came with a ton of rice. The restaurant had packed the mutton and the potato separately to prevent the dosa from getting soggy during transport, which was pretty thoughtful. Both dishes tasted delicious and prices were actually reasonable too!
Vannakam, in other words Welcome! Welcome to this amazing South Indian restaurant in the heart of downtown Philadelphia. Amma means Mother and I was dying to salivate over her recipes. The aroma of the Masalas is the first thing that drew me in and then the modern design of the restaurant. It had a simplistic view, I loved the bricks. To my amazement, it was quite busy on a Thursday evening. 

My friend and I ordered few of his favorite dishes and shared everything. We started the meal with mutton chukka, goat nestled in spicy masala and caramelized onions, soo good. The spice level was quite high, even for my taste buds. Next, we tried Podi Idli and Masala Dosa. Idli is a saucer-like steamed bun, very vegan btw. Anyways, they cut the Idli and stir fry with masala. Again, it was very spicy and soo good! Masala dosa was good but it was little cold when I started eating it. 

We ended the meal with Madras Filter coffee. I love love love Bru coffee, reminds me of the days i vacationed in India. Such great memories. Isn't it great when a certain food/drink brings you back to the happier days. That's what I felt when I dined at Amma's. 

I will surely be back for more.
Great addition to the city. I have tried this place in New Jersey and was hoping for it to open in Philly. I am glad they did. If you are looking for some awesome South India cuisine this is the place to go. They have great variety of Dosas , small bite and curries. I have tried the non-veg thali , dosas as well as special curries that represent different states in South of India. Everything is simply delicious. Let it be fish curry, chicken or veg any options I tried did not disappoint me. Love the food!!! If you are ordering the curry I would recommend eating it with Appam or Malabar Paratha...the combination is amazing. Don't forget to have the filter coffee. Love it! 

P.s. the only reason I gave 1 star less is that of all the servers there is 1 particular server who did not seem knowledgeable about the cuisine and for a restaurant that just opened up it can have a negative impact specially for people who are new to the cuisine and what it has to offer.
Legit. There's your one word summary!

Amma's is Mama's cooking with mmmmm in the middle. All cheesiness aside, this hot little South Indian spot popped up smack dab on Chestnut and caught us all by surprise! 

I was wandering home from doing some errands in a slightly delirious stupor after a 24 hr shift...when I doubled back to this bustling restaurant stuffed full of little tables dotted with gigantic banana leaves and towering scrolls of dosa. On a whim I decided to treat myself to a little lunch feast...and I will be coming back! 

After overcoming a typical bout of menu paralysis, I settled upon the "South Indian Non-Veg Meal" (under "Amma's House Specials" available everyday before 3pm) which, if you haven't already guessed, suffers perhaps the most disastrous case of Unfortunate Name Syndrome - because it tasted a million times better than it sounded! 

I am admittedly woefully illiterate in the nuances of South Indian cuisine, so I cannot tell you which of the cute little dishes was the rasam, sambar, mor-kuzhambu, kootu, poriyal, appalam, podi, chapathi...however I think I identified the pickle, ghee, rice, variety rice, non-veg appetizer, main non-veg curry, and dessert!! The lamb curry (not sure if this rotates, it appeared to be chef's choice) and the chicken appetizer were both phenomenal. 

I was also very self conscious of my clumsy spoon usage - I believe the professionals use their hands to artistically create a balanced conglomeration of the side dishes in the center banana leaf canvas, much like an edible impressionist painting Barnes himself would have collected.

Amma's has some expected inconsistencies and kinks inherent to being a brand new eatery (table next to me requested spiciness 6/10 but took one bite and appeared to have singed their taste buds...when they requested a new dish, the staff politely fulfilled their request!) but the staff is clearly passionate about what they are bringing to the table and are striving to impress us! 

I was impressed, and will be returning to try the rest of the menu.
As a girl straight from Hyderabad ( As South Indian as it gets ), I had high hopes for the restaurant. I genuinely think the place has such high reviews because there's rarely any South Indian restaurants in center city but a plethora of North Indian cuisines at every corner.

To start positive, the chai here is amazing! It feels like you're back in India when they give you the copper cup and saucer. The dosa, however, isn't your standard crispy masala dosa. Although it was pretty good, I've had much much better dosas at places like Sarvana Bhavan. The vadas also weren't fluffy ( the dough was still pretty sticky inside )and had way too many black peppercorns in them. The utthapam was your standard onion- chili utthapam so I would definitely give that a go!

I didn't order any curries so maybe the place is great for that (: overall, a pretty decent place to satisfy a South Indian dish craving. If you want classics though, Edison is your best bet ( north Jersey).
Best dosas in Philly! Service was just as great as the food. We were welcomed by a friendly employee, who told us to sit anywhere we'd like. To start we got the Gobi 65 which are crispy cauliflower bites that were served with coconut chutney. They were so fresh tasting and they had this tangy seasoning on them. I then got the onion rava masala dosa. I love my dosas extra crispy and this place made them perfectly crispy! The dosa was over a foot long and was filled with enough potato masala for each bite! They were also served with sambar, coconut chutney and a red chutney. My fiancé got chicken lollipops and the chicken dosa and he was also very satisfied with it all. The location is also so convenient for us. We will definitely be coming back!
This place came through for my wife and I on our anniversary dinner. 

Everything we ate from the Masala Dosa to the Gobi Manchurian to the Chicken Lollipops had a good amount of flavor and spice to it. 

But my wife is the real expert. If you can please the woman born in Mumbai, you've done your job. And she was quite happy.
I went here for my 30th birthday. When I tell you guys they have the best butter chicken in the city!? They have the best butter chicken in the city! What stands out the most is their turmeric flavor sauce compared to the traditional tomato sauce at other establishments. I'm sure there is still a certain level of tomato paste and there but I love how it doesn't over power the chick or rice.
Amma's was a restaurant that I had bookmarked before the pandemic but had never gotten around to. When my fifteen-year-old asked if we could order Indian food take out, I remembered I'd never gotten to visit this place (I was always on the look-out for sweet BYOB's). I pulled up caviar and we made our order. My daughter always wants the standard chicken tikka masala so that was her order. I ordered the Chettinad, based on the description on the menu that it is "the spiciest and most aromatic cuisine in south India". We also ordered 2 malabar porotta. Upon the first bite of this by my fifteen-year-old daughter she quickly commented,"Wow. That bread SLAPS". It did. Slap. It was so delicious and as I do love naan (which is all I know to compare it to).. it was softer, richer and tasted like they had just baked it fresh from the oven (baked? Fried? Grilled? Whatever. DELICIOUS) My dish was filled with aromatic spices and I ordered it with chicken that was juicy and delicious. My kid loved her tikka masala also with chicken and we both enjoyed the Gobi (cauliflower and other vegetables marinated with ginger, garlic, turmeric, coriander spices and herbs and dusted with flour, then deep fried). SO good. We gobbled our food down that was served with two generous portions of rice. Caviar delivered within 30 minutes and the delicious food was delivered hot and fresh. Can't wait til the world returns to semi normal because I will love sitting at one of their tables and enjoying this tasty food again.
Ordered delivery from Amma's on a whim the other night and WOW it was amazing! Everything was perfectly spicy too. Can't wait to try more of their menu
Indian food so good, I could cry!! I came to Philly from Seattle, where there was ample delicious Indian food. In my four years here I have not found a single decent authentic Indian restaurant in Philly, until now!! Amma's is exceptional in every way. The food is amazing (I had the butter paneer, my boyfriend had the butter chicken, and we shared the gobi Manchurian appetizer, and all was amazing). Service was great. It's a BYO which is very convenient. I am so happy this places opened in Philly and it is already in my top 5 favorite Philly restaurants. I am so happy to have found it!
I was intrigued by this brand new South Indian restaurant open on Chestnut, right next to Popeyes, and decided to give it a try. The restaurant felt spacious, with its large front window setting a casual vibe. Perhaps because of its recent opening, they seemed understaffed for weekend dinner with only 2-3 main front workers taking calls/orders, seating people, and refilling cups. Despite that, we had a good experience overall -- the servers were attentive throughout and we had a relaxed and comfortable meal.

We ordered chicken korma and grilled chicken butter masala curry (came with a bowl of rice). Both were well portioned and delicious. The butter masala curry was nothing like I've ever had before -- the sauce was yellow and VERY buttery, a little sweet, and thick. It was super filling! The chicken korma was soupier/lighter, zesty, and a little spicy. The chicken in both curries were nice and tender. The dinner price point is average in the area for the portion/quality (~$12-17/main dish).

I would like to come back for lunch and try more on their menu. Apparently they have a 15 item lunch special everyday until 3 pm for $12-14 per person... sounds like a great deal!
One of my favorites, eat in or take out. The layer of spice in every dish is mouth watering. You can't go wrong
Wow this was great!  I ordered the veggie Chettinad and the Podi Idly for delivery.  First time trying either of those dishes (based off other reviews) and I'm so happy I was adventurous.  They were spicy as hell- I mean that in the best way.  I asked and they delivered.  I've tried most indian spots in the city and this is my new go-to.  Thanks Amma's!
My boyfriend and I love this restaurant! We ordered the couples combo but we wanted to try some other things so we did some appetizers too; honestly could have made a meal out of just the apps but everything we had was so delicious. Our server was really helpful and made some recommendations when we were undecided between dishes!
A part of me wants to yell to the heavens my love for Amma's, yet another more selfish part of me doesn't want them to get so popular that I can't get a seat. 

I dream of the spinach onion pagodas, wish I could wrap myself in an onion rava masala blanket, and plan on baptizing my first child in that green sauce that comes with the dosas (no idea the name).

I'm so sorry Ekta, I never meant to cheat on you. It just happened and was love at first bite.
Very tasty food. Tried idli sambar and meduvada sambar. Everything was packed perfectly with chutnies for my Togo order
I don't understand the hype. We ordered a huge takeout and got a variety of dishes - tikka masala, butter chicken, vindaloo, saag .. and they all came out in the same color with relatively the same taste. I couldn't tell the difference between tikka masala, butter chicken, and sad .. it was literally shades of brown. Was my order incorrect? Who knows - they said everything was packed properly.

The food was also spicier than expected, which wasn't a bad thing .. but I felt that every dish was a reiteration of something else, and I truly could not tell you the difference between the dishes. With Indian food, I was hoping for more colorful, vibrant dishes with contrasting notes .. I guess other diners must've ordered something I didn't. Would I return? Unlikely.
This was my first time having south Indian cuisine and I must say I enjoyed every bite. My husband and I were searching on Yelp for a place to eat and found this lovely gem.

We got there around 4:30pm on a Saturday afternoon and the place was packed. We were seated in about 10 minutes as there was one couple in front of us and there were some other persons leaving at the same time. 

Our waiters were polite and able to give good recommendations. 

We had the spinach dal curry with basmati rice, malabar parrota bread and chicken kothu parotta. The kothu parotta came with turmeric and coconut sauce that was Devine! The bread was fluffy and crunchy which paired well with the curry dal.

Though packed our orders didnt take long to come to us and just was able to enjoy the ambience of the place. 

Great job Amma's! I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
New South Indian place in Philly? Absolutely have to try it! Went here with my fiancee as we both have a soft spot for south Indian, dosa in particular. Not easy to find a clutch spot such as Amma's in the city. 
We started with Gobi 65 which was awesome! Not oily at all, very tasty! 
As entrees my fiancee got the Mysore dosa and I got paper dosa. Both great decisions. I can preface this by saying that the entrees came with a nice bataka nu Sak (spiced potatoes) inside. The chutneys and sambar were flavorful. Be careful on your spice level. My fiancee ordered spicy and it had a kick (this coming from Indians). Food was very delicious and the service was very good. 
A new spot which I'm sure will remain, as the crowd was a plenty. Seemed BYOB. 
Awesome spot! We will be back. Friendly staff. If you plan on ordering a decent amount of food stay away from the 2 person table. Not big enough! Love Amma's. Will be back 100 precent!
Definitely recommend the masala dosa here! It was very large, filling, as well as delicious!
My partner and I were really craving some Indian food, and have been meaning to try out Amma's for a while!
The menu is really extensive, and we took note of the different variety of Dosas they had - we ordered the chittinad dosa along with the couple's combo (which included chicken biryani, mutton biryani, chicken korma, chicken sukka, and two pieces of parotta), mango lassi, and for dessert, rasmalai (cottage cheese with a milk cream).

The couple's combo honestly was enough to feed us both, so we definitely had leftovers.  It's a great deal, not expensive at all for how much food you get.  The dosa was probably my favorite though - the bread was soft yet crisp around the edges and the filling was delicious and slightly spicy.

The biryani actually was the spiciest I've had in the city - this is definitely a compliment, as someone who loves spicy food.  The rice was so flavorful and the meat was nice and tender for both biryanis.  The mango lassi was delicious and perfectly complemented all of the spicy curries and rice we were eating.  Overall, everything was good, but I think when it comes to curries, they were a little bit more watery in texture and I found myself still preferring other Indian restaurants that I have been to for curry.  The dessert was really interesting and I'm glad we tried it, however I think personally it was not my favorite.  That's not to say it wasn't well made!  I just think the cheese texture threw me off a little bit.  I would however try their homemade ice cream next time!

If you're craving biryani and dosas, this really is the place to go to.
Philly finally has a great South Indian place, and it's actually really conveniently located on 16th and Chestnut! I went to Amma's for the first time for dinner and had a great experience. My friend and I went around 8pm on a weekday and didn't have reservations, but we were seated immediately.  It was still packed inside, and remained packed throughout our dinner. 

I knew we had to order a dosa, and I wanted the cone shaped dosa, which is the ghee roast dosa. It was really good and a cool shape! The sauces that came with it were also really good.  I love how they use banana leaves on the bottom of their plates.  We also ordered the rose and mango lassi. The rose was really interesting, but I determined I still like the traditional mango flavor.  

The waitress and overall service was really good. Everyone was attentive, and our waitress was super helpful in giving us suggestions.  We got the ennai eggplant dish and the veggie korma curry. The ennai was really spicy, but the korma wasn't spicy at all, so it was a good mix. All their entrees come with a big bowl of rice, which I appreciated.  I was super full after the dosa, so we got to take a lot home for leftovers.  I will definitely be back for lunch!
If you are craving dosas, South Indian vegetarian appetizers and tea then this is the place for you. From their vegetarian entrees we got paneer tikka masala but it was very okay. But yeah other than entrees the rest is spot on! I would definitely go back for their onion rava masala dosa!
When you walk into an Indian restaurant and half of the diners are Indian, it's a good sign that the food is going to be authentic and delicious. I was recommended this restaurant by two South Indian coworkers who told me it's where they go when they want a meal to remind them of home. I was not disappointed. 

The food is delicious and spicy, the service is great, and everything is reasonably priced! Not to mention, as a bonus, it's BYOB. I've also ordered Amma's for delivery and the food holds up in transit very well. 

I highly recommend trying the gulab jamun. For the uninitiated, gulab jamun is a dessert of fried dough balls saturated with sweet syrup. I make a point of ordering it whenever I have Indian food. Amma's makes the best I've had. There was some enticing and comforting flavor in the syrup that I couldn't quite identify. Was it anise? Orange water? Whatever it was, it was delicious.
I would give this restaurant 5 stars.  I order take out it was ready in 25 minutes the staff was pretty friendly for how busy they were.  The food was excellent! I got vegetable biryani and vindaloo curry   It was really good and spicy I really enjoyed the food!
Came to this place because of all the hype surrounding it! As someone who is South Indian, the food was pretty good here. We split a bunch of things - the vegetarian thali, Mysore masala dosa, and the chicken tikka. The Mysore masala dosa was definitely the best - very spicy, crisp edges, and delicious potato filling inside. The chicken tikka was very average.

The worst part about this place is the service. We waited almost 30 minutes for a waiter to even come to our table to give us water. We had also ordered chai drinks, which they ended up forgetting about and brought when we were almost finished our meals. Everything is very slow paced at this restaurant - if you're coming, be prepared to spend at least 1.5-2 hours.
Came here on the recommendation of a close friend, and turns out she didn't let me down. There were several other Indian families dining when we walked in which was also a good sign.

The menu is extensive and it took us quite a while to pick our dishes. We ended up starting with the aloo bonda, which were delicious fried dumplings stuffed with potatoes, lentils, and onions. The flavor was top notch! My fiancé insisted on ordering chicken lollipop which was pretty good as fried chicken usually is, but literally just chicken wings in the shape of a lollipop, so I'd recommend being more adventurous with the diverse appetizers they offer. 

The lamb kothu paratha was so unique and like nothing I've ever had before! Apparently it's a delicacy in South Indian states which is made of multi-layered fluffy bread, egg, meat, and spicy sauce. The portion size was hefty and it definitely brought the heat. It was by far our favorite dish and I'm salivating now as I think back on it. We also ordered the saag paneer, which was done very well and probably one of the better ones I've had.

Overall, super satisfied with our dining experience. This is up there as one of my favorite go to Indian restaurants now!
The food was unique to me and may very well have been authentic. It was ok,  and if it feels like home to you...great. 

Restaurants are more then just the food.  The service was as bad as it gets,  and it wasn't just my table. It took 40 minutes for my order to arrive. Coffee and tea order was longer and I had to remind them several times that we ordered it. Getting a fork was like pulling teeth.  When I dropped my fork on the ground, and a waiter picked it up and offered to get me a new one I was relieved.  Too bad I had to wait and ask the host for a fork minutes later despite the promise. 

The waiters really did not understand English. I come from a family of immigrants and have no problem with immigrants attaining the American dream.   But if you're in the service industry,  you should be able understand the difference between still and ice water.  (They call is normal or iced water). 

The menu is poorly done. Unless your native to India,  you have to google most of the dishes you order as the descriptions aren't that good. 

The menu is vast,  but also dishonest and overpriced for what you get. We ordered a 13$ "15 item" lunch special. I only counted 11 items,  including the side sauce and the leaf it was served on. When the items are delivered to you,  unless your from India,  you have no idea what your eating because nobody took the time to tell you what's in there. 

The decor is the identical decor from the previous business (wok street),  except the tables. Wait....There is an another difference. There is no bathroom in this place. You have no walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom that day. 

Look,  if your going to serve food cafeteria style from waiters with screen printed t shirt polos,  the prices should be half of what they are and the service much faster. The prices aren't too much 35$pp...but you can't just open a place without any sort of adequate service or ambiance,  you can charge rates much more then a lunch cart.
i wanted to try this place because i heard such good things but when i finally got here... i had no idea what to order! i'm not very familiar with south indian cuisine. i'm used to the typical basic, tikka masala, butter chicken, etc. 

bc nothing looked familiar to me on the menu, i ordered the lunch sampler platter non vegeterian

i honestly dont know what i was eating, but it was so good! it was great to get a sampling of everything. i'm hoping next time i go i can have a better idea of what i should order here, i'm open to recommendations!!
Finally...South Indian food, spicy, flavorful, and pretty much like what my mom cooks/we get in India. 

Pros:
You walk in and it smells like it is supposed to! 
Great food options - wide variety for both veg and non veg. The rasam was spot on. The Kotthu parotha wasn't explained well so I was surprised when it came out (Its Parotha cut up and cooked with vegetables and eggs in our case) but again excellent. Had a ghee dosai which was cooked very well, presented well, and came with again perfect potato palya and sambar. So many things I want to check out on the menu. 
The biggest thing I liked about this place was that it was not trying to be fancy like so many other center city indian restaurants try. 

Cons (But honestly I don't care):
Tables were super small for the size of the dishes that come out
Food took a while to come out.
They were very slow at filling water and clearing dirty dishes
Most of this felt like new-business-will-slowly-learn problems and again, I didn't care because the food was fantastic. 

Forget all the other random Indian places in town, go here!
I was so excited to hear a South Indian restaurant opened in the heart of Philly! Being South Indian, I usually only see North Indian restaurants so I could not wait to try this place. We had a group of 7 and luckily my friend made a reservation which I highly recommend because I saw a line of people waiting at the door for a table after we started ordering - around 745/8 PM. When I got there at 7, only half of our party was there but we were able to be seated. We were given waters immediately which I really appreciated with the hot, humid weather. 

The menu has so many options it can be overwhelming. There were so many items I never even heard of. Now onto the food, we ordered the chili chicken, masala dosa, and chicken dosa as our appetizers which were tasty. Our waiter was really helpful in helping us pick entree items - I knew I couldn't have the typical chicken tikka masala or butter chicken I usually get. For our entrees, we each ordered a different curry which I recommend since you can get a taste of everything. We got the Chicken Chettinad, the Saag Paneer, the Chicken and Lamb Thalassery, and the Chicken Karaikudi curries! Everything was so flavorful and served with basmati rice. My favorite was the Chicken Thalassery curry! I also ordered a mango lassi which was smooth, creamy, and flavorful but i didn't think it was mangoey enough. Wish the drink was colder as well but it was still tasty. 

I ate so much food and was so full but it was so worth it. Will definitely come back here and bring my parents next time. I think they'll really enjoy it. The only downfall is there's only one restroom for the entire restaurant to use and when I went there was someone inside and 3 people ahead of me. It took me 20 minutes to get inside and unfortunately I wasn't able to say bye to some of my friends who had to leave.
Walked into this cute busy restuarant and was seated immediately.  The waiter was very friendly and brought over a stand for our BYOB champagne! The menu was extensive with simple descriptions of every dish. 
We ordered the CHICKEN CHUKKA which was loaded plate of spicy flavored goodness! It was recommended by the waiter.
As entrees, KOOTHU PAROTA with Shredded lamb was a very large portion of shredded parotta (similar to a soft tortilla) mixed with shredded lamb and spices. A very palatable experience! 
The MASALA DOSA-another thinner flaky layer cooked on a griddle, with a potato filling was a good choice.
To be honest, everything was amazing. No regrets!
Looking forward to return to try out other dishes. It is always packed and usually there is a wait for a table- shows how popular it is. Highly recommend!
Food was really good! Really authentic and delicious, as looking around at the clientele can tell you. I order the chicken dosa and it was huge! Although the meat was concentrated in the center, the accompanying sauces were great with the dosa. I would come again for the food but I was disappointed with the service. 

I had read the reviews before going and they highlighted how the food took forever, how the kitchen was disorganized and the time between dishes was really spaced out among parties, and how difficult it was to get wait service. Unfortunately I had the same experience. Luckily we weren't on a time crunch but I can't imagine going on a one hour lunch break because it would definitely have gone over. The waiters were friendly, but everything was just so disorganized, which was surprising because there were definitely enough waiters to serve all the tables in the restaurant.
you literally cant go wrong. The name of this place is so fitting because amma's means mom's. Im usually very picky with my south indian restaurants because I always find myself comparing it to my mom and grandmas cooking. This place comes very close for a restaurant! 

All the dosas were yummy and nice and crisp. A variety one that i recommend IF you like spicy food is the gongura dosa. It is a very south indian chutney spread inside the dosa- spicy and tarty. 

The other dish i really enjoyed was the idli fry- also another very spicy dish. 

To balance out the spice order everyones comfort food- yogurt rice- you know I definitely ordered this!
We were looking for dosa in Philadelphia and stumbled upon Amma's. The dosa was everything dosa should be: crunchy, lightly sour, accompanied by delicious sambar and other sauces. It came with potato masala which was also excellent. Can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu! So glad this place is open in Philly now
Delicious food, excellent service, amazing location. I am a butter chicken and saag paneer snob, and both were done to near-perfection. The staff were polite and extremely accommodating. Definitely a great addition to Center City; I'll be coming back.
I live in West Philly and haven't had Indian food outside of West Philly because I feel like nothing outside West Philly will be better (unless I go to NJ). How wrong I was. This place is incredible. The dosa was incredible. My friend who has been to South India says it's legit. I don't have a point of reference as to its authenticity but I loved everything we ate. We got the potato dosa, the saag paneer, and then a special eggplant dish. There was so much food that we ended taking half of it home. The staff were incredibly friendly and it was BYOB! Go here and you won't regret it.
Great place ....
The Place opened Two weeks ago and the food is very tasty & authentic.....
I had a spicy Royalaseema Kara dosa - reminded me of the time I had it in south India....
The flavours were so fresh.
Very reasonably priced for the location and the quality of food.....
Customer service definitely above par...
My server Nisha helped me choose the right kind of dosa per my choice..
And asked me multiple times if I was enjoying my food and whether it was as per my taste.
Overall a very good experience....
Some of the best Indian food in Philadelphia. It's a great plus that this establishment has halal meat in addition to some really great traditional South Indian dishes! Their food is always fresh and incredibly flavorful. My favorite dosa is the ghee roast dosa - so delicious and crispy! Make sure you leave room for the sizzling brownie.
If you wanna try some authentic dosa this is the place you should go to. Do not forget to get filter coffee. Make a reservation before you go they're pretty busy mostly but even if you have to wait the food will be worth it.
Philly center city was totally missing on the taste of South Indian food until this little restaurant opened up recently! Delicious food, tastes very authentic!

Three of us went on a Friday night and the place was packed. One of my friends had made a reservation, but they couldn't find her name, so they said to wait for five minutes. There were around ten people in the line ahead of us, so we were surprised how we can be seated in just five minutes. We waited, and it actually took 40 minutes to get us seated and 20 more minutes to get our food. Finally, the food arrived!! Our waitress was nice and checked on us a few times to make sure if everything is ok.

We ordered a kottu paratha, onion rava masala dosa, malabar paratha with kurma, and a aloo bonda for the table. Kottu paratha, dosa, and malabar paratha were very yummy and super flavorful. I was not a big fan of aloo bonda, it was a little dry.

Will definitely visit here again to try more items on the menu! The only thing the management is to figure out is the reservations and people waiting in line part. Add people to the waitlist and then give a realistic estimation of waiting time. If you visit on a weekday, you are probably going to be fine, but looks like there is always a long line on weekends.
This place is the god damn best food in all of Philadelphia, Zahav is nothing compared to here. Everything from the dosa to chettinad, it's absolutely divine. It feels like I'm back in the old country with the rustic brick walls and fake doorways. The bathroom is the only minimally adequate part, it's clean but the decor could use some updating. 5/7 would def come again.
My wife and I are dosa aficionados. We have had dosa in India, New York, San Francisco and Edison NJ and we were very excited when we saw Philadelphia was getting a legit Dosa / South Indian restaurant. Our expectations were very high and I must admit that Amma's exceeded our expectations. Their food was fresh, flavorful, spicy and enjoyable. Everything we tried was excellent and on par with the best we have had anywhere. We will be back often. Welcome Amma's and well done!
This place packs flavor and authenticity like no other Indian restaurant in Philly. I came here for lunch with my colleague who grew up eating South Indian cuisine, and this place brought him right back to his childhood. The place has a very casual sort of rustic yet plain decor. It is essentially one big room with about 20 tables. The servers are very attentive and the orders are served quickly. I noticed that the lunch menu was very reasonably priced. We both ordered the non-veg lunch special which came with an assortment of stews, soup, rice, bread and dessert. We also ordered the idli for an appetizer. 

I never had idli before. It tasted like a grit patty. It was very tasty. I liked the gritty texture. The sauces that it was served with were delicious, especially the orange pepper sauce. 

The lunch special was delicious and very filling. The bread was thinner than naan, but pretty good. The goat stew was really tasty. There was a chicken stew that was pretty good. The rice was very long grain basmati and cooked very well. The desert was like a pasty banana cake. For less than $20 (including appetizer), I was incredibly full. I am very glad this place opened just blocks from my job. I will be back. Their dinner menu looks good too. And it's BYO.
One of my go-to places for Indian food. Everything tastes fresh and homemade, I haven't ever been disappointed here!

My persona favorites are their ghee dosa, kothu parotta, saag paneer. The dipping sauces for the dosa are delicious along with the potato side they serve. The dosa is nice and crunchy and a hefty portion. The paneer tastes super fresh and should be ordered even for non-veg eaters!

I still need to try more of their entrees but I will definitely be back and would recommend Amma's to anyone looking for a great meal!
Came here last Friday night with a group of 7. We made reservations for 7pm, which I would recommend doing for a large group because by 7:30pm the place was packed.

We ordered 2 dosas (masala & chicken) and a chili chicken for the table to share. All of these items weren't anything to rave about. We were, however, very pleased with our entrees. We ordered the Thalessery w/ lamb and the Chicken Chukka. Both had good flavor and were not overpowering in spice level for me. We also ordered the mango lassi, which was effective in combating the spice. I just wish it were a bit colder.

All in all, we would definitely come back. The staff was friendly and very helpful with the menu, given that we aren't too familiar with South Indian cuisine aside from your typical chicken tikki masala and butter chickens.
By far the BEST South Indian food in the tristate area, if not, the entire east-coast. All of the food is very authentic and is extremely tasty.
My go to. I just love this place so much. They are the GOAT. I've gone back I don't know how many times but I've tried 4 types of curry. All of the soups. The roti was so good. Their mango drink was amazing. And it's for such a great price for excellent food. If you haven't gone there do yourself a favor and go.
"Amma" means mom in Telugu ( one of the main South Indian languages)

Growing up eating my own amma's food everyday, I was very skeptical about this place. But seeing how popular it had become in just a few weeks after opening, I had to go see for myself. 

The menu has a wide variety from the classic chicken tikka that most people have heard of to more traditional South Indian dishes - like dosas, idlis, and vadas. The menu is extensive so I recommend googling pics of things before ordering or going with someone who knows the cuisine - at least the first time there!

My thoughts: 
- Chicken 65 was dry - I think it could be made better with gravy. 
- The masala vada was average - a little more dense than I would have liked. My friend described it as similar to seasoned/spiced corn bread, which is a pretty spot description. 
- Chicken curry with rice was good - can't remember which type of curry I ordered but it was towards the bottom of the list. 
- The onion masala rava dosa was very similar to the dosas made at home so enjoyed this very much! It comes with potato curry as a side. 
- based on other reviews, I will try the chai and the uttapam next time!

I may have higher standards because I was spoiled with these foods growing up, but when my amma's cooking is not close by - this is a great option to satisfy that Indian food craving. This is a great and very unique addition to the Philly food scene!
I was so optimistic about giving this place a 5, but read on and you will see why!
My SO has been saying this for years that there is no good South Indian restaurant in Philadelphia, and we always took a road trip to Edison, NJ to get his fix. So I was more than excited to share with him the news of this gem opening up in center city. Unfortunately we picked the wrong day to visit- Sunday afternoon for lunch! It was packed and the average wait was 30 minutes, since we spent 10 minutes trying to get our name on the list, I noticed that the staff was clearly overwhelmed by the response and they were simply not trained to manage such a huge crowd. 
Any way we got our table around 45 minutes later and were given the menus, luckily we were able to place our order immediately, some of the other patrons had to wait a while, or get the attention of one of the servers. 
We ordered the chicken Chukka for appetizers and idli Wada with sambar and for the entrees we got the chicken khotu paratha and chicken biryani. 
Our appetizers came out within minutes, however we had to hail down a server for silverware, taste wise it was a 5/5, perfectly spiced and deliciously fresh. This set the bar quite high for the main course, while waiting for the entrees we looked at the menu more and wanted to get a dessert, after about 30 minutes we asked one of the servers to add the dessert to our order, 10 minutes later they brought the dessert but no entrees, after pointing out the obvious the manager rushed over and apologized profusely, we get it. The place is barely a month old. 
Entrees arrived and they were so so so so good! However we couldn't finish it all and took most of it home. Caution - food is authentically spicy so if you are not used to spicy food, ask the servers for other options( they have plenty) 

My second visit was today and it was during lunch hour. I got the non veg thali which has 15 different things on the plate! Each one as delicious as the other! 
I can't wait to go back and give them a 5 star review!
Came here on a whim for a late Sunday lunch and was thoroughly impressed! My friends and I are always on the outlook for authentic Indian food in the Philadelphia area and this place hit the spot on multiple levels! 

The place is decently sized, has an industrial type feel with exposed brick and piping. Overall more in the causal side than fancy. Definitely appropriate for both small and larger groups. We didn't have a reservation and were seated almost immediately.

The menu itself is authentic South Indian. We tried the chili paneer which was awesome. Additionally we got the rava masala dosa, onion rava dosas which were HUGE and so yummy! Also got the idli sambar (we weren't messing around lol) which was perfectly flavorful. Topped everything off with a nice cup of chai served in the cutest copper mug. Everything was delicious and tasted like home.

Overall, amazing authentic South Indian food, good price, crazy portions! We will definitely be back when we need another Indian food coma!!
Amma's is my new favorite Indian takeout! I had the most amazing feast tonight: Mysore bonda (fried balls made of rice, lentils, coconut, and spices), Onion Masala Dosas (crepe-like pancake stuffed with onion masala), Chicken Ambur Dum Biryani, Ennai kathrikai kuzhambu (baby eggplant in a curry gravy), Malabar parotta rasmalai (soft bread, similar to naan but layered). It came with so many delicious sauces too. The best Indian meal I've had in many years. Looking forward to dining in post-pandemic so I can eat the food fresh out of the kitchen .
We ordered Gobi 65, chilli paneer, and rava onion dosa. 

The Gobi 65 was absolutely delicious! Very spicy and deep fried. 

The chilli paneer was also great. I'm not a fan of the slightly sweet sauce but my sister loved it. 

The dosa was good too EXCEPT it seemed as if someone has spilled whole pepper in the dosa mix. So we kept biting into whole pepper and kept picking it out. That was annoying. 

We also ordered the filter coffee and it was legit! Took me back to memories of having coffee in India. Definitely get this! 

The service was really good! I would 100% come back here to try their non-veg food.
I was so optimistic about giving this place a 5, but read on and you will see why!
My SO has been saying this for years that there is no good South Indian restaurant in Philadelphia, and we always took a road trip to Edison, NJ to get his fix. So I was more than excited to share with him the news of this gem opening up in center city. Unfortunately we picked the wrong day to visit- Sunday afternoon for lunch! It was packed and the average wait was 30 minutes, since we spent 10 minutes trying to get our name on the list, I noticed that the staff was clearly overwhelmed by the response and they were simply not trained to manage such a huge crowd. 
Any way we got our table around 45 minutes later and were given the menus, luckily we were able to place our order immediately, some of the other patrons had to wait a while, or get the attention of one of the servers. 
We ordered the chicken Chukka for appetizers and idli Wada with sambar and for the entrees we got the chicken khotu paratha and chicken biryani. 
Our appetizers came out within minutes, however we had to hail down a server for silverware, taste wise it was a 5/5, perfectly spiced and deliciously fresh. This set the bar quite high for the main course, while waiting for the entrees we looked at the menu more and wanted to get a dessert, after about 30 minutes we asked one of the servers to add the dessert to our order, 10 minutes later they brought the dessert but no entrees, after pointing out the obvious the manager rushed over and apologized profusely, we get it. The place is barely a month old. 
Entrees arrived and they were so so so so good! However we couldn't finish it all and took most of it home. Caution - food is authentically spicy so if you are not used to spicy food, ask the servers for other options( they have plenty)

My second visit was today and it was during lunch hour. I got the non veg thali which has 15 different things on the plate! Each one as delicious as the other! 
I can't wait to go back and give them a 5 star review!
Finally there is a decent south Indian place in center city. The variety of food offered is good and the quality of food is good too. Hope they keep it up!
So much flavor in their dishes! Highly recommend this for authentic Indian cuisine. I love their butter chicken and chicken masala. With every bite you get a cascade of different flavors. When I have an Indian craving, Amma's is were I go!
Four stars for this one, one star is taken for the slow service and a couple non- stock cuisines. The food here overall was pretty good! My fav is Kothu paratha, but the goat was unavailable, so I had to go for chicken. This is also a very spicy dish, careful! Spicy Idli, dosa and lamb chettinad were good too. I don't think you will go wrong with any food here, will come back!
Excellent food and service. We ordered paratha for the table, masala dosa, saag paneer, vegetable korma, chicken tikka masala, gobi Manchurian, and medhu vada. All were delicious with the chicken tikka and saag paneer topping the favorites. Of note was the peanut sauce that arrived with the dosa...I could eat a bowl of that by itself!  I love southern Indian cuisine and am so happy Amma's came to Philadelphia. Our servers Brittany and Rageesh(sorry I know that prob isn't correct spelling) were super accommodating and so sweet. A very nice evening with great company!!!
I ordered delivery from Amma's after having a lunchtime craving for takeout. I've eaten at many an Indian restaurant, but this was the first time I'd ever tried South Indian cuisine---based on the reviews, I was eager to check it out.

I'll be honest and say that I ordered kind of blind---I didn't recognize much on the menu so I just went with some of the popular items I saw mentioned in the reviews. I ended up ordering the paneer masala dosa, the gobi manchurian, and the chicken kothu parotta. 

First things first, the portions are *large*. This was my lunch AND dinner over two days. So if you don't want leftovers or aren't sharing with others, be mindful of how much you order. As for the food itself, I wasn't a huge fan of the paneer masala as I didn't think it had that much flavor. The kothu parotta and the gobi manchurian, however, were delicious, and I'd happily order those items again.

Quick warning: the kothu and the gobi definitely had a kick. I handle spice pretty well, but the tell for me was that I needed a few tablets of Tums after my meal. So if you are spice-averse, proceed with caution. Otherwise, Amma's is worth a shot if you're looking to try something new.
I'm so glad that the south indian food niche in Philly has finally been filled! I guess Philadelphia Chutney Company has been around for a while, but this restaurant is definitely more legit. 
After a lot of planning and salivating over the menu, a group of friends and I ended up at Amma's on a Saturday afternoon. At 12 PM, the restaurant was not busy, but by the time we left a line was forming out the door!
In two words: worth it. I ordered an onion rava masala dosa (my go-to at South Indian places) and I was surely not disappointed. The dosa was crisp and flavorful, and the potato filling was soft, spicy, and perfectly cooked. It came with sambhar and 2 chutneys (tomato and coconut). I also had a side of rasam, which was spicy enough to make my nose drip, yet still tomato-ey and delicious. I finished my meal off with a GREAT filter coffee, in authentic metal cups. My only criticism would be that the rasam and sambhar were not as hot as I would have liked (almost room-temperature), and the price was higher than I would generally pay for a dosa. 
My friends also enjoyed their meals. Most got a lunch special (either vegetarian or non-vegetarian), which came in a "thali" (a large plate with an assortment of little bowls of dishes/curries). Everyone was excited to explore the flavors of each little bowl, and generally pleased with the variety. The only complaint I heard was that the chappati was too hard (seemed cold as well), and the vada (lentil fritter) was not as crisp as usual. 
TLDR: Food was great and satisfied my South Indian food craving. Some items were a bit cold (they're probably still figuring out the heating/serving times). I'll definitely be back to try some of their more interesting dosa flavors!
The food is soo good to me. Some places claim to have spicy food and it falls short but the food here is perfectly spiced and flavorful. Tastes really authentic. And I love that they have a good amount of meat and vegetarian options.
Upon opening the menu, I was really excited to see many options I had never seen offered in other Indian restaurants. I'm not very accustomed to Indian food, but I believe Amma's bills themselves as South Indian food. There's a healthy mix of vegetarian and meat-based options--you can basically pick any curry and pair it with a meat option.  Beware, if they put a chili on the menu, it is SPICY. We ordered a goat chettinad as well as a mango lassi, and were both sweating PROFUSELY (especially since their AC isn't that powerful, and the lassi was delicious but room temperature). However, the heat and spices of both our dishes was super addicting and we powered through. Portion sizes are on the smaller size, especially for the price (~$17/entree). We also ordered a  dosa, which was just meh. 

I'll give it a 4 stars based on my experience, but the fact that it closed down briefly for health inspection issues coupled with my friends' bad experiences makes me a little cautious of returning.
This is a hard review for me to write. As a veteran of the industry, I never, ever, EVERY complain about service. Servers, bussers and food runners have hard jobs, and deserve all our respect. However, in the case of tbis restaurant, I have to complain (and I did during my visit).
I brought my mom here for Mother's day -we were both craving Indian food- and were seated right away. The dining room is spacious, has a nice, minimalist decor, and the music coming through the speakers was entertaining but at a very reasonable volume. 
Our server was nice enough to explain some of the menu items (menus themselves are very non-descriptive if you're not specifically familuar with South Indian cuisine). 
I'm gonna talk about the food first, then the service. 
We ordered Baijjis for appetizers: potatoes, bread or onions deep fried in a mildly spiced batter, accompanied with a very yummy yogurt sauce. Very decent. 
For entrees, my mother ordered some kind of eggplant stew, which was spicy, flavorful and frankly delicious. We did have to send the accompanying bowl of basmati rice back 3 times because it was stone cold. Alarming. 
For my entree, I ordered a Dosa: a large flat crepe, folded over and stuffed with spiced mutton, peppers and onions, accompanied with three distinct sauces. It was, admittedly, very very delicious. 
So if the food was so good, why are they getting two stars? Well the answer is simple: the Dosa took OVER AN HOUR to come out. My mother was left eating her eggplant alone while I searched for someone, anyone, to explain what was happening. We mentioned the long wait period to three different staff people as they passed by; our server very clearly avoiding coming anywhere near our table. From the conversation i saw her have with the manager, my guess is she forgot to put my order in. While that is a forgivable mistake, purposefully avoiding your tables is amateurish service, and not worth the nothing-to-sneeze-at price tag of eating at this establishment. NO ONE came over to explain what was happening except for a poor food runner obviously going out of his way to cover someone else's mistake. 
After an hour of waiting, my food finally came out, and, like I said, it was delicious. At no point did anyone (and certainly not our joke of a server) come to check how everything was or apologize. 
I've worked in the restaurant world for many years and usually, when a customer is done wrong like this, there's some kind of compensation: a discount on the check or maybe a drink or desert on the house. Not this time. No one ever even approached us. We got our bill ($50!) And never heard from any staff person again. 

Writing this review pains me, I've worked these jobs and I knowbhow hard they can be. But not taking responsibility for your mistakes is simply unacceptable. Suffice to say, we will never be returning to this establishment. I hope they can sort their service out because the food was truly delicious.
Amazing South Indian restaurant! Loved the paneer masala dosa paired with mango lassi. Will be back to try more dosas.
Before moving back to the Philadelphia area, I lived around Edison for 5 years where I had a abundant selection of South Indian food to choose from. I've been looking for a place to get a decent dosa for some time now, and although I would rate this restaurant slightly lower if I was still in Edison, it satisfied my needs.

I've had the idli, vada, biryani, dosa and other dishes at this restaurant. Everything is good but to be honest, nothing amazing. The dosa is good and crispy. My only major complaint is that the sambar was not the good. Madras coffee was excellent and I'd advise to cap off each meal with it!

Overall: will satisfy your South Indian food urges in Philly
This is the best South Indian non veg I have found in the US. Strongly recommended. 

We loved the eggplant and the non veg meal. And the filter coffee.
Recently visited Philly again and got a chance to get breakfast or as we call it "Tiffin" at this southern Indian spot. The place did not disappoint, a downtown Indian restaurant which usually dial down the Indian flavor I was very happy with the food I got and the prices were very reasonable too.

Breakfast combo: Loved this combo. It had a plain Dosa with pretty decent accompanied with coconutr chutney and tomato chutney which was the best. The pongal was fresh and loved eating that with the sambar. The dessert option was "Payasam" which was surprisingly not watered down but very very creamy.

For Indian coffee lovers don't miss the free filter coffee you get with this combo, it will remind you of home.

Egg Kothu Paratha: it's been a while since I've come across this dish in the US. It was on the pricier side compared to other dishes. I suggest getting this only if you are really craving the dish. 


Overall, it's my new favorite Indian breakfast spot Everytime I go back to Philly.
This was a huge disappointment. The chili chicken was basically just crispy, unmarinated chicken drizzled in sauce. The parathas were literally the ones you buy frozen in a grocery store. This is the first Indian restaurant I've been to without any naan on the menu. The chettinad chicken and coffee were decent.
We had the dinner combo and feasted on so many amazing flavors. It was a great value and gave us a chance to try a lot of things we wouldn't have normally ordered! The value is there and the flavors dazzled.
Their parottas are the best! Didn't expect good authentic South Indian food in the heart of Philly. Surprised and happy !
Already the best Indian food in Philadelphia by a huge margin. We've been fans of the Voorhees location for some time and were super excited when this new location opened. It's hard to find good South Indian food anywhere and the dosas, idlis and other South Indian dishes are excellent, as are the numerous curries. The lunchtime thali is a fantastic deal. We will be stopping by very frequently.
Amma's is a nice place for lunch and a place to catch up at. The food has rich flavors and tons of spices. I was here with my coworkers and all of them enjoyed the food and atmosphere of the restaurant. I ordered the non vegetarian lunch special with has a variety of dishes from rice, spiced veggies, etc.

The meal is fairly reasonable. I would say the portions were a bit small for my appetite but it would enough for a normal appetite.
We stopped in for lunch on a Sunday 30 minutes after they opened and it had already started filling up. By the time it was 1 hr after opening there was a line of people who had to wait. My advice is to get there at the lates 30min after they open unless you have reservations. 

We had this curry soup that has rice and other veggies and boy was it good! 

Then we both got the South Indian Non-Veg Lunch Special.... $14! What a freaking deal. There is so much food. Don't let the small portions fool you. It all adds up. Every dish was excellent. I haven't tried all of the food there but I can tell that the food is just excellent. You can taste all of the spices and it's just a beautiful blend! You will love it trust me. 

The service however... not so great. They aren't trained very well. It's very slow and you have to constantly ask for your water to be filled or for them to take away your empty plates. These really are the minimum requirements I think. But either way the food is 10/10. You should still go there and I cannot wait to go back.
We foolishly decided to come here on New Years Day and had to sit in traffic.  It was absolutely worth it. We tried the Rasam Idli, Malabar Parotta, Chicken 65, and Ennai Kathrikai Kuznambu.  Everything was spiced perfectly and tasty.
So initially when they first opened  I gave this restaurant a 4-5 star rating. The food was and still is phenomenal however, the service is a very different story. I was going to Ammas restaurant at least twice a week if not 3 times a week. Just hoping and giving them more time to get it together and have better and faster service. But they completely failed and I just refuse to go there again or even recommend anyone. Don't get me wrong, the food is still great. But that's only if you feel like waiting at least 1 hour for the simplest dish! It's hard to find parking in the city as is so look forward to receiving a parking ticket. Every time I go there I have to keep bugging the waiters for my food. One time I could tell they totally forgot about my order because the food came out cold. I understand the weekends can get very busy and crowded but I've gone there during the weekdays and pretty much tried my luck on every day of the week. No luck at all. So if you wanna have great food but are willing to wait at least and I improvise on AT LEAST ONE HOUR then this is your place. I'm talking at least 1 hour for a simple dosa. Imagine how long the other more complex dishes can take.  They lost a great customer here. Needless to mention I'm always a group of 3.
So excited that Philly finally has a full-on South Indian restaurant! I'd been wanting to visit Amma's in Voorhees for awhile. Now I don't have to! My friends and I split Mysore bonda and gobi Manchurian for appetizers. Both were excellent - the gobi especially was light and not overly sweet, as it sometimes can be. We then ordered idli with rasam, and two curries - the Chettinad with "country chicken" and the Gongura. Both excellent. I will be returning soon. The atmosphere and the service was excellent.
I'm in shock. Not sure what just happened to my taste buds. The food here is outstanding. Ordered a tea and the vegetarian meal and went on a journey. I'll be sure to come back.

My only criticism is the music playing. It was this repetitive ambient music that was better suited for a funeral home. Change that up and you'll be perfect.
I never got here in person so this is my takeout review. 

First of all all the food looked delicious but there is one thing that really turned me off when I found a piece of plastic in the chicken curry. If it weren't for that I would give it four stars.

Curry was pretty watery and portion size was ok. I am used to getting more rice in other Indian places. All the sauces were kind of bland.
I did not expect such a great South Indian restaurant to be at 16th and Chestnut (well, it's actually between 15th and 16th). Outside of India and the UK I rarely come across really good Indian food, and there definitely isn't much in and around the Philly area. They are either catered to the western palate and/or too greasy. Amma's truly shines in their authentic flavour. It is not a big place, and they always seem busy. I passed during the weekday lunch hours and it is pretty much filled with office workers. I went here on a Saturday at 3pm and it was still crowded, but the wait was only about 10 min. 90% of the customers were South Asians so that was pretty promising. The service overall was pretty good; depending on the workers some were extra attentive and others didn't seem too happy to be working. The food was really delicious; I had to stop the urge to order multiple items, but more reason to come back and try out other menu offerings! I had veg thali which was on par with the ones I had in India many years ago. It was so satisfying. My husband had Kothu Parotta with goat - once again flavoured very well and not greasy at all. I really hope they will keep up with their food quality and stay for a very long time!
Absolutely amazing. I've never had South Indian food before so I got a couple things that looked interesting. Both were SO good. I will definitely be coming back again.
One of only two South Indian restaurants (that I know of) in Philadelphia. The food is terrific, well spiced and very tasty. A large variety of Dosas are served, although all seem to be made with potato filling. (Hey, I'm not an Indian food expert, and maybe that is how all Dosas are made.) Large choice of vegetarian and meat dishes. Service is quick and friendly. Highly recommended.
This place just makes me so HAPPY. Dinner is great, but for the best time, get a thali platter for lunch. A little bit of everything, all of it delightfully spiced, makes for a fantastic eating experience. 

Also, major bonus points for fast and frequent water refills - a small but significant factor in my book.
I had read some amazing reviews about this place so I figured I should come and check it out!! I'm not sure if I had high expectations or if the food was bad!

We ordered masala vada and dosas and everything was super bland! I felt like there was no flavor to the food! Not only was the food bland but the food took so long to come out! I waited about an hour for our dosas to come out and when we asked for more chutney, the waiter said they were making it....why do they not have chutney already made when it's served with almost every dish? I was so confused!! The chutney took another 30 mins to come out!! The service was terrible and I don't think I will be back!!

I think I'll stick to my moms dosas!!
I love the popular Indian restaurant items like butter chicken and samosas, which are more typically North Indian dishes to my knowledge, but I was so excited to try something a little different here! My friend and I ordered a lunch special and a masala dosa to share. We kept a menu in case we needed more food, but boy was that not the case. 

The lunch special was like a sampler platter of numerous curries, rices, soups, and breads, which were a little hotter and less creamy than typical Indian restaurant fare but all very tasty. As someone who needs variety with Indian food (love the buffets!), I really enjoyed getting to try lots of new things at once. The dosa was a HUGE crispy pancake the length of my arm, served with an inexplicably incredible potato filling and several dipping sauces. I was wondering how a pancake could be worth $12, but it was delicious and filling enough to be a whole meal in itself. These two dishes were more than plenty, and I'm still thinking about that dosa hours after the meal. 

Service was quick with waitresses readily answering questions and filling our water, and all the tables were appropriately socially distanced. If you like Indian food but want to try something new, come here and get their South Indian specialties that aren't served anywhere else!
One of the best South Indian restaurant in US. What makes them stand out is their usage of authentic spices and dishes that stay true to their regional roots. We had podi idli and idli sambar bowl which were as good as what you get in Hyderabad.
Seriously cannot wait for my next visit. Authentic South Indian food is hard to find so checking out Amma's was a great experience. 

This is the perfect restaurant for family style dining to share different appetizers, curries, breads and rices with your family and friends. There is a variety of selections to choose from that would not disappoint. 

Kothu parotta is one of my favorite south indian dishes and I was pretty excited to see it on the menu. The mixes of spices, flavors, meat, and vegetables were the perfect blend and consistency.  All of the dishes were presented wonderfully.

It will definitely get crowded on the weekends, lunch and dinner but the servers will be accommodating to your needs whether it be one person or a big group of family and friends.
This was my first time trying Indian food and I fell in love with Amma.  Everything we ordered was delicious & fresh.  The only bad thing I i could say was that the line was out the door with people please trying to get into this place, call ahead!
This place is a great find when it comes to authentic Indian food in Philly. I tried coming here on a Sunday and it was packed with people waiting in line on the inside, so I decided to come back on a weekday evening with a friend when we didn't have to wait to be seated. The place was still relatively busy with only 1 or 2 vacant tables. The first thing I noticed is that service time is rather slow. It takes a while for the server to take our orders, and definitely over 30 minutes between placing the order and food to arrived. I had the chicken biryani which seemed small in the pot it came in, but boy was the actual portion huge. I loved the flavors in the biryani and the well cooked basmati rice. My only regret was not being able to finish everything on my plate. I also had the mango lassi to start, which was well done.
Have been here twice. First time, we were in a hurry and got all appetizers. Very good, especially the chicken lollipops. 

Second time we got real meals. Everyone was very nice. Guy explained to us what to get instead of naan, and although I suddenly daydreamed that he has to hear requests for "naaaaan" all day in American accents, he was very enthusiastic about describing the  alternative options. 

Dal curry - great

Kothu parotta (chicken) - Fantastic. This is like an egg/bread/meat combo. You'll just have to order it, but the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. Very nice.

Malabar parotta -  Fantastic. I guess parotta means bread. This was our non-naan. Had some of the qualities of Italian olive oil cake. Loved it.

Rasam - This soup was a bit too spicy and tangy for us.

Woman came by more than once to check on us, and we chatted a bit aobut the kothu parotta. 

Everything came out fast. We love this place.
Food: 4.25 Out of 5
My goodness almost everything I had on my non-veg lunch platter was incredible! Authentic flavors and they weren't shy with the spices! The owner checked in with me a couple times and I let him know yes I am slightly glistening from the spices but I love it. The non-veg platter is a set menu of a 7 small different dishes including basmati rice, plain naan, and a crispy dosa for $13.95.

Service: 4 Out of 5
I don't expect to have a conversation with my waiters when I'm starving for late lunch at 3pm. Also no news was good news to these folks.

Environment: 4 Out of 5
Only a couple blocks from city hall. Casual to business casual ambiance.

Overall: 4 Out of 5
A little pricer at $15.07 out the door. Not what I'm used to, but my opinion it was worth it! In addition it was all that you can eat lunch when you order their one of their lunch specials, just let them know! More please!
Amma's is the restaurant Philly needed.  I tried there dosa and it was just delicious. The owner and the staff are really friendly. We went on a Saturday night and it was super busy. So somehow they served 4 of us and forgot to bring out food for the other 2 people. So when we asked the manager, he made sure we got the food in the next 5 mins. And then he was kind enough to send us a Sizzling brownie at the end. There Ras malai is the best I have had in the country. I recommend this place strongly but would suggest a little more attention to the orders.
This is one of the few amazing South Indian places around Philadelphia. While the food is amazing, the service was slow, inattentive, and honestly overwhelmed. This could be very well due to the new opening and just unexpected volume. But the food was amazing. We've been doing takeout since and it is absolutely worth the wait. It's also great to sit down and eat if you have some time. Maybe Philadelphians are used to a quick turnaround and service and this place asks you to sit down and take time to enjoy the experience. Either way, we will be continuing our weekly takeout from there!
