I went to Amuse with some co-workers today for their lunch special, and returned about an hour ago.  If you know anything about their lunch special, then you know to disregard typos etc from here on out.

For those that do not know, Amuse hosts a unique power-lunch.  It harkens back to the era of mahogany desks, 3 piece suits, and the mandatory snifter in each wood-walled office.   Where a mid-day martini was not only not frowned-upon, but expected.  And what better way to modernize this 50's-era ideal than to torque it to excess.  For at Amuse, you get not one martini with lunch, but 3.  Couple that with an amazing cup of french onion soup that could serve as a meal in itself and a fresh baguette.  Then, to throw the testosterone levels off the scale, toss in  a flank steak frites that is perfectly prepared, with 3 different sauces serving as its accoutrements, and now you are ready to make some serious deals.  Three martinis, soup, and a steak, for $30 practically seems like 50s era pricing to boot.  

Never mind the fact that you are enjoying this delicious meal in the presence of massive chandeliers and neo-classical furnishings, completed by a large hearth, with a fire ablaze.  I strongly recommend this lunch special to all who enjoy their  classy beverages and some serious food.
#lateryelp for 1/30/13

I went to Amuse for January's Restaurant Week (1 appetizer, 1 entree and 1 dessert for $35) and had a great experience! My friend and I arrived around 5:30pm on a weekday. It was completely empty so we had an attentive waiter.

The food was amazing - the flavors were well-balanced and the portion sizes were perfect! 

Cured duck starter (starter) - The waiter brought out a starter of cured duck w/ tiny croutons compliments of the kitchen. It was okay - nothing spectacular. 

French bread (starter) - The bread was presented in a paper bag which i thought was unique - it felt very European/rustic. You could tell they just took it out of the oven because it was hot and fulfilled the 2 golden rules of perfect bread: crunchy on the outside & soft on the inside. 

Lobster bisque (appetizer) - They didn't skimp on the lobster - every spoonful had a big chunk of lobster which was luscious and silky. The bisque had an interesting earthy undertone - almost as if it was infused with mushrooms. It's hard to describe but all you need to know is that this soup is yummy!

Scallops and Pork Belly (entree) - The dish came with 3 scallops and 2 pieces of pork belly. It was surprisingly filling. The scallops were succulent and had a nice sear on the outside though I didn't care for the accompanying apple compote. The pork belly was the true star on the plate. It was almost melt in your mouth tender, and I really enjoyed the braised red cabbage and pork belly pairing. The entree was my favorite part of the meal.

Pumpkin cheesecake (dessert) - The pumpkin cheesecake was fantastic. The piece was pretty big - I couldn't (but wished I could) finish it all. 

The mint chocolate was a nice touch to cap off my meal.

I would definitely recommend coming here for dinner because the decor was beautiful, and you get an awesome view of the city lights. 

And don't forget to mention if you're a Starwood member! At the time, Starwood was running a promotion for restaurants in the Le Meriden, so I ended up paying $30 instead of $35! Membership perks FTW!
Groupon experience review:

I came across a Groupon the other day and snatched it, perfect for date night! $72 gets you 1 appetizer to share, 2 entrees and 2 cocktails total. 

I had perused the menu prior and was excited to try the crab and lobster salad -- come to realize they had a new menu and website was not up to date. We settled for the Lobster bisque which had two nicely cooked pieces of lobster in a rich bisque -- interestingly enough it was brown rather than that typical orange you expect. I thought it was great. Also went quite well with the bread that they serve you while you wait . The " perfect amuse bouche" that they served us was a spoonful of goat cheese paired with grape and beet -- such a nice refreshing start to a meal.

Cocktails: 
- My boyfriend got the Rock dove (patron, grapefruit cordial, lime, soda) that usually runs you $12/ glass. I had a sip -- a really well made cocktail as was mine
-  I got the Old Fashioned ( Knob creek, blood orange, pomegranate , star anise simple syrup and angostura bitters) 
Both were a perfect balance of each ingredient -- strong enough that I definitely felt the drink but very balanced. Honestly -- their cocktails now that I think are pretty damn good even comparable closeee to Franklin Mtg / Tippling place. Not a bad idea.. since it's never crowded! 


Food
- I went with the Lobster Bouillabasse which usually runs you at $32. The flavor was very well developed in the broth. 3 well cooked shrimp, piece of lobster, a few littleneck clams -- although one of them didn't open and I was surprised to see it served on my plate. 
- Boyfriend went with their steak frites -- and I had a piece -- perfectly cooked at a medium rare as requested. One of the best steak frites I've had -- simply seasoned but well cooked.


Tip: Our bill would have been $108 without tax and $118 with tax if we hadn't used a groupon. I think this place is 100% worth the groupon -- pretty steep otherwise.
The worst French restaurant I've ever had the displeasure of dining in.

I came here for Restaurant Week with five friends, hoping to find a new place to dine-- because quite honestly, if a place is good, I'll eat there regardless of the normal pricing... but I would never come to this restaurant again.

I ordered the Duck Rilette as my first course-- the crostinis were so hard, you could've built a storm shelter with them-- two of the six of us gave up completely and used the soft baguette appetizer they'd given us instead. The duck rilette itself was terrible-- no flavor at all and it tasted literally like grease and salt. The basalmic cherries were the only edible portion of the meal, and we didn't even get whipped black pepper brie!

As we playfully argued at the table as to whether the pasty, pale yellow portion of the meal was butter or cheese and upon asking our server, she confirmed that it was butter! There was no brie cheese to be found, and certainly no black pepper with it. So course one? Awful.

I should mention as well that I sat between two people and ordered differently from them so that I could taste everything: the French Onion soup was a bowl of sweet liquid salt, and the pear salad had the most unripe, grainy pears I have ever bitten into. Awful x2.

And oh, joy, despite being hit back to back with salt as it was apparently the only seasoning the chef was acquainted with, I ran out of water not once but twice? Because our server was absolutely absent. There wasn't any ice the water either, so it's not like I was drinking quickly-- it was just... absent.

Course 2, the crux of the meal! We all order different things, again-- I got the Steak au Poivre. It was cold on arrival, and on top of that, the potatoes that it came with were starchy and not fully cooked. My friend ordered the Skate Meuniere and said that she could smell it-- but as she got more to the center, the smell was terribly strong like ammonia and she couldn't eat it anymore. She's quite awkward about sending dishes back, and would've eaten it anyway but she said she couldn't bear the smell. The server insisted that skate was a "fishier fish" but agreed to take it back. (That's not true by the way-- it only smells if it wasn't prepared properly but I digress.) I should also mention that the polenta it came with was like day-old cream of wheat. Overly firm texture and you could cut it with a fork.

I should also mention that we had a very long wait time between courses-- twenty to twenty-five minutes for three courses-- so one would expect our food to be fresh since clearly the wait was them taking the time to prepare it! But alas, none of our food arrived hot and my suspicions were confirmed when they brought out another Steak au Poivre for my friend almost immediately.

Strangely, every course they would also bring out things that no one ordered and then take them back to the kitchen, so I feel strongly that there is no way they were making fresh food. Example, there are four of us who ordered the steak au poivre, so they bring out five of them and took the steak dish back to the kitchen-- or one person ordered the soup, but they brought out two of them and one is whisked back into the kitchen.

By course two, I was over it. Course three, I ordered the Post de Creme, but no surprise, the biscotti was stale. I'm still mad that I didn't think to send all of it back, but I was at a pricey restaurant so I had high expectations that made me second guess myself.

TL;DR: I am almost certain that they prepared ALL of their Restaurant Week food in advance and were serving their customers un-Food Safe meals without even heating them up or cooking them fully. I would NEVER eat here again. I wish I could report them.

If I could give zero stars, I would, but since I cannot, I'll say that the one star is presentation. The dishes looked beautiful. Maybe the chef should've been an interior designer instead.
I walked in ... and immediately felt like I didn't belong. It was 10 minutes to 10 and I tried to get some food. I stood around waiting to see if anyone could help me with that, but, just ended up standing around...

I stopped someone who looked like they worked there, as they typed away at a register monitor, I asked, "do I just sit anywhere?" and he replied with turning around and walking away. I then waited again... for anyone, in the empty restaurant(?) or bar... to help me out. The only break I got was when a spot opened up at the bar - so I figured that was my chance. 

The GOOD: I just needed a quick snack for dinner before heading out. I got sliders, one Lamb, one Beef, one duck. Tiny in size but, with a side of fries, errr... um, pommes frites... a good amount for a quick bite and paired with a Stella, under $20.

The BAD: Only the beef was the juicy of the three - the other two were dry. They were small, but - about three bites each - so, all together, a decent amount.

OVERALL: Amuse was just good. I didn't understand the douchey server - but the bartender more than made up for it. Bar food was decent price, while the full menu had prices around 25-30 bucks. Fancy. Overall though this was a quick bite to eat, I enjoyed the feel of the place even though it seems far more pretentious than it needs to be.
Went here with a large group for restaurant week. Service was incredibly slow despite dining space being small. 

Food was only so-so. French onion soup was underwhelming for an establishment that advertises as French. Some friends ordered the salmon salad - no one finished theirs. Apparently the medley of ingredients was confusing to say the least. 

I had the steak frites - it was good enough but cold. I did have to season the fries pretty dramatically though to get some more flavor into the dish. 

I had the chocolate cake for dessert but really I just stared at it. There were a lot components - none of which were tasty. The cherry garnish tasted precisely like cough syrup. Others who got the creme brûlée were also disappointed and left their desserts pretty untouched.

I wasn't a fan of the Malbec either. Had a cheap taste. It is safe to say I'm never intentionally going back but if the food wasn't so overpriced I'd say place is OK.
It was three-day weekend, and we needed a day of freedom. At Amuse, Kathleen D, Brian(her brother) and I earned an easy & relaxed summer evening. 

Located inside Le Méridien, Amuse is a great place to take a first date. I promise you, you won't be disappointed with this French bistro. I would bet on it.  After you pass the pretty pink glass door, sit back on one of the chrome & white leather seats, and relax as you look at City Hall's illuminated clock through the dining room window. You'll find the chic decor is casual, yet glamorous & very sophisticated, (i.e: those glass bubble chandeliers: Love, Love, L.O.V.E,) as is the menu, with a signature Steak Frites dish for dinner. Hmmm Mmmm!

After bitting on warm baguettes - served in white paper bag, we were given complimentary amuse-bouche, I think we had duck confit. We'd have enjoyed it, if it wasn't Duck. Why?!
My Steak Frites was extraordinary; cooked to perfection, beautiful and juicy medium-well - just the way I like it. Brian was satisfied with his traditional French Onion soup, and Kathleen enjoyed her pommes frites as well. However, I totally regret passing on dessert. Totally!

I'll be coming back for more Steak Frites, and try some French pastries and/or desserts. If you think the prices seems a little steep, look out for Groupon deals. Now that's a steal! $32 for $50 worth of French dinner!

Four and Half Yelps.
4 1/2.  I wasn't quite sure what to expect when my group of 8 headed here last night.  We were NOT disappointed.  When we sat down we all collectively had a wow, this is pretty swanky moment.  The decor is totally fun, modern, and for lack of a better word, swanky.  

The bread was served as warm whole baguettes - a plus in my book.  We were then brought an amuse bouche of asparagus soup.  I ordered the steak frites, and was very pleased with my meal.  It was served with 3 sauce accompaniments.  The meat was cooked perfectly and I felt like they actually granted my medium rare request . . . most places like to eliminate the rare part.  

A great dinner and a great venue!
I was craving Steak Frites and this sounded fantastic and reasonable, so I chanced a visit here for Sunday night dinner and was impressed. My friend was a bit worried that she wasn't dressed up enough but jeans, a nice shirt, and cute shoes/heels are perfect for this place. The maitre d' took our coats for us and took us to the table right in front of the fireplace. We were the only people in the dining room (everyone else was at the bar) but that didn't bother us one bit. 

The staff was courteous and very helpful. Our waiter was fantastic and the service was great. The cocktail list is just perfect for a drinker like me and I love how the listed drinks by type. I chose the royal rita (7.75) and my friend got the liberty bell (8.50) and for the price and quality of the drinks, this is definitely some place I would come back to just to enjoy the cocktails. Both drinks were strong and mixed perfectly. A definite must try for whiskey drinkers.

We also received fresh bread, which I could not stop eating!, and a little appetizer (for free) before our main course. And what a main course it was! My friend and I had spent a few days in Paris two years before this and had eaten at one of the best restaurants in Paris which served exclusively steak frites, so in honor we knew just what we were getting. And it was delicious. I usually like mine rare, but decided to take the advice of the chef and get it medium rare and it was perfectly cooked. The dips were scrumptious and the bearnaise aioli was my favorite. I savored the food for as long as I could and was so sad that it was gone.

But I was delighted when our waiter came back and informed us that the chef was sending out a dessert on the house just for us, to remind us of our Paris visit. He brought out this layered delight that was a cream sauce for the base, three layers of puff pastry, with strawberries, blackberries, and blue berries scattered for the filling. It was to die for. Perfect blend of crispy, tart, and sweet! 

Overall I was very very impressed. The decor is beautiful and the fireplace was a fantastic finish. The staff were very friendly and the overall experience was delightful. I very much intend to come here again, especially for the drinks, and do hope that they are getting more service during the weekday. This is one place that I hope will survive.
I'm surprised this restaurant only has 4 stars and 56 reviews. My husband and I went yesterday for restaurant week and it was such an amazing dining experience. Service was very good, our waiters gave us suggestions that were not disappointing. The drinks were palatable on their own. I started with the rooftop garden which had nice hints of cucumber. My dishes were fairly heavy so it helped as a palate cleanser too. The warm bread had that great texture of crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside with the butter complementing it well. We also received an amuse bouche that was a nice touch to the beginning of our dinner. As a starter I wanted to try the "Cider Foie Gras Torchon". The flavors complemented each other very well and the foie gras melts like butter. For the restaurant week menu we chose the lobster bisque as the first course. My husband says it's like lobster bisque he's never had before. It was very delicious and filling on its own. As a second course I ordered the scallops + pork belly while my husband ordered the duck. Both dishes were cooked very well and savory. Their dessert was just as delicious. At the end, we also received petits fours of dark and white chocolate. Overall, I was very impressed and would definitely recommend this place. I hope to come back soon.
Purchased a Travelzoo voucher and had a wonderful experience at Amuse.  First of all, I went during restaurant week but there is no question that the Travelzoo deal is a better option.  It was $59 for 2 apps, 2 entrees, a dessert, and two glasses of prosecco.  You were not choosing from a limited restaurant week menu but had full reign of the regular menu. 

For the appetizer I had the onion soup and my wife had the scallops and pork belly.  Both were very good.  The scallops were delicious and cooked just right.  For an entree I had the beef tenderloin and my wife had the chicken.  Both were excellent, I thought my steak was better than the chicken.  In fact, it was one of the best steaks I've ever had.  Surprisingly better than del friscos, capital grille, or union trust which are normally where I would go for a steak in the city.  finally for dessert we had the apple cobbler which was freshly made and also very good.  

The service was excellent and the ambiance is very good for a hotel restaurant.  The only thing that could make it better is if it was shut off from the bar to give a more intimate dining experience.  I also enjoyed the fact that their wine list offered a wide range of choices at varying prices.  I'm not a wine connoisseur so I normally look for a less expensive wine in a style that I like.  I was pleased that they had about 5 or 6 bottles in different styles at a $35 price point.  

All in all the place is excellent and I wouldn't have felt bad if I had been paying full-freight.  I will not hesitate to return.
I was lucky enough to be treated to a lady date here. 

I can't remember everything that we ordered but it was all seafood, and it was all scrumptious.  The service was excellent, though we were one of the only tables there, so there would be no excuse for it not to be.

I would definitely go back here if the situation presented itself.
Outstanding!!! The ambiance is sleek and sexy.  We had a beautiful view of city hall at night from our window table.  Highly recommend the citrus martini.  The lobster bisque was amazing with CHUNKS of lobster.  The striped bass and steak frites both cooked to perfection.  The hot bread, tuna tartare and homemade mints delightful detailed surprises!
Still only 3 stars.  Stopped in alone and the bar was hopping - but the dining room was deserted.  Server was pleasant but often disappeared just when I needed her.

Delicous bread (baguette) and butter garnished with garlic chive blossoms.  Cute Amuse.  

Best thing?  Salad of rainbow chard and too-salty duck confit with a poached egg.

Leat favorite?  Mushroom vol-au-vent.  Too earthy for me.

$38.50 for dinner for just me - NO BEVERAGE NO DESSERT.

Ouch.
The boyfriend and I made a last minute decision to come here for restaurant week , primarily because it was the first restaurant on the alphabetized list that was also within walking distance.

We arrived at around 5:30 on a Sunday night to find just a few people at the pub tables by the bar, and the rest of the place empty. Not only did this turn out to not be a bad sign, but we also scored the most coveted table in the house, immediately in front of the oversized fireplace. Solid five stars for ambiance.

We started with cocktails from their extensive specialty drink menu. I had a Fleur de Lis (Finlandia, Chambord, cranberry juice, lemonade) and the boyfriend had the William Penn (tequila, lemonade, pomegranate juice) since they were out of mint for Mojitos. Both were delicious and I might as well add reasonably priced at around $8 each.

First came the amuse bouche, a shot of spiced apple cider, along with a warm baguette. The bread was served in a white paper bag, as though it had just come from the bakery, which I'll assume was kitschy rather than true. In any case it was delicious and it was all we could do to kindly decline the waiter's offer to bring us some more. Throughout our meal, service was flawless and all courses well timed and well spaced. We spent over two hours there and I appreciated that at no point were we made to feel rushed.

As a first course I chose the rainbow chard and red cabbage, served with duck confit and a poached duck egg. The combination was only weird on paper; the flavors, textures, and temperatures all complemented each other perfectly. Unfortunately, I didn't see the offering on their regular menu, but perhaps glowing reviews like this one will change that.

My second course was the Grilled Strip Steak, served with Brussels sprouts (which I typically tolerate but this time actually enjoyed), potatoes, and a mushroom vol au vent. I ended up offloading most of the steak onto the boyfriend because it was just too much for me (and his duck cassoulet was less plentiful), but what I had of it was very good. The vol au vent was a flop: pastry almost to the top, garnished with several pieces of mushroom. It wasn't just flaky but papery, and the mushrooms would have been better off on a pizza. 

We both ended with Pots du Creme, which were quite good, but also nothing special. I thought I'd seen creme brulee on the online restaurant week menu, but didn't see it there. I just checked online again, and sure enough a berry creme brulee is offered, so there must have been some substitution. 

The bill came out to $100 with tax and before tip, as I'd anticipated. I wouldn't say the quality of the food suffered because it was restaurant week, since there were very few other diners present, and all but our appetizers were listed on the regular menu. I would definitely come back here, if only for the decor and enticing cocktails (and my rainbow chard salad, perhaps?), but I wish the other courses were more interesting.
Awesome atmosphere, food was crazy good and the staff couldn't have been nicer. HIGHLY recommend the duck! My boyfriend said it was "the best food he's ever had, ever". I see that a few other posts talk about the Travelzoo deal which I also bought and let expire. The manager was gracious enough to extend a credit which was very cool of them to do. The hotel used to be a YMCA so there is a lot of charm and old architecture that has been enhanced with very modern, upscale decor, however, there was nothing snooty or pretentious about the place, especially the service. We were there for a romantic dinner, however, this would be a perfect place for a meeting or client lunch as you overlook city hall. We were most impressed by the pride of the folks working there. Everyone seemed genuinely excited to be there and to tell the story of the restaurant and all of the cool things to see and do in Philly. We don't live in the city and have many, many dining choices in the suburbs but this one is worth the trip!
One martini.  Two martini.  Three martini.  Lunch!  I took advantage of Amuse's Three martini lunch special and I was not disappointed.  What a bargain!  You get onion soup, steak frites, and (of course) three martinis of your choice for $30.  (Only in the month of September...hurry!)  The steak and frites were both delicious and accompanied by a delightful pesto and aoili sauce that spruced things up a bit as well.  Our server, who was the bartender, was quite friendly and helpful.  I have a dairy allergy, which left me unable to partake in the onion soup.  They were happy to substitute a delicious salad.  Also, there was a list of 5 martinis to choose from, but the bartender was flexible about those selections as well.  My only complaint is that I think they were a bit busier than expected.  There were no tables available (which is not surprising with such a great deal!) and the bartender seemed a bit over extended.  But all in all I was pretty darn satisfied.  I would stop back in for a drink or a steak frite lunch again.
A thus far undiscovered gem of Philly. Beautiful environment with the blown glass chandeliers and old wooden arches. The food is wonderful. Their specialty steak frites are mouthwateringly tender and tasty. The service is amazing, I went here once, then came back a month later and the server remembered our name and drinks, such a rare thing! I highly recommend it as a nice date spot.
For my birthday I wanted to try something different. I've never had french food before and chose Amuse to dine with several of my friends.

The dining room is much smaller than I had expected but the decor is anything short of impressive. Bubble chandelier light fixtures, fire place and pretty white chairs and tables. The tables were adorned with fun mesh place settings and plenty of bottled Fiji water to go around.

We started with some cocktail cuisine: Philly Pretzel Nuggets, Parisienne Gnocchi and Macaroni Au Gratin. I would recommend ANY of these as they were all delicious. I would also recommend getting a couple because they are inexpensive but also the portions are on the smaller side. As far as wine and cocktails, the wine list is pretty impressive offering a great selection and choices of 6oz or 9oz pours. I chose the William Penn cocktail, a mix of Blue Agave Tequila, Lemonade and Pomegranate juice. It was wonderful!

While waiting for our entrees the chef sent out complimentary mussels for the table. I believe they were in a type of white wine saffron sauce. AMAZING! I hope he adds this to the menu.

For dinner I had the Crisp Duck Breast. I have never had duck before so this was me being a bit adventurous. I must warn other newly epicurious diners I did not expect it to be served medium rare. I suppose I could have asked for it at the temperature I preferred but if this is how the chef suggests eating it I did not want to send it back. I will say, even though it wasn't what I was expecting I did think the duck was very good. It was served with a three bean salad, baby carrots and bacon apple gastrique which was DELICIOUS. Most of the rest of my party had either the Mustard Crusted Salmon, Free Range Chicken or Le Hamburger (which my friend described as the best hamburger she had ever had!). Everyone enjoyed their entrees.

We thought we were too stuffed with delicious food to have dessert but did manage to try the Pots du Creme and Mille Feuille Classique. I've never tried a dessert I didn't like and these were no exception. The Pots du Creme I recommend to the chocolate lovers. What it lacks in size it makes up in chocolatey flavor! I wouldn't share this one as I could have eaten the whole thing by myself. The Mille Feuile Classique I think is pretty large and good for sharing. It is like a pastry puff with a sugar glaze and a colorful display of berries.

All in all I would have to say I had a wonderful birthday and going to Amuse played a great part in that. The service was A+, the food superb. I would recommend this place to anyone who'd like to try some French cuisine.
T and I had an amazing dinner here before we caught the Philly Pops at Verizon Hall.

The atmosphere was dark and sexy with fabulous bubble chandeliers and a fireplace complete with chic silver reindeer and red nutcrackers. We started with an amuse bouche of beet salad. I've always thought beets tasted like dirt but this salad was different. Sweet and slightly crunchy. A delicious start. We both started with the onion soup. It wasn't created entirely of salt like other onion soups and had deep layers of flavor. It was almost meaty and chock full of sweet, caramelized onions and gooey cheese.

For dinner I got the steak frites. The steak was succulent and perfectly seasoned. Done a perfect medium rare, I definitely made the correct entree choice. And then there were the frites ... I don't know even know how to describe them. They were sublime, coated in butter and salt and somehow melted in your mouth. Par boiled and then fried? Whatever it was, all frites should be made exactly like that. The whole mountain disappeared embarrassingly fast.

T got the duck served with squash risotto. I had a nibble of both. The duck skin was crispy and delicious. The risotto was cheesy and tender. Yum. For dessert I got the donuts and coffee (donut bread pudding and coffee ice cream) and T got the blueberry apple crumble with salted caramel ice cream. The bread pudding was dense and not too sweet with crispy edges that were perfect with the rich, creamy coffee ice cream. The ice cream is made when you order. There was a slight delay in getting our desserts because the ice cream machine was having a glitch. Now THAT is fresh. The crumble was warm, the ice cream a perfect, salty compliment and the crumble was light and full of brown sugar and magic. Just ... so good.

Service was leisurely. Dinner took about two hours which was so nice. Michael, our server, was amazing, describing the menu and recommending favorites. He also had us out the door and in a cab so we could catch our show. We JUST made it since dinner was so relaxing but all that matters is we made it! An amazing start to our Christmas-y evening. :)
As Restaurant Week approaches, consider Amuse for your next dining adventure with your friends. Frankly, I was surprised at the quality of food from a restaurant housed within a hotel, regardless of whether it's Le Meridien.

So with a friend in tow, the GF and I stopped by. Spacious and well-designed, there's plenty of comfortable tables at Amuse. 

Rock Dove ($10)
Patron, grapefruit cordial, lime, soda

The GF and our friend went with the tequila-based tipple (go figure!). Smooth, with some subtle sweetness from the grapefruit cordial and some nice tartness from the lime, this was easy drinking.

Liberty Bell ($12)
Woodford Reserve, merlot, simple syrup, fresh lemon juice

I went with the bourbon-based drink, which was mellowed out by the merlot and the freshness of the lemon juice. 

Amuse Bouche
Pomegranate, apple, mint 

An amuse of pomegranates, apple, and mint offered a fresh bite to whet our palates for the meal.

Bread Service

Bread service featured a fresh baguette that was pre-cut, along with some perfectly room-temp Vermont butter with fleur de sel. Nice.

Foie Gras Torchon ($12)
Gingered apple puree, preserved pear, cranberry walnut bread

I had to order the foie a la carte, which was deliciously rich and creamy. The gingered apple puree and preserved pears helped to provide that countervailing element you're looking for. The cranberry walnut bread added texture and heft to withstand the richness of the foie.
 
Harvest Greens 
Tea poached squash, etorki, fig vinaigrette 

To start off the RW meal, the GF and our friend went with the well-dressed harvest greens salad. The tea-poached squash was light and fragrant, with the Etorki cheese really coming through with each bite.

Sweetbreads ($6 supplement)
Chicken fried, frisee, salsify puree, marrow jus, horseradish froth

As a supplement, I opted for sweetbreads for my first course. These were executed nicely, with the chicken-fry offering great texture, reminiscent of cracklins. The sweetbreads themselves were tender within and the horseradish foam was surprisingly light, yet cut through some of the richness. The marrow jus had good essence as well.

Striped Bass 
Organic spelt, harvest squash, cider carrots

For the GF's main, she opted for the bass. The farro was a bit dry (to me, it always is), but the meaty fish was well-cooked and moist. The sweet cider carrots had nice acidity to brighten up each bite.

Steak Frites
Marinated black angus hanger, pommes frites, bernaise aioli, bordelaise sauce

I went with a medium-rare steak frites. Unfortunately, the steak must have been on the pass for awhile since it was served a bit cold, but the beef itself had decent marbling and was well-seasoned. The fries were crisp and also well-seasoned.

Strawberry Tart
Whipped sweet creme fraiche, compote, mint crystals 

To start off our desserts, we had the strawberry tart which was beautifully baked and had an abundance of macerated strawberries on top. The sweet creme fraiche had a light texture and the mint crystals offered some brightness. 

Illy Mocha Espresso Mousse 
Macaroons

The macaroons were fluffy, light, and pliant. It was paired well with a dark chocolate espresso mousse.

Mignardises

Our meal ended with mignardises - dark chocolate, milk chocolate, and a truffle mousse as well.

Our server Megan was friendly and informed. And for the most part, our meal was on point. If you're a Starwoods Preferred Guest, you get 10% off as well, which makes the RW meal an even better deal! So while Amuse may not be on the tip of everyone's tongues for Philly's dining scene (likely because it's a hotel restaurant), I would definitely check it out.
When I stay at LeMeridian, I usually venture outdoors, there are great dining options in this city (my hometown!).  Only had breakfast at Amuse until this latest trip, who knew Amuse would be this delicious for dinner!?!

The fresh piping hot French bread is awesome!  Sure many restaurants have good bread service, but this is GREAT and by far one of my favorites.  I could not stop myself.  For dinner, I had the hanger steak frites.  Steak was well seasoned, cooked perfectly and simply delicious.

Last but certainly not least, the dining room is beautiful and service was fantastic (as always).  Fantastic "frenchy" cocktails to choose from too!
Me and the missus visited Amuse for brunch on a Sunday. I purchased a voucher for $49 dollars from Travelzoo. The voucher allowed us to order the following: two entree's up to $20 each, two drinks from the bar up to $14 each and two soft drinks up to $6 each.

We arrived early and began looking for on street parking but didn't have any luck. We had to pay $30 to park in a nearby lot. So plan for that if you're driving down.

The restaurant was very nice located inside a swanky hotel in center city.

We were seated immediately and we looked over the menu. I ordered orange juice and the missus had coffee to start. We started with the Potted Trout $12 Smoked Trout / Lemon / Olive Oil / House Made Cracker. The smoked trout was delicious and paired well with the cracker.

For our entree's I picked the Croque Madame $17
Thick Cut Brioche / Gruyère / Smoked Ham / Mornay / Sunny Side Up Egg / Herb Roasted Potatoes and the missus ordered the Bourguignon Hash $ 17 Shredded Braised Short Ribs / Kale / Jus / Pommes Anna / Sunny Side Up Egg.  Both dishes were underwhelming. The croque madame was a big sandwich with an egg on top. The best part was the gruyere cheese and smoked ham. I felt the thick cut brioche was to large for the amount of meat and cheese that was inside. The potatoes were over cooked.  The braised short rib in the Bourguignon Hash was salty and not as tender as expected. The potatoes and egg were fine.

We finished the meal with two Stormy Maria's their take on a spicy Bloody Mary. The drink was not good. It tasted like cocktail sauce mixed with vodka. I'm pretty sure it had horseradish sauce sitting at the bottom.

The brunch got even worse when we got the check and it had a $14 dollar service charge on it! We're in the process of working with Travelzoo too find out why the establishment charged this fee.
We've been going back and forth over this review for days, and a consensus has been reached on two stars.  The wonderful location, beautiful ambiance, and fancy menu nearly lets them get away with extremely expensive, middle of the road food.  

They were off to a great start with the perfect location and very tasty drinks, but that was the peak of the dining experience.  Our party of four had the Groupon voucher for a three-course meal.  Our appetizers were the scallops and pork belly, venison, and sweetbreads.  The sweetbreads were a little dry and overcooked as well as being a served with a sauce and foam combo that didn't have much flavor.  The scallops were cooked perfectly, but the dish just didn't pop.  I thought the venison was by far the best appetizer with its complex sauce and perfectly cooked cuts.

The steak and frites was the most successful entree.  It was perfectly cooked, but it was pretty simple for the price (not always a bad thing).  Two of us had the lamb.  One was perfect, and one was incredibly fatty.  It probably should have been sent back.  I had the lobster bouillabaisse, which was billed as the best in the city.  That was a high mark to meet.  This was average at best.  The seafood was cooked perfectly, but again, the sauce lacked complexity.  

The chocolate-hazlenut torte looked like a brick on a plate.  It was massive and ugly, but it was light and tasty.  (All four of us couldn't finish it...huge).  The other dessert was a maple creme brulee, which I really enjoyed, but got mixed reviews from the rest of the table.  

All-in-all, this is an incredibly overpriced spot in a beautiful location.  Including the Groupon, it still came out to $70 a head including tax and tip.  All of us walked out a little disappointed.
Rather having lunch from the conference buffet, I thought I would abandon that ship and sail off on Amuse. This single experience at Amuse made me want to go back and try everything.

After placing my order, the server starts me off with their Chef's Welcome Palate Cleanser, sliced radish with supposedly salted butter. They could have saved this and would have received a five-star rating on the sandwich. This was a disappointment. I don't believe it offered any kind of cleanser. Presentation was nice, but it was just a raw radish slice with unsalted butter. Yikes.

The Pulled Pork Sandwich gets five star, no questions asked. The pork is deliciously marinated and extremely tender, served on a brioche bun. It doesn't have any of those fried onion strips that other places use to add texture. They use house made giardinera vegetables that are in a vinegar marinade.  These vegetables alone make the pork and the whole sandwich sing. You'll take a bite and you'll get the perfect marriage of vinegar crunch from the vegetables to the bbq tender pork. Seriously, I wish this sandwich could come in a foot long version, I would eat the whole thing.

The sandwich is served with Pommes Frites. Although presented attractively and spiced adequately, they were a bit soggy. Either they sat in the back, it wasn't cooked to order, or under cooked, they didn't have a nice crunchy outside. Too bad, after the sandwich, I had extremely high hopes for everything else.
very nice restaurant in a hotel.. usually hotel restaurants aren't anything to write about, but i had a nice time. had a deal/coupon for amuse and went on a Wed night with reservations. The restaurant itself is small, but definitely not cramped. The view is pretty awesome too, city hall at nighttime isn't that bad to look at! The interior design was very nice, modern, clean lines, with some dark wood. 

the menu i thought was missing some key french dishes...escargot and rabbit being something i look for at french places. They did serve an amuse bouche which was duck and lingonberry. good flavor. the bread and butter were good. the drink i ordered, "With Love" was a decent cocktail. We ordered the scallops for appetizer. 3 decent sized scallops, cooked nicely. I liked the carrot puree, but the cashew for the texture (crunch) was a miss for me. I thought it should've been fried/crispy onions or even something generic like crispy bacon bits. But overall, the app was good, everyone in the dining area seemed be ordering it. 

Entres, I ordered the rack of lamb, my date had the lobster bouillabaisse. The lamb was cooked nicely, medium rare on the rare side, just the way you should be eating it. The lamb came with beans and some roasted vegetables. I didn't think they were anything special and almost had one note in flavor. I would probably order the dish again because I did honestly enjoy it. I guess i was expecting some crazy pops of flavor restaurants seem to be trying to infuse in their menus...but this was a good dish to me. I tasted some of the bouillabaisse. I know it should be salty, but this dish was absurdly salty, even for me (i like salt). The proteins were cooked nicely, but i think the sauce was reduced/concentrated way too much. I think it was a HUGE oversight on the chef/line cook. They just needed to taste it before they plated it. If they seen it was salty just add some stock to it to thin out the salt flavor and everything would be ok. I saw another diner order the bouillabaisse and saw that they did not dive into the dish. 

The service was OK for a Wednesday night. I think there was one main waiter with 2 runners. The waiter was attentive as possible and social, but he was juggling 7 tables. Putting our order in did take time, but this is "French Dining"... long dinners. In our American standards, the wait time to order would be almost  considered "unacceptable". Overall, i liked the meal. Expect Steven Starr prices. I'd go back for a special occasion.
I......should.......write.........this.........review.........like.........this, so that you get the idea of the speed of the dining experience at Amuse. But, first things first....

As you walk through Amuse's 20 foot oak doors, climb the stairs and go through their equally as large glass doors, you instantly feel like you don't belong. The place is immaculate. It was impeccably clean; chairs lined up perfectly, servers in crisp, clean black uniforms, marble and mahogany everywhere, AND, no one so much as looks at you when you walk in. We stood around at the hostess stand for about 3-4 minutes just looking lost until someone came to assist us. Also, there was some CREEPY video playing behind the bar of a man standing perfectly still in the middle of the ocean. The waves were moving but the silhouette was PERFECTLY STILL. It felt like Jason coming out of Crystal Lake. Seriously, creepy. 

ANYway, after finally being sat, we waited AGAIN for literally 10-15 minutes before our waiter came over to us. Despite his speed, which was somewhere between "glacier" and "turtle drunk on NyQuil" he was an absolute gem. He was VERY nice; almost suspiciously nice, and very polished. He was helpful and knowledgeable and took care of us very well. After placing our orders; onion soup for the misses and the charcuterie (meat and cheese board) for me, we waited....again. (Coincidentally, our DRINKS came back pretty fast; a cosmo for her, and something called a Boulevardier for me, which was VERY good. (Makers Mark Bourbon, Campari, Sweet Vermouth) The drinks are strong and not terribly over priced. Somewhere around $10 for each. As the drinks came out, our waiter noticed we had not gotten our bread and he brought it out. It was good as far as bread goes. It was piping hot and soft, but still having a crunch on top. The only knock was that it was served with like a quarter teaspoon of butter. I really wish there was more butter but at this point I was so hungry I would've eaten the menu.

When the appetizers came out, we got down to business. The misses onion soup was classic onion soup but my meat board was something to behold. Taste wise, it was good, not great; some pate', pepperoni, a soft cheese (Brie perhaps?) fresh ground mustard, ginger root and a fig compote served with crustinis. The presentation was beautiful. It was all served, nicely laid out on a wooden block. 

Again, we were Somolian hungry at this point, so apps were gone in a few minutes. Then, we waited. And waited. And WAITED. After what felt like FOREVER, but was probably around 40-45 minutes, out come the entrees; a pepper crusted ribeye for me (medium! what took so damn long?!), and a salmon roulade with artichokes and a white clam sauce for the misses.

When they say "pepper crusted," boy do they mean it. The steak was ENCASED in a pepper shell. I almost had to CRACK it to get to the steak. The steak itself was beautifully cooked, and was served with mushrooms and fennel bulbs, but the pepper overwhelmed the steak a little. The salmon I found to be a little "fishy," although the white clam sauce was delicious. With dinner, we also had two glasses of house wine; pretty good, with a standard pour.

Off to dessert, and this is where Amuse kinda went off the rails. On the dessert menu were 6 spice crepes. The description was "Chocolate Ricotta Filled, Bananas Foster Sauce, Nutmeg Chantilly"...uh, YES PLEASE! It was like someone wrote down my own thoughts for deliciousness and handed it to me. We decided to split that and away our waiter went. After another wait, (I honestly forget how long this one was. We were conditioned to ignore time and space by this point) out come our crepes. First, I don't know why the number 6 is in this title. There were TWO crepes. Second, I don't know why "bananas foster sauce" is in the description. There was none. Third, I don't know why this dessert is on the menu. It was TERRIBLE. UGH. 1 bite and I dropped my fork in horror. Our waiter came over to ask how dessert was, and I told him that I had to be honest and that it was atrocious. Like I said, this man was a gem, so he said, "let me make you an apple crumble!" And sprang to the kitchen to get us a proper dessert. He came back with a blueberry apple crisp with house made salted ice cream. The apple crisp was infinitely better, but still wasn't very good. I made it through 2 spoonfulls before I decided it wasn't worth the calories. I wasn't going to complain twice and thanked the waiter for his generous act.

So, final thoughts? Amuse is GORGEOUS. It is annoyingly slow and disturbingly quiet, and little bit dark in the dining room, but it is still a nice experience. The waitstaff is very professional and polished. The meals are good and the drinks are strong. The place has an elegance about it, without being pretentious. The prices were a LITTLE bit high (our bill came to $136)  and I can't recommend going willy nilly, but if youre going on a Groupon like us, check it out.
Really pleasant experience with great food and extremely attentive service (despite a rough start).  Upon entering, you are not even sure if you are in the restaurant.  It looks more like the hotel lounge for the Le Meridian Hotel (where the restaurant is located).  Our hostess was a bit overworked and there was only one waiter (it was a late meal) and her stress showed at first, so much to the point we almost left. BUT, when she came back, she was much more pleasant and accomodating, which continued through the evening when she checked back on us and brought us coffee and dessert.  All picks were fantastic, from the broiled brussel sprouts w bacon (we shared as an appetizer versus the side dish it was supposed to be), onto the warm and crusty french bread they brought to the table, continuing to the steak friites (cooked medium with AMAZING friites cooked in duckfat), finishing with a rich and decadent espresso mousse with french pressed coffee.  Our main server was top notch as well.  Definitely will return to this wonderful place.
Had the steak frittes and it was legitimate! Excellent preparation all around. Service was a little slow, Monday night...
Very disappointing. 
I made a reservation for our family to celebrate a special occasion. We arrived on time and the hostess was very short and rude with us. She sent us to the hotel lobby with a promise she would come get us in a minute when our table was ready. We sat for 25 minutes with no word from her.  When my husband went to see what the problem was the hostess was at the bar (not at the hostess stand) and the restaurant was only 1/3 full. We ended up leaving. Very disappointing. Amuse ruined our anniversary.
We had two really, really bad meals here during my work trip to Philly.  It is such a shame because the dining room itself and the service are both fantastic.  The wait staff especially were friendly and quick.  Helpful with the menu and good at making recommendations.  

The food was absolutely abysmal.  I hope it was just an off 24-hours, but my feeling is that whoever was executing the menu was not very experienced.  The French Onion soup was cold, the cheese on top had not been fully melted and I was not able to even finish it.  The Flounder was over cooked and the lentils that accompanied it were undercooked.  The pomme frites were oversalted and overcooked, yet cold (a theme for this restaurant, unfortunately)

We were rushed in the morning so tried it again for Breakfast.  Hotel breakfasts are usually good.  No so here.  My potatoes were cold and had an artificial taste to them and my bacon was over cooked / burned but still cold.  It was actually inedible so I sent it back and went to Starbucks.  

Very disappointing because this is a good hotel in a convenient area for where we have to work in Philly.
Came in with a party of eight and all I have to say was...we were entertained (or should I say amused), in both good and bad ways.

First, the good. Since we ordered so much, the staff provided a couple complimentary appetizers, which was really nice of them. The appetizers were really good!

I think one of the reasons they provided appetizers was because it was taking FOREVER for our main courses to arrive. We had to inquire about the wait time twice before staff realized we wanted to eat more than socialize.

The complimentary appetizers set the bar high, so once the main courses came, we were all pretty let down. One person ordered the salmon, and it came drizzled with BBQ sauce. ??? Also, the steak-frites were very...American and we ended up questioning whether this place should really be called a French restaurant at all. I myself had the Lobster Bouillabaisse, which was good, not worth the 34 dollars it cost. I would make it more like a...18 dollar dish. I ended not finishing it since it just wasn't that good.

While the servers were super nice in piecing together tables to fit all 8 of us, it was a bit difficult to get their attentions (or let alone find them) when calling for the check or even inquiring about our food order. I have no idea whether our orders were that difficult to make, but the cooks were taking way too long, considering there were only two other partie in the restaurant at the time.

All in all, the three stars come from the complimentary appetizers, the environment/ambiance of the dining area, and the cool bathrooms.
Ate here last week with my husband. The lobster salad was great!  The reason for 2 stars-service was not friendly. Our waiter seemed to rush us and took my martini that was only 65% finished. He didn't even bother to ask if I was done with my drink. He also never refilled our water glasses. We had to ask for more water after one glass was completely empty. I didn't expect this lack of service at a nicer establishment. I really enjoyed the food but got a bad taste in my mouth due to the poor quality service.
I took my girlfriend here for a special dinner a few nights ago. When we walked in, we were greeted quickly and seated immediately. I felt like I was in a much more upscale setting than I expected.

Our server, Michael, waited several minutes while we looked at the bar menu before he came over to our table. Constance is right, formal but not over-formal. He took our drink order of one Alibi and one gin Bloody Mary. Not even two minutes later, we had our drinks which were well crafted and spoke loudly of an experienced bartender. 

Michael timed his order taking and deliveries well,  we never waited less than four minutes or more than seven for a course to arrive or to place an order. Long enough to let the last course settle and not to feel rushed, but never long enough to be considered slow.

We ordered off the bar menu to begin with because it had things on it that do not appear on the regular menu. We ordered the macaroni and the cassoulet. They were both either outstanding starters or the best bar food ever. From there the courses changed to starters. We had the onion soup and the beet salad. The salad was well plated and presented and the flavors of the veggies used had interesting flavor contrasts. The onion soup was a real standout, some of the best I've ever had.

The main courses were going to have to be good after the starters and the bar. They didn't disappoint. I had the Steak Frites and my girlfriend had the sweet potato gnocchi. The steak frites was basically nothing more than a really high quality piece of marinated, grilled hangar steak with Belgian style double fried fries served in a steel cup with a paper lining. The chef clearly wanted you to think of European street food. The steak was coated in a sauce which could just barely be recognized as being distantly related to the sauce you get in a diner when you order the French dip. It was different enough and made with ingredients that were orders of magnitude better than said diner sauce.

The sweet potato gnocchi was another study in interesting flavor contrasts. There was enough sage and thyme in the gnocchi themselves that the greens and little pieces of crispy duck weren't overpowered. Definitely impressive.

I think that there are a few key points that need to be mentioned about this restaurant. First, there was enough food. The portions were not huge like they are in diners, but neither were they tiny as in restaurants that style themselves as the best restaurants in that particular city. I hate it when high end places do that. I'm hungry and I expect to be fed, why else would I be in a restaurant? And pretensions of fashion be damned. And don't charge me $60 an entree for something that would barely feed a four year old with an upset stomach.

Secondly, pricing. Amuse succeeded here. For the very high quality of the food and the excellence of the service, I would expect to pay around $75 a head, not including the bar tab. Imaging my pleasant surprise when I paid only $75 a head including tip and the bar tab for two. 

Overall, this place is a real jewel in Philadelphia's crown. I'll definitely be going back.
I first went there with family because we had a coupon, a great deal that got us 4 drinks, 2 apps and 4 entrees.  The drinks were amazing and so were the apps.  For dinner the lobster bouillabaisse was extremely tasty so much that we were drinking the broth.  I unfortunately got the ribeye, which was pretty much inedible.  I told the waiter about it and got the steak frites instead, which turned out to be juicy and delightful.  The manager came up to us and apologized for the horrible ribeye and gave us the meal on the house as well as 4 free desserts.  They told us to come back, gave us their email address and told us to use our groupon at a later time.
I did come back with friends and used the groupon.  I emailed them like they said to let them know we were coming.  They took care of us extremely well.  Food and service was impeccable.  I highly recommend the lobster bisque, lobster bouillabaisse and steak frites.  For dessert, they make everything in house, but our favorite had to be the homemade gelato.  I  highly recommend this place, they definitely take care of their customers and deliver amazing food and service!  We will definitely be back!
Yummy breakfast.  With kids home from college, my partner and I were looking for a place to have both a casual a good breakfast.  We definitely found it in Amuse. The building is a historical property, having served as both the YMCA and the Pennsylvania Atty. Gen.'s office during its history.  And now, completely refurbished, houses Le Meridien hotel with Amuse as the restaurant on the bottom floor.

Our reservations, made through Opentable.com, were honored on the spot.  Service was extremely good. Their breakfast menu consists of several hearty selections, including freshly squeezed orange juice, delicious Eggs Benedict, and sumptuous pancakes.   Their coffee is superb.  We will have to come back at another time to try some of their other selections.
Had lunch for three of us yesterday. Very surprising to find this kind of quality in a hotel restaurant ( or any restaurant for that matter! ). The French onion soup was simply the best we've ever had. We've been going to the best restaurants in St. Martin for 25 years, and haven't had better. And the Cobb salad was inventively presented and delicious. The waitress was equally impressive. Go before this place is found out and gets crowded!

                  Steve
-- // The Place \\ --
Quiet place with just a few seats, tucked away beside the hotel lobby. View of city hall at night is nice. But, service here was pretty slow.


-- // The Menu \\ -- 
Menu was surprisingly simple (just 1 page), yet tasty. Not too overpriced depending on what you get. Would highly recommend the pretzels and the well-seasoned fries.


-- // The Food \\ --
- Free bread: slightly stale tasting, wasn't a fan.. Used to freshly baked and warm bread though
- Pretzels: bite sized and piping hot, buttery with a slight baked bite on the outside, soft and chewy like a German pretzel on the inside. So tasty.
- Kale salad with chicken- grilled chicken was charred crispy, yet still juicy. Liked the texture of the salad: crunch with the apples, mixed with the chewy softness of the golden raisins.
- Lemon sorbet wasn't anything out of the ordinary but still tasty nonetheless.
My husband and I had dinner there on a Friday evening.  The attitude of the lonely server wasn't one I would have expected in a "French" restaurant, especially after we had presented him with our Groupon coupon.  Besides filling our water glass once, the server hardly came by, even though there was only 1 more couple in the dining room for the duration of our meal.  The food was very average at best.  The quality was definitely lacking.  Somehow, our liquor charge was way over what was stated in the menu ($48 instead of $27).  Since liquor was included in the cost of the Groupon coupon (up to $65 total), we ended up paying a lot more out of our pocket, and we tipped the waiter more than we should have (based on the original bill).  Overall, it was an unpleasant and disappointing experience.  For hotel guests trying to grab a quick and convenient snack, that place may do.  A good French restaurant it is not!
A sweet ending to a great birthday weekend. 
We traded the view from R2L for the one of city hall here at Amuse. 
I think this place gets over looked because of location. 
We had a Groupon for dinner for two with 2 drinks 1 app & 2 entrees. 
There were a couple of hiccups & service being slow but on the whole this was a great experience and we weren't in a rush to get anywhere.
We ordered our drinks and were offered a complimentary amuse bouche, unfortunately we had to decline it since it was clam based and my better half is allergic to shellfish (something we made note of when we booked through OpenTable) the waitress apologized and we said it was no big deal. She came back a few minutes later with a vegetarian version for us which was really nice of the kitchen & chef. The fresh baked bread they brought to the table was great, crusty and warm. We ordered the pea puree ravioli as the starter and it was very nice. I ordered the steak medium well and he ordered the lamb 2 ways medium rare. Here was the only big hiccup of the evening, the dishes came out reversed on the done-ness. The lamb was medium well and the steak was medium rare. So we just swapped since we planned on tasting the other's dish anyway. We let the waiter know because they saw us swapping plates and asked if everything was ok. We told them it was no big deal but to make up for it they gave us desserts on the house which was very nice.
I got the mixed berry napoleon cake and it was honestly one of the best version I have ever had. It was a deconstructed version and I'm kicking myself for not taking a picture as it was beautifully arranged on the plate. We also got the orange scented creme brulee which I was told was also nice but I was too enthralled with the napoleon to notice or care. All in all this was a really sweet ending to my birthday festivities and I will definitely keep Amuse on my list of places to revisit for quiet date nights.
My boyfriend and I wanted to try out as many different cuisines as possible during Restaurant Week, and Amuse was our French pick for the 11th night.

After some confusion, we were seated just a bit after our 8:15 reservation. Rosie was our server and she's absolutely lovely! I ordered the Caesar salad, steak frites, and cheesecake. My boyfriend chose the salad, salmon, and cheesecake. We also both ordered the special peach cocktail on offer for Restaurant Week.

The cocktails were just okay- we ordered the same drink, but one came in a very large glass, and the other came in a highball glass...? The salad was very good, with really fresh greens. The salmon was tasty, but my steak was awful. It was cold, while the fries were hot. They re-heated the steak and it came back out rubbery and gross. I ate one bite, and just ate the fries. The cheesecake is fabulous and very rich without being overly sweet.

We will never come back, but it was an interesting experience!
I headed here based on the other Yelp reviews and the proximity to my hotel.  This place is located in Le Meridian hotel and once you walk in, you are greeted by the ultra-modern looking bar and bar seating area.  There is a small podium to the right of the door with a sign on it for the restaurant portion but when I arrived, there was no hostess in sight, nor any wait staff to be seen in what I assumed was the "restaurant" seating in the next room.  Considering it was Monday night, I wasn't surprised to find that the dining room was mostly empty but the service was PAINFULLY slow despite the place not being busy in the least.  The bar tender at the not very busy bar clearly knew I was there at the podium and waiting but he ignored me and said nothing to the hostess/waitress who was ringing up checks next to him.  It was about 10 minutes before she finally made her way over to me, looking very harried and stressed out despite there being only one person actively dining in the bar area.  The dining room area itself is small with about 15-20 tables at most, very dark, and lacking in any soul or character.  It's all modern monochrome grey and white and chrome and does not evoke a French bistro in any way, shape, or form.  After I got my menu, the hostess disappeared and a waiter didn't show up for several minutes, at which point he filled up my water glass and disappeared without asking if I was ready to order.  Several minutes later, he finally returned to take my order.  

I went with their signature steak frites and while waiting, was served the Amuse bouche of the that night: a slice of filet topped with a Meyer lemon crab salad.  It was actually a nice, tasty bite and left me anticipating the food that was to come.  When the main meal came, the frites were served in a metal cup lined with parchment and while they looked neat that way, I could tell they were on the overdone side by the color despite the very dark room.  The frites had definitely been left in the fryer too look because they oozed grease with every bite, to the point that interiors were almost pure oil.  The steak was presented nicely with the aioli and ketchup in little ramekins on the side and was tasty, but on the underdone side despite my asking for it to be cooked to medium done-ness.  Some slices were definitely still on the blue side at the very center.  It didn't bother me because I eat my steak like this at home sometimes but may be off-putting to other diners who prefer their steak on the more done side.  The main problem I had while working on the steak was that the plate kept sliding on the marble table top because, contrary to all the table photos posted here, I had no place mat.  None of the tables that night did.  

Again, it took the waiter a long time to refill my water glass and I was tempted to get up and do it myself from the water bottles they kept on ice in the champagne buckets along the wall but he came back around before I could do so.  There was another long delay between bringing my check and picking up my credit card during which he obviously took a smoke break because I could smell it on him when he finally returned.  There were only two other people in the dining room that night so I don't know what was so demanding that he couldn't be more attentive to the diners or why he looked so harried--the same feeling I got from the hostess.

In summary, service leaves a lot to be desired, the ambiance of the place leaves you feeling cold, the food was so-so and not cooked properly, and I will definitely not be back.
Tried very hard to spend money here; but they weren't having it.  We went on a Saturday at lunch time, the space (which is basically the hotel lobby, the bar faces the front doors) was empty other than hotel guests waiting for assistance with their luggage.  Yet they were open - a couple was dining in the dining area.

We finally found a waiter, who said we could sit at the bar and someone would be right out.  

Then - nothing. No sign of life, even the waiter disappeared.  No bartender, no waiter, not even a bellhop.  We waited...and waited...and finally gave up, and left.
Now, I'm not normally a fan of hotel restaurants. For one of my Christmas gifts, my boyfriend purchased a TravelZoo coupon for Amuse that consisted of 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 glasses of prosecco, and a shared dessert. We were a little greedy and went with 2 desserts and ordered a glass of the Cotes de Rhone (to remind us of a 2 euro bottle of the same wine we got in purchased Paris), but the everything was incredible!!! We were first offered and amuse bouche from the chef of salmon and kale. Nom nom. I went with the crab salad with a lemon and white truffle vinaigrette which was outstanding! My beau got the venison angiolotti, so delicious and tender I needed to taste it 3 times. For our main meals, I got the filet mignon with a potato cake and butternut squash in a red wine sauce while he went with the lobster bouillabaisse. Both were out of this world! For dessert, an apple and cranberry tart with 6 spice ice cream, for him, the maple nut creme brûlée. Our waiter, Michael, was amazing! At the end of the meal he offered us both another glass of prosecco, which I of course took! The dark hues of the room combined with our hearty meals, great staff, and a perfect view of City Hall make Amuse one of my favorite hotel restaurants!
3 Martini Lunch. enough said. 
This special was supposed to only be for the month of September but maybe they brought it back for the holidays?

A few girls from work and myself went for our xmas lunch yesterday. For $30 you get onion soup, steak frites and 3 martinis, we immediately were all "yes I'll have that."

I started with a french martini which I had never had before and it was delicious! It was vodka, chambord and pineapple juice--I love pineapple!

We received an amuse bouche which was a small spoon with artichoke and oven dried tomato. After that our onion soup came out. I am an onion soup aficionado so I was super psyched to try this. It was really rich and had a great broth except for one thing--it wasn't seasoned with salt! (don't look for s&p shakers on the table either--it's a no no) It also could have used some more cheese on top but either way it had a great slow cooked onion flavor.

Our steak frites came out after we had finished our soup and noshed on some baguette. The frites were PHENOMENAL dipped in the aioli, yes even better then the steak itself. I ordered mine medium rare and it was perfect in the middle but overdone on the ends. I enjoyed eating it with the shallot and parsley pesto. It wasn't too bad but once again the steak and pesto desperately needed S&P!

After my meal I ordered another martini, this time a cosmopolitan and whoa was it strong.

One of the great things about this place is that if you don't drink all of your martini's you can get vouchers and come back. Yeah it's a great marketing scheme to get you to come back in but it's pretty damn cool.

Definitely gets an A for decor, very modern and funky!
I vacillate between 3 & 4 stars because there are, indeed, numerous kinks (mostly service related) that need ironing out.

I came to Amuse with a group of 13 women, and we sat at the large high-top communal table in the bar area.

Service was scattered from the get go - they only brought out 3 menus, we asked for more.  They did not give us water until we asked.  Many of us had no cutlery nor napkins.  Again, we asked.

Sasha - one of our servers, was lovely - but stretched too thin to accommodate all of us, who ordered (partially separate checks) bar items, bar menu items and dinner menu items.  Items and courses sometimes came right away and other orders were lost in the shuffle and never arrived.

Meanwhile, my partner (on the same check) and I shared the $3 Parisienne Gnocchi (Paris is not known for Gnocchi, by the way), the $5 Mac & Cheese (both from the BAR menu) and a $7 side of sauteed brussels sprouts.  All were delicious - but the gnocchi was SWIMMING in butter and I would not order it again.  The brussels sprouts were the high point for me.

Others at the table had the Quinoa/Ratatouille dinner entree - and the Quinoa was way, way undercooked.  It was crunchy.  Fortunately the ratatouille was excellent.

Decor is sleek & gorgeous (I mean, the place is brand new.) and the food is NOT "Mariott-era" hotel fare.

I am pleasantly surprised and plan to return - but I will allow ample time and expect erratic and weird service.
Got a spontaneous table on a Friday night, right next to the fireplace. The atmosphere is lovely (though I was a little creeped out by the bizarre {Japanese?} video that was looping on the bar flatscreen--something about people wearing giant plastic mouse faces is not conducive to dining). 

I had the baby lettuces, which were lovely, and the sweet potato gnocchi, which was enough to feed a small army. The bf had the steak frites--I didn't try the steak, but the frites were yum.

We shared the coffee & donuts dessert--which wasn't quite right--or at least, was nothing like what I expected of something described as bread pudding.
Pretentious. Long wait in an almost-empty dining room, although apparently the bar was filling up based on noise level. Bizarre presentation of Chicken Roulade with tiny chicken leg stuck up in the air. Undercooked beans and overcooked inedible beans. Steak frites strangely spongy, both the steak and the frites. Still not sure what the jelly or jam at the end was supposed to be.  Huge disappointment all around. Great looking place, though!
Dined here for Restaurant Week which we took the same way we do Sips; slightly off the beaten path choice where it's not overcrowded, you get a good value for the deal, and try somewhere you might not go otherwise. Think Amuse : Square 1682 : : Fogo de Chao : Ladder 15.

As previously mentioned, but worth repeating, reconfirming, and making a point of the service here is slow.  Really slow.  I love the idea of enjoying your meal, trust me.  The Mediterranean 3+ hour meal is something the dining scene here would do well to promote.  But this is different, this is not order when you're ready style relaxation.  This is wait to order...order all at once...wait...wait...no drink refills (you could've made more money off me, I wanted to drink more than one cocktail)...get food...wait for next course...you get the point.  We had to pull the ol' give the credit card to the waiter as soon as he brought the check trick because it could've been another 20 minutes before we saw him again.  Meal was a hair over 2 hours long.

So...the food.  I was expecting good food, of course.  But what I got was great.  Actually impressive.  First course was burrata + heirloom salad.  Do you know what a basil crystal is?  Neither did I.  Basically a concentrated crunchy basil.  One of the best salads I've ever had.  Thyme roasted chicken was also impressive.  I usually think the chicken selection is a cop-out but this was totally worth a try.  Better than the steak frites I tried, but heard they were very nice as well.  As was the beet salad.  Dessert was peach cobbler.  Very big, filling, and again excellent.  The 6 spice ice cream is that gritty type that makes you feel like the stuff is homemade.

Food here is 5-stars, but service is a 2.5.
Went toAmuse tonight at Le Merdian tonight with my wife for my birthday. It was excellent, start to finish. I had the onion soup, my wife a wonderful salad with a duck egg and asparagus, both were top notch. We both had the hanger steak which is their specialty and was awesome.  We ended with creme brûlée which again was great. When we finished, I had an after dinner drink, my wife a wine. The manager knew it was my birthday, bought the drinks and even the desert. Pretty darn nice. We ended having an after dinner drink at the beautiful bar with a top notch bartender. All could not be better and we will be back very soon.
The ambiance is amazing and the food delicious. I would kill for their home made charcuterie board with fresh black currant jam and french bread! The service was bit slow but the wine last is fabulous. I hope to come to philly more simply to some ay Amuse
Purchased a Travelzoo voucher to try Amuse, and it was worth the full price for sure. Have used many vouchers at other restaurants in the past & felt like second class customers at times. Not so at Amuse. They were gracious when we arrived late, and Michael, the server, provides the best service you can imagine. He truly enjoys his time at Amuse, & is incredibly knowledgeable about all aspects of the menu. It is rare to find a place where the service is as good as the food, but Amuse is it. We never felt the need for anything through our meal, but the staff was not overbearing at all. 

Scallops with pork belly: melt in your mouth.
Butter lettuce salad: perfection. Sweet/tart pomegranate, savory pieces of house made bacon, creamy buttermilk dressing. Yum!
Shortribs & tenderloin: cooked perfectly without losing any moisture. 
Creme brulee: worth the calories.

If you are looking for an intimate space for dinner (the restaurant is small) and would like to enjoy a lovely meal at a leisurely pace, this is the spot. Not the best choice if you're on a diet though, as this food is meant to be enjoyed through every last calorie :) 

Thanks Travelzoo for showing us this gem, and thanks to all the staff at Amuse for a great evening!
Holy yums. I've been here twice now, both with a groupon, and it was fantastic and pretty much empty both times. 

Most recently, we got the charcuterie board, steak frites, and the lobster bouillabaisse.  This was one of those meals that makes you comment after LITERALLY every bite how majestically delicious it is.  Kind of drooling just thinking about it. The steak was cooked to a perfect medium and came with a bernaise aoili which really took it to the next level. The lobster chunks in the bouillabaisse were sweet, succulent and abundant. Not to mention the other variety of seafood swimming around in there, aaaand the broth was drinkable. As in, give me a straw and just let me go to town on this bowl of heaven. We had leftovers for lunch the next day and it was still amazing the second time around.

A hidden gem for sure.
This is the first time I've ever had fish served to me that smelled and tasted like ammonia. I had to google why fish would reek of ammonia and learned that it's because it wasn't fresh. I told the waiter, let him smell, it and he confirmed. He offered to replace it with the steak. The steak came out with a strange bloody vein that was gushing. I'm not talking about being rare - I'm talking about a weird tumor looking thing right in the center of it. I am bewildered. 

Everything else was good,though. Highly recommend the pumpkin spice frappucino.
Yes, the dining room was empty but more for us!  The bar menu was unique and delicious!  The waiter, Michael, knew his food and was terrific.  The BURRATA & HEIRLOOM TOMATO appetizer was great and the SALMON ROULADE and POUSSIN ROTI entrees were some of the best food I have eaten in recent memory.  End the meal by sharing the ILLY ESPRESSO CRÈME BRÛLÉE.  Wow!  Fantastic!
Definitely one of the best Groupon meals I've ever had. Our table ordered the crab and lobster salad, the duet of lamb, the beef tenderloin, and for dessert the chocolate almond tart. The salad was a light, palette cleansing start. My lamb was melt-in your mouth delicious, but honestly I think the polenta on the plate was the star. The beef tenderloin with roasted cauliflower and sprouts was also amazing -- juicy and tender, veggies were crispy and buttery. The tart was ok, frankly mediocre compared to the rest of the meal.

Service was good, the atmosphere is modern and upscale but not pretentious. We really enjoyed our meal, it is on the pricier side without the deals, but well worth it for a special occasion.
We came for an early 5:30 pm dinner on Valentine's Day and it was pretty empty at that time, which was actually kind of nice.  We were able to get seating by the fireplace, and treated to an herbal infusion Amuse Bouche by the chef.  

Some highlights:
1. Duck parppardelle: Amazing!  Succulent seared duck breast, squash, and pearl onions tossed with hand-made pasta in a creamy yet surpassingly light sauce.  Just fantastic.  The pasta was cooked perfectly and very tender.
2. lamb shank with potato puree, ciopollini onions, and squash: This was a huge entrée was but the lamb was very juicy and tender, and the au jus was perfect with the potato puree.  The vegetable side gave it a nice flavor boost with a hint of tomato and garlic.
3. Chocolate molten lava cake: served with creamy vanilla bean ice cream and a small side of strawberries and whipped cream.  Decadent chocolate cake that meshed perfectly with the ice cream.

Service was just okay, though, as our server forgot about us.  However, the rolls are served with freshly churned butter, which is a nice touch.  A great date night option, albeit a pricey one.  Entrees are around $32-34, and desserts around $10.  They do served Illy coffee, as well.  If you aren't coming on a holiday (ie. Valentine's Day), they do accept Groupons (there's one for $32 for $50).
A very, very solid four stars. Exhausted and hungry, I initially worried I was "settling" for the hotel restaurant. I couldn't have been more wrong: I was served an absolutely perfectly prepared piece of sea bass with unique but finely tuned flavors. The textures of the dish's components were pretty much flawless. Very good service and an atmosphere that isn't at all unfriendly to someone dining alone. 
My only real complaint is that the by-the-glass wine prices are fairly outrageous. Fortunately, bottles are much more reasonable (many about the same as two glasses) and you can take them up to your room to enjoy later.
The bar sits in the middle of the hotel lobby.  Actually the hotel lobby is the bar area.  I ordered an old fashioned.  My non-drinking date had a rum based cocktail.  We had some beef sliders and beef tartare.  The tartare came with some toast that were cold and very tough.  The sliders were a little salty.  We sat for about an hour.  Bartenders were friendly and very attentive.

On to the dinner.  I had the salt cured foie gras.  They weren't kidding about it being salt cured.  This was a mistake.  I am sure there are people who will like it.  But it is way too salty for me to enjoy them.

On to the main dinner.  

We had the lobster bouillabaisse.  The seafood was cooked perfectly.  However, they were too salty.  Really not much going on in there besides saltiness.

The lamb loin was the saving grace.  They were tender and very tasty.

For the price they were charging, there are better options in the city.
I went there today with my best friend for dinner. The view of the city hall is spectacular. The decoration is good and helps to relax and enjoy your meal. Also, the music is in the perfect volume, high enough to listen while eating and low enough to be able to have a conversation.
We had the restaurant speciality steak with frites, Camparro wine and cheesecake for dessert. Everything was great.  The meat was juicy and soft and the wine was excellent (my father makes his own wine so I consider my self able to judge the good wine, even if I had only 4 sips). Before our meal the shef offered us free appetizers and after our dinner they offer us some impressive chocolate-mind sweets.
The people that work there are really friendly and nice, especially our waiter Michael, he was truly helpfull and he had a nice sense of humor.
I will definately go there again
check the photos for visual details... ;-)
This place was just ok, which was rather disappointing. I had purchased the Groupon a while back for dinner for two which included 2 drinks, 1 appetizer, and 2 entrees. 

First, the service was kind of slow. Our waiter was very kind, but I think I tad overworked. He was the only waiter I saw and while not a huge place, not a tiny place either. There should be at least two waiters at this place. Maybe there are and the other one called out - I didn't ask.

The drinks were very strong. They did not cheap out on the liquor, which on one hand is nice if you're looking to get smashed. I wasn't looking to get tanked, so I didn't really like mine all that much. I added a little water to it and it was fine. I prefer not to have to do that though.

They brought over a small baguette which was delicious but oddly served in a paper bag. Were we in a supposedly nice french restaurant or were we on a street corner? Felt like like latter. 

We ordered the mussels as the appetizer. They were good, but some of them were bad. This also doesn't usually happen at higher quality restaurants. We had a steak and halibut, and they were pretty good, although they did take a long time to come out. They both came with some vegetables/sides that were fine.

The star of the show and the reason for three stars and not two is the dessert. They had a sweet potato cheesecake that was phenomenal. I might return just for that - and maybe coffee. If you are staying in the hotel and want dessert, order this. 

There are plenty of other options if you walk south a few blocks toward Market St.
Amuse ... I like you very much!!! Especially, since I discovered you during Restaurant Week!  You are an excellent value.  

For $35, you get a great tasting menu. Restaurant Week is still going on in Philly as I write this review. For those who are still considering going, I definitely recommend this place. It has a great view! Nice portions! Fine taste. Good parking! 

My friend and I came to try out Amuse based on Yelp reviews. There were some low reviews and some high ones, but the average was 4 stars. We thought it would be worth a shot. We were very pleasantly surprised.  The normal menu looks appealing. However, the prices are a bit high for our normal budget range. The appetizers were normally around $9-15, the entrees $25-45, the desserts eh... We rarely get desserts.  For restaurant week, you could get all 3 for $35. This was very intriguing. We worried a little that we would get small portions, but we got a VERY nice sized meal.  It was definitely worth the price tag. 

When we got here, we were kind of surprised. There weren't that many people that showed up. This might just be because the restaurant is in a somewhat awkward location. It is inside of the Meridien Hotel, offset from the Lobby area. It does have its own private section.  The decor is very dark themed and metallic. A lot of solo business diners were present. I think this is just because foodies don't normally wander to this side of street.

Anyways, back to the food. We enjoyed fresh bread and creamy butter. We got an amuse bouche of pumpkin puree soup to start. It tasted excellent!  This was one of the best amuse bouche I've ever gotten. Next, I ordered a delicious new england clam chowder. It had a lot of clam and bacon, but was not too salty at all. This was perfect! It had a very fresh taste to it.  After this, I ordered steak frittes with fries. The fries were a little underwhelming since they were only warm but the steak was good. I got it cooked medium.  My friend got scallops and they were huge! She let me try some. If you are a scallop fan, you should definitely get those.  Finally, I got dessert which was recommended by the waiter. It was a cake with fruit inside as well as some ice cream on top. All in all, it was a very nice meal. I left feeling full and happy that I came and spent my $35. With tax and tip (since I normally tip 20% +/- for good service), it was $45. I was much pleased.  

For restaurant week, this is a definite hit!  The chef really was on his A-game.
We were enjoying a Philly weekend at Le Meridian. At Amuse we enjoyed a long, luxurious, delicious meal.  Our waiter, Michael, made our 6 year old daughter feel like a Princess.  The kids menus are chalk boards on the back.  Overall it was a terrific dining experience.
Stayed at Le Meridien for business and thoroughly enjoyed the food, decor and service at the hotel restaurant & bar, Amuse.  The furnishings (down to the salt & pepper shakers) were chic and obviously chosen with care. The servers were attentive and very professional. We had fantastic Eggs Benedict for breakfast, French onion soup and baby lettuce salad with compressed pear and bleu cheese for lunch, and juicy, tender pepper crusted ribeyes for dinner.  The apple blueberry cobbler with housemade salted caramel ice cream was to die for.
Amazing!

I went here for a late bday dinner with a friend. Michael, our server was very kind and offered great suggestions. He was formal, but not over-the-top.
Drinks: Excellent. I love a good Manhattan.
Watermelon Soup- crisp,tasty
Scallop App- Oh my goodness. I almost licked the plate! The curry/almond sauce was like nothing I've ever had before. I usually avoid any dish with curry.
Lobster Bouillibaise- Great! I loved that Michael didn't seem annoyed that I kept requesting more bread.
Steak Frites- This is what they are supposedly known for, but I wasn't blown away. It was good.
Rhubard Tart- YUM!!!!!!!!

Total Damage (dinner for 2) - $140 with tip

I would be a regular @ Amuse if I lived a tad closer. The drink specials, service, food, even the coffee - FIVE STARS!
Excellent food and service!! Very nice for a date night.  The Chef and staff have it nailed!
Such a disappointment. My boyfriend and I went here after seeing their restaurant week menu (which looked so great). The food was under-seasoned and nothing special. It was nothing like what we expected. The steak was literally just 5 slices of steak and french fries. The steak had no salt on it and there was no salt at the table. The french onion soup was super bland, but the fondue was pretty good.  

Do yourself a favor and do not go here for restaurant week, not worth $45 at all. 

The only reason I gave two stars was because the waitress was so nice.
We were staying at the hotel, and too tired and lazy to go out into the city to eat. Had a couple cocktails and a great conversation with one of the bar tenders. We ordered room service from the bar and took the advice of the bartender on the dishes.
I had a chicken dish with roasted vegetables and a potato gratin. Sounds kind of basic, but let me tell you, The leg/thigh was perfectly cooked with a light sauce that was so delicious I could have licked the plate, the vegetables were perfectly cooked and OMG! The gratin potato was to die for. Fantastic meal.
In the depths of a cold, gray winter, one can find refuge at the Meridiene's hotel bar and restaurant, Amuse. The hotel is chic place, done in a mod-hippster style, but without the snobbishness. You enter through a pair of pink, vertically zebra-striped doors into the bar. Reception for the hotel is tucked around to the left. Your first thought is, "Now THIS is hospitality." 

They offer a good selection of premium liquors and beers. Their cocktail list is terrific. I had a Boulevardier (for the bourbon lover) and and their Amuse Old Fashioned. Wonderful. For snacks, the sweet potato croquettes were delicious. You should not leave without trying the pretzel bites. They are served with a butter-mustard sauce that has an addictive ingredient in it. 

A note on the service. Efficient. Friendly. Full of bonhomie. Not afraid (or irritated) to make a suggestion. 

A terrific spot for a cold day pick-me-up. 

The experience sold me on the hotel. I would come back and stay here, based on my time in the bar/lobby.
I dined here for the first time with a friend last night and had a lovely experience.  I've definitely learned to lower my expectations during Restaurant Week, but Amuse was a pleasant surprise.  Our server was very attentive and welcoming and gave the impression that he enjoyed taking care of us.  

The cocktails were perfection-I highly recommend the Love.  It's such a relief to find a bartender who understands it is not necessary to shake the drink to death!  

 We both started with the lobster bisque; this is one of my favorite soups and I must say Amuse's version is one of the best I've ever had.  For my entree I had the scallops and pork belly which were perfectly cooked and EXTREMELY rich, which made up for a relatively small portion given it was an entree.  My friend was very satisfied with her hanger steak and frites.  For desert we had the pumpkin cheesecake and the pots du creme-heavenly!  Although, the portions were a bit large for such decadent deserts; we both love our sweets but we could only finish half of each between the two of us. 

The only reason I am taking off one star is that I had to ask for a cocktail menu after sitting at the table for about 10 minutes.  The host only brought one, so we had to take turns looking at the long list of drinks.  The table should have been set with a cocktail menu to begin with, or the host should have brought one for each of us when I requested it.  Other than that detail, the meal and the service was excellent.

I will definitely recommend this place to friends and return after Restaurant Week. Cheers!
This is a very fancy looking restaurant in a modern European but yet calming design. You enter the restaurant through the bar with dining areas left and right of it. All the noise from the road is blocked and dimmed lights and puristic music let's you focus on the excellent food. As a French restaurant they have a focus on sea food, their bouillabaisse is famous, but as we (a party of 5) had dishes ranging from light appetizers over delicate fish to a heavy rib eye. We especially enjoyed the fancy, fresh and crisp vegetables (turnip, parsnip, beets, and brussel sprouts). Portions are mostly European sized, so leave your Tupperware at home. Appetizers start at $10, Entrees are around $25.
I can see why they were offering a groupon. Neither the food or the service lived up to the billing of a top restaurant. The staff was courteous, but clearly undermanned for a Saturday night crowd. The food was well flavored but was also dry and overcooked. The only thing that lived up to the price was the cocktails, and even that is relative. There are definitely better places to treat yourself to fancy night out.
Elegant place for lunch or dinner.  I was here with a fried for lunch at 12pm, and only about 6 others were in the place.  Service was quite attentive.   Prices were in the $9 to $15 range for appetizers, and up to $22 for entrees.

My friend and I had Cobb salads @ $13.99 each.  It also came pre meal with a hot baguette, and a tiny morsel of cured meat and fruit.  The salad had tomato, lettuce, bacon(too salty) avocado(2 tiny slivers) hard boiled egg, and pickled onion.  Also had a goat cheese vinegarette for dressing.

I'd come back for another try at Amuse.
We stayed in the Meridien and came to Amuse for Valentine's day dinner. Amuse is a French restaurant and beautifully integrated with the hotel almost as an extension of the lobby. We were able to sit close to the large windows which provided snowy scenes of townhall. I liked the food at Amuse a lot actually. I would give 3.5 stars if I could. Here are the reasons. The food was really good. The bread and butter as terrific - the bread crusty and soft and the butter salted slightly. The "amuse bouche" was an oyster with pineapple that was fresh, creamy and had a nice citrus kick. Our mains were the lobster bouillabaise which was fantastic - the soupy sauce was wonderful and the shellfish were saturated with it. I had the artic char which was also excellent and included some terrifically prepared and crunchy how choy. The "ok" of the meal was the charcuterie and cheese plate - which was tasty but we weren't told what was on it - which is a miss in my book especially at a french restaurant. The desert of homemade ice cream and ricotta cheese came we ordered were also just OK. I loved the butterfinger - but the cheesecake was crumbly and bland. The wines by the glass were also just OK - would have liked more French wines-how about a Bordeaux? Lastly the price was pretty hefty. I think that's OK for a french restaurant but you can get as good or better for less in New York so maybe I'm a little biased. Overall i did like Amuse and would go again but would like to see the changes I mentioned.
Tried it as restaurant week. Would not go if there isnt a deal as the food and service was average, if that, for me. The portion was little small for me and I didnt fill like I was full when I left.
A perfect date spot.

This place is grand, spacious, and the staff knows their stuff. They know this is a date-place and gauge just how much interaction you need on just the first interaction. 

I came in here originally on a Travelzoo voucher and I'm glad I did. Each course was delectable and was the right amount to fill my stomach to capacity. 

The ambiance was warm and inviting, but intimate enough to keep each table separate from the next.
Absolutely blew my expectations away. We bought a groupon for four people and it was so much more than we bargained for! We waited at the bar for a little while which was a lovely atmosphere... very chic with an upscale feel. 

The dining area is very open yet intimate and very tastefully decorated. 

For an appetizer, my husband and I shared the crab and lobster "salad" which was to die for. Certainly did not skimp on any ingredients, it wall all fresh and delicious. For dinner, I had the scallops and others had the steak and lamb. We were all very full and very happy with our meal choices. 

Because we were celebrating several occasions that night, they gave us a round of champagne on the house and we all got to choose our own free dessert (I had the chocolate torte which was decadent!) 

Amuse was very generous with their "on the house" items and I would recommenced this place to any and every one.
I've only eaten here once, but I have to go with the five stars. I travel a lot for business and am usually eating at whatever TGIRubychiligarden is around.
This was such a nice treat. 
I arrived early for dinner, so I just grabbed a seat at the bar and had a few cocktails until dinner time.
The bartender was friendly and attentive.
When it was time to eat I just kep my bar stool and went for the Steak Frites. It was awesome! The portion size was just right, and the food was cooked perfectly. Along with a nice glass of red that the bartender recommended, it was a really enjoyable meal.
Hopefully, there's another trip to philly in my future.
There are few things I love more than a leisurely brunch and a perfect cup of coffee, and luckily for me, Amuse delivered on both. My blueberry pancakes were as decadent as they come and the boyfriend loved his omelette. 
The restaurant itself is also meticulously decorated but still chic and comfortable, and the service was on point.
THIS PLACE IS SPENDY! it should have $$$ (three dollar signs) instead of two. I was misled.

I came here because of the glowing yelp reviews. I guess, there is a first time for everything - and this is the first time i got disappointed with a collective yelp four stars.

the service was spot on, nothing to say about that except why did the hostess tell us to "wait a moment, we are full" when i can see an open table. Whatevs, they do this a lot in ny, and its STRANGE, more than it is offensive.

I picked Amuse because it was close to where we were staying. the amuse bouche was okay, the agnolotti was a little dry/had a bite (i guess this was fine) but the entrees were off.

Marjoram Lamb Tbone - the gnocchi alla romana was doughy. 

Veal osso bucco - GREAT MARROW, meat was on the tough-ish side. the vegetables were not properly done.

the dessert menu didnt interest me.

However, I give two stars - one for the service, one for the decor. 

and no, IM NOT AMUSED.
Pleasantly surprised by the food. Was staying at the hotel and thought we'd give it a shot. Cocktails were awesome. Started with some Brussels sprouts which were AMAZING! 

I got the pasta dish (linguine) which was a good size and delicious. The husband got the salmon which was perfectly cooked.

It was a quiet Friday night and so service was attentive too!
I came here for 2018 Restaurant Week, which boasted a $35 three course meal (drinks not included). Other Le Meridien restaurants I have previously been to were quite delicious, so I hoped this would be the same. 

My friends and I ordered cocktails - at a reasonable $13 each, which is fairly standard. The cocktails were refreshing, and arguably the best part of the meal. 

My friends ordered the "cheese & charcuterie" platter, a very underwhelming board that seemed sparse with only 2 small samples of cheeses and 2 slices each of small salami and ham. My French onion soup was not bad, if not a bit salty. 

We all chose the steak frites as the main course. While the fries were piping hot, the steak was cold, and it must have been sitting at the window while the fries were finishing. One friend requested rare, but received medium rare. She declined to send it back as we had been waiting a while already. The steak was tender, but the flavor was overshadowed by the red wine/onion sauce on top, which tasted more like barbecue sauce. 

The creme brûlée I had was decent, nothing to call home about. The Black Forest cake my friends had included stale pieces of meringue on the plate - an unnecessary addition as the cake was rich enough, especially as it was topped with white chocolate garnishes. 

The service was slow and our server was inaccurate. She confused the number of dishes ordered: she brought 2 onion soups instead of 2 charcuterie boards, and brought 2 creme brûlées instead of 2 Black Forest cakes. Despite being a small, and fairly empty restaurant, it took the servers a while to come around to refill our waters, even when we asked. One server also took away our bread basket without asking, despite having brought the bread shortly before. 

All in all, I can't imagine paying full price for that meal. I would not go back unless it were for a drink, as service is too slow and the food is barely average.
I swaggered into this saloon one afternoon for a refreshing beverage. I left with a black eye and a limp.

Okay. Not really. See... what had happened was...

I came here for a couple of drinks and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Their drinks are moderately priced, but they're worth it. Some interesting takes on classics that should be tried to be believed. Alright... that sounded cheesy, but whatevs playa.

Really nice setup, too. Their bar is swank without being pretentious, great for grabbing a drink or trying to seduce some travelling European.
Being French I like to know a French restaurant/coffee has nice croissant! This place is definitely a great choice for good food and a nice breakfast to start the day. I had their scallops (amazing!) with the cheese croquette... Yum!! Great service, the waiters are very professional and nice, the place is a little cold yet cosy.
A bientot!
I've read a few reviews on here, so I was a little wary of booking this place. Still, I decided to give it a shot - it seemed like a great deal for restaurant week and I'd never been here before. While I came in unsure of what to expect, I found myself pleasantly surprised with our dinner.

After we'd ordered, one of our servers learned it was my boyfriend's birthday. He brought over 2 complimentary birthday shots (which deadass tasted like liquid chocolate cake), which was a great way to start off the night. We ordered off the restaurant week menu - I got the cheese and charcuterie board, steak frites, and the apple tart. 

This brings me to one of the highlights of our dinner: the massive portion sizes. The food came out fairly quickly after we'd finished each course and both my boyfriend and I were shook by how much food there was. For instance, the cheese and charcuterie board came with at least 10 wedges of cheese, 5 slices of meat, and multiple jams/spreads; on its own, it would have definitely been more than enough as an appetizer to share.

That's not to say that aMuse was about quantity over quality. While the reviews I've read talk about this restaurant as being very hit or miss, I thought the food was solid. Was it the best French food I'd ever had? Probably not. Was it still undeniably good food? Definitely. I keep thinking about the steak, which was incredibly tender and unlike any steak I'd had before.

TLDR: atmosphere is great, portion size will definitely fill you up, and service is attentive/really made the night special. Give aMuse a chance - you won't be disappointed.
Another disappointing Restaurant Week selection for me and and my friends. We came for lunch around 12noon and there weren't any customers yet. We thought that would be great since they wouldn't be busy and the food would be fresh...WRONG. Our server was very nice and friendly but she seemed a little new, no biggie. We ordered drinks and then our food and hoped everything would come out great. The dining room where we sat was practically in the lobby of the Le Meridien Hotel and next to their bar. It was a little awkward to sit so out in the open but since they weren't busy it didn't bother us. We saw the bartender make our drinks and she proceeded to pop a champagne bottle (part of our cocktail) and she must be new too because she just popped the cork bare handed and the cork flew across the room and just one table over from us! 

Our food was much less eventful than almost getting hit by a champagne cork though. We were served a complimentary amuse bouche of crostini topped with a tomato jam. Crostini is really not the right word for what they gave us, though, since the bread was chewy and soft. The tomato jam on top was ok for me, a little overpowering but palatable. My friend hated it. We ordered French onion soups and a Caesar salad for starters. The salad was ok but the soup was salty. For our main dishes, I ordered the steak frites, and my friends ordered the Mac and Cheese with jumbo lump crab meat. My steak was room temp at best and not seasoned at all. I've never had to put salt and pepper on a steak at a restaurant before. The menu described the steak as being served with a shallot tarragon pesto; what I got was a sliced steak topped with brown gravy. The fries were great though if that counts for anything. Both of my friends' mac and cheese dishes were cold, and there was no jumbo lump crab in sight. The sauce tasted a bit fishy though if that counts. We told our server that the mac and cheeses were cold, and she apologized to us saying, "oh yeah, it should be more toasted on top." She brings them back a few minutes later with each dish topped with panko (which was missing in the first place) and toasted on top. They probably just stuck it under the broiler for a minute because just the top was toasted. The dish was barely warmed though. It was also under seasoned because my friends has to put salt and pepper on their dishes as well. We finished the meal with mango sorbet which was ok. Overall we were really disappointed with the food. They weren't busy when we arrived (it filled up a little later) so there should really be no excuse for cold and under seasoned  food. I would not recommend eating here even if I stayed in the hotel.
Very limited menu. Came in here for a late lunch. But unfortunately the menu was limited and the selection wasn't great. Only one bartender, who was also the waitress, so service was slow. We decided to skip eating and just hang out by the fire in the lounge area of the bar. We were never checked on or asked if we needed anything. The restaurant is also in the hotel. A bit hard to find from the street.
Food and service are excellent. Wine pour is decent...appropriate pricing forcentercity location
Had a wonderful time at the Women's Way Philly event. It was a great way for individuals and organizations to come together to support equal opportunity. 

I had the pleasure of trying the food and drinks offered at the event. There was a nice table set up with different appetizers. Of course, I sampled everything and it was all very delicious. Some of the appetizers included prosciutto, salami, Pâté, an assortment of cheese, and lobster bisque. Servers and bartenders were on top of it and made sure that everyone was being served and having a good time. The DJ was also excellent! I am really looking forward to the next event!
Recently stayed overnight at Le Meridien Hotel, and ate breakfast at Amuse, the restaurant inside. It was probably the best breakfast at any of the many hotels in Philly we stayed at. Fresh, properly cooked, and stylishly presented by Chef Eric Chieves, and served by the charming Jexenia Mendosa. Will def be back for more.
As part of the Le Meridien Hotel, the restaurant area is pretty small but still charming.  We went here for the 3 martinis lunch that comes with french onion soup and steak frites for $30.  How awesome and drunk was I after that.  The food was good, and the martinis have a lot of kick.  I particularly liked the citrus martini, so tasty!  Our waitress did mention that the martini lunch ended this week but to look out for similar deals that will be coming up.
I've eaten here three times. Once was at the bar where I had free pretzel bites because of foursquare. Btw they were little version of the ones you get at the movies. I also had the mac and cheese which is supposedly to die for. I was not impressed at all.

Then I have had a breakfast a few times in the dining room. Everytime I have had breakfast it has been with a voucher because my room was not tidy. I have not found a breakfast option here that I love. the eggs benedict.....the hollandaise is bland, the muffins are mush. pancakes...i sent back they tasted like baking soda. fruit platter....the yogurt is standard nothing special.eggs and bacon...ok but better in a greasy spoon

What is really weird is that the room service here is spectacular
It is very, very rare for me to leave a negative restaurant review.  Amuse creates the exception. My wife and I went on a Friday night with a reservation.  Very pleasant server greeted us and seated us immediately.  But it all was downhill from there.  We asked for tap water and then said we'd place a drink order. 20 minutes later she came back to take the drink order; we still didn't have our water yet.  The drinks took another 20 minutes with water being poured when we could flag down someone else on staff. Our server took our order when she delivered our drinks.  We ordered a salad to share and two entrees.  The salad came 20-30 minutes after we ordered it (all cold ingredients- no cooking involved). And the dinners arrived a full hour after we ordered. The place was only 50% - 60% full at any time so the kitchen should not have been too backed up.  Although our server seemed to have an extraordinary number of tables to serve. By the time the dinners came we'd been there 1 hour and 40 minutes, had a half a salad each, and one drink. Since we were hungry we ate it.  My wife ordered salmon which was clearly over cooked.  And I ordered the stuffed pork loin.  It was dry and also over cooked. I always though stuffing meat kept it moist. Not at Amore. 
Server was pleasant, so one star.  
Service was really slow (we suspect a staffing issue, not on the server). 
Water was only poured with multiple requests. 
Drinks were hard to come by. 
And the food was poorly prepared. So no stars on the other four items. 
Would not return. Would not recommend.
Ordered Alaskan halibut and that was great although sauce was over buttery-cream-salt tasting. I was staying 2 night in a row and ordered it twice, so it was a favorite. The kale salad was good. Nothing extravagant or hard to make or mess up. The organic chicken was good too. 
The steak frites; however was a disaster. The dipping aiole was a weird congealed glop nap not so much creamy or saucy. Trying to dip the soggy fries into it was not satisfying. The steak was ok but needed salt or flavor. It definitely missed the mark of a perfect steak frites  like Parc or dandelion. 

The dessert was even more of a disaster than the steak. I love crime brûlée and this was over cooked, and over burnt. The pudding was not soft and was weird and chunky or over baked. As if I was eating a scrambled egg. The sugar totally burned and not pleasing at all, making the whole dish taste burnt. 
I hope I can post pictures next if you don't believe it

Def staying away from here and returning To my beloved restaurants
This place was dead on a Friday night when I went here for Restaurant Week.  There were only two other tables full.  

We were seated promptly by the window, so we had a great view of city hall all lit up at night.  The dining room is beautiful as well with its high ceiling and large fireplace.  

I started off with a cocktail called the "Rooftop Garden" which consisted of cucumber, lime, and gin.  It was refreshing and was a little tart with just the right amount of sweetness.  My husband had the "Sakura Sour," which I liked even though it had bourbon in it.  The amuse bouche was a pumpkin and apple soup.  It didn't sound so good, but tasted kind of like cider and was warm and sweet.

Warm bread was brought out in a white paper bag.  It was okay, but I don't get why some people are going on about the bread here.  It tasted like one of those French Rolls you get at the grocery store and then heat it up in the oven. Meh... 

Since it was Restaurant Week, we got to choose from a few items for a three course menu.  I started off with a tomato and fresh mozzarella salad with basil crystals.  You have to see this salad to believe it.  I will upload a picture, but you have to realize the plate was dinner entree size.  It was loaded with lots of tomatoes and a HUGE ball of fresh mozzarella.  The basil crystals were sweet, crunchy, and full of basil flavor that of course complimented the tomatoes and cheese.  Some of the tomatoes were better than others though.  I appreciate the big portion size, but the big ball of cheese was a little overwhelming after I got through half the salad. It was about the size of what you'd buy when you buy the mozzarella in water at a store...so about 6 to 8 ounces.  No one person should probably eat all that in one sitting.  Tasty, but I was full after my first course!  I think this dish would be much better to share with a few people.  I also would have preferred the cheese to have been cut into smaller pieces or smaller balls of mozzarella used instead.  

After my first course, I decided to order another cocktail because the first one was so good.  I got the, "With Love," which had my favorite vodka, Kettle One, with ginger, passion fruit, and champagne.  It was fizzy, slightly sweet, and garnished with a raspberry.  It was just as good or even better than the first cocktail.

My main course was scallops, and I'm glad my appetizer was large because this portion was a little on the small side.  I wasn't that surprised though because that's usually how it goes when you order scallops.  I got three and I wasn't a fan of the meyer lemon sauce.  It was a little bitter.  The scallops had a little grit in a few of the bites, and that was really disappointing and a big turn off.  My husband did enjoy his fish though.

The last course was the reason I'd chosen to go to Amuse for Restaurant Week.  I got the crème brûlée  because it said it was "with lavender." Well, I made the mistake of amusing there was lavender in it, which I have loved ever since eating lots of lavender based sweets in Hokkaido, Japan.  However, it was just a garnish.  I guess it would have just said "lavender crème brûlée" if it was lavender flavored.  Oops.. Anyway, it doesn't matter because it was actually really made well and the top was nice and crispy and the custard was set correctly.  It was one of the better crème brûlées I've had.  Good stuff!  The pretty little dark chocolate mints that the server brought at the end of the meal were also a nice touch.

So, I'm confused about how to rate this place because the atmosphere is lovely, but the first two courses weren't great, but I loved my cocktails and dessert.  I think I will come back for happy hour or sweets, but with so many other places in the city, I don't think I'll rush back here to dinner any time soon.
I am a Francophile and was in the mood for a delicious French  meal.   I loved the modern decor of this restaurant. The attention to detail from the table settings,  to the presentation of the dishes was divine.  Elegant and not pretentious. My colleague was delighted they served blue cheese stuffed olives with his martini. My little gem salad was delicious as was the steak frite. The fruit crumble dessert was tasty also.

  The only problem was the service. Although the maitre d was efficient, he was a sourpuss.  It was very off putting to all 4 of us.  His being French is no excuse. Our server was polite and accommodating but she kept darting off like a jackrabbit without scanning or checking if everyone was satisfied. For instance,  I ordered a bottle of wine for a few of us and she ran off leaving my coworker forlorn that he did not get a chance to order his cocktail. The charcuterie plate was forgotten, just as well since we had plenty of food and saved my employer some money. Another diner's French onion soup came out with cheese burnt to a crisp, but they did not make a fuss when it was politely sent back.  I was stunned it got past the kitchen staff and servers.  the second time it was servers properly. 

Despite the lackluster service I can envision returning due to the food and surroundings.  I suggest the manager arrange for some training courses. 4 star food and atmosphere.  2 star service. 3.5 total rounded up.
The food was very, very good. Crab and lobster salad was perfection. Big pieces of lobster and delicious crab meat with crunchy crostini alongside. Spinach salad was fresh and bright. Succulent Scallops were seared beautifully and served with a delicious purée of celeriac and crunchy veggies. The steak frites was delicious. The mixed berry Napoleon was light, fresh and a perfect ending to our meal. Everything was cooked well. The ambiance is quiet and romantic with an awesome view of Philly city hall. Only down was our waiter who rushed from table to table--there were two waiters for about 7 tables--the rushing around took away from the experience, but he was perfectly pleasant and service was fine. Would definitely return and recommend.
The food was good here, but I was furious by the time we were seated. We had an 8:15 reservation, but were not seated until 9:05. My boyfriend was starving and had a headache by that point. For this reason, I will not return to this restaurant. 
Anyway, we had a certificate from Philly Dealyo (TravelZoo) for two entrees, an appetizer, and two cocktails or glasses of wine for $65. This is about half the usual price.
We greatly enjoyed the mussels appetizer (normally almost $20) which had a delicious garlic sauce with which my boyfriend filled his empty shells and then slurped voraciously. 
I had a Patron cocktail and my boyfriend had a really tasty Californian Chardonnay. My drink normally costs $12 and his $18.
We both had the salmon with carrots and broccoli and risotto (normally about $30.) It was very good.
We opted to get dessert even though it wasn't covered by our certificate. I had a chocolate molasses tart with hazelnuts on top, and he had creme brûlée. Both delicious.
My overall opinion of this restaurant is that their food is good, but they should not advertise if they cannot accommodate the additional customers that advertising brings in. Or they should only allow patrons to use the certificate Sun-Thurs, if the weekend is too busy for them.
