We revisited Anastasi for takeout over the weekend, and I'm so glad we did! The pasta dishes were jumping out at us this time, so my husband ordered the linguini with mussels (red sauce) and I went with the lobster pasta, which came not only with a very generous portion of lobster tail, but also jumbo lump crabmeat, shrimp, and scallops, in a blush sauce. 

We started with clams casino which I have to admit I'm extremely picky about. My Grandmom's recipe is my gold standard and I've yet to find a restaurant that comes close. My husband thought they were good, but I'd probably opt for something else as a starter in the future. 

The pastas were priced in the twenties and thirties which I was fine with for a nicer meal on the weekend. However, the portions were sized to feed multiple people! My husband's linguini and mussels came in a small bucket while my lobster pasta arrived in a small aluminum tray, like the ones you see for catering! We enjoyed two hearty dinners plus one lunch thanks to these generous portions. Definitely looking forward to more Anastasi nights!
We ordered delivery from Anastasi last night. While our experience was a little bit lacking, I am willing to accept that it may have been an off night and would certainly try them again. 

My husband ordered branzino with fries and I got the broiled crab cakes with fries. We also ordered a quart of Manhattan clam chowder to have with lunch today. I didn't see an option for adding on cocktail sauce and requested some in the notes of the order. 

The order arrived and my husband's fish was served with rice and vegetables instead of fries. This actually wasn't too bad because my crab cakes came with so many fries that I was happy to share. Unfortunately, there wasn't any cocktail sauce and I thought the crab cakes were a bit dry. Today's chowder was great; filled with meaty clam pieces and vegetables. 

Again, not the most accurate order but we love seafood and know Anastasi is one of the best places to get it super fresh. We'll give them another try soon and I will update when we do!
I was extremely disappointed with my experience at Anastasia Seafood.  My husband, new baby and I were visiting two good friends and we all decided to go out to dinner.  We entered the restaurant and were waiting to be greeted when we heard the older hostess talking about her career.  She had recently come back to work after a brief retirement.  We requested a table outside & were told there would be a wait.  Happy to be amongst friends, we didn't mind waiting at all.  My baby, however was very hungry & began to cry.  Luckily, I was able to feed her while we waited to be seated.  I held her up to my breast & she immediately stopped crying!  The hostess came up to me and asked if I wanted an apron to make me more comfortable.  I said, no thank you & she just stood there staring at me.  Then, she let me know "We don't do that in Philadelphia!"

I let her know that it's actually illegal to deny a woman her right to breastfeed.  She just scowled.  My friends, husband, and baby left the restaurant & had a delicious meal with a much friendlier and accepting hostess & waitstaff.
The reviews on Anastasi are super mixed. Unfortunately adding another to the "skip this restaurant" side.

Pros: Fun location right in the Italian Market - you can choose to sit outside and watch the action, or inside and have a more intimiate restaurant experience (though one right next to all the raw fish bar sales. 

Instead of the normal bread basket you're given large oyster crackers and real horseradish to nibble on while you wait for your food.

Cons: So much waiting. While we were seated right away and given menus, it took about 15 minutes to actually get our order placed even though there few other customers. We kept trying to make eye contact with our server before finally flagging down another member of the staff when ours disappeared. She came back finally to take our order but seemed put out. Then when we wanted to pay the bill a similar thing occurred and I went to go get it from the hostess, returned it to her as well, and waited for her to find our server.

The food. My crab cakes had a decent amount of crab but not really any flavor. They were served with the worlds smallest thimble of coleslaw despite it being billed as a side, and the fries were very overly fried. My friend ordered two fish tacos and while she was happy with her meal, could barely finish one as the serving was so large (unusual for fish tacos and something we wish the server had mentioned).

We spent most of our meal taking about how disappointed we were with it :/
We ate here earlier today. Our server was nice but did not go out of her way. I don't know her name because she never introduced herself. I did like the atmosphere of the 9th st Italian market. We sat outside.

Ok, now on to the food. There was nothing I hated but there also wasn't anything that I particularly enjoyed. We ordered raw oysters and clams. I thought the clams were good but I thought the oysters were just ok (a little large and bland for my taste). I also wish they would offer red vinegar and couple other compliments with their raw items. My daughter ordered the shrimp and crab chowder. We all tried it and we all thought it could use some seasoning. The last item we ordered was the crab Mac-n-cheese. Again I thought it was bland and could have used more crab meat. My daughter didn't even ask for seconds and she loves Mac-n-cheese. She didn't even want to take any home. My daughter is young but has a refined palate (I think she gets it from her father lol).  Nothing to write home about and probably will not visit again.
It's a fish market and a restaurant! We ate at the restaurant part of Anastasi a little while back. My advice for you is to sit outside if the weather permits and soak up the atmosphere of the Italian Market. Our meal started off with really good complimentary sesame seeded bread. We shared a delicious calamari appetizer which had peppers on top. The calamari was fresh and not gummy or chewy. I had a delicious soft-shell crab sandwich (it was on the special menu) and my wife enjoyed the broiled seafood combo platter. My son had the oyster and shrimp po-boy which he enjoyed. Our Lord of the Rings fan server was really funny and we had a great lunch.
I wanted seafood for my birthday so I thought I can't go wrong with a seafood restaurant that has been around for almost a century. I asked my girlfriend to order me the mini combo, a platter of fried shrimp, crabcakes and scallops.

Once the platter arrived I started with the fried shrimp. The first one I had was a large butterflied shrimp fried to perfection. I was so happy as I dipped it in the cocktail sauce and ate it! But then the next 2 shrimp were much smaller. Booo! What a tease that first shrimp was! The crabcake is a fried crabcake ball. It had good crabcake flavor and was perfectly fried. The scallops were fried as well and tasty. The platter includes a lot of fries. But they were cold and not crispy. I barely ate any.

I see that it's possible for Anastasi to still be a top seafood restaurant even after all these years. If I was at the restaurant they probably would have served me 3 large shrimp and the fries would have been warm & crisp. But I can only review what was actually delivered to me. I'll probably give the place another try post pandemic.
Okay so here we go. We went here for a drink to kill time until we went to the movies. My girlfreind shops here for seafood alot and also her mother did too. Well it all started when we walked into the place to wait to be seated or greeted. Hmmmm about 3 to 5 mins had passed and we are still waiting. The staff had been gathered at the hostess station during this time. Then they all just walked away with out even asking if we would like service. Okay am from Philly and there has always been issues with people of color in South Philly getting service. So needless to say we are people of color. And will never set foot nor buy anything from this place. I would have been a bit more pleasant if it had not been for the fact that a staff member came back to the station and then just walk by. You will not have to worryabout this couple ever coming back to your place.
I made plans to cook surf n' turf at home with my girlfriend for Valentine's Day. I checked yelp and saw some great reviews for Anastasi so I called at 2pm to see if they had any lobsters left. The man assured me that they had plenty of 1.5 lb lobsters, but that he would reserve two for me to be certain. I gave my name and told him I'd be there within two hours.

I came in at 3:30 and was told blankly that there were no lobsters left. The man behind the counter checked to make sure nothing was set aside and then plainly told me "too bad".

Thanks Anastasi, you nearly ruined my holiday!

Fortunately I was able to go down the street to Ippolito's Seafood, where they had an abundance of lobster, in addition to crabs, shrimp, and assorted fish.

My advice is to do the same. Skip Anastasi; it stinks (literally), and the service is poor.
For years I have had this place on my list. I mean it's in the Italian market. If you go to the cheesesteak corner - you almost always drive by there in some form or fashion at least we did (or the taxi drivers did). Anyway- finally had the opportunity to go. As others mention it's a a seamfood market slash restaurant. 

When we went there was a private party but there always a few tables opened and we snagged one. 

Food was okay. Started out with the clams (too sandy) and another appetizer. I had he bronzino whole fish grilled and it comes with Brussels sprouts and mashed potatoes and hubby ordered the seafood pasta dish. We enjoyed them but hours later our lunch still was quite heavy. 

That was our experience.
5 stars for Happy Hour raw bar!!! $1 raw oysters and raw clams (little necks, top necks, and cherry stones) and they're all delish! Beer prices aren't bad either. Always shucked nicely so no worries about little bits of shells inbetween bites.
I have tried a couple things from the regular menu too and it's 3.5-4.0 out of 5.0 stars. But it's been awhile so my memory isn't as sharp.
The phrase "looks can be deceiving" have never been truer for this place. I have to admit, looking at it from the outside I was VERY skeptical about buying my seafood from them.

My first and initial response was that they were expensive. I guess compared to a normal grocery store they were. I went ahead and got some shrimp, sea scallops and squid anyway and I have to say, it was probably the freshest seafood I had ever bought at a store. This is now on my go to store for all my seafood. 

Bottom line; Costs a little more than the grocery store, but the quality is FAR worth it! Do NOT go to the store one block over.
For more than 80 years in Philadelphia's legendary Italian Market, Anastasi has been purveying seafood.  It is one of my go-to places in Philly for my fish and crab and shellfish fixes. One can eat-in here or takeout.  Well now it's August in Philadelphia and it is def time for some local blue crabs and so Anastasi is right where I headed.

I ordered a seafood feast beginning with a shrimp & blue crab chowder - filling and tasty!  A loaf of Italian bread arrived followed by a serving of blue crabs.  You can order these crustaceans clean or dirty and with a variety of gravies - including all 'the works.'  Go for it!  I didn't stop here and decided on a fried oyster platter with French fries and fresh slaw.  Naturally at this point, a lot of the food was going home with me.  Oh don't forget your Philly lager which augments the taste of blue crabs perfectly.

Everyone was friendly here including the waiter Eric who can give an oral history of Anastasi Seafood.  If you are from these parts, you probably have already been to Anastasi .... and if you are new, put it down as another Philadelphia tradition to try!
Really awesome,and fresh, seafood. I typically don't eat raw meat/seafood, but they have such fresh oysters that are ridiculously yummy. Great crab cakes and freshly made cocktail sauce. They have happy hour with reduced price drinks and $1 oysters and clams, on weekdays. In the summer, they do have outside seating and there is a small parking lot at the side.
Well, I am sad to give this place two stars because based on most reviews I thought we were going to have a very nice dining experience...but that just wasn't the case.

My boyfriend and I went here today, Father's Day, expecting to have to wait for a table. We didn't, which was shocking because this place is small. So why are two servers and a hostess running around like crazy? This place wasn't busy but our service would have screamed otherwise.

It was 5-7 minutes before anyone even came over to greet us at our table.  That's outrageous! I was literally watching the servers make eye contact with me and just continue to stand and do nothing! It was also FREEZING in the restaurant. FREEZING!!!

Onto the FOOD section, which was the only redeeming thing...
We ordered a clams app which wasn't advertised in red sauce but came that way. At any rate, it was really tasty. Veeeery salty.

My sweet novio ordered the Bronzino. He got it whole, and although he enjoyed it he said it was a tad bit dry...
I had the Chilean Sea Bass. IT WAS SO DAMN GOOD. Omg. The sundries tomatoes and artichoke hearts with capers and olives....I just. Oh goodness. I could eat it every day. The veggies were perfectly cooked, and the side mashed potatoes we both had were really tasty.

But this brings me back to the service...if I am paying $26 for an entree, I expect a certain level of service. Everything we asked for she forgot. My bf asked for a soda refill and I saw it sitting on the bar for 15 minutes before she brought it back. This was after she walked past it at least 5 times. I had also asked for our check when he asked for his refill. So we get the refill...and we wait for another 20 minutes for the check until I finally got up and asked for it. 

I have NEVER tipped a waitress less than 15%...15% is what I give for eh service...but today I sadly had to leave less than that...for two people to have a meal with no alcohol that costs over $70...I'm sorry but we should have left damn satisfied. And that just didn't happen.
Came here for happy hour and the $1 oysters and clams are totally worth it! This place is half fish market and half restaurant with a bar and outside sitting as well. Pretty cool idea but it can be a bit disturbing to others, especially seeing all the fish cuts being displayed while people are trying to eat. I didnt mind it at all.

We were seated at the bar and the wait to order did not take long at all. We ordered 20 oysters, 10 clams and 1 fish taco. Yes, that may be a lot of raw oysters and clams but my boyfriend and I have pretty strong stomach lol. I was sooo surprised at how big the oysters were! Way bigger than Oyster House down at center city! They serve different sizes of clams, so we got the biggest size - cherries, I believe they are called. Its not at big as Oyster House but it's still very delicious! We even got to try their homemade hot sauce which was okay. But its a pretty cool idea. The fish taco was under season and coleslaw was okay but I wouldnt order that again. 

All in all, go there during happy hour for some yummy oysters and clams! Worth it.
My parents were in town and we were all in the mood for good seafood, the only qualm? Philadelphia isn't necessarily known for its great seafood joints.  It was late afternoon and we had no reservations so I freaked out a little bit and after a panicked Google search came across Anastasi.  Somehow we found reservations for later in the evening and all was right in the world.

I've lived in South Philly going on two years now and have been to the Italian Market frequently in the last 8 years.  I've purchased fish from this market during the day but failed to realize it was also a full-service intimate restaurant and bar, boy am I glad I decided to go here.  When we arrived we were promptly seated by a very friendly greeter and soon thereafter by a waitress.  We had our selected beverages at our table in another 10 minutes and all of our order in another 10.  There was a bit of a wait between ordering and our appetizer and then again until our main course, but I came to appreciate this as each order is cooked as it's ordered.  

For our appetizer we got the special fries with lump crab, fontina and bechamel, this dish wasn't on our table long enough to appreciate because it was eaten so quickly!  I could have easily seen myself drinking a 60 Minute at the bar eating these fries during a lonesome trip to the bar.  For dinner, there were four of us and we all got something a bit different. I got the three blue crabs with "the Works" (a spicy Old Bay broth) which was phenomenal.  My girlfriend got the shrimp and oyster Marsala (which ended up being more of a cream-based sauce) that I must say is worth walking to the market ANY DAY.  I highly recommend this place to anybody in the area looking for a unique experience and amazing seafood.
This place has the best seafood! And the owner is so sweet! She gave me and my friends a nightcap on the house just because she's amazing. The whole staff is super friendly and the cooks really know what they're doing! It's a little pricey but totally worth every penny. Go there for Valentines...they decorate the place all cute and romantic.
My heart and belly are happy!!!! Quarantined on my birthday and wanted to enjoy some delicious seafood. Ordered the seafood bisque, lobster pasta, crablegs, and dessert. I couldn't be happier!!! This restaurant is SOLID!!! I can't wait to try other things on the menu and am looking forward to dining in as soon as it's possible. Really glad there's a place like this in town. I plan on telling all my friends about it!!!
Decided on this place a few weeks ago because the ratings were pretty good but was disappointed at the food. I ordered the half grilled lobster and the hub got the mini fried of some sort. Sadly, the food was a bit too dried and we ended up leaving half of everything.. Nevertheless, the service was great though.
Only recently since my love affair with small markets began, have I even began to think about coming here.

It's not exactly on a posh street and the dingy-ness of it is a little off-putting, but we wandered in here anyway after a day of visiting butchers and buying different things.  Not a whole lot of seafood places in the area.. at least, the ones I saw had their goods outdoors and that's even more off-putting.  The mussels looked dead in everywhere else we went to.

Anyway, we came in here and picked up 3 lbs of P.E.I mussels.. the nice man sorted each one individually and threw away the ones that were obviously dead.  That's about 110 mussels, give or take, for roughly $7.   After we prepared them we found only 2 to have been dead and uneatable... awesome!!
Anastasi was the first place I checked out in the Italian Market when I moved to Philly. About a year ago, I was walking down Washington and felt a magnetic pull to their little patio seating area and promise of fresh seafood (and Happy Hour drink specials). 

I remember the server laughing at me because I ordered a cup of clam chowder and one single oyster (I was on a budget). All of those things helped make for a wonderful, unexpected afternoon, as small in portion as they were. The oyster was fresh and the clam chowder had a wonderful consistency. If anyone is looking for a decent cow-dah experience, this is a pretty solid bet.

Even though I had a great meal there a year ago, I hadn't been back to Anastasi's until my boyfriend wanted to head over there for lunch yesterday afternoon. My oh my, THAT WAS GOOD. We started with 6 blue point oysters, which were a fresh as ever (and dare I say, larger than some other blue points I've encountered recently?). We each ordered sandwiches, his a shrimp po' boy, and mine, a lobster roll. 

With a trip up to Boston this past spring, I feel like I can speak about some lobster rolls, and my personal belief is that they can be done and number of ways and still be good. I don't become upset if it's hot, cold, dressed with butter, mayo, etc.: lobster is delicious, so, surprise me! And that Anastasi's did! For $12, and what has to be the most affordable lobster roll in the city, Anastasi's did it up right with a very fresh and crusty bread roll, nice choices of lobster meat, and tarter sauce. The tarter sauce was a first for me with a lobster roll, but it worked well with all the mentioned components in place, and was yummy in a homemade kind of a way all on it's own. As far as size is concerned, it wasn't a $25 submarine-sized roll from up north, but it was perfect for lunch!

Boyfriend loved his po'boy: we didn't speak much while these sandwiches were in front of us. We also ordered broccoli rabe and marinated peppers, which went wonderfully with out sandwiches. The service was attentive.

This is a wonderful place for lunch.  I'm fairly certain that we'll be back soon!
I love everything about this seafood spot. They have affordable live seafood from halibut to crabs and lobster. Not only do they cater to your needs, the happy hour specials are to die for. You can get  oysters and clams for $1 each. Order off the menu and get your seafood with the works sauce. Great service and Paula is an awesome bartender, checking on you constantly. Recommend for huge seafood lovers.
This place has become my favorite place for seafood. The exterior and the interior are not fancy but the seafood is so fresh. I ordered the lobster twice and the Chilean sea bass, which did not disappoint. The prices are very reasonable as well. Just don't come with a large party as there is limited seating inside and it is a small place.

This restaurant also has a seafood market which has deals and variety.  I only rated it four stars because of the limited seating and because it's a small place.
Let's start by saying that this could have been our fault. But, then again, it didn't have to be this way. 
We had reservations for 7pm, but some friends ran late so we called and got there closer to 8. Now, upon looking at this site it says they close at 8pm tonight. We had no idea, and they didn't mention it either. When we arrived there were still a couple of tables both inside and out. We sat outside, and apparently the bartender was waiting on us. 
I could go through all of the details. The bringing wrong drinks, or making us wait 20 minutes to order, or any number of things. I've worked in restaurants, and I can tell you that if a table arrives 10 minutes, or even an hour and 10 minutes before close, they always got rocking fast service. Get 'em in and get 'em out. Let them know the kitchen is closing. 
They even brought tables and chairs in around us after they turned the music up to blasting. But, the real punch line is that while that music was cranked we never were offered our check. We actually had to wait for that too. 
The food was fine - quite good even. But unless you are serving ambrosia on Mount Olympus you can't pull off service that bad and have the food compensate. The food is the only reason it gets a second star.
Just getting though at this overrated restaurant that's horrible service by the sever Cindy! We had the seafood platter that's 24.00 and it's so bland with no sauces served with it. We had some of the smallest oysters on the half shell that I've ever seen. We have asked for another drink twice. We waited on the check for awhile and now waiting with our credit card on the table while I write this review. We drove from Lancaster and we live in Texas and will never be tempted to ever eat here again. So Cindy if you don't know why I didn't leave a tip, you need to learn how to wait on your tables and that's your tip.
If you're a huge seafood fanatic like me, you would appreciate this little gem. By morning, it is a fresh seafood market where you can pick up fresh lobsters, fish, shrimps, etc. By night, the market transform the center of the store into a cute restaurant with white linens and candles. There are seating inside and outside; outside seatings are benches/picnic tables.

In the south, we are given complimentary soft bread and creamy butter at the start of our meal. Here in Philadelphia, they placed a small cup of small, hard round bread/crackers, the size of a nickle....with a cup of  horseradish? I gave it a try, but I was not too fond. Lol. Interesting, nonetheless.

The owner and staffs were so nice! Carol was our server and she was great!  Since we had dinner plans across town, we opted to try a couple appetizers: stone crab claws and crab colossal. First time having stone crab claws, but my date and I agreed the colossal was the best. Piled high with sweet, succulent chunks of blue crabs delivered from Maryland! I squeezed a little bit of lemon over it, and that was all it needed!
The perfect place for people on a seafood diet--when you see food and then eat it P:

My friend was craving seafood and decided on this place due to its parking lot. Note, however, that parking in their lot costs $5 cash, though you get a coupon for $1 off any food purchase. Free street parking is available, but, like much street parking in Philly, the parking is tight. At noon on a Sunday, seating was plentiful, so we took an outdoor table to enjoy the warm weather. When we left around 1:30pm, multiple people had filled in the outdoor seating around us.

My friend and I split the $24 broiled seafood combo, which comes with 2 scallops wrapped in flounder fillets and topped with shredded crab meat, 3 jumbo shrimp, and sides of vegetables (asparagus in garlicky oil for us) and mashed potatoes. All the seafood was fresh, juicy, and well-seasoned. We also chose the grilled whole red snapper for $24 per our waiter's recommendation, which was a tasty rec indeed. The snapper's bones weren't too many, the fish meat was juicy, and the seasoning and grilling was well done. Also, they provide a complimentary sesame seed bread roll, sliced and poised to mop up all that garlicky oil mm mm mmm.

Service was great, parking is available for a price, and the seafood is fresh and tasty. Anastasi does seafood right!
Anastasi is a low key spot for excellent seafood. It's located in the Italian Market and is ultimately a seafood market, with a few tables and a full service bar. I eat here every couple months because it's my mom's favorite restaurant, and I have never had bad service. We came to celebrate my mom's birthday a few weeks ago and the server gave her a complimentary slice of lemon cake (so yummy) and I found that very sweet of her! 

The seafood is always fresh and delicious. The happy hour, which consists of beer/wine specials and oysters, is awesome and I highly recommend coming early to enjoy it. For dinner, they'll cook you any fish however you want it and their seafood pasta dishes never disappoint. I started off with lobster bisque then had the crab cake sandwich with fries for my meal, and everything was great. Don't forget to ask about their dinner specials that day because there is always something ridiculously good as a special. I always leave Anastasi full and happy and can't wait for my next visit!!
Parking here is street parking, however there are plenty parking garages at walking distance. 

This restaurant is way part the more touristic area and at fist glance is not a place that promises much, but once you step in, things change. 

They have a fish market adjacent to the restaurant that may be a little odd at fist but I promise that it is worth the try.

We came in for oysters and a couple of drinks, a quick in and out. 

The staff here was SUPER friendly and accommodating, the service was so quick and nice.

OYSTER- we had a dozen of oysters, they were fresh and super tasty, they even went the extra step of loosen them up from the shell for us. The price was reasonable as well and the presentation of the oysters was on point!

This place is truly a HIDDEN GEM!

overall we had. great experience, a quick in and out! the dish cam out in a very quick amount of time and the ambiance was perfect too!

super worth the try and I do think that this place is a winner!
My boyfriend pulled a 3" vein (poop shoot) from his lobster that was otherwise fresh. At the recommendation of other reviews I went for the lobster bisque and can confirm that the lobster pieces are huge! My entree, the crab stuffed lobster (so much lobster!) was fresh, and came with some top notch buttery mashed potatoes and asparagus. 
We sat outside on a Tuesday night, and felt forgotten by the waiter. It was the type of service where you start ordering another beer before you finish the first one, because they may not be back for a while. The beer selection was wide, they had Ommegang on tap. I will be back for what looks like a great happy hour menu.
This is a review of the restaurant, not the market. 

In a word: gross. Prior to eating here (several months ago), I purchased fish a few times from their market and enjoyed it at home.  However, after dining in here, I can hardly walk by the place (in fact I go out of my way to avoid it when walking to my favorite taqueria).  Anyway I think they used old fish that they did not sell at the market and then they cover it with gross sauces. Also clam chowder was somehow tasteless with stringy clams. The sides were lackluster and I left annoyed that I had spent any money here. The best part was probably the beer I ordered.  Prior to eating here I had purchased a crab cake during the Italian Market Festival and was far from impressed, but not yet repulsed. I will never return.
The mixed reviews on here appropriately express how I feel! I want to say it's a great place to take friends where you can sit inside (if you don't mind staring at fish in ice) or outside where the heart of Philly's Italian Market shines. I want to say the food is delicious and the servers were all very kind (which they were). I'm just not sure HOW to say all of this without also feeling it's fair to warn customers this isn't exactly a "go home feeling wonderful about your dining experience" hotspot.  

We had a reservation and were greeted with smiles, sat outside on a beautiful evening, were immediately given water and oyster crackers......and then, we waited. And waited. We waited for just under 35 minutes before we started to debate whether or not to walk away or get up to ask someone if servers even existed! When we were finally greeted by our server, she was friendly and apologizing for the wait. She didn't seem too observant over our empty water glasses and the fact that we were literally picking up crumbs just to eat. 

We ordered our meal and out of the multiple entrées ordered, when the food finally started to arrive there were multiple errors in the platters! Side dishes were missing, some of our food never showed up (only to later learn they were out and didn't tell us), the portions we very large and we definitely paid the price! For me, I ordered only side dishes which should have been the easiest meals, but none of the dishes were accurate and he prices just put a damper on it  :( 

Anastasi does have a lot of heart and I'm sure as a fish market, they excel in their service and product, but as a restaurant, I wouldn't recommend this as a date night spot, but an "experience" to go into with an open mind....and wallet.
I bought a few lobster tails here for my lobster mac and cheese - the service was superb, price was reasonable (believe it was 12.95/pd?) and the person helping me was very knowledgable - we discussed getting a live lobster, boiling it, deshelling and putting it in my dish vs just doing it with lobster tails. He was patient and proceeded to discuss pricing with me for quite some time.

The lobster was fresh and the mac & cheese was a success. The restaurant/store also looked like a cool spot to check out for seafood (we didn't have the time to do so) but we'll be back given its reviews!
I'm not a fish guy.  Childhood in a fishing village on an island in Puget Sound means I can tell quality, but that I'm generally sick of it.  My girlfriend's father, however, is a don't-take-"no"-for-an-answer type of guy, so we were going to Anastasi for a holiday family celebration.

The whole party was about as disruptive as a four-person table can be in the center of the small dining room, which is bordered by the frozen counters of an indoor fish market (being in the evenings sealed tightly enough that the fishy smell is tolerable and the room keeps warm). The staff up to the owners themselves humored us and attended everything pleasantly and speedily.  The waiter was, not to his great discredit but certainly not toward helping the rowdiness of the situation, a bit of a chummy guy.

The food was so perfectly what it was advertised as and what it should have been, being smack in the middle of the Italian Market, that I'd like to call it "the comfort food of gourmet."  I got muscles in white wine sauce over noodles I can't remember how to spell, someone ordered a fish entree which looked great, and two incredibly-cheap lobsters were devoured by the others.  I can't promise they always have cheap lobster, but they do seem like they'd probably always have a randomly seasonally cheap offering of some sort.

The wine was just fine, but I was ordering on my girlfriend's father's credit card, so I didn't try any of their nicer bottles.

Don't come here for food tourism: go get a cheesesteak or something; come here in the day to get authentically good fish and in the evening to eat only if it's an occasion. It was as great as any people could have made it, but it was still a little cold and fishy.  Worth it if you only go out twice a month.
HH $1 oysters, $4 crab cake slider, and lobster dinner were good.    
We also ordered $5 bowl of claws.  It was a little dry but for $5 not much to complain about.  
Ambiance was a negative for me.  I don't think the food was good enough for me to want to go back.
My family loves this place. They have a great happy hour $1 of oysters and clams. We also came to eat dinner so we ordered the broiled seafood plate, fried seafood plate, and the c.  The oysters and clams were delicious we ordered another round of dozen. The fried seafood plate was so good. I was weary of getting the fries but their fries are sooo good! Well fried and crispy. We mostly got it to eat the crab ball which was delicious. The mussels on the pasta were amazing. Although there were quite a few flies buzzing around. Had a wonderful time here.
Loved this place!! We came for lunch on a Tuesday and it was pretty much perfect! We weren't expecting there seating inside to be as cozy and nice as it was - we kinda of thought it was just a seafood market! But the food was excellent, especially the fried smelts - which were our favorites!
This is a charming little market/restaurant if I've ever seen one. This joint has been in the Anastasi family for 4 generations, a fact that you can observe if you come for dinner on the later side (say 8ish) and during the course of your meal everyone filters out except the family hanging out at the bar while you finish up your meal. When you have settled the bill someone will let you out of the now closed restaurant and you are one your way - full, satisfied, and intrigued by this little spot. 

I haven't been here for the Fish Market part, but it sure looks like an authentic buy something they caught today kind of spot for fresh fish. Smells like it too! We had the three-course dinner special and loved it. I generally prefer pork and steak to fish but was absolutely satisfied with my fish and even had some mussels. Yum! 

Probably not the best date location if you are towards the early stages of a relationship, but if you are comfortable with adventures and each other, trust me this place is worth it. 

Enjoy.
TERRIBLE!!

We arrived and the blonde girl with big earrings walked pass me 3 times and would not have said 'hi' if I didn't first. She replied "hi" and walked away, didn't tell us to wait a second or something. And her boyfriend was at the bar. Isn't there a rule against that? However, our main waitress, an older lady, was very nice and friendly.

We had a dozen Blue Point Oysters ($2 each). Those were okay. Not cold enough though.

BACON BLUE CRAB MAC N' CHEESE $12 (Bacon, Parmigiano, Provolone & Mozzarella Cheeses, Jumbo lump crab meat Herbed Panko Crust) 
This was actually okay. Not hot enough.

PESCATORE $22 (Littleneck Clams, P.E.I. Mussels, Gulf Shrimp, Jumbo Lump Blue Crab, Classic Marinara) 
White. The pasta and soup were bland. Nothing special about this.

RICOTTA RAVIOLI WITH CRAB $17 (Cheese Ravioli, Jumbo Lump Blue Crab, Vodka Blush Sauce)
Pretty good, not hot, pasta was hard.

FRIED DINNER COMBO $17 (Flounder, Scallop, Petite Crab Cake, Oyster, Shrimp)
Wayyyyy too oily. The oily came out when you poke your fork into it. There was nothing special about any of it. The batter they used to fry this did not have anything special.

They also let you smoke if you dine outside which is bad for those who want to sit outside and do not like the smoke.

Will NOT be back!
Not only was the food subpar but the owner could not have been more rude.  I only go on here if the food is amazing or something like this happens.  I would NEVER GO TO THIS RESTAURANT.
We had the fried calamari for appetizers and it was very good. I ordered the cheese ravioli with crab and a blush sauce. This ravioli dish is simply the best I've ever had.  The ravioli is fresh and has three different cheeses inside. It was topped with jumbo lump crab meat with a fantastic cream blush sauce. I cannot wait to have this dish again.

The service was very good, friendly, and attentive.
This review is for the restaurant portion of Anastasi.

I've driven by this place dozens of times but was always immediately turned off by the overabundant fishy smell from the market.  However, a friend told me that this is the best place to buy seafood because it's fresh and reasonably priced, so I decided to go in and check it out for dinner.

Once you walk into the small restaurant, the fishy smell disappears, so that's a definite plus.  There aren't many tables here, so if you're going on a weekend I would definitely recommend calling ahead to see if they take reservations (I'm honestly not sure if they do or not).  They also have outdoor seating.

FYI:  Happy Hour Monday through Friday from 3pm to 6pm with drink specials and buck-a-shuck for clams and oysters.   

We sat down immediately and the waitress was right over to get drink orders and give us the specials.  Based on some Yelp reviews I read earlier in the day, I already knew that the bacon and crab mac & cheese was a definite appetizer.  I also wanted to check out the oysters, so we got some of those, too.  Mac & cheese was amazing!!! Just the right amount of bacon and cheese with a heaping pile of crab meat on top.  Let me tell you, I will definitely be back sooner rather than later to experience that again (though I'm pretty bummed about the lack of sriracha here).   The oysters were also delicious and tasted EXTREMELY fresh!  I was more than impressed and we didn't even get to our entrees yet. 

For the entrees, my friend ordered the broiled trio (flounder with crab meat, shrimp and scallops) while I ordered the scallop and shrimp marsala.  Both were amazing!  We licked our plates clean!

Bottom line - this place is awesome!  Definitely check it out!  I know I'll be back!
I must say being from out of town I expected more! I had read the reviews, and it seemed like a great place to eat. Unfortunately it was quite the opposite! The food was mediocre, and that would have been fine except the service from Cindy was horrible! Every time I needed another drink I had to wait, to try to catch her attention for five minutes or more! At one point I even had to flag another waiter to get my drink! The place is extremely small, and waiting on no more tables than what she had should have been a breeze! She's not a personable waitress either. I tip well, but unfortunately Cindy must have thought my tip wouldn't be worth her trouble, so I made it match her service!!
Best place for seafood anywhere!  I would drive up from DC for dinner again just to hang out at Anastasi!  The seafood doesn't get any fresher, and best place to get crabs...Maryland who??  Lobster bisque should not be missed! Owner is the nicest lady you will ever meet.  Just a great place.
We went to Anastasi's after learning that it is run by the same family as Pescastore, one of our favorite restaurants in Bala Cynwyd. It is certainly a hidden treasure within the wonderful Italian markets. This is a no frills, just great food, sort of place. You can sit either outside or surrounded by the fish counters and a bar, and are served only the best quality fish. My favorite dish was by far the grilled oysters, which were so tasty and unlike anything I've ever had! Despite all of the good, I was still disappointed by the prices, which were quite extravagant for a place to grab a bite within a fish market. In fact, the prices were comparable to Pescatore. Nevertheless, if you're looking for some incredibly good food and are in the area, I say to give it a shot. Just know that you'll be getting top-notch restaurant quality food for restaurant prices in a very casual atmosphere.
I usually hate raviolis but their crab raviolis were to die for! 

Not much else to say this time around since I ordered out. Maybe ummmm.... nice containers, nice employees, decently priced?
Ughhhh. I love this place. LOVE it, usually! I was so disappointed by the crabs tonight, though. I don't know if these crabs (3 for $15) we're ready to come out of the bay, so small and a waste of time and money. 
When I called today to make sure they had crabs this evening the woman told me they would be jumbo crabs. I've eaten crabs a million times in my life and I have never had such small crabs in my life.
On the bright side, the service was awesome and everyone was very attentive. It's only because of the crabs I gave two stars.
I'll still be back. I'll just never order the crabs.
I love the concept of a nice seafood restaurant inside a fish market.  There are obvious synergies to the combination, and Anastasi leverages them pretty well.  It's a great neighborhood place, though I trekked quite a bit to get here (without regret).

What surprised me was how good the appetizers were.  I went with 2 other people, so we got 3 appetizers to share.  The crab and bacon mac and cheese?  Great.  The fried calamari?  Quite well executed with great ingredients.  The fried smelts?  I hated them, but I don't really like small salty fish to begin with, so take my opinion on those with a grain of salt...which it turns out is a heck of a lot less salt than you get in a fried smelt.  It's possible the fried smelts were excellent and I just don't like them.

Onto the entrees...pretty clearly the whole grilled fish is the specialty, as the mixed seafood entree contained various broiled items which were all just OK (according to anyone who tried any of them).  My whole grilled snapper on the other hand was pretty good.  And the whole grilled branzino was awesome (they were cooked similarly, so I'm guessing the branzino was just a better and/or fresher fish--I usually prefer snapper, but not this time).  The sides of broccoli, carrots, and potatoes were all good too, though I'm guessing I'd be scared if I knew how much butter went in and on those items.

The prices were reasonable, especially considering what you get, as we were way too full for dessert.

One final thing worth noting: they have a small parking lot, which for some people may be a huge bonus.
The most perfect crab place you can imagine. Buy cold steamed crabs, feisty live crabs, or order hot steamed crabs and sit at the high tables on the awninged  italian-market sidewalk. Have a chat with the owner/buyer. Plenty of local fish, bluefish, bronzino and tuna steaks. Chesapeake blue crabs, snow crabs, clams, oysters.
"Hidden Treasures from the South Philly Sea"

Let's just get right to it. 

Glass of Sauvignon Blanc: right on.

Red Soup of the Day: Red clam chowder. Complex, wonderfully aromatic red gravy, tender clams ... accept the offer of red chili flakes, wipe down the bowl with delicious bread.

Side caesar salad (see photo): crisp and gooey as sin, with briny Kalamata olives, freshly shaved Parmesan, and perfect herbed croutons. Important note: it was lavishly studded in capers. This was an unexpected, and initially unwelcome, surprise. But one bite and I was sold.

And Because I Wasn't Fat or Full Enough ...

Crab Mac & Cheese (see photo). This, my friends, was the B to the O to the M to the B. Not sure why I even ordered it, as I'm never one to go for M&C. It just doesn't interest me enough. And yet ... theirs is worth every crunchy, chewy, tender-lovin' hot and bubblin' crabtastic gobful you should be so lucky to try. I am one picky mother-lover, and rest assured, you will not be disappointed.

Also want to give a huge shout out to my server. She had that place running ... tight as a ship. Ba dum bum. Loved her!

If you're running around Italian Market / Bella Vista way, you really owe it to yourself to take a load off your feet and enjoy the seafood stylings. 

Note to lobster lovers: while they don't have lobster on the regular dining menu, they're also a full seafood store, and if you call in advance they will cook you one to order to eat there ... as you draw butter out of each delicious claw.
One of my favorite restaurants of all time.  Super casual, pop up restaurant in a seafood market after 5pm.  So reasonably priced for the amount of food and the quality, it's actually sacrilegious.  I go here when visiting home, and I've never had one thing that was not incredible.  From everyday standard menu items, to specials, this place has got seafood in the Italian Market down pat.

The raw oysters, which are my favorite, are always plump, fresh and sweet.  I order a dozen, and for $2 a pop totally worth it.  I've had oysters many places elsewhere charged up to $4 a piece and these are by far the best.  The lobster bisque is delicious- along with their other soups.  I love getting the lobster as my entree which usually sets me back $20-$25 when it's on special, nothing for a succulent, perfectly cooked lobster with heaping sides of delicious garlic mashed potatoes and vegetables.  The mussels are delicious- recently our sweet, competent and patient waitress (Gianna) told our table that there was a special with bacon infused sauce, to which i turned my nose up (bacon with mussels? yuck!) but i ate my words when i tasted them- they were delicious.  The grilled octopus salad with the pineapple citrus dressing makes my mouth salivate thinking of it, and their pasta dishes are done well too.  Smelts?  Hellz yes.  Shrimp Cocktail?  Sock it to me.  Crab-stuffed ANYTHING?  I could go on and on...

One suggestion:  I love a good glass of white with seafood, and they could definitely improve their wine selection, or opt to offer the option to BYOB for a corkage fee (I am happy to bring my own delicious wine).   

Thanks Anastasi for great quality, service and prices!  I am forever yours...
xoxoxoxo
It was good, but didn't blow my mind. 
The crab was great and the Marsala was rich. 
The food was good but the atmosphere was mehhhh. It smells like fish - just be warned! As dumb as that sounds
The fresh shucked clams and oysters were perfect. At the buck a shuck price very competitive. The fried oysters were disappointing. Obviously frozen and over breaded/ overcooked. Have had better from Hills at home. French fries pretty good. Would do the raw bar again- but not the fried oysters. Live and learn.
Anastasi is 5 stars for a few reasons.

There are not that many restaurants in Philadelphia that are geared towards just seafood. I know there are a handful, but there's something about this place that keeps us coming back.

The casual atmosphere is inviting at any time of day, the outside seating in the warmer months is a tremendous bonus, the freshness of the food, the friendliness of the staff and the prices are all what keep us loyal patrons.

We've had everything from oysters, fish specials, crab legs, soup, salads and their cannolis. We do eat there often, but we've also done take out dinner AND purchased their semi-prepared items to take home and cook ourselves.

It's just a gem of a find for so many reasons. They have a great beer list and cocktails which was surprising the first time we went there.

We recently went and sat outside on the warmest Saturday so far this April and had the most enjoyable dinner ever! Calamari, shrimp cocktail, crab legs and cocktails! We've been talking about it for a week now! We're going back tomorrow because we just can't wait.

I love establishments that are family owned and run, where you see the same familiar faces of the servers and they just seem happy to have you back.

I heart Anastasi Seafood.
Anastasi Seafood is a South Philly icon. Be ready to  be charmed by a gracious welcome from Mrs. Anastasi, after parking easily in their lot. Yes, parking. Whether you are taking out fresh seafood, dining in, or sipping cocktails at the intimate bar, Frank Sinatra crooning , this is one of my favorite places.

The crab cakes are to die for, seafood chowder a must .The first time ,I ordered two whole steamed lobsters , seafood chowder and their pasta special for takeout. It was cracked , packed, fresh and succulent. 

The second time , we dined in.  Owner, Sal Anastasi, and our server Linda ,could not have been more accommodating.  We had lobster again, chowder , crab cakes and finished with canoli 's , that can only be found at Anastasi Seafood. 

This family owned , nostalgic fish market ,in the heart of South Philly, can not get any fresher,  or be more reasonably priced ! From the service to the food ,they earned my five stars. They now offer a delivery service , but going there is part of the Anastasi experience. Intimate, warm, cozy and great for any occasion . I can't wait to go there again !
I came in for Happy Hour, here's what happen, they switch the bartender I had last time to another day I was a bit disappointed but moving on we got drinks, oysters (4stars) better than the last time size where more consistent and great HH deal. Then I order the crab cake sliders (which I have raved and recommended to friends) I was shock to see the crab cakes came on the most unappetizing buns (should have taken a pic) I have ever seen. But the couple next to me received theirs on perfect looking buns! What??!!! They had the audacity to served that to their customer, I had this several times before and it was served on a nice toasted bun! What happened?!! So I left the buns and told the bartender they were not edible, she was confused, really??!!! went and told the owner they acted like nothing happened and were confused why I was not happy with the buns??? Really??? Wow!!! Then I order scallops with fries, the bartender put in a different order of scallops which ended up being twice the price?!! It was good, but I felt ripped off, she apologized and admit that it was her mistake, but did not try to give us anything for it, she also mention it to the owner once again she couldn't care less. Big mistake on their part!!! It ashamed because we spend a good amount of money at this restaurant, and after the experience we had recently I'm sad to say that I won't be rushing back anytime soon especially on Thursday!!!
Made a reservation for 5 and we were greeted well upon arrival. I had only bought crabs from the market before, and this was my first dine-in experience. We ordered the crab Mac and cheese and clams casino to start. The Mac and cheese was AWESOME. The clams casino, not so much. Too much casino and not enough clam. Fresh bread and butter was also brought, and served as a perfect segue to our entrees. I ordered the 3 blue crabs prepared Baltimore and "dirty", and it was amazing. For 15 bucks and I don't have to cook or clean up afterward? Sold. Hubby ordered the crab ravioli, and it was enjoyable. Friends ordered the crab cluster, lobster bisque, and lobster roll, and were all satisfied. I also ordered the garlic bread, which was delicious, but I only had a bite because I was so full. I will def be back! Service was friendly and attentive.
Great food.
We headed to "little Italy" and found a parking spot few yards from the restaurant. It gets crowded on week ends so plan accordingly.
We ordered fried calamari as an appetizer. It was not as greasy as your typical fried calamari which we greatly appreciated. Very tasty and decent size to share for two.

I had the grilled branzino with the vegetables of the day (garlic mashed potatoes and sautee of green beans and carrots) - Very fresh! I would recommend to get the fresh seafood options (they have flounder, branzino, etc.)
My husband got fried fisherman plate which included 1 piece of flounder, 1 shrimp, crab cake and fries and cole slaw. It was decent but i would recommend to go with the fresh seafood options as theyre offered as grilled or fried or broiled AND its really fresh!
Overall great seafood spot!
Best seafood that you will have! When you are greeted by the hostess, you are if you want to eat inside or outside. We chose outside. It was a nice day. We went during happy hour so the oysters and clams were only $1! Please name me a place that sells oysters and clams for only $1! We ordered 2 dozen oysters, clams, and shrimp which is delicious! When I tasted these oysters and clams, it was the freshest cleanest taste you will ever have! They were fresh, big, and all for a dollar! I would compare this to eating fresh sashimi minus the flavor cuz you dont want sashimi flavored oysters in your food. The shrimp was a good size considering it was only $6 for like pound, it was a great deal! Again, the shrimp tasted clean, fresh, and delicious! Theres no place like this in Philadelphia and probably my favorite go to spots whenever I'm hungry for seafood. I'm recommending this place to everybody I know lol. Oh yeah the service was great! Nicely taken care of. This place is like seafood Disney; minus the rides, characters, and that God damn "it's a small world ride". Overall though, 5/5 stars.
Anastasi's is located on the Italian market which makes it convenient to have a seafood meal after you have just pounded Italian subs, cheeses and of course a fresh ground veal sandwich along your stroll down to Anastasi's.  

Would like to give Anastasi's a higher rating, as most of their food is ok, but my biggest complaint is that the owner(female) is like a Nazi.  She does not make you feel at home and has a very tough attitude.  You can also tell she is over bearing on the employees and that is sometimes reflected in their attitude.  Will say though that outside the Nazi, staff is very friendly and right on top of things.  

Now, for the food.  Their shrimp and crab chowder is probably their staple.  A must try while there.   The Mediterranean salad is also great.  It is a meal in itself.  The smelts are a must have for me, but leave a bit to be desired at Anastasi's.  A little large and soft, and have had better seasoning.  Cant go wrong with the steamed clams in white sauce.  Those are always great.  Fish and chips are not bad either as it always seems fresh as you would expect from a seafood retailer.  Broccoli Rabe is also a staple for me, and Anastasi's is way too boiled.  It should be sautéed, not boiled.  Cocktails are poured ok, but priced on the high side.

As for the retail side, prices are slightly high.  Better off going up the road or to Samuels + Sons for retail.

Overall, worth a try, but watch out for the Nazi.  Excellent bar tenders and service.  Don't expect a lot ambiance, as this is just a retail store with a small bar and tables.  Sometimes the smell of the seafood will get ya from the retail side while dinning. Prices are a quite high for the quantity you receive which also brought the score down a bit.

Enjoy, and cant wait for your opinion!
Okay so this place is split, more or less, into two sections:

Seafood Market - No complaints here.  Generally cleaner appearing than others in Italian Market and similarly priced.  Don't really have anything exciting here I've found but a great spot for standard, regional stuff.  Straightforward which isn't bad and I shop from here regularly.

Restaurant - one of those "Why don't we try here sometime?" places that took us walking by probably 50 times before walking in.  Finally tried and can't say we were disappointed, or thrilled really.  Again nice, straightforward stuff at decent prices.  Right now they have a $10 soft shell crab sandwich which is a GREAT deal and the po-boy I had was a great mix of shrimp and oyster but I wasn't pleased with the roll to be honest; no excuse for bad bread in the IM.  Calamari was excellent - well seasoned and lightly fried.

Service however was disappointing.  Everyone was South Philly Nice but way too much absenteeism.  Took us a solid 1.5hr to have calamari and two sandwiches in here so forewarning if you'd trying to eat and run.  Wasn't for lack of staff (they had plenty), more organization I think.

Oh also, a group next to us went HAM for their lunch, up to and including group selfies with their steamed lobster. 

#lobsterselfie
Walk in the door and like it right away. Simple, unpretentious, and friendly. The seafood are fresh and well prepared. But not a place if you are on a diet, I guess that goes for almost any place in Philadelphia. The portion are huge. I came from the BayArea, where sometimes the portion are so small you thought you have ordered the appetizer instead. Always have something for lunch the next day.
They are either inept or unethical. First time I went, they padded my bill with extra charges. Second time, they didn't include part of my order in the bag, but still charged me the $15 (a disappointing discovery once I got home).  Quality of the fish is mediocre at best. I don't plan to visit a third time.
When family was in town visiting us we drove by Anastasia on the way to dinner and were like note that.

We went back the next night and it was totally worth it .

If you like seafood this is the places. From the crab legs to the whole fish to the other items at the table not one person was disappointed with their selection.

The restaurant is small so I would suggest getting reservations on the weekend. We only got s table by the grace of a very kind hostest.
We bought live blue crabs last weekend, jumbo and large. Both very good size and quality. Price was very reasonable and selection was good. Very pleased.
What a woundeful place! Had the the Mussels as a Starter and they were tender and full of Flavor! For Dinner had the Crab Cakes! Wow says it all. I would highly recomend if you are looking for Sea Food this is the place! Plus the atmosphere was perfect to sit outside and enjoy my meal. I will be going here again soon!  The staff is warm and very friendly! Our waiter was spot on when we asked him for a recomendation!
I had the lobster bisque and it had lobster in it -it was quite tasty.  It wasn't lobster chunks, it was shredded lobster and there was a lot of it.  They have great garlic bread for sopping up the jus from the steamed littleneck clams I ordered.  I got a whole lobster, which was cheap, $26 I believe.  The claws were delicious and the tail was a little tough.  Being a connoisseur of Lobster is not my specialty, all I can say is that it was pretty big and I almost couldn't finish it.

This place is a little bit hidden.  Meaning, you begin to walk into a fish market and you start to doubt yourself and then you notice a seating area that is fairly inviting with a bar to boot.  The staff is very friendly south philly folk eager for you to have a good experience.  I would be glad to patronize their establishment again.
Took Uber from Rittenhouse Square ($3)
Ordered the grilled Squid on greens salad and the Pescatore seafood pasta. My girlfriend Margie and I split both dishes. 

The salad was the perfect amount to split and was delicious. 
The Pescatore pasta dish (we requested spicy marinara sauce) was fabulous! 
Highly recommend that dish. 
Loaded with seafood with a generous amount, but not too much pasta. 

We returned a few weeks later craving the seafood pasta dish! This time ordered the crab cakes as a starter (choice of fried or broiled). We ordered broiled. 
Portion looks small (three pieces) but was actually the perfect starter dish amount. So fresh! Dipping sauce was delicious. We also ordered a bottle of red wine ($28)
We prefer the high top, outside dining but you can sit 
inside or outside (high or low top tables)
The area is old school Italian and a bit run down, but hey, that adds to the charm.
By far one of the best seafood restaurantsin the city . The food is always fresh , and the service is definitely A1. You come to this place they make you feel like family , definitely recommend you making a trip down to the Italian market
This place is a rare gem. They have the cutest bar with an amazing selection. The seafood is fresh and tasty. The staff is excellent and so friendly. The owner Janet is extremely welcoming. She will make you feel as if you are a friend coming to eat at her home. Janet and her staff will make sure all your needs are taken care of. I promise you will feel like a VIP. And on a side note the photography is incredible, showing a history of the restaurant and of South Philly. A staple of the city, you have to visit when in Philadelphia. And they have parking!
I wanted to take my boyfriend out for a nice seafood dinner for passing the third part of his CPA exam. I made reservations at FISH (never been but reviews seemed promising & they had skate on the menu!). I went to his house and his roommate suggested Anastasi's. I used to live right by Anastasi's but I thought it was just a fish market, not a restaurant. I was going to pass, but then his roommates decided they were going to go to Anastasi's after talking about it. I couldn't be left out, so i said we are coming with! Best decision I ever made. The place was small, and smelled like seafood, and there was outside seating. We sat down and the waitresses were very nice and considerate. They offered 1.5lb Lobster on special for $25 add a crabcake stuffed inside for $30. I couldn't pass that up...we ordered calamari, oysters and garlic bread for apps-ALL EXCELLENT! My lobster wasn't the maine lobster i craved, but it was better than the 5-star restaurant lobster tail i had a week later. And heck, we aren't in maine so i can't have maine lobstah! The waitress also offered us a special deal on the blue crabs, essentially, it was 5 crabs for $20. They ordered 15 crabs. They were amazing. 

 The owner came out later and spoke with us. She was so nice! 

They also have a bar there. I got two mojitos. They were not noticeably strong by taste, but definitely strong by effect! I had two mojito's, ate all that food, and still had a good buzzzzz.

Can't wait to go back! I also want to check out Crafts & Claws, since the chef there is/was also the Anastasi chef!
Anastasi Seafood is my favorite fish restaurant near the Italian Village in South Philadelphia.  From the second you walk in you know that the fish is fresh becuase it's all right there in front of you.  It smells like a fish market more than a restaurant.

The seating is pretty limited and it has a small bar but the ambiance is just what I like.  No frills just great service and food.  The bread is fantastic and I am sure it comes from one of the local Italian bakers in the area.  I had a nice fresch piece of tuna and my wife had the lobster roll.  Service was fast and good.
I had dinner here last week and let me just say the food was phenomenal. 
This wasn't my first time eating here but, it was the first time I had Chilean sea bass. 
I enjoyed every bit of it. 
Also, if you like clams and oysters, this is the place to go.
nothing and no one to see here, try take out for the mixed seafood soup in cream of coconut I think, It costs around 27 dollars but is so worth it, get some jasmin rice for it when you get home and it tastes just like the sea, very fresh ingredients simple home cooked feel to it. Not so good nitty gritties but the food is great.
I've only been here twice, but the food is yummy, delicious, goodness. Glad it's in my hood, so I can make happy hour on my way from work!

I'm still really pissed at myself for not going with my first instinct and stopping in sooner. I completely forgot they also sell fresh fish AND the take out like "your" favorite place to get your seafood fried/grilled to-go. Mine was in Harlem before moving to Philly.

I've really been playing myself by traveling to the end of the damn earth for fresh fish. And, happy hour.

Nap time! Hmph.
Stopped here on the way back from Ocean City, just a short detour from the Walt Whitman Bridge in the Italian Market area. Had a quick but fantastic lunch of soft shell crabs and fish and chips. The fresh seafood selection was better than anything in Ocean City with great prices. Live crabs, striped bass, red snapper, rainbow trout, sold whole or filleted.
Whenever I'm in the mood for a great seafood meal, Anastasi is always my first choice. I love the mom and pop feel and the outside seating. I have yet to order anything from the fish market, but I plan to soon. 

We usually always get an order of oysters, which never disappoint. For my entree I've gotten the broiled seafood platter, which was okay or the mediterranean seafood salad which I think could come with a more generous helping of crab meat and shrimp or could be a bit better with an addition of some broiled scallops. 

The waitresses lack a little personality, but the owner is always so friendly and warm. I wish it was a BYOB and there wasn't a corking fee because we always bring wine.
Went here for dinner tonight - started with  6 oysters and an order of the white mussels. Both were very good, although a few of the mussels were a little gritty. I ordered the broiled seafood combo for my entree, it was served with mashed sweet potatoes and string beans. The seafood was very fresh, and the mashed sweet potatoes were also very delicious; I would order this entree again on our next visit. We arrived around 7:30, and it was very busy, I think all but one table was occupied and the seating area is a little tight. Our server was nice, and the hostess who seated us also checked in on us multiple times too - she was very nice as well. Reasonable prices, delicious food in a convenient location. Definitely will return again soon.
the fish is the freshest you can buy on land.  i have bought red snapper here. i boiled some and broiled them and i was in culinary heaven.  the durados, from the meditteranean were fresh and meaty.  the fish case is fresh.  the fish come scaled and gutted, to reduce the smell.  please cook the fish whole and enjoy the tasty cheek morsels and other bits of the fish.  As a Greek person who loves seafood, I cannot say enough great things about this place.  The diver scallops were so plump and the taste after i fried them was amazing.  a little old bay and terragon and that is it.
cannot speak for dining in, but i enjoy cooking the food myself.

At $6 or $7 a pound for fish, a much better option than a big mac and fries or pizza and coke
Well Anastasi's, you've lost us for good. Had reservations on Friday for 7:15, arrived at that time and was told it would be a few minutes. Once we were seated, we got the waitress who I was hoping we wouldn't get... according to the receipt her name is Cindy. Don't know for sure because she never introduced herself. We've been coming here for years, and all the wait staff has been so welcoming and attentive, except her. She seems to have an attitude, but I realized it's not with everyone. Saw her at other tables being polite, talking about specials, etc... Once she took our orders, and gave us our food, she didn't bother to ask how things were, which I saw her doing at other tables.
As for the food, the combo dinner, which used to be good was lukewarm, overcooked, and unseasoned. The seafood chowder was like milk. She bought us cold bread, an ice cold bottle of hot sauce with no lable, and gave other tables Tabasco.
I don't know what to think about this, and the only thing that comes to mind, I shudder to think....
What an epic disappointment this place has become. We went this evening to give them one more try as our last three visits have not been great. For example our waitress actually left to go get herself a slurpee while we were still waiting for our drinks and to place our food order. Tonight was no different. I know there has been a change in staff, which happens at many places. The new staff is inattentive at best.  (I'm being generous here.) Once we got home and reviewed our receipt, we also found we were overcharged. We live only a few blocks away and frequented the place pretty regularly to dine in and purchase seafood to cook at home. Never again. Sad to see it get this bad, but truly NEVER AGAIN.
Great fresh fish market. Friendly service, great selection, excellent quality and always fresh. 

I have not tried the restaurant.
Soft Shell Crabs were some of the best I've had. Perfectly deep fried with only a minimum of coating. Crisp & succulent with a Lemon butter caper sauce! Live in the neighborhood, and never knew there was a restaurant hidden in the seafood shop!  

I'll be back.
Been here twice in the past month and it's one of the best seafood places you can find in Philly. The venue looks like nothing special, but the food, service and price are all awesome. You can get a whole fish served or they will filet it in the back. Pasta, fried platters and all appetizers we've had are great. I've had both the red snapper and bronzino and are some of the best dishes I've ever had at half the price of some other restaurants. Finally, the family that runs the place, makes sure to make it a great meal when you dine with them.
Interesting place for lunch... After about 10 minutes, you don't even realize the fishy smell of the market on the other side of the glassed in restaurant. The service is amazing and quick. I was disappointed that my crab cake sandwich did not come with fries, but I stole some from my partner's plate - I love old bay fries! He had the soft shell crab sandwich and said it was the best soft shell crab he ever had! It was a good place to eat, but it was a bit uncomfortable with the orange roughy, red snapper, and haddock starring at me from their ice packed display counters... Note to self - sit with your back to the fish, that way no guilty conscious!
I have shopped here a few times for the non-vegetarian at my house and have been pleased with the selection and service. Everything tastes fresh (or so I am told) and the prices are right. The counter folks are helpful with answering my probably unusual questions which I appreciate.
I came here during happy hour. 

I ordered a few sets of the clams and oysters which were all excellent. The sauce they bring with it was tasty. The crab cake sliders were good too.The beer tasted warm and not the proper temp. 

I sat for close to a half hour waiting for the other sets of sliders, which never arrived, so I went inside and closed out and left.

The warm beer aside, If I did not have to wait for so long for the sliders that never arrived this place would be 5 stars.
Ive been two this place twice now and each time I go it gets better and better. Everything on there menu is really good. The price is alittle high but its worth it.  I love seafood and this place does it right.  The people their are always nice and accommodating, I have no problem giving them my money for a good meal.  MUST try it out once if you love seafood.
Oysters and clams are to die for. 
The oysters as well as the clams are large and fresh. I had the seafood chowder and raw shellfish. My bf had the king crab. Everything was very appetizing . Mrs. Anastasi came over to ask how our dinner was and to speak to us which I appreciated very much. The area is a bit intimate but that's okay as long as the food is good
Fun place, off the beaten path, not touristy. Wear or bring a jacket. It's a fish market and it's cold inside. 

Made a reservation 'cause reviews say it's always so busy but we were lucky. Not too busy. Table available really right away.  

Octopus was very good.  But it's mostly salad. 

Scallops over spinach with brown butter were HEAVENLY. 

House wine is fine. 

Cute, unpretentious place.
This review is for one drink only. Will update when I get food.

Came here last night to check out the menu and grab a drink before heading home. I live relatively close by and have passed it a few times, but never really went in. Now that summer is here (although I can eat seafood any time of year), I'll definitely be coming for dinner. I was trying to find their regular and happy hour menus online, but they didn't seem updated, so I took and posted a picture as of Summer 2017. 

Overall, the aperol spritz I got was very good. I ensured it was made with sparkling wine as well, because I know some places only use aperol and club soda, but was happy they use sparkling wine as well. My server, her name was Carol I believe, was very polite and understanding that I simply wanted a drink but didn't want to sit at the bar, but outside to get some fresh air and people watch. Some places get annoyed with that, but they didn't seem terribly busy. 

The prices seem reasonable and the happy hour specials, including buck shucks and crab cake sliders, will ensure my return. The dining area is a bit small, but there is outdoor seating. They have a fantastic beer selection and even sell wines by the bottles at very reasonable prices. Good to know if I'm ever stuck.

As far as the market goes, I had a chance to take a peek at the fish and they seemed fresh and delicious. I don't know much about fish pricing, so I can't speak to that, but the crabs (already cooked and seasoned with old bay) seemed a bit pricey for my liking. I'm a fan of buying live crabs and cooking them at home to save only money. The crabs they had (there were 2 options) were $2.50 and $3.00 each depending on the size and the soft shells were $6 each. I'll stick with cooking my own. 

Anyways, I'll definitely be back to try some food and keep you posed!
This was an experience where everything was right. I didn't leave work until 8:15 so I called to ensure that they would still be serving when we arrived 10 minutes later. Having gone to restaurants that close their kitchens 1/2 hour early(in Manayunk) this was a concern. Upon arrival we were greeted very pleasantly by Ryan with no hint of our somewhat late arrival. We had excellent calamari, lightly battered very delicate and crisp with an wonderful chunky roma tomato dipping sauce. Upon his recommendation I ordered a chilean sea bass which was really excellent and very flavorful. My husband ordered the broiled seafood platter which  made him very happy. Even near to closing time the chef was en point.  I also had a very perfect martini. About midway through our meal Ryan locked the front doors but made a point of coming over to our table to reassure us to take our time eating, and not to rush. This was said sincerely, it was not a ruse to hurry us. I am in the service industry as well, and for me a new bar was set. This level of customer service combined with great reasonably priced food is rare. I was always a fan of this restaurant but I will now come more often and recommend it to all of my clients as well.
They have liquor! Drink and food specials for Happy Hour. You can sit, take out, or buy stuff to cook at home. What more can you ask for? Everything I've eaten here has always been good. I especially love the soups.
When I first arrived at this place it seemed kind of random and sketchy, but I got over it as soon as I walked in. There was fresh seafood everywhere, and our waitress was super friendly. Also, a Woodchuck cider was only $4, so I was immediately pleased. THEN, as our waitress recited the specials, I realized A 1 1/2 POUND LOBSTER with vegetables and fries (seasoned: I think spices, cheese, and parsley, not so sure but they were awesome) WAS ONLY $25. I also ordered crab cakes, which were fresh and delicious, but the lobster was the real treat. It was huge, super fresh, and came with plenty of butter and lemon, and it was actually one of the best seafood-binges I've ever had. I was crazy full when I left this restaurant and paid less that $30. Definitely a must, especially in Philly, where I haven't found  that many great seafood places.
Loved the family owned atmosphere. The owner was so sweet!  We enjoyed the oysters shrimp fish crab and more!!! No room for dessert after all the amazing food. Had fun sitting inside and watching all the people going by. So fun!!!
I really don't like Philadelphia much (to be fair, I dislike most big cities, so please take no offense), but our meal at this restaurant will make it tempting for me to visit again.  The people who work here, bartender, hostess, waitress were all friendly and efficient.  Everything we ate was delicious.  Food and drink were priced fairly.  The atmosphere is casual and happy.  The establishment consists of a big rectangular room with a fish market on one side, dining tables in the middle, and a bar on the opposite side.  The market is separated by a clear glass room divider.  Not a fancy place overall, but quite comfortable, and the tables are set with white tablecloths, cloth napkins, and nice glasses and flatware.  It was mitld outside, so the front doors were wide open, making it even nicer inside.

Our dinner, all items very tasty and plentiful:
Clams Casino
Calamari
Lobster Bisque
Half-shell Oysters
Halibut with broccoli rabe and sun-dried tomatoes
Dungeness crab clusters

Also, good beer selection.
Went there a an old pal of mine the other night for happy hour and dinner.  We started w a dozen oysters which were fresh and good.  Oysters were from Virginia.  Then we got two gin martinis.  Also, made just right.  I then ordered fish and chips, my friend the halibut.  The fish n chips were made very good and the portion was outstanding.  Maybe the coating could have been a bit more crispy and a tad more oily.  Friends halibut was good. Also, the portion was big, big.  Service was friendly and professional.  It's not a trendy place or hip but for Main Street (Manayunk) it'll stand out nicely.
Do not miss out on Anastasi Seafood, it's a total gem in the Italian Market! Everything we had was amazing, fresh and high quality. While Anastasi May look like a retail fish operation, they have tables both indoors and outside for you to enjoy a wide range of seafood dishes. We made a reservation on a Friday night, it was crowded so I would recommend doing so. There is a full bar, so if you have to wait, you can sit and have s drink. Anastasi is a family owned and operated restaurant and seafood store- and 5 generations!! 

The waitress highly recommended the mussels and we were so glad she did! They were HUGE and the red sauce was delicious. My mom and I split a bunch of things, from a grilled Romaine salad with shrimp to a tuna tartar appetizer! Others had the whole fish which they thoroughly enjoyed! 

I absolutely loves this restaurant, but could also see myself going back to pick up some fresh fish to cook myself! Highly recommend!
Miss you guys...always the best prices and most important freshest fish and crabs.. and i know..i used to sell Sal and his Gorgeous sister crabs and clams...JDWholesaleseafood..... eatme!!.. miss them days..my big 1970 International making my way thru the city from philly market to 9th street wide old truck..everyday driving adventure to 9th street.but sal would say I'll make you spot and I'd be there for him...great guy...great family...and did i mention Beautiful sister...she was great....my family also  had Benny fish on 1157 so.9th another unk Ben and Ron and my unk Joey had original dollar store on 1159 next door  couple fruit stands between Federal and Ellsworth and my cuz's between Washington and carpenter st.. miss the old Italian market days..the mayor Frank Rizzo days 1972-1980 what a special time..sitting in the back of the fish store eating clams and spaghetti and handing out cups of homemade wine right from the barrel..and bottle inside joke...and to think my one cuz Anthony has cigar shop..last time i seen him he was still selling fresh fruit...mom said no..her 1st cuz...and on top of it all Anastasia still selling selling top quality fish...miss you guys..and thanks for your friendship loyalty always paying on time..will be headed to philly soon to eat fresh fish....what memory lane sorry to babble...Thanks.....
