**This review is solely for their cheesesteaks, I haven't had the opportunity to rock out one of their pies yet. I hear great things, and I've seen how they're made! I've also seen the reactions from their patrons who has ordered a pie, and I'm all about it. I just need a partner in crime to help me out.**

The battle for supremacy in the "Best Cheesesteak" in Philly is and has been an ongoing battle. Everyone has their favorite, their "ole reliable" for that "go to" spot. A fierce competition to be number 1 and I am more than willing to accept this kind of challenge.  A 1400 plus calorie induced challenge types of deliciousness, and Angelo's you have made my top 3!

What makes a great sammy? Some say it's the ingredients and prep work. Others say its the establishment, and traditions behind it. My friends it is all about that bread, the foundation behind it. This is where you start a soon to be masterpiece, and Angelo's has it my friends. Yes the tradition is important, but it starts with the choice of bread, and it cannot get any fresher. What I mean by that, and what separates Angelo's from the rest is that they make their own bread, and it is simply out of this world. Check this out "mia famiglia",(my family) if they run out of their own bread they have Sarcones to back them up. That right there is what we call covering all the options, basically it's winning. 

Now that we have our foundation secured, we're set to begin this adventure. Picture this kiddies, fresh sliced rib-eye waiting to be thrown on that grill. Perfect marbleized cut after cut of that rib-eye will give you that great flavor with every bite. Then you have the fried onions adding more flavor to it, mingling in between the meat, saying "Hey buddy, I'm here now, lets make it happen". Now that I gave you somewhat of a visual of what to expect, lets go a little further. 

How do we secure this, keep it safe? The answer is Cooper Sharp Cheese! Oh hell YES!  This acts like a  blanket to keep it safe and snug while you're enjoy every bite. The crunch from the bread, that melted goodness mixed all together. It is the perfect ménage à trois ! You will moan at least once, with an "Oh my God" added in there while taking a bite, I guarantee it. Just in case you're not a Cooper Sharp fan, they do have other cheeses, so don't fret. 

What also makes Angelo's stand out is how they handle their patrons. Even though they currently do not have a phone, nor a phone number they really don't need one. Angelo's is constantly busy, where you'll see a nice sized group inside and outside just  waiting to place their order. Having a phone will just slow down their process, and we don't want that. As the 76'ers once said  "Trust the process", and we did, we can surely do this for Angelo's

I also want to point out that Gina, along with her co-workers here are all amazing with their patience, and how they delegate the hungry on-goers. It can be an overwhelming site to see a full shop, while there is more outside waiting to get their chance. They also will make sure you get exactly what you ordered, again amazing. Now get in there, stuff your beautiful faces. 

I am Nando , and I approve this message. 

**Side note**
I will do an updated review after I've tried one of their pies.
No phone = trash business practices. 

I'm not mad because I can't order ahead of time. I'm not even mad because of the long waits. 

Why am I mad? 

Tuesday I drive up to order a few pies. Over 1 hour wait. Didn't have time to wait so I left. This is not why I am mad. 

Wednesday I drive up to order a few pies. Over 1 hour wait. Didn't have time to wait so I left. This is not why I am mad. 

Thursday I drive up to order a few pies. Over 1 hour wait. Didn't have time to wait so I left. This is not why I am mad. 

Friday (today) I drive up to order a few pies. Over 1 hour wait. Didn't have time to wait so I left. This is not why I am mad. I decided I will try coming back at night. 

Friday night (tonight) I drive up. Their page says they close at 9pm. I arrive before 8pm. They are closed. Drove 40+ minutes for nothing. If they would have a damn phone, I could've called ahead of time to know if they were still open. 

Their food might be delicious. I couldn't tell you because I haven't had a chance to try it yet. Them not having a phone is ridiculous and gives them a 1 star rating from me. It's 2019. It's enough they only take cash. Get a damn phone. 

Trash.
tl;dr a frill-less, cash-only joint with a line and one of the best pies in Philadelphia

What does it tell you when the queue at 3PM on a weekday for a takeout joint without even a real table is still nearly an hour? That it must be pretty lip-smacking good. This unassuming storefront has only a small awning to even alert you of its presence. But once within, there's no doubt you've come to the right place -- patrons stand shoulder-to-shoulder awaiting the cashiers to yell out their names. A small wooden bar stretches around the front of the restaurant, and the whitewashed walls are unadorned save for a few pieces of Philly memorabilia. A majority of the space is devoted to the open kitchen, where the pizza brigade is hard at work.  

Push through the ocean of bodies to make your way to the registers place your order, and be warned, cash only! Be sure to ask for an estimated wait (for us, their speculation was within 5 minutes of the actual time).

My partner and I ordered an Upside Down Jawn, half-pepperoni and half-sausage. $30 and 45 minutes later, and our name was called. We posted up at the corner spot of the bar and opened up our hefty pizza box. In a word: delicious. The aroma of fragrant meats and marinara left our mouth-watering as we burned our fingers trying to pull off. The proof is in the ingredients. The fresh red sauce achieved a perfect balance of sweet and savory. Full disclosure: I am not a crust person. Yet, the perfectly fluffy crust on this pie left me finishing every bite. Even after us devouring 8 slices, we only managed to finish half of our pie, and saved the rest for the next day. And, to be quite clear, the leftover slices still would beat out most pizzas in the city. For $30, this pie would be a filling dinner for a group of 4 adults.

On a return visit, I had the chance to sample a few of the hoagie options: the PFD, the Drunk Cutlet, and a Cheesesteak, each sitting at $10-14. These bad boys have a shorter wait time, closer to 20 minutes, and, to get straight to the point, these might well be among the quintessential Philly sandwiches -- move over, Pat's/Geno's and DiNic's. The first thing of note is the out-of-this-world sesame seed roll, which checks off the boxes of soft, sturdy, and flavorful -- perfect for a heavy helping of toppings. With the tartness from the balsamic to complement a bevy of rich meats and cheeses, the PFD earns a spot next to Saad's Chicken Maroosh as the best chicken sandwich in the city. The Drunk Cutlet similarly was loaded with chicken and a flavorful, savory sauce -- my own gripe was that the spinach was slightly overpowering. Finally, the hearty cheesesteak goes above and beyond the competition, with the flavorful Cooper sharp leading the charge against the age-old tradition of whiz.

While it's undoubtedly out of the way and the waits are borderline ludicrous, Angelo's is a no brainer for a tasty, budget-friendly meal. They say money can't buy happiness, but at Angelo's, $30 get's you your own piece of heaven.
Some of the best pizza and sandwiches in South Philly and perhaps the city. I knew it was too good to be true when this place opened in SJ a few years ago. I considered it one of the area's best kept secrets but it was only a matter of time and once word got out, it was all over. Angelo's gained notoriety for both their mouthwatering pizza and hot and cold sandwiches served on a freshly, baked roll from the infamous Sarcone's Bakery. 

Well, some time has passed and so has Angelo's in Haddonfield, NJ but the name, reputation and legacy lives on in South Philly at the corner of Fitzwater and 9th Street in the heart of the Italian market. 

There's no phone to call ahead, no room to sit, no cash accepted, parking can be a challenge and you can always expect a line. All of these things should contribute to a less than stellar experience, but when you finally sink your teeth into a slice of their crispy Grandma pizza bursting full of fresh tomatoes and whole milk mozzarella, cheesesteak with Cooper Sharp American, or loaded roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe, you just seem to...fuggedaboutit!
Bring some cash and expect a wait, but they are a solid place for pizza. Luckily when I went (before the pandemic), there was not a huge line. We waited for about 15 minutes to order and then another 15-20 to get our grandma pie. 

We ate half the pizza together in one sitting, and honestly, we probably could've downed the whole thing right there. The dough was thin but held up nicely, the cheese was fresh and plentiful, but what impressed me the most was their tomato sauce. I've never been someone who eats pizza for the tomato pie experience, but this tomato sauce was flavorful and fresh - a component that I will definitely consider more in other pizzas from now on.

If you're looking for a quality thin crust, authentic pizza experience, I'd recommend coming here.
In the pantheon on pizza this place wasn't really on my radar until Davey, El Presidente, from Barstool sports reviewed it.  Word must have gotten out at this time as this place has exploded with business and reviews.  I'm sure it was excellent before hand but receiving such a high review score made it that much sought after.

Now in regards to orders this place is old school.  Phones only (at least during the pandemic).  Took me 37 phone calls to get through over the course of two days.  By the time I got through I wasn't even hungry; it was more a matter of principle just to try the place.  Open roads during the quarantine made it to shuffle from the opposite end of the city to pick up the food.  Took about twenty five minutes for my pepperoni pizza and cheesesteak to be ready.

Not sure what rolls they use but they are similar to Johns Roast Pork and Primos in that they are seeded and fairly hearty.  Probably one of the best cheesesteaks I've ever eaten for $11.  I got the recommended sharp provolone on it which was melted and liquid like.  Of course can't forget the fried onions.

Up there with the original Joe Beddia pie, this pizza was quality.  Excellent high quality mozzarella that melted accordingly and create a top layer of savory, salty exterior of the pizza.  The pepperoni added to this umamae flavor.   A couple of basil leaves on top and bingo bango we're finished.
I want to try everything before giving this review, but I'll base this on my Upside Down Jawn with pepperoni and spinach. Two days later, there are still a few slices left. As I sit here typing this review with the pizza in my fridge, I find myself missing the pizza. 

Despite a wait, the process was easy. We stood in line 10 minutes max to order and pay. Note: cash only We were told the pizza would be ready in about 45 minutes. During the downtime, we had a drink with friends and restocked up some of our favorite products from the Italian Market. We didn't need to camp out on the sidewalk or wait for hours; that was seamless to me! 

The Upside Down Jawn was a thick pan crust with fluffy dough and flavor throughout. There had to be oil in this to create that luscious flavor. It wasn't drowning in cheese, but had the appropriate ratio. The spinach and pepperoni were a little scattered throughout and not evenly distributed, but that made it fun to select the slices. 

We also got a cheese steak with mozzarella, peppers and onions. I loved the seeded bread, but the sandwich didn't blow me away. My husband, who shared the other half of the sandwich, thought otherwise. I'll probably just stick to the pizza. 

Seriously, for a pizza ordered on Saturday for two people, it's been eaten 
1) Immediately
2) A few hours later Saturday
3) Lunch on Sunday
4) Snack on Sunday
5) Will be part of Monday's dinner 

I'd say that pizza went a long way and was totally worth the slight "inconvenience" of not being able to order by phone/app and having to wait.
If you live within the Philadelphia area, this place is the place to go if you want pizza! This pizzeria caught my attention after a pizza review video done by Dave Portnoy from Barstool. One bite everybody knows the rules...

Pros: 
- the best pizza you'll get for your money 
- you can now call ahead and place an order a pie for pick-up (guess this is one positive of a pandemic) 
- HUGE portions

Cons: 
no real cons, just remember to bring cash with you as they are cash only.
I hate Angelos. That seems to be the running phrase around our house these days. We actually really love Angelos but hate that we no longer can casually get pizza here in Jersey. God how I miss those days of just randomly picking up a pizza in Haddonfield and being home within 10 minutes. But  I've come to terms with the situation and now just have to carefully plan my way back to the perfect pizza.  
 
Anywho....back to the food. If you haven't tried...you must. And when you do...you have to have it all....you must. Upside down, grandma, hot sausage and sweet, cutlet Sammy's, blackened chicken cesar salads. Do it. Do it all. Do it all right now.  The freshest ingredients are used and you can tell! The mozzarella is to die for. My boyfriend talks in his sleep and sometimes when I listen close I hear him talking about the blackened Cesar salad.

Parking is obviously an anomaly so don't have expectations towards that. Pray to Saint Anthony  and maybe you'll be lucky. You are going to want to get some walking in before all the eating happens anyways...trust me. This location as of now does not have any tables. They have a bar along the window so we usually just stand and eat. No phone yet but even when they had a phone in Haddonfield I never could get through so honestly it's no biggie.

Also I saw a review on here saying all the good reviews are from family and friends. Slim chance... the food speaks for itself and it shows. Also I wish I was friend/family would save me a small fortune on pizza.

If your a pizza lover/food lover/looking to live your best life you need to get there!
Go here. The 60-90 minute wait is definitely a time suck, but what does that tell you about the food? Legit city.

The cheesesteak is constructed perfect - homemade seeded bread, ribbons of juicy ribeye, creamy cooper sharp and a subtle bite from the chopped onions. It's in the pantheon of best cheesesteaks in PHL. I was savoring every bite.

The cheese pizza was very good. Charred crust, really good sauce and premium mozzarella. The other options look super appetizing too but for our first time, we wanted the OG.

Tip: If you plan ahead, you can go place your order and then make efficient use of the downtime to fit in other errands. My GF waited in the car while I ran into order/pay (cash only). We hit Trader Joe's for our Sunday grocery routine and then arrived back (still had to wait another 20, but oh well). There are coffee options and bars in the near vicinity too - you just need to get back in the time frame Angelo's staff prescribe.
Went to Angelo's the Sunday after they reopened earlier in the week, from their unfortunate post-launch fire. 

Arrived early afternoon ~1pm and there were already plenty of customers (although no line) and orders currently in the works. I was quoted 30min. for my order to be ready (the guy taking orders/manning the register was a great guy and total pro). I ran a couple errands (for some cannoli) and when I returned exactly 30min. later, my food was ready, as promised (off to a good start!). 

Now the important part...

THE FOOD:
My order:
-Cheesteak, Cooper sharp w/ onions
-The "PFD" sandwich
-The "Looch" sandwich
- "Upside down jawn" pizza, half pepperoni

(All sandwiches served on famous Sarcone's seeded roll, one of my favorite in the entire Northeast). 
The cheeseteak was great. Good steak portion, quality meat. 
The two chicken cutlet sandwiches were amazing. You can taste the quality. You can tell everything is handmade and nothing is frozen. The chicken cutlets themselves are beautiful - perfectly thin (like grandma made), nice light breading, flavorful, not fried too dark or dried out. Portion was big, about 2 cutlets per sandwich, cut up. Secondly, the mozzarella is homemade and delicious. Has a great firmness/texture and flavor. The other components of the sandwiches were equally high-quality. 

The specific pizza I ordered was a thicker crust variety. The dough was really impressive. The really nailed this, a delicious (sourdough?) starter that you can tell spent some time developing. Both in flavor and subsequent bubbling, etc. yielded impossibly dense yet airy crust, with great ratio of at bubbles, deep flavors and perfect sponginess with exterior crispness. I love bread and this was one of the finest examples I've come across. 
The rest of it was great too obviously, flavorful stringy mozzarella, tangy tomato sauce, fresh basil, and my favorite example of pepperoni - the tiny kind that "cups" the grease when baked. 


In summary, if I had to describe Angelo's in two words those would be "quality" and "fresh". Their quality ingredients sets them apart. You can honestly tell the owner loves this food and doesn't sacrifice anywhere. Portions were generous, prices were fair. I assume they're still working out some kinks with operations (and hopefully accepting credit cards soon) but their food is already flawless. 
I wish the owner, family, and employees all the best and I cannot wait for my next visit (I will definitely be a regular!)
I wanted to try Angelo's Pizzeria after the barstool sports review, but I wasn't sure if it would live up to the hype.  No phone number, cash only and long lines, didn't seem appealing.  However, once barstool gave Pizza Brain an honest review, I knew this pizza would live up to the hype.  

This pizza is well thought out.  The crust tastes good, the sauce tastes good and so does the cheese.  The cheese isn't a basic layer of just one or two cheeses, but there are multiple, which all blend perfectly together.  Topped with basil.  I tried the plain then pepperoni and both were good.
I'll admit, I eat pizza at least one time a week, even if it is my cheat meal during strict healthy eating.  It's my favorite food and Angelo's Pizzeria is one of the best in Philly.  I can't wait to try their hoagies and cheesesteaks.
A lot of places do not live up to the hype, this is not one of them. Everything I have tried here were made perfectly , with quality ingredients. 
       People have waited in line for over an hour to get their pizzas, today I received my sandwiches in five minutes and the pizza within 20 minutes of placing my order. 
         First the sandwiches, my Hoagie was absolutely the best I have ever had hands down. The roll could not have been baked over an hour before it was filed with fresh tasty lunch meats. The tomato's tasted fresh like summer, lettuce crisp and fresh and it was perfectly seasoned with olive oil and oregano and onions. 
         The chicken parm also on the same bread was cooked perfectly. The breading was crunchy and the cutlet was moist and flavorful the Parmesan cheese was just right and the gravy covering it all was just like Nonna made it. These have to be the best sandwiches in the city. 
            Each one of the pizzas were cooked perfectly, considering the volume of business they have been doing this is remarkable. The crusts were carefully made and held the high quality cheese and more of that excellent sauce topped with fresh basil  
               I can not wait to go back and try some of the other sandwiches and pizzas.
The best cheesesteak in Philly. This place hits every element out of the park. Steak is tasty, cheese is sharp, and the bread is surprisingly the star of the show.

A few quick notes, Angelo's is cash only, but they do have an ATM inside. When I went on a Friday afternoon, the place was absolutely packed; they did manage to get our food out to us quickly. A few tables outside the store, and some standing room inside the store to eat, but expect it to be jammed. The girl taking our orders was very friendly, and helpful, recommending I get Cooper Sharp, over American Cheese, which turned out to be the right suggestion. 

The cheesesteak with onions and Cooper Sharp cheese is the way to go. Let's start with the surprising star of the cheesesteak, the bread. We're talking about an Italian roll freshly baked in-house. It's seeded, fresh, and used perfectly. Probably the most overlooked element to any cheesesteak, Angelo's nails it. You get this perfect crunch with every bite, and I cannot even begin to tell you how good a fresh baked Italian roll is. To talk about the cheese, go with the Cooper Sharp. It's basically a sharper American, and having tasted them both side by side, the Cooper Sharp adds the perfect balance of flavor. The steak it good quality, cut into ribbons, but not really chopped up too much. I will say, the only real knock on the cheesesteak is I wish there was a tiny more steak on the sandwich, as I did get a few bites with just bread (not that I'm complaining, but is wonderful). The meat is very tasty, and more ribboned, not chopped finely. Also, when you get onions here, you can taste them. Not finely chopped, so you really get the crunch of the onion. In terms of competitors, I think John's Roast Pork cheesesteak is close to it, but the fresh Italian roll, and Cooper Sharp cheese puts this over the edge.

I also had cheese fries while I was here, honestly, they were whatever. Just average, out of a bag fries with some cheese wiz on them. Not that there is anything wrong with that, it's a classic, but nothing special about the cheese fries. Price is $11 for a cheesesteak, which I think is a bit on the higher end for Philly cheesesteaks, but totally worth it.

Food (A-) Pricing (C) Atmosphere (B), Service (B+)
So. We came to Philly in search of literally the worlds greatest Philly cheesesteak and a friend of ours brought us here. We were a little skeptical at first because it was a pizza place so we put our faith in Gemma and Gina, the amaaaaazing girls in the front who took our order and transported us from philly to heaven. 

They picked their favorite Philly cheesesteak and their favorite pizza on the menu and that's what we had. Let me tell you right now that the hype is real and our expectations are met and I can die now because I'm the happiest person in the world. 

If you're visiting Philly or you live here and you're craving a cheesesteak or a pizza just stop what you're doing and go here and ask for Gemma or Gina and ask them to order for you. You will be happy. Beyond happy.
Let me preface this review by saying it's not a review of the food, but of the establishment itself. Heard about them through a family member and asked around, word is the pizza is legit, a rarity in Philadelphia. Saw that they only take cash and have no phone for call in orders. I guess that's their way of expressing a sense of old school charm, yet they have an Instagram and Twitter account, interesting. I never carry cash, but cool, I came prepared, going out of my way to the bank to make sure I was armed with a few 20s for the transaction a 25 minute drive away. If you live in the area, parking as you know is a real treat in this neighborhood, spent about 45 minutes looking for a spot and finally found one a reasonable 4 blocks away in the 30 degree weather. Walk in only to find out, surprise surprise, they're out of pizza dough. Yup, a pizza place out of pizza dough. Normally this would haven't had been a huge issue if you know, I COULD HAVE CALLED BEFOREHAND AND FOUND THIS OUT BEFORE WASTING ALMOST TWO HOURS OF MY LIFE. Note to management, your no phone shtick isn't cute or charming, it comes off as pretentious and gimmicky. You're not Paulie from Goodfellas, IT'S 2019, GET A PHONE
Arguably the finest pizza in Philadelphia, the two hour wait for a pie should attest. Also serves abundance of Italian fast food that looks delicious but requires more patience and pre-planning than I have available. 

Angelo's Pizzeria. They have become super famous of late and are trying to deliver quality while handling the lines. Time to imitate Joe's and  Frank Pepe and open a second location in the city.

Like the cheesesteaks pizza can involve more opinion than data, so here is Angelo's regular cheese pizza review.

The crust: perfectly crispy, light full of flavor and sized for folding. Baked slow in an oven with quality dough. Golden deliciousness that is worth every bite.

The sauce: light, hot, thin and ripe tomato. If they have a Pizza belt uniqueness, it's the minimal sauce, very Philly and it works.

The cheese: the best part. Thick, mozz, and other stuff blended to salty and savory perfection. Looks great tastes better. The sauce doesn't so much blend with as add flavor to the oils of the cheese. Don't order extra cheese. 

Toppings: basil, adds a lot of flavor when hot should be removed if cool. Pepperoni would work if you have a need to build the Lilly. Black olives would drown in this cheese but the flavor is correct. Would not consider seafood or mushrooms as they have too much extra flavor. 

Serving: Buy a whole pie and let this pizza set for at least 5 to 10 after it comes out of their oven or the cheese will slide off and your mouth will get burnt. That goes for any good pizza in fact. 

Bellisimo and bravo on a true Pizza belt grand slam!
We waited what felt like FOREVER for this pizza. But every time someone would walk by with a pizza I could smell that heavenly goodness. The basil and that fresh dough. It was torture, but pleasurable torture. 

The place is small and if you go during prime time, you're going to be waiting, but it is worth it! This pizza is good fresh, cold, reheated, the next day. No matter when you eat it you will love it and you will crave it for days. My favorite part is definitely the fresh basil and the thing that tips this pizza over the edge.
Came here on the recommendation of a friend.  Big line when I rolled up and total disorganization. You have to be allowed in to the restaurant to order and to pick up your food.  I ordered and was told cash only. Seeing as I only ordered a cheesesteak I figured it would not take as long as the pizzas other people ordered. Went to wait outside.  Everyone packed around the restaurant, with many saying they had been waiting 45 minutes to an hour.  They call the names of the orders out from inside so if you can't understand exactly what they yelled you are basically stuck trying to guess if your order is ready or not.  Then, once they call out a set of names you have to wait again in line to then pick up your order and pay.

Given how long it was taking and how unorganized things were I should have known better and walked away, but I decided to wait seeing as I was in no rush.  Finally, about an hour later, my order was ready.  After waiting in line to pick up my order and finally paying, I get my cheesesteak, which is warm, not even hot.  On top of that, it cost $13, which is the most expensive cheesesteak I can remember ordering in Philly.

As for the quality, to me, this probably ranked among the worst cheesesteaks I have had in Philly (granted most are great so not saying a lot). The meat and cheese was fine, chopped up and the cheese adequately mixed with the meat.  Where things fell apart for me was the bread. They use a seeded roll more reminiscent of a french bread style with a firmer texture than your standard amoroso roll.  The seeds were far too overpowering of a flavor in the sandwich, which ultimately somewhat ruined it for me.

Many people say the pizza is great, but I did not try it and given the mess their ordering process was, I'm not sure I will be back to try it.
One bite, everyone knows the rules!

We arrived about 20 minutes prior to when they opened on a Sunday afternoon. The line was maybe 20 people deep, but soon after we arrived the line was stretched down the block. 

Once you make it inside the door it is super packed but it moves quickly. Definitely check out the menu before you get to the front so that you are ready to go once you reach the front counter. Also, CA$H only! 

They quoted us a 45 minute wait after we ordered, so we took our time strolling through the Italian Market area and grabbed coffee. We checked in maybe 35 minutes later and our pizza was ready. 

We ordered the Upside Down Jawn w/sausage and basil. WHAT A PIZZA!! If you are a fan of the thick crust, you will love it. Despite being incredibly doughy and chewy, the crust to toppings ratio is just right and there's enough in one box to feed a small army.
The most popular pizza right now in Philly is Angelo's in the Italian Market area.  This pizza shop started across the river in New Jersey but last year opened a branch in Philadelphia.  Ever since it has opened its doors, it has been crowded..  Okay the reviews have also been great but word of mouth really promoted this pizzeria.  And guess what, it deserves all this attention because it does turn out a very tasty pizza.  The crust is the highlight here - baked just long enough to capture crispness but never losing its lightness.  Perhaps their most popular pizza is the 'Grandma.' This is actually a square pie with an even thinner crust than is used for their regular round pies.  The 'Grandma' is tasty but it is also def expensive.  It's base price is over $20 and then when you add on some toppings along with a tax and tip, you're about at $30.  Now this is where I take a star away because I just don't know if it is actually worth that price - especially in comparison to some other pizza pies I like in Philly. I should mention here that there is usually a wait at Angelo's to get your order but they do their best to keep the lines moving and the pizzas and other sandwiches coming out as quickly as possible.  On a busy Sunday recently, they told me it would be about a 45 minute wait for my pizza but it actually arrived about 10 minutes quicker. That was much appreciated as I was getting very hungry watching all those pizzas being made!
Amazing square pizza!! The dough is nice and substantial, but still light and one of the best pizza doughs (keep in mind, this isn't your thin pizza). For the price, you get a huge pizza that can definitely feed at least 4 people. They're cash only and you have to call to order - their phone line gets pretty busy, so just keep calling and eventually you'll get through!
Okay okay. Pizza is so good. Too good. CASH ONLY. You also have to order in person. No instant gratification of delivery or calling in lol. 

I love crust and this one is heavenly. I got the diavolo pizza which is surprisingly spicy which is perfect for me. This particular pizza was heavy like other people have said, but give it a little fold and you're good to go. Lots of hot sausage and hot peppers. Perfect.

I went at open (which is noon Tuesday to Sunday) and people were already swarming in along with me. Service was super nice, they recently added tables and chairs outside so you don't have to stand and wait. 

Next will definitely be back for the sandwiches. Couldn't get both cause of you look at the portions you'd understand. I ate this pizza for four meals!
My friend was a huge fan of their pizza when they were in Haddonfield so I was eager to try them at their new Philly location. The cheese pizza with mushrroms was $19 before tax, and the wait was about an hour long (Friday of opening week, ordered around 5pm). There is a little bit of standing room, no tables, but some counter space around the edges. I would say this is definitely meant to be enjoyed as a take out spot for people in the area. Cash only for now.

Pizza was delicious. Quality ingredients, great crust and cheese. I'm excited to try the upside down pan pizza another time, and I'm hoping they can scale up/cut down the wait times since I'd love to be able to eat here more easily.
This place has tremendous word of mouth, and I was very excited to try it. I had my eye on the meatball sandwich but unfortunately it was sold out. I always have a backup plan though, so I ordered their cheesesteak.

Since I was in the heart of South Philly, i went with Provolone , not my usual go-to. Prov is great but in realizing I don't like it for cheesesteaks. I grew up on American, and while its an inferior cheese, the way it melts and gets into the meat is much better.

That info aside, this was among the best cheesesteaks I've ever eaten. The bread is key. I'm told Angelos bakes their own bread and that they are loosely connected to the Sarcone family. This is evident. It seemed like the bread was slightly overbaked, based on some of the other pictures I've seen, but it didn't really detract from the sandwich. The meat was ample and very tender. If they were maybe off their game a little bit, it only makes me wonder how great it would be if i chose my preferred cheese and got a slightly lighter roll. Quite possibly the best cheesesteak in the city. 

Need to get back for the meatball parm amd the pizza, but going back is no problem. While the line was long at 1pm, I didn't feel the wait was excessive. And the outdoor tables were a nice treat and plenty open. I also found parking within a block, although id guess that's less easy after work hours. Cash only, but i was prepared for it, and there's an ATM inside. Staff was not the usual surly tgat you get in the popular spots. The girl at the counter was lovely. 

Overall, Angelos has the potential to be o,a of the best spots in Philly. Im a fan.
Service- super genuine and friendly, prompt.

Pizza? I got the UPSIDE DOWN JAWN. It's in all caps because it weighed like 30lbs and was outrageously delicious. Thick dense deep dish, tangy sweet red sauce, stringy high end mozzarella cheese, caramelized crispy crust. 

Hands down best pizza in the city. 9.2 non rookie score everyone knows the rules

FYI- one pie basically feeds a family of 50.

Oh- to the weirdos complaining about seating- welcome to Philly.
Forget Geno's and Pat's when it comes to cheesesteaks -- THIS is the place you want to go. (Get the sharp -- just trust me on this one.)

The prices? A little higher than most, yes, but worth every penny. (Thanks, Mr. Portnoy!)

Staff was masked, and social distancing was in place.

A new Philly favorite for me and mine!
Angelo's is the real deal pizza - I can't describe it any better than El Presidente  or these glowing reviews before mine. I selfishly and stupidly held off on reviewing this place because I knew it would blow up but then barstool steps in and they're quickly the hottest place pizza place in PA.

The grandmas pizza is a can't miss - I always add the imported pepperoni - gives it a nice little kick and those little babies curl up and hold some of that grease - YUM.

Yeah sometimes they run out - sometimes it's earlier than later but can you imagine if they had a phone? You'd never get a pizza, they'd be sold out by 2! Yeah no phone sucks - but they're not being pretentious about it - they don't only make 40 pizzas they make as much as they possibly can and are pretty diplomatic - first come - first served.

Don't just stop at the pizza though, their hoagies are one of the best as well! They make their own bread and load them up with high quality ingredients. 

I'm hoping to make a catering order for my office in the coming weeks - I'll update this review with how that goes! Oh and also - check out their insta stories- boys are fucking hysterical. I was DEVASTATED when Sarcone's deli closed and never imagined it would be replaced so easily!
New pizzeria that relocated from Haddonfield. We tried a grandma's pie with pepperoni and a tomato pie. Both were great - it looked like some of their Jersey customers followed them across the bridge - the place was packed on its first Saturday night.

We'll be back.
Angelo's Pizza is hands down my favorite pizza in Philly as of the moment. They came in Gangbusters and stole my heart. There is nothing that I dont like about their pie. The abuse is incredibly delicious, the cheese is creamy and the perfect amount and the crust is also baked perfectly crispy to make one tasty pie. 
The shop is immaculate and very homey. The staff is incredibly productive and professional. When I was there they gave out free slices because it was crowded. It was understandably crowded because of the product. I am kind of glad they are not in my neighborhood because that would be Dangerous for me. If you haven't tried them yet. What the Hell are you waiting for?
Angelo's is as good as it gets! Hands down the best pizza and cheesesteaks in Philadelphia, run by the incredibly generous and hard-working group of friends and family. These people are real-deal, South Philly Italians who are committed to their craft, pouring every ounce of love they have into creating something special every single day in the heart of one of the best food neighborhoods in the entire country. 

That's not to mention the amount of care shown during the COVID pandemic, being safe, taking care of essential and frontline workers, and spending countless hours doing extra philanthropic work done around the community. Danny D. and his team are second to none.

It simply does not get any better than this, folks!
My husband and I drove from Florida to see his sister here in philly but not before making our first stop at angelos. We've been waiting weeks to try the pizza and cheesesteak and it did not disappoint. The pizzas crust,cheese, and sauce were all high quality, fresh and delicious, the touch of fresh basil at the end was perfect and fragrant. One of the best pizzas we've had in a while. We also got the cheesesteaks with the cooper sharp cheddar and onions and wow that's shit was fiiiiiiiirrrree  never had a cheesesteak on a Seeded Italian roll it was quite good. They were not stingy on the beef and the cheese really had a fantastic taste. Very very good also didn't have to wait to long we arrived when they opened and got our food within 15 min totally worth the wait. Don't miss out on this gem ppl go to angelos!!!
This place is very popular. I arrived at noon and there's already a line outside. Make sure you ask around if those people are waiting in line or waiting for the orders because it can be mixed up.

I ordered upside jawn pizza half with pepperoni. It is the thick crust version. Inside the store is very packed with people waiting for the orders. You can see an army of people working. It takes about an hour for the whole process. 

It's definitely worth the  wait.  The bubbly side crust is so crispy. The dough is soft. It's a heavy pizza. I definitely recommend  this.
The Upside Down Jawn pie is to die for. One bite of it makes the wait well worth it. Who knew that making your own dough from high quality Italian flour and letting it ferment for a week elevates this pizza to something otherworldly. And if you see bags of homemade potato chips on the counter, snag those as well and head to one of the four small tables out front or up the block to the park to devour your meal. And then do what I do and come back for more eats. Just leave your credit cards at home because this jawn is cash only.
I came on a Saturday, so it's reasonable that there were hoards of people waiting for their orders. After I pressed through the crowd, I got to the two cashiers.

As a single diner, I just wanted one slice. They don't have single slices. But the way the cashier snidely told me "we don't do slices." Was both unnecessary and rude. I'm not blaming her. I understand she's busy and frustrated. But this was an unacceptable service experience. I get the feeling it's not uncommon at the shop. 

I'll be back to try the food at an off hour. But no food is worth being treated inhumanely for. None.
My husband has been following angelos on social media and talking it up for monthssss. I'm definitely the one that's harder to please when it  comes to food so I thought, "meh, how good could it be?" 

Really fucking good.

We got the Philly good dude sandwich and it did notttt disappoint. My husband lovessss bread and I usually take out half the bread on any sandwich cuz I find it to be too much bread. Not this one. I read about how good the house made bread was on reviews, and let me tell you, it was not overhyped. It was just right. The bread was perfect - soft inside, flaky outside and not dense or heavy. The fresh mozzarella, balsamic vinegar, chicken cutlet and arugula were the perfect combo of savory and fresh. I loved every bit of that sandwich and can not wait to try more of Angelos menu!
I have been dying to try Angelo's for a while because I've heard nothing but good things, and let me tell you...this spot is the real deal. We spent the day walking around the Italian Market and worked up quite an appetite. We ordered a Sicilian slice to share while we waited for a chicken parm sandwich and a cheesesteak. The pizza warranted Angelo's five stars alone. My chicken parm sub was HUGE and almost as delicious as the pizza. The cutlets they use are thin, which is exactly the way they should be, and the sauce is amazing. The cheesesteak was good, but you can get better ones at other spots around the city. If you come, you must try one of their pizzas or one of their chicken cutlet subs. You will not be disappointed!
Where do I start!

We drove by and saw all the people outside and we're intrigued. 

Before I dive into my review I do wanna clarify that I understand that we have a pandemic and things are different, therefore I am doing this review based on their way to adapt to the world situation and also this review is about the items we tried overall. 
I will be noting all about the EXPERIENCE as a whole. 

Some things may be different from prior to covid I will put an * next to the experience I feel that is probably post covid policy. 

This location is very popular it seems. they have tons of people here and I heard that they open in the morning and remain open until they daily ingredients run out. To me that mean that they are so popular that they run out of food every single day!

As we decided to get pizza from here we came to find out that they only take orders through the phone *   the lines were so busy that it took almost an hour to get in touch with he person answering the phones, and we were calling non stop for the entire time. 

Once we got the order in we were told to come in about 20 min to get the pizza. 

THIS PLACE IS CASH ONLY so we had to make sure we had enough money and that is the easy part. 


Parking here was easy as they do not have dine in *.... so people park get their pizza and go, none the less it is street parking

We came to get the pizza and it took longer than 20 minutes for sure. Their style is pretty similar to MICHAELA'S in Napoli, someone comes outside and screams a name and you come get your pizza and pay inside *

After well over 20 min we got our pizza, however when we looked in the pizza was missing toppings we had ordered and we had to come back and turn the pizza in so they could fix it, AND HERE IS WHY I AM GIVING THEM THE 2 STARS.

They took the pizza back in, we waited ANOTHER HOUR for the correct pizza, it was pretty cold and we had to stay outside. 

By the time we got our correct pizza they had already ran our of ingredients, and that was around 3pm. 

before I give my final thoughts let me talk about the pizza 

GRANDMA STYLE WITH PEPPERONI- the pizza is square, marketed as a thin crust, I must say that I love deep dish but this thin crust was kind of a mid range and I was pleased with the cheese to dough ration..... so as far as the pizza dough I was happy with it. the toppings and the sauce taste was good, we think that they have the best pepperoni we have had in a long while. however the pizza is far from outstanding.


NOW HERE IS THE FINAL TOUGHT ABOUT THE ENTIRE EXPERIENCE SO PLEASE READ THIS.

the fact that we spend an entire hour to order, over 30 min waiting for the pizza, to get it and see it was the wrong pizza (lucky for us who checked before driving away as we are not locals) and the wait another HOUR for them to give us the correct pizza was honestly NOT WORTH AT ALL the final product. 

they have plenty of inconveniences from phone orders *, cash only, long waits.... the expectation is that this pizza is worth all the hustle and it WAS NOT.

the pizza was OK at best, far from the best I ever had. 

the fact that they pushed us to the back of the line AGAIN to make the correct pizza was honestly an slap to our face, we had to wait AGAIN as if we had just ordered and that is not how things go in the restaurant industry. 

WHEN they make a MISTAKE they should push the meal to the front of the line and make sure the customer gets whet they asked for..... 

honestly I do NOT recommend this place and will NEVER come back here, they displayed the behaviour of a already successful business that does no longer car to customer satisfaction....
Worth the hype, but 1 star knocked off for Angelo's being strictly cash only, somewhat of a limited menu (Covid impact) and no ability to order online, which inevitably causes long hold times over the phone or a complete busy signal. 

Now for the food - BOMB.com!
I ordered the DIAVLO (Italian long hots, hot sausage, homemade arrabbiata sauce, red pepper flakes, fresh garlic) and added pepperoni. The fresh garlic was perfect and refreshing as the Italian long hots mixed with red pepper flakes definitely give off some heat. 

Being from NY, I judge a pizza place on its crust and the ability to withstand the "fold". This crust gets an A+
This place is the real deal...there are a lot of hoagie shops, pizza shops and cheesesteak joints in the city.  Many of them do a decent job at one of the aforementioned basic food groups.  But aside from Angelo's I have never seen a place do all three so perfectly.  

The pizza is well documented by Portnoy...whether you love him or hate him, he's pretty good at accurately judging pizza.  I go with cheese only, and yes you must order one on every visit.  I would go for a heartier pizza but my true loves are just beyond the horizon.

The Italian hoagie, is what a hoagie should be.  If you don't know that term, it's because your form outside of the Delaware Valley and sadly have never experienced our bread.  Because just as with cheesesteaks, the bread makes or breaks it.  Angelo's makes their own rolls that by themselves are worth fighting over.  Mild provolone goes along the hinge (never cut a roll in half or you might as well eat a sandwich).  Thin sliced meats (with plenty of hot capicola add fatty, salty goodness.  Then the vegetables, thin sliced tomatoes, thin red onions and shredded iceberg (keep that arugula shit on your salads).  The best part is they season the vegetables and douse them with vinegar...but wait, it gets better. 

Philly invented the cheesesteak and then perfected it.  I'm not talking the crap you find everywhere else in the world.  There isn't green peppers on these things....mushrooms?  Get that shit out of here.  Steak, if you would like onions and cheese.  A little bit back Cooper sharp exploded on cheesesteaks and on seeded rolls; they're game changers and nobody in the entire city that created this masterpiece does it better than Angelo's.  Perfectly seasoned beef, not chopped into dog food but not big slabs, thoroughly mixed with whatever cheese (do try the Cooper) you want.  Topped with fried onions.  Absolute bliss, in every bite you take.  This thing will be the death of me but it was a fun ride. 

Go to Angelo's, stop bitching about it being cash only...it's South Philly.  Call ahead or if you're lucky maybe they'll take a walk in.  Order as much as you think you can eat in the next three days and then order more.  I promise you this will be the ultimate and honestly will probably ruin you for any place else.
I used to love going to this place, but the owner making racist covid jokes during a time when the community needs to come together more than ever makes it hard for me to continue supporting the business. The pizza itself is fine, but nothing worth going out of the way for. There are plenty of great options nearby, including Santuccis, and Square Pie.
I had to update my review because the last few times I've been here it has been bad experiences. It's a crapshoot. 
Angelo's needs a TELEPHONE. 
Like EVERY OTHER STORE IN THE 21st CENTURY. 
I'm tired of going all the way here and something isn't available. It would be nice to know in advance when the pizza mixer isn't working!
Last night they said they "Ran out of square dough"
Wtf?
So none of the square pizzas were available. 

This is just unacceptable. 

Why can't they have a phone? I just don't get it. 
You don't know what they will have. It is Mind Boggling. 

If anyone knows of another place I can start going to instead just lmk. I read my inbox. 
I'm looking for something like Angelos Upside Down Jawn. Thick croissant like crust. 

That's the only reason Angelo's is still a 5 star rating for me. Everything else about this place BLOWS:
No parking. It is always Crowded. No phones. Cash only. Honestly this would be a 2-Star if not for that pizza.
Second visit -- they were out of pizzas (about 6pm on a Friday), so we got a bunch of sandwiches instead. The cheesesteak was amazing once again, and the chicken parm was excellent. I think our favorite, though, was the Boom, which is a non-daily menu item, and had chicken cutlets, fresh mozz, long hots stuffed with prosciutto, and shaved parmesan. This one really blew us away.

We'll be back to try more -- I really wanted to try the upside down especially, so hopefully next time.
This is a classic example of an overhyped yelp place.  There is no way this place deserves 4.5 stars. I could have gotten better pizza at any plaza in south jersey. Too salty for one thing. There was NOTHING exceptional or outstanding about this pie.
Ridiculously overpriced. $20 for a plain cheese pie. I only paid that much because I thought I was getting something exceptional. You can go to any Tony Pepperoni Pizza Joint in South Philly and get a better pie.
I can't understand it. What is it, the naive suburbanites come in from their sheltered cul-de-sacs and blindly follow the herd? 
Don't fall for the yelp hype. Highly overrated.
Looks like I found my new favorite cheesesteak spot.

I had a friend in town who had never had a cheesesteak. So we went to a few of my favorite spots. The classics known best to the native Philadelphians. Not those tourist traps you see on TV. Angelo's has been getting a lot of hype recently. From word of mouth to YouTube vloggers, I've been seeing the name quite a bit. I figured there was no time better to give it a try than when I was also getting my favorites for a fair and even comparison. Angelo's took the top spot of places to get a cheesesteak in my opinion.

What sets Angelo's apart from every other pizzeria serving a cheesesteak? They keep it classic while using subtle changes to make their sandwich stand out from the crowd. A sesame seeded roll and the addition to Cooper's sharp American for their cheese makes the difference without being too "in your face" about it. 

We split one and my biggest regrets was just not getting my own. Can't wait to return to south Philly to get one again.
Angelo's is the finest pizza and sandwiches you'll find anywhere. Phil B. is a strapper. Always was. Always will "B".
Angelos relocated from Haddonfield, NJ to South Philly. From their pizzas to their sandwiches to their Sunday Gravy- everything is awesome! The owner, Danny, puts his heart into his business and it shows through his connection with the customers and desire to only serve the best food. Try it out, you won't regret it.
Pizza is my favorite food.  I have had it all over the world from Italy to India and from the streets of Naples to the streets of New York.  I moved to Philly four months ago and was waiting for great pizza.  And, after trying the rest (or at least a few,) I found the best.

There were people there from South Jersey, Italy and Ohio waiting in a small area in front of the counter for steaks, chicken and the amazing pizza.

The first thing you taste is the quality of the toppings and cheese.  The sauce is not overpowering but not too sweet or tart.  The crust was crisp and reheated well.  

This is not cheap pizza, nor is it really expensive. It was about $20 bucks for cheese and sweet Italian pie.  The sandwiches looked great as well and run about $11 for a sandwich which will feed to hungry people.

This is worth traveling for.
Angelo's pizzeria is the best place for Philly cheesesteak EVER. I tired there cheesesteak with every thing on it and it was amazing every thing was cooked well and also taste amazing!!
Sorry but this place doesn't deserve the hype. It's BS actually and I hate to be the first s*** storm to come down on this place but someone has to. Here we go:

1. No phone number to call to place an order for delivery/takeout OR ask if they are "out of dough" (more on that below. Forcing you to walk/drive there.
2. Cash only establishment.
3. Tried going 3 times here during normal dinner hours only to get turned down due to "we are closed early tonight" or "we're out of pizza dough..."
4. The only time I did manage to place an order the cashier recommended I get a cheese steak ("because that what they are known for in Philly").
5. The cheese steak was filled with onions, peppers, mushrooms and cheese. There was very little meat - almost non existent. 
6. If you do walk down there and get lucky enough that they have dough... get ready to wait another 45 minutes for them to make the pizza. Bonus: there is a nice park across the street you can wait at (I'm a nice person I promise). 

I do want to try the pizza as I've heard good things. But that's clearly impossible. 

I get the whole exclusive, marketing approach this place is trying to pull off but seriously this place is clearly only here to waste my time and yours. Good luck.
This pizza is ridiculously good. Probably in my top 3 in Philly. I like how they offer both thin and think crust, and I honestly couldn't decide which I liked better since they were both amazing. Do note that we came when it wasn't terribly busy and waited about 40 mins for 3 pies. There's no seating options inside as this seems like more of a take out place. Definitely worth it!
Had the PFD (Philly Food Dude) chicken cutlet sandwich here and am happy to confirm the sandwiches are also amazing, and definitely appreciated after Sarcone's closing. Chicken cutlet, mozzarella, prosciutto, artichokes, arugula, and balsamic glaze. Perfect combination of savory, fresh vegetables, and sweetness.
What legitimate business doesn't have a phone? I visited Angelo's only to find out upon arriving that they didn't have dough (and were cash only as well *sigh*). It would have been nice to find these things out over the phone instead of wasting time driving there.

Get a phone FFS.
Intriguing Pizza shop on the street I frequent most in South Philly. Outstanding bread is used for their pies and the place is always packed. Warning - they do not serve slices on weekends so your looking at mininum $16 for a plain pie, I got two toppings and it ran me a little over $24.

There pizza is worth trying however the pie I got did not meet my standards as I like my pies with ample and tasty pizza sauce. The sandwiches I hear are spectucular and I will return to try them however as far as the pies I would go with a speciality pie next time and update review accordingly. 

Ever since this neighborhood joint was reviewed by barstool and the clip went viral there has been a line around the block so expect a 30-45 minute wait on average.

It is up to you if you are willing to wait in the jam packed smokey interior with no seating. Next time I go I am going to play it smart and hit a neigborhood bar while I wait and pro tip you can bring your pie to Garage Bar and eat it as they do not offer food.
The review is for the sandwiches: they are huge. You can make two meals from it. Cash only.


They don't have phone number yet to place order in advance.


When I went there they didn't make pizza because there's a sign saying that the dough sucks. They usually use Sarcone bread. But since they didn't make pizza, they made their own bread so it's fresh.

Both sandwiches are loaded. The bread is fresh with crunchy crust. Definitely come back for the pizza and others
I came here based on a recommendation from a local, and Angelo's did not disappoint.  This is the best pizza I have had in Philly so far and I have had a lot.  When you walk in it does not look like much but the crowd in the tiny customer waiting area is a great indication they make good food.  We ordered the 16" pizza with hot sausage and pepperoni, with a hot red sauce.  The highlight is the crust and the sausage was also amazing.  They also offer a series of cheese steak sandwiches, pizzas, and even salads.   They use Sarcone's rolls on their sandwiches which is a big plus.  I will definitely be back and fully recommend Angelo's.
My favorite take out restaurant in the world. They bake their own Italian seeded loafs and its the best - hands down. They roast their red peppers and long hots, sauté spinach w garlic and have Cooper Sharp cheese.  Thanks Angelos.
Best pizza and cheesesteak in town. We hope it stays under-the-radar but it's too good not to share about. Limited outdoor seating so we do take-out. TIP: cash only and you can't order ahead, so make sure you have 20-30 minutes to kill when you arrive because you'll have to wait while they make the pizza!
Been here twice in one week. Easily the best pizza in the city that doesn't require a dinner reservation. Anyone who give less than 5 stars should be kicked off yelp for life. While we waited for amazing mamas pie with fresh ground parm and basil on top they gave out free slices of some other amazing pizza.  Cash only. Praying for delivery to get added to mix.
I saw this place listed in many food blogs for best piaces to go in Philly for cheesesteaks, hoagies, and of course pizza.

The first time i went I was in the mood for a hoagie, so I ordered the Italian hoagie. It was nicely sized and seasoned and the meats were fresh. The only complaint I had was that the bread was a bit hard.

The second time I went I tried the cheese pizza. The pizza had a nice flavor to it, I liked the fresh basil. It wasn't phenomenal nor was it the best pizza I've ever had, but it was very good.

Next time I go, I want to try the cheesesteak and compare it to some other place I've been to.

One note, there is no online ordering and it's takeout only. It also seems like there is only one phone and they don't have call waiting. I got a busy signal and had to keep calling back for 15 mins or so before I could place an order.
Unequivocally, and without hesitation, I now believe this is the best pizza in the Philadelphia area. 

It may be up there in the best I've ever had conversation with places like Frank Pepe in New Haven. 

It's the cheese. I've never tasted a pizza cheese that seemed more authentic to me. The sauce is present without doing too much to overpower it. The basil adds more complexity. And they've achieved perfect crust freshness. 

I gave it a 9.3 on the Barstool Portnoy Scala.
THE GOAT OF PIZZA! I kid you not, if you're in Philly, DEFINITELY check out Angelo's! The pizza and sandwiches are absolutely incredible. The food is so fresh and so worth the wait! I believe they are cash only (might have to double-check this), so make sure you bring cash! I also recommend going all out when you order from here and order a couple of different pizzas and sandwiches to share, especially if you're with a group of people. It's a great way to try different items from here!
I usually have decent length reviews, but I'll keep this one short because all you need to know that this place is WORTH THE HYPE. Good old Dave and all the other reviewers got this place right. 

You order ahead by phone and it's cash only. Both the pizza and sandwiches are top notch, but I was more impressed with the pizza. This place is a must-try in Philly.
Best pizza I've had in Philly and it's not even close . Ordered and upside jawn and it was perfection. Can't wait to go back .
Dave Portnoy, the legend himself, rated both the pizza AND the cheesesteak above a 9, which is a legendary score. I had wanted to visit Angelo's ever since. After calling no less than 85 times at lunchtime on a Saturday, we finally were able to place our order. Our wait time was standard, around 30-45 minutes. The pizza did not disappoint. The crust was delicious - it was crispy and flaky. The cheese was good and abundant, and the basil on top added to the flavor. This joint seems to really know how to make bread; the bun of the cheesesteak was also spectacular, well toasted and studded with sesame seeds. The cheesesteak itself was only ok; I've had better in Philly. We ordered a cheesesteak with Cooper Sharp cheese, mushrooms, and roasted red peppers. I wish they offered onions, I think it's weird that they don't. The meat itself isn't super flavorful. 
Overall, definitely worth visiting Angelo's. The pizza is truly divine. Though a little pricier, it's very good and worth the hype, even if you have to call 85 times before your call goes through.
My friend and I headed to Angelo's after hearing about how amazing it was from another friend. Coupled with the glowing from Barstool Pizza, there was definitely a high expectation for the pizza. Maybe not their best day, but I know there is definitely high potential for the pizza. 

We headed over on a Friday around 1 PM with a solid line. We ordered the Cheese Pizza (a must as a baseline), the Diavalo, and the Drunk Cutlet sandwich. We killed our 25 minute wait time by walking a few blocks over to Isgro Bakery for some sweets. By the time we got back, our order was just coming out - perfect timing. 

Since there are only a few tables outside, we took the food to my car and posted up on the trunk. The long awaited moment to dig into the cheese pizza was finally here...

I was personally let down. I had built it up in my mind that it would be a crunchy, crispy bite but instead it was more doughy. However, it was still very good pizza. Cheese was flavorful and the crust was crispy. Apparently that day on Instagram it was said that the oven was acting up; I'll let them slide for now. 

On the other hand, the Diavalo was too spicy for me, so I cannot knock Angelos - that's on me. The Drunken Cutlet was very tasty! The bread was crunchy, there was a plethora of chicken, the garlic slices was fantastic, the blush sauce added a nice wetness, and the spinach and ricotta were both refreshing touches. 

Overall, solid cheese pizza that could be better (when done how it was on Barstool) and the sandwich was fantastic. Need to go again!
Let's be honest... the hype is real. I called ~50 times before getting through but ordered a pie and it was ready in 20 mins. They pump these pies out like wizards, I swear, and somehow they're still insanely delicious. Crust is crisp and chewy, and there's the perfect ratio of cheese to sauce. The basil leaves are just the extra special touch. I am from New York and therefore was born a pizza snob, but Angelo's is one of the best pies in Philadelphia and could easily match up with the better pies I've had in NY.

Someone made a suggestion to me about calling on off days/hours, and it worked. Good luck getting a pie Friday-Sunday - if you do, please reach out to me with your magic.
The Upside Down Jawn is very tasty, which is why is am giving this place four stars. I also heard the sandwiches are amazing so I suggest everyone try this spot at least once. However, the Jawn is nowhere near as good as Square Pie (8th and East Passyunk). Also, the hassle of ordering from this place makes me hesitant from ordering from here again. First off, they don't take orders over the phone, so you have to walk in to place an order. Second, the place is always mobbed, so you're likely to wait 40-60 minutes to get your food. Third, this place is cash only. Fourth, there is no indoor seating. There are a few outdoor seats in the front of the place, but they are always full and will obviously be useless in the cold seasons. 

When I ordered the Jawn, I grabbed a slice out of the box as soon as I got out of the place.  That slice was the most delicious. By the time I got home 10 minutes later the dough was denser and not as delicious. But I have to admit that the sauce was very flavorful. It's definitely a good pie. Just be prepared for some hassle.
We drive up to Angelo's from DC every month for their pizza because it is so good and so much better than NY pizza here in DC. And yes we have tried them all!  Angelo's uses the best ingredients and makes the best dough and it is never greasy like Andy's that everyone raves about in DC.  It is worth the trip and we also grab goodies at Claudio's, Sausages at the butcher across the street and bread at Sarcone's-also a solid 5-star place. Angelo's cheesesteak is the bomb to and their pizza is amazing
The cutlet sandwiches are seriously out of this world. I got the looch which came with long hots. Every bite just screams quality and fresh ingredients. I cant wait to try the "drunk" cutlet sandwich that comes with their vodka sauce. The fries were alright but their sandwiches can not be missed out. I've looked everywhere for a good cutlet sandwich in philly and finally found a home.
The hype is real the best pizza I've ever had in my city.Getting through to order your pizza might take a little bit of patience and persistence but after 55 times calling straight I'm happy!
This is the best pizza I've ever head, next to Square Pie. I'm not sure what they do with the crust, but it's amazing. I've had the Upside Down Jawn, which weighed about 10 lbs and recently Grandma's Pie and a customized pizza with Pepperoni and Sausage, which was so amazing. Thin crust, simple cheese with basil but so tasty and delicious! Make sure you get there early, they tend to sell out. I can't wait to try one of the sandwiches! Also, cash only so be prepared!
I was very excited to try this pizza!
Well, it was good,(ordered the plain cheese pizza)just not anything special. 
If I were blindfolded, I wouldn't have thought I was eating pizza that many have considered the best in Philly. 
Perhaps, it's in the top twenty. In the future, maybe I will try the Margarita pizza. 
Now you're saying, why the four stars if you didn't love the pizza?...
I also ordered a cheesesteak(provolone with fried onions)and was thrilled with that decision. It was amazing! One of the best I have ever had! It's on a seeded roll which is a nice touch. It had a ton of juicy meat. 
Soooo, three stars for the pizza. Five stars for the fabulous(have half for tomorrow)cheesesteak!
Best pizza and cheese steaks I've ever had, totally worth the wait. Staff is really cool they do their best to get everyone taken care of but the place is always busy cause of how good their food is, worth any wait there may be for sure
This place is all about the roll. The meat was pretty good, but that roll would make a Bar S hot dog from the Dollar Tree (Don't judge me. Been some tough times over the years), taste like a Hebrew National. Crusty and harder on the outside, yet soft and chewy on the inside. The sesames on top were just an added bonus. The meat was flavorful and cooked well. Not overcooked like so many places tend to do. When I went around 6pm they were sold out of pizza, which means, I definitely have to go back and try this pizza..... lol
If you don't roll with Danny, then you can suck me. Angelos is one of the best in the game and @pancakes.and.protein.shakes approved so that's gotta mean something. Disregard the negative reviews and if you want immediate updates follow their business page on insta
Pizza is so good, I cracked an egg on the leftovers and ate it for breakfast 3-days later and it was still amazing. 

Tomato Pie w/ Garlic & Basil
6th Man: Half Pepperoni / Half Sweet Peppers

So happy they moved into the city, and they are close to South Philly. They are super friendly. Sauce was fragrant, the whole drive home was a delight. Ratio's were all on point.
1st - I consider myself a professional pizza taste tester!!

2nd- if you don't go here then you are selling yourself short. I can't explain how good the pizza was today. This is hands down the best pizza in Philadelphia. We ordered a pepperoni pizza and a plain pizza and both came out a little well done with extra basil on it.......wow!!!! If heaven is making pizzas then 9th and fitzwater is the spot. Parking is the only bad thing about this place so I  recommend you bring someone with you to get out and get the food while you drive around the block. Enjoy my friends!!!!
Best Pizza in the city. Some of the best sandwiches in the city. 
Worth the wait, and worth calling until your phone dies. 

Yes you will have to call, call and call again. Get over it. If you dont like that, go to dominos instead of crying on yelp. 
If you dont like waiting in line, eat at home. 

Angelo's by 1000
Get sum
Loved the pizza here. It's a no BS kind of place. Cash only. The grandma pie was really great. The fresh basil was the perfect touch, and the pizza came out piping hot. It was a tad bit greasy for my liking, but overall the dough was sturdy and the sauce was perfectly balanced and not overly acidic. Would definitely return and try a sandwich next time!
This place had been pumped up majorly by my boyfriend as the best pizza place around, so I went in with high expectations.  We searched for a place to park for about 10 mins before he dropped me off to put order in.  The place was packed with people waiting: no chairs or tables inside.  I was about to place order and I realize it's cash only and I don't have enough cash on me, also they don't take phone orders.  So, I wait for my boyfriend to find a spot and come in to order.  We get a cheese & inside out pie, a brussel sandwich, and a sandwich with chicken cutlets and long hots.  It took about 35 mins to get the food.  We ended up eating half our sandwiches in the car.  To me the sandwiches stole the show.  I loved the brussel sprouts with the chicken cutlets and fresh parm, and the long hots one (I tried a bite, a little hot for me but very good).  Only complaint would be I wish the cutlets weren't pounded quite so thing.  Unfortunately, we didn't eat the pizza until we got back to the house, and it was good, but not all it was cracked up to be, to me anyway.  I think maybe eating it right away would've of course been better.  All in all I like this place, and would go here if I was already in the area, but not really for a special trip there.
Pretty disappointed there were no tables.  Took my wife and kid only to find out it's take out only.  It was packed and there was a line.  When I actually get to eat the pizza I'll update the review.  But for now I find it super annoying, hard to get to, no parking in the Italian market ever and they don't offer delivery.  

Pizza was pretty good but probably wouldn't go through the rigmarole to have it.  Wouldn't kick it out of bed though.
We can't let the appearance deceive us - the shop is smacked dab in the middle of other row homes & shops, and it is easy to walk passed it...unless they have the usual crowd of hungry patrons waiting to sink their teeth into a slice of pizza or Italian sandwich. Their goal isn't to have the curb appeal draw you in. They know once you try to the food, you won't forget where they are at. If you can snag a table to eat outside, you are lucky - plan to pick up and eat in the car or find a step to sit on (not really a place you can plan ahead to go and eat at.) Pre-covid, you have to just show up - no phone number, no ordering online. Now you can at least call ahead, but be prepared to call back multiple times because their phone is ringing off the hook. 

The shop itself is cool, tight quarters but tons of energy. They are a well oiled machine inside, and you can see, everyone who works there is passionate about what they do. 

The food is solid. We got the regular pie and the "Sunday Morning" Meatball sandwich. The pizza does have a distinct and delicious taste, well constructed, not too greasy... but I wouldn't travel far and wide to get it. Maybe the benefit of living in Philly, but there are plenty of pizza shops pushing out pies just as good. The meatball sandwich on the other hand was very memorable. Their broccoli rabe was fantastic, the saltiness and bitterness paired so well with the provolone and sweet flavor in the meatballs. All placed on a soft and warm roll - you can't beat it. 

We definitely want to go back & try the different pies and sandwiches. Their menu is pretty expansive and creative, a lot of their offerings look tasty on paper, so I have no doubt we will be visiting again.
Right off the bat: this place is cashless & doesn't have a bathroom-- why I dinged down one star. It's almost 2020 get outtta here

Secondly, wow I was not expecting the pizza to be so outstanding! Ordered the Upside Down Jahn and added mushrooms- if you are a mushroom lover, they definitely don't skimp on the added toppings. The pizza comes squared shaped and the crust a super fluffy and crunchy all at the same time. I normally don't eat the crust but this crust was next-level. Next time I would try adding pepperoni and tell them to hold the basil.  It's a giant pizza, can definitely feed 4 people easily. If you're looking a good pizza fix, packed with fresh flavor this is the spot in Philly!
Got the Tony Head. It was quite good. I'm not a cheese steak fan but, when in Philly..... the meat was tender and the cheese was melted throughout. The sandwich is HUGE. My bread was a little burnt on one side. Just ate around it lol
Totally lives up to all the other great reviews.  We were in town visiting family.  Day 1 tried their cheesesteak with Cooper cheddar and fried onions - so super good.  The roll was the perfect combo of soft, little bit of crunch and the perfect amount of chewy.  The steak, cheese and onions were perfect. 

Then day 2 on our way out of town tried their grandmas pizza with pepperoni - also awesome!  We got it fresh out of the oven but it'e even better after it sits for a while.  We're driving back to VA and I keep reaching into the backseat for another slice (no, I'm not driving).  The sauce is so good, but so is the crust and cheese, plus the fresh basil - mmmmm, mmmm!   Not sure when we'll be back in Philly again but when we do Angelo's will be our first stop for sure!
Re-updating to 1-star. I've probably visited this place 10 times and have only been able to get food three or four times because they've either been randomly closed or sold out of pizza. Poorly run business that I really don't even want to risk wasting the time in the future to patronize. Get your shit together.
I finally got to try Angelos's after getting countless recommendations from friends in the area as well as watching El Pres's review.

I ordered a cheese pizza and a cheesesteak with Cooper sharp cheese. 

The bread on both the pizza and the cheesteak were what was the difference maker for me. The cheesesteak was on a homemade sesame roll, and the pizza dough was the best I've ever had. Super crisp on the bottom but flavorful and bubbly in the crust. Great char. They definitely have a couple of variety of cheeses on the pizza, and for me this is what I would come back for (5/5). The cheeseteak didn't live up to the hype for me (4/5).

I had to call 80ish times to get through to someone, but it was during lunch time on a Saturday. While I was there one of the other customers told me he waits outside when he is about to order and calls when he sees one of the employees put the phone down to avoid the busy tone.
Literally amazing food. The pizza is insane, the sandwhich game is great. It's all money. 

I do have a couple critiques however and I hope they actually fix things. They have struggled with how to run their business smoothly during Covid. Some places just do it better than others. 

1. Lack of communication on how to pay. I ordered food via phone. Went on there website and it said to pay by Venmo which I did. I got there and they told me they only take cash. They refunded me the money later that night but that sort of thing has got to be fixed. 

2. Don't allow the father in law to do anything with taking customers. The day I went they had a separate line for the father in laws fuck ups. Literally named it the Faffi Special line. 

3. Get rid of the bouncer. This is something that really bothered me. This guys is standing outside and essentially being a dick to every customer. I told him I got a call that my order was ready and he angrily told me to get in line. Once I was then first in line he asked what my name was and last four of my phone number. I told him. He then relays the info to an expediter who gathers your food. I told him my info and he got it all wrong. I corrected him and he gave me attitude. 

This guy is the face of your business and represents you. He's not doing a very good job. I understand y'all are busy and times are weird, but these things need to be fixed or people will just find somewhere else to go.
Cheese steak was delicious. The fam enjoyed theirs too.
In the past, I got the cheese steak on the garlic roll and didn't care for that. But, I'm glad I tried again.
When I ordered, I was told twenty minutes. I got there about an hour later and waited another fifteen minutes. So, give yourself time. You can use those extra minutes looking for a parking spot! I mean, it is South Philly. 
I suggest having the passenger jump out, with cash, and just let the driver roam.
Only takes orders over the phone but you get a busy signal 100% of the time..? Called 200 times and didn't ring once. Probably not worth the wait or struggle. Will update review if you answer your phone
Quite an authentic pizzeria, but unfortunately with a broken mixer at the time of my visit. 

For a 32 minute wait to get 2 sandwich orders and fries, Cash Only, and the Hot interior with poor A/C and lack of sitting room, I'd give this establishment a 3/5.

Setting: My two friends and I came in with empty stomachs and great hopes for pizza. Plastered all along the walls there were signs of Broken Mixer, no pizza until further notice. Our hearts sank along with the beating hot sun. Unfortunately we were stuck ordering sandwiches, which the wait made quite disappointing. 

Ambience: Functioning like a well oiled machine, the two cashiers took order after order and people literally flooded in for a solid 20 minutes in a continuous fashion. 

Food: We waited for 32 minutes for our Karen and Philly Food Dude sandwiches, even though dozens of others had shorter waits. 
The Karen - prosciutto overlying lovely arugula, tomato and chicken. The bread was a little on the thick side for me, but overall it was quite refreshing and quite the hefty portion size.
The PFD - I felt had been a bit dry, I liked the sauce, but felt slightly disappointed.
The fries were like a classic skinny fry with a nice balance of salt and crisp.

Tips/Takeaways:
-I will have to return when the pizza does too, as per all the rave recommendations
-For the wait on a hot sunny day in a hot mostly take-out restaurant, I'm unsure how often I would re-attempt that again...
-Overall, I'd recommend a return every 8 months for a classic, hefty, sandwich.
I've been here once before and had the PFD sandwich.. it was fantastic.  The two stars comes from my visit tonight where I arrived at 6:30pm and they and they were out of bread for sandwiches. It's a pizza and sandwich place.. 75% of your menu is sandwiches.. and you don't close until 9pm .. oh and it's a long weekend.. it doesn't add up!  Fortunately for me.. I didn't have that trying of a time finding parking but it's impossible to park around that area for the most part.. so there's that.  However.. they don't have a phone so you can't call to get updates either.. communication is only vis their social media.. and at the time arrived.. there was nothing on their social media to state that they were only serving pizzas. So they get 2 stars for terrible customer service.  Honestly.. I don't see why more people aren't coming at their necks about this.  The owner really needs to address these issues.
Awesome Pizza and Delicious cheesesteaks! Staff are always polite and on top of their game, even when the crowds get big for ordering.
Amazing bread baked on site.  Great sandwiches.  Amazing pizza- esp the grandma pie.  
Worth the trip.
This pizza and sandwich joint is the truth. The taste is amazing and the pies were better than Italy,The cheesesteak on fresh garlic bread was totally a foodgasm
After trying Angelo's once I immediately thought to myself - why would i EVER bother eating any other pizza in Philly??

Their pepperoni upside down jawn is ridiculous with a crisp crust and a chewy smooth fluffy interior. The sauce is mild and the cheese is perfectly salty and gooey. Their pepperonis are out of this world (tiny thick ones). Each slice is super filling so I'm sure a large could feed a family!

After COVID they are accepting phone orders ONLY, they'll call you when the pizza is ready to pick up, and you can swing by and pay in cash. Cash only. 

Will be back soon. Silver lining of COVID: Angelos takes phone orders!!
FUCK, THAT'S DELICIOUS (the show was filming the day I went).

The title of the show perfectly describes the food here. Angelo's is takeout only, but don't let that fool you. They don't have a phone, so expect there to be a line. I went at an "off" time around 3pm on a Saturday (not typically lunchtime or dinner time), and it was packed. There is a counter along the front window and one wall in the front and a few tables outside, so you can eat in if there's room. The line moved quickly, and the wait wasn't too long (30 minutes for a thick specialty pizza and a sandwich). 

We ordered the Upside Down Jawn with pepperoni and mushrooms and a roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone, broccoli rabe, and roasted peppers. The pizza was incredible, and the sandwich was one of the best roast pork sandwiches I've had (at least at a takeout place).

The (specialty) pizza was thick and square. There was something about the sauce that just tasted better than other restaurants' sauces. Even the (imported) pepperoni was delicious. The crust is thick and crunchy. 

I can't wait to come back and try something else.
My son had tried this place once before and raved about it so I figured I'd give it a shot.  I looked it up and saw they only had take out and no phone number to preorder.  When we got there a sign was posted up front "cash only" as well but had about 10 people waiting for food on a Tuesday night, so it must be good...right?  I have tasted pizza from just about everywhere Philly, New York, Chicago and this pizza at Angelo's is in a league of it's own.  It was cooked perfectly, pepperoni was crispy and slightly burned on the edges, the crust was like a taste of heaven.  Get this pizza, it's a game changer!!!
My wife and I stopped here for a bite to eat while visiting. We were very impressed with it. The pizza was great. The reviews are mixed, although if you're chill and want great pizza, this is a solid option.
