Still so much love for Animo but, unfortunately, this location always - always - misses the mark. From forgotten salad dressings to guac with no chips to salads and burrito bowls that are missing ingredients. I love my go-tos from Animo but have basically had to accept that something is always going to be off when I place an order for pick up or delivery. I really hope their management is paying attention to reviews and does something to ensure better quality in the future.
Healthy and delicious at a reasonable price. That about covers it.  No need to bombard you with big words and witty analogies.

But listen, The Chicken and Guac Burrito was one of the best I've ever had.  And the Cin City smoothie is damn good.  

Animo is Spanish for Energy, and you will feel energized after eating here.  You feel lighter on the feet, not the wallet.

Check it out.
Yay Animo! When I heard my favorite healthy lunch spot in Jersey was opening in Philly, I was absolutely joyous. I LOVE this place. From fresh juice to salads, burritos, and chilly gorillas, you can rest easy knowing that everything is fresh and free of additives and other junk. I even find delicious things to eat at Animo when I'm doing detoxes. 

I stopped in the other day with intentions of ordering the burrito plato, which is one of my favorite things at their Haddonfield location. It's basically the ingredients of a burrito, but on a plate so there's less carbs involved. At the Philly location, they are instead offering burrito bowls, meaning you can order any of the customized burritos in a bowl. It took me a minute to find the one that most resembles the burrito plato I know and love, but the cashier was super sweet and didn't give me a hard time for not knowing exactly what I wanted the second I got to the register. My burrito bowl was delicious and kept me going until dinner. 

If only Animo had been where it is back when I used to work across the street. Still, I don't mind trekking across the city if it means I get some Animo. Oh, and one more thing: never forget the hot sauce. It's the best tasting hot sauce ever.
This place is amazing!  I had a banana custard (think yonana) with peanut butter today and a small kale and quinoa burrito - both were FABULOUS!  I went at 2pm and I was in and out within 5 minutes.  The line can be long at lunch time but its probably because the place just opened. 

My food was fresh, tasty, healthy and they even gave garden of Eden organic chips on the side - nice touch - bc w all the gmo corn out there - it's great to eat something I already know is organic and gmo free.  

The vegan menu options, which are plentiful, are clearly labeled plus  the menu is easy to read. You can omit cheese and substitute veggies and create any vegan burrito you are looking for. though, after the quinoa kale burrito i dont see a reason to order anything else.  They use eco friendly packaging for take away and have very cute bowls and plates for dining in.  

Note: The burritos come in two sizes, small and large, I had the small and thought it was sufficiently sized. The pico is GREAT - add it on you wont regret it. 
Vegans:  The banana custard is vegan (its just frozen bananas) the chocolate sauce is vegan as well.  


I can pretty much imagine eating lunch here every day.
So glad that Animo is still around and still delicious and a good source for a healthy meal.  The green Lemonade is still my fave - and I tried a Brisket and eggs breakfast bowl - made with love by Darnell (Yay Darnell!) that rocked my day!

Love it here and I keep coming back.

Even my vegan teen can find good choices here.  (They are not a vegan restaurant and serve cheese, eggs and meats).
OK.  I'm a convert now.
I come in 3-4 times per week (ouch - my wallet!) for green lemonaid - light on the apple, heavy on the greens.

Every now and then I get a petito beans & greens burrito which is way too much for breakfast and I am full until lunch or beyond.

The lady in the AM is so nice to me.

I am much more into this place at breakfast when there is no line.
Wish you could get lunch items at breakfast (I'd get a chicken burrito and take it to the office and eat it at lunch!)

Loving it here now for sure!

P.S.  Please put a hook in the ladies room to hang your purse on.
P.P.S.  Please consider posting a big, easy to read, professionally printed menu board up above to hlp the ordering process and lunch line speed.
Healthy AND delicious food is rare combo but Amino does it well! I ordered the kale and quinoa burrito bowel and added chicken ($). It was a tasty burrito bowl, but it honestly tasted more like a salad than a burrito. But the real winner is the banana whip - frozen banana churned into ice cream. So simple but so good and even better with toppings!
This place is like and organic, gluten free, vegan, vegetarian, all around healthy version of Taco Bell haha! More expensive but can't complain because it tasted great! Haven't tried the juices yet so I'll update later but they have a lot of different kinds of green juices. I will go back for sure!
Was traveling from out of town and got breakfast here a few times. I really loved the pitaya (dragon fruit) bowl -- it was incredibly refreshing and the fresh fruit on top was delicious! I also tried a small steak and egg burrito and thought it was great for the value. Only small nit was that I had to wait awhile to get my order (despite ordering ahead online) because the two employees had a lot of orders to make. But overall, would definitely recommend as a quick, affordable, and yummy breakfast spot!
I've been traveling to Philly for work recently and discovered Amino Juice when looking for a healthy dinner.  I don't really ever expect much when it comes to "healthy" food, but this place blows it out of the water.

I've been here 3 times so far and picked up dinner as well as lunch for the next day.  The customer service here has always been superb, especially tonight when I was the last customer to walk into the restaurant.  The team here made sure to serve me everything I wanted even though some of the equipment had already been taken apart and they were halfway done closing.  The manager even took a juice shot with me!

The fresh juices here are superb and relatively well-priced.  My go-to is the Lean Green Joe - it has all kinds of greens with lemon, lime, and some apple.  One of their lower sugar juices but still tastes amazing and is actually still pretty sweet.  

My usual order here is a small soup and an "apartment size" as they call it salad - they offer a smaller size salad as well as their regular size salads.  The soups I've had are cauliflower soup and asparagus soup and both of them have been thick and hearty and delicious.  My usual salad is The Green Quinoa - kale, quinoa, sliced almonds, tomatoes, served with lemon basil vinaigrette.  The dressing is awesome and the kale isn't rough like some other places.  I always add some of their juicy grilled chicken as well.

I've also tried their frozen banana custard which is basically frozen banana soft serve with nothing added with optional toppings at a cost.  It's huge and a pretty healthy dessert after dinner.  After a large juice, a small soup, an apartment size salad and half of this, I had the most massive food baby ever.

For breakfast, I've tried their acai bowls - a little more melty than I would have liked, but still a solid acai bowl with lots of fruits on top.

Will continue visiting Amino Juice as my go-to spot during my tenure in Philadelphia.
"Mexican" is a far, far reach. I was just loading the itty bitty $8 burrito bowl with salt as an attempt to add some flavor, but it was still so bland. Atmosphere was nice, and service was friendly.
Place is overpriced for sure as my burrito was roughly $10 without a single addition.  It isn't bad at all... but it isn't good either.  I would honestly say Chipotle tastes as fresh and is substantially larger while still managing to be cheaper.  Hey if you like that type of thing and feel good it says organic go for it. 

It isn't bad.
Lots of people drink coffee everyday. Lots of people have their favorite coffee shop that they stop by every morning to get that much needed morning fix. Well, that's never been me. Caffeine and coffee never made it into my regular diet. 

Since I stopped traveling for work, I've been looking for ways to live a healthier life, and I found that smoothies/juices really hit the spot. Enter Animo - just behind my place of work now that I get to live and work in one city. I love what they stand for and heir story, and their smoothies get my morning started Monday-Friday. 

What do I order, might you ask? Almost always the Peruvian Thunder - a chocolate/peanut butter/banana protein smoothie that has maca powder and I always add super greens powder for good measure. You have a choice of almond, skim, or soy milk - I choose almond. 

The burritos are yummy too - my favorites are the hummus and chicken and the chicken and guacamole. Get them.

Now, as much as I love Animo, there are some thing that must be said. First, the lunch rush is insane. Be ready to spend ~20 minutes if the line is really long (that includes the wait for your food once you've ordered). If I'm having lunch there I try to avoid 12-1:30. Unfortunately the wait during peak times isn't the most concerning thing.

Consistency. My Peruvian Thunder tastes drastically different depending on who makes it, how busy it is, and what size I order (going with regular has always been better than large). This is something the managers are going to have to fix in order to keep customers happy. Good news there is that I've seen the managers there every day and there have been occasions where I've seen them work with the baristas (I think you can call them that?) as my smoothie is being made to make sure the right proportions are being used. When done right, the drink is a smooth blend of the three key ingredients. Some mornings it'll be a peanut butter smoothie, others a banana smoothie, and my least favorite is when it's diluted with too much almond milk.

That's the end of my rant there. It's a first world problem, I think I'll make it.

The conclusion: if you live or work in the vicinity and like to eat fresh, organic ingredients, Animo is a can't miss. I'll be there Monday for my daily fix.
I really really like this place.  Food is good healthy and fresh.  BUT call the department of health!   The food prep people have long hair and don't cover it.  So I'm waiting for a hair in my burrito one of these days.  Hence three stars.
I work near this place and although it's situated next to a Wawa, I generally chose the latter.  Today, I finally walked the extra few steps to Amino for an afternoon snack.  I was surprised to see that they offer protein blends (aka protein shakes).  I am a huge fan of protein, especially in shake form, so my eye was clearly caught when I saw their chocolate protein concoctions.  I settled on the Omega, a blend of chocolate milk, avocado, flax seed, cayenne and chocolate protein powder.  

It was super tasty and had quite the kick to it (next time, I will probably skip the cayenne).  The prices at Amino are reasonable at just over 5 bucks for a small smoothie (and the "small" is decent-sized too!).  I will definitely be back here to try their other menu items!
I'm so excited that there is a great burrito place near my work that is NOT a friggin' chipotle! 

They make the food fresh, right in front of you. I purchased the Peaches in Paradise blended fruit drink which was amazing..and to eat I had The Fajita burrito. yum! My total came out to be 17.00 A tad on the pricey side.. but it's well worth it considering it's all made completely fresh. 

Also, the decor is adorable.
A polite man opened the door for me as I entered, not an employee, but another customer. I'm a fan of being around that sort of politeness, as I also like to open doors for people.  

 I ordered a beet juice, which was very good. I did not order any food, so I cannot review on that, but I do wish that Animo would open another location in the 19125 zip code of Philadelphia.  There is a great need for juice bars in my neighborhood, and I am not the only one who thinks so.

As I was walking out, another gentleman held the door open for me. Seems to be a nice crowd there, but really, more people need to open door for each other in general.
This is a fun, fresh real food spot that I'm happy to say I work near.  I've stopped in multiple times, both for breakfast and lunch and I'm down with what they're serving up.

Check your GMO and non-organic ish at the door, you won't find it here.  Animo prides itself on the use of organic, real food to make portable tasty items for those on the go.  Burritos?  Yeah they got them in multiple varieties including meat, vegetarian and vegan.  Soups and salads, yeah, those are no problem either and finally, if you need a smoothie, they have vitamixes running 24/7.

For breakfast, I've had the gimme a beet which comes out in a vibrant red and tastes really light and tangy.  It's a recipe I've tried to make a few times at home but somehow, they best me on it.

For burritos, I dig all of them but I keep going to back to Haight and Ashbury.  It's got everything you need for an indulgent meal and those blue corn chips definitely win me over.

It's certainly not the cheapest spot around but I'll pay for quality ingredients.  Now it's just a matter of getting there early enough to beat the line which most days is significant.
This is my new favorite lunch spot in the City Hall area.  Healthy, spacious (some customers were so smitten they nestled in to work on their laptops, post-prandial) Customize anything, no problem.  Fantastic selection of salsas and condiments, offering spices to please every palate.

My favorite is the border salad, complete with luscious guac and huge chunks of diced chicken (see my pic).  Only a few bucks more than Chipotle, and so worth it.  The staff is super friendly, adding to this place's positive vibe.  Large corner windows provide a pleasant view for people watching while you enjoy your meal.  

Only open on weekdays, so plan accordingly.
This place is refreshingly new and the food is pretty good. 

Unfortunately the food staff doesn't wear hair nets, even the manager who was making food had her long brown hair down (not even in a pony tail), and other cooks can be seen chomping away on gum while making your food. Maybe it's just me but It's pretty disgusting. Today I found a hair in my burrito, they were nice and gave me cash for the burrito and a burrito on the house but I don't think I'll be back until they get hair nets (I'd settle for a pony tail). 

Disappointing the food is quiet good.
Alright, where has this place been hiding all of my life?!

Wandered into here about 5 minutes before they were closing, but they didn't seem to have any problem with letting me order. I had the Chicken and Guac Burrito (with hot salsa and jalepenos) and MY OH MY how amazing was it you ask? It was EVERYTHING. I really can't put in words how good this meal was and how I was craving it everyday for the next two weeks following this meal.

At the cashier's suggestion, I also got the paradise smoothie. I forget what was in it - there was definitely mango - but it was DELICIOUS. Who would have thought burrito and smoothie would make the perfect combination?!

Everything tasted so fresh, flavorful, and was clearly made with a lot of love. I don't know if I was famished that day, but there was something about that meal that made it phenomenal. I plan to go back here often. Do yourself a favor and check this place out.
This place could be absolutely dangerous if I lived or worked nearby because I would probably visit them all the time.  When I used to take the train to Haddonfield once a week, I would always stop in that location and treat myself to one of their juices or smoothies.  They're kind of pricey, but the ingredients are top-notch, so I can at least kind of understand.  Last week was my first time trying their food and I was blown away by their chicken and guacamole burrito.  The portion (plus the homemade chips that come with your meal) was just the right amount for me, although the woman next to us had ordered some kind of salad and the bowl it was the size of my head.  If you're trying lunch, get here around 1130 if you can because they will explode at noon and you'll get stuck waiting!
Clean, friendly, and efficient even during a busy lunch rush that had the place packed. The carrot ginger soup hit the spot and the Spa Treatment juice was nice and refreshing. Had a bite of my bf's chicken quinoa burrito -juicy and flavorful. YUM!
I am shocked that I have never written a review for this place as I am here at least 3 times a week for lunch or breakfast. The food is consistently fresh and delicious. The staff is just as amazing as the food. So friendly and they always do their best to get your order up quickly. I'm always looking for healthy organic alternatives and this place is dedicated to providing grass fed beef, free range chicken and local organic produce. Proud to support them. Wish there were more locations around the city. My favorites are the border salad with beef, chicken and guacamole burrito and I love love love their MD smoothie minus the Bannana and kiwi to keep the sugar content low. Healthy delicious food!!!
I stopped in here to grab lunch quickly while feeling on a health kick. The menu is quite large, so I was glad that I took a look online and made my decision before coming in.

One thing to definitely know - they have two burrito sizes! For someone like me who thinks Chipotle-sized burritos can be a bit much (some days), it's nice to have the "petito" option at Animo.

I loved the chicken and guacamole "petito" and carrot/ ginger soup that I took away for lunch. They were both very flavorful. The petito had a nice vinaigrette that gave a slight tang and kick to what would have otherwise been a boring chicken and veggie wrap.
Well I didn't get a juice while I was here, just a couple of burritos when I had lunch with the wife recently. First off, it wasn't too crowded and it was close to the office which I appreciated. We both ordered burritos and they were both pretty good. They had a bunch of healthy type of beverages to choose from which do not necessarily taste good, but you feel a bit better making a better choice. 

The wife got the chicken and guacamole burrito which I tried and like it, while I built my own burrito and was actually pretty similar to hers except that I added the fajita style vegetables and it was pretty good - very similar to Chipotle tasting. I ordered my rice and beans on the side and while delayed were actually pretty tasty and a nice size portion.

The seating was uncomfortable and sparse. I would get the stuff to go if I were to return; but here's why I won't:

They have a business practice where they round up the cost of your bill. They are not upfront about this. This is totally shady. I noticed this when looking at the receipt, and a confrontation with the cashier was unapologetic, describing that the rounding up is their policy. I wasn't demanding my twenty cents back, it's not about the change as much as it's an unfair business practice. I saw Office Space last night and it reminded me of this place, because of the penny shaving. As I looked around the busy restaurant, I thought twenty cents off of that person, 20 cents off of this person. That must add up. They could ask you if you want to keep it or ask if you wanted to donate it to a nice charity but they don't do any of that.
I have been waiting for a great healthy spot to open up near by work! I was so happy to stumble upon Animo one day! It's so hard to find a good salad in philly-not to mention a burrito that isn't dripping in oil. Animo has fresh and organic ingredients that are reasonably priced. I also love that you can get a small burrito size! 

The burritos are great and so are the juices and smoothies! I love everything!
My faves are: 
Haight and asbury & kale and quinoa burritos
Gimme a Beet juice
Chilly Palmer smoothie

I just wish the line wasn't so long but it's definitely worth the wait.
This place was great!  I got the Kale and Quinoa burrito and the Ginger Snap juice blend.  Everything was delicious and promptly served.  Definitely going back!
The food was good. A little on the expensive side for the portions. I was mostly disappointed that they gave me 3 single chips with my burrito bowl, I wish I was exaggerating. If you are going to advertise that the bowl is served with chips, at least put a servings worth in it. Other then that the service was great and everyone was friendly!
My paradise juice and kale and quinoa burrito were phenomenal! You have got to try the chipotle salsa. Great music and friendly staff. I will be back for sure!
My favorite place to get a smoothie in the Logan Square area! Animo is so fresh and delicious. If I am ever feeling like I'm getting sick, I will hop on over to Animo and grab an MD.  If I'm hungover I'll go grab a shot of ginger and if I need an energy boost I'll go for a wheat grass shot.  Their healthy options are endless and do not stop with smoothies and juices.  They also serve a wide array of burritos, salads, and bowls.  All striped of additives and preservatives, so it doesn't make you feel overly full and bloated after indulging like Chipotle or other similar spots.

My only thing is that it's not cheap, which is why I can't come everyday.  This is more of a treat for me once in a while. 

The atmosphere is pretty, hip, and trendy and the staff is always friendly, helpful, and accommodating.  No other smoothie spots compare! Highly recommend.

Also the frozen banana!!! A+
Check your order ...nice spot & people are nice but they were messing up the orders.   My order - chicken & guac burrito - was fine & very good.
I used to live and work a block from Animo and popped in multiple times during the week when Animo first opened.  I could not rave about the freshness and quality of the food and the professionalism of the staff.  Well, my experience last night when my lunch order was wrong demonstrated that Animo's customer service is now abysmal if not nonexistent.  

Yesterday at lunch time I ordered the Border salad that comes with guacamole and the employee neglected to put it on the salad.  For $11.38 I expect to get everything that is supposed to be in the salad.  Once it became clear that the employee neglected to put the guacamole in I closed the salad and decided I would pop in on my way home and address the issue.  No biggie.

Well, I walked in after work and there were no customers in the restaurant at all.  I walked to the counter.  Nobody is there.  A woman working behind one of the food work stations eventually walked over and I explained what happened with my salad.  I showed her my receipt and politely asked to have a FRESH salad made up with the guacamole.  She then began to make up excuses as to why the employee messed up my order.  Ummm...okay.  

She then proceeds to just add guacamole to the salad I brought in.  She brings it to me and I reiterate that I want a fresh salad.  At this point the employee working the front counter has made her way over.  The young woman who brought over the salad just looks at her.  The other employee says, "We normally don't do that."  That was all I needed to hear.  I then told them I just wanted my refund.  The woman that had thrown the guacamole in the salad begins to suck her teeth and talk under her breath as if she is a sullen child. Really?!?

The apathetic and indifferent behavior of these two employees spoke volumes.  They do not care.  There are too many other healthy options in Center City now.  I advise you if you are reading this to take your money elsewhere.  The customer service has dropped to a level that shook me to my core.  Very sad considering the high level of service Animo used to provide.  Moreover, after considering the Border Salad is half of the size what it used to be at the same price I think I was better off just getting the refund.  As a long time customer, the changes to the menu have not gone unnoticed (think: no more Peruvian Thunder).
I came here for breakfast looking for something hearty and healthy! I got it for sure in the form of a fresh vegetable juice with fruits and an egg spinach and pico de gallo burrito. I must admit the juice was extraodinary! I was expecting a bitter vegetable juice considering they put a lot of kale in it but I was pleasantly surprised as the juice had vegetable tones but tasted like a fruit juice without the feeling of consuming entirely too much sugar (Which I probably was). The burrito was tasty but not something I'll remember, it was simple and filled my belly. I mean how hard is it to screw up eggs pico de gallo and spinach? I could probably make the burrito at home so I won't be coming back here for burritos, however I do crave fresh juice from time to time so I'll definitely be back for some juice!
You really can't go wrong with Amino.  I love that there's a healthy lunch option amid so many unhealthy options in this area.

The burritos are decently portioned and although I'm a protein junkie, I have a love affair with the kale and quinoa burrito.  The salads are amazing, especially the mexican style one.  

I find myself coming here a few times a week in the morning hours for a protein smoothie - the white lightening is super tasty, as are all the fresh-pressed juices.

Give Amino a shot instead of waiting in line at Wawa next store - you won't be sorry.
This past Saturday my husband and I took the baby out to enjoy the beautiful weather... As a new mom, it takes a while to get bags packed, baby fed and out of the house. So many times we are all set to go, only to realize that I've totally forgotten to feed myself.  Of course, this happened on Saturday, and I needed something that didnt require any work to eat and would hold me over for a few hours... I went to yelp, and realized we weren't far from Animo (a place that I've been meaning to try for some time now).  

I wanted something with Protein, so opted for the white lightening, although I ordinarily wouldn't go for a shake with peanut butter.  I'm so glad I did, b/c this was truly delicious ... so delicious that my husband (who usually turns his nose up at drinkable meals) had a sip and even came back for a 2nd / 3rd sip!

I'm totally a fan, and only wish I was on that side of the city more often, to justify more frequent visits!!
We just happened in during a business day trip to Philly recently and we were WAY overdue for lunch.  The chicken burrito with hummus I ordered was tasty.  But the real star of the show here is the frozen banana custard, which isn't custard at all (as I understand it) but basically frozen banana puree which comes out like a creamy banana ice cream.  It blew me a way.  I got some peanut butter on top and it was freakin' fantastic.
5 stars for the kale quinoa burrito bowl.  
5 for the ginger lemon cayenne shot. 

0 stars for plastic utensils.  metal used to be the norm.  kinda bummed about that. 

update 2016 07 19:
I still love it here. feels like home
Love this place!! If your into fresh juices you will love it too. 
I managed to pay them a visit 4 times during my visit in Philly. Below are my picks in order of my favorites so far:
1. Pipe Cleaner
2. MD
3. Paradise
4. Spa treatment

All were very tasty and worth every penny. Too bad they were not open on my last day here  (Saturday)

The serve was average nothing above and beyond.
I had the fajita burrito: it was blandest burrito I've ever had... The beans were bland, the "hot" sauce had no flavor or heat, the rice just took up real estate, and the only thing I could taste was an occasional pepper.  Of course they forgot the guac, which my take-out buddy said was the best part :(.

I can't speak to the juice, but Mexican Post is better,faster, and more reasonably priced if you want a burrito.
Wavered between a 3 and a 4 star. The food was pretty good. I came on a weekend morning to grab some food and do some work. They have free wifi and a couple of outlets. The staff were friendly, especially early on a weekend. 

I got the Papayay bowl with an addition of spirulina and protein. The bowl looks small but it's definitely a lot of food! The bowl tasted good, but not amazing. There also weren't bananas on my bowl as advertised on the menu. Also, spirulina usually has a pretty strong taste, but I couldn't taste it at all in my bowl. Either they didn't add very much or forgot it? Since it's all blended, you can't really tell. Overall, it was a little disappointing but not bad tasting. I might go again and try something else, but only if I'm in the area or feeling particular about the food there.
Came here early today for a Lean Green kale and ginger and etc etc very nice juice smoothie.

That and the people working there caused me to know I was coming back for a healthy light gluten free plant based dinner. 

I got the quinoa kale bean with peppers a gluten free wrap.   A few corn chips and some spicy salsa and two local made Honey Chamomile and Asian pear Ginger Kombucha....  we got the anti oxidants, healthy foods and flavor galore all covered for under 750 calories.  Nice!!
I am obsessed with their frozen banana - it's like banana ice cream without all that fat and sugar! Top it off with peanut butter and I'm feelin good. Lots of great, healthy options on the menu, but this is my personal favorite!
There are soooo many choices. And ya'll know sometimes that's annoying. But it's ok. Forget the name of what I got but it was the smoothie not juice option with carrots, cantaloupe, etc. They have juices & smoothies and some simple (banana, strawberry) and some more adventurous. Also split a large kale & quinoa burrito. Wasn't amazing, but not bad either, had a nice spicy kick. On the small side, so if you're hungry, even the drink/burrito might leave you wanting more. The mission burritos reminding my original stomping grounds in San Fran *heartheart* 

Juices & Smoothies - $5-6 
Burrito Large - $8 
{on the pricier side, as all specialty healthy places are, but definitely a try!} 

Our cashier was SO nice. She kept smiling :)
Good place for a quick lunch. I worked nearby and so due to convenience went several times. Service usually left much to be desired. Menu could use some refreshing. But overall reasonably priced and moderately tasty. Juices were great.
Animo has quickly become one of my new favorite places to eat. I love the concept: a burrito bar AND a juice bar. It's heaven. They have a broad selection of healthy snacks  as well which I can appreciate. Even their juice/smoothie selection is incredible.

I normally get the kale and quinoa burrito. I don't have the words to describe how delicious this burrito is. In addition to the kale and quinoa, it boasts pinto beans and guacamole- an atypical but phenomenal combination. Every juice or smoothie I have ever tried has been impeccable. 

Since discovering it in May, I have been back to Animo over ten times and even dragged my friends there. I have absolutely no complaints.
Food is delicious and ingredients are always fresh but the staff, while friendly, could be much more attentive. They gave me the wrong order two days in a row, both times I realized this after getting home. The first day, I was supposed to receive two burrito bowls, one chicken and one steak but they gave us two pork burrito bowls. 

The next day, my girlfriend ordered two chicken burrito bowls and they ended up giving us two salads with chicken on top. 

Like I said, the food is delicious but that doesnt help when you're craving your own order. 

Also, a minor grip is that their hours listed are different from their actual hours of operation.  Locking the door 22 minutes earlier than your 8pm closing time is unacceptable.
I had the Just Gimme a Beet juice and it's very good. Also tried a breakfast burrito which really tasted bland. I mean I guess it is a healthy place so maybe it's suppose to taste bland-fully healthy. The acai bowls are made different depending on which person is making it. But its good nevertheless. They are also very slow...i swear it takes them 5 mins to chop up 3 strawberries.
So I've been to Animo twice....in 2 days haha I had been meaning to try it and finally got around to it, so this is based on lunch!

Good to know they're open early for breakfast (smoothie bowls look AMAZING though I have yet to try) I got a juice, the green apple lemonade which was so good I got it the next day too.

For lunch I tried one of the pre-made special burritos the first day, petito size, with chicken and avocado. It was pretty good, but I'd say it was more of a wrap than a burrito - the wrap is whole wheat and stiff, not thin and soft like your typical burrito shell. It was eh, I wouldn't get it again. 

So day 2 I ordered a build your own burrito (petito size). That was definitely much more up my ally! Good portion size, and by this I mean small but perfect for lunch. No bang for your buck here in terms of size, but it's so fresh and delicious you know where your money is going. Kind of a flatter flavor than, say, chipotle but it's a whole different experience too. All fresh and plain. Guac amount was pretty skimpy but once again, this isn't chipotle. You're trading some things for others here which isn't a bad thing.

Overall I'm crazy about this concept and will definitely be back for the juice and to try one of those bangin-looking smoothie bowls. See you soon!
Healthy mexican-style fare? Near our neighborhood? Unheard of, but apparently true! The trainers at Unite Fitness informed me of Animo Juice and how much they loved it, so when we wanted to catch a quick, inexpensive meal with two of our friends, I suggested Animo as an option and they jumped at it.

If we didn't know where it was located, we probably would've missed it since the signage isn't great and the building's architectural exterior does not suggest any retail type business inside. Once you step through those doors, its a very different environment, and not the typical fast food/quick eats interior design, lots of dark wood so it doesn't feel 'cheap.' You order at the counter, take a number to a table, and then they bring your food once its ready. 

The menu is large enough to satisfy anyone, vegetarian and carnivore alike, and it all looks darn healthy, too! Since we came for our mexican cravings, we got burritos - mexican, quick chicken, and haight & ashbury, which come with blue corn tortilla chips. Our friends went the extra mile and also tried two of their blends, the original and the coast to coast. Both said that they were delicious. The burritos were really tasty, with fresh ingredients and both the chicken and pork were juicy. Instead of a juice or smoothie, I decided to get one of their banana frozen yogurts so that our friends could have a taste. If you like bananas, then you'll love this healthier version of frozen yogurt, which we had topped with their all natural peanut butter, which is seriously better than your regular JIF/Skippy shiz. Mmmmm, Elvis would be in heaven. And prices aren't bad for what you're getting. We'll definitely be back now that we have a healthy, inexpensive mexican option nearby!
Acai bowl = 4 stars (The bow came with more than the usual amount, and type, of toppings than acai bowls elsewhere...like pineapple and kiwi...plus I love when blueberries are tiny like compote blueberries. There are only two acai places that I know of that carry the tiny blueberries, and this us one of them.)
Steak fajita bowl over lettuce:

The steak was more of a shredded beef than the sliced steak I was expecting, but it was tender and Animo even took the time to brown the meat to get it charred. The tomatillo sauce worked well mixed with the meat. I really enjoyed the roasted veggies, which included portobello mushrooms, onions, and tomatoes. The beans, rice, and guac were all well seasoned. There were only a few strands of cheese spread over the bowl, so my only complaint would have been more cheese. A side of blue corn tortilla chips was included.
For this combo, the small size was $7.50.  This was a lot of food, there is no way you could fit this inside a burrito, so I definitely suggest choosing the bowl option over the burrito. If I were to go back, I would make two adjustments. My friend's pork bowl was even better than the steak, I would make that swap. Secondly, I the lettuce under these particular toppings was a bit weird, I would instead be a little less healthy and go for the option of a tortilla chip base.
nw corner 17th & arch st. 

juices and burritos:  what a great combo! 

there was a long line for lunch that got longer after i sat down to eat.  not too many tables inside so i was wary i would get one.  there were a few outside on arch.  there are menus strategically placed on a decorative bicycle and i was able to peruse them as i waited in line.

eat in and they bring you your food at your table. take out and they bring you your takeout. 

gluten free, vegetarian and vegan options.  

kale & quinoa burrito on lettuce:  on lettuce meant it came in an ikea bowl.  i decided not to get the wrap and avoid the carbs.  otherwise, this would have made a burrito about the size of a football.  it was so simple and so tasty.  i know i could make this at home in 15 minutes but dang it was good.  i contemplated licking the bottom of the bowl.  the green tomatillo was just hot enough.

salty blue corn chips served with the meal helped scoop the bottom of the bowl.

juice bar - ginger snap:  tart and tasty brought quickly. 

self serve napkins and utensils, lemon lime water and glasses.

i say yay!  

i want to franchise this in my town.
Hyped to have finally been able to get to an Animo Juice. Luckily, this location is right by my husbands office so we grabbed a quick lunch here today. 

We both ordered the Border Salad and it was perfection. So fresh and delicious. A very generous amount of guacamole on top too which blended perfectly with the dressing. I can't stress enough how great this salad was. A bit pricey, but I will definitely be back.

There juices look awesome too. I especially had my eye on the Coast to Coast and Spa Treatment!
I don't know when this place opened or if it's new, but when I went in this morning it looked like it was still under construction. 

I ordered the Acai bowl to go and ended up paying more than advertised on their site (the site says $7.25 but it was really $8.25). I don't know if it's my fault for not understanding or this is how an Acai bowl really is, but it was just a smoothie topped with fruit and granola. It was extremely watery and I could have consumed it through a straw. I was not impressed with the amount of fruit or granola, either. For $8.25 I expected a bit more and for it to be like a chia pudding thicker consistency. I definitely won't be back.
I work close so this is a go-to lunch spot for me. The salads are great! I had a bad experience with their burritos so I have stuck to the border salad and have not been disappointed since. The frozen banana is the best thing ever. Be prepared for lunch rush hour from 12 to 1 pm during the week. It gets a little crazy in there. Aside from that, they are usually quick to get orders out.
This Animo location has become increasingly inconsistent in the past few months. I will probably only come here as a last resort. 

The juices and smoothies are always good, ingredients for the food is fresh, but the service is extremely inconsistent; when it's good it is great, but when service is lacking, it is pretty bad. They have gotten my food order wrong twice in the last two months, and wait times to get 2 burrito bowls has varied from 10 minutes to 20+ minutes despite going at off peak times with no line. 

When I ordered a burrito bowl I got a salad. When I ordered 1 chicken and 1 beef burrito I got 2 pork burritos.  Yes, they will happily fix your order but keep in mind this will take additional time that was originally unanticipated. 

I'm not sure which posted store hours are correct, but I tried to going around 6:35pm on a weekday and their doors were locked.
I'm kicking myself for not trying Animo sooner since I work so close! All my lunch prayers have been answered! 

My first time was everything I had hoped it would be. I got a fajita style chicken burrito bowl w guac, sour cream, lettuce and tomato; along with a cin city smoothie. 

It was so good that I wanted to inhale it all immediately, so filling that it took away the sting of the semi-high price tag, and it reassured me that I could pretty much order anything off the menu and not feel guilty about it. I will for sure be back, and extra props to Animo for the sweet potato chips that was just the icing on the cake of this dream lunch.
Not a bad place for lunch but the cost v. quality/quantity of the food you get leaves a bit to be desired.
Fantastic place! I was in Philadelphia vacationing for 3 days, and came here for 2 lunches, 2 breakfasts, and 1 dinner. Tons of great gluten free options. Their breakfast burritos on gluten free tortillas were outstanding! All free-range eggs, all organic ingredients, all freshly made, and you can taste it in the food.  I also tried a kale salad that was huge, very filling, and delicious, and a tortilla-less burrito. The chicken was incredible, I don't know how they got it that soft with that much flavor in it. I had some of the fresh juices and a shot of wheatgrass with a side of pineapple chunk! So good! I wish this place was closer to where I lived - I'd go daily! :)
I absolutely love the Haddonfield, NJ location of Animo and was looking forward to this location opening for the longest time.  While I am still excited, I have been let down on a few occasions which has made me less eager about making the long walk across the city for Animo... I hope things improve and that the Philly crowd really enjoys this spot bc they have a great and rare thing to offer in their healthy and tasty menu options.  

Criticisms: 1) Price is even higher than Haddonfield, 2) I havent been there yet without some error in my order whether it be wrong ingredients in my burrito or something missing from my order...very frustrating, 3) Staff is friendly but clearly not well acquainted yet with the menu which may account for the errors, so hopefully this is just a matter of time, 4) Some favorite items from Haddonfield are different on this menu with different ingredients... why change something that works!
Much better than a Chipotle or Qdoba -- definitely feels healthier. Lots of options for Burritos and burrito bowls. They even have gluten-free wraps. And the smoothies here are awesome. Burritos come with chips on the side --- dont forget to grab some of their homemade orange hot sauce. Definitely try this place over Chipotle.
I just moved to Philly from Los Angeles and this was the best piece of home I could ever ask for! Healthy and delicious juices, smoothies, bowls, breakfast, EVERYTHING. So so excited for this place!
Customer service is lacking. The girls working their were giggling about messing up someone's name and making jokes about- a little unprofessional. Other then the food is ok..juices are pretty good. Most of the juice seems to be pre made too...
I work very close to Animo and absolutely love acai bowls. On my first trip to animo I was so impressed my acai bowl was the best I've ever had. I thought I'd be going there 2 to 3 times a week. My second trip I had half a frozen banana in the bowl. I thought I should give them another chance and today I received 2 MASSIVE chunks of frozen acai in the bowl. I wasted $8.50 more than half of my bowl consisted of the frozen chunks! I even took a picture of one! The bowls are very small and I was very disappointed. I guess I will need to find a new place to get acai bowls in philly. IMG_2601.JPG (hopefully people can click the pic and see the chunk if not I'll have to find a new way to attach it)
Food is good and fresh. Portions are small. A veggie and humus burrito in a bowl is nothing but a spinach salad with a spoonful of humus. How can you have a burrito without rice and beans? And for $8.90, it was very small and I am still hungry.
I've been in the middle of moving so I have had no food in my fridge for the past could of days. Animo was a great find for healthy food that will keep my energy up when I have to carry boxes up and down stairs after work.  I actually went two days in a row because of how great I felt yesterday. Their smoothies are my favorite. Today I got the Nirvana which turned out to be very orange, but did not taste just like carrots. The cantaloupe, banana and mango gave it a refreshingly sweet taste. I also got the fajita burrito on a bed of salad.  It comes with beans, rice, and delicious roasted vegetables and possibly mushrooms. My friend and I got them together and thought there might have been mushrooms in there. Either way, it was really good!  I ordered the smaller size and there was WAY more than enough. I would recommend ordering the smaller size if you get a burrito and splurge on a juice or smoothie! So good! It did come out to $15 though. So come prepared to spend on healthy and fresh ingredients.
I never really go this far north in Center City to be honest, but I'm glad I got to try out Animo! I got a banana whip with coconut and chocolate tahini. The texture was creamy, smooth, and with the add-ins it was overall extremely indulgent. For anyone who hasn't tried chocolate tahini yet, the cashier accurately described it as "Nutella on crack"! It's amazing but not overly sweet. 

I deducted a star because the whip was $5 and for something that's literally mostly banana, I can't justify spending that much! (Also, I had a sip of my friend's Energizer smoothie and it was overwhelmed by the peanut butter and banana flavors that you couldn't taste any of the others like dates or granola)
Wow. Just wow. 

Awesome and amazing food!!! 

Do NOT miss this place. I got the Kale and Quinoa burrito. 

I also decided on a Lime Lite and wheatgrass shot. 

Awesome. I WILL be back. No doubt about it.
The freshest, most delicious salads and soups!!! I've been coming for a few months now and it's always like walking into a summer garden.  Can't get enough of the Cilantro lime salad dressing on the border salad.  Tonight I tried the sweet potato leek soup and it was amazing.  I will always come back for more!!
Wow, what can I say?  This place is awesome!  I visited Animo Juice for the first time yesterday for lunch, and it is no wonder why the place was packed.  I was enticed to come here after hearing about their use of very fresh, organic ingredients and I was super impressed.  I ordered the Simply Delicious juice, which was out of this world (I wish I got the larger size)!  I also got the Kale and Quinoa burrito over a bed of spinach instead of the tortilla and it was perfect.  The salsa gave it a spicy kick that blended everything together really well.  The portion was rather small for a burrito bowl, but the quinoa, kale, and beans in it were filling.  Paid a little over $15 and I know I could get lunch cheaper elsewhere, but this was just so good.  So if you are looking for something fresh and don't mind spending the few extra bucks, I recommend this place.
Uhh, I was craving an acai bowl, and am disappointed by the size/ price, consistency, taste, and composition of the bowl.  It was $9.45 for what looks like 10oz (?) with coconut added. But they blended ice into the acai, used frozen fruit, and it was half runny like a thin bisque. 

Maybe I've been spoiled by Banzai Bowls and Acai Republic in the west coast, but this is really bad. 

I haven't tried any food/ juices.
Meh- it's just okay. While health food definitely can taste good, everything here is mostly flavorless and lacking creativity - health food can taste good.  Definitely way overpriced... You just charged me how much for a bowl of kale drizzled with olive oil and lemon?
Finally caved and decided to come in here for lunch.  There was no line at around 1PM and my salad came out very quickly.  It was also the best salad I've ever had in my whole life.  The Border salad with guacamole and chicken and the cilantro lime vinaigrette is AMAZING.  I think I may be addicted...!
Not a combination I really expected but one I'm really really glad exists. Amazing burrito (chicken golden gate) and really good juice too (paradise I think?)
Blegh, probably the most disgusting burrito I've ever had.  The steak was dry and overcooked.  I specifically ordered the fajita burrito because it didn't have beans, but when I picked it up it was riddled with beans.  All of the burrito components were bland, from the rice to the peppers and onions, not to mention, you don't get a lot.  For $10, I better have a killer burrito!  Ah sad, it would have been a nice addition to my lunch rotation.
This place is awesome...The food is so good and fresh...than you add the juice/smoothies made ALL NATURAL...it's fantastic...best 16 dollars I have spent on food...
Please stop watering down your hot sauce. It is tasty, but has the consistency of water which is gross.
If you have no had a Banana Whip/Custard I suggest you come here ASAP. 

Amino offers a lot of healthy vegan options that leave you feeling refreshed and light. I've come here on multiple occasions. If you're watching your waist, a petite burrito will definitely do the trick. My personal favorite is the Kale and Quiona, but please be aware this is coming from a Kale Enthusiast. 

On a different occupation I ordered the greenscile smoothie, which was also delicious but did not completely knock my socks off, the next time I will probably add chia or something a little extra to give it more substance. 

I'm not giving thie 5 stars because of 2 reasons.There are slight miscommunication errors between the register and the cooking staff. Each time I've went to Animo, there is 1 person on the register and a line out the door. Most recently I ordered a Banana Whip, paid for it then found out 10 minutes after the fact that they were out of product. Rather than provide a discount, a coupon or anything for the inconvenience I was asked to switch out for something else. I'm not one to expect anything from everyone, but when you're running a competitive business in Center City, your game should be top notch.  I also noticed a staff member use his gloves to prep food AND to pick up dirty napkins/leftovers from a table. Despite the negatives, the food here is delicious and the staff is always friendly so you can't really go wrong. Just expect a wait if you go near lunchtime!
Oh gosh I really wanted to like this place more but it just didn't do it. I've only ever tried their burritos here so can't speak for the bowls or salads. The burritos are quite average or less for what you're paying. If I'm going to get the same amount of calories I might as well go to chipotle and get s bigger burrito. I expected it to taste better even though all the ingredients are so healthy! I tried their popular green lemonade drink and wasn't too bad but still nothing memorable.  The concept is great and the staff is always very friendly and offers extra sides of Guac or sauce so that's a plus!
Perhaps I'll return to try their other smoothies and bowls for an updated review,
Even though this place is full of white people, I love it!  Their mission style pepita burritos are the perfect size, and today's special juice shot (lemon, cayenne, something else wonderful) was delicious and perked me right up!  Oh, and the homemade hot sauce/ salsa is quite palatable.  

Yum!
Animo is located only a few steps from my office so it has been a part of my lunch rotation for years. Recently (the past two weeks), they have decided to allow someone to beg for change and sit outside their front door. Shoes off, feet in the doorway. The staff does not seem to care that this affects potential paying customers. In the past I looked beyond the slow service, but this has done it for me. I will not be going back.
This is my new favorite spot!!! Everything I have had has been delicious the border salad and the green lemonade are among my favorites.  The service is great always in and out, and the manager that brought me my food was a delight!  Pretty cute too!
I really want to love this place. The quality of food is good and the location is great for breakfast or lunch during the work week. BUT they cannot get an order correct and the service is extremely slow. What is taking so long if you're not making orders precisely how they are placed? My latest visit, I purposely went at 11:30am to beat the lunch rush because I know how long they take. I tried to call ahead to avoid a wait, but the phone was out of service. I ordered a burrito bowl. I asked for my receipt to make sure the order was placed properly. The order ticket was correct, but at least 2 ingredients were missing! As a "burrito bar", you can't mess this up! The nature of a "burrito bar" is for people to choose everything they want in it! Very disappointed. There are far too many juice and burrito places around the area to settle for this poor service experience.
I've had Animo twice now and will admit that I am a fan.

The first go around I got the chicken and guacamole burrito, full size. The chicken was tender, the guacamole was tasty and overall, I was satisfied.

Today I opted for a Vegetarian option and went with the kale and quinoa burrito, small size. It came with guacamole and roasted vegetables inside. I also tried the hot sauce today for the first time. It had a smokey flavor that added depth to my burrito, but wasn't overly hot. It was the perfect compliment. I also have to say, the small size was the perfect amount of food for lunch. I was satisfied without being stuffed.

If you dine in, they have water with lime and lemon for free. Tap water I'm sure, but the lime and lemon are nice touches.

The blue corn tortilla chips on the side are a nice addition, too.

I haven't tried any of the smoothies, just because they seem to be a little on the pricey side, but the burritos are fairly priced. My small kale and quinoa burrito today was $6.50.

Oh - for those of you that like their banana dessert, it's something I make at home all the time. Just freeze some bananas and throw them in the food processor with a splash of milk. Voila - faux banana ice cream!
Awesome burritos!  I always get the Haight and Ashbury Pepito and it's delicious.  Very good guacamole too.  I haven't had any of the juices though, just the food.
Love that they serve in IKEA dishes.

The pepito burrito in a bowl was A-OK, but not something I would return for. While the guacamole was tasty, it came with ~5 tortilla chips (i.e., gone in a flash), everything was just a bit bland. Since I live nearby, I'll likely be back to try a salad, a soup, and their juices/smoothies, but for anything burrito-like, I'll head to Chipotle.
5 stars for the kale quinoa burrito bowl.  
5 for the ginger lemon cayenne shot. 

0 stars for plastic utensils.  metal used to be the norm.  kinda bummed about that.
I finally got to try this place out after watching the preparations for opening with much anticipation!

I enjoyed the Mission burrito with veggies and a Coast to Coast smoothie.  The smoothie was especially good.  The burrito came along with a very small portion of chips and salsa, but it was just a nice little taste on the side.

I felt healthy and satisfied after my meal, and I would definitely like to come back, but it was a little pricey for an every day lunch.

The atmosphere was really nice as well - modern and natural with lots of wood.
I was sad when Fuel across the street closed, but this place has been a great replacement for healthy foods and juices. The Chocolate Thunder is a nice treat, but I tend to stick with the juices. 

Burritos are great. I dont really love their beef, so I stick with the chicken. The guac is great. I do wish they were a little less skimpy on the chips and they were open a little later.

It's nice to have healthy lunch options in CC. Not that I don't love Wawa, but it is good to change it up.
I really dig the chicken and guac pepito/burrito. Nice, clean, efficient service.  One of my go to lunch places.
Walked by and hadn't had breakfast; smoothie sounds good, why not? First, I love the lay out and architecture; lots of space and I love all the wood use. I was recommended to get the "Cobbler" smoothie, and all I gotta say is delish! To top it off, Charlotte and the rest of the Saturday crew are personable, and down to earth! I will definitely be back!
First time trying this place after getting rave reviews from co-workers. Got there a little before noon and the place was jammed! That being said, the line moves really quickly and it gave me time to peruse the menu. I ordered the kale-quinoa burrito bowl and added tomatillo salsa and jalapeños. I also had to try one of the juices. Settled on the carrot/orange/cantaloupe juice. Fantastic! The food was so fresh and felt like a party in my mouth. Will definitely be back to work my way through the menu!
After a few months of waiting for Animo to open at their center city location, I was finally able to experience this fantastic burrito and juice bar. The first thing I noted was the coffeehouse feel of the restaurant. As a first timer, I was greeted by the friendly staff and asked what they would recommend. I was enlightened on the history of the restaurant and was happy to support a family owned business. After some deliberation of the menu, I decided to go with the fajita burrito and peligrino which came to about $11. Although the price was a little bit more than I expected, I feel as if it was worth it because of the chips/salsa, the quality ingredients, and customer service. Water was complimentary and had a hint of lemon which was nice. 


If this were ebay I would leave the feedback as AAAAAAAA+++++++++
I will be back again to try something from the juice bar
I woke up 3 days before my wedding with a sore throat and freaked out.  On my way into the office, I googled solutions.  First, I went to Walgreens where I stocked up on the medication that you have to sign for; the hard sh*t.  Next, I ambled down 17th street to Animo.  I recalled my former boss pleading with them to deliver to our old office, so I was intrigued.  I went up to the counter, and said to the woman "Help me not be sick!".  A shot of ginger and an amazing juice later, I was back on my way to the office with the pharma approach in my pocket, the all natural approach in my belly, and hope restored!  They couldn't have been kinder, or nicer, or more helpful at a time when I needed someone to be kind, nice to me, and helpful.  

I've been back for lunch since... and their food is delish too.  I'm a fan of the petito burritos.  Just think of it as a wrap, and any mexiconfusion will get all cleared up.  For dessert, there is nothing like the frozen banana whip!  Add peanut butter and chocolate... and while it doesn't mimic ice cream at all... its a healthy treat that satiates like nobodys business.

Thank you Animo!
First and foremost this is a cool little spot which is great to sit near the window and creepily stare at people as they walk past.....

The drink and food selections are vast and really good. However, for a nutritional juice/food bar, how do you not have any nutritional information? It would seem that the crowd you're drawing in here is health conscious, as I walked a mile away from my hotel to check the place out and avoid most other places along the way.

All I had here was the Chicken and Hummus bowl and added quinoa to it and it was really good! The chicken had a great seasoning to it and the food was fresh as well. Next time I'm in Philadelphia, I'd definitely come back to try a protein shake!
I did pickup on my order of food and never received it. Probably waited 15-20 minutes and even asked. They said they don't know what happened to it and to wait. The attitude was a bit ruder than expected since I was the one who has the food missing. I just decided to leave and call it a day. Definitely won't be returning or ordering here again.
This place is a joke. Ordered ahead of time and went there to pick it up, A employee asked me what I am here to pick up. Provided my name and she goes, what is it. Food. 10 min later she hands me brown bag simultaneously with someone order. No name nothing on the bag. I asked what's the name on it. She goes "whatever the name.."

Fuck this store. I now know 12 of my colleague who eat out will NEVER go there. She was extremely rude and she does not belong in any places where customer service is necessary.
I was skeptical the first time I walked by this place. Seriously, burritos and juice? When did that become a thing? I guess I am just out of touch with the new normal. But, I I tried it out one day for lunch during the work week and I was pleasantly surprised about the burrito bowls.  There is nothing that I like better than a very well-prepared bowl of rice beans cheese guacamole and pork Carnitas. And their version of this at Animo (I believe it is called the Haight Ashbury) is excellent.  I would highly recommend for any burrito lover. . This place is very good.
Downloaded the Yelp app just because I was so disappointed by this place.

They seemingly forgot I'd ordered the most basic burrito on their menu until I asked where it was 30 minutes in. They weren't busy, and unfortunately I was on a time crunch. When I finally got my burrito, they'd forgotten the guacamole I'd paid for, meaning I just got rice, beans, and pico in a tortilla. Small portions, overpriced, and completely underwhelming taste. If you like overpaying for "healthy" ingredients and hip decor over value or taste, go here.
