Just wanted to give a gigantic shout out to the crispy bacon & feta salad I had for lunch today. It was so damn good, I may need to go back tomorrow for another. Ants Pants is legit. Just wish they accepted cards!
The best thing about breakfast is that if I make it through the day, I'm rewarded with it again tomorrow. Ants Pants, you make me hope life gives me many more tomorrows because I need to work my way through your entire menu. Which might be tough because I will probably want to order the Vegetarian Sweet Potato Hash every time. Who could have guessed that beets would be a great addition to my early day noshings?

Also. Important. Mr. Shauna G. claims the chips served on the side of many of the entrée options to be, "the best breakfast chip in Philadelphia, possibly the world."

Cue Annie's "Tomorrow! Tomorrow! I love you, tomorrow!"
The Maple Bacon Sandwich is one of my absolute most favorite versions of a breakfast sandwich in the world. The golden beets are perfection, the focaccia is just the right amount of thick, the bacon serving is always generous, and the fries on the side are crispy and salty. All that being said, it's a splurge to spend $15 for a breakfast sandwich so I save Ants Pants for special occasions.

This past weekend, friends and I decided a bit too late that we wanted to order takeout from Ants Pants. We called around 10:15 AM, they let us know it would be an hour wait and asked if we still wanted to order. We did! They said they'd call to let me know when the order was ready for pick up, and they did just that after exactly an hour.

As per usual, I got the Maple Bacon Sandwich, a friend got the Italian Sausage Hash, and the others both got the Ham and Brie sandwich on a croissant and subbed the side of greens for the hash. Everyone was extremely satisfied with their meals. We were full until dinner time.

In the past, I've stopped by Ants Pants to dine at their outdoor seating on the South Street Sidewalk. It gets BUSY so if you want to dine there, get there sooner than later or be willing to wait.

The dine-in service is fine, nothing extraordinary. Definitely on the expensive side, but I've never been disappointed in the taste or quality of my food.
I am so bummed to write this update but it is my duty as a Yelper.  I'm still giving you three stars because your coffee, food and shop is still very cool but I just can't let you keep the five stars any longer.

I really want to love this place.  I've come back four times since my initial review.  Each time I wait at least 20 minutes to sit down, which I'm okay with since all the great brunch nooks have a mandatory wait.

What I don't like, is that each time I sit down, I wait like crazy for my food.  I'm not sure if it's personal, but each time I've come, we sat down before some groups and way before other groups but we inevitably get our food last.  A few months ago we waited so long after others got their food that I think the waiter felt bad and brought us a complimentary bowl of Tim Tams (which are delicious - I highly recommend them as a snack).

We went last weekend.  The line was long so I got a coffee and tea while we waited to sit, I was just dying for the coffee and couldn't wait another 20 minutes for it.

We sat down and ordered immediately.  A few minutes later, a four top sat in front of me.  A few minutes after that, another couple sat on my right.  

Then we waited....

The couple to my right got their food.  The four top then got their food.  A fifth person joined them right after and placed an order.  We waited... the fifth person then got their food.  Our waitress hadn't even been back to our table.

The couple to my right finished and got their bill... still no food.  The four-top did the same, then our food came.  By then, I was cranky and starving so I just angrily shoveled my food down.

Our waitress then promptly brought the bill and totally didn't care.  I still tipped her 20% out of fear of getting worse service if I do go back.  

This has happened four times.  Why Ants Pants?  WTF did I do to piss you off?
Ants Pants is the spot to get your breakfast fix on, down under style.  I am hooked on the weekend brunch, esp. the 'brekkie." And they always seem to have a great, casual & friendly crowd there.
Named for slow service?
Brekkie Platter is solid
Cash only, homie
Motherhood. 

Apple pie. 

Weekend brunch. 

If these aren't things you can get behind, what are you doing in America, fool?! 

Okay, perhaps brunch doesn't top everyone else's list of feel-good national freedoms, but my love for this weekend staple knows no bounds. Case in point, I shamelessly agreed to brekkie at Ant's Pants over the weekend despite my unfortunate pajama-outfit: sweatpants, galoshes and a long sleeved tee straight out of my guy's wardrobe. My car was parked on South and we decided that if the café looked table-ready when we walked past we would go for it and, if not, we would head back to Jersey, where sweatpants are considered acceptable attire in all diners. 

We walked into the adorable café and the wait was four deep. A server tried to talk up two available stools at the window bar to the couples before us, but they declined and we happily took them. The same server hooked us up with water and coffee and gave us time as I decided between five or so items that all sounded great, including the famous bacon stack. I went with an omelette from the standard menu - goat cheese, caramelized onions and spinach. It hit the spot and was just the right size. I especially enjoyed that it was served with a side of fruit salad, a welcome change from the norm. The bacon and toast sides I shared with my guy were nice add-ons. The bacon was perfectly crisp and the wheat toast was thick and satisfying. 

The price was reasonable considering the tasty fare, and it was a great meal to kick off the weekend.
I came to Ants Pants Cafe for brunch. I was happily surprised it was Australian! There was vegemite on the counter, flat whites and long blacks on the coffee menu, and different types of Aussie decorations and menu items. Yay!

We waited almost 25 minutes for a table, but the place was mobbed. They don't take your name, you just stand in a line and get the next table available. Odd, but its a tiny place, so it works. 

Once sat, the dining area is small, but they do have a nice outside eating area in the back yard. 

My ham, brie, egg, avocado on a croissant sandwich was very delicious. The over-medium egg was a tad over-cooked, as it didn't drip at all. But, the sandwich was still juicy from the tomato and avocado. We also got the classic egg, bacon, and cheese on long roll, which had a delicious aoli sauce on it. My cold brew coffee was strong and delicious. 

Overall, great food, cute place for brunch. The wait was long, and the food took 30 mins to be cooked, so it took a while, but they were super busy. I'll come back! I want to try more items from the delicious looking menu.
Good brunch alternatives within walking distance of Ants Pants: 

Café Lutecia
Resurrection Ale House
Day By Day
Ants Pants is an Australian-theme bruncheon cafe. It's small but it's supposed to resemble the charm of authentic Sydney foodery. The name "Ants Pants" is actually Australian slang. When an Aussie finds something to be totally awesome they say "It's the ants in the pants!" If you ever visit Sydney and say this, they will be pleased you've heard of it. 

All the food is fresh, tasty, and served piping hot. For such a cramped place with huge crowds, especially weekends and most the college kids from University City, who will have a difficult time now that the South St. bridge will be closed for years to come for a new bridge. So they will have to detour across Walnut to get to the Ants Pants but it's worth the hike. Even just the simple eggs and toast has a kick that really is the ants in the pants. The only Aussie-based foods that you'll find here are two items. 

1. Vegemite- a peanut butter-like spread that is used on mainly toast along with butter. Sometimes you'll find vegemite mixed with butter but a true Aussie puts puts butter first followed by the vegemite. 

2. Iced Coa Coa Milk- Basically it's a glass of chocolate milk but with ice and a scoop of sweet vanilla ice cream, close to a milk shake but presented differently and just as delicious, if not even better. 

Well there you have it! You won't leave with ants in your pants but you will leave with a satisfied grin.
I found this place on Yelp of course. We went for my sisters birthday brunch. It is BYOB. this establishment is veryyyyyy small. so if you have a larger party i see it being a tad of a problem or a long wait.

The staff were all very nice and inviting. The pricing was average. But none of the food moved me in a major way. I had brie stuffed french toast with apricot glaze. My food was good, however... it wasn't WOW. Parking wasn't hard to find and it was free in the st at the time.


i would return if i was invited.
Most of the seating for this Australian-themed brunch place is tucked behind the kitchen, so I wasn't impressed when first I walked in.  There is window bar-style seating which is kind of diner-ish.  Once seated, however, I loved the warm, simple IKEA-esque decor and the friendly but not fussy staff.

The quality of the ingredients is excellent and healthy (i.e. unprocessed).  I recommend the egg dishes for breakfast.  Ants Pants is only open until 4pm, but they do breakfast and lunch very well.  The clientele seemed nice, too, some people studying, some families.  The menu is unique but simple, complete with Australian touches like regional slang and trivia about koala bears (they are marsupials, NOT bears!).

Free internet with password, which I couldn't get to work.  Cash only; parking is probably not fabulous for those not within walking distance, but this is Philly, so I think most places are within walking distance.  

They're crowded on the weekends with the slept-in-after-a-fun-evening set, lots of young couples and very congenial.  Lunch items are mostly salads and sandwiches, but with some Australian touches I'd never heard of.

The guy next to me was so excited about how good his freshly-squeezed orange juice tasted that he exclaimed "This makes my week!"  

Mine too.  Oh, and you can get food to go, or as the Aussies say, "take away."
I have been coming here for quite sometime, but stopped coming for awhile, my brunch buddy & I were due. We met up with other friends & it was packed. We ended up eating up front by the window ,which we didn't mind. The had some drink specials, I got a spiced mocha latte & seasonal french toast shared the sweet potato  fries. Yeah wish they did used to have specials on a board but they stopped it ; wish they'd start again. But they do it right & its Good!
last week my boss was out on vacation. which meant everyone at work collectively decided to venture out and take a two hour lunch. so we walked 20 mins out of our way, over the bridge, and stumbled upon this cute little café. there's a smattering of rickety-looking tables and chairs inside, with more seating out on the back patio.

i'm really not a fan of the classic american lunch. salads and sandwiches just aren't my thing. so when i saw that they served breakfast for lunch, i cried a little inside. normally, you'd just call that brunch. but brunch is a term i reserve exclusively for weekends -- in reference to that ambiguous meal that occurs between 10am-2pm, preferably after a night of heavy drinking.

that being said, i wasn't too impressed with the menu. there's not a whole lot of options, and their brunch items (pancakes, french toast, etc) sounded unoriginal and not all that appealing. in the end, i opted for the egg, ham and brie sandwich. yes, i ended up getting a sandwich anyways, sigh. but at least it was a damn good sandwich -- the blend of the over-medium egg over the ham + avocado + tomatoes tasted delicious. i asked to go easy on the brie, and i could barely taste it. YAY.

our waitress was really chill, and i love the aussie-theme. what that has to do with ants or pants, i'm not really sure. but i wish i drank coffee so i could've at least tried one of their drips or their aussie coffee drinks.

would i go out of my way to come back here again? probablyyyy... not. hey, at least it made for one interesting and not-so-typical day at work. this is also where we were the day the little earthquake hit. we initially thought it was construction next door, had it not been for the rattling of the rickety tables.

CASH ONLY. don't sweat it, it's pretty cheap.
Been here a few times for brunch and never been disappointed. Slight variations on your usual favorites, fresh juice, and a nice laid back friendly atmosphere. It's a tight squeeze so there can be a wait, and it can be a little uncomfortable on a humid day. They have some interesting sandwiches but when I tried to go for a late lunch we got there just as they were closing, so maybe better luck next time.
A great brunch if you're in Philly! 
My boyfriend and I picked it last minute and I'm glad we did. Great food, great atmosphere and cute "outdoor" seating in the back.
The coffee was also very good, but wish they had come around to refill it more often but that's mostly because I drink 3-4 cups daily. 

Be sure to get there pretty early, we got there around 10:30 and only waited about 10-15 minutes. 
Try the Maple Bacon. 
Also, bring cash and BYOB. 
If I'm ever in Philly again, most definitely would stop by again. 
If I ever move to Philly, would probably make this a regular brunch spot.
Finally had a chance to try this place after walking by for a year. 
Since I came on sat at noon I wasn't surprised to see a line at the door. It was about a 35 min wait but considering how small the place is, they are able to squeeze in a fair amount of people. There is also an outdoor space in the back that appeared covered so that's promising.
The service was decent here but very busy so it was hard to get the waiters attention.
Now onto food.
First of all, their coffee and beverages were lovely. My friend got the aussie iced coffee which had espresso,vanilla ice cream and whipped cream. This was divine. I ordered a classic cappuccino which was perfect.
For our entrees I got the brie scramble which was yummy but I would prefer the chili sauce on the side for future reference - it's very sweet. The brie was delicious though. Also my friend and I were obsessed with the chip fries.
My friend ordered their daily special which was the maple bacon walnut French toast. He loved everything about it but didnt like how the walnuts were salty. Probably too much of a contrast for his preference. Overall a cozy spot that I would come back just to get some aussie drinks!
I love Ants Pants. 

The Food is AMAZING - the Bacon Stack (add Avocado to create a near religious experience) changed my Life. All of their Food is to Die for, and they have some of the most innovative specials to come out of any cafe in the City. 

Their Coffee Rocks. But they have one up on any other coffee purveyor in the City - The Australian Coffee. This consists of an Iced Coffee made with Vanilla Ice Cream instead of Ice & Espresso or Chocolate - but being me I combine the two for an extra scrumptious treat. All of this yummitasticness is topped off by the fact that this joint Busts Your Gut without Busting Your Wallet. A Bagel with Cream Cheese and Nova Lox is $3 ($9 anywhere else). 

I would call it Intimate as opposed to small, and it is best to take the attitude of Love Thy Neighbor, as you will be sitting very close to them! As with any place, there are better times to stop by and if you go during the meal rush, you will wait. If course, you can always do Take-Out (yet Another bonus). The Outdoor seating in the back is refreshing and partially shaded, which is nice especially in the heat of  the summer. As long as it isn't during the rush, they don't mind people stealin their internets while sipping on coffee. The staff is incredibly sweet, and keep me coming with their friendly attitude. This is a place that values its neighborhood & its community, and hat helps elevate both through its charm & goodwill.

Final Thoughts: Yummy, Cheap, and Friendly!
TIP: CASH ONLY

Nice folks. Good brunch. Quick service.... sounds good to me!
We first ordered a ice chocolate which basically was a delicious chocolate milkshake... its the best way to start brunching. 
The stack was good but it just had alot of arugua and the sourdough bread was a little tough. And the sweet potato fries were a little soggy. 
The pancakes were just fluffy, chocolate pancakes - I wish they had something more exciting. 
There were a few things on their specials, like their tots that I wish I had the chance to try. Guess I'll have to go back!
I've never gotten up and walked out of a restaurant without eating after sitting and I did it here.

I've been coming to Ant's Pants for years ever since I moved to this 'hood and I like to fancy it my go-to place. My husband is there at least once a week. Which is why my experience sadly merited a review.

We showed up to a half full dining room for breakfast on a weekday. We know the drill on wait times, but we were sat promptly. And we sat. and sat. and sat. The waitress knew we were there but walked by our table about 9 times without making eye contact with us. We tried to catch her eye (didn't want to call out in such a small space) and sat for close to 15 minutes before we realized that she was serving two other tables that had come in after us.  She was also clearing empty tables instead of coming over. We had no 'I'm so sorry, I'll be right with you' - just totally ignoring us. The space is small, you can't miss us. You can't miss our menus closed, our patient expressions waiting for the yummy coffee and food.

She was so incredibly dismissive and rude. I was shocked. We got up, walked by her, said " we are going to go ahead and leave" and she didn't even look up and just shrugged and mumbled "ok". 

We went on our way to Honey's where they happily fed us and took our money.

I hadn't ever seen that waitress before and I hope to not again.
Go to this Aussie eatery for the best brunch in town! Go for the brekkie, sweet potato fries, and their excellent tea selection. Great friendly service & vibe.
This place was absolutely fantastic.

I've been really into going out to brunch each Sunday and trying out new places, and this one had been on my list.

It was real busy, but the staff is so quick and friendly they made sure we were all seated as soon as possible and offered everyone drinks while we were waiting.  My girlfriend and I got a seat straight away at the window and our server was great.  He was extremely nice even though he obviously had a million things to do.  I got the special, a sort of western omelet with onions, jalapenos, tomatoes, and some other zesty goodies with a side of AMAZING potato fries and ketchup.  My girlfriend got the bacon stack:  toasted country white bread topped with bacon, tomato, arugula, sunny side up eggs and pecorino romano.  Both were so delicious.  We ate all of it.  the prices are so reasonable too, it's great if you're on a budget.  

I also hear their milkshakes are the best.  Can't wait to try!
Honestly, it feels like the owner/manager isn't even trying. Literally failed at even the most basic stuff.

1) We walked in the front door; no one greeted us. The wait staff ignored us for 60 seconds.
2) Service brought our drinks really late--it was after three other tables had been served.
3) We ordered two un-complicated meals straight from the menu. They still managed to screw up our orders. They didn't even try to remember or write it down.
4) Wait staff never checked up on us to ask us about our meals. And the restaurant was half-empty, so it's not like they were super busy.
5) The fries were cold.
6) Chicken tasted like they hadn't properly defrosted it; tomatoes weren't fresh. The food is mediocre on a good day.
7) Prices are stupidly high considering the low-quality food.
8) It's cash only.
9) They screwed up our check.

It's not like they were mean or rude to me; they just seemed lackadaisical and/or incompetent.
I really wanted to write a review because I had dinner at here a week ago and we were the only table on a Thursday night.  Apparently they just started dinner a couple months ago, but word REALLY needs to get out about this great dinner spot on west South Street.

A well-known hoppin' breakfast spot for years, what a great addition to the burgeoning G-Ho 'hood nightlife.  To be in Ants Pants with the lights off outside was a whole new experience - very cozy and inviting.

I was seriously impressed by the food: a delicious cream of scallion soup to start, and then a delicious pork chop dinner.  Perfect-sized portions.  All so good.  

I'll definitely be back.  I hope you give it a try, too.
I finally stopped in here for breakfast.  I brought my kindle thinking I would sit at a table and read, but turns out that you can order everything to go so I opted for that instead.

I got the egg sandwich with turkey bacon.  It was absolutely delicious.  The eggs were perfectly cooked with a little bit of runny yolk.  The cheddar cheese was quality and had a great flavor, and turkey bacon had a nice smokiness to it.  The roll it was served on was good too.  I thought it would be like a food truck egg sandwich, but this was way better.  Definitely one of the  best egg sandwiches I've had.

I also got a coffee and it was fantastic.  It had a really nice flavor.
I used to work at Ants Pants, so my opinion may sound biased, but this is still my favorite sandwich/breakfast place in the city. I'm a vegetarian so finding a place that served delicious, fresh sandwiches (on slices of bread, not rolls) and mouth-watering breakfasts was always tricky, but this place sure delivers. They are one of the few places, in my opinion, that concentrates more on their food rather than their income. Everything I've had on the menu was wonderful and their specials are always innovative and delicious. I would consider myself quite the "foodie" and this place gets high marks in my book. There is definitely a reason why Ants Pants has been recognized in so many magazines articles (check the window from outside).

As for the common complaints I've read, there are "floaties" in the water because when we fill the pitchers we add slices of either lemon or cucumber (hence the flavoring). Little bits of the flavorings in water will fall off when they're carried around so much. As for the customers, the regulars are some of the nicest people ever. I still see them on the street and they always make a point to stop and say "hi" (even though I haven't worked there for some months now). Unfortunately, like every restaurant, we do get a handful of annoying, mean customers (usually out-of-towners). Sorry if they ruin your meal, they ruin our day too.
I guess most people don't notice when they walk in, but the place doesn't have a lot of bells and whistles. Every piece of food put into your mouth or every drink you down was made completely from scratch by one or two people. They don't have a full kitchen, so time is sacrificed for freshness. If your meal takes long, it's because only two people are putting it together from scratch. They don't open a bag of pre-made food and pop it in the microwave like other restaurants. The same goes for the servers. There are only two people waiting tables on the weekend and it is EXTREMELY had to keep on top of everything. Next time take a look at everyone working on the weekend. I think it would be hard to point out someone who is just standing around and not preforming a task. If you want attentive and quick service, definitely show up M-T at any time or before 10am on the weekends.

Although I am a former employee, I still think this place is wonderful. I try to stop in a few weekends a month to get breakfast or lunch. If you go, please try to remember how it's run. And if you want advice on what to try, ask the staff. They are some of the nicest servers in the city.

Oh, try the brioche bread on your next sandwich or the french toast and a side of fruit!
Any place that does brunch on the week days is alright by me. I was surprised to see that - at least it seems - Philly isn't one of those cities with endless options for that beloved mid-morning meal during a work day. So thanks, Ants Pants Cafe, for being open on a Thursday at 10am...with no line, might I add (even if you're cash only, though the ATM inside is super helpful). 

Very cool, welcoming spot. We were greeted warmly before we seated ourselves all the way in the back area which seems outside though it really isn't (it's more of a greenhouse sans the oppressive heat with pseudo stained glass, fairy lights, and decorative felt balls).

Service was friendly and fast, the iced coffee with soy hit the spot, and the menu itself was amazing. There were so many things I wanted to try (like the spinach, goat cheese, and caramelized onion omelette or the enormous open-faced green apple and brie sandwich with fries or - the special of the day - the poblano cream cheese on a bagel with tomato slices), but I settled for the vegetarian sweet potato hash with with golden beets, grilled fennel, two sunny eggs, and horseradish ginger aioli... and, y'know, a bowl of fruit to balance it all out. 

So. Good. SO GOOD. You know that point when you're too full to keep eating but you keep shoveling it in anyway? That's where I was with this. The bowl of fruit for $4 was much more plentiful than I was expecting, and the hash for $13 was straight-up delicious. Earthy and filling, and while the veg could be too dense or dry, the runny yolk and aioli keep everything balanced just right. My only regret? I didn't know they had sriracha. That would have made this perfect. 

Absolutely a must if you're a brunch person, and can get away for a bite during the week day.
This place is "cute" but a bit posey.  A lot of the clientle are suburban types that always wanted the "big city coffee shop" experience they grew up watching on Friends.  That makes for an annoying time.

Despite that, when you're not surrounded by the asshole customers, the food is very good for brunch.  The staff isn't up their own ass which you'd imagine they would be with customers telling them how awesome they are all the time. 

It is a shame when the crowd ruins an otherwise enjoyable time (see also mcglichey's)
A friend of mine introduced me to this place a few months ago. I have only been there for brunch, but I loved it! The atmosphere and servers have that cool and quirky flare which I have never managed to achieve myself. Their "Dill scrambled eggs with feta" and the "creme brulee battered french toast" send me to breakfast-food heaven.
The place is relatively cost-effective with a total of around 11ish (with coffee, which is also very good.) I am a breakfast food-o-phile in that I could eat breakfast food 24/7. When I say I really like this place, I mean it! Only downside-it's cash only, so stop by the ATM!
We decided to come here for brunch on a Sunday because we realized that Little Spoons closed down. 

When we walked in it was packed but were were lucky because we just missed the brunch crowed that showed up when we left. The place isn't very big so if you don't get there in time you'll be waiting. 

The food was definitely fine. I ordered the pancakes and they were pretty big and delicious. I also ordered a side of eggs and turkey bacon.  We also got the sweet potato has with meat and eggs. Its a nice Aussi place but I guess I miss little spoon...
Reasons I wish I lived closer to Ant's Pants:

1. The chips!! And sweet potato fries. But mainly the chips.
2. Our server was incredibly nice.
3. The bacon stack! (Although, the bread had a kind of stale texture.)
4. THE VIOLET CRUMBLE SHAKE. 

The espresso is also pretty enjoyable and creamy. For a Sunday (july 4th) at noon, we only waited a few minutes. I'm sure it's worse when 90% of the town ISN'T nursing a hangover.
WAY too expensive and the serving staff clearly doesn't give a crap what your situation is in the morning.  They had a line out the door and they are slowly taking their time, steaming milk, and all the while talking about someone's medical insurance covering some type of injury or surgery.

First of all, ew.  Secondly I HAVE  BUS TO CATCH!  Don't just put the bagel down next to you, effing ask who's it is!  Don't continue to have the conversation please move it along so I'm not late.  You're a breakfast cafe, certainly you should know that people are in a hurry? No?

The prices are too high.  I had a large coffee and a bagel with cream cheese and it cost over $5.  I was disappointed with the coffee.  MAD watery.  The bagel was good though and the cream cheese had a nice flavor.

I've definitely experienced better.
Super cute diner, Australian-themed, with delicious and UNIQUE brunch. It won me over from the moment Sufjan Stevens started playing over the sound system. Although portion sizes are not the usual ginormous American brunch amounts, Ants Pants will still fill you up, and do it with style. I would highly recommend their iced coffee, the one with a dollop of vanilla ice cream on the top. This delicious combination seems so simple and obvious in retrospect, but it took Ant Pants' courage to show me the way. AP isn't super cheap, but it is one of my favorite Philadelphia brunch places, especially being located where it is.
This place is very cute.  I liked their seating - a big bench adorned with pillows that my boyfriend would consider completely unnecessary and annoying, but I consider it to be a "nice touch."  Luckily the other side of the table offers up and normal chair, for all the pillow haters out there.

Now onto the experience.  At first, my hungover under hydrated body was thrilled to have two iceless, yet cold, waters delivered to the table.  Mine was delicious but my boyfriend discovered a few floaties in his.  Nothing a weak stomach from the previous night of drinking ever enjoys.  

We ordered out brunch, he got the bacon stack and I got the Egg on a Roll.  He got a Ginger Ale, I got the Sweet Potatoe Fries.  The SP fries were really good and cut in narrow slices rather than the usual fry shape.  My boy found some grime in the cup he was supposed to pour his soda into.

He reported that his bacon stack was good...my egg on a roll however, was exactly that.  I love breakfast sandwiches but was a bit disappointed that this one was simply a sunny side up egg, with cheese, on a long crusty roll.  Too much bread, not enough cheese, and just plain.

They menu looked interesting though so next time I will get something else and hopefully bump their rating up a little bit.  All in all, it's worth a shot.
Love this place for breakfast!! The coffee selection here is wonderful. I had an egg/cheese croissant with a side of fries. My friend also had a brunch sandwich. The fries are sooo garlic-y and yummy. Everything was prepared well, and staff were attentive/friendly. 

I've never had any of the lunch options (salads and sammies), but I definitely plan to try after seeing some being ordered. Overall, I think this place is delicious, fairly priced, and I've never had to wait too long. This is a good place if you want a quick bite, but you could drag it out into a longer brunch if you wanted to!
I was saying to my friend as we ran a 5k the other morning, how all I wanted was a goat cheese omelet... when we were choosing the brunch place with which to negate that work out she suggested we go here and found the goat cheese, caramelized onion and spinach omelet on the menu, needless to say I was in. 

The good: 
The omelet I was craving surely satisfied. Lots of goat cheese, lots of beautiful and sweet caramelized onions and they let me add bacon (double points!!) 
Great portion sizes, huge plates that we couldn't even finish. 
Good service and very minimal wait time. 
Good lord the chip cut french fries with sriracha wiz - life changing and perfectly crispy and spicy.  I felt like the sweet potato fries were getting ordered more than these, but do yourself a favor a share a plate of this magnificent creation. 
Price was very decent. 

The bad: 
Not too much, it is a little packed, but I'd rather be sitting close to my neighbor than waiting an extra hour. 
No booze. 
Couldn't substitute some things (apparently the hashes are already pre-put together or something?) Not a big deal, this is just being nit-picky. 
Also nit picking - this is supposed to be an Australian Cafe - I was really hoping for something made with Tim-Tams!
This place used to be our go to for brunch, haven't been in awhile but felt I owed them the solid review they're deserving of. The food is awesome, service is great and it's astonishing they're able to deal with such volume in such a small kitchen area. It's basically a barista stand with a small grill and somehow they're able to crank out a full brunch service with many options. Eggs benny, yogurt parfait and the breaky platter will have you leaving w a smile on your face. The ambiance is unique and cozy but ultimately that small footprint combined with difficult parking sitch has deterred us from going in recent times. There's just too many walkable options from where I live to roll the dice looking for a parking spot here and then if you do get one, there's no guarantee the wait won't be an hour long.
Had brunch with the family here on Sunday right around the beginning of a snowstorm... perhaps that's why there wasn't much of a wait. I could see how this place could get really busy fast. This place is very small and cozy, not great for huge groups but the space is nice. 

I would love to say that the food here is the ants pants and give it 5 stars, but in reality I'd probably give it a 3.5. Here are a couple thoughts: 
+ there are some good flavor combinations in some of the menu items... the bacon cheddar apple scramble was tasty and I got the dill scrambled eggs with feta. 
- however, I was a bit disappointed in that I sort of expected my feta to be scrambled in with the eggs, and the same goes for the spinach that came alongside my eggs. I ended up mixing them altogether myself, because part of the excitement in ordering that dish was wondering how all those flavors would taste together. 
+ the bread they use here is awesome. I don't know what it is. Probably a sprinkle of magic and honey. 
- the prices are a bit... pricey for what you get. $9 for an eggs benny that was good bit on the smallish side that left someone hungry for more afterwards... maybe you get the picture. Brunch ended up being  more expensive than I had planned before coming... come prepared! This place is cash only. ATM in house, but who wants banking fees? 
? there is a creme brulee battered french toast on here that begs a return visit... verdict on this one to be determined. 

Coffee here, despite the minor food woes, is amazing. I would definitely come back here for the coffee. There is some bar stool seating up front and on the side in the back, so it'd be a nice place to sit and read with coffee. They have a full regular menu of coffee items as well as Aussie coffee specialties. I got a flat white which is like a latte except with more espresso, less milk. It was really good - no - it was the ants pants. The hot chocolates were pretty tasty as well. 

Overall, coffee = ants pants. Food = not so much... mostly because of the variability between plates being worth the price and just not being as awesome as the coffee.
Ants pants is an amazing family owned establishment. The food is mouthwatering (seriously, just thinking about it). They have a tiny 'kitchen' in the back and so a large part of the experience can be waiting for your food. So bring a few bottles of champagne to hold you over while you wait for your brunch. The food itself is approachable and easy to like. The cafe is small, so you better love thy neighbor if dining here.
I was hung over and needed to remedy the disgusting feeling in my stomach and head with a greasy meal. Ants Pants delivered with a egg/bacon/cheese croissant and at least one of not two potatoes' worth of shoestring fries. For $12 (including coffee and tip) I felt like a new woman.

My friend ordered their house-made apple juice and that, my friends, was fantastico. I'd drink that on the daily if I had it available to me. 

Cash only and very, very small seating area. I'm sure that it'd be a hopeless wait on the weekend. But when you weekday drink on vacation like me, no problem!
Lana and I used to love going here.  It was a nice little place that no one seemed to know about, great coffee, and opens at 7am on the weekdays.  It had been over a year since my last visit, so I was excited to go.  I met with my friends Quinn and Nicole before we were going to head to a Penguins/Flyers game.  This little cafe has a cool Australian theme.

It is really crazy on weekends.  A space that is cute during the week quickly becomes cramped and uncomfortable.  It was very busy, but that's not an excuse for the terrible service we received.  I had to flag down our server even to get a refill of coffee, and we were never checked on after we got our food.  I also remember the food being really good, and the breakfast potatoes (chips) blowing me away.  The chips were a complete waste.  Don't order them.  They have a good range of specials, and the menu is varied enough to please almost anyone.

Bottom Line:  The food was good, but not great.  It's doubtful you'll even remember what you ate within a few days.  However, there are several positive aspects of Ants Pants: The coffee here is great.  They have decent grab and go breakfast foods, so it would definitely be a regular stop for me if I lived closer by.  I'd like this place to be in my neighborhood, but it's too far away for me to justify the trip.
Really fun brunch spot on south street. They have this sort of greenhouse shed type set up in the back that's made of brick and that was a cute place to eat. 

I had an espresso milkshake and it was amazing. Just vanilla ice cream and coffee, simple but amazing. The French toast was really good as well. 

The blt with fries also met everyone's expectations. No one at the table had a bad meal. 

Definitely coming back!
My 3 year old loves this place. Let's go to ANTS PANTS she says every morning.

They've got high chairs, books and toys for the young ones.

Coffee is great, and so is the food. I usually get the beef hash and one of the specials.
Ants Pants is part of our regular lunch rotation at work, and for good reason: it's a cute place with delicious food and friendly, prompt service. Not once has anyone in our group ever been unsatisfied with a meal here. 

I typically get the gruyere grilled cheese with light mustard (sometimes it can be a little too mustard-y) and chip fries. The grilled cheese is good but the chip fries. The chip fries! Single most delicious thing on the menu and definitely among the best fries I've ever had. Eat it with the hot sauce they provide if you want to throw your taste buds a party. In any case, no matter what you order, the portions are generous.

My one disclaimer is that I've only been here on Friday afternoons (around lunch hour), so I can't speak to the weekend brunch/lunch wait. But I've never had to wait more than a few minutes to get seated when I come with my coworkers, and we're typically rolling with a fairly large group. And reminder, it is cash only, though there is an ATM on-site with a fee.
**want to clarify it wasn't the food that made him sick, he had the flu**

I've been here many times and always had a pleasant experience. However,  I went here over the weekend with my boyfriend. while we were there he started feeling very bad (he ended up having the flu). He tried using the bathroom but it was locked. He had to basically run from the back to the front of the restaurant to make it out the front door. He got sick right outside. He was extremely embarrassed but did not have any other options. A woman who worked there proceeded to walk out and yell at him as if he did it on purpose. He was so mortified that he just left. After a text from him, I asked for the check and headed to checkout. This is where I headed to the register to find the entire staff laughing at his expense. when I let them know that I was with him the woman ringing me up said- "well why didn't he try to go into the bathroom?" I let her know that it wasnt' available. Another girl even implied that he did it on purpose. I was then asked by my server "well I hope last night was fun, was it worth it?" - I let the entire staff know that he was not in fact, hungover, but actually quite sick. Although it was embarrassing for the both of us, and inconvenient for the restaurant, they are in the hospitality industry and probably shouldn't have yelled at one of their customers for being sick. They also shouldn't have assumed that he was drunk/hungover. And speaking about him infront of everyone, not knowing that I was with him was extremely rude.

I have always raved about this place. But i am so put off by their behavior over the weekend that I wont be returning and don't intend on ever telling anyone else to go here. while I do apologize to them for the unfortunate incident that happened at the restaurant, I do believe that their behavior was absolutely unacceptable.
Moms and I stopped in tiny Ants Pants Cafe for a late weekday breakfast. We sat down and were promptly greeted with coffee and menus. Although the breakfast selection isn't very large we found our favorites! My smoked salmon platter came with a big bagel but I preferred toast and they kindly obliged. Mom DEVOURED her spinach, goat cheese, and caramelized onion omelet which says a lot because she never finishes anything!  We had lots to chat about so we lingered a bit and our server was sweet and swift with coffee refills. 

This is a great spot to tuck into for a cozy bite. Make sure you get the inside seat along the wall...it's cushioned! But if you stop by and it's too crowded, you can get yours to go from the Quick Fix menu.
Well..this is one in our Brunch rotation, & I took my mom. We waited, Told us be ready, still waited. When we finally sat down, took our orders, got Sweet pot. fries, & gentleman, said it was on the House, since we waited sooo long. How nice!!!
My mom got Scrambled Eggs with dill & honey wheated toast, & my brunch buddy & I split the Dark chocolate & raspberry French toast with Iced Aussie coffee.Yumm.
"It's the Ants Pants!"

My go-to place for brunch. Yes, it's tiny but if you head there in the later hour (1 pm) there shouldn't be a wait. 

Some dishes are a little pricey, but it's all so wonderfully home-cooked, I think it's worth it. I've had the bacon/egg/cheese on a baguette, the BLAT (bacon/lettuce/avocado/tomato), and the cheddar/apple/bacon scramble. Holy cow. Awesome every time. 

You can sub turkey bacon for pork bacon, and sweet potato fries (heaven) for regular fries, too. (Which I highly recommend- Have you heard about that Smithfield nonsense lately? And the thick sweet potato fries are just the tits.)
I love brunch any time of the day so I'm so surprised I've never heard of this place before! I am seriously obsessed with the cozy vibe and super nice waiters they have at this little joint! I ordered two dishes and Maple Bacon was MY FAVORITE.... i cannot stop raving about it. It is literally everything you want for brunch in a sandwich form. It has the perfect texture and crunch to every bite. I also tried their latte and its pretty poppppping!

I will definitely be returning with more friends!

BTW this place is CASH ONLY! there is CVS right across the street so you can always get cash back if you forget ;)
Just love Ants Pants for breakfast. They have good, strong coffee and that's enough but they don't stop there. Swing by for breakfast - I usually get the Dill scrambled eggs - so light and fluffy - or the creme brulee french toast with the sweet, sacrilicious sour cream topping. I've tried just about all the breakfast items and they're all great. When you're choosing bread, though, go for the toasted Brioche. Awesome. It's a cozy little place so expect to wait if you go on a weekend afternoon. They used to be closed on one day of the week but I think they're open every day now. Free wifi too (but I've never seen anyone using it). There are a couple seats outside in the back. Park on South or south of South (not too bad during the day). While it's not cheap, it's not outrageous (about 7 or 8 bucks for each breakfast entree) and the service seals the deal: it's exemplary. But be prepared: cash only.
Ambience: the courtyard is small but cozy and preferable during warm weather versus the inside which tends to get a little cramped. 

Food: the food is delicious! My favorite dish for brunch is the vegetarian sweet potato hash. It consists of golden beets, grilled fennel and sunny side-up eggs with a horseradish ginger aioli that brings everything together is a way that's very satisfying to the palate.

Service: the staff are very friendly and accommodating; we didn't have to wait long for our food at all. 

I highly recommend this place!
A wonderful way to pop off a Sunday morning. I'm not a brunch person per se, but Ants Pants is a great spot in the 11-1 o'clock hours, given good company.

It's kind of squished in the seating area, which I think brings out its charm. Ants Pants has the best coffee on South Street, and a menu that satisfies breakfast and lunch tastes. Everybody speaks highly of their unique recipe for French Toast.

A great New York City-like cafe, that's low priced, hip, and worth returning to. Note: They're closed Tuesdays, which I think is great... though it's easy to forget.
I would love for this place to be a great brunch locale...especially because its across the street. But alas, Ants Pants, I can not give you more then 2 stars because the first time I ate here, you were out of...

(wait for it) 

BREAD.  

I mean REALLY?!?!  Bread? First you were out of bagels, then when we ordered a grilled cheese for the vegetarian at the table, you were like, 'sorry dude, no white bread either.' 

In the years since, I have at times begrudgingly gone back to you for brunch, mostly because proximity and connivence.  And on a midweek morning, you have served up some OK meals. And I do love your homemade potato chips (which a really fries, but whatever).  

2 Stars... Because you tried to give my dad Grilled Cheese on Honey Wheat.
I found this place by searching outdoor brunch places and I'm glad I did. I'm a big brunch person and in my opinion the food and place is better than Sabrina's, cafe lift, green eggs.

There was a previous review that mentioned to get the stack with avocado and I did. It was definitely heavenly and highly recommended.

Ask to sit in the backyard patio area. The place is smaller so I wouldn't suggest coming here with more than 4 people bc you might feel too tight. If your reading this and haven't been here yet you must!
The best place, all locals go to Phila. One of my favorite spots for Brunch ..love it. Creme bulee french toast, or sweet pot fries with chili dipping sauce-OMG!!
I had one specials, cinnamon crunch french toast , my Best friend & I got , it had graham crackers outside, for extra texture -& crunch to it..great, & their Aussie coffees.Yummy!! Small , quaint, but fabulous!!
Wow, what great find! Thank you Yelp for shining the light on such a wonderful spot for brunch. From bottomless coffee to extra crispy bacon this place has it all... I got the stack... crispy bacon piled on top of toasted white bread, arugula, fresh tomatoes topped off with a sunny side up egg and freshly grated cheese! Absolutely wonderful. I opted for extra crispy shoestring fries and do not regret my decision.

We went straight through the restaurant to the back patio which at one point made a very cute greenhouse! The service was great, the coffee plentiful and the food was delicious. Definitely a great find!

Keep in mind it is CASH ONLY and seems like many places are this was here. They do have an ATM inside but who likes using one of them.
Average. Cute cafe overall but small so be prepared to be sitting on top of each other. 
I got the avocado toast (with a poached egg, feta arugula & pickled onions) and a side of fruit. It was okay. Nothing over the top and I don't think it was worth $13. Kind of dry and lacked flavor. 
Don't think I would go back (id rather try something new)

Cash only!! (Which just annoys me in this day in age to be honest...)
this place is my absolute favorite place to get breakfast in the city! their food is phenomenal; i have never had something that was just OK here. Always look at their specials- they are always delicious and fresh and unique! and, if nothing else, PLEASE get the italian sausage sweet potato hash, it is perfect. also, i know some reviews said their service is lacking? but i beg to differ. they are ON THE BALL, all the time. yes, it gets busy and they have to rush a little, but we have never encountered anyone who wasn't friendly and polite.  

things to know: 
-this place is small so try to get there early if you really want to try it or be prepared to wait a little but isn't that how all the best breakfast spots are in the city...?
-it is cash only but there is an ATM in the restaurant
Finally came for breakfast on a weekday - this spot is usually packed on prime weekend brunch times. Delicious food with large portion sizes - one of my new favorite brunch spots in Philly.

Atmosphere: There's a small cafe with a few high chair seating available, and then an interior section with 20-25 seating spaces. We came in ~8:30am and it was very empty on a Tuesday morning. Friendly service and well spaced chairs. Cash only and BYO.

Food: You get a lot of their potatoes as part of the "hash" - which I loved. I ordered the Italian sausage hash and my sister got their eggs benedict, which also came with a lot of hash (including potatoes and sweet potatoes). The bottomless coffee for $3 is a steal too. The Italian sausage paired well with the eggs, though the sausage itself tasted a bit dry / unseasoned. The benedict was prepared very well!

Overall: 4/5 - A great option for brunch (on non-prime times) - my only complaint was that the Italian sausage was slightly dry, but I'd love to try their other brunch options!
I went today for the first time and had the dill scrambled eggs and feta. Coffee was superb, food was very good and fairly priced, and the staff was very nice and attentive.  The feel was also much better feel than the traditional Rittenhouse options (Marathon, Continental, etc).

On the downside I had to wait about 20 min for a table, but I did go at 1pm on a Sunday, the height of brunch I suppose.  Regardless, it is great to have a nice brunch spot on this end of the city without having to troop to Sabrina's each week.  I will definitely be going back!
This place is over priced, and the wait for food can be a bit long. But, I love their sweet potato fries and fresh OJ. Those are the reasons I keep coming back. One time when the fresh OJ was a little bitter, they even remade another OJ for us. What nice service. Everything else is fine but nothing special.
I'm a bit shocked that I haven't reviewed Ants Pants Cafe yet. It was one of the first places we went to after moving into the neighborhood and we've been back several times, always for breakfast. Our neighborhood is replete with great places for brunch but is lacking in early breakfast places, so we're thankful to have Ants Pants so close by.

The food has been consistently amazing. I am addicted to the Bacon Stack, which is a glorious pile of bacon, arugula, and tomatoes topped with a couple of eggs all on top of a thick slice of sourdough toast. I love that many of their breakfast dishes come with a side salad rather than potatoes making them a bit on the lighter side. That said, I highly recommend the side of sweet potato fries if you're feeling hungry. 

They often have delicious specials, so make sure you find out if they have any. The specials are the one thing that can often lure me away from the Bacon Stack.

Their coffee is among the best in town and that have some interesting "Aussie Drinks," such as the Flat White, which is a double espresso with steamed milk and a layer of froth. They also have housemade juices which are delicious.

Ants Pants is small and tight and gets crowded easily, especially when the weather prohibits use of the back porch. When it is crowded, the service can get pretty slow, but that's a good excuse to have more coffee!
Had a delicious breakfast this morning at ants pants. I had the turkey bacon stack, which was way too much turkey bacon with sunny side up eggs on sourdough, with a mixed green salad on the side. My mom had the goat cheese omelette. Both were great. The best though - the potato chip fries. Those were freaking delicious.
My girlfriend lives about a block away from this place.  We like to stop over in the mornings and grab a couple of dark coffees and egg and cheese rolls (so cheap and delicious and handy to eat! eggs! cheese! on a roll! wrapped in foil!).  Every once in a while if we wake up early enough we'll come in for brunch - must try the egg and bacon stack sandwich.
OK - anyplace where I can get a Flat White and wedges with Thai sweet chili sauce and sour cream gets high marks.  After living in New Zealand and Australia for a while, this place kinda feels like home... in a far away kind of way.  (And yes Kiwi's, I know the difference between the two countries.  I'm married to a Kiwi.)  But since no Kiwi's have stepped up to the plate - I have to rely on an Australian establishment.  

The food...  Not mind blowing, but again... wedges.  The eggs bennie are always great - eggs never over-done.   I head out to Ants Pants about once a month for brunch.  The servers are always pleasant and witty.   

PS - Go for the coffee and Tim Tams.   You won't regret it.
Very solid brunch and lunch location. Had the eggs with bacon, green apples and chips (thick cut real potato chips). Delicious and perfectly cooked!

Location is small but there's outdoor seating - 2 tables in front and some in back

Others:
-Service was super friendly
-Not crowded on a weekday at 1p
-Reasonable prices

Overall a great experience and I will be back! Sad they don't take reservations!
Just had an amazing breakfast here and I will definitely be back. 
To start, the staff, from those up front to the server we had, were all super friendly and welcoming. They gave the place a very homey feel and made you feel like a friend. 

We got coffee almost instantly while we looked over a menu that offered so many delicious sounding options that I would have taken all day to decide if I wasn't so hungry. I settled on a sandwich that was almost too good to be true - over easy eggs, ham, brie (swoon), avocado and tomato on toasted honey wheat bread. Seriously? Yes! My darling nephew enjoyed the oatmeal with raisins and granny smith apples and my BIL chose the standard eggs, bacon and toast. None of us were disappointed. I never order oatmeal when I'm out but I would consider ordering it here...I snuck a few bites from my boy and Boy, was it tasty. On our way out, we grabbed a chocolate chip muffin to bring home and it too was good - sweet and a great consistency. 

As we were leaving, it was definitely getting crowded so I'm thinking this is a place to get to early to grab a table inside when its chilly and out back when the weather turns. I am looking forward to that in the upcoming spring/summer months. This is a neighborhood gem that will be revisited soon!
A lot of ups, and some fixable downs.

Extremely crowded and small on a Sunday morning.  Yowza!  I was told that it was worth the wait, so we waited.

I asked for black tea but got green tea.  I saw how insanely busy the owner/server/main important guy was so I just dealt with it, but I was really more in the mood for tea with milk and sugar.  It was a 'meh' moment, but let's move on to the food...

I had the dill omelet and it came with fruit and toast.  Didn't really too much of the toast (wasn't really in the mood - maybe if it was crispier and had some butter on it?).  The omelet itself was full of fantastic flavors.  I never knew how much I liked dill until I mixed it with eggs!  The cheese and veggies added salt, freshness, and smoothness that I really desired on this morning.  I didn't really think the fruit was all that special but it did taste good - and there was a random heart-shaped strawberry, which is always adorable.

My dining companion had 'The Stack' and sweet potato fries.  I gave the fries three head nods and a stomach pat.  That means that after three different bites (with and without dipping sauces) I nodded in delight - and when the fries were gone - a 'yummy-in-my-tummy'-esque pat.  

(He basically dared me to put that in my review, so, here it is.)

Would I go back on a Sunday morning?  Definitely not.  If you don't like crowds, you wouldn't either.  :)  But I would go back at some other time for sure.
Delicious food.  Cool porch.  Killer coffee.  Ants Pants should be analogous for breakfast.

Pumpkin pancakes were perfect sized and deliciously crafted, my god where they good.  I almost ordered a second round just to stuff myself and enjoy the taste a bit longer.  I totally dug the back porch.  The Blue Mountain coffee was just right.  Food came out snappy.  My friendly waitress, Megan, was just as awesome as the pancakes.  

I keep hearing about the Creme Bruele french toast which I must try.  I can't wait to go back again.

Ants Pants, you are G Ho gold.   

(If you forgot your cash, they had an ATM)
The maple bacon is amazing! One of the best breakfast sandwiches I've ever had! If I ever come back to philly I will definitely be coming be coming back here to eat this meal one more time
Decent food, good service, awesome coffee.  I never regret going here, but I'm never that enthused with my meal either.
Totally fine if you're looking for someone else to make breakfast for you. And I could definitely do without the serious attitude from the servers, considering how basic and average the food is. Being snotty and inconsiderate doesn't actually make you cool, nor does it make your food any more interesting or tasty.

Also, don't go with a group larger than 4 people for weekend brunch - you'll wait for at least an hour and the servers will make you feel like you're totally in the way (it's admittedly a small place).

Best time to go is during the week for breakfast or lunch, they have a nice patio if the weather is good. But that's assuming you don't have a day job.
I know locals love and I have tried  but I just cannot. I find the food to be just fair and overpriced for a neighborhood spot.
Good coffee; good food.  HORRIBLE SERVICE.

Our waitress comes over, aks if we want to order.  When we don't respond with lightning speed, she snaps "I'll be back later" and walks off.

Our food eventually comes.  She puts it down.  Eyes us.  "So, do you want forks with that?"   Um, yes.  Yes we would, lady.  

Requests for more coffee had to be repeated 3x.  On seeing that our plates were (mostly) clear, the waitress grabbed them off the table without asking if we were done (we weren't).  

When leaving I get a coffee to go.  We leave without it, come back ten minutes later realizing the mistake.  I politely ask where it is.  "Over there.  I made it for you.  You left.  It's your fault."

She had left it sitting out, no lid, on top of the counter.  Normally I would have politely asked if they would mind re-making my $4 coffee, but I was so put off by the attitude at that point that I just left.

Anyway, I'm a brunch fanatic who doesn't mind iffy service--witness my mildly hungover Local 44 server last week.  Little spacy, no problem.  Rude AND incompetent?  ARGH.
I have been here for both brunch and dinner and it does not disappoint.  I love the small dining area and neighborhood atmosphere.  The coffees and juices are delicious and fresh.  Last weekend for brunch we ordered the sweet potato fries with the dipping sauces - delish!  And I had the sweet potato hash with sausage and bacon.  Really yummy and perfect portion.  My boyfriend got a sandwich which was supposed to be on a croissant but they ran out.  The brioche was just okay for him - cut slightly too thick.  The same for my friend who ordered the ham and brie sandwich - it was just too much bread in each bite.

Other than that, I think they have a great menu which caters to both the healthy and the hungover.  

For dinner, I ordered the burger which was cooked perfectly and served hot. I like the staff here - friendly and efficient.

Definitely a keeper!
Brunch party: husband and 4 other friends.  
Overall rating: Rushed brunch.

Ambiance: 3 stars cute but small
Staff: 3 stars nice but could be nicer
Food: 3 stars good but we all left hungry and wanting dessert
Latte: 5 stars yummy
Price: Cheap

NOTE Cash Only
This was one of my All-Time favorites! what has happened??!! OH How the mighty have fallen... After last time I came & service was slow, sweet potato fries were burnt, I went to one of my other favorites for whole summer. We decided to change it up, go here. Course it was busy we sat up front. Our french toast was good, but they can't seem to get the Sweet Potato fries right. This time it was mushy!!! WTH??!! Clumped together, If I wanted mash Sweet potatoes, would have asked for it, but then again probably get deep fried..UGHH!! such a disappointment for a place I held close to my heart!! They better get on the ball, quality & service is just not up to par...doesnt seem like its getting better either!!!
Long waits for our table/menus/food/the bill, plus tim-tams missing from the menu made the beautiful Sunday spent in the back courtyard at Ants Pants a little lackluster. Up your game!
After a fun night out, my friends and I were in need of some serious brunch the next morning. I stop in to Ants Pants every so often for coffee but have gotten brunch here twice. I thought it would be the perfect place for us to get our fix!

We arrived around 11 am on a Friday morning, trying to beat the afternoon rush and were seated right away. Our server was great, explained the menu and what they're most known for, and immediately brought us over coffee, water, and OJ (the fresh squeezed juices here are amazing!). We were all craving something savory, although I've had the pancakes here in the past and as a brunch enthusiast, I can assure you they are some of the best in the city. 

I ended up ordering the Eggs Benedict. The hollandaise sauce was rich and tasty but not too overwhelming and the eggs were poached to perfection! My friends thoroughly enjoyed their maple bacon and croissant sandwiches as well. Ants Pants has easily become one of my go-to brunch places: reasonably priced, wonderful service, amazing food and coffee...what else do you need?!
I was looking for a delicious sandwich and I found it at Ants Pants Cafe. The #7 Smoked Turkey, Avocado and Brie on Brioche was a stellar sandwich. 

I want to come back for brunch and try the Creme Brule French Toast.
Great little brunch place. There's a couple tables on the sidewalk but there's a great seating area out back too, that is covered and sheltered a little from the weather, but in the sun after while it gets a little warm. It is pretty adorable and there are plants so I'd recommend it if the temperature isn't boiling. I can't remember what I got a couple months ago but I remember it was good and have been meaning to go back for awhile.

 The dill scrambled eggs are delicious, and Phil H got the Hawaiian Benedict and loved the addition of grilled pineapple to the traditional Benedict. We got our food really fast, which may have been because we got there early and the rush came after we'd already gotten the food. I love the brunch list, there are really interesting takes on traditional brunch fare. So far I've only eaten brunch here but I definitely want to try their lunch and dinner stuff sometime.
If you're a Brie lover, this place is for you. This is my favorite brunch/breakfast place in center city. Avoid the lines at Sabrina's and come here instead. It's BYOB so you can serve yourself mimosas. My favorite items on the menu are the egg, ham, and Brie as well as the Brie scrambled. The sweet items like the stuffed French toast is very good as well. There's indoor seating as well as outdoor seating in a covered patio, but that gets pretty warm. Be prepared to wait in line about 10 minutes on weekends, but the queue moves quickly. Grab a coffee while you wait! Word of caution though, this place is cash only.
Here twice now.

Parking: meter, not a problem.

Wait: none.

Coffee: fantastic

Food: Tre Bien. Had the Dill Feta Omelet, MMM. Mum had the Brekker & Eggs.. good.  Love the bread. 

Like the Aussie flair.. could use more. More Australian dishes please! Not overboard, just more to stand out. Hell, I would hire only Australians with thick accents. The waiter was attentive and good, no probs there.   

Very cramped, but can be cozy.
I came here recently with my gf for brunch.  The place was small and the seating process was poor and inefficient.  There was a line when we got there with parties all greater than 2.  There were two empty seats by the counter at the window so we went up to ask the cashier if we could sit there.  She kinda ignored us and told us someone would help us.  A few minutes later, she offered the lady standing in line behind us something to drink and gave her some water.  Hello?!  We've been waiting for a while....why didn't you offer us or the other 10 people in line something to drink while we waited?   We waited for 20 mins only to get seated at the window in the 2 empty spots that we had inquired about.  At least the gentleman that seated us (our waiter) was super nice and quick about getting us our food. I ordered the Salmon Platter and it was pretty good.  Please note, if you get the Salmon Platter, do not get it with brioche.  My brioche was toasted and so crumbly that I kept coughing and choking on it. I had to constantly wash it down with my coffee.  My gf wasn't enjoying her meal and said it was just okay.  

Overall the food was okay probably something you could make at home and the service was not so great.  The cashier lady was rude and didn't even greet us.  Though she was surprisingly very nice when we went up to pay for our meal.  She even had the courage to ask us how our meal/visit was....

I've experience better food and service.  Maybe if the place wasn't so crowded, the service would've been better.  Two starts for the nice gentleman that waited and seated us....
The food was good.  The coffee is strong.  The service was not very attentive.  It was a bit slow, and we never got a refill on our coffee with breakfast.  We heard the other waiter ask his table if they wanted more, but we could never find our waiter.  It was busy, but the other waiter's tables seemed okay.

The custard donut is a fried piece of heaven.  The custard was eggy and delicious.  We tried a bagel with Vegemite (this being an Aussie restaurant, we wanted something distinctly Australian).  It was a bit harsh to me, maybe an acquired taste.  The egg scrambles were good, with fresh ingredients like dill and spinach and granny smith apples.

I'd give it a try again, but at a less-busy time than Sunday brunch.

UPDATE:  Two more visits, and still mediocre service.  The food was well-prepared and tasty (loved the potato chip fries!), but it's been removed from my brunch list.  Once our meals were delivered, our server never returned.  No refills on coffee or water.  No checking in on us.  The place is pretty small, so it's hard to miss a table.  We had to flag someone down when we needed something (there was a problem with our order).  Service isn't awful, but for a $9 breakfast, I expect a bit more.
Ok.  So over the past couple of visits you guys have gotten your act together and are consistently putting out a good meal and great coffee.  Cheers!
First thing's first to all you paper haters - BRING CASH MONEY! If you forget there's an ATM inside. I came at 11:30 on a Monday and no line. #win. 

Great service, clean inside BUT overrated food. Then again I only ordered one dish that the waiter recommended so take this with a grain of salt. Maybe I set too high of expectations due to Yelp reviews - i missed breakfast fo thissss

-Maple Bacon with string fries ($12): red onions, arugula, fried egg, maple bacon and garlic aioli on a baguette . To be honest this was average. The portion size was large but nothing stood out. Surprised this is the most popular dish as it was bland.

Would I come back again? Maybe if there are no lines to try out the second most popular dish - the hashes

Random fact - the restroom is SWANKY AF. I wonder what they hide in that locked box though?
Missing Australia while living on the east coast... come to the Ants Pants for some brekkie... why? Because its the Ants Pants!

We had straberry cream cheese french otast, awesome! and an omlette. The staff was super cool and chill, I kind of felt like I was in Coogie or Venice Beach, CA... very cool, woudl definitely revisit if I ever go back to Philly again.
Good food...great coffee. Have to be there at non-normal hours because the dining room is small.
Delicious food! Great gluten free options. I had the Brie scramble with home chips. Coming early beats the brunch rush!
Cute neighborhood find where you can enjoy great coffee and good food.

Came here a few months ago with a friend for a weekday lunch but never got around to finish posting!

Ambiance: Cozy but small space so beware if you are trying to bring big groups. When it's warm the outdoor seating in the back is quite nice. Has the feel that you can just hang out and read during it's off-peak brunch/lunch hours, especially if you can snag that corner bench nook with some cushions!

Service: Our waiter was friendly and indulged us in some witty banter. I can see it getting a bit hectic when it's a full house.

Food: Mixed review with some pros and cons. Their scrambled eggs with apple and bacon were scrumptious! However, their creme brulee french toast was a bit dry for our likin'. But that's just our personal preference. Their fries were great! Something between a potato chip and a french fry, like a potato chip fry. Crispy but with some good fluffy potato substance. 

Drinks: Espresso drinks were well done. I'm obsessed with good froth in my cappuccino and this place hit the nail on the head.

Overall, I'll swing by again during a slow hour to enjoy a drink and maybe lunch with a friend or a good book.
I was expecting a fresh brunch experience on the level of "honeys" what we got was a crowded sand which shop, where no thrills; usually a way to describe quality simplicity, meant nothing was thrilling. Dry bread sandwiches, not exactly overflowing with anything really, pasta salad which was seven pene with diced carrots and green pepper. I was less than impressed, my friends were actually unsatisfied. i am surprised by how positive the reviews are for this spot, seems like you could whip up a better brunch with whatever in your fridge. Also you get to wait 20 minutes, after your told just a few. Should not have.
This place was fine...not great, not even good but fine.  I don't really want my restaurants to be cute, but I do want the food to be filling, I left still hungry. The coffee was amazing though, if I lived closer, this would definitely be high up on my list as a morning coffee shops, just not a breakfast place.
The ambiance and management is EXTREMLY inviting and has fresh farm ingredients in there meals! Nice filling food and great ice coffee!!!
Great brunch spot!
Whatever you do, do it with a side of sweet potato tots! I'm normally not a tot gal myself but these tots changed me - perfectly crunchy, hot and slightly sweet. 
We got the special which was a egg and sausag scramble with fennel and onion and that was very very tasty. The roll it came on was good but took up too much space away from the other delicious things in my tummy:)
The dirty chai was beautifully done as well
VISIT HISTORY: 
- Last visit: this morning around 11am for a boozy brunch with a friend
- Frequency: 3-4x (with a former SO as brunch date, causal group brunch when Honey's line was comparatively longer etc)
- Next visit? probably next time when I want an awesome brunch but feel lazy to travel far from my place. There's also one on 4th that I'd like to check out.


FOODRINK:
- We sat out to get one plate of sweet and one plate of savory and share our foods. I recommend doing this if youre inclined to sharing dishes. 
- Brie stuffed french toast with apricot glaze: pleasantly surprised by how fluffy and balanced it was. It wasn't overly sweet or soggy like some french toast. The apricot glaze is the true MVP in this plate or else it would be the mundane. Wished there was more brie or that it was more evenly distributed but I am also a cheese fanatic. I finished this so quickly and would definitely get this again. 
- Spinach, goat cheese, caramelized onions omelette & fresh fruit: this was our savory. A bit disappointing. The presentation is mediocre at best. Wanted the caramelized onions to pop in the palate. Overheard a comment that this could easily be made at home and with a saddened heart,. I must agree. I wanted to really like it but it only served as to provide me with protein rather than a palate delight. 
- Fresh fruit: fresh indeed. Sometimes the honeydew or the cantalope is more on the raw end but not this lil fruity plate 
- OJ: provided for our mimosa. It's authentic fresh squeeze OJ that upgraded our cheap champagne to fancy shmancy level 
- Menu: had fun facts about Australia. I learned more about the country than I could have ever wanted or care for. 
- Reasonably priced for the quality and quantity

VIBE: 
- A very vibrant and colorful place
- A lot of fun paintings 
- Cozy & casual. Feels like an extension of someone's house  
- Helpful waiter with a red flannel 
- Indoor and kindaaa outdoor place in the back 
- Wait time for food arrival: 8 minutes 30 seconds.
- Wait time for check arrival: 1 minute 

**TIPS**
- BYOB 
- ca$$h only
After overhearing some people rave about Ants Pants in my pilates class, I checked it out last Sunday with a friend for brunch. At 12:30pm on Sunday, the wait for 2 people was roughly 20 minutes, a bit more if you want to sit at a table and not at the bar seats. It's a tiny place, so a short line to wait can still take some time.

The menu has a small but fun brunch menu with good egg-y options as well as a decent sandwich menu for lunch offerings. The signature iced coffee drinks are a must if you want some caffeine as they are topped with the biggest dollop of sweet cream ever.

Rather than my usual egg-inclusive brunch, I opted for the bagel/smoked salmon platter with dill cream cheese, tomatoes, capers, and onions - yum! The sweet potato fries were also great. I didn't try enough to really know how they fare in some of their other staples, but overall everything else looked delicious.

Final thoughts...
Cute, quirky Australian cafe in Graduate Hospital area worth checking out for brunch or lunch as long as you're not in a hurry and don't mind small spaces. Oh, and if you are in a rush, the to-go options seem pretty good too.
We just went to Ant's Pants for dinner and man, it was awesome. 
We love going to Ant's Pants for breakfast and coffee. 
-It's the best coffee in the city hands down (take that La Colombe). 
-The breakfast is delish. My fave's are the brekky platter and the spinach, goat cheese & caramelized onion omelette.
-The dinner was so DELICIOUS. It is so wonderful to have another option for dinner in the neighborhood. They said that they can do take out and possibly delivery in the future (yes please!). 
We had the maple bacon sandwich (YUM!) & the Aussie Burger (my husband said it was one of the best things he's eaten in a long time). We brought our two kids and it couldn't have been more welcoming and inviting. 
We loved it in the morning, now we love it in the evening!
Thank you Ant's Pants for keeping the nabe happy, caffeinated and sated.
Cute place but small seating. The wait for a table is generally about 30-40 min for a small group on Sunday brunch. However, after you order the wait for your food is is actually quite long (30 min for 4 people). 
There's a cute Australian flair but it has typical brunch faire -- eggs Benedict, French toast, hash. I always get the Italian sausage sweet potato hash with spicy mayo because it's the best on the menu. 
Be warned -- their mediocre coffee is $3! Get the flat white which is $3.20.
Ants Pants now has dinner, but brunch is still their strong suit.

Like breakfast all our food came out at once instead of our salad coming out first and then our entree. Our table was a two top, and here we were with a three large plates and two small plates and two glasses! Not to mention my friend and I are both klutzes this was a recipe for a disaster waiting to happen. 

Our beetroot salad was great and I am going to start frying capers and putting them on everything. The eggplant fries were greasy and not my idea, but my friend really wanted to try them. They were worth trying so we know not to get them again. We shared the fish tacos and they were incredible. Perfect fish, homemade corn tortillas that kinda fall apart, but in a good way and amazing fresh pineapple jalapeño salsa. 

I will definitely be back for the fish tacos, but can skip the eggplant fries!
