In the constant search for that "perfect dish" with the freshest ingredients being used, it has been a challenge well worth experiencing. Exploring almost all of Philadelphia, this beautiful city, along with the outskirts for that one perfect Mediterranean/Middle Eastern dish has been an adventure. Mind you this hasn't been easy , some have also been costly in our expedition. With the establishments I (we) have been to in and around the city, our taste buds have experienced the great, down to the sub par. 

This has all come to fruition my friends with Apricot Stone being in Northern Liberties. I want to thank Sari, my partner in crime in joining me on this savory journey. 

Apricot Stone is literally a "hidden gem" located in Northern Liberties of all places. Not that I have anything against No. Libs. mind you. We came here one night for dinner and we immediately knew we had to come back .  

If you decide to come here for dinner you will be amazed, or if you decide on brunch you'll be overwhelmed by it. It is pretty safe to say you'd be in an euphoric bliss in which ever route you decide on.  Enough of the explaining, let me show you what I enjoyed with dinner along with brunch.  I also want to point out their hummus is the best I have ever tasted, Zahav is a close second in my opinion.  

Dinner: 
Kebab Tasting plate~ I highly recommend if you were to go for dinner. This is where you choose 3 items along with a dip to enjoy and a salad. The dish I had prepared consisted of : Chicken shawarma, falafel, lamb kebab were my main. My dip and salad were an eggplant salsa to go with an Israeli salad that which consisted of tomatoes and cucumbers in a homemade dressing. This is not a small plate by the way, our dishes were over flowing, with a ridiculous cost of $15.00. No that is not a typo, for $15 dollars you'll be enjoying an amazing dinner. 

Now onto Sunday brunch where we  could hardly contain ourselves, knowing what is ahead of us.  Sunday Funday  is upon us, and why not share our enjoyment with another Yelper that we all know and love with Mariella S. Pop that bottle, bring on the mimosas because this will definitely put you at full tilt. My brunch, which was another over flowing dish by the way. This is also a considered a "Chefs tasting menu" for a whopping $20.00 dollars. Shhhh I know, now please read on. 
 
*Mamounia~ This is a very sweet dish that is a cream of wheat, made with pistachio with their homemade cheese. A little too sweet for me, but still very good. 
*Zakhtar bread~ This is a flatbread that has been covered with their herbs and spices that has a crunchy flavorful taste to it .   
*Khachapri~ This is a dish that is bad ass, that needs to be ordered. It is their own homemade dough shaped like a boat stuffed with cheese that has been baked with an egg sunny side up over top. Bruh.. UHHH-maz-ING, this is what I consider winning all day.
*Falafel salad~ One larger than life falafel over a bed of lettuce mixed with cucumbers and tomatoes. 
*Apricot Crumb Cake~ Like we could eat any more , they push it to the limit with this. An apricot jam filled crumb cake that will have you screaming obscenities, that's how good it is.  

The space may not be big, but what they do is utilize the space they do have. Almost to the point where it would feel like you are sitting at home.  A  comforting atmosphere with also outside seating if you would like to dine alfresco. 

I also want to thank Susan G.(former Yelper) for pointing me in the direction of  this phenomenal restaurant.  Everyone should find the time , and simply take in one of or better yet all of their amazing dishes. I still want to try their well known Baklava with walnuts , the last 2 times I (we) have been in there, they have been sold out.  

I plan on coming back to this gem of all gems, so get ready Mrs. Fimy. Also if you could put aside a piece of the baklava I would greatly appreciate it, I'll even call ahead of time.
YUUUUUUUUUUUUUUM.

I ordered take-out from apricotstone, and the portions and flavors were insane. I ordered the Chicken Shawarma platter, and it was easily two meals! The baba ghanoush was among the best I've ever had, and the greek salad was the perfect ratio of lettuce, feta, olives (with pits!! be careful!), and house dressing. The chicken was juicy and perfectly marinated. There was so much meat, my to-go box must have weighed a pound or more! I could only eat about half of the chicken before I was stuffed, which meant I got to eat more the next day (winner, winner chicken dinner!) The whole thing cost about $18. A little pricey, but worth it for a different take on take-out than pizza or cheesesteaks. 

While I didn't dine-in, I'd be keen to go back. The ambiance was cozy and dim, and while small inside, there was the option for candle lit outdoor dining on the front pathway. It's perfectly quaint, laid-back and delicious. This is the type of spot I'd feel comfortable popping a bottle of wine and chatting all night. 

If nothing else, I'll be back for the baklava....I'll be bak-lava. (I'm so funny to me)
I have had Apricot Stone bookmarked since they opened six months ago. We tried to get over there a couple of times but we never quite made it. Recent reviews by Yelp friends Sari A, and Nando F. made me finally get the wheels in motion.

We went to Apricot Stone on a hot, humid and intermittent rainy Sunday. I was able to find parking about 2 blocks away and it is always a good omen when I nail the parallel parking in a tight spot on one shot. Usually that takes several attempts and can be embarrassing. The restaurant itself is smaller then I imagined. There is at most seating for twenty inside. There is outdoor seating available also but not on this day because of the rain. The interior is simple, bright and clean and has framed photographs on the wall.

This review is only for brunch as that is all Apricot Stone offers on Sunday. The brunch is $20.00 prix fixed and includes 5 courses and also included coffee and orange juice. The food we had was excellent, it all was extremely fresh and made to order. Basically the five courses included a warm dish, a bread, an egg dish, a green or salad and dessert. I chose the Mamounia, which was similar to a sweet oatmeal but 1000 times more delicious. Then came Zakhatr bread and Falafel salad. Both of these dishes were a good size and had excellent flavors. My egg dish was Khachapuri a dish of homemade dough, cheeses and egg. This was also really, really good and I would reorder again and again. For dessert they gave us an excellent Baklava, a macaroon and another pastry. These were all pretty special.

Service was very attentive and we felt relaxed. On this day there was only one server, but he did a great job and did his best taking care of off of Apricot Stone's customers. Apricot Stone is BYOB and there were some tables having Mimosas and such. We did not partake in alcohol and I was very glad as I could barely move after so much food. If I had a few mimosas, I would need to find a bench nearby to take a quick nap. As it was, we walked around Northern Libs a bit before we felt we were ready to get back in the car

Apricot Stone lived up to the hype and I will be back soon to try the dinner menu.
5 Yelp stars!
Lentils, grape leaves, falafel platter, spanakopita, lentil soup, and kabobs...YUM! Apricotstone, the tiny BYOB in a Northern Liberties is worthy of all the hype. It's absolutely delicious, completely authentic, family-owned and run, priced fair, and your meal comes with excellent service.

Our first visit was on a chilly night and the cozy place was just perfect. The food was so tasty. Each dish I mentioned above was more flavorful than the next. The falafel was a perfect consistency and accompanied appropriately. Even simple lentils were great. The grape leaves and spanakopita were some of the best I've ever had. The owner's son who was our kind, informative and attentive waiter told me they would be the best I've had and he wasn't wrong! 

We were all thrilled with our meals and will be returning. If you're a fan of Middle Eastern cuisine, a visit here is a must!

They also hosts Sunday brunch and have tables outside in warmer weather. 

*Not suitable for large parties.
*Dont forget those bottles!
Few reasons, Apricot Stone shouldn't be lower than a 5:

- This isn't your average Middle Eastern restaurant. This is everything I, you and everyone obsessed with ethnic food, for less. Take it from a Middle Easterner.

- There's more to Mediterranean cuisine than you think, including proper Middle Eastern/ Armenian brunch. 
P.S: Brunch is always a good idea. Specially if it was $20 per person for 5 items served with complementary coffee. 
P.P.S: Bring your champagne, and they you'll give you your Orange juice- complementary! If you forget your bubbly, don't sweat it, a liquor store is literally two blocks away. 

- As a die-hard coffee-drinker, I had to indulge in a cup of Armenian coffee, my first Armenian coffee cup. It was a nice treat. In my opinion, the coffee wasn't too strong compared to espresso, but slightly weaker compared to Turkish coffee, or Arabic coffee (Egyptian way). 

- If you haven't tried it yet, you probably should know that NOW is the time to try zakhtar bread- or as we, Arab People, call it zaatar manakeesh. That is a Middle Eastern, mainly Lebanese, fresh flat bread topped with traditional dried herbs ( and to my knowledge it's a blend of sesame seed, thyme & oregano). Good stuff!

- Since I'm a big advocate for food that I can't pronounce (don't ask!), I had to give khachapuri a try. It was one pleasurable hard-to pronounce dish I have eaten in a while. Just a simple, traditional Georgian dish. Made of egg, cheese and bread, and it was eggy, cheesy and bready. Simply, was Eggcellent and pretty. It was even worth Instagraming it, Yelpers.

- Falafel? More like full-of-fail. These falafel were definitely full of flavor(tasty), and didn't fail in size(huge). Get them as a part of your lunch/dinner tasting platter, or brunch falafel salad.

- Get the the Apricot jam crumb cake for dessert, and after one bite, there will be no crumbs left.
- If you are a healthy foodie, there's on shortage of choices on the menu. I guarantee that no would argue that Kabab is so deliciously flavored and is a big part of the Middle East cuisine. I tried chicken shawarma, luleh kebab and falafel in my tasting platter. All were Fan·Tas·Tic. The platter also came with pita bread, and a side of my choice of salad( I had fattoush: basic said with toasted pita), some rice, and my choice of side dip which was babaganoush. I gotta tell you, if have to pick one dish only at this restaurant, let it be babaganoush. Trust me. It was exactly how I like it, rich, smoky, and creamy. 
Seriously, If you ever have one bite, you'll come back for the second, and the third, and the trillion time.

Without a doubt, if it wasn't for Nando F, I would have not know about this great spot. Thank you Nando for being a good friend at times, and the other times as well. 

(Now, was there a Pokemon spot over there ;)
Four and three quarter Yelps.
Great food - CHECK.
Outside seating complete with twinkling lights - CHECK.
Fantastic location - CHECK.
byob - CHECK.
This place literally checks all the boxes! 

First off, the chef is from Aleppo, and grew up learning to cook from her mother - you can taste the attention to details, spices, and tradition in these dishes.  After working in farmers markets for years, Apricotstone is Chef Fimy's newest project, only opening in 2016.  The food is technically Mediterranean, Armenian, and Middle eastern, which is why we get beautiful dishes full of flavor, with special offerings that aren't usually found on a strictly Greek or Mediterranean restaurant.  

I came here with the family on Saturday night (a large party - 9 people), having made reservations well in advance.  We were seated promptly at 7:30, but we were upgraded to sitting outside (always an upgrade in my book!) since the weather was perfect, sky was clear, and the twinkling lights outside really added to the ambiance.  We were pleasantly surprised by this! 

Service was a bit slow, unfortunately. They seemed very busy, which is a wonderful thing for the restaurant, but it was about 15 minutes before our waitress came over to provide water glasses (and water), wine glasses, and ask if we wanted to place an order.  Thankfully at this point, we had all decided what we wanted and put in our orders.  The food came out slowly, but when it came it, it was delicious!

To start, we wanted some spreads for the table - our server helped us figure out what to order, and suggested doing the dip trio for $12, so we ordered two.  We chose the 
:: hummus - chickpeas, tahini, olive oil
:: babaganoush - grilled eggplant, tahini, olive oil 
:: muhamara - roasted red peppers and walnuts 
All three dips were really good, but especially the muhamara, this was amazing - crunchy from the walnuts, but zingy from peppers - YUM!  The dips were served with pita chips, which were crunchy and good, but we would have preferred warm pita for dipping.

For dinner, my husband and I shared two dishes (surprise, surprise) the filet kebab and the luleh kebab.  Each plate came with rice pilaf, a side salad - greek for him, and israeli for me - and a choice of dip - babaganoush for him and the jajukh (an Armenian yogurt dip, similar to tzatziki).  The plates were phenomenal, the Luleh was amazing, it's similar to Kafka, ground beef/lamb with onions and spices - really good!  The filet was bomb.com, super tender, flavorful, cooked perfectly - YUM! The vegetables from the Israeli salad were very fresh and expertly seasoned - you bet I gobbled all of it up.

It was a family affair so we decided to share a couple desserts.  My husband wanted the gatnabur (armenian rice pudding), but I had my eye on the baklava.  Being a big fan of making my own (pretty damn good) baklava, I always feel a bit underwhelmed when I order baklava from restaurants - but I decided to give it a go.  Oh man - this is good stuff!  This baklava is made with walnuts, and is completely delicious!  Layers of filo dough, sweet honey baked into each layer, not too much nutmeg.... slam dunk.  I must admit, this is one of the best baklava I've ordered - I wish I had some right now!

Additionally, did I mention that the prices here are SUPER awesome - dinner entrees range from $17-$19 for the plates my husband and I ordered (there's a $21 mixed plate offering too, if you're feeling lucky).  There's also a 'dinner for 2' offering for $55 consisting of:
- a Dip trio 
- Stuffed grape leaves
- Spanakopita & Cheese boreg
- Falafel
- Lamb or Filet Kebab Skewer
- Chicken, Luleh Kebab, or Shawarma
- Choice of dessert
That's a TON of food for $55 - I think there's a date night here calling our name soon!  Can't wait to check out that special!

*If we could award 1/2 stars, this would be a 4.5 rating due to some of the service related issues - however, I can't bump it down to 4.0 stars - it was too good.  Resolving this would definitely improve this experience, but nothing can stop me from coming back.  A phenomenal dinner in a great part of town - my new favorite mediterranean spot!
The aromas of delicious grilled meats emanating from Apricot Stone would make you salivate. You can smell it from blocks away. I don't know how it took us so long to finally come here, when we have been tempted by the smells wafting over while chilling on the roof on so many Saturday afternoons. 

Anyway, we finally made reservations for dinner last week during Restaurant Week.

For the first course, we chose the eggplant salsa and the Eech. The eggplant salsa was refreshing and acted as a nice palate cleanser but was just ok. My husband had the Eech, which is a grain, kinda like a couscous, cooked in tomato paste - flavorful and quite tasty.

For the second course, we shared the Khnkali Dumplings and the Jingyalov Hats. Both of which we enjoyed. The Khnkali Dumplings reminded me of a soup dumpling but with much thicker dumpling skin. The Jingyalov Hat is a flatbread filled with green veggies and herbs. And if you ever watch that picnic episode on Worth It (Buzzfeed web series), you know what I'm talking about. It was cool trying it for the first time. Very delicious and very healthy as well.

For the third course, my husband ordered the lamb shank, and I really wanted to as well. But thought I would get the Bamia so we can have variety and try more things. The Bamia was a tomato-based beef stew with lots of okra. Don't get me wrong, the Bamia was good and I can imagine it would be perfect for a cold night, but after tasting a piece of that huge lamb shank that was grilled to perfection, I was really kicking myself for not ordering it. Hellooo, the "Mediterranean Grill" is in the name for a reason. 

Overall, it was a great dinner, and I hope they will bring back the lamb shank even after Restaurant Week is over. We are definitely coming back to dine and for takeout.
I hesitate to give this place a good review because I want it to remain a hidden gem. Bottom line: this place is awesome. If you live in the hood, go there. Get the lamb. I cannot pronounce much less spell most of the dishes but every single one I've had there makes me sad when it is finished. The staff is attentive and the chef is authentic. You will not be sorry you tried it.
Glad we came here! This is a legit family owned business. Our waiters' mother was the chef! Her food was definitely authentic and delicious!! Highly recommend. Plus hookah bar very close by to this restaurant. Parking was free in the large gravel lot on Germantown and 2nd street... (Edit: Parking in gravel now only reserved/bought out for Wahlburger Restaurant) ...Outdoor seating had heater lamps, a plus! Indoor seating was a bit small, although very full and lively! Good luck to this little gem!
I'm a falafel FREAK so going to apricotstone has been on my Philadelphia bucket list almost since it opened. The space is right on Liberties Walk in Northern Liberties conveniently by the Piazza and a giant free parking lot. 

I met up with my favorite pair of yelpers for a casual dinner so we discuss our plans for a trip we are taking. The small dining room was great for facilitating a conversation without having to scream over anyone. We were seated pretty quickly for are reservation. Since it's BYOB, we brought beers to accompany our meals.

The menu is relatively small but offers plenty of options for meat eaters and vegan alike. As a vegetarian, I went with the falafel platter with jajukh, israeli salad, and a whole wheat pita. The platter also comes with rice pilaf with tiny delicious noodles. Once our meal came, we didn't get much planning done because we were all too busy chowing down! The creamy, cooling jajukh mixed perfectly with the crispy falafel while the freshness of the salad just upped the flavor. I put everything into the pita to make a sort-of-sandwich. I ate til I was stuffed and there was still an entire falafel ball which I took home for a late night snack. 

Definitely an awesome spot to hit up in due to it's deliciousness and huge portion size. I will definitely be back!
Perfect spot for Middle Eastern/Armenian food in Northern Liberties! Owner and server were attentive and friendly. We ordered the chicken kabob and luleh platters and you could tell the food was made fresh with the best ingredients. The baklava was rich and sweet, perfect with a cup of coffee and ending to a good meal. 

Great addition to the area! Conveniently located and plenty of free parking on the street or in the Piazza dirt lot. I'm definitely going back!
When you're going to a going away dinner for someone as special and well liked within the Philly Yelp community as Sari A., you need to do it in a restaurant that's as communal as it is cultural. And for both I really don't think we could have gathered in a better spot than apricotstone!

For a couple of years I've known about apricotstone being a kebob haven that runs the gamut of Mediterranean cuisines, even more so than most since Chef Filmy previously had an impeccable spot inside Narberth's Albrecht's Farmer's Market. And marveling over the delicious looking entrees that friends had posted on Instagram had me craving a bite! So when Sari had mentioned it as a possibility for her last big gathering among friends before heading to Charlotte, I was all in, and was thrilled to see that it delivered a win!

apricotstone is one of those delightful places where I would have been content with going into my delicious comfort zome of ordering staples like babaganoush, spanakopita, falafel, and lamb kebab. But it also opened my eyes to wonderful dishes like the muhamara roasted red pepper and walnut dip, the multiple cheeses within the cheese boreg phyllo dough pastry, and the skewered ground beef of the Luleh Kebab. But whether you want to go with the familiar, or prefer to branch out towards something new, its incredibly easy to do both by picking up the kebab tasting platter that allows you to order 3 different proteins, one dip, and one salad for just $15.

Despite us being a table of 15 apricotstone managed to deliver impeccable service, knew when to open bottles that we brought over to share, and give spot on recommendations when requested. Add that up with the impeccable food, and I can't think of a better spot to go to for BYOBing and enjoying Mediterranean food on a budget among friends!
I absolutely loved my brunch. It was delicious. So why only three stars?

First we were told we had to go inside to get our own coffee - he literally would not bring it to us. And it was served in Styrofoam cups - it's 2016 and the planet is basically on fire - let's please do better and give us a proper cup of coffee!

Then when I asked for some ice water he said he would bring us bottles. I said tap is fine and he said "it's easier for me to just give you bottles of water." Lazy and bizarre, and, again, slowly killing the planet.

If this place cleans up its environmental missteps I would gladly give it 5 stars. Really enjoyed my authentic Armenian brunch, but hope my comments may spark some small changes!
We've had good Mediterranean food, and then we had GREAT Mediterranean food from Apricot Stone. Easy to order over the phone and the service was super quick. Phone to pick up, to mouth in under 25 minutes. Tucked into an ally in Northern Liberties, Apricot Stone is your go to place for fresh ANYTHING on their menu. 

What we snagged: 
-Falafel Plate
-Filet Plate 

Both plates come with rice pilaf and your choice of salad, pita (white/wheat), and sauce. SO much food we had enough for lunch the next day. Looking forward to post Covid to join them outside or inside. They're BYOB too. Even better. 100% will be ordering again during Covid and you should too.
I can't think of a better value for really solid, sit-down Mediterranean cuisine in Philadelphia. The platters are the way to go - for around $15, you get a solid portion of beautifully-cooked protein, rice pilaf, choice of salad and dip, and pita. It's a ton of food, and so delicious. I also like that they add fresh fruits or cucumbers (varies by day) to the water they serve. Philly tap water is gross and that helps so much to make it refreshing and tasty.

The last time I dined here was with a massive group (and it's a very small place) and they handled it like champs. BYO!
So there's only so many times I can look at Nando's delicious food all over social media and not get some for myself! I'm so glad he scouted out is fabulous location for me because I certainly would not have found it on my own.
I'm not a huge Mediterranean food fan-mostly because of the prevalence of unwanted olive encounters-so I played it a little safe here.  I first tried the spanakopita which was so perfect! Flaky, hot, and delicious. For $2.50 you must give it a try.
Next on my list was stuffed grape leaves.  I've had these from other establishments and they usually are bitter, bordering on inedible. But not here my friends! They were so tasty and not bitter at all.  This was the stand out item for me and I'm already daydreaming about my next order. 
For the main event I got a falafel platter with hummus and Israeli salad.  The falafel was better than falafel I've ever had anywhere else, as was the hummus. The salad was a flavorful blend of tomatoes, onions, and other stuff. Slap all the aforementioned ingredients on the delicious pita bread and you're in business! 
On top of all this deliciousness the service was lovely and the price is beyond reasonable. I can't wait to plan my next trip here and start expanding my apricot stone horizons.
Love this family-run Mediterranean BYOB with awesome food and a laid-back feel.

Especially love it on a warm night with its tables on a cobblestoned road and holiday lights strung above.

My boyfriend and I had our first philly date at apricotstone so the place has a pretty special place in my heart.

Would highly recommend it for anyone looking for a tasty, laid-back Mediterranean meal with a homemade feel.
I've only dined with Apricot Stone two or three times, however, each occasion was noteworthy and highly enjoyable.  My most recent trip for a psuedo-birthday dinner for myself with a handful of friends. We sampled nearly every item on the menu. I loved the Tabouleh and the Falafel.  While we enjoyed the Manti, I was expecting just a bit more.

Portions, quality, and prices are nicely aligned for all the menu items.  The staff is very friendly.  And don't forget, they are BYOB!

Final Pro Tip: Visit this place with at least a party of four to fully sample, share, and explore the menu!
Totally random Saturday night, my friends and I wanted some Mediterranean food. We called Kanella but there was a 1.5 hour wait. So we called Apricotstone, and luckily they could seat us right away! I was so thankful! And what is even better, is apricotstone is BYOB! This was perfect, so we could save some money on booze and still have a nice dinner. And speaking of saving money, the prices are so affordable! Especially for this trendy Northern Liberties neighborhood, where I think things are a tad overpriced, apricotstone had very cheap prices for the massive portions of food you get! A huge plate of K-bobs with rice, and 2 sides was only $15. My friend had half her plate leftover for lunch the next day! 

The place was tiny small, but a lot of outside seating which was cute. The food was pretty good.  Wasn't the best middle eastern food I've had, which is why I give 4 instead of 5, but overall still very good. The grape leaves were different, brown inside (I guess they use brown rice?), but still tasted very good. The hummus was good, not amazing like Zahav, but still very good. The best tasting item we ate was actually the greek yogurt dip... WOW. That yogurt dip, was amazing. I wanted to dip everything in it, but problem was it was on my friends plate so I kept sticking my fork in her food!  The other dips are also really good. The baba ghanoush had a really smoky charcoal flavor to it, which my friends didn't like, but I loved it. The tzatziki was great, and so was the BEEF k-bobs. The beef was the most tender, better than both the chicken and the lamb. Get the Beef, it was the best, and I don't even like to eat beef! 

Overall, very good meal, for excellent prices. I'd go again.
i don't eat much Mediterranean food but i've heard good things about this place so wanted to give it a shot!

it was such a nice night out so we got a table outside and brought some vino. we started with the hummus, israeli salad and imam bayaldi. the imam bayaldi was definitely my favorite! 

then i got a steak and lamb kebab while my husband got the trio platter of chicken, steak and lamb. the meats were overcooked and a little chewy but the flavors were there! i enjoyed the rice as well.

my favorite dish of the night had to be the manti. it was so delicious!

overall, it was a pleasant dining experience! i need to come back and try the desserts next time
My husband and I were a HOT MESS of a table on Valentine's day, which I'm sure is one of their busiest nights of the year. We were late and they held our table for 10 min before politely calling. Then we had parking issues and they offered a parking pass. Then we had to GTFO in about 30 min due to the end of our babysitting time. They were so nice about everything, got our delicious food out fast (we got the dinner for two, which was a great deal), didn't give us the side eye when we had to run and boxed up lots for us to take home. I look forward to going back at a time when we can savor it!
The best stuffed grape leaves I have ever had. And such a cozy space.
tl;dr this No Libs BYOB is a hidden gem, delivering some stellar -- and reasonably priced -- Armenian fare

Having lived in Philly since Apricot Stone opened back in 2016, I feel ashamed that it hasn't been on my radar until just the last few months. This place has lots to love: upscale renditions of Armenian family recipes, an approachable and customizable pre fixe, and BYOB made-easy (Fine Wine is just minutes away on Girard). The restaurant lies on an inconspicuous, European-esque walkway off the main road. Apricot Stone is only offering outdoor dining at the moment. Early dinner-goers beware -- pick your poison between the tables under the sun or within the balmy canopy.

After grabbing a bottle of red from Fine Wine, my partner and I moseyed over to the restaurant, and we had our choice of tables. While the covered area felt sweltering at first, we regained our composure when our friendly server quickly gifted us a carafe of ice water.

We opted for the "Dinner for Two" menu. Our tour began with the Trio of dips: we chose the Babagoanoush (eggplant), Muhamara (red pepper), and Lebni (Greek yogurt). The Babaganoush, my favorite of the three, had a distinct smokiness that pleasantly contrasted the sweet zing from the Muhamara and the light, refreshing Lebni. The pita chips on the side were perfectly crisp and sturdy for dipping purposes. Other starter plates included the Falafel (hearty and well-fried, contrasted with a refreshing tahini sauce and pickled beets), the Cheese Boreg (piping hot, crispy phyllo pastry stuffed with oozy cheeses), Spanikopita (similar to the Boreg, but stuffed with spinach), and the Grape Leaves (surprisingly sturdy, with a distinctly rich flavor that was complemented nicely by lemon juice). Each of these items felt like a winner, but the grape leaves stood out as a dish I'd have to recommend.

For the entree course, we received the Greek Salad, Lamb and Filet Kebab Skewers, and the Mujaddara (a lentil-based starch). The salad was surprisingly large, dressed heavily with oil and vinegar. The skewers and Mujaddara were admittedly forgettable -- if anything, the kebabs ran on the slightly overcooked side for my liking. For dessert, we got the Gatnabur (rice pudding) and the Khataif (shredded phyllo pastry). The Gatnabur, served cold, was uber refreshing, but had only the subtle flavors of the spices used on top. Meanwhile, the Khataif, baked-to-order, punched you in the tongue with a rich sweetness characteristic of Mediterranean dessert pastries.

Toward the end of the meal, I found myself loosening my belt, moderately full but still eager to sample more of Apricot Stone's tasty offerings. And at a hair over $80 (after tax and tip) for two, this BYOB proved to be a relatively affordable option for Mediterranean fare. I was particularly impressed by how well they balanced comfort food vibes with their upscale cuisine. Since our favorite dishes were at the beginning of the meal, the Mezze for Two combination will likely be in store for us during future visits.
Apricot Stone is my absolute go-to for mediterranean food. The food is fresh, tasty, and best of all consistent. I have ordered delivery, takeout, and eaten in at this restaurant (probably about 20+ times at this point). Each experience with the staff is pleasant. They are accommodating, especially of large parties. They don't have a ton of space inside, but they have a beautiful outdoor area on Liberties walk which is lovely for big groups. They really work with you to make a reservation even if they're busy.

I usually get the greek salad with chicken shawarma or the platter. I love both. The rice that comes with the platter is flavorful, and the dips you get to choose from are all great. The hummus is my favorite, but you really can't go wrong. The platter comes with a huge pita as well- it's a really nice amount of food that somehow I always finish even though it's way too much...

This family-owned BYOB is unique also in that it accepts credit cards- a nice little perk for those of us who don't carry a ton of cash.

I recommend this restaurant to everyone I know because it truly is the best!
Apricot Stone has moved onto Liberties Walk in Northern Liberties.  This is an Armenian owned restaurant which cooks up the familiar dishes of the Levantine & Mediterranean.  It is an attractive space accompanied by friendly service and good food.  I had the Armenian lahmajoun which I enjoyed even though I didn't find it nearly as tasty or filling as some Turkish and Kurdish versions I've eaten before.  However, I did find the Anoush Abur desert to be excellent.  This is a wheat pudding with apricots, raisins, and almonds.  Usually it is served at Christmas in Armenia but fortunately you can eat it year round at Apricot Stone.  Most of the other dishes served here would be very familiar to patrons of Eastern Mediterranean cooking.  For me, I would really like to see them add more unique Armenian dishes to the menu.  Now that would be a reason to return!
(to the tune of "Walking on Sunshine" by Katrina & The Waves)

I used to think that I'd just want one dip, but now I want three.
And I can't stop myself from scooping out more tabbouleh.
Now every time I'm in Northern Liberties, gotta hit up this spot.
'Cause I just can't wait for some lamb and some chicken - that's hot.

I'm hungry for grape leaves (WHOAH). 
I need some falafel (WHOAH.) 
Just dip into lebni (whoah) 
IT'S ALL JUST SO GOOD!
Hey, alright now
And it's just so good, hey

I love that this spot is BYOB, but I'm not alone.
And yes, it gets crowded, but it's warm and feels just like home.
I don't think there's a bad bite that's listed, so you can't go wrong.
And if you're a squad, split some mezze, and break into song!

I'm hungry for grape leaves (WHOAH). 
I need some falafel (WHOAH.) 
Just dip into lebni (whoah) 
IT'S ALL JUST SO GOOD!
Hey, alright now
And it's just so good, hey

Apricot Stone - one of my favorite BYOBs in the area - is affordable, cozy, and typically has reservations the day of, so it's kind of a go-to. The only issue I'd have is that the tables can really get packed in there, meaning not a lot of room to spread out, but that's the price you pay for going to a spot that's so popular with everyone else!

Love it. Will be back.
Love love love this place! 
I visit philly every month and this is the newest gem in the city.
I got the kabob tasting platter (got to choose from three meats) I got the luleh, beef & chicken ...loved all three especially the rice and sides it came with. 
Overall very pleased with this place ... this is exactly what Philly needed.. A cozy Mediterranean restaurant that takes me back home.
This is the closest you can get to Armenia, and I've been there. I would bathe in their hummus, and use their lebni to condition my hair. 

Upon walking in, I was greeted with the familiar smell of my grandparents house. Warm bread, marinating meats...lammies in the oven. Yes, please. Give it all to me. 

To say my palate was overwhelmed is an understatement. Luckily, I was there with about 15 of my Armenian cousins, so the chef offered us a tasting menu. Everything was incredible. The salads were fresh, the feta was authentic. 

Growing up, my favorite Armenian dish was cheese boreg. This tasted EXACTLY how my grandmother used to make it! The grape leaves were also phenomenal, they had that very specific homemade flavor that isn't overpowering with acidity. When our server placed pilaf on our table, my cousin exclaimed, "oh this looks legit." Clearly Armenians are particular about their food, even when it is something as simple as pilaf. 

Unfortunately, my taste buds have now been spoiled by all three kebob flavors. Clearly this means I'll have to order the kebob sample platter every time I visit. The lamb and lulu kebob were particularly fantastic, and everything was seasoned to absolute perfection. Naturally I used the lebni as a dip for my kebobs...my stomach is now growling.

So, I may be the only Armenian who never had a taste for baklava. Let me tell you, I've crossed over. This baklava was DELICIOUS and paired wonderfully with their Armenian coffee. Authentic Armenian coffee is a cure-all. Migraine? Coffee. Tired? Coffee. Any other ailment? Coffee. 

Tonight, my palate is screaming for lahmajun. 

Can I go here two days in a row?
The food at this place was quite good and the service I experienced was excellent. The weather was great so the outside was packed and the place isn't particularly big but the owner/manager brought a table outside just so my girlfriend and I could sit out there. It made me feel special and I was impressed. I'm not even a big fan of Mediterranean food but I enjoyed myself never the less. I was shown hospitality lacking in many restaurants.
I was quite excited to read that the chef of this new "Mediterranean" place hailed from Aleppo, a place synonymous with fabulous Syrian cooking (and now, sadly destroyed by the terrible civil war).  A recent luncheon, however, brought food that did not distinguish itself from any run-of-the-mill Middle Eastern place in Philly.
A trio of cold appetizers - babaganoush, lebni, and tzatziki - were quite standard, the smoky babanaoush being the stand out.  There seems to be a bit of garlic-phobia in the kitchen here because the two other dishes, especially the lebni, simply tasted like plain yogurt without the exciting bite of fresh garlic.  The Iman Bayaldi would have been quite a good dish had the kitchen not taken "cold" appetizers too literally: the dish was ice cold, just out of the refrigerator, the flavors thus greatly muted.  These dishes were accompanied with crisp shards of pita bread many splintered into minuscule pieces - far from ideal accompaniments.
Finally, the mixed grill brought small, over grilled pieces of lamb and beef whose assertive rub made them taste almost identical.  The tough, dry pieces of chicken were unable to help this plate out (the soft, buttery rice was ok).
There are no drinks traditionally served with this food, such as Ayran or Kefir, we then asked for water, two small water bottles were brought to the table ($2).  There are also bottled soft drinks.
My girlfriend studied abroad in Israel, and for the past three years has told me about how stellar the hummus/schwarma/falafel, etc. is across the pond.  Fortunately I discovered this gem just in time for her birthday. We knew we were in for a good meal when everyone working there and dining there appeared to be Armenian.

The prices are pretty affordable, and with it being BYOB, 2 can have an app, 2 entrees, and a dessert like we did for under $60 before tip.

The hummus, as we expected, was light, creamy, and delectable - definitely get more than what comes with the entree as you will want more.
The highlight of the meal for me was the Israeli salad, which was probably the best I'll ever have. It's going to be tough to beat that in my lifetime. I've made ceviche about a dozen times in my life, and know how important consistency is with diced salads. The proportions of cucumber to onion to parsley etc was spot on. It also didn't hurt that we are in the peak of fresh produce season. Honestly, I could have eaten a mixing bowl full of just that and been totally satisfied.
Pitas are made on the spot. The falafel was a touch overdone, but still excellent. Lamb kabobs were seasoned wonderfully and not heavy on the salt which let the herbs/flavors shine through. 

We split a cheese baklava which was absolutely spectacular. We should have each ordered one.

My minor suggestions: The rice that was served with the entrees was bland. We chose not to eat it, but our "carb-tooth" was still satisfied from all the pita.  We had to ask to have the candle on the table lit; that probably should have been done when they opened. Lastly, the ceiling fan needs to have the switch flicked so it sends the air upwards and circulates it around the restaurant, instead of directly blasting whoever sits underneath it.  My eyes were drying out and my food was cooling quickly.  

Still a 5 star experience! 
We will be back!

Tips:
2 hour free parking is available around the block.
New brewery 1 block away has happy hour til 6 & cold 4 packs to go if you need booze in a pinch.
Dos Segundos 2 blocks away has great happy hour with world class margaritas & 1/2 off pitchers for the happy hour if you want to do a pre-dinner cocktail.
Our trip to apricotstone last week felt last minute, kind of thrown together. We were stressed and not really in the mindset to even think about the dining experience.

But the wait staff and chefs turned our night around with their great service and incredible food.

We tried the 3 dip platter with eggplant salad, roasted red pepper dip and hummus, with some crisp pita chips on the side. The eggplant salad was so good, we got another bowl of it, just to eat with a fork!

I had the Greek salad with chicken for dinner, and my dining companions tried some of the platters, complete with pita, hummus, salad and plenty of meat! I also got a kabob of lamb on the side - well worth the $11 price tag, the lamb was flavorful and tender, and I absolutely loved the sizzling peppers and onions between the meat. Our vegetarian friend got stuffed grape leaves and a Greek salad sans meat, and she was super happy with her meal as well!

We also tried dessert....the rice pudding with rosewater was refreshing, yet still felt like comfort food. The other dessert we tried may have been the baklava with cheese, or may have been a special - either way, it was sweet, creamy, crisp and honey-drenched and I loved it.

The servers were all super attentive and kind and literally did not stop bringing us fresh, cold bottles of water to pour around the table every time we were running low. 

We ended up staying for almost two hours, as the pace of the meal was relaxing and we had finally chilled out enough to enjoy the food and each other's company. Would be back, a thousand times yes. Try it!
I came here for a birthday dinner, thinking we could order a bunch of plates and share them. 
The outside seating was beautiful, aside from the hookah smoke traveling our way. The service was incredibly slow, that we portioned out water until we could get more. 
The food overall was okay. The falafel was dry without much flavor. The chicken was nicely blackened but needed a lot of dip/sauce. But for how much it all cost, i expected much bigger portions and better flavor.
I decided to come here after a server at a different restaurant recommended it (and how often does *that* happen?). I was pretty excited given the excellent reviews---some mentioned that the service wasn't the best, but pretty much universally the food was heralded as phenomenal.

Honestly, my experience was the opposite. The service was efficient---we were seated quickly, and the server frequently checked on us to make sure we were okay. Perhaps the service was a bit cold and impersonal, but hey, I don't think it's the server's job to be our BFFs. As far as I was concerned, she did her job well.

Unfortunately, the food did not quite live up to the standards set by the reviews. For the record, the food was not bad, but it was just okay. The hummus was unmemorable, and the pita chips didn't do it for me texturally (the chips were not quite crunchy enough to be true chips, but not soft enough to taste like pita). We split the mixed platter with lamb kebabs, and we weren't blown away. The lamb was actually quite good---tender and well-cooked, but the pita was unremarkable and the muhamara side had an odd aftertaste.

Given the rave reviews I'll probably give Apricot Stone another shot one day, but the first visit for me was simply decent.
It's very comforting finding restaurants who still are following Covid suggested protocols apricot stone clearly is one of them.

Following work quick call from the car we were able to secure a reservation at 5o'clock for an hour and it's all we need it.

We were shown to our table which was waiting for us in the outdoor covered seating area connected to the restaurant. The table was set and ready to go, they light a heater by the table, or server came over to introduce himself and ask if we had any questions with the menu, following a couple questions we got right down to ordering.

We started off by sharing their beet salad very fresh lovely presentation my only suggestion if the staff are seeing this is to add more greens and walnut pieces.

Next we each ordered an appetizer of a spanakopita which was outrageous so light and flaky and a nice comfortable warming flavor.

For our dinner we both had the filet mignon skewers, my wife had it as a platter with rice and two sides. While  I had just a skewer and ordered a side of grilled vegetables. The filet mignon cubes were cooked to perfection very nice light spices but more importantly medium rare the way we love it ironically we were not even asked and they hit it right out of the ballpark the vegetables had a really nice grill taste to it really complemented the filet mignon.

Oh wonderful meal satisfying great taste wonderful service accommodating and of course Covid reflective, so thank you to the staff.

See our dinner photos try not to drink too much
I went to apricotstone for dinner last night after being invited by the owners, and if I had to sum up the experience in a few words: authentic, hearty, delicious. 

The ambiance- the place is situated in northern liberties, in a cute and cozy space. It truly feels like you're eating in a friend's home (just decorated better). Call ahead and make a reservation, as it is a small space. 

The food- everything we ate was absolutely delicious. Starting with the dips- the hummus was creamy, the babaganoush was flavorful but not overpowering, and the muhamara was sweet with a spicy kick. The falafel are crispy and hearty (could seriously be a meal on their own), the spanakopita was flaky with a creamy cheesy center, and the stuffed grape leaves (made with a hint of pomegranate molasses so they have a tinge of sweetness) may be the best I've ever had. The lamb was flavorful and tender, cooked perfectly, as was the chicken. The luleh kebab was also spiced perfectly. I also tried their Wednesday off-menu special-- Armenian bbq ribs and grilled veggies-- and the meat was tender and he veggies were fresh and delicious. For dessert, the walnut baklava and the cheese baklava were delicious, without being too sweet. 

The service- this place is family owned and run, and you can tell that they love what they do. They treat you as they would treat a guest in their home. Ara, the son of the chef/owner, was extremely gracious in recommending dishes, explaining what was in them, and giving me an insight into the culture. 

All in all, a great dining experience (bonus: it's byo!) that I would absolutely recommend to everyone.
I am Turkish. First, I would like to thank the Armenian owners for the warm welcome. They certainly and rightfully could have done otherwise. 

The food is great. Everything tastes authentic and each dish packs the right amount of skilled labor. 

The atmosphere is calming. The lighting especially gives off that upscale European feel. If you grab a bottle of wine to take with you, you will feel like you've had a special night out.
I have yet to be disappointed by this restaurant. They are consistent in quality, service, and their prices are reasonable. Shawarma, kabobs, and the walnut/red pepper dip are go to favorites for our family, but all dishes are great!
It's only been a few days since I've been to apricot stone, but I'm already making plans to go back for round 2! The restaurant has a very cozy vibe and every dish is made and served with a very personal touch. It is, however, a small space so make sure you make a reservation on busy nights, even if it's just for two. 

In regards to the food, the platters are definitely the best option as you get to sample a little of everything: salad, dipping sauce, meat, rice, and pita bread. The chicken shawarma platter was served with a seasoned yogurt sauce that took the dish to the next level! Other favorites: Lebni and the Greek salad. For appetizer, the spanakopita and a cheese boreg (aka cheese puff pastry) were both very good. 

Delicious food and BYOB? *pinch me*
Summary: Poor service but excellent food

I came here with my friend around 8:30pm without a reservation. We stood there for ~5-10 minutes before we were seated. Around that time, the staff were seating another group that came after us that had a reservation, served bunch of food to people outside and took an order. I didn't mind the wait, but it would have been nice if the servers told us to wait or told us they will eventually come back for us. We were standing there awkwardly at the front not knowing whether they were going to seat us soon or they just forgot about us. The male manager (?) eventually assured us that we will be seated near the end of the wait. 

When we were seated, we had to wait a while until someone took our orders. A conversation that I overheard was that the manager had noticed our order hasn't been taken yet and asked one of the servers whether she had taken our orders. The server replied back with, "I didn't see them there", when we were right in front of the kitchen area.

The food itself took 40 minutes. Yes, it was busy when the kitchen was taking orders not from the people in the restaurant but people ordering takeout. However, no one informed us of this long wait or was apologetic at all. Worse of all, a group of 4 that had ordered after us got their food before us. The manager, either sensing my discomfort or just noticing we were still not given our food, told us near the end that the food was coming. Even then, we still had to wait around another 10 minutes.

My friend and I had other plans we had to attend to that night, so we were forced to eat quickly. Having to eat so quickly ruined the dining experience for me. But the servers were attentive in the end when it came to paying for our meals. 

I understand that we were walk-ins so we got an area that wasn't the best - right in front of the kitchen area. The indoor seating in general was very small and felt crowded. The outdoor seating area was still small but still albeit a bit bigger. 

Honestly, the service was pretty poor that I would have rated this place even worse but I have to say the food was amazing. I got the mixed platter (lamb kebab, falafel and chicken shawarma) with Greek salad and hummus. The portions were definitely enough - I had enough to take some home. I understand why the restaurant is so busy, even late into the night.  

Overall, the service has a lot to be improved on. In the long run, a bigger restaurant would be nicer (though it may not be feasible). The food is excellent. If I was in the area, I would either reserve and go to the outdoor area but honestly, I would likely just order takeout and avoid all this mess with poor service.
Tasty, Good atmosphere, excellent place, excellent service, good prices, great music, heaven for vegetarians. 
I live in NY and it was my first visit to Apricot Stone and I love it.
 1.Food-  I am a vegetarian and they have plenty selection for vegetarians and vegans. I got trio( babaganush, motabal and beet salad walnuts. All three were incredibly tasty. I also got vegan Dolma with rice which was melty and very tasty. I got falafel with tahini as an entry, which was very well cooked, not oily and one of the best falafels I ever had. We got Pakhlava as a desert, which was good.  

2. Service- Excellent service, Anie was our waitress and she was very attentive and friendly. They don't have alcohol but you can bring yours.
 
3. Atmosphere-  Felt like being in Armenia.  Armenian and Greek music were playing through the speakers. Photos of Armenia all over the place. Even the salt and pepper shakers were from Armenia. I  am from Armenia and finding place like this was touching and emotional for me. The dining was outdoors but so warm that felt indoor. 

I would  also suggest to make a reservation in advance as the place has a lot of customers. 
I love this place and promise to go there every time I will be in Philly.  Thank you
My husband brought home takeout from here the other night, and I have to say I was rather pleasantly surprised. We got the chicken and filet kebabs, which came with grilled peppers and onions, rice pilaf, and a choice of dip (babaganoush) side (salad with tasty feta). The steak was cooked perfectly, and was well seasoned. The pilaf was a little bit on the bland side, but everything else was amazing. I would definitely go back to this place!
Great food like everyone has said. I ordered the kebab platter which was great. The atmosphere is casual. Great for hanging with friends or a date.
Gem hidden restaurant in Philadelphia 

Super low key spot with outdoor seating on Liberties walk 

Ambiance: 10/10
Food: 10/10
Service: 10/10

This place is top notch in every way. I got the Beef/Lamb Kebab with Lebni, Rice, Greek salad and bread. All amazing. The Falafel appetizer is also a must. Definitely coming back!!!
I came here for dessert because a fellow Yelp Eliter and friend asked me to bring back a cheese baklava for him lol. If the one thing he wanted me to bring back from Philly was this dessert... I HAD to try it. 

The ambiance was great, small cozy and friendly (but I highly recommend a reservation because of the size of the place and it seems to be really popular!) 

The food was delicious I liked the cheese baklava and the cheese boreg. I'll be back to try the lamp kabobs every other table had!!

The service was also amazing (we even had someone come out to tell us how to reheat the cheese baklava we got to go so it would be just as delicious at home. Talk about great service!)
It saddens me to write this review. I brought my friends to dine here last night because I had tried their food before and loved it. However, last night we had a horrible experience when one of the restaurant staff decided to throw us out because he needed the table for customers who had a reservation. We had not finished our meal and my wine glass was full. We complained and the whole thing turned into an argument. He aggressively crumpled the bill and threw a to-go container on the table. We left. Never again!
Apricotstone is another one of Philly's great spots that had a place on my radar. I finally got to check them out in a large group dining setting for Sari A.'s final goodbye dinner.

To be honest, I took my Yelper hat off for this meal and wasn't paying as much attention to the dining details as I normally would. With that being said, I enjoyed my food, service and company.

I ordered the falafel sandwich, which was tasty but should've gone for the falafel platter. For just a small price difference, it would've came with much more. The pita wrap almost overpowered everything on the inside.

As far as group dining is concerned, I didn't actually feel like we were treated as group dinners. The service was on top of their game the entire meal.

The BYOB setting amongst a great crew made it all the more enjoyable.

Another regret would be splitting the baklava with my husband. I should've gotten one (or five) for myself.

Without a doubt, I'll be a repeat eater. I can see why everyone likes this place so much.
Why did it take me so long to get to Apricot Stone??  I love Middle Eastern food so when I first read about the opening, it was on my list to try. A year later and I finally made it and now I'm a little sad I don't live or work nearby!  If I did, I could see this being a regular spot for lunch or dinner. 

The space is very small so its best to make a reservation, especially if you have more than two in your party. Its a cute, bright and cheery spot that is good for casual dining.  While we were there, a birthday party gathering was also happening, but its not a formal place if that's what you desire. 

There are many options to choose from for appetizers, dips and salads. The grape leaves were good but different from any I've had before. The cheese boreg was a little pocket of delicious.  I only ordered one but wanted a second. I got the falafel platter, all the platters come with rice pilaf, a choice of a dip, a salad and pita.  There were four large pieces of falafel and the platter was a generous serving. So many vegetarian and vegan options that are color coded on the menu.  Why doesn't every restaurant do this?? Very flavorful meal that I want again very soon!
Ordered the Chicken Shawarma platter to go. Absolutely fantastic. The chicken was super flavorful, the tahini and hot sauce on the chicken really made it pop. The rice was seasoned perfectly. The babaganoush was also really great, perfect accompaniment to their lavash. I also opted for the eggplant salad with my platter, also great. 

Incredible amount of food for the price. I'm glad to have this option in the neighborhood.
Tried this place for the first time and the only thing I was disappointed about was that I had not tried it sooner. This is the ultimate authentic, family owned,  cozy, byob, fresh Mediterranean/Armenian spot probably in all of Philly. 

The owner took care of us and helped us decide what to order, even convincing me to try the lamb which I never eat. I ordered the combo platter with chicken, lamb, and the beef stick (forget the term). All the meat was cooked so incredibly well, so juicy, so flavourful. Also ordered the Greek salad and babaganoush, which did not disappoint at all. Also got a side of the grape leaves (sooo good!) and the cheese puff (also forget the name lol). 

There are so many other dishes I want to try here. I'll definitely be back soon.
Came here on a whim for a dinner date with some friends. Food was pretty good, but the restaurant was so hot that day, no AC and no air flow, and with 2 kids under 3yrs old, not a good combination. We ordered the triple dip to share and would have prefered pita bread over pita chips, but the tatzika dip was my fav of the 3. I ordered the chicken swarma which I really enjoyed. Their rice pilaf was really good. Other complaint is that our waiter seemed a bit overwhelmed, he also forgot to put in our friend's entree order. I would like to come back again and hopefully be able to edit my review.
Great food and awesome service! 

I love Mediterranean food and this place did not disappoint. Everything was good, and the service was excellent.
I was thinking to try this place for a long time! So decided to give a try via take out, I ordered a mix platter. When you order this platter you can mix how you like, we got chicken, beef and lulen kebab with eggplant salsa and babaganoush. Yes, I love eggplant in any way! Also when I said that I want to try their mujaddara(lentil and caramelized onions) I was offered to switch rice pilaf to that, which made my platter perfect! Overall it's very flavorful food but it's good flavor, I liked the flavor of the meat, how lentil was cooked, and of course, I enjoyed the eggplant sides. I can tell in our area this place one of the best Mediterranean place. Will be back for dinner!
Diversity & Value: ApricotStone's "Plates" come with pita, rice pilaf, and choice of 5 different dips (e.g. babaganoush, hummus, etc.) and 5 different salads (e.g.: greek, tabouleh, etc.)  - but you can also sub the rice for a tasty mujaddara (lentils & caramelized onion). Grilled chicken kebab and veggies were great. Try the Armenian coffee - essentially a Turkish coffee. Nice atmosphere in a nice neighborhood and great value. Friendly, helpful staff.
There's usually two reasons to write a review. Either the service of the food was really bad and you want people to stay away, or it was so good and above and beyond what you were expecting that it blows you away. This is definitely the latter. I found this place on Google because it was a BYOB, and forget that, the food was just absolutely amazing. My girlfriend and I I only had appetizers because they were so good and filling. Two and a half hours later, we had about six appetizers total and a full stomach. I've been to other restaurants before, they don't even come close to how good this place tasted. I can't wait to come back. My favorite dishes were the Manti and the Mediterranean grilled cheese. Phenomenal.
My boyfriend and I just got back from Apricot Stone and everything was amazing! Best meal we have had this year. We went on a Tuesday night and made a reservation on OpenTable. The place was pretty much full the entire time because there are less than 10 tables in the restaurant. 

We ordered the baba ganoush and spanakopita to start and both were amazing. The spanakopita is a bit small to share but we were getting plenty of other food. For our meals, we both got the sampler platters. I ordered chicken shawarma, lamb kebab and the luleh kebab (ground beef) and my boyfriend got the shawarma, lamb kebab, and falafel. I also had the mahamara dip and imam bayaldi (eggplant dish) as sides and my boyfriend got the lebni and tabouleh. Everything was phenomenal! The luleh kebab and the lamb kebab were my personal favorite, and in the future I would probably get a fresher salad instead of the imam bayaldi. Not that it wasn't excellent, but the dish needed a fresh cooling side like tomato and cucumber. We were stuffed so no dessert. Love this place and that it is byob and can't wait to come back!
My fiance and I have lived in Northern Liberties for a little over year, but have not tried Apricot Stone until tonight. We would always see the restaurant at its capacity every time we walked by. Finally, we decided to give it a try, mainly on a whim, and we both agree that we will definitely be back. 

We decided to get the "dinner for two" option, which includes enough to feed three for reasonable price of 55 dollars total (pre-tip). The baba ghanoush, muhamara, jajukh, and filet kebabs were so delicious. the meat was cooked perfectly and was tender and juicy while still maintaining that grilled smoky flavor and texture. 

In our humble opinion, a lot of their dishes are on par with Suraya (which is also phenomenal and lives up to the hype). However, for the price, and the quality service, this restaurant definitely deserves a lot more attention. 10/10 would recommend.
A few weeks ago, my friend and I went out to dinner at Apricot Stone. It's located in the Northern Liberties neighborhood. This area of Philadelphia is flourishing; there's plenty of new restaurants and bars in the area. Like many dining establishments in the area, Apricot Stone is BYOB. The restaurant itself is pretty small, I highly recommend making reservations. I had a hard time parking, but my friend was quickly seated while she was waiting for me. I personally think parking is kind of difficult around this area, since I'm not the best parallel parker, but you can find some parking nearby. Although it was already cold out, it looks like they would have plenty of seating during the warmer months. I'll have to head back and check it out.

The service was alright, nothing memorable. I believe our waitress gave us some recommendations on her personal favorites of the menu, which I always appreciate and refilled our waters a few times. We definitely ordered way too much for just two people, but who doesn't love leftovers? We ordered a few variety of plates to truly try more items on the menu. I wish we had room for dessert because all of them sounded divine. Maybe next time!

What we ordered: 

Trio: pick any of the 3 dips/salads on their menu

Jajukh- "tzatziki cucumbers, mint, and yogurt
Hummus- Chickpeas, tahini, olive oil
Imam Bayaldi- baked eggplant, tomato, peppers, and onion

All three were delicious. They were served with a crispy pita that was almost chip-like. I could have easily gotten a few of the trios to try all of them. I expected a softer pita for the sauces to be sopped up, but the crispy pita was a nice change

Stuffed grape leaves: Rice and vegetables, served cold

These were good, a little different than grape leaves that I'm used to eating.

Manti

Homemade open-face dumplings with ground beef, topped with garlic yogurt and sumac.

I heard that I needed to order these prior to arriving at Apricot Stone. I never heard of manti before, but I loved it. I wasn't sure what to expect when ordering these. The crispy shell of the dumplings mixed with the stuffing was delicious. As they sat on the table, they began to absorb some of the sauce and was slightly soft. SO Good!

Mix Platter

We chose the falafel, chicken shawarma, and lamb. It comes with rice pilaf and the option of two sides. Since we already got a few of the dips from the trio, we got the beet salad and muhammara (roasted red peppers and walnuts).

The mixed platter was everything I wanted. I got to try a variety of proteins and some additional sides. I loved the falafel. The shawarma had great seasoning and went well with the remaining dips that we had from the appetizer.

Everything was pretty tasty. I wouldn't say it's the best food I've ever eaten but definitely satisfying and would be happy to go back and try more items on the menu. Will have to save it for a warm day, because who doesn't lock cocktails on the patio?
100/10 - phenomenal - great atmosphere, great servers, great food. Came here in July with my family and had such a nice experience. We were running late for our reservation and couldn't find parking to save our lives - we had called the restaurant to let them know we were going to be late and a few minutes later they called and said they had a parking spot saved for us. I think it was the owner or maybe the manager but he kindly moved his own car from a spot right out front and let us take it for the time being - it was so sweet and telling of how they treat their customers. 

We ordered a bunch of food that I forgot to take pictures of because I was so excited when it arrived. We got the trio of dips to split between 5 of us and it was the perfect little amount for sampling. We also got some spanakopita which was delicious and perfectly cooked - nice and flaky on the outside. We also obviously couldn't come and not get some cheese boreg which tasted just as good as my grandmas used to. We also got some kibbeh kufteh which wasn't my personal favorite but was very flavorful nonetheless. The manti was incredible I'm drooling just thinking about it. We also shared some chicken and lamb kabobs which were so good - nothing tasted too salty which I sometimes have an issue with at Mediterranean restaurants.

All in all a fantastic experience. I left feeling uncomfortably full and will definitely be coming back whenever I'm in Philly.
They just opened three weeks ago. They are open at 10 for Sunday brunch.  I like this place.  It's a byob. I went here with my nieces and boyfriend and a good friend.  They have a chef tasting menu. You select 4 ideas and they choose your dessert. They gave us all five desserts so we can sample the all the dessert.  You have a choose of two appetizer, bread, and you get to choose one out of the three chooses and a salad all for $20.  It's a great deal, because we all picked something different so we could try it.
I've been putting off going here, even though it's in my neighborhood because my expectation was low. After all, hummus is hummus right? Every bite on my plate was phenomenal! I had the chicken kabob with hummus and a Greek salad. They were nice enough to substitute my rice for a lentil dish. Most kabobs I've had are flavorful but dry. These were moist and delicious. It seemed as if some sweet mother was cooking for her children. My suspicion was right! The owners mother was the cook! I'm so happy that this fantastic place opened in my neighborhood.
We came here with a dinner reservation on a Saturday night. A very small restaurant with a small outdoor seating area (under a tarp/tent). Our party of 6 was seated on time inside. Very nice service, seems like a mom-and-pop type of restaurant. We got appetizers to share: kibbeh kufteh, cheese boreg (highly recommend). I got the lamb platter, and with that you get rice pilaf and thin pita, and you pick: a dip and a salad. I loved my lamb. So juicy and tasty. I highly recommend! The pita and dip were OK.

The Pros:
BYOB!
Cute interior
Amazing lamb/food

The Cons:
Smaller space
apricot stone is quickly becoming one of my favorite restaurants. I've been here several times within the last month and have brought friends and family with me who have also loved it. 

They offer a good selection of foods that happen to be vegetarian and vegan incase you or your dining partners are into that. They were also able to provide my father who is gluten-free a plate of vegetables to eat with the dips, rather than the pita chips they serve. Beware that some dips are not gluten-free, so you will definitely want to make note to your serve ahead of time. 

I am half Armenian and this food reminds me of the delicious dinners my grandparents would make. I've had several dips, the hummus, babaganoush and mujamara which were all great. Even the hummus was exceptional-- I'm always hesitant ordering hummus at a restaurant, but their house made version was delicious. 

The cheese boreg and spanakopita are deliciously cheesy, hot, and fantastic. They are rather small, so order one per person. The dolmas are also fantastic. 

As for entrees, I've had the lamb kebab which features large, succulent chunks of grilled lamb. The kefte kebab is also amazing- it's an onion-y beef and lamb mixture. I've also tried the chicken shawarma which was not my favorite, but would be a good choice for diners who aren't into red meat. They do sandwiches or plates- the plates come with a salad, a dip, and a choice of meat (or three if you choose the tasting platter). The only salad I've had that I don't recommend is the greek salad- it's a bit basic and underwhelming. 

My vegetarian friend ordered the grilled vegetable hummus wrap which he inhaled before I could get a bite. 

As far as desserts, the walnut baklava and baklava with cheese are delicious. Neither were overly sweet, and the baklava with cheese was deliciously creamy and custardy. 

Final notes, they are BYOB, so knock yourself out! I'd probably recommend making a reservation if you come on a fri-sat-sun. I've also heard they have Wednesday night specials... so to be continued :)
Did take out from here and it was amazingly fresh and delicious. We all were really impressed by the quality of the food. We had ordered the lamb kebab, chicken kebab, and luleh plate, as well as a chicken shawarma sandwich... they were fantastic. And the sides were so good you could make a meal out of them.... which they actually have as an option (I believe it was the veggie plate). Try the ground walnut pepper dip and the Israeli salad. Also the baklava was great.  Would highly recommend this place to anyone.
The food was SO good. We came with a ginormous group (they were super gracious to accommodate -- I wouldn't say it's made for big groups by any means! we were more than 15 people) and the food and service was excellent.

Per Philly form, it's BYOB, which goes oh so well with Mediterranean cuisine. I LOVE that they clearly label vegan and vegetarian options. They're color-coded on the menu - AND on the menu on the chalk wall. Furthermore, when I ordered, the server checked if I was vegan because there was a substitution to be made, be still my heart.

And besides that wonderful treatment for veg types (while still having meat options -- so if you have someone in your party who's non-negotiable, that's helpful!), the food itself was really tasty. If anything, my only complaint is the platter is so full that there's no room on it to store the bread (read: this is not really a complaint, it was delicious).

For what I had, I had the falafel platter (great falafel), with tabouleh, babaghanoush, and mujaddara/lentils & onions, which was subbed for the rice pilaf to make it vegan.

Was very happy to try this place out, and really enjoyed it.
We made sure to stop at ApricotStone on our way back home from a road trip. Actually the only reason we stopped in Philadelphia was to try this new restaurant. WOW! We are so happy we did. My husband and I ate here with a friend and we all loved every bit of it! We shared the trio dip (hummus, jajukh, and babagamoush) cheese boureg (1 for each of us) and kibbeh kufteh (1 for each of us). We were stuffed before our entrees came but it didnt stop us because every single thing was amazing! My husband had the chicken shawarma, I had the luleh kebob and our friend had the beef kebab - amazing! amazing! amazing! I am hoping that ApricotStone comes to NYC!!
Have gotten takeout but also had a large party of 12 here for a birthday. It was great. You're on the walkable part of the piazza so feel like you're in a happening spot. The food was great and they have great deals for groups to have family style. Plenty of food and byob makes it very affordable. Great for a big party and very accommodating
Followed all Covid protocols and we felt comfortable dining there. Overall, the food was very good. We did the Dinner for Two, which was a steal at $66. We loved the trio of dips, falafel, spanakopita, cheese boreg, and lamb kebab. I'm not usually someone who enjoys Middle Eastern dessert- they tend to be too sweet for me, but they were included with our dinner so we figured we would try them. I have to be honest- they were one of the highlights of the meal. They were not too sweet and the khataif was such a splendid surprise. Don't forget that it's also a BYO.
One other quick note...take an Uber (or Lyft) to get there. Parking is extremely limited, and we ended up walking about 10 blocks to get there- which was gorgeous on the way there, but not so much in the pouring rain on our walk back. Don't let yourself be at the mercy of the parking gods and just hitch a ride.
Came here last week and it will be our new spot! The food was so so good and flavorful! Everything we ordered was amazing from apps, main course, and dessert.

Loved it so much we took our friends here the following week - and the food blew us away again! Our friends cant stop raving about it!

Since COVID, everything is outdoors. The owner and staff are cognizant of making sure each group is a safe distance away. The staff was so accommodating from the beginning. This restaurant is BYOB which of course makes it extra great.

For apps definitely get the cheese boreg and the manti!! For main course all the meats are delicious but our favorites were the lamb kebabs and chicken shawarma. FYI they do not skimp on portions!

A great spot for dinner with group of friends or even as date night. So reasonably priced and you come home so full and happy :)
Came here for dinner last night with a friend. We had the Dinner for Two - it was a great way to do a tapas-style dinner, with plenty of delicious food at a decent price! Service was great, and they had an enclosed patio with heaters that was cozy and warm enough even in February. BYOB too!
This place has some of the best middle eastern food around, and I've tried several. They're family owned and they're located in the strip of restaurants and stores in NoLib. They're very nice and helpful and down to earth. It's BYO; they'll help you with glasses and bottle openers. We chose a lager beer as accompaniment for the food, which was great. Others around us had wine which of course works too. 

We ordered so many appetizers and knew we wouldn't have room for the entrees. I'm sure their grilled entrees are good also, but here are the highlights of the appetizers: the spinach pies, the cheese pies, and the mujaddara (a lentil and caramelized onion dish). Also the dips are excellent. But you can't go wrong pretty much anywhere. Their desserts are fun too. 

The family is Armenian but the mother grew up in Aleppo, a Syrian city, so the food is mostly middle eastern but maybe with Armenian influences as well. It's way cooler than the pretentious supposedly middle eastern restaurants around town and way more affordable too. I first heard about this one on FYI Philly, the show on 6ABC. I'm glad I was watching that day!
Amazing food...fantastic ambiance. Love it here! Congrats on your opening. We will back very soon!
So happy we have an authentic Mediterranean restaurant in the area now. To give this place a fair shot I tried everything they have over the last week, my favorite is the beef luleh but everything was fresh and juicy, portion sizes were very generous as well. From what I was able to gather from the owner everything is made fresh daily and you can taste it. I'm a plain eater but they have many sides for those who like different flavors with there meal. This is def an awesome addition to the neighborhood, thanks for opening up!
Cozy little spot that is decorated nicely.  Food was on the most part very good, service was fine but i had one major pet peeve.  My wife and I asked for water and received 2 bottles of water.  We asked if they had tap water and was told "We do but the cup is so small so it's basically like a gulp..."  I wish i would have just asked for the cup and her fill it up 50 times for me but we were put in a slightly uncomfortable position.  After getting the bill and seeing they charged us 2 bucks per bottle, when I know it costs them less than 20 cents each we felt very dissatisfied upon leaving.  This is very simple problem to fix, buy bigger cups.  I understand that you are trying to force us to pay for water then at least make it a more reasonable price for a bottle of poland springs
Late work nights and exhaustion led us to try Apricot Stone recently, as its literally across the street from our apartment. 

First impression upon walking in was warm and cozy. We opted to dine inside because it was boiling outside. The place is small so there's just a few tables, one server. Our server was attentive and pleasant, and we received our food quickly. 

We were both craving a chicken shawarma, so that's what we ordered (I know, so much variety at the table!) The only difference being I chose a Greek salad and he chose tabouleh instead. Everything was good, but I wasn't blown away. Not complaining, just not super impressed. Also, we asked for hot sauce and were given more of a basic hot sauce. We expected something more like a harissa sauce. 

All in all, I'm glad we tried this place. It's convenient to where we live and I can see us going again when we're craving shawarma and can't be bothered to travel far.
The folks who work here are incredible. The other weekend my friends & I got caught in a thunderstorm walking back from a show. They invited us inside, offered us umbrellas, & even walked us to our Lyft so that we'd be covered. I cannot wait to go back there & try their food! From the bottom of our hearts thank you to the staff working the night of July 17, 2021.
Nice BYOB on Liberties Walk with outdoor seating, good food, and cool ambiance.  The inside is fairly small, but open, dining area, with a counter immediately when you walk in to make it easy for take-out & pick-up orders, but on nice nights, definitely the outdoor seating is a huge plus!  Side note, they take reservations, but you have to call.

I've eaten from here a few times, mainly takeout, but a bunch of friends and I ate outside recently and had an enjoyable experience.  It wasn't too busy, but the service was extremely slow...we didn't mind, as we were enjoying the weather, our wine, and conversation, but don't expect to be in and out of this place relatively quickly.

They have an extensive menu, full of delicious dishes for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike.  We got the dip trio and selected:
Hummus - this was solid, but kind of tasteless...it comes with pita bread that has been cooked to a crisp and is chip-esque (again no real flavor), so the entire pairing is pretty bland
Babaganoush - again was hearty and filling, but was also looking for some more flavor out of this...too bland for me
Muhamara - others didn't like this, but it was my favorite...loved the crunch the walnuts provided and the roasted red peppers aren't spicy (for those worried about that)

From their hot appetizers, I recommend the cheese boreg and the spanakopita...the cheese boreg was delicious - flaky, warm, and gooey cheese inside...can't get better than that.  The spanakopita was decent too.  Their mujaddara is out of this world...if you like lentils, you will enjoy this dish!  It's simple and easy to eat, whether you just scoop it up with a spoon and eat it like a soup/chili, or dip some pita into it, you can't go wrong. Highly recommend it!

Their falafels are also good here, whether you get the sandwich or the plate. I've enjoyed it. It's plenty of food, high-quality ingredients, and a reasonable price.

Overall, a staple in the NoLibs community and definitely a place I'll be frequenting again (and often).
This place is awesome! It's a little hard to find but it is worth it. We came here on a Friday night. Make sure to make reservations. This place is pretty small - very cute.. but pretty small.

Anyway, we started with the cheese boreg. Ummm this alone would be 5 stars. Seriously. Just get it. Get 5 if you can. So good! Then we got the chicken, the lamb, the luleh platter with different dips. The hummus is on point and the eggplant I loved. I don't usually like lamb but I would say this is one of the best ones I've tasted. That would also be a 5. The chicken and the luleh were ok. It's good but definitely not the best I've tasted.

Lastly, for dessert... yes you gotta get dessert - baklava with cheese. Get it. You won't be sorry. 

This place is definitely a go to place. You need to go!
My partner took me to dinner here and we both overall enjoyed our dinner! There were a lot of classic Mediterranean faves (hummus of course, with pita bread, baba ganoush,  grape leaves, etc.) and a few other things that seemed to be a spin on the classics? (The "Greek potatoes" and "grilled cheese").

Let's first talk about value: we really got our bang for our buck.  We did the mezze tasting menu and were stuffed to the absolute brim - it was only $50 total for us two, and we got a trio of dips (which we could pick ourselves), grape leaves, cheese boreg, spanakopita, falafel, kibbeh kufteh (spiced meat patties), and the aforementioned grilled cheese and greek potatoes.  It definitely was a great value and gave us a good sampling of what the restaurant had to offer.

Now for the actual dishes - I really, really loved their grape leaves. They were on the savory side more than the citrus-y side that I've had at other restaurants, and it was delicious.  The dips were all incredible (we got hummus and baba ganoush and lebni, which is a tart yogurt-like dip) and they were served with these incredibly light and crispy pita chips which for sure tasted homemade.  The falafel and kibbeh were also great. What really threw us for a loop were the "Greek potatoes" (French fries, really. Didn't even bother to take a picture, they were just french fries) and the "grilled cheese" (melted cheese in between pita bread).  The grilled cheese was really greasy and a bit of a mess, and the fries were just sort of average? We didn't really bother finishing much of either of the two, and for sure they were the weakest links in the whole tasting menu, but overall we did love everything else we had. 

The interior is super cute, with lots of adorable lights and greenery to set a mood for a date night or just a nice little dinner. Not a whole lot of seating, but when we popped in on a Friday night it wasn't too crowded and we got seated right away.  There's also outdoor seating.  I would put Apricot Stone on the list if you're craving Mediterranean but would veer away from the non-traditional items.
I have been hesitant to write this review since reading all the glowing reviews.  I will also say this place does try and is new,  but in the long run, trying won't keep them in business.   I went  today at lunch and I could over look the fact of waiting for a table, etc.  However, the server did not know nor understand the menu.  She was overwhelmed and poorly trained.  I did feel sorry for her.  There was a visible disconnect between the wait staff and the kitchen and that contributed to a chaotic and disorganized environment.  Again, there were efforts to mend this, but management must train the wait staff to know how to take orders correctly from the customer and communicate them to the kitchen staff.  The kitchen staff and wait staff MUST work in tandem or this place will go under.  Northern Liberties is an up and coming area that is highly competitive for restaurants.  Mediocrity will not sustain a business.    I have seen places come and go quickly.  For the most part, the food is good, but I swear one of the pieces of chicken did not taste like chicken.   An important issue for this particular restaurant is they are charging much higher prices than their competitors.    And, their prices do not match quite in quality and especially in service. If they are going to charge higher prices than their competition, the quality and service must match.   I for one will not go back.  But, if management doesn't want to be another business going under, they must train the wait to staff to be able to understand the difference between a kabob and a sandwich.  And, the kitchen and wait staff has to greatly improve their communication skills.  I hope management takes heed with my suggestions.  I wish them to get better and good luck for the future.
Hey Everyone,
I'd really like to give this place 5, but I'm giving it only 4 stars because it took forever to get our food and we had 3 kids under 14 with us. It took almost an hour to get fed. The waitresses seemed harried and  explained that the kitchen served an 8 person table and got backed up. 

Other than that, the space is warm and inviting and the food was fucking awesome and with large portions. OMG we filled our bellies with delicious, flavorful food and left happy. The waitress comped me a desert and gave us some dips about 40 into the wait. 

Highly recommend this place and I'll be back when I'm back in Philly

Signed,
A New Yorker
Amazing Armenian cuisine. And I would know I am an armo myself. 5 and a half stars. 
Went here for my birthday and they offered to do family style and let us choose our price point. We asked to pay $25-30 per person and we had more than enough food. The hummus, baba ganoush, boreg and Lahmajoun were particularly phenomenal but everything was fantastic. I hope that this place becomes a fixture in northern liberties because it had amazing food with a great atmosphere and friendly staff.
This place is incredible! I always try to get my boyfriend to indulge in middle eastern food, and he finally decided to try it out. Ever since I got home from a trip to Israel, I have been on the lookout for good middle eastern restaurants and am so glad I found this gem. The quaintness of the restaurant really drew me in and the tasting plates were perfect for us, especially because my boyfriend has never tried any of this kind of food before. I wanted him to be able to try as much as possible and with the fantastic prices we were able to do that. The food was absolutely phenomenal and we will definitely be back!!
Hidden gem. I really enjoyed the food here. We got a cheese appetizer, chicken kabob with roasted eggplants and hummus, beef kabob with a tomatoes salad and something else. I can not remember what it was. All of this came with rice and noodles. Everything was exceptionally good. Our dessert was some kind of warm cheese baklava. Freaking to die for. Crispy, soft, warm and slightly sweet all at the same time. 

Parking is metered. This place was harder to find since it was towards the back of all these other restaurants. All similar suite numbers which makes you feel almost lost. But we'll worth walking around looking for this restaurant.
Told the server I was gluten and dairy free. My platter was served with a giant pita on top....I took the pita off my plate...and proceeded to eat the rice, only to find half way through my plate, that there were tiny wheat noodles in the rice...the waiter apologized and said that he "forgot" that the rice had noodles.....if you have allergies, do not eat here!!!
This is my favorite restaurant hands down. The food reminds me of the food I grew up with, and it is so good! Go here! I want them to stay open forever!
Food is made with lots of heart.  Great Armenian dishes coming out of this kitchen.  Plus BYOB... can't beat that.  Owners are great.  

This place is our go-to when we're out for date night.
We have passed by this place multiple times and finally thought of doing a take out to avoid parking hassles near the Piazza. We ordered lahmajoun, lamb sandwich and luleh kebab sandwich. Lahmajoun was oh so awesome. Perfect quantity of meat between folded thin pita. Lamb sandwich could have been cooked a little more well but that could be a personal preference too. I don't like medium cooked meats in middle eastern cuisine. Luleh kebab was very well marinated and cooked. It was juicy and tender. We were overall pretty impressed with this place and will definitely come back to try some shawarma.
Wow! What a perfect little gem to join the neighborhood. The service was friendly, the space was great but the real winner was the food. 

I came in with a group and that allowed us to taste and sample a few of the dips and appetizers with some delicious crispy bread, the most delicious fillo dough boreg with cheese that was just ouzzing out, so so good, and of course we got some kebabs. The lamb and chicken is what we tried but I suspect they're all equally amazing in taste. I also loved the presentation. The kebabs came in the actual skewers they were cooked with! 

It is BYOB- so you just can't go wrong in any way. There is outdoor seating as well and open space around so it's very nice on to dine outside as well. 

Overall, this is an absolute must try place and I'm sure it will become one of your favorites.
Delicious Armenian authentic food, great service, super cute and trendy décor! Definitely a top favorite on my list of restaurants!
Love this place!! I've been here 7-8 times already even though this place just opened pretty recently.  I go here once a week because I want to try everything!

The food tastes amazing and is always fresh and authentic.  The prices are decent and you get a lot of bang for your buck.  BYOB is always a plus as well.

The dips are all amazing! from the hummus to the baba ghanoush to the roasted red pepper walnut dip.  Love the tatziki cucumbers, the lentils with caramelized onions, grape leaves and falafel.   The israeli salad and eggplant salad are so fresh and flavorful as well. Love that they offer whole wheat pita!

I usually go with either the chicken kebab platter or chicken schwarma platter! And you gotta finish off with some of their homemade baklava as well mmmm!
They have worked out the kinks and the food is fantastic. Well done med food. A great addition to the northern liberties food scene
Given the good reviews, I wanted to like this place, but the food left much to be desired.  

The food seemed to be generic Mediterranean foods rather than the Syrian/Armenian cuisine I was excited to sample.  We had an assortment of appetizers, but the dishes were bland (including a babaganoush that didn't seem have much eggplant at all).  There seemed to be a great dearth of garlic, salt, and pepper in the kitchen.  

The pita chips were my biggest complaint and were not a good accompaniment to the dishes; given that the chef comes from regions well-known for their bread, I was expecting some really good lavash.  Moreover, the chips were under-toasted!  I had many chips that were half-crunchy, half-limp.  It made for an unpleasant texture.  They tasted like store-bought pitas toasted without olive oil or seasoning. 

I don't think I'll be back, at least for some time.
After hearing about apricotstone from friends for months, my boyfriend and I decided it would be the perfect "snow day" lunch spot. 

The dip trio - we selected hummus, jajukh and muhamara. Our taste buds were blown away. The hummus was creamy and flavorful but definitely not overpowered by tahini or lemon. The muhamara was my boyfriends favorite of the three and it was also his first time trying any kind of crushed walnut dip. I LOVED the jajukh with the chunky cucumber and fresh taste of mint. 

While I opted for a falafel platter, my boyfriend decided upon a chicken kebab sandwich (wrap). It was gone in 5 minutes and he said he could've eaten another because it was so tasty. 

While I'm normally not a rice pilaf person, the pilaf served with the falafel plate reminded me why most food tastes better when it's not dumped out of a box and into a pot of boiling water. The tabouleh was a standard staple side but the falafels took the prize. They were gigantic to start and neither dry nor soggy -- always a plus! More than enough to take home for leftovers.

We dined in for lunch and the service was prompt and pleasant. If we lived any closer, I'm sure it would be our standard go-to takeout place. But now that we've experienced just a few of the amazing apricotstone tastes, I'm sure we'll be back for more --- and soon! 

**added plus, BYO.
*** extra added plus, baklava.
My favorite spot in No Libs, actually in all of Philly. Food is delicious and atmosphere is refreshing! 

I recommend everything and anything!
I had the opportunity to return to Apricot Stone, marking what is my fifth visit. Happily, the restaurant keeps getting better. 
My dinner partner and I share a wonderful appetizer, called muhamara. Served in a pole with pita chips, muhamara is a mix of roasted red peppers and walnuts, made into a paste like substance. It was excellent, as were the chips. We also had lahmajoun, which is their version of an Armenian pizza with meat and vegetables, which one can roll up and eat as a sandwich, or tear off pieces one by one. We shared a third appetizer of kibbeh kufteh, similar to the kibbeh you find in other Middle Eastern countries, this version prepared with bulgar wheat shells and beef. These three shared appetisers, or mezze, along with our BYO wine made a meal in itself. However, since everything was so good, we decided to share an order of their Mix Platter, which includes a choice of three dishes; lamb kebab, falafel, chicken kebab, shawarma or luleh kabob, also a beef. At $21, it was an excellent meal, as it also included a dip such as babaganoush, hummus or one of numerous options, plus a salad and rice pilaf.
The meal was terrific and surely was enough, until the waitress described an Armenian dessert called Anoush Abur, a texture something like bread pudding, but made with barley wheat, apricot, raisins and almond pudding. Well worth the finale for the evening.
Seating is both outside, as well as inside, where in the event of inclimate weather, can make seating limited, as inside seating is limited.
A great value, authentic food and very friendly ambiance. I hope this review does not prevent me from being able to get seating due to long lines in the future.
Down the alley off of 2nd Street, on the corner at the end of the block, Apricot Stone is a surprisingly good Mediterranean place. Menu has all the typical offerings. But each was done a little bit better than what we usually encounter. The pepper and walnut spread was yummy. Hummus ok. Tazkiki sauce w cukes was decent but dried mint on the top would have been improved if fresh mint was used. My lamb kabob was overdone. Chicken shawarma was terrific. We got 3 sandwiches, one platter, 3 dip appetizer plus rice appetizer. Tab came to $65. Very decent for 4.
Delicious Armenian food, great service, and great value.  Best kept secret in Northern Liberties.
Five stars is simply not enough. I have always liked Mediterranean food, but this restaurant has officially pushed it to my favorite kind of food. When we first got there, we were asked if we had a reservation, so we were worried that we wouldn't be able to get a table, but we were seated very quickly. Their menu is on the smaller size, but it is by no means limiting. All of the food was freshly (and quickly) prepared. I had the chicken shawarma with pilaf, babaganoush, tabouleh, and a warm white pita. I ate several bites separately, but eventually ended up mixing many of the components and shoving inside the pita so I could shove it into my mouth faster. My boyfriend had a lamb kabob with fattoush, humans, and a wheat pita, and he was also very satisfied. Our bill was only $30, which is very reasonable for dinner in the city. This will definitely be on our to-do list the next time we come to Philly.
Apricot Stone is amazing!  
They have the best tzatziki in Philadelphia and some of the BEST hummus!
Must try their muhamara!! And babganoush!  (Trio of dips for $9)
BYOB with no corkage fee!
Great location!

Everything was fresh and true authentic Armenian.  The owner is a woman who has been cooking her whole life, and started the business as a catering company out on the Main Line.  Their portions are generous, and prices are phenomenal.  The food was fresh, real ingredients.  My veggie sandwich ($7) had perfectly cooked orange peppers- not overly done, mushy or coated in too much oil as per any typical mediterranean place.

Their desserts were truly amazing.  Normally baklava tastes syrupy and is soggy to me, but this large tall slice had chopped walnuts you could actually taste.  My favorite was the baklava with cheese.  They go through their desserts so often that they are ALWAYS from a fresh batch.  

I will definitely go back!
