I have been anticipating the opening of Aqimero, the new restaurant at the Ritz-Carlton, for awhile. I finally made it, and the transformation inside the Ritz was impeccable. However, I have to be honest, after much anticipation, and high expectations, I was rather disappointed. Aqimero was just, hmmm, ordinary! 

- Perfect location.
- Elegant and luxurious décor. 
- Good service. 
- Hefty prices. 
- Very ordinary food! I started with Roasted Corn Soup( semi-flavorful), followed by Mahi Sandwich( nothing special) and finished with disappointing black rice donuts.

If you are looking for a romantic, and expensive spot to show-off, this might be your spot. However, I'm not sure if I'll be back any time soon.
Three Yelps
5 STARS!!!! Visiting philly from Miami, wanted to find a nice restaurant. After looking at 35 menus on Yelp I knew I wanted to try this place. My good friend Robert who's a local said it was on his list to try. We arrived the hostess seated us. Amber was our server, she gave us the best recommendations and she was lovely. Ask for Amber if you want a 5 star dining experience as well. Josh the general manager came over to make sure we were doing great. We had a nice little chit chat about how much we admired the restaurant, the food and the service. Beautiful ambience, Amazing steaks but most importantly some of best customer service in the industry. The funnel cakes churros was the cutest most delicious dessert. A must try!
Located inside the Ritz-Carlton Hotel, Aqimero is a refreshing burst of Latin American flavors. As soon as you walk into Aqimero you know it's going to be a great experience because the atmosphere is breathtaking! The open space layout is creatively segmented into intimate seating areas, some with live foliage. Classic and modern, Roman columns stand among vintage chandeliers and floor to ceiling drapery sheers.

And the food is just as great as the ambience! My boyfriend and I shared a mix of appetizers and sides that made for quite a feast. We ordered the wild mushroom flatbread, caramelized  plantains, lobster mac and cheese, grilled asparagus, roasted corn soup, and the spicy shrimp quesadilla with lobster dumpling.

We enjoyed all of our bounty - however the soup was surprisingly sweet which we hadn't expected. If you've been out to eat often you know that lobster mac and cheese has to be done right. Well I'll tell you this, Aqimero obviously knows how it's done because it was delightfully tasty. But surprise, surprise the meal frontrunner for us tonight was the grilled asparagus! It was truly delectable  with a smoked flavor that stirs up memories of your best-loved summer BBQ.

And let's not forget the wait staff. They were very attentive and accommodating. Actually, everyone from the manager to the servers was impeccable! Each time they served the table it was done as an artful presentation that held our attention and earned our awe.

This was my boyfriend's first visit and my second, we both loved our experience at Aqimero and plan to return soon!
We enjoyed a leisurely lunch at Aqimero. The server was pleasant and didn't rush our lengthy business meeting. 

The food was excellent. I ordered a delicious Wood Grilled Avocado salad ($10) to start followed by the Acapulco Shrimp Ceviche ($14.) Both dishes were very flavorful. The ceviche had huge prawns cut lengthwise. The "leche de tigre" base made the ceviche almost creamy. Served with crisp tortilla chips, this dish was very memorable and I'd definitely order it again. 

The ambience of Aqimero was elegant and sophisticated, but relaxed at the same time. I loved the beautiful white and gray marble throughout the restaurant and hotel lobby. The entree prices are steep however so, I'd likely forego dinner here. But I've read good reviews about the M-F happy hour. So when I find myself in Philly again, I may try to visit during that time--with an obligatory order of Acapulco Shrimp Ceviche. :)
I don't even know how to rate this place, to be honest. It's a little out of my wheelhouse. I came here to celebrate a fancy friend's birthday. (She can pull it off- my style is a little less Ritz-Carlton and a little more quirky-but-stylish-and-moderately-priced-boutique-hotel).

Let's start with the good. The building itself is stunning. Although they did their best to pack tables in, the massive ceiling still allows the room to feel spacious; cavernous, actually, with huge pillars supporting the foundation. 

Our server, though not terribly memorable, was attentive and friendly enough. He offered to answer any questions that we had, though we had none.

Cocktails were good. Good, not great, and SIXTEEN DOLLARS each. What in the actual hell. I was going to try to keep my composure in this review but I can't do it. 

Our group of four shared the spicy crab guacamole ($18) and it was an appropriate portion for an appetizer, albeit not much crab. Are you sensing a theme yet with the prices??

At this point, we decided to collectively say f*ck it and go for a bottle of wine. Why we did this... I couldn't tell you. A glass of wine each was erected from a $54 bottle... I'm crying thinking about it. Where are the $3 PBR cans of yesteryear? The dollar tacos? Where are my fellow uncultured swine??

The lobster mac n' cheese ($18) was exactly what you'd expect- it was out-of-this-world delicious. I didn't need to tell you that. But like.. I just paid almost 20 bucks for a child-sized bowl of mac, and now I feel like I've officially robbed myself. 

Fellow diners had a volcano sushi roll ($16), of which I've had better at any number of cheap sushi places in Philly. The catch of the day ($26) which was cod (I think), tasted fresh and delicious, and came with some sort of pureed root vegetable. I'll give a pass on this one, since it was good and appropriately sized. The seafood risotto ($29) was unremarkable in flavor, but appeared to come with a decent amount of actual seafood. 

There was dessert involved but I was definitely drunk by this point. The moral of the story is that although dinner was pretty good (with the exception of the sushi), the final bill came out to roughly a million dollars for four people plus tip. Not gonna lie, I pregamed this dinner with fries and 4 glasses of happy hour wine at Black Sheep, because of course I creeped the menu on yelp and saw the ridiculousness that awaited me. Would I come here again? Sure, if someone else is paying.
My Wife and I stopped in Aqimero located in The Ritz Carlton in Philadelphia. We were blown away immediately. The atmosphere is just absolutely gorgeous. It was just a fantastic, cozy little spot that creates the most Amazing Latin inspired dishes. 
The hostess seated us immediately and the Waiter Bobby came to our table promptly. He was one of the most professional and courteous Waiters we have ever come across. 
The dishes we ordered were absolutely unbelievable. Everything we had was top notch. 
We ordered the Picanha as our main dish. It came out exactly as we ordered it and was Melt in your mouth delicious. The sides were just as good. We ordered the potatoes and asparagus, they were absolutely perfect. 
We also got Grilled Spanish Octopus which was so good. I have never had it before and I am now regretting what I have been missing all of these years. I had a Stuffed Poblano pepper stuffed with chorizo, rice and Monterey cheese. I wish I ordered two. The prices were pretty reasonable considering the quality of the dinner. I would definitely recommend giving them a try. My Wife also had a few different cocktails and she enjoyed all of them. I would love to go back and try their breakfast. If it is as good as the dinner I think we would enjoy it very much.
Happy hour is a great option and it seems like they have a good array of drinks availble to order on special. These included house red and white and mojitos along with some beers.

I wasnt really happy with the attitude of the servers, maybe ita the location but theywerent all tht friendly and the server forgot my order of mussels and about 25 minutes later i had to ask where they were. "Theyre coming soon", also known as they were just entered. I wont be back because I hate being lied to and nothing stands out about this place.
I selected Aqimero for a 'fancy' dinner.  Walking in, I was a bit underwhelmed as the restaurant is basically the hotel lobby!  However, I did make reservations in advance and we were promptly seated in a slightly more private area.

Aqimero describes their food as a type of Latin Fusion.  Overall, I'm not sure that is a great description, although I did see a mix of Latin and Asian influences.  Our serve took the time to describe a few of the offerings and offered to grab us drinks.  A yelp photo convinced me to order a Tamarind Fizz and it held up nicely.

We started with the Chifa ceviche and table bread.  The ceviche was a smaller portion than I imagined, but was full of Salmon.  I wouldn't say it was a unique flavor, but it was good.  The bread is probably better described as slices of pita, but with more flavor.  Unfortunately, I wasn't paying attention when it was described so need to gloss over the details here, but would call it very good, especially with the spreads that accompanied it.

For our main, we split the Pescado Zarandeado for two and a side order of Kale.  The Pescado was ok.  I was disappointed when I found numerous bones still in the fish and wasn't wowed by a portion that was supposed to be designed for two.  Still, it also came with a few plantains which I enjoyed. The kale may have been the best of the evening.  It was sauteed with murshrooms, onions, and topped with pig skin flakes.  Again, my description may not do it justice - order and enjoy.

We ended by splitting the strawberry ginger ice.  A good dessert and palate cleanser.  Service was great throughout the night, locking an overall experience in the 3.5 star range.  I'd be willing to go back to give them a chance to differenate themselves into that 4 or 5 star range.
This is impossible to give an accurate rating because the bar was awesome both times this visit (and every time I've been there) and breakfast was just stupid bad service for overpriced food. 
Probably overall a 3.5 star.
Here goes...
Bar: absolutely 5 star!!
Started with cocktails here before going to dinner. 
Our bartender Stan was great and very attentive. My martini was perfect . Most Drinks and water are served in cut crystal glasses. The lobby is picturesque. We moved from the bar to a table two feet away to accommodate several others joining us. We had to cash out in between which always sucks. The Kentucky Derby was on the TV which added to the ambiance. There was an elegant wedding party at the bar as well. The second night we came for drinks after dinner. Stan made up a cocktail that was fruity and delicious. I love this bar and will be back.
Breakfast: three of us came for a business breakfast. The VIP who was paying didn't get his meal (eggs) served with ours and when it ultimately came, she forgot his toast. Never remembered. Took nothing off the bill for the long delay in good. The other guy never got his toast either. My green juice was delicious. I got the bagel with salmon and two poached eggs on the side. They served it in arugula and I loved that!
For dinner and drinks​,​ we headed to the Aqimero lounge. We decided to start our night by ordering the Paradiso Social Chandelabra. The ​C​handelabra's that Aqimero offers are huge drinks meant for parties of three or more people but we decided to try our best to split it between the two of us! Not only was it the most beautiful drink I've seen, it was also really tasty! Made with mount gay rum, strawberries, pineapples, and ginger beer, it was extremely refreshing. With our drink we also ordered the meat and cheese board which had a variety of cheeses, meats, and seasonal vegetables on it. We took a little break after happy hour to head back to the room to get dressed for dinner and then headed back down. To start off dinner​,​ we ordered the Nikkei lobster roll and the wagyu beef roll. Both were fresh and excellent. After sushi​,​ we ordered our main meals. I ordered the filet mignon and my guest ordered the whole Maine lobster. We ordered sides of the grilled asparagus and truffle parmesan French fries. Man were those fries ​are ​addicting!
aqimero is nestled inside the lobby of the ritz carlton and while most hotel restaurants don't get as much love in philly as their standalone counterparts, we really enjoyed our dinner here! the servers were very attentive and we couldn't get enough of how clean and polished the decor was inside (lots of navy accents and marble!).

we started off our dinner with their calamari and wild mushroom flatbread - both were generously portioned and delicious. i had the wood burning mojo skirt steak as my entree and it came with a side of white rice with black beans and plantains - all of which made for an amazing latin american dish.

for dessert, i had their funnel cake churro, which was elevated by clean plating and garnished with sweet berries and basil. fried dough is always a win in my book, so it was a great closer to our meal.
Went for my mom's birthday to their unlimited tapas and bubbles for $50. It was so worth it. All the tapas were delicious and the bubbles kept on coming. 

Highly recommend.
There's been quite a bit of hype about Aqimero, the new "Latin-American fusion" Ritz Carlton restaurant helmed by Richard Sandoval - we finally stopped by on Friday for a celebratory quick bite after a rough week. 

The setup of the restaurant is a bit confusing - we were seated in a kind of lounge area, which had super comfy chairs, but because the chairs were so plushy, it made it somewhat awkward to reach the food on the tables! The maitre d' was one of the worst I've ever encountered - she did not tell any waiters that she had seated us, so we were not served until 20 minutes later, when a confused waiter came over and asked if we need menus / were there to eat.

The rest of the meal was very good - not outstanding, but definitely an interesting and inspired menu worth trying at least once. For us, the standout dish was the jidori chicken in adobo - the chicken was tender, perfectly spiced, and accompanied by amazing creamed corn. The spicy crab guacamole was a bit disappointing - the crab was piled incongruously atop the guacamole and was not at all spicy - as was the wild mushroom flatbread, which tasted like the flatbread found at many higher-end health-food chains. The oysters "a las brasas" were quite good, though a tad too spicy.

The drinks were excellent, albeit pricey at ~$16 per drink. Most drinks at Aqimero are mezcal-based, which I had never had before but discovered may be my new favorite liquor. We enjoyed the M&M, an intriguing smokey-sweet cocktail, and the refreshing (but very strong) tamarind fizz.

Our server was one of the best - once we were finally able to get a server. She was very attentive, very friendly and courteous, and had fantastic suggestions for drinks and food. She really went above and beyond, making up for what had initially been a very unenjoyable dining experience. 

With its posh location and really unique drinks, Aqimero comfortably fills the void of a good luxury hotel lounge / bar in the Philly. Given the high prices and strange dining setup, I don't have a burning desire to come back for dinner; however, I would definitely return for fancy drinks.
The ambiance is great but the food is not that great. When your old supervisor calls and says we must get together, the gang has to join him...

There were 5 of us that met for lunch and not one of us were pleased with our food. The fries were overly cooked, the burgers were too well done and the fish was dry. I love the building and the ambiance but was not impressed with the food. I was actually quite disappointed. 

This place definitely will go on my one and done list...
Checked out this place for Sips and it was great! It's definitely a hotel restaurant (huge open area with lounge seating). And, the menu is pretty pricey, so I wouldn't necessarily shell out for a high-end meal. BUT, to grab some great drinks and apps for Sips, it was great!

The crowd was mature, even during sips, and the servers were all so nice. The drinks were interesting - one had activated charoal that was a little grainy (obviously) but also whitened your teeth! The other was a mojito, and was good but extremely sweet.
I believe this place is a bit overrated. We came during restaurant week and experienced cold food and over seasoned food (overly salty).  I realize that restaurant week is probably a busy time to visit, but we were expecting much more (better service, food, etc).  It was frustrating to find out as we sat down that it was an all or nothing deal. We both had to do the restaurant week or just order off the regular menu. 

We came back tonight because we heard happy hour was great, which I will agree, we enjoyed it a lot better than truly dining in. We enjoyed a beverage and some oysters. I believe we learned if we ever decide to come back... it will just to be around the bar.
Honestly the food is super mediocre for the price. I have never had anything here that wowed me but nothing has ever been bad either. Everything has always been cooked perfectly, but honestly expected as a minimum for this price point. The presentation has always been clean as well. 

However, credit must be considered considering how beautiful the atmosphere is. Extremely high ceiling has a different feel. I take out of town guests here to enjoy the atmosphere. 

Over all, i wouldn't come here just for the food. But if you enjoy the experience of dining its worth checking out.
Came in before for the power lunch (app + main + dessert to go) before so I suggested it to some coworkers when we only had an hour for lunch. Unfortunately, this latest visit was a big miss in my book. 

Service, while friendly, was extremely slow. We placed our orders and after a while recurved our mains, no appetizers. We were then informed that they should come out together, and once we were half finished our mains the appetizers came out (not all together). My + a coworkers salads came out with no dressing, and when we asked for some the waitress just said "ok" and brought it over - wasn't super friendly and didn't apologize or anything. 

We asked for the bill and paid and sat there waiting for the promised dessert to go which never came. Had to flag down a waitress who said "oh it's just cookies" and eventually gave us some cookies to go. 

Really bizarre experience in an otherwise beautiful space, but I don't intent to return.
We after staying at the Ritz, this trendy yet deeply rooted historical venue is beautiful! Great to stop for a drink or a quick snack. 

Ps they have Casa Azul, my all time favorite tequila! It's great over ice to just sip through out the night, I wouldn't waste such loveliness on a shot
Came here for a drink over the weekend while visiting Philly with my fiance. We only had drinks, so this review is not for any food. We loved the atmosphere and the drinks. The service was great and the ambiance is perfect! The space is very large which allows for plenty of seating options (bar, lounge etc). I do wish the lights were slighted more dim, but other than that this place is perfect!
Food: B+
Operations: C

I came by for late, weekday lunch during Restaurant Week. Though there were many friendly staff members on premise, operations are clearly not sorted out and service is slow. I waited 30 minutes for my appetizer. 

Corn soup: Rich and sweet, while still being light. A few small chunks of lobster. This was my favorite course, even though it took 30 minutes to come out. 

Fish sandwich: The mahi was tender and done perfectly, but the rest of the sandwich was lacking. I would have enjoyed this better with a more flavorful sauce and perhaps 'upgraded' bread. The side salad was somewhat too simple - just arugula and one cherry tomato, sliced in half, drizzled with oil. 

Black rice donuts: I really thought this would be the dish I would love. I appreciated that the donuts were not too sweet, but the black rice made them very dry. Instead of the citrus sorbet as a side (which was pretty tasty by itself), I think the donuts would have done better accompanied by a sauce (chocolate is easy, or something more unique).

I think this restaurant has potential, but I'm not in a big hurry to return until operations and menus have withstood the test of time.
Ate here when we stayed at the connected hotel, The Ritz.

We sat at the bar because I knew I wanted to order apps. I had a glass of Riesling, it was really good but rather expensive. I think it was $17 a glass but it's just a regular $15 bottle at the liquor store. My husband had a beer, everyone was buzzed and happy.

Good service, bartenders were friendly and nice. We got the crab guacamole and the truffle fries. The crab guac is $18 and I was like, "$18 for guac? This better be awesome". IT WAS. They use fresh King Crab legs to put on top. I was very impressed by that. It might be $18 but they are using $10 worth of crab so it's all good. The truffle fries? Out of this world good! My husband doesn't like truffle flavors, he even liked these fries. 

I got a dessert, the rice pudding. Would not get again. It tasted like peppermint. The bartender noticed I didn't eat much and pressed me about why, so I confessed I did not like it. They took it off the bill! I didn't expect that and it was really nice of them. Excellent service here. 

If you are staying at the Ritz, come down to this bar for at least an overpriced drink and some good food! Sit at the bar, excellent service. Would comeback here!
I recommend for drinks only and possibly light bites.

You would think for the Ritz you would have good quality but we found neither.  I've stayed in the Ritz before, and have dined at the iteration befoe Aqimero - so decided to round out an evening with friends here for final drinks and a small bite.

It's beautifully appointed, and very comfortable.
Service was good, however the food was very lacking.
We had drinks all around, which were very good thankfully.
Small bites of guac and chips, steak skewers, steak tacos, and ceviche.
The ceviche was the best, presentation was beautiful and the colors so vibrant.  It looked like a work of art!

Everything else, very lacking and basic :(
The steak skewers were so chewy, the chimi sauce on it saved it.
Tacos...small....and not much flavor :(

I do give the Ritz kudos though for having very efficient covid protocols, we felt safe and spaced apart appropriately.
Regular guest of the hotel property (Ritz Carlton) in the past and a big fan of the previous restaurant and chef (Jennifer Carroll) so decided to pay it a visit.  Made a reservation for 7:30pm and it was confirmed when someone called me at 3:50pm that afternoon to confirm.

Showed up exactly at 7:30pm and the hostess took one look at me and apparently I wasn't their kind of clientele from her body language.  She informed me all the tables were currently occupied and I could "wait in the bar or something".  

Or I could walk out.  Which I did.  Why make a reservation to be told to wait rudely?  McCormick and Schmick's across the street were more than welcoming for dinner.
Bottomless Brunch review! 

Visited Aqimero a while back for their $50 bottomless food and drinks brunch. The spread of food was really good and the service was up to par as well. Our drinks almost never ran empty and the same was said about our plates. 

There were breakfast tostadas, French toast, pastries, fruits, avocado toast, etc etc etc and everything was good. The drinks were far beyond your typical mimosas. Some has cognac in them, Kir royales, all that jazz. 

I know $50 may seem like a lot to digest, but you definitely get your moneys worth here (pun intended). Definitely a recommended brunch. The hotel itself is beautiful, too.
The service here was def above and beyond. I showed up at the time of my reservation and our table wasnt ready. The manager introduced himself and offered a drink on the house for my guest and I because of the table wait. The thing was there was only at most a 3 minute wait for our table to be ready!! Service was as excellent as we were dining and made for a great experience. We were there for restaurant week so i can imagine how hectic things were but service was not compromised. The food was really good as well! I did NYE at the same Ritz 2 years ago and it was the same excellent serivce and attention to detail. Def recommending to friends and coming back!
The slowest service ever.  Waited 30 minutes for a bartender and then another 15 minutes for drinks. During a convention you would think they would over staff. Rude staff, no selling and no help.
Best Menu Item: Dayboat Sea Scallops (with pork belly!) Gordon Ramsey would be proud of these tender seared scallops. The sushi rice is delicious and vinegary and gives you the starch needed to make this dish filling enough for an entree. Also do yourself a favor and try the Lobster Tacos, Swordfish Dip, and Ahi Tuna Tartare!

Kudos to the Ritz Philadelphia design team for the recent stunning updates to the property. Aqimero, surrounded by enough marble to make Rome jealous, feels comfortable and classy. 

The food here is the real star. Renowned Chef Richard Sandoval created a new and exciting menu that's just familiar enough. You will find mostly seafood here (aqui), but there are plenty of other choices if you're not in the mood.

Hot Tip: Don't leave without having a mezcal cocktail. Aqimero has already amassed probably the largest collection of mezcals in the city and I was told they aren't stopping!
Can't say I was very impressed or pleased with the quality of food and service here.

During a recent first-time visit, I was given the impression by the server that the food was going to be great. The server described the swordfish dip appetizer as "absolutely delicious" which was anything but.

The organic chicken adobo was also highly-touted but was sub-par because the chicken breast portion was certainly quite dry. The steak that a fellow diner ordered was not cooked to order - not once but twice had to be sent back! I understand this is not a steak house but I expected better especially from a restaurant that's located in a grand five star hotel. Even the complimentary bread was disappointing. I also had a side order of fries, which were not better than something you'd find at a fast food eatery. The halibut entree was the only highlight as that was seared very nicely and the flavors were decent.

Pertaining to service, the experience was not much better. We were seated at a table in a questionable location as lighting was not very good and was a problem for my fellow diners that had trouble reading the menu. When asked to be relocated, I was told that other tables were booked already for a number of other groups. Lo and behold, those reservations never worked out. I couldn't even be seated one table over where the lighting was significantly better. In a dining room of about 8 tables, only 2 others were in use - one group table that was there before us, and another group that arrived shortly after. Our seating was very confounding given the availability of others. I don't believe asking to be seated else where is out of the ordinary or even asking much but apparently it is.

The ambiance is great, but that's probably more credit to the hotel and building more than the restaurant.

There's way better options on this block than Aqimero. As a matter of fact, Capital Grille is right across the street. I bet they can cook a better steak blind than the folks at Aqimero.
All the splendor of the Ritz brand, great service, with extremely dissapointing food and mid afternoon coffee that was not freshly brewed and sitting on burner since this morning. If I wanted burnt coffee and a burger dropping grease, could have gone to a diner for a third of what I paid.
Food was either bland,  burnt or too salty.  I liked my cocktail and the service was good but food was quite lacking. For the price,  I would recommend going  elsewhere.
The food was phenomenal and the venue was pretty awesome, but the service sucked.

I highly recommend the crab guacamole and the lobsta tacos. The lobsta tacos are small so you may want to order two. The NY Strip and crab mashed potatoes were really good. I would not recommend the ahi ahi - we ordered rare but it was cooked well done. The drinks were also great but took thirty minutes to come.
The hotel is good, but the restaurant is a mess for breakfast. First we were told they may not have space for five. A table for four was converted to a table for five but the leaves didn't lift up appropriately, leaving an angled surface that threatened having our meals slide into our laps. $6 grapefruit juice is actually some unappealing grapefruit "drink."  Two of us were given coffee without asking for it. Food was fine; service inattentive.
My husband attended a conference in Philadelphia, and we stayed at the nearby Marriott. I brought my sister along on the trip, and we decided to pop into the lobby of the Ritz Carlton to check it out while we were sightseeing since the building looked pretty impressive from the outside. We saw this restaurant right away and took a look at the menus (there's a lounge one as well as one for the main restaurant that's connected in the same large space). You can order from either menu at either place. We decided to return that evening with my husband.

We sat at a large table in the lounge near the bar and ordered an assortment of food to share (sushi, guacamole, a salad, truffle fries) and some drinks. Everything was fresh and delicious. Drinks were good. The space is just beautiful... white marble everywhere, nice atmosphere, not crazy busy, cozy/ambient but spacious (HIGH ceilings), etc. It's pretty classy.

I liked the place so much that I came back for lunch by myself on our last day (my husband and sister were doing a tour of the Phillies baseball field). This time, I sat at a small table in the lounge near the bar. I had the charred avocado salad and the guacamole since it was so good a couple days prior. The waiter was very attentive and the food was just as tasty as our first visit. I don't usually dine by myself unless it's just a quick bite, but I felt completely at ease here. They also don't rush you out of the place, which is nice. I liked relaxing and people watching for a bit. 

I also realized that the chef whose name is on the restaurant (Richard Sandoval) also does La Hacienda in Scottsdale... another place we've enjoyed dining at. 

I'll definitely be back if we return to Philly, and hopefully this time I'll be staying in the hotel too.
Nothing beats fresh King Salmon, it puts farmed salmon to shame.  Nothing beat simple, salt pepper and grill. Nice location at the lobby restaurant at the Ritz Carlton in central philly. A bit on the pricey side, but considering the location and this fresh salmon came all the way from the west coast, I am ok with it!  Fresh Guac was a nice start!
My Luv and I dined at Aqimero for restaurant week January 2019. I was lured by the beautiful setting. Alas the food was as terrible as the environment was lovely. This restaurant presented a pitiful menu for the event, not so much the ingredients as the execution. I had skirt steak, he had black bass. The food was prepared lovelessly as if they couldn't careless about the new clientele restaurant week would surely win other restaurants who gave a damn about what was being served. I will say not all of it was awful the banana bread pudding saved the day , otherwise I would have felt COMPLETELY CHEATED. We spent about $125 altogether with drinks.
Wow, this place has such horrible service!
It is hard to believe it is affiliated with the Ritz Carlton brand. 
If you want to feel invisible, this is your place... regarding food, it is just so so I. Quality. Some dishes have no sense like empanadas with beef, cheese and lobster? You can't taste either. Drinks are decent.
Came here for brunch with a group of 15 people or so for the endless brunch and bubbles for $55. Kicked off to a rocky start. Our reservation was at 1pm and we sat at 115pm. No servers or anyone came around and our food/drink order was taken together at 130pm. We waited with no food or drink till about 2pm. Food started arriving before everyone had a drink. 

Overall the food was great, service was so-so but improved after one of our group complained/we got our first round of drinks. Manager did bring out a complimentary charcuterie board, swordfish and guacamole spread but was a bit silly considering we were at an all you can eat brunch.

Highlights: lobster avocado salad, blueberry empanadas, crab + avocado salad, fruit salad, king oyster mushroom toast, Serrano toast, crab and shrimp enchiladas.  

Lowlights: chicken in the chicken and waffles was a tad pink, bacon was too thick for my liking. We argued we should get another round of drinks after 330 caused we sat for 45 min without drinks - they refused. 

I would come back just with a smaller group.
Stayed at the Ritz and decided to give this place a shot. Ordered the filet - medium.  The steak seemed to be a quality piece but the charred exterior ruined the flavor for me.

I would pass on this place and walk a block or two for a better experience.
Abysmally Awful-- can't believe Aqimero gets to be at the Ritz!

We stopped by for a drink on our way to the Academy of Music this past Friday, thinking that we'd have a quiet drink in a civilized hotel bar.  Nothing could have be further from our experience-- frankly, we'd probably have had a better time at a Best Western out by the airport!  2 fairly ill-dressed greeters were lounging at the steps, blocking entry (not holding doors, btw) as we entered on Broad.  We waited 15 minutes to get a menu.  3 confused waiters kept asking us if we'd been helped (um, not yet, but we think we know what we'd like).  Finally, someone who looked like a manager apologized for the "chaos" in the empty lobby/bar area, and took our order-- gin and tonic for me, a caipirinha for my husband.  What we got was bad water and no gin for me, and a lime-y something. A bartender has to be ***seriously inept*** not to mix a decent gin and tonic.  Back it went.  Another 20 minutes before a caipirinha appeared.  Another 10 before our nuts came--after numerous apparently obligatory smiling reminders.  Since our event at the Academy was now about to start, we asked for the bill, and got one for someone's "lobster taco":  $18.  Somehow, it seemed only fair we pay for it rather than for ours which would have been $30+ for the slosh.  (So it seems incompetence actually hurts your bottom line, Aqimero!)  

It's not unusual to have bad bars around.  But why and how the RITZ could risk this mediocrity on their brand defies imagination. The experience was SOOO atrocious, we actually found it funny.  A group of amateurs who can't take an order, mix a drink, or provide a check in a mostly empty bar on Friday ca. 6pm.  Really.  At the Ritz?  Come on, guys.  Visit a Starr property to see how it's done.  Steven may have spoiled Philly, but no reason the Ritz can't at least keep up.

Oh and btw, the interior could use a real facelift:  the carpet has been around since Reagan; the chairs looks awfully Miami ca. 1980; and well, the drinks, you needn't bother... 

A real shame!
Wedding Anniversary dinner. Ambiance was amazing. Love that it was quiet at the time we went for dinner 9pm. Waiter and waitress very attentive. Food was ok. I wouldn't go back for the food but I would go back if I want to have a relax time with family or friends. Ordered the only non alcoholic drink they have, orange mojito, it tasted like water and sugar with a hint of mint. For dinner i ordered the filet mignon, it was over cooked a tiny bit, flavor on the steak wasn't there. I love the potatoes and the arugula salad that came with it.  My husband ordered the scallops and he said they were good. (I'm not a sea food person so didn't tried his food).  For dessert ordered the banana bread pudding which was pretty good, not overly sweet but on point.
CAUTION - GAVE MY GF AND I FOOD POISONING!!!

After we ordered our cocktails on our Valentines Day Date, my GF and I waited over 15 mins to get our drinks.  During that wait, the people who came after us and sat down was served water while we had to ask for water after seeing them being served first.  

First course came.  Hamachi.  Oh but wait...the soy sauce saucers were dripping wet so so dried it off ourselves.  For a restaurant located in such a high end hotel, service is subpar thus far.  Back to the hamachi - the fish was good alone, but everything else that accompanied the dish drowns out the dish.  

Octopus was strangely sweet and tough to chew.  Could use some salt and citrus. 

Shrimp ceviche was free - thanks! We didn't order it, but the waitress came over to give it to us anyways.  Doesn't really matter because it was pretty flavorless.  

Tuna Nekkei - why served with sweet potatoes?  Doesn't make any sense and none of the flavors came together.  

The salmon we had to send back because it was extremely fishy.  In fact it was BAD! Why would you serve us spoiled fish. 

Wagyu - portion was so small.  THere was hardly any beef in our roll.  

Lobster roll flavors didn't meld together.  Tastebuds were confused. 

Overall - this place was overly ambitious with trying to be a Japanese Fusion restaurant?  I do not know how else describe it.  All I can say is that both my GF and I had food poisoning for the next few days.  I would never go back here and would not recommend it to anyone else.
Came here for a work cocktail party event. My It was fantastic. Katelyn, Eddie, Jordan and Jenna made the night lovely. They had great service and kept the drinks flowing and people smiling. My only concern is that the appetizers are pretty dainty :/ I wish they were more upfront about the portions. The space was magnificent though. Loved the building architecture. The super high ceilings made the whole place feel super grand. Very cool. I would def venture back! The Spanish garden was hands down my fav drink! Great tequila based bevy so you don't need to stay with a margarita all night.
This is an amazing new lobby bar and restaurant in the Ritz-Carlton Hotel! I enjoyed mezcal cocktails that were mixed to perfection. The city needs a high-end latin spot and I was excited to try it out during it's first week of operation. 

Aqimero is off to an excellent start. I can't wait to try to the raw bar and food menu soon. I'll be back soon.
Came here with my fiancé, to celebrate getting engaged and it was an amazing experience. The general manager heard about the engagement and came to our table to congratulate us with two glasses of champagne. And to top it off, the food and service were both great. We will be coming back very soon
Went here for Mother's Day. There was 7 of us. 2 out of 7 had their steaks cooked correctly.... either too well done or bleeding.... and these are some pricy steaks. The side dishes were edible. Don't usually like writing bad reviews if I've only been to a place once, but for being inside the Ritz Carlton, and the prices of everything, I'm so sure I won't ever go back again. Don't even get me started on the side dishes...
I hadn't planned on hitting the Ritz Carlton after a brutal work week, but as my train was delayed I felt called to a familiar refuge. Imagine my surprise and at first dismay to see my tried and true classy bar had morphed into aqinero. But as the Bar Grooves-style music brought me some degree of comfort and the bartenders were just the right amount of friendly I decided to settle in and try my first mezcal-based cocktail, Gato Diablo AKA Devil Cat, much like a feline I have at home. With its rustic, earthy taste the beverage was a pleasant surprise. Next up was the sweeter pina pastor that featured pineapple and cilantro vice elderflower, ginger and egg white. As I couldn't make up my mind on the variety of seafood dishes and variety of appetizers I went with a sampler of two oysters, two cherrystone clams and four shrimp cocktail for $16. Must admit I'm not a huge oyster fan but these plump blue points won me over. But have no fear meat lovers! There are a number of steak as well as a chicken option on the well-rounded menu.
Happy hour review:

This isn't my first Richard Sandoval experience so I went in with high hopes for well crafted drinks and decent small bites.

Went on a Wednesday during SIPS of course but wow lets start with the space. It's in the Ritz, super swanky but plays on the original structure very well with a modern twist and so does the menu.

So with SIPS a lot of the places use the sponsored liquor as the base for the happy hour special so I had one of them it was an orange mojito, I requested because everyone around me had it and it was so good! Food was great too I had their wings. 

The wings. Wow. It's was recommended to me by a regular. Thank you. I'm not sure what the sauce was on the wings but it was everything. 

It's definitely a more professional vibe. People there after work, business meetings, etc but don't get intimidated by the high class atmosphere and doorman. It's a great spot for anyone looking to take a break from dive bars and just want to find a guaranteed comfortable seat. But again, it's the Ritz, so you'll also have exceptional service from all around.
I absolutely love restaurant week! This place was my first stop. It's conveniently located just outside of City Hall inside the Ritz Carlton. The decor is beautiful. Everything on the menu was fabulous! I tried the poké, avocado salad, adobo chicken (a bit dry), skirt steak (fantastic flavor), but my favorite was dessert. I'm not usually into sweets but both the banana bread pudding and the churro waffles with ice cream were delectable. I was excited to get a pisco sour since I haven't had one since I last visited Chile, but this one was a bit too tart. The service was wonderful also. I would definitely come here again.
I've been here a few times. I love the ambiance of this place. On the entry floor of the Ritz-Carlton hotel, Aqimero is a great meeting space or a spot for dinner.
Five stars for very good service; three to four stars for everything else.

Food is above average for an "in-hotel" lobby dining venue, but hardly exceptional. White anchovies in the kale caesar salad added a nice touch, but the kale was past peak. Bread served with the salmon sandwich and several other dishes was hard in spots and soggy in others.

Net, net: very friendly, attentive staff was the highlight of an otherwise unexceptional meal.
Enjoyed a wonderful dinner with my family in this spectacular spot.  For starters we had the Grilled Spanish Octopus and Wild mushroom Flatbread.  Both were very good choices.  Delish in every bite. Very delicate and tasteful.  Entrees were exquisite and chef specialties.  Looking forward to dining here in the near future.  Check out pics and indulge.
This is a foodies heaven from the atmosphere, to the ambience, to the service and let's not talk about the decadent food and desserts I had the pleasure of being the first to experience the hot chocolate bar for the season it's a must try you have topping and different types of sprites to add to mama homemade hot chocolatier it's a must visit my foodies
While visiting the city we made reservations here based on a recommendation from a colleague.   So glad we did!  Excellent food, service and atmosphere.   A bit pricey so be prepared, four of us shared all plates except dessert and had two bottles of wine.
This place is BEAUTIFUL.. its located on the lobby floor of the Ritz-Carlton... I felt like a Roman goddess in there with the long white curtains and tall colosseums.. its cozy and dim; perfect place for a date

The service itself was great and everyone was pretty attentive but the food did take a while to come out

The food tasted amazing so I guess it was worth the wait.. You get comp pita bread and salsa like dip along with this sour cream/cream cheese dip- both food

I ordered octopus and braised beef.. My date ordered the shrimp and waffles.. everything tasted great

My ONLY complaint is my entree was missing a side of black beans ragout and when I pointed that out to the waitress she said it was part of the sauce?? So I showed her a pic from yelp and pointed out the exact dish had actual black beans.. she went back to the kitchen and foundout that they ran out of black beans and she didn't know and she did apologize.. She offered me another side and I ordered the Mac.. the mac wasn't that cheesy and it was kinda runny 

I believe good customer service would be informing your customers that something ran out.. this isnt a rinky dink restaurant and I expected more especially if you're paying a pretty penny.. they need to work on communication
I was really excited to try Aqimero because who doesn't like dining in a completely beautiful piece of architecture - seriously, the interior is GORGEOUS with its high ceiling and pillars. However, I was a bit disappointed with the food. The food was not bad but did not meet the expectations that such a lavish restaurant would. The highlight of my dinner was the cheesy bread - like wow, I don't think I've ever had bread quite like that? The consistency inside was cheesy but still soft doughy bread and that butter completely topped it off. I did enjoy their tostadas, make sure to add lime. Their hanger steak was hard to swallow, literally. They charred the outside wayyyy too much; the roof of my mouth definitely took a beating. The steak was also a bit too salty. The flan was good but nothing particularly memorable. The service was very slow despite there not being many diners BUT extremely polite and nice. Overall, go for the ambiance because you'll feel classy and beautiful but there's better food out there, specially for the price tag
Wet after staying at the Ritz, this trendy yet deeply rooted historical venue is beautiful! Great to stop for a drink or a quick snack.
Went there on a Friday night with some friends for the best food and service in center city Philadelphia. Chef Paulo serves up amazing spicy crab guacamole and mushroom flatbread to die for. Also can't miss the delicious quesadillas and octopus. The service was exceptional and the ambiance was delightful. Can't wait to go back.
I went here for the brunch (all you can eat/drink with champagne cocktails  for $50), which I thought was great.
The main negative sentiment of the brunch given the deal, is that they are slow. Admittedly, the drinks are not the fastest but I think the waitstaff does their best and they are pretty on top of asking about refills. The food came out pretty fast and the wait staff again did a nice job of helping advise us how to manage our orders to ensure we got what we wanted.
The food and drinks were great, something for everybody ranging from acai bowls, to chicken and waffles, to bagels and lox.
I also want to hype up an underrated aspect of the brunch, people watching. Man there are some interesting characters dining here, I felt like I was amongst celebrities even though I couldn't really recognize anyone, it just had that vibe. Definitely a few tables that could have come straight out of real housewives on bravo.
Anyhow, highly recommend, just make sure your group is all aligned on the "All you can eat/drink" option as they don't let tables do both a la carte and buffet style, so that'll work out to roughly $70 a person depending on your opinion of gratuity policy.
came for restaurant week so i wasn't exactly surprised although i have had some stellar restaurant week meals...

the space is beautiful: high ceilings, lots of marble, very stately yet modern. and, despite the restaurant being one giant, open room, it was never too loud. I had drinks here previously and I think the bar is a great spot to grab a drink before dinner elsewhere. 

service was mediocre, honestly. they were very polite and accommodating, yes, but we had to ask for refills on water, additional drinks (never offered like, 'hey can i get you another whatever...') and new silverware multiple times. the silverware really gets me... at the Ritz, I expect top-notch service and providing new silverware for each course should be standard. 

as for the food... we ordered a cheese plate for the table (not on the restaurant week menu) which was fine, nothing special. it was $28 and it probably serves 4 people best. for my first course I had their pork tostadas which were, again, fine but not mind blowing... tasty but not stellar. The main reason for the 2 star, rather than 3 star, review is my entree... I ordered the black bass which was kind of a joke of an entree if you ask me. If you look at my photo you can see I received less than 1 full spear of asparagus and MAYBE 1/4 cup of cubed potatoes although I'd bet it was a little less. I understand that the fish entree is usually considered a 'lighter' dish but the accompaniments were just laughable. My fish was cooked well so that was a positive but the dish, overall, was salty and I typically laugh at reviewers who complain about their dish being salty because who doesn't like salt!? but this was too salty. Overall, I finished my meal probably a good 10 minutes before everyone else because, well, there just wasn't much to eat. For dessert I had the bread pudding which was tasty albeit nothing like bread pudding if you ask me... more like a piece of fried dough- crispy outside, soft inside.

I like to give places a fair chance but I don't think this place is worth a return trip.
They are up and running as best they can right now and seem understaffed but making it work ! It's a tight ship 10000% because of the manager , John. I truthfully would not have enjoyed my times here this weekend if he weren't so accommodating to every guest. He somehow makes it look effortless and is able to help staff and patrons continuously. They are lucky to have him I really mean that
This menu is interesting. I was not blown away by what I ordered but it was good.  I didn't have a huge appetite so I decided on the grilled octopus (what I considered an appetizer portion) and the gem salad. The octopus was actually very flavorful and I loved the sauce that it was paired with. I wish you could order this dish in a larger portion. The salad was just ok. The description definitely caught my eye with the blood orange slices and the grilled avocado. Other than those two items, it was very plain. I liked the vinaigrette as it was pretty light and tangy. The lettuce was good, tender. This salad needed crunch. Like some roasted pine nuts or sliced almonds. And maybe some crumbled or shaved cheese of some sort as well. Service was great. I'd possibly go back, but the menu choices didn't really wow me. I think it changes regularly so I'd check back.
Indoor dining is available with limited capacity. The ambiance and service was great. The restaurant used disposable plates and utensils which was not very ritzy but understandable during these times. 

Ordered the summer salad, steak frites, and cacio pepe. The food was average and overall enjoyable. Beware there is no ranch available for the fries!
Honestly, I was a bit surprised by the menu because nothing really popped out to me. The best thing I tasted had to be the Wild Mushroom Flatbread and the Corn Tostadas, which were super flavorful. Other than that, I felt a bit underwhelmed. The churros we had for dessert were very hard and sadly difficult to truly enjoy. I also was shocked that all I received with my steak were peppers. I thought it would at least have other vegetables. The Restaurant Week Menu also had a lot of fish, which made it hard to decide on something, being that I'm not much of a fish fan. 

The best part about this restaurant is that it's decor is phenomenal and I wouldn't expect any less being that it's the lounge of the Ritz-Carlton. The staff was incredibly friendly and attentive. We had several staff members come and ask if we were doing alright. Everyone also wore masks, which made me feel very safe as well. 

All in all, I feel like dining here is more for the experience vs. the food.
This beautiful restaurant is inside the Ritz Carlton Hotel in downtown Center City Philadelphia. I went for brunch and had the Pina Colada French Toast which was delicious. For drinks I had the Blackberry Margarita and Champagne Cocktail. The options are a little pricey but I recommend to go if you want to dress up a little for a nice date or a nice outing with friends
