Absolutely phenomenal french pastries. The croissant was extremely puffed out and light while still being buttery on the inside and flaky and crisp inside. The croissant sandwich had super savory sausage, fresh eggs, and oozy cheese.

I'm not exaggerating to say this is one of the best french bakeries in the USA.
(5 Star Rating based strictly on food) Super legit. 
Perhaps the best croissant you'll have in the states. Bold statement? Try them! Perfectly buttery and flaky. Filled to perfection with a variety of goodies...cheese, cherry, mocha cream, chocolate, almond, etc. I hear they also make a pretty fantastic breakfast sammy such as bacon, egg and cheese on one of their famous croissants as well as a pretty solid bahn mi. Even tofu ones for us veg-heads! Add a delicious Iced Vietnamese coffee, or Thai when she makes it, and you're all set. The super kind owner suggested the sticky sweet sticks for the kiddos. Try them all....and then head directly to the gym! 

Our order of 3 croissants, one stick and one coffee was about $17. Extra couple bucks for tip jar. Cash only. Fair. 

There's was a line for this small corner, no frills shop just off of East Passyunk around 10am on a Saturday. I suggest getting there early. They open at 7am! It did move fast and you can tell there were "regulars" in line who know what's up. 

There's only a few seats inside as well as a few outside in nicer weather. Not much to the place but the baked treats is why you're coming, not  for ambiance. 

Typical South Philly parking. 

Oh, they also received:  

The James Beard Foundation Award for outstanding baking in 2015. 

Best of Philly bakery 2015 

Travel Magazine Best Bakery.
On my most recent visit, I got a Blueberry Cheese Croissant and Almond Croissant.  They were fresh out of the oven.  Upon my munching, tears of joy literally streamed down my face.  Angels also resounded seraphific hymns.  It was glorious.
If you want great croissants with a lot of fillings, you have to go here. Pistachio is my favorite. Peaches and cream has big slices of peach with creamy custard. 

Baguette doesn't have hard crunchy crust but moist and perfect chewiness, great for sandwich like banh mi. If you don't see the baguette you can ask the owner. He will get it for you. 

The brioche toast is delicious. I had apple kind with thick slices of apples. The bread is thick and not soggy.

Super friendly owner too.
Best of Philly bakery? James Beard Foundation award for outstanding baking? Yes, please. My friend lives around the corner so she took me to Artisan Boulanger Patissier over the weekend to kick off my two day jaunt to Philly. At 10am, most items in the pastry case were sold out, which was understandable given the spot's popularity. After enduring a bit of a line, we left with a buttery croissant and a flaky pastry topped with creamy cheese and strawberries. Perfect treats to enjoy outside on a balmy spring morning - which was exactly what we did!

Cash only, no frills atmosphere, the baked good speak for themselves. Next time I visit, I'm arriving early and buying everything.
Artisan Boulanger Patissier (ABP) should not be confused for the corporate bakery with the same initials: Au Bon Pain. It's the complete antithesis, in fact. I mean it as a compliment, truly. Artisan Boulanger Patissier (ABP) has a discernible charm and soul. It's a fabulous neighborhood bakery.

I don't need to sing the charms of the bakery. Only casual visitors without a clue show up after 10 am, because most of the baked goods have been cleared out by the neighbors and regulars before then. Much to the neighbors' chagrin, I presume they'd rather keep it a neighborhood secret, the bakery has been "discovered". It's already won a James Beard nomination (actually they've won three, but who's counting?) and culinary acclaim for not just its croissants and baguettes, but also for its croissant beignet - what else but another acclaimed response to the Cronut (you can probably sense my wild enthusiasm for the national stimulus response chain reaction triggered by the Cronut...) 

I can't say that I'm in love with their croissants, and actually only really like the almond croissant here (one of the best versions in the city). But, I do appreciate their baguettes and banh mi. And, I love love their success story. You've gotta have a heart of stone to begrudge them their fame after the years they spent trying to make it big as an Asian couple in an Italian neighborhood, selling French bread. For some reason, their story reminded me of Kahlil Gibran's: "If I stay here, there is a going in my staying; and if I go there is a staying in my going. Only love and death will change all things."

It must've been love...
Some mornings, I wake up and I feel like I live in France.  I arise from my canopied bed, don my beret, pour a 100ml glass of black current juice, and leave my cozy, petit apartmént because of course I only walk to work.  I make my way down Philadelphia's olde world cobbled streets to grab my proper continental déjeuner at the most authentic patisserie in town, Artisan Boulanger Patissier.

Visually unassuming on the outside, this real ABP has already snatched your attention with the exquisite aromas from down the block.  Come early enough and you'll only see a handful of rough looking croissants and viennoiserie pastries in the case.  That's because the husband and wife couple are busy making magic for the day in the adjacent kitchen. There's only a small menu and many of the items are not usually ready at the same time.  But that's irrelevant because they're all phenomenal.  

Artisan Boulanger Patissier is the real deal.  This is one of the few places in the US that makes a croissant indistinguishable in quality and taste from some the best viennoiserie's in France.  It's crisp and flaky on the outside, soft and tender on the inside.  True, the almond, chocolate, cherry, pistachio, or blueberry-cheese filling may add their own twist on the divine creations incarnated here, but a simple croissant here is great enough.  

Come early, when they're still warm.  Also the coffee is very good, strong, and fortified too.  The perfect complement.  Sadly, as many times as I've been here, I haven't gotten the baguette yet.  But knowing the couple were trained in France, I can only assume they know what they're doing.  

I would come here every day, but alas, I don't live in France which unfortunately means I am susceptible to gaining weight somehow.

Warning: Cash only, not sure if they take euros.
Yay!  Artisan Boulanger is back!  Although I'm a bit sad that their move has added a few extra blocks to my journey when I need a croissant fix, I'm very glad they have stayed in the East Passyunk area.  I like that the new spot has a lot more seating, including outdoor seating.  And I like the extra door in the back, which makes it easier for people to get in and out.

For those of you who are not familar, Artisan Boulanger Patissier is a local French bakery that makes some of the most banging pastries.  In the words of my slightly hoity toity boss (when I brought croissants for the office one day), "wow, these are real croissants".  Damn right they are.  Damn right.
Heading towards East Passyunk the other day, I stumbled on a café with Viennoiserie written above the door.  Of course Viennoiserie is French for tasty baked goods from Vienna and usually denotes a café with high quality pastries and breads.  And guess what?  That is exactly what this café serves up.  The Cambodian couple who run it hail from Paris.  It is a nice slice of Europe right on the edge of trendy. And the Viennese flaky layered cherry pastry is highly recommended!

 *  Un tuyau pour les francophones - Le propriétaire parle français et aime discuter tout au sujet de l'Europe.
 *  Ein Tipp für Österreicher - Der Besitzer hat eine Schwester, die in Wien lebt und er hat Wien ein paar Mal besucht.
I finally made it after finding out about this place in February! I came twice and they were closed during COVID :( and after a 4 month hiatus they are open again!!
To make up for a 4 month delay I got 5 croissants to eat myself today my croissant sampler was delicious. Their plain is the cheapest I've seen in philly and VERY good. Blows hipster joints like Tatte in Boston/DC out of the water. 
Although the plain croissant is the true test of lamination, my personal favorite flavor is almond and so had to get both the chocolate almond and plain almond. These were truly mind blowing. There is rich, thick almond paste permeating the flaky buttery crusts. I'm not sure I can eat other almond croissants after today, after having eating 2 of the frozen Trader Joe's boxed croissants yesterday...
I can see why this place was voted best in Philly. The outside may not be your typical bakery storefront, but the desserts inside are amazing! I was craving something sweet and stepped into this place in the late afternoon. Most of the desserts and breads were sold out, but I was lucky enough to pick up an almond croissant. The store is CASH ONLY so beware! Anyways, the almond croissant ($3.50) was so good! It was definitely worth the price considering how big it was. I was able to share it with my sister and the custard inside wasn't too sweet. It was so good I almost wanted to get another one. The dough was baked to perfection and I wish I could have dined here earlier in the day to grab more goodies.

I'll definitely be back here if I am ever back in Philly. Only downside to this place is the cash only and the fact that parking can be a beez.
In their new location, you can get perfect croissants, baguettes, and a host of other crazy delicious baked products.

Sadly, their Vietnamese coffee has taken a hit since the move. It just isn't quite as good as it used to be.
Authentic croissants with a Vietnamese twist. Yes, you read that right. 

My boyfriend's French boss raves about this place, so we finally had a quick sit down. We knew walking up on a Sunday at 11ish that there was a chance it would already be out of food and be closed. That's what some of the nay-sayers don't understand; in proper European style, once the food is out, they will close. 

When we walked in, the place was simple: display case with a few croissants left and a back board menu with the espresso and Vietnamese offerings. We listened for how someone in front of us ordered the croissants because there was no real menu. We then got 2 bacon, egg and cheese croissants, a double latte, and the cold Vietnamese coffee. The sandwich was great. Salty and flavorful bacon. The croissants though--the reason to go here--were buttery, flaky and texturous goodness; we almost got a second round! Even though the sandwiches are pre-made in the back, they were still warm. Our drinks rounded it off, and everything hit the spot. 

Next time: I'll be trying the blueberry croissant, but I'll have to come earlier.
Amazing pastries and cappuccino. Would prefer real cups for eat in, but a small price to pay for such fabulous fare. Our new goto for light breakfast indulgence.
Guys.
I have a confession to make. 

The hubs and I have been to ABP every Saturday for the past 4 Saturdays. That's right, count 'em, 4. F O U R. 

There are a few new cronuts in town: coffee glaze, boston creme, and a new flavor is in the works. Get there early because they are made in limited quantities!

Also worth the butter: almond sticks and bacon, egg, and cheese croissants. 

Grab some baguettes to go with tonight's dinner while you're there.
I think every croissant that's made here is great! Wish they would label them. Arriving 8:30 on a Sat. morning there was a huge asst. and they all looked amazing. KInd of a pain to have to ask what kind is that? Next time I'll just point and choose. Figure I can't go wrong. So far the pistachio, cherry cheese and hazelnut have not let me down.Buttery, flaky & crispy on the out side.Fillings ooze out on the tray.

The baguette was very good also;not the best though. The croissant egg sammies look good and I hear they have banh mi.Next time.
My favorite bakery in the city, I found you again!!!!! Ok, little story, I went to Artisan Boulanger patissier a couple of time in the past months before they moved. But one morning, while I was going to get my fix of French croissant... Sadness took me over... the store was closed... and no sign as to where they moved... I checked on yelp for a sign, something telling me they were not really gone forever... but nothing... So I started to get over it when out of nowhere, I was looking for a café place nearby my house on yelp and come up "Artisan Boulanger patissier" on my "nearby' café place! It took me literally 3 second to get ready and jump on my car to go check it out! And here they were, now located on 12 and Mifflin! I was SO happy!  So enough for the story, now time for the food... I got in and I just wanted to buy everything... but I had to settle for only a couple of choices... I took the pistachio croissant.. Just amazing, the croissant is very crispy and the pistachio taste was not overwhelming the croissant taste. I also got the sandwich ($4 for this BIG sandwich!? So cheap and so good!). I can't remember the name but it was just delicious! Pork pate, pork shoulder, carrots and a bunch of other things that made it very good! Finally I took a baguette and an orangina. I would lie if I was to say it's the best bread I ever had in my life (yeah I am French, I got to try plenty of amazing bread) but given we're in the US, I was pretty satisfied with what I got! Nice staff , very eager to help you decide what to order:) LOVE this place, LOVE IT!
It was a year ago since I visited the place to purchase croissants (plain, almond, pistachios), whole wheat baguette, rolls and viennoise at several occasions, different times/days of the week. 
That time, I was tired of mediocre croissants and baguettes in the center city.
Based on Yelp's outstanding reviews and other online information, I learned this Artisan Boulanger.
When first visited this Boulanger, I was delighted to see and taste their efforts of bread-making from scratches, which made this place shine in comparison to mega-bakeries or "home" bakeries in-fact-baking factory prepared dough, displaying as if they created all.

This time when visited early afternoon on Tuesday, bought a croissant and a baguette. The owner said, "Baguette is not whole wheat." when I asked about "Do you have whole wheat baguette?".  I translated his words as that they stopped making whole wheat baguette. 

Tasted at home: 
The croissant had real salted butter taste, while inside was not light, nor fluffy, instead more moisture left or doughy. 
The outside view of the baguette showed crispness, while the "skin" of the bread was not crunchy nor sturdy as real Parisian baguettes which I know. 

Price went up from $1.75 to $2.25 for Croissant in a year, while I do not recall the price of the baguette last year, since I used to buy whole wheat or rolls. 
At one point, they had more sweets such as madeleine or some tarts, but did not see them this time, and the owner did not say, "they were sold out". If he feels like, he may resume making, I hope.

After a year, this place is still shining as a real home made bakery, while the taste itself may need revisions or reflection if they would like to attract clients beyond their neighborhood. 
One acquaintance of mine who lived in Paris as well told me as information from one chef at a French hotel in the city, that after all it is all because of the flour here and there, which dictates the taste and the texture of the bread. 
Yet,  I respect their efforts of serious bread making from scratch.
Doesn't get much better than this. I recommend the breakfast sandwiches. All the baked goods are top-notch.
I've been here a few times. Although parking is a struggle, I find the pastries to be pretty good. 

However, one person there is a bit unpleasant. Every single time I've been there I noticed that she's rude to me but not her "customers"...whatever that means (I assume she doesn't want any more "customers" or regulars.) For that reason alone, I will no longer return and won't recommend them to my friends and family, which is a shame because their pastries are great. With that said, there are many other bakeries in Philadelphia.
Delicious!  so happy this place moved into out neighbourhood. I like to pick up special treats for meetings at work and everyone loves everything!
Excellent bakery, hands down the best in the neighborhood. Get here early on wknds, they sell out. Tofu bahn-mi is one of the best in the city second to only Fuh-wah or Kung Fu. Wish they labeled what pastries are what, or had a board with what the have in stock as the day wears on. I feel dumb having to ask for everyone and it's not easy to discern chocolate from mocha, strawberry from cherry, almond from hazelnut etc with no signage.
Almond croissant.  Banh mi.  Baguettes.  Iced Coffee.  Breakfast croissant sammiches.  ALL amazing, wonderfully priced, and did I mention amazing?  Cause they're amazing.  

Cash only, don't forget to tip these folks!
I have been going to this place for years!! This place has amazing croissants !!! I have had their pistachio, chocolate almond, almond, hazelnut, and their breakfast croissants!! They have a pork belly banh mi and tofu banh mi that I have tried In the past! Their tofu banh mi is very good but you can not go wrong with any of their croissants ! My faves are def the chocolate almond and their breakfast croissants: bacon egg and cheese or the sausage egg and cheese! This morning I had their cronut and it was amazing ! The custard was not too sweet and the cronut nut was very flaky ! The owners are very nice people as well!
The best bahn mi I have ever experienced in my life! And their croissants turned me into a convert. I mean, I had certainly had croissants before. But they were always just another option on a bakery tray. But these are LEGIT. 

They also do baguettes which are so good I can eat an entire loaf in a day by myself like the hungry, hungry caterpillar. Every time I walk by the loaf I need another little slice... Dangerous stuff man.

Yes, they are only open a few days a week. Yes, it is cash only. Yes, there is sometimes a wait. But if you sleep on this one it's your loss. 

Fav items: tofu bahn mi, peaches and cream croissant, baguette to take home to keep this party going.
I live for a good croissant and I've become such a snob because I'm fortunate to travel for a living! But this hidden gem takes the cake for the best bacon, egg, and cheese croissant in south Philly! The Vietnamese iced coffee is amazing ( you can get it hot too. They also have other delish pastry options and traditional bahn mi sandwiches. Trust me there are so many cute little cafes but this place is a must and is better than the ones around like it. they are taking precautions for COVID order at the entrance and pay then wait for your order at a door on the side. CASH ONLY, don't worry they have an ATM, also they're closed MON-WED (I know sad) but hopefully that'll change soon enjoy my pics!
Stopped by this morning for a breakfast croissant. The place itself looks a okay. It looks huge but disorganized. Not much of dinning space. There were only sweets on a display. Restroom is private and clean. We ordered bacon,egg and cheese croissant. Egg and bacon were real and tasty. Croissant way too buttery.
This spot has one of the best baguettes in the city. There is always a line but never too long and always worth it. Their bread is so flavorful. It is soft in the middle but the crust has a nice chew, which is how I like it. Their croissants are amazing. I prefer the plain but the chocolate is good too. Their beignets are delicious. Cant wait to try their bahn mis. Cash only.
If you want great croissants with a lot of fillings, you have to go here. Pistachio is my favorite. Peaches and cream has big slices of peach with creamy custard. 

Baguette doesn't have crunchy crust but moist and perfect chewiness, great for sandwich like banh mi. If you don't see the baguette you can ask the owner. He will get it from the back 

Super friendly owner too.
This bakery makes the world a better and dramatically more delicious place.  

An unassuming but absolutely welcoming little storefront opens up to reveal some of the best pastries and breads to be found in Philly.  I go there most weekend mornings to enjoy perfect pastries and coffee, pick up bread for the week, and people-watch. The couple that owns the store is friendly and accommodating, and it's clearly a labor of love. 

The only downside? I used to bake bread all the time, and now I have no reason to.
Really tasty items here and fresh. Try them out once to be hooked and enjoy the professionalism they show.
These pastries are flaky, crispy and perfect. I bought cheery cheese croissants, chocolate, bread, pork belly banh mi and the traditional one. All were freshly made and delicious. The lattes were also very good.

Space is small but very cozy. Parking is hectic. Lol Service is good. Family runned but very personable to customers.

I'm hooked and a big fan of tasty pastries. One of the best bakery in South Philly.
Don't know why people are raving about this place. It's just OK. Order the banh mi pork belly. Pork belly was flavorful but the banh mi was missing something. Needs a sour component like a picked carrots to cut through the fat of the pork belly. They just put shredded plan carrots. Croissants were OK. Place looks old and outdated. This place needs alittle help. Both just lacking that little something to make them great. Overall just good.
The BEST croissants in the world is in Philly! Loved the almond croissant! I'll definitely be back next time for more!
I'm basing this review after trying their bacon egg and cheese croissant as well as the chocolate almond/almond croissants.  Wow. Unbelievably delicious.  My girlfriend and I usually make the trip to New Hope PA to the french bakery Cest La Vie in New Hope for their croissants. We thought they had the best until now.  Go here and try them all.  Staff very friendly too.
Don't believe the 1 in 20 reviews that say these aren't the best croissants ever. About 1 in 20 people also love the Olive Garden. I lump the two groups of people together because the croissants are so good that I'm writing this "Yelp!" Review at 7:08 am on a Sunday morning, impatiently waiting to go get some croissants when they open at 8. I've been thinking about these things since I got up this morning because it's quite possible I was dreaming about them last night.
Amazing pastries, inconsistent customer service. 

They serve some of the best pastries I have ever had.

The store hours are not consistent. They do not have a website or any social media presence. It is also a little disconcerting when no one is there to great you and and take your order. The people working there have been friendly, just not professional.
I love everything about this place. All the pastries are really good. Their croissant breakfast sandwiches are the best - Bacon or sausage with fried eggs. 

You have to pack your patience because the service can be slow sometime
So happy to see they reopened I was so upset when I went to there old place and it was closed by far the best chocolate almond croissant I have ever had.  It is like a little bit of heaven.
Stop by and thought they were closed but I wanted something sweet and they were open. The almond crussant was like something I would ask for right before I was going to the electric chair. I think I heard angels sing! Ahhhhhh!!!
André and Amanda are the best at what they do in the city, and maybe on the whole East Coast. There aren't enough superlatives to accurately sum up the breadth and depth of their skill. From the consistently flawless espresso, pastries and fresh bread to the exquisite desserts and new additions of sushi, paninis and banh mi, there's nothing that they do that isn't soul-affirmingly good. 

Go early, go often, tip accordingly.
I just had one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten in my life & it only cost $4.50!!! The tofu bahn mi is out of this world! The bread is crispy & chewy in the best ways, the curry sauce was spicy but flavorful, carrots fresh & crisp, tofu pan seared & piping hot... Peeerrrffffeeeccctttiiiooonnnn!!!!
Gave 4 out of 5 stars because the service/atmosphere isn't the greatest but with sandwiches like this I can deal with it no problem! 
Yummmmm!!!!
I cannot express how thrilled I am that this place has moved closer to my house. While I usually go just for the bread (which I think is the best in the city), I have also had a few of their pastries which are equally delicious. If you're unsure of what to get, ask! The staff are super friendly and knowledgeable.
Their croissants are out of this world!! Of course the first time I try it is the day before the owners leave for a two month vacation! I'm having an intense craving right now and they will not be back until March. What is a girl to do!?!? I seriously cannot believe I took this long to come here and I'm glad that I finally did. It is seriously that good. It's like buttery deliciousness. I also ordered a tofu banh mi and which also pretty amazing. 

March can't come soon enough...
The croissants are to die for. Flaky, crispy and soft butter croissants. I have tried all of the pastry and they are amazing. Also the hazelnut and raspberry croissants are my favorites. Fyi, thw owner speaks french fluently.
This little unassuming corner bakery makes some crazy good almond croissants. Like top of the top of the line. I wanted to turn around and go back for more (and they weren't even the reason I went in the first place).

The reason I ventured to Artisan Bolanger was for the Banh Mi (vietnamese hoagie) ­ which did not disappoint. I got the pork belly variety ­ they also offer veggies­only version, I believe. It was a very good sandwich ­- great mini baguette with melt­in­your­mouth pork and veggies with the perfect crunch. My only complaint is that the cilantro stems were left, which may be traditional or whatever, but it sets you up for that awkward bite where you pull the whole cilantro plant out of the roll.

Don't let that stop you, just take dinosaur bites; but definately go and get those two items.
I am a croissant fanatic.  This was my main reason for going here.  The inside was super buttery amazingness, as a good croissant should be.  The outside was a bit too crispy on top and the bottom was black burnt.  It was so hard to enjoy the rest of the taste because the burnt flavor prevailed.  I will certainly go back and try them again.  Hopefully a non-burnt one will let the flavors shine through.

I also find it slightly disappointing that I have been to this store twice and the first time they had nothing at all left for the day.  It was a weekday around noon and there were no baked goods at all in the store.  This most recent trip it was a Sat afternoon and they had 6 croissants left to sell.  I understand that a good bakery sells out, but usually there is SOMEthing left to buy.  Not here.  I understand them not wanting to over bake and have waste, but this is kind of crazy.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! My only complaint is that they ALWAYS run out of stuff.... Even if I get there at like 12! Maybe that's late in bakery time... Get there early if ya want the goods!
Not sure how they do it, but the pastries and coffee just keep getting better. Every bite and sip transports me back to Paris. A true indulgence - in what surely had to be the best pastries in this city, run by Vietnamese immigrants with a flair for French baking. I love this cities diversity and what it means in terms of culture.
Artisan Boulanger Patissier recently moved from smaller digs up the street. It's new location--easy to find with the Grand Opening sign on the front--is a little farther away from me, but well worth the extra walk. Rightly heaped with praise, this place makes delectable French baked goods. Try a croissant and you won't be disappointed, if the hazelnut and chocolate one I had today was any indication. The baguette is also excellent, with a crackly crust and toothsome crumb. Total cost? $5.75!! GO NOW.
First time here, today. Came here for coffee and a place to sit with my son. The wonderful owners gave me some pastries.  Blew my mind how good they were. Apparently, I didn't know what homemade pastries tasted until today.  The owner is from France.  So good, seriously.
Where do I begin... I loved almond. I love chocolate. I love croissants. I am now addicted to the chocolate almond croissant here! WOW. AMAZING. I accidentally purchased one (I requested plain almond but the chocolate almond somehow made it in my bag). I have a feeling this was secretly planned to make me keep coming back for more. Seriously this thing is a game changer. 

Aside from this amazing little delicacy, the bacon, egg, and cheese croissants are equally delicious and warrant a separate trip (or be a glutton and enjoy both - shhh, I did)

My only slight gripe (but clearly not a big enough gripe to take away from the overall rating) would be that on a few occasions (yes, I've been here several times) the bottoms of the croissants were burnt. Oh well, it wasn't really a big deal, but definitely something some people might have an issue with. 

Overall, I've loved everything I've had from here and will definitely be back!
Great coffee, and great banh mi.  I got the Traditional Banh Mi and the bread was freshly baked, and all ingredients fresh and delicious.  Owners very friendly and helpful.  Great hidden gem...strongly recommend.
The chocolate almond croissant will change your life. It's so flakey, buttery and perfectly sweet. There is a wide assortment of pastries and fresh bread. I love dessert and this is my favorite bakery in Philly.
Just grabbed a trad banh mi and coffee for lunch... mind blown.  Quality ingredients and huge for 4 bucks!  My friend got the ham croissant and finished it in 2 minutes. The owners are sweet and engaging.  I may have found my new coffee spot!

I'm holding out on the last star because I want to try everything else on the menu, which they're building out to include an evening byob with sushi.

Whatever the case, go get some!
Simply the best pastries in the city.  The best I've had anywhere in the world.  The pistachio croissant, the mushroom, everything I've ever had has been absolutely incredible.  There's really not much else to say here.

Oh, don't believe me?  Ask my friend James.  James Beard, that is.

Also the couple that runs this is Cambodian, not Vietnamese as many (including myself) have assumed.  Both trained in France though.  A great story and a great little shop.
The best banh mi in the city. Both the pork belly and the tofu are delicious and pretty spicy. The traditional French baked goods, especially the croissants, are also great.
Artisan Boulanger Patissier is worth the trek from wherever you are in the city. Pro tip: Call in your order ahead of time. They work fast, but sometimes there are a lot of people waiting because it's not a secret that their breakfast sandwiches are some of the best. 

I get the bacon, egg and cheese on their fresh, housemade croissants. It is the perfect buttery vehicle for this. Depending on your level of hunger, you may want to order two or grab an almond or chocolate almond croissant for later. 

Cash only - ATM is on site.
I am so sad that I have lived in South Philly for so long and JUST GOT AROUND TO TRYING THIS PLACE. 

First of all, their tofu banh mi is actually....out of this world. Like, the sandwich was HUGE (more than I usually eat in one sitting) but I was still so so sad with every bite, just KNOWING that I was that much closer to finishing the sandwich. I am not exaggerating. The bread is perfect and they have this incredible sauce (some type of curry sauce, I want to say?) that makes it absolutely perfect. My boyfriend hates tofu everything! And even he was fighting me for another bite of my sandwich.

I can't wait to go back for another banh mi! Also can't wait to try some of these croissants after looking at all these yelp photos!
Best Mom and Pop French bakery in the city!
You name it! All types of Croissants, plain, almond, pistachio, chocolate! They got sandwiches and banhmi sandwiches! Coffee if great too! Cheaper than other French bakeries and one of philly's top 10. Had to sit down after I took a bite of my egg and cheese on a croissant! Other yelpers that rates this place less than 5 stars must be looking for plain old white bread! Go to shoprite and rate that 5 Stars! Keep your pedestrian taste buds to yourself!
This place isn't terrible, but after reading the reviews, I was expecting some amazing, French pastry-worthy pastries out of this place. I took one star off for the ruined expectations.
The other star I took off for the pastries themselves. Even though the taste wasn't bad (we bought 5 different pastries), the dough was not flaky in the two croissants, as it should be in puff pastries. Instead the layers were gooey and glued together when bit into and didn't spring back up. 
Overall, the puff pastry was too oily and moist. I can only assume they didn't use chilled butter as one is supposed to when making puff pastries. 
I was also not a fan of the hard outer shell of the pastries. It was actually an effort to bite into them. I think they were slightly over baked. 
The Thai coffee was pretty good, very strong and very sweet. But a new experience, I've never had Thai coffee before.
Very very good. Just like France.  My only complaint is that when I arrived approx half hour after opening, all pastries were not available to buy.  Still baking many of them.  Awesome, no less
Mmmmmm...Croissants....My parents were coming for a visit and unless they were hungry for wilted celery with a side of Sriracha, I figured I should go get some snacks. This was the perfect motivation for me to drive alllll the way across town to Artisan Boulanger Patissier. I picked up some HEAVENLY almont croissants, almond chocolate croissants and a baguette.  All were amazing.  I'll definitely make the drive from the north side of town again for these tasty baked goods! (Note: they're cash only).
Artisan Boulanger Patissier. Translation = Master baker Pastry cook. Need we say more?
The pastries are what keep me coming back for more. The buttery croissants never get old. However, I have noticed recently that Artisan doesn't operate like a professional business. There is rarely anyone at the counter to take orders when I walk in, and I feel that I can never depend on them to be open. They recently decided to close for practically the whole month of august, and notified customers by scribbling on a piece of paper and taping it to the front door. I love the family owned feel to it, but I don't think it's being run with it's loyal customers in mind.
The best ever! Andre and amanda are the greatest. They work so hard on these pastries and it shows
Unassuming Vietnamese? owned French patisserie in the heart of South Philly. Whenever I'm craving a freshly baked pastry, this place immediately comes to mind. 

The space is clean and functional, the staff is accommodating and very friendly, but most importantly, their baguettes, croissants, pastries and banh mi are lovely in every sense of the word.  You can absolutely tell the care and effort that goes in to everything that they do here.

I'm not a huge sweets person so the savory filled croissants are particularly amazing for breakfast, although all of the sweet ones have been fantastic as well.  However their plain croissant (something often poorly duplicated en masse for coffee shops around the city) is expertly made with delicate layers of buttery baked perfection and a slightly toasty, crispy outside.

Lastly, their banh mi are also worth a trip.  I'm a big fan of banh mi and every one I've had in the city has been good (meat? mayo? bread? spice? how could it not be) but not very substantial.  The banh mi here are authentic (they use liver spread), substantial, crunchy, spicy, and delicious.
  
I love this place.
Holy crap the chocolate almond croissant is amazing. Got 5 loaves of French bread (for Po boys) and two croissants for $16, which I thought was a great value. The bread is great, crispy on the outside and soft and fluffy inside. The only knock is cash-only.
The very very best bakery I've been to in years. I literally feel like I'm in France again when I bite into their wonderful pastries. Their chocolate almond croissants are really in a different league than all the others croissants in town.

I was surprised they also sold banh mi - the tofu banh mi is pretty good but their pork belly banh mi tends to be too fatty (I prefer less fatty pork pieces)
Great place, great filled croissants, including bacon-and-egg and spinach-and-ricotta, and don't forget the perfect baguettes!
Holly smokes the best banh mi ever!!!!!!!!!!! My coworker referred me to go here for their pastries and pork belly banh mi. Well they didn't disappoint one bit. We bought 3 pork belly banh mi, almond croissant, strawberries cheese croissant, chocolate croissant and plain croissant and let me tell you everyone enjoy every single morsels of it. Definitely will return soon.
Came in for coffee and pastries on-the-go and ended up sitting down to have lunch! It was hard to choose, but we settled on the apple turnover for me, fruit and cream turnover for him, and a banh mi to share. 

My apple turnover was sweet, gooey, and flaky - I definitely enjoyed it. The banh mi was insanely huge - stuffed to the max with a thick spread of pâté! The bread was good, but sadly not crispy like other banh mis in the area. I didn't see or taste any of the egg/mayo/butter, which was kind of a bummer... But the ABP banh mi is definitely a meat lovers' banh mi, for sure.

While we ate, Amanda came by to talk with us and she was very sweet. I'm glad that we were able to congratulate her personally on the new storefront because sometimes owners are more behind the scenes. She was not though - she was chatting it up with everyone that came in. 

Where was Andre? He was in the back whipping up a batch of their in-house version of cronuts! And lucky, lucky us. We were able to get our hands on three of them. Fresh, hot, sweet, flaky CRONUTS. And they were pretty amazing. (IMO, better than Swiss Haus' version.) The top layer had a coating of sugar, and there was a thick layer of cream custard between each croissant layer. Omg. It was heavenly. Half way through, I thought I couldn't finish it... But next thing you know, it was gone.

I may have had my day's worth of calories here, but it was well worth it. Definitely coming back.
Holy cannoli this place is good! And I don't think they have cannolis but that doesn't matter. I have never had pastries like this in my life. They're rich, buttery, and slightly exotic. Get the little thing that's filled with pistachio paste. Amazing. Only taking one star off because they're so popular that they run out of food really early.
The croissants and baguettes are amazing. Just a heads up, as of 8/18/20 they are only open Thursday - Sunday.
Looks can be deceiving!

Croissants are supposed to be flaky, buttery goodness. A perfect croissant is not gummy or squishy, the pastry should be filled with air so you can see the folds inside. These were not the words I would use to describe the croissants I bought. Fool me once, shame on you! Can't fool me twice!

The pastries and bread looked good but they are all an illusion. I bought a few croissants and they were all doughy, oily and undercooked. This can make people sick. It should not be sold.
I've been coming here for years and try my best to keep this place to myself but I have to talk about my experience today. As I was waiting outside, a man who was waiting for a sandwich told me there were no more baguettes or almond croissants- literally the only reason I came . But something told me to go in. I was told to wait 30 seconds for hot almond croissants from the oven- what a treat! Warm, buttery, super flaky, almondy and just delicious  I don't know if I can have them any other way. I was also lucky enough to score a small baguette, also fresh from the over. This place is a gem! Ca$h only.
I was hosting a brunch at my home and found this near by pastry shop. I got their quiche and croissants. My friends love the quiche and the almond croissant was really good. I would definitely go back. Only down side is it's cash only. So you have to hope you take enough out. I mean if your buying quiet a few items your not sure how much everything is going to cost so it's better to pay with a card. But I get the "cash only" business. Items are very good and I will be back.
Artisan Boulanger patissier is a great place to get French inspired pastries and sandwiches. I've had both the pork and tofu banh mi. The mayonnaise is nice and zesty and provides a great contrast to the fatty pork or sweet tofu. I don't have the best teeth...so the baguette crust is a bit too thick for my teeth but my husband loves it. 

The chocolate almond and cherry croissants are flaky and buttery and are a great dessert after a banh mi. I also recommend the Vietnamese ice coffee. It has a nice hint of almond to it which is unique compared to other Vietnamese coffees in the area.

In terms of COVID precautions, only one group is allowed in the store at a time so there is usually a line outside during the weekends. After you order, you wait outside at the side of the store until someone brings out your order.

Cash only!
This place has the best croissants in the city, hands down - maybe the best croissants I've had outside of Paris. The rest of their pastries and baguettes are also very good. Good hidden place to get an espresso and a snack.
The sausage egg and cheese croissant in the morning is a Godsend. Along with the almond croissant. I made the mistake of getting a sad croissandwich from DD, and felt like I betrayed this establishment. I owe this place an open letter apology for this treason. I also owe my friends, the South Philly Soup Queens an apology. They introduced me to Artisan Boulanger Patissier.
The almond croissant is amazing. The almond filling I believe is homemade. The pastry is very crispy. Next time I will try chocolate almond. They have other croissants such as pistachio, hazelnut, berries. Their baguette is really good too especially when it just comes out from the oven. Cash only.
I love this store and its pastries. 
The sausage egg and cheese croissant is the best that I've had in Philly.  I love the pistachio almond croissant is flavorful and crispy. The only problem is that you have to go early in the morning otherwise all the good pastries will be gone.
I heard they sell out quickly, album I went on a cold rainy day midway through the pandemic and got whatever I wanted. 

Some of the best breakfast sandwhiches in the city. Does not have any fancy sauce or adds that some of the other top joints in this regard have, but it is Served in a long, buttery, fresh and homemade croissant. The sausage is the standout one. 5 bucks each.
Ordered a pan au chocolate and coffee and sat in to enjoy them. I was in HEAVEN! Light and buttery without being overly rich.I was so sad when it was gone. Before I left, I bought an almond croissant to have at home. I ate it before I even got there. No regrets.
3.5 stars for the food so far. 

Debatable if it's worth the far trek, but the pastries are ok. Definitely don't come in the am if you want a bahn mi. 
I assumed that they would, but they don't and she said it was only for lunchtime. 

I got the pistachio and chocolate croissants. Missed out on the bahn mid which I assume are the stars of the place. The pistachio one was more like puff pasty wrapped pistachio paste. Kinda heavy looking and not super flaky. The chocolate croissant looks better with more layers and flaky top crust. 

It's really far out of my way so still deciding if I'll try again for lunchtime bahn mis when I can breakfast bahn mis elsewhere.
I call this place Ol' Reliable. Why? Consistent quality, tastes amazing! I always get the baguette, almond croissants, and waffles when I visit here. They have FLAKY croissants. The way it was meant to be, crunchy and soft. Not like the bready kind you get at the supermarket or chain coffee stores. The baguette is crusty and chewy. And my sister says the waffles to be the best. Also, the Vietnamese Iced Coffee is great too, strong coffee, sweetened condensed milk - what's not to love?

It's fast service if you come PREPARED. It is CASH only, but fret not, if you forget, there's an ATM inside. Highly recommend! Will definitely come back :)
This place is so consistently amazing.  I picked up a tofu Bahn mi last week because I was in the neighborhood and have been craving another since. So I had another today. Every one of the ingredients are delicious on their own and together are magnificent. Do yourself a favor, go grab some cash and go sample whatever suits your fancy from the menu..it's all great!
