The food here is offensive to people who are not intoxicated. 

You will actually find yourself wishing that you were eating dinner on American Airlines overseas flight ingesting Lean Cuisine's take on chicken. 

One time I set a piece of salmon on fire. The fire department put it out. That char of salmon tasted better than Axis' grilled chicken platter. 

I was pulling an all-nighter and ordered Axis to make me feel better. Now, I'm not only tired, I'm also worried about contracting food poisoning. 

The grilled chicken platter is chicken bits from the salad bar that they warmed up in a microwave and dried out. On the side, I got a salad (which was tolerable, a high compliment for this horrible establishment). 

Macaroni is hard to fuck up. Yet, Axis did the impossible and fucked up mac and cheese. It is simultaneously oozing Tostito's-esque "cheese" and has no flavor.

But the string beans, the string beans are anus of the anus meal. These strings taste like they've been sitting out for a million years. They're slightly white and totally overcooked. They cannot even be salvaged by the included ketchup packets (the highlight of the meal). 

Overall: If you're thinking about ordering Axis, you're better off eating spoonfuls of ketchup.
I'm so disgusted with this place I had to calm down before writing a review. Okay so today we where blessed with our first real cold weather day so I decided to order breakfast to avoid taking my kids out in the cold. I called to place an order for delivery and gave the women my address. She asked me to repeat it and placed me on hold. I heard shouting in between her and a man about my location. Then before the lady who answered, even took my order she said ''We don't deliver ''up there at night,''  '' I said ''Okay, why are you telling me that and I'm ordering breakfast?,''  ''It's 8 in the morning,'' She says I'm just letting you know,'' WTF? I Feel like that mess was low key racist, classiest or just both. Yeah, I live in the Hood but that was completely irrelevant when I am calling at 8:00 am to order Breakfast.  It gave me a really bad vibe so I was considering canceling my order. Right when I went to cancel the guy showed up.  The food was abysmal the bacon was not cooked like I asked. It was leathery and greasy. Then they're was the muffin, oh God, the muffin....It wasn't a muffin it was Muffin-esque.  I bit into it and to my shock and dismay I bit down on a ROCK.  A bleeping rock!   At that point I snatched the food from my oldest and threw it in the trash. They should be ashamed of themselves and I definitely will be going in and demanding my money back.  I will never in this life or the next, or the one after the next, ever order from this establishment again and I will only be recommending Axis Pizza to people I hate.
Yuck yuck yuck. I finally decided to give Axis pizza a try since it's practically on my campus. The space itself is really big and I guess a good place to quietly do your work on your laptop.

The slices are huge for the amount you pay. A full pie is around 13 dollars. With the only positive being that, the pizza was bland and tasteless. Came out cold as well. ( I suspect we were given the slices on display which were probably old and cold by now) Ordered half half of pepperoni sausages and buffalo 
chicken. 

The pepperoni which you would expect to be salty was flavorless. So strange!!' The consistency of the pizza doe was again... Flavorless. Nothing good to say about the buffalo chicken either. The chicken chunks were huge but absolutely flavorless. Not enough sauce on the pizza as well.

The only thing that had flavor was the orange soda I had at the fountain stand. So sad, won't be coming back here.
Ordered 3 large pies for Nurses' Week at my hospital. First, what I received was not what I had ordered. Second, it looked like it had been hit by a hurricane by the time it got to me - with slices on top of one another and toppings all over the inside of the box - everywhere except on the pizza itself. When I called the restaurant to explain, the guy told me "get the f* outta here" (amongst other extremely nasty comments) and would not let me speak for even a minute to explain what happened. I eventually hung up when I realized the customer service for this place was just as poor as the way my pizza looked and tasted.
Went there because it was close to where we were and it got solid ratings on Yelp.  I am not sure what the people were thinking.  The place was completely empty at lunch time and had three tables with trash all over them.  There were 3-4 workers there that didn't seem to think that was an issue.  The cashier ate chicken wings while waiting on two different customers.  

The pizza was average.  Decent crust.... almost no sauce and the cheese was overdone. I would guess being in a college town that it may taste better after a night of drinking.  The best part of the meal was the soda that I had gotten.  Also, found it funny that the fountain soda is hidden around the corner, so that you will buy the bottles that are in plain site. Found the soda fountain after sitting down. No mention of it from the lazy cashier.  

Overall severely disappointing... Would not return.

not sure why this was filtered.... truth is truth... but hopefully this re-posts.
Ordered room service my last morning here in Philadelphia. Why did I do this!?  

Lame food!

We got eggs sunny side up with toast... no toast! 

French toast and pancakes no syrup. 

3 sides of bacon... received 2 sides of bacon. 

We waited 48 minutes and got the missing bacon. We were done eating like 20-30 minutes earlier!  

I'm never ordering from here ever again.
I ordered two chicken Caesar salads and I'm literary waiting about two hours for it to arrive not a phone call check up or anything fuck Axis Pizza I'm over this shit business completely horrible experience.
Staying at the Sheraton next door and I had a funny feeling that axis cafe was actually axis pizza but the food came and confirmed it with the box and receipts. 

Ordered a small pepperoni pizza and a chicken Cesar with soda.

The salad was good. It could have been great because the dressing croutons was nice but it lacked Romain crunch. Was mostly thin lettuce. But it had really good grilled chicken and a large portion too.

The pizza was great. A little nice flop and decent flavor. Not a must try best in the city type but was still great. Fast service and a nice delivery guy.
Summary: Passable food, Terrible service, Much better after remodel (but still a 1*)

Having been to Axis 4-5 times over the course of the last 3 years, this last experience really was the final one that I'll ever have.

The food was passable at best - but the point to note is that the pizza (after all, this place does have the word Pizza in its title) was just bad. How bad? Really bad. The only redeeming factor was the salad bar, which was somewhat diverse in its choices and earned this place the single star that I gave it.

Service - the staff is just downright miserable, and do their best to pass that on to the customers. Giving them a 20 to pay for our meal got me a reproachful look, as if I should have counted out exact change for the attendant. I've never really experienced this kind of service before, and hope that I never do again.

On the upside (if you can even say that there is one), the place is a lot less dingy after the remodel, but even then, they get a single star from me. Not happy - you're a lot better off at Mad Greek's Pizza or Ed's Pizza on 35th and Lancaster, right up the road.

Pro Tip: Avoid this place. Sorry, Axis Pizza, but that's the sad truth.
School cafeteria quality food.  There are tons of better places within two blocks.  Dont bother.  

I watched a family pull all the cheese off of their pizza, scrape the sauce off, and replace it with ketchup.  These are probably the kind of people that gave Axis Pizza a five star review.
Just as bad as every other philly pizza place. 
I'm from New York, so maybe I'm a pizza snob. But the food here was unappetizing. The sauce tastes like it was from a prego jar (that's a bad thing). The crusts are chalky. Just a disappointment.
Good sauce is so easy to make:

Roast chopped garlic in a pan with olive oil. Add 2 cans crushed tomatoes, one small can of tomato paste, salt, pepper, red pepper flakes, lots of fresh basil, dash of sugar. Cook on low for 45 min, stirring frequently. 

It's easy, fresh ingredients. Axis pizza, and philly Italians step up your game and standards.
This place is unprofessional. They messed up my order three times and took over an hour to bring me the correct order. I will never again order again from this place!!!!!!!!! BAD SERVICE AND NASTY PEOPLE!!!!!
I ordered Axis for my coworkers to boost their morale during this difficult time. Axis called immediately after I placed my order to let me know they were out of a specific ingredient for my salad. They even offered to call their sister restaurant to see if they had any which I appreciated! My coworkers enjoyed the pizza, we got the cheese, white, and BBQ chicken. Everything was great!
Everything here is burnt...or at least the pizzas are. The salads look kind of burnt too.
This is the worst food I have ever had! Delivery would not come into the Hotel, and I had to walk around the corner to get our food.....pizza was cold....cheese sticks and onion rings were cold...
I informed the front desk that they should NOT recommend this place for their guests....delivery should be at the front desk, not outside and around the corner from the Hotel!!  $40 dollars in he toilet!! Thanks AXIS PIZZA! You fucking suck!
Dominos and Pizza Hut will be my choice next time! 
Btw...this place is 11 minutes from my Hotel! No excuse for cold food!!
The service here is the best! Food is fast and pricing is right! If you want a lot of option go for the salad bar - crisp & fresh!
Found an inch long piece of metal in a burger...looks like it could have come off a steel wool scouring pad...
Use to order from here all the time because they had excellent food and great prices. Not sure what happened recently, but they increased their prices and now their service is horrible. 
Their delivery person just asked me how much my order was because he lost the receipt. I canceled the order after waiting 10 mins for them to correct the problem. They then "offered" to make a new pizza which I would have to wait another 40 mins to get delivered by a new driver.
Web says open until 1030, voice mail (called 3 times) says open until 1030.  Walk over at 10:07....no we're closed, summer hours, we just found out.
I'm very picky with my pizza and there's just something about this pizza that just doesn't cut it for me. Their salad bar on the other hand - best thing ever. They have so many toppings and has literally everything I love from craisins to sunflower seeds, they have got it all! Sometimes they even have garlic bread for free on the side for customers to enjoy - not the best bread, but still pretty cool! They have kind service and it's been very clean each and every time I've went!
Summary: So it's definitely gotten better, and I'd be more than happy to revise to a 4-star rating now, within the category of pizza shops and college eateries in the area.

After constant requests from the owner to come by and try out their renewed and refreshed restaurant (supposedly new ingredient suppliers and new pizza ovens, etc.), I did. But not at the promise of the gift card or complimentary order - those things would have just skewed the review, since I don't feel that Axis would have given me a taste of their daily grub if I pre-announced my arrival (gosh, do I feel like a critic or what!). Nope - I got food out of the blue - and under a friend's name.

My stealth tactics aside, the food was actually pretty good this time around. You can definitely taste the better ingredients in the pizza and in the other items, such as the hoagies. We only had a sampling of the menu, but we'll definitely be ordering from here a LOT more often now, since I'm now a fan. I'd recommend this and Ed's for the best low-cost campus eateries in the area, for sure!
Though I am no longer living in Philly, the owner of Axis Pizza reached out to me and offered a gift card to try the new pizza. In ernest, he agreed with aspects of my review and wanted to let me (and you) know that Axis has new brick ovens.

This gesture was beyond expected, and if I were living in Philly, I'd be back at Axis in an instant - gift certificate notwithstanding.

It's a gem to find owners so caring and open to feedback...so please, give Axis a go, and let me know how it is!
Axis Pizza is very convenient- its 24 hrs and within walking distance of two universities. With that being said, it still manages to produce meals that are surprisingly quality. This place boasts about using fresh ingredients, and you'll see what they mean after your first bite. 

The food is simple, good, and fairly priced. Its my go to for late night meals and it hardly let's me down!
The service at this place is dreadful. The guy who took our order was condescending and rude. It was even more annoying because he's a 90 lb loser. 

My wife and I decided to check this place out because we heard they had a decent salad bar. Well, we didn't know the salad bar charged by the pound--what is this, Whole Foods? The annoying order-taker rolled his eyes and spoke in mumbly broken English, like he was so inconvenienced that he had to take nine seconds to explain this to us.

The salad bar itself was decent. The selection was a bit broader than you would expect from a hole in the wall pizza place and most of the foods was relatively high quality. The greens, however, which are the most important part of a freaking salad, were wilted garbage. This factors pretty heavily into the low rating (coupled with the awful service). 

We also got a shrimp appetizer. It was pretty good--decent portion and alright quality. Not amazing, but not bad by any means. 

Back to the terrible service: We had our one-year-old with us and they didn't even offer a high chair. We had to take turns holding our son as we ate. Considering the fact that no one else was in the entire restaurant, they could have at least offered some assistance in this area.

It sounds like this a place for college kids to show up for late night pizza and wings. That's cool, I guess, but don't expect to get acceptable service and don't expect much from the salad bar.
I ordered spaghetti meatballs and i found a hair as long as the spaghetti. Called them saying hey i was there 5 mins ago and i found a hair in my food i didn't still touch my food since i found the hair the moment i open the plastic lid so I asked if they can deliver the same exact food and I will hand the driver the food the I have and added a coke! He asked me if I'm going to pay for it! I said you should give it to me on the house since I worked in a restaurant before and i would've done it if it was my restaurant fault but didn't want to argue over a coke and said yes I will pay for it. The guy said that I had to pay for delivery fee and I tried make him understand that I shouldn't pay for a delivery fee because I picked up my food and I found a hair in it and it's not my fault to walk all the way to them to get my food. Delivery was late for an hour when I called them back asking about my food they said they lost my address and phone number so I said ok here's my address again please hurry up. Driver gets to me at 5:30 AM and i picked my food up at 2:30 AM. 1st time experience and the last time it will ever be.
The pizza from this place is decent and they deliver 24/7, but the customer service is apparently pretty terrible. After ordering from GrubHub and tipping on my card, my phone died. I figured that they would, you know, ring my doorbell when they got here. Nope. It was 3am at this point, so I just ended up going to bed, thinking I would deal with it the next day. 

I called the place up and explained, and the man said "That's not our problem. If it was our fault, I would refund your money. Maybe you should be careful with your phone." Um, alright. He refused to acknowledge that the delivery person could have rung my doorbell and just said that they only deal with customers through the phone. 

So, great. Not ordering from these jerks again.
I ordered hot wings and they were great.  They got delivered earlier than expected.  Thanks!
The main cook in the food prep area began assembling a lunch meat sandwich WITHOUT gloves! He saw me watching, put them on, and proceeded to finish the same sandwich.  A  few minutes later, while engaged in an animated conversation with his co-workers, he  reached for his cell phone, which was on the shelf above the food prep area. They all looked as he scrolled to something, they laughed... then he went back to making sandwiches for the same order. HE DID NOT change his gloves after HOLDING and SCROLLING his cell phone!!!  

I told the guy up front what I witnessed. He looked and saw that he was making the sandwich, and said "he has gloves on!"   I told him they were the SAME gloves he had on while holding his phone.  The up-front guy didn't say anything more, pretty much ignored me. He just continued to sweep behind the counter and move trashcans around. 

After he was done cleaning, he went to "Danny", the manager, and told him what I said.  Then about 5 minutes after, Danny called the cook back to speak to him... WHILE I'M STANDING THERE!  I'm thinking he's gonna come back with a vengeance. Fortunately, the other cook started preparing my sandwich with new gloves.  In total, I was standing there for a full 25 minutes. 

No one thanked me or acknowledged what happened. As I was walking away I turned to see them all laughing about the incident.  I guess they didn't think it was worth all my concern.

Let's see what all my friends and you all think.....
The salads here are large, fresh, come with a garlic knot and under $9. They have a 10% off special for salads on Wednesdays, actually they have a different discount every week day. I typically come for the entrée salads and the lettuce is never wilted and the vegetables are packed on top. This place offers pizzas, pasta and sandwiches as well. You can buy pizza by the slice or a whole pie. It's a quick place to come for lunch, they have two large TVs and ample seating space.
My work got Axis Pizza catered for a meeting. We had a variety of different pizza from them, including plain, pepperoni, veggie, buffalo chicken, and the spinach/ricotta/tomatoe combination. I only tried a slice of the spinach/ricotta/tomatoe and a slice of the veggie. The spinach slice was mediocre at best, with the ricotta tasting old and not very ricotta-ish. The veggie slice was good before I bit into the veggies (broccoli mostly); they were pretty soggy and nobody wants a soggy pizza. My co-workers all said similar things except for the ones that ate the buffalo chicken, which they highly recommend and I will have to try next time. The redeeming quality of the pizza I tasted was its crust, which was thin and indeed very tasty. 
I give Axis 2/5 for its less than average tasting pizza. However, I will have to try the pizza at its location in University City before I give up on them completely. Catering is never as good as a fresh pie in the restaurant, so there is yet still hope for Axis Pizza. That being said, my work will be trying a different pizza place for its next catered meeting.
Let me start by saying that there is a brick oven in the restaurant, but my guess is that is not used. I bought pizza by the slice. To say it looked like it had been sitting there for hours, is an understatement. I should have just turned around and walked out. The lack of business should have been a tell-tell sign. I was a bit scared to eat it as it was pretty bad. This is a clear case of very bad management with a  conscious effort to not do the right thing and toss food out when it gets old. Yuck!
When you order a Greek salad wrap with grilled chicken but receive a hot wrap with de minimus amounts of wilted lettuce, melted globs of feta, unexplainable sautéed onions and bell peppers and NO grilled chicken, would you eat there again? Ate a couple slices of sons pizza since my wrap was an atrocity . Pizza was just meh...
This place automatically deserves a 3+ star for opening AND DELIVERING 24/7.  

This is a unique place; they serve everything from dinner food (pizza, burgers, steaks, wings, etc) to breakfast food (breakfast sandwiches, omelets, toast, etc.)  I live in the university area and usually the latest open restaurants are pizza shops that close around 2am, so to have a joint open all night long is a jewel.

We actually ordered two omelets in the morning because we were having a lazy morning, and it turned out to be a great first experience.  The omelets are very customizable, and they are quite large.  It came with a side of toast, and a choice of fruit, home fries, or french fries (??).  It was around $6-7  The delivery guy appeared to be college age and was very friendly to be delivering food in the morning when everyone else was just waking up.

Definitely a place worth trying especially if you're a student who's got a long night ahead of you.
Friendly staff.  Terrific cheesesteak to go with fries. They made sure my bag had all the supplies needed including napkins, salt and ketchup
Truly the worst.  Seems more like a cheap cafeteria than a restaurant. In town for a trade show and wanted a quick bite close to the hotel.  Came in at 7pm and was deserted. 2 people behind the counter- one was the manager and worker was sitting on the counter.  They recommended the pizza and pasta.  Pizza by the slice was so old it looked like hardened plastic in the case- which he offered to warm up for me.  Wouldn't make anything fresh and it tasted like warmed up cardboard.  Ordered the baked ziti because he said that was made from scratch with a garden salad.  Salad was indeed super fresh (made from the salad bar) and portion was big. Pasta arrived and it was a bowl of penne noodles with what tastes like old nacho cheese on it and a heaping lump of greasy melted cheese on it. Not baked ziti- or unlike any I've ever had.  It was orange in color and so unappetizing.   The manager told me that was indeed the baked ziti and refused to change it.  So, for the first time in my life, I literally paid and walked out and left it there.  Service was awful, management clearly doesn't care  and food was some of the worst I've had.  Don't bother... the deserted dining room should be a clue.  If I could give it half a star, that would be a stretch.
Walking in with several of my colleagues I asked the cashier (I think also the owner) where could we seat 7 people. He responded "right behind me", I simply asked that I didn't see seating big enough for 7 people to which he quite rudely responded "you'll have to make it up then!". To that I asked him would it be okay if I move table and chairs around and he didn't respond. He was shouting around at his employees as well. I sensed a strong case of racism and unprofessionalism from this person. Really don't care how the pizza was(it was bad) but I am never going back here again. Mr. Douche was also bossing his poor mum around who was cleaning up tables.
During the pandemic, when times are rough, this local small business really stepped up their game in providing free pizzas for a local hospital workers. When I reached out to them to show support to security employees at the hospital, they did not refuse! 

Like most places, who only specifically say "Doctors and Nurses", Axis Pizza really understood that it takes more than just doctors and nurses to work at the hospital and fight this virus. They delivered for free fresh and delicious pizza! 

I'm writing this review as a astonished customer who has never seen such a support from a local business. When times are rough for all of us, I encourage everyone to support Axis Pizza. Let's overwhelm them with our pizza orders because they are true heroes!
This is a family owned and operated business, with fantastic customer service! During these pandemic times it's most important to help and support small business that sell good food and top it off with great service! We ordered two pizzas from here, a 12" and 16" and both were really good late night style pizzas, the large one was HUGE! Flavor was good! But do note that the hot peppers are not jalapeños, they are banana peppers!!!
Staying at the local Sheraton for a night only. Wanted a quick yet fulfilling dinner without going to an upscale restaurant. Menu was expansive making it hard to choose. Salad bar had a nice variety and appeared very fresh. I rarely eat a cheeseburger but was craving one. Burger was cooked just right and meat was fresh. The toppings were very fresh and cole slaw was homemade. Fries were not too salty. My meal hit the spot and the price was right too . I would recommend this little pizza sandwich place. This is the first time I have put a review on Yelp! Given that I am so picky with food, I had to write how pleased I was
I was a little skeptical to try the pizza (I'm a connoisseur) here cause the photos did not look super appetizing. But I gave it a go, given it's location right across from my hotel.

I was pleasantly surprised. The pizza was really good. Not the best I've had but definitely not disappointing.
I have only had the pizza here once. For me it is a skip as it was hard and almost inedible. 
People always pass in and out so it has to be serviceable but I found it not good
As I said, I only went once but that was enough
Why I ever gave Axis only three stars is beyond me.  Since I first ate there, I have come to discover how expansive their menu is! Not only do they have the salad bar and delicious and innovative pizza varieties, they also offer plenty of breakfast options (served all day), pasta dishes, sandwiches, and the list goes on! The environment of the place itself is no frills, but the food is what makes it worthwhile.  The wait is never incredibly long, though it does tend to get busier around lunchtime.  Not to mention they are open VERY late which is a huge advantage for the college student population as well as guests at the nearby hotels...AND they deliver!
Con: messed up my order.
Pro: I never knew it because after 20 minutes, I found out the order had been put in at all.  Pretty odd given that I was the only walk-in customer for a solid 5 minutes.

Update: Restaurant is now empty.  Total time to get the order: 37 minutes.   Impressive.
I was trying to grab a quick lunch near work so I stopped by Axis for pizza.  The place had a decent amount of people inside dining.  I got a slice of plain and a slice of sausage.  Both slices were enormous for a low price.  I took them back to work and they were very bland and overly doughy.  The salad bar did look pretty nice though.  But there's a lot of better choices for pizza in the area.  They also stopped taking Level UP.
We ordered from here on Labor Day because our usual spots were closed. I don't like giving reviews that are negative, but I have to say I was disappointed. The pizza crust has to be frozen crust. There is no way that is handmade crust. It even tasted frozen. I don't think we will order again however, I've heard great things about their salad bar.
Axis pizza is one of my favorite places to get lunch near work. They have an incredible salad bar - the veggies are always fresh (for the most part), and their grilled chicken is really delicious! The best part is that they charge you by weight, so I basically get the same salad I'd normally get at Sweetgreen for $9.0 to $11.00 for less than $7.00 (this is including protein!). Of course how much of a deal it is really depends on what you like in your salad. I also bring my own dressing to work so I don't have to pay extra for the weight of dressing. 

Their pizza is also decent. I haven't tried any of their other dishes, so I can't attest to the rest of their menu. I would definitely recommend salad and/or pizza there though. 

The one negative comment I have is about their garlic knots. Near the salad bar they have a basket of rolls that are complementary with all salads. It's a great gesture, but the rolls are always nice and cooked on the outside and completely raw/uncooked on the inside. It's like someone rolls the dough into a swirl, cooks them in an oven on too high a temp, and takes them out as soon as the outside looks done, while the middle is still dough.

Axis Pizza, cook your rolls better and I'd be up to 4 stars!
Pizza took over 2 hours to arrive. When we called to inquire the person on the phone lied and said the order never went through (despite the fact that they sent confirmation to Grubhub regarding having received the order). We were then instructed by Axis pizza to re-order and pay twice for our one small pizza. Grubhub contacted them and The pizza itself was decent except for the canned mushrooms. I will not be ordering from this establishment again. Ever.
Awesome thin crust. Nice spot
You won't find a better pizza in Philly

Great food, salad bar, fresh fruit

Gourmet slices

Fantastic food and large dining area with TV.

This is legit 5-star
This was our first pizza place in Philly and we loved it! Pizza tastes great, thickness is perfect. I think the best part is the variety they have on the menu. In particular, the create your own salad option is amazing. So many choices and you get a huge custom salad (can easily be shared between 4 people). Wings were also very good as was the blue cheese dressing that came with it.

Wish there was free delivery instead of a charge, but it's only $1.75, so not too bad. Prices are very reasonable and quality is great.
I have been ordering from here via GrubHub for a few months now, and it has been hit or miss. I have a regular order: chicken quesadilla, black and white milkshake and bacon cheeseburger deluxe (double meat.)

The first time I ordered they slathered my burger with Mayo which was really upsetting because you are given the option on GrubHub to choose your toppings and I did *NOT* select it. However the quesadilla was SO AMAZING that I had to give them another chance.

The second time I ordered I typed in all caps "ABSOLUTELY NO MAYO" and my meal was superb. Their burgers are fresh - no pre-made patties here - and everything is just great right down to the side of fries. (I don't eat coleslaw so I can't speak to if it's any good.)

The *THIRD* time I ordered was a disaster. They forgot my shake, they brought regular coke instead of diet. I was at a party so lots of people had ordered, so we got a free 2 liter. The delivery guy had to leave and come back again and it was really frustrating. GrubHub actually refunded part of my order.

The next time I ordered, I called first and told the manager what had happened previously. He sent out a free 2 liter to replace the OTHER free 2 liter, and this time everything was perfect again.

The LAST time I ordered, the quesadilla was a disaster. They hardly put anything inside of it so it ended up just being mostly tortilla.

So, as you can see, it seems to be a luck of the draw situation. The reality is that it's usually quite good (surly delivery guys almost every time though), and one of the few 24 hour places in West Philly.

*UPDATE* - I have upped my review by a full star. Here's the deal. Things still tend to be hit or miss here, but the hits are so delicious I can deal with the misses. I had another quesadilla disaster, but I had a really solid conversation with the owner and he sincerely wants his customers to know that they are working HARD to make things the way they want them. He also sent out a replacement. You know, in this day and age when a small business owner actually give a damn, it means a lot to me. A LOT. They could send out mistakenly prepared food every time and as long as it wasn't legitimately BAD - which it never really has been - I would remain loyal because I know that they care and they're trying.

So I really do recommend you give Axis a try. We've got enough shitty McDonald's around, you know? Support locally!
It's a place that microwave ovens your food for you. Food is meh at best and way overpriced for what it is.

Two words: steer clear.
Ordered a pizza here and when received it looked as if the toppings were thrown on as the pizza was throne in the box. The taste was NO better. Save your money, and your taste buds order somewhere else.
Never been in this part of Philly so I hopped on yelp for some pizza. Got a bbq chicken and plain. Honestly, just tasted like cheese on toasted bread. Not worth the calories not the 3+ dollars a slice.
THE WORST PIZZA EVER!!! No seriously!  How is it possible for pizza to be DRY & GREASY at the same time!!  Horrible.  Couldn't eat it.  Couldn't even give it away!

Saw it on another occasion when someone else ordered, the same! like a flat dry greasy brick!  She called to ask for money back, they said they would come and never showed up.

Lousy food and lousy customer service!

Save yourself the trouble, there are too many other real pizza places in the area, try Allegros or California Pizza
Solid two. I was confused if I was eating the box or the pizza. Quite confident that if they have a brick oven they use it for pottery, which might taste better. 

Really bland, decent toppings and relatively fast delivery to the hotel...my girlfriend says toppings were like dog poop so we continue to debate. 

#guilttomorrow. Try Drexel Pizza instead or just eat ur bed sheet. 

Peace out!
OPEN AND DELIVERS 24/7. 

Seriously, a college student's dream. Sure there are places around that are open 24/7 but how many places around UC delivers at all hours of the day?? The food isn't that great, but it tastes amazing when it's 4:30 in the morning and all you really want is a slice of pizza.
Fresh ingredient but very undercooked. Vedgies were still raw. Ingredients were fresh and taste was good but wasn't cooked enough, crust was cooked but all the ingredients were raw and the crust was pretty doughy.
Good food - great salad bar and pizza. But...neon sign outside advertises $4.99 for 2 slices and a drink and I was charged $6 at register. Excuse: we can't change the sign outside so we have a small sign inside. Really??
The saddest part of this review is that I used to like Axis and frequent it all of the time but my last experience was telling. In ordering a chicken finger platter, I asked for a side caesar salad along with BBQ sauce and honey mustard for the fingers. When I get back to my office and open my meal, I find that instead of the salad, I received chicken noodle soup and instead of BBQ sauce, I received maple syrup. What's even more annoying is that I paid extra for the BBQ sauce. When I call them and tell them of their mistakes, they only offer to remake the salad. I still had to travel back to the restaurant and exchange my food myself with no reimbursement for my time and inconvenience. Axis, do better.
Axis pizza is open 24 hours a day, has tons of seating, great variety and good prices. Centrally located between Penn and Drexel, Axis Pizza is definitely a drunk kid's paradise. 

After having been to Axis many times, I wanted to write a review after I witnessed a squabble there Saturday night. I was waiting for my order with my boyfriend, when a group of rude customers came in. Not only were they throwing disrespectful remarks at the staff, but they purposefully caused a huge scene. Instead of refusing to serve them and kicking the group out, (what I probably would have done) the worker's remained cool and professional despite being heckled at their own establishment. The entire staff of Axis Pizza is to be applauded for keeping their cool in such an offensive situation. Axis Pizza, I want you to know how much all of your loyal customers appreciate you and your establishment!
Everything I've heard and read about this place says that the issue with the restaurant is consistency. I have to say, after ordering a pizza, I have to agree.

I ordered a pizza from the kitchen with high hopes of a pie that would be properly cooked, with the right amount of toppings, and be delivered in the time suggested. The online interface is easy to use and straightforward enough; the driver followed my special instructions. 

But the taste? Meh. Here's the issue at hand. After the pizza arrived more than 30 minutes after the quoted time, it was undercooked. There's just enough cook on it for the crust to be lightly browned on the bottom but doughy the rest of the way through. Also, the proportions of topping are way out of whack--tons of some but very sparse on others. If this is the way the pizza is meant to be, that's fine, but I won't be ordering again. Unfortunately, even if the service is good, a bad pizza still tastes bad.
The guy who works the phone on late Sunday nights is confrontational. He is rude. And did not help me at all to order food.  He was argumentative and refused to process my order. I will never order from axis again I was an a frequent customer before and hope to advise you against ordering here. There competitors papa John's or even California pizza are much more professional and courteous then the man I spoke with.
Good cheese to sauce ratio, crust is crunchy. Slices are pretty big. This is my favorite place to grab slices in University City. Do not let the location fool you, it's pretty good. Big fan of the buffalo chicken and meat lovers.
I like that they have slices always ready and a nice selection. The salad bar is nice and a nice variety too. The slices are really tasty and they're generous on the cheese - not that I care for a lot of cheese or not. The only complaint that I have is that the NEVER clean the little oven that they use to re-heat the slices and it's always black and burnt on the bottom of my slices.
The salads are ginormous. But they don't have any avocados and that's crucial to a salad. Plus they couldn't accommodate to any requests when ordering. Like hard boiled egg on the side.
We ordered a pepperoni pizza on grubhub for pick-up. It was ready quickly, which was nice. However, the pizza was the most bland tasting pizza I think we've ever had. No part of the pizza had any flavor, even the pepperoni. It all tasted like cardboard.
The buffalo chicken pizza is awesome! That being said, last night, I received extra food that I had not ordered, that I had apparently been charged almost $50 extra for. When I called and asked if I had been charged for the item, and if I could send the item back and have my card recharged, the man on the other end of the line got incredibly nasty, blaming me for making a mistake ordering, when I have email proof that I did NOT order the extra item. After about 20 minutes of him refusing to admit the error on his part, and me refusing to pay for the item, he finally voided the original charge and charged me for the correct amount. No matter how good the pizza is, I would never order from here again.
The food is mediocre. The service can be rude at times. I ordered breakfast today, spent 15 dollars, and got the wrong order with missing items. No bacon or sausage. Fries instead of home fries. I called back and he tells me he can deliver the missing items, but i will be charged separately, which would come to more than the amount i would have paid for had the order been correct. He doesn't even offer to send home fries. So my food is getting cold while I wait to pay more for a mistake they made, Terrible customer service.
I've been an avid customer at Axis for a few months now.  One thing I must say is that their food is awesome and very speedy.  The only problem I have with them (which is a big one) is that their customer service SUCKS.  I just now ordered a delivery order and I requested that the delivery driver call me when he arrived here because I live in an apartment building.  Lo and behold, he called, but for some reason my phone never rang, so I didn't even know! I called Axis to see what the update on the order was and the guy who answered the phone (which was a late night worker) was EXTREMELY rude to me, saying he did not know what was wrong with my phone, MAKE sure I answer it next time if I wanted my food.  Honestly, I'm. Not a cell phone provider so I do not control the technology.  My phone was on, the end.  This is a general miscommunication, but he NEVER apologized for anything, he was just a dickhead about it!  If you want a successful business, customer service needs to be heavily focused on! Axis' customer service is shit and that takes a heavy toll on its business.  I love Axis, I really do.  If I didn't then I would spend my money elsewhere, but I expect to be respected when I order something from there because honestly, it is people like me (customers) who are the reason those workers even have a job! Axis Staff, please do some work on weeding the rude cashiers out because, trust me, they have a huge negative impact on your business!  Now please excuse me while I go eat my COLD food that was just now delivered...
Not horrible, but nothing special either.  Stopped in for a slice and a drink one afternoon and was satisfied, but not overly thrilled.  They have a salad bar for those who are looking for a healthier alternative and plenty of seating; great for students looking for a place to hold a study group with easy access to sustenance.  If I do return, I will most likely for something on the menu that is not pizza just to see how their other options measure up.
I like your food, Axis, I really do.  Unfortunately, I can not give you higher than three stars because you consistently fail to adhere to my instructions when I order from you.

Last time we ordered a pizza from Axis, we asked for all but one topping on the whole pizza, and the final topping on half of the pizza.  What we got instead was a half-plain pizza with all of the toppings on one side.  Whenever I order a pasta dish, I ask for croutons and extra dressing with my salad instead of green peppers and tomatoes.  What I get varies from "misread the instructions" to "completely failed to read the instructions at all".

Very frustrating.
If you're looking for a late night snack/pizza joint, look no further! Axis is the perfect place to stop by after a night of going out or hanging out. Being one of the very few restaurants that open late nearby Penn's campus, Axis is a solid choice. Even better, they open AND deliver 24/7.

However, don't expect much from the quality of their food. My friends and I ordered a medium pizza and an order of mozzarella sticks. The pizza was bland and all the topping fells off after taking the slice. The mozzarella sticks were hard and cheese definitely did not melt in your mouth as you would expect them to. 

Despite this, Axis is such a great option, or probably the only option that actually delivers late nights! But due to it's convenient location within the UCity area, I'll give it another try!
The customer service is atrocious. Never a nice/kind word. Got my order wrong, first off they disnt even apologize just looked my order up and kept me on hold for a minute. Then transferred me to another person who began to yell at me, did not listen to my complaint and hung up. So I called back. And called back until they answered. The man blamed me for clicking the option scrambled but putting fried hard with cheese on the notes. They have me a disgusting patty of eggs mess. And I also ordered Turkey bacon, but there was pork bacon in the order as well. Last thing was an old fruit salad that was watered down with soggy fruit. 
It had been months since I ordered from.them because I knew the service was horrible. Only ordered because they opened early. Just call, don't even order and see how hospitable they are. Rude and unhelpful.
It was absolutely terrible.

First, I had ordered cheese fries only to have received regular fries. 

Second, the state in which my order arrived was a COMPLETE MESS. The hot sauce from the wings leaked out of the styrofoam container and proceeded to cover everything in the bag. After we had pulled everything out, there was at least half a cup of liquid sitting at the bottom of the bag. The wings themselves were gross: the chicken were just sitting in a ocean of oily sauce instead of being nicely coated. They were literally swimming.

Third, I didn't receive a fork for my cake slice. 

Was it my fault for not ordering pizza at a pizza joint? Maybe. But if it's on the menu, I should at least get what I had ordered in edible condition. (I had ordered delivery at around 1:30 am for some late night feasting and the choices were limited.)
You have to know what to get at Axis. Certain foods are actually pretty good while others are quite horrible. Even though it is a pizza place, I would NOT recommend eating pizza here. There are a lot of better places you could get a slice.  I order the chicken pesto panini and its not bad for a cheap, late night meal. I have seen people get breakfast here late at night and it doesn't look too bad either. Overall, probably one of your better options for post 2AM food
Horrible food and even worse service. I was in there today and asked for fries with my burger. Didn't get them and when I asked the server she never came back.
I've been meaning to write this review for weeks now because I have been enjoying lunch here for all those weeks.  This place was a great find as it met all our needs during the two days a week we come to west Philly.  not only does it have great food, but it's clean, has two TVs going (sports, news, or talk shows), and has very kind and helpful employees.  Especially nice and professional, are Danny (mgr) and Nick.   A huge plus is the free wifi, enabling me to have a great meal and work at the same time online.

My son enjoys getting a late breakfast here, around 1 p.m.   I am pretty sure they serve it all day..  he loves the platter, which comes with two eggs, sausage and/or bacon, potatoes or fresh fruit, and toast.  I can't remember price, maybe $6.oo?  All are nicely cooked, not greasy, and tastes very good, according to my son.  I have only had the pizza here, but there's a reason....I can't pass up their pepperoni pizza ( $2.50 a slice).  It melts in your mouth.   Simply amazing.  Come hungry and it tastes heavenly.   There are many kinds to try, and the slices are hot and keep coming all day, but when I find something I love, I tend to be a creature of habit.  I.M.H.O. Greek pizza is the best.  it is thin, crispy, and allows the cheese, sauce and toppings to shine through and be featured.  None of that giant fortress of dough effect that leaves you bloated.  You will enjoy having room for an extra hot slice because of this.  sauce is good, not too sweet, not too tart.  If salad or fresh fruit is more your thing, they have bars for both of them, and all are kept filled and fresh.

One nice surprise was their coffee and tea selections.  No only can they make you an espresso or cappuccino  or whatever, but their selection of teas are made with real, loose tea!  They will actually fill a little empty cheesecloth tea bag with one of the great blends they have.  very classy for a pizza joint.  I think I am starting to get spoiled by this place.      

I like the diversity of the people who come here; all races, ages, professions, and of course, college students.   Axis Pizza is located below level in an apartment building, with a large sign out front, and a few nice table and chairs to use on warm days.  Downstairs, the inside of the restaurant is large, with tables to accommodate all group sizes.

Overall, this Pizza snob gives Axis Pizza 5 stars, for meeting both our culinary desires, as well as offering  a good place to relax, eat, watch tv or use their free WIFI.   Oh no, a lady just sat down next to me here, with CHEESE FRIES...I LOVE them.....what to do.....a second slice or cheese fries?  I feel lucky to have this dilemma cause I know both will be great, just like this place and its employees.
Unfortunately, I can vouch for the issues people have had with order accuracy.

I ordered a turkey hoagie late at night.  I waited a while (slightly longer than they said on the phone, but I can deal with that).  However, it turned out to be tuna.

Other than that, the tuna hoagie was alright, but not great.  I thought it was light on oil and vinegar (I specifically ordered it with oil and vinegar).
Mixed experiences with Axis Pizza.

First delivery was a large order was for a party (5+ pizzas, multiple salads and sides) and went fine -- it was all delivered right when/where it was supposed to.

The next time we ordered delivery not only was the order late (and cold), but both halves of the pizza were incorrect and the "chicken caesar" had no chicken. They rushed another pizza (with the correct toppings) free of charge but at that point it was too late to even eat.

For the price the pizza is ok -- the salads are decidedly lackluster though (especially when they're missing toppings!)
Awesome wings and very friendly service definitely would go back again. it may have taken a little longer but it was worth it at the end wings were cooked perfectly sauce was very good well mixed and fries were very crispy
Fast delivery... Pizza was blah...The cheesesteak tasted like steakums and american cheese on bread.  Definitely reminiscient of lazy winters when no one wanted to cook, but still, quite overpriced for what it is.
So I started ordering from here after being totally fed up with Allegro pizza. I have ordered from here about 3 times now and everytime my meal has been very good.  Great burgers and milkshakes.  What I love most..... They are open 24 hours (Allegros is not.  Many times when the students are on break they just close whenever they feel like it which really annoys me), they deliver milkshakes (Allegros won't), they are nice on the phone (Allegros is usually rude).  They also serve breakfast 24 hours a day.  They also give you a free liter of soda if your order is over 25.00.  So..... Axis is my new favorite pizza place close to me and I will continue to give them my business as long as the food stays good and the customer service continues to be on par. Keep up the good work and put Allegros out of business.
I work in center city and this is the place to order breakfast! best costumer service overall!!! i ordered extra bacon and expected it on the side but they included it in the sandwich and i didn't know. so i called and she offered to deliver extra bacon or refunded me $2 for extra bacon. I of course chose to be refunded but as i was eating, i realized there was extra bacon in the sandwich so i felt really bad about it. I did call to apologize because the costumer is not always right! she still refunded the money but i felt horrible... all in all, you want good quality and quantity food for your buck?? Axis Pizza is the place to be...than you guys for the good food and great costumer service!!!
The owner of Axis pizza contacted me to apologize for my last experience and offered me $25 toward my next order. I obliged and I must say the experience the 2nd time around was INFINITELY better. I said in my last review that despite the terrible service the pizza is good. I shall reiterate: The pizza is really great. I would venture to say it's the best pizza in the neighborhood.

Now, will I think twice about ordering late night for fear that my great pizza may never show? Yes. BUT when I'm feeling lucky I will most likely choose Axis for my pizza (and hot wing) needs.

Nice save, Axis.
This restaurant is the in-room delivery in partnership with the Sheraton across the street. They are advertised to be open until 4AM but when we called around 11pm the owner was saying he was out of everything we tried to order.. then when we were trying to inquire what was available, we got yelled at because we needed to hurry because they were supposed to close in two minutes?!?!! We referenced the in-room menu advertising 4am delivery and the person said they had to close early because everyone in the kitchen quit.. we finally settled on a Philly cheesesteak and order of wings but never given time estimate or bill total. The delivery person said they stopped late night delivery 3 months ago....? The food smelled good but looked and tasted awful. Both got stomach aches from attempting to eat..
Axis Cafe may be the worst run restaurant I have ever experienced. They are the in room food option for the Sheraton.  I ordered food because I was on a conference call. They said it would take 20 minutes. After 45 minutes I called to get an update.  I was told that my order was never put in.  My recommendation - don't call them!
I was hungry at 1 am in the morning. Great place with reasonable prices if you're hungry in the middle of the night.
3.5 stars rounded up to 4 in terms of pizza joints. Seems pretty fairly priced and they make the pizzas pretty quickly. Will check it out again if I ever get a craving.
Ordered a pepperoni and buffalo chicken pizza. The buffalo chicken was dry and had a strange rubbery consistency and off taste. I couldn't shake the feeling that some ingredient was expired. Overall, not very good.
The perfect late night college spot. I miss my white pizza with a coke. service was kind. felt like a true neighborhood spot. would highly recommend.
I went to this pizzeria with a buddy of mine from Philadelphia. I had a pasta dish which was absolutely enormous. I liked the food.
I ordered a Cheesesteak Wrap with French fries. I asked the person taking my order (it was a guy). I asked what is on the wrap besides the steak and cheese and I asked him to hold the mayo and tomatoes. What should have been left was the steak, cheese, lettuce and the wrap. Once my order was complete I jumped in an Uber back to work and the sandwich had no cheese. What is a cheesesteak with no cheese??? They only get the 2nd star because although they messed up my order there was a plentiful amount of steak. If it wasn't raining I would have gone right back but I had to eat quick and head to my next meeting.
Barry took us here after telling stories of his previous visit where he got a meatball sub that was 2 meals. Axis specializes in pizza, subs, pastas and they're known for their large portions. I got a buffalo chicken cheesesteak that could have fed me plus one. The chicken cheesesteak was delicious, not super cheesy but had a ludacris amount of buffalo chicken. Barry got the chicken Alfredo pasta which he enjoyed. And Yefim ate the chicken parm off the chicken parm spaghetti which came with a side salad. Eric had a large thin slice of BBQ chicken pizza which had a neat lattice of BBQ sauce.  Apparently pastas are 2$ off on Thursdays. Side note: they did not honor the 10% Yelp checkin deal.
Pretty average pizza shop. Slices are small and not consistent sizes, so order a full pizza instead of slices. I've walked in for hoagies and sandwiches before and they usually forget an ingredient, add something I said to leave out, or take a while for the order.
Pizza was ok, nothing special, but not bad either. Good as for fast food lunch.
