(to the tune of "Level Up" by Ciara)

Five, four, three, two, one 
TACO (watch me)
[Level up] x 12
All these foods are so yummy, guacamole so yummy...
Bring your friend or you mommy - feast and fill up that tummy.

This spot ain't mom and pop, it is an upscale spot.
But good news - high-end booze - and all the food served hot.
If you want cheap-ass 'ritas - should make that stuff at home.
Tequila - quite bougie - so #treatyoself to some 

Service is elevated, and though the bill was steep,
I had no real complaints - so full, wanted to sleep!
For those who just won't settle, outdoor dining, out the door,
Would prefer a happy hour... wallet can't handle more!

Yes - it's not a spot for a cheap drink/bite. But there are PLENTY of spots for that. What you're getting here is a lot more upscale Mexican food and drink. My husband is a bit of a tequila snob, too, and the beverage manager rattled off a lineup that had his eyes bulging. 

The chipotle pineapple guac was divine - super tasty, with individually-bagged chips which was thoughtful during this pandemic. The cocktails were GREAT but - I'll be honest - I don't think I'd come here and get more than one, just a little too steep (unless they offered a happy hour or something).

Sleeper star of the meal? Brussels sprouts. Chorizo and cherry gastrique - TRULY UNREAL! 

Great for a date night - a girls night - apparently they've got a brunch on deck too. Huevos, anyone?
My boyfriend and I went here for brunch to celebrate our anniversary.

I heard about this place through social media and knew I had to have this! I was counting down the days until I can get here!

We got seated instantly inside. My only issue is that the tables seemed VERY close for a pandemic. I mean it could've been the 6 feet mark but there was only a divider between the table. I had nothing between me and the girl next to me. That would probably be my only complaint (and not even a complaint).

We got started with the chips, guacamole, and salsa. The guac was SO fresh and delicious! The chips were warm and crispy and we instantly dove into this! 

Our waitress was very nice and attentive. She told us that our french toast was coming out, but it never did! When she came back (after we got our entrees) she apologized and told us it would be out in a few minutes. It honestly worked out because it was like a "dessert" after the meal.

My boyfriend got the morning tacos and I got the heuvos rancheros. Both were super delicious meals! 

We started with mimosas then had the blood maria followed by the margarita and ending with a sangria. We honestly planned to drink more but the 90 minutes absolutely flies by! And the drinks were very strong so we did not leave sober!

The mimosa was a good classic mimosa. The bloody maria was NOT my vibe. I expected a bloody mary but it had some red chili flakes and overall the spice was too much for me. The blanco margarita was a classic and strong! The sangria was probably my favorite drink. Look at that color!! 

The french toast was so good we actually ordered another! The best part about this "bottomless" brunch is that the chips/guac/salsa and the french toast are included in that! 

This place is super cute and has great vibes! Food and drinks are fantastic and you cant beat this price! I cannot wait to go back!! 

($47 per person! Everyone must participate! Great experience)
I found Anejo by accident and boy am I happy I did. 
Of course, only outdoor dining is allowed but they had large heaters, so we were comfortable. 
Let's start by saying yes, they offer BOTTOMLESS MARGARITAS!!!!
Brunch is $47 per person if you want to bottomless option and it's totally worth it. They had house made chips and a variety of salsa/creama dips (white dip out of this world). Next, we had this coconut French toast that was absolutely phenomenal.
I ordered the huevos rancheros and to be honest, I was already full by the time I came out. 
My waiter Justin did NOT skimp on our refills and keep my margaritas topped off. He was funny, attentive and kind, more places need staff like him. 
I can't wait to go back, the food is awesome here. 
The only downside is not being able to find parking... ParkWhiz won't help here.
And just like that -- I have a new favorite brunch spot!

Añejo is very much my vibe. They played decent music while dining, loved the black & gold decor with chandeliers, but still has a casual or a bit dressy atmosphere.

On a beautiful Sunday afternoon (reservation was made prior to), we opted to dine in and chose the BOTTOMLESS DRINKS option (90 minute premium brunch)! This entailed $47 per guest: first was shared tasty French toast, chips w/ some good guacamole dip (and salsa, but it was a little too spicy for my liking) for the table. Also, with an entree -- I had the huevos rancheros (with my eggs scrambled) and this was flavorful!!! Mmm, mmm, mmm! And, of course, the UNLIMITED BRUNCH COCKTAILS! I tried them ALL except Bloody Mary. I had the sangria, mimosa, and blanco margarita. I left the restaurant super happy, fulfilled, and buzzed lol! Yup! Happy, happy, joy, joy!

The customer service was impeccable! The server and other employees wore mask, kept bringing our unlimited drinks, refilling water, cleaning off the table right away, by request -- replenished our French Toast and chips, and were overall nice! Enjoyed everything!
I recently went here for my friends birthday dinner. I had no clue about this place. They recently started seating inside due to covid 19 restrictions.

At first we had seats outside which wasn't bad due to the heat lamps they have. But due to birthday girls attire (her heels) I asked if we could be seated inside. After about 15 mins our host notified us a table was available. 

Our servers Justin and Junior did a great job assisting us through finding drinks and plates that suited us best. And hospitality was A1 made my friends birthday a night to remember. The manager Tikka even had got us a round of shots.

The food was great even better then they had look. My favorite had to be the pork belly tostadas it was cooked perfectly. Shout out to the kitchen who assisted with this restaurant deserving 5 stars. And tuna ceviche had a surprisingly spicy kick to it, that I loved. I had ordered the duck enchilada which was filling and light at the same time. A great choice for a fat boy trying his best to slim down. Didn't feel like I went over board even after digging into all of my friends dishes lol. We all enjoyed each other's plates so it's safe to say everything was great.

All in all Añejo started the new year 2021 off perfectly and has won favorite restaurant in my book in Philadelphia. I look forward to returning and supporting great business like this. Thanks to all the staff there.
They removed my previous post because they didn't like it so beware!

Got two drinks for take out. ONLY two drinks yes they were doubles but we were charged $59 ... for TWO drinks no food. I thought this was a mistake and asked them to clarify that this was wasn't a mistake. It wasn't. Maybe would of been ok if this was center City or New York but this is no where even close to That caliber.
This was my first time at Añejo Philadelphia and I was so pleased with my time there. The brunch menu is family style and you get a choice of mimosa's, sangria, margaritas and bloody Mary's. The breakfast tacos and the French toast were my favorite! The salsas were also super tasty and you could add them to the tacos as well as the other Mexican style dishes. Apart from complimentary chips and salsas, you also get guacamole, which was super delicious. 

Our waiter was very attentive and friendly. He made us feel comfortable the entire time we were there. The overall establishment also felt super clean and I loved how people weren't on top of each other. The music was very versatile and included Latin music, which I appreciated. 

COVID MEASUREMENTS: They take your temperature before entering the establishment. All of the staff wears masks. They have tens in front of the restaurant and in the back; both areas are heated and very comfortable. 

Overall, a great spot to visit with friends. I recommend.
Tacos al fresco in N. Libs section. My lamb tacos were amazing! The meat was tender and seasoned well. Gf enjoyed her shrimp tacos. The mango mezcal margarita was aight but def not worth $17. I'd come back to strictly try more food selections from the menu like the octopus or pork belly tostada. Service was great at first. Then it seemed super slow while we were finishing up our drinks. Our server was ghost and it wasn't busy at the time (about 7:15p on a Wed). I had to go to the hostess to ask for a bag to carry leftovers and the check. I also had to go back to the hostess to cash out. 

FYI (not r/t rating): Street parking available and comes down to the luck of the draw as far as getting a close spot to Añejo or having to walk a few city clocks. PPA is def out patrolling the vicinity & ready to issue tickets.
Stopped by for a couple drinks and some chips. They had surprisingly few drink options but maybe that's because of Covid. Looking at prior reviews, it seems this restaurant made some changes to the margarita prices and ingredients. The margaritas were a couple dollars less at $14-15 and supposedly they use a nicer orange liqueur and fresh lime juice. Based on these changes, I would say drinks were much more reasonable, especially for this area. The mezcal and añejo margaritas were really good so I would come back for another drink or two. The chips were rather hard and the amount of salsa you get is pretty small, but again for the area prices are probably reasonable.
This is my second time here and I must say that everything from the service to the food to the ambiance was OUTSTANDING. My first time here, my server was Justin and he did such an awesome job. This time, my server was Rachel, she was super sweet, very attentive and did an amazing job making sure our drinks didn't get low. I want to just take the time to shout out both Justin and Rachel for being great at what they do. It's rare to find an establishment where everyone is just friendly and attentive. I brought up Justin's name to Rachel and she must've told him, so when he got on shift, he actually stopped by our table to say hello. 
The ambiance was awesome, they had some speakers and a dj set up and he was definitely playing some good music, because we were vibing out. The outdoor dining had some tables with a sort of enclosed area that was warm because I didn't even need to wear my jacket. It definitely was enjoyable. 

Moving on to the food, everything was good. I ordered the morning tacos which were plenty and yummy. my brother ordered the chicken chilaquiles and it looked amazing, I didn't have enough room to try it but he enjoyed it (I'll get it next time). But the star of the show was the coconut French toast... idk what they do to it but it was so gooooood! My brother even ordered an other serving (extra charge) because he liked it so much. 

This place is definitely a hidden gem... food, service and ambiance A++++.
Stopped by here out of curiosity- sorry to say, I'm not feelin' it. The prices (especially for the margaritas) are too steep. I saw a response to someone else's similar review claiming the high-quality ingredients, etc. -- but still. Way too high for margs that tasted the same as anywhere else (in fact, I like the ones at Dos Segundos better). My husband and I each got one and it was also noticeable that the alcohol levels were very different. 
Service was good, things were clean. Chips and salsa were fine. But I will not be returning.
I'm just going to cut straight to the chase, this place is a 10/10, ABSOLUTELY recommend! 

Decor/Ambiance- the outside does the inside absolutely NO justice. Beautiful Spanish ArtDeco vibes 

Service- Huge thank you to our server Amanda who was thee best. Super friendly, personable, and attentive 

Food- AMAZING! We had ALOT. The standout dishes were the lamb tacos and the Spanish rock octopus but the tuna ceviche, Brussels, esquites, and churros did not in any way fall short. 

Drinks- Carefully handcrafted cocktails that taste and look delicious. Recommending the jalapeño margaritas or red sangria
I want to start off this review by saying that the food here was really good! I would totally order out from this location, but my overall experience is why I am giving it 3 stars. 

To continue with the food, we got a variation of tacos (chicken, lamb, pork, short rib) - all of them were delicious. Creatively paired with unique toppings, all of the meat was seasoned well, and truly was some of the better tacos in the city. They were hard to hold though - they stuck to their serving tray, so a little messy, but the flavors were all there! We also tried the street corn, which was phenomenal. I love when it is served off the cob! 

For dessert we tried the churros - they came with 3 dipping sauces (caramel, chocolate, and berry). This was so good! Great way to end dinner - I don't know if I would ever be able to order from here, and no include them.

They have a large bar and drink menu - obviously worth trying one of the margaritas. 

The service was helpful too - great with suggestions, prompt with service, etc.

The atmosphere is what really dropped my rating. It was really loud with music, and the guests inside were loud as well. Not a formal place to go out & eat (tried with my parents.) It was also poorly light inside - already dark when we walked in, and then they even turned down the lights more while we were eating. 

So if you are looking to go out, drink, and have some finger food - this is a good spot. If you wanted to sit down and eat and enjoy company - not the best, but like I said - the food is definitely worth trying, so maybe consider takeout.
This place is a rip-off, plain and simple. We ordered margaritas, that should have been called fruit punch (0.0 ABV). The food felt like amuse bouche. Tiny portions (octopus tostada, tuna ceviche) for the price. With Dos Segundos down the street being both affordable and delicious, Anejo's pricing doesn't make sense. I looked up their other locations, and they seem to be a NY establishment. This is Philly, the rents are not as high as Tribeca, bring your prices down. Not going back.
This spot is great if you're looking for a COVID safe space!!! Followed all CDC guidelines with heaters outside to make sure everyone is comfortable. Amazing food and drinks and even better customer service (shout-out Justin). Overall 10/10 experience and will definitely be coming back.
We have been anticipating the opening of Anejo since we moved to the Piazza. The chips are amazing and definitely homemade, but I will say the guacamole is not worth $13 and the salsa are not worth $5 each compared to other Mexican restaurants on the street. Their margs are quite expensive at $15-17. They need to justify its high prices compared to other Mexican restaurant on same street /area and Philly with top notch drinks and food, which it doesn't have yet unfortunately. They can't get away with charging Center City prices sadly
Came in for dinner on a weekend. I had seen this place on Tik Tok posted by a Philly blogger, and the food/ambiance looked pretty promising. I had a reservation in advance and was running a bit late. The employee on the phone was extremely kind about it. 

Once we arrived, we were seated promptly. Our waiter was friendly, and we scanned the QR code on the table for the menu. We ordered an appetizer of a Chipotle Pineapple Guacamole. It came out in a few minutes. I liked the flavor of the pineapple in the guacamole, but it was nothing super unique to me. The actual guacamole didn't taste much different than most that I've tried before. The pineapple portion tasted somewhat similar to a packaged pineapple salsa you could buy at a supermarket.

For my entree, I decided to venture out and try the Duck Enchiladas as well as a side of Yuca Fries. The food came out pretty quickly, which was impressive considering how busy the restaurant was. However, I wasn't impressed with the flavor or quality of either. The Duck Enchiladas were small in portion for the price. The tortillas that the enchiladas were wrapped in were hard and chewy despite being soaked in sauce. The lettuce on top took away from the presentation of the enchiladas themselves and didn't add anything to the dish. The duck was also pretty flavorless despite the strong flavors that are supposed to be in enchiladas. The Yucca Fries were mediocre at best. The fries themselves were crispy, but they lacked any flavor or spicing. The ketchup on the side was good but tasted like a mix of chipotle sauce and ketchup from your fridge. 

Overall, I just found all of the food a bit lacking. While service was great and fast for a busy day, I expected a little more flavor complexity and higher quality from a restaurant like this. I didn't love it, but I didn't hate it. Don't think it's worth my money for the future.
The first time I came here the food was amazing!! The second time was just ok, but was crazy busy at that time I still came back many times after that even for brunch and enjoyed the brunch! I would recommend to come here and the margaritas are THE BEST.
Came here for bottomless brunch on Saturday - this is my second time doing their bottomless brunch. For $47, you get 3 appetizers to share for the table, an entree, and bottomless drinks (4 options: mimosa, blanco margarita, sangria, and Bloody Mary) for 90 minutes. 

They cut their entree options to only 3 items which was disappointing. Their appetizers - guacamole and coconut French toast are sooo good and are also bottomless. I ordered the huevos rancheros which came with a side salad and potatoes. It was pretty good and I would order it again. The music was great as well! 

Unfortunately, our service was extremely slow this time and I feel our waitress was a little new from the way she was carrying our drinks and remembering our orders. Not sure if I'll come back to this bottomless brunch since I feel there might be better options.
Our party started with margaritas and the Salsa of 4 with Guacamole. The orange salsa was probably the most spicy but mixed with the white cooled it down a bit. The margaritas aren't packed with all the sugar that most flavored margaritas are! Also had the 2 Short Rib Tacos: tomatillo pico de Gallo, Chipotle crema, cotija cheese, cilantro and the Shrimp Tacos with Crispy gulf shrimp, guacamole, pico de gallo, chipotle crema, cotija cheese The tacos were packed and left you feeling fully satisfied! Service was also very attentive.
Food was ok. The best part was the guacamole and my husband loved his classic margarita. We shared 3 types of tacos. It was fine but not as good as the guacamole. And the prices are NYC prices. I lived in NYC for 3 years. But now I live in philly. I doubt we will be back. There are many other Mexican places with as good or better tacos.
Stopped by on a Saturday night. The place was very busy and lively. We tried cocktails and apps only.

So, the cocktails were $12-$16 each and were very unique. We tried jalepeno margarita, Mezcal margarita, old fashioned and a spicy cocktails (picture attached). All cocktails were delicious. Perfect amount of alcohol and very flavorful. We ordered chicken empanadas and octopus toastas. Empanadas were ok but octopus was delicious. They do have $4 habernaro salsa with chips was good. 

Overall our experience was good. Service was phenomenal.  They do have a happy hours. Will definitely try that too.
Updated review since coming this summer- I came during happy hour and was very impressed with the difference between visits! You can't beat the happy hours deals. The chips are amazing and home made, plus the four salsas are all great. We got some tacos, the empanadas, and the yuca fries. All were amazing and the plating was beautiful! The regular menu is priced a bit higher but can be worth it for the quality. They have cute outdoor tents to eat in during covid and service was much better this time around.
We had a great brunch experience here .  We opted for the 47.00 pp brunch.  The one drawback is that all of your party have to opt to do the bottomless brunch or no one can.   We started out with bottomless margaritas , but you have the choice to have mimosa , bloody Maria, or sangria.  The margaritas were very good boozy and made with milagro tequila.   The table receives 4 salsa dips and warm chips.   You also get all the guacamole you want.   The table shared French toast which was very good had a slight coconut flavor but was very good came to the table served with fresh berries.   Each person can also order a Mexican entree .   2 of us opted for the chilaquiles and two opted for the breakfast tacos.   Both entrees were well seasoned and super flavorful.  The presentation was great .   The one drawback was the entrees did not arrive together which did not affect the review since the food and drinks were good.  We definitely would go back.   The vibe is good, music plays loud so sometimes hard to hear but paired with bottomless drinks that is expected.  Great brunch spot if your looking for non traditional Mexican fare brunch .   They have other menu options to choose from however we stuck to the standard menus.    Parking was the biggest struggle here.   Uber if you have the chance... you have 90 minutes to eat and drink!   Based on the drinks we had it was
Plenty of time....
Ordered take out. A Steak Quesadilla which when I got home had NO STEAK. Well, that's a pretty big error. My son's food was fine so I avoid putting the rating down as a 1. $16.00 for a plain cheese quesadilla is an awful value. For a Steak quesadilla it was pretty expensive to begin with but without the steak?????
*chefs kiss* to the pork belly tostada i have wet dreams about. But seriously guys it's a melt in your mouth cronch all in one bite. Anejo is definitely on the pricier side but for good reason. It's authenticity can't be beat especially surrounded by tex mex (no offense to them). A must try, especially for happy hour!
This place is great! Atmosphere is chill and cool but the staff is also really friendly. They know what they're doing and what they're talking about, and you can tell making the customers happy is their main priority. Food is pretty good, some mexican classics and some twists, and for their prices it's 100% worth it.
My experience here tonight was absolutely AMAZING!! 
The food was so delicious, our server Justin was awesome , and the surrounding staff was great as well ! 

I highly recommend all the food that you will see below! Including: the Brussel sprouts, pork belly, chips and guacamole .. make sure you get ALL THE SAUCES! The corn , fries, everything was sooo good! 

My peers said the drinks were excellent! I had a sangria, and Hot Tot-- both were great !! 

My experience tonight was awesome! Highly recommend, and ask for Justin , he'll make your experience even more worth it with his hospitality, attentiveness, and menu knowledge and accuracy!
Three of us tried to get a table without reservations last night at 5pm. There were 8 open tables outside and some inside too. All three 20-something girls standing behind the podium seemed quite eager to let us know that without a reservation we could not sit because they are fully booked. Then one of them corrected the other with a snotty comment, "actually, we're overbooked". We asked if all these open tables have 5pm reservations because they didn't look booked from where I was standing. And yes, I will question the "authority" of a 22 year old who doesn't understand that she's in the service industry just a month after the industry has finally opened back up from a pandemic and already refusing business for the owners. 
We ate at El Camino Real, which was easy and affordable with margaritas that rival. 
After dinner we walked by Anejo at 6:15pm on the way to North Bowl and there were 6 empty tables outside. (I counted)
Then we walked by again to go home after North Bowl and, you guessed it, 10 empty table at 9:15pm. 

Anejo, manage the people that are "managing", or should I say, rejecting, your revenues. 

I don't blame the restaurant, I blame the help. Put them in their place, don't let them run the show. 
Your NYC location would never do that.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia because the ambiance is good, the food is great, and the service is incredible. I would end up writing a novel if I got into all the details of my experience, but I will recommend a few items: 

- The Anejo Margarita: my partner got this and it's become his new standard for margaritas. He's constantly disappointed by the ones we get elsewhere.  

- The Esquites: I think corn is pretty "meh," but I'll be ordering these every time I go to Anejo from now on. I don't know if it was the seasoning or how they paired with the tacos, but these made for a great side dish. 

- The Fish Tacos: not much to say except these were perfectly executed. 

- The Lamb Barbacoa: lamb isn't usually my jam, but these were so flavorful. 

- The Tequila Flan: I find that alcohol cooks off of most things, but you could taste it in the caramel and the cotija cheese was a great bit of salt that balanced out the richness/sweetness of the flan.

The only thing to be aware of is happy hour/restaurant week/brunch. This is pretty much an "all restaurants" thing, but if you go during these times, DON'T expect to be waited on hand-and-foot; they're slammed and you should have more patience considering how you're getting a discount.
The food here is fantastic! The drinks are just as good. The historic space is hip and open. Unfortunately the entire experience is marred by the poor service. I mean, I understand and even appreciate hipster aloofness to a certain degree, but this is your job! Please care.
This place was great for bottomless/ family style brunch! For about $50 you got bottomless mimosas, bloodys, margs, gauc and french toast! My friends sat outside and it was freeezing that day and they only gave us one heater which kinda blew since we were two large tables. The food was really good considering many places that do bottomless sometimes don't offer the best food.
This is by far the best brunch in the city. If you consider yourself a foodie, this is your spot. Every time someone comes to town this is where you need to take them. You can't beat the bottomless brunch deal and it is truly paired with the most delicious breakfast options. 

I hope everyone is as lucky as us to have Johnathan as a host as well. By the time you were approaching that last sip, he was at the table asking what your next drink should be. Personally will ask for him next time we come in. VERY attentive and wonderful server!!!  If you haven't been here, it's a Philly city MUST!
Tried the tacos couple of times - fish and shrimp tacos. Good flavors although find it a little pricey. I preferred shrimp tacos over the fish tacos. The margaritas are amazing and have good flavors to it. And couldn't go wrong with the chips and salsa. Overall a good place to grab small bites and drinks
Amazing experience. Great drinks (anejo margarita and the charro old fashioned), small plates (pork belly tostadas, shishito peppers, tuna ceviche, pineapple chipotle guacamole) and the duck enchiladas were nice too. Everything was very flavorful. 

Our favorites were the tostadas, ceviche, and the peppers. We sat outside in a booth that had protection from the street with hard plastic sheeting and neighboring booths by curtains.  We had a space heater, but it wasn't that cold outside. The place had a food vibe to it and seemed to get busy as the night went on. Finally, we had the churros and tres leches which were tasty but not over the top.
Awesome drinks and awesome meal . I would go back just for the chicken empanadas which were super light and packed with flavor. I could order a hundred of these. Also don't sleep on the cauliflower tacos A-mazing. Drink menu was great , lots of variety.
THE WORST DINING EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE.
I made a reservation here yesterday evening the May 18th for my boyfriends birthday. We were promptly sat outside by the hostess, which was great because the weather was perfect. We put in drinks and an appetizer immediately. They came out, delicious, then ordered our entrees (cauliflower tacos & chicken tacos) - very very good. 

25 minutes into our meal, after  taking my first bite into my tacos, we see the manager (tall blonde male), the hostess & our waitress talking and looking over at us. The waitress comes over, and tells us that the she needs to move us to another table. She explains that the hostess made a mistake and that "one of the other managers reserved that table specifically". There was an empty table right next to us. I questioned the waitress and explained that I would not be moving tables mid meal. It was truly disrespectful to ask a couple to GET UP in the middle of their meal and move. She said "I will help you move your food" ... absolutely not. I refused to get up. There was nothing special about the table we were at, I don't understand why they couldn't seat the other manager and their guests at another table. 

We continued eating, another waiter/busser tried to clear our FULL plates TWICE. We were being rushed out. When we left, I told the waitress we would not be returning to the restaurant due to the treatment we got. I don't know what kind of restaurant asks their guests to MOVE TABLES during their meal. Disgraceful, awful and a horrible representation of Anejo. Good luck getting customers to return with staff life that!
This place was pretty good. My main issue was the seating situation - we reserved a table indoors but it was PACKED. We were very close to the next table and there was a half barrier thing dividing us, but it didn't feel super safe. The chipotle pineapple guacamole was great, would definitely get it again. The empanadas and cauliflower tacos were both delicious. The duck enchiladas were a little underwhelming though. This place is a little pricey for what it is, but I'd probably go again because the food was good overall! The atmosphere is nice too, and they have some outdoor seating options available for better weather.
Very trendy style restaurant. Great for date night.  Music was nice! Service was good. The gentleman at the front with the locks was very customer oriented!!! Wait staff quick and attentive. I took off 2 stars because they only have nachos on the happy hour menu so you can't order it  before three and after 6:00pm. Also they have a very limited menu and don't allow you to switch the kind of tacos you order. None of the meals are a combo, so you have to order a side separately. Steak tacos were lacking flavor. The chicken al pastor tacos were very good. The guacamole was a good but not the best I've had.
Being North Jersey residents, we normally go to the Anejo in Tribeca but when we saw they opened a location in Philly and we happened to be near by, we felt the need to stop for dinner. We had a great experience all around! We ordered the salsa Quattro to start along with margaritas. The margaritas are a bit on the smaller side but delicious. Our salsa Quattro took a somewhat long time to come out but we weren't in a rush so it wasn't a big deal. At the end of the meal, our waitress kindly comped it which I assume was due to the long wait time. The short rib tacos were very tasty as was the corn we ordered as a side! If you come for dinner, don't forget to end the evening with their hot churros!
I have been to this place twice in my life. The first time was over the summer and it was AMAZING. The drinks were strong, the food was delicious, presentation was beautiful, and service was bussin. However, this time the margaritas were like water, food was bland, presentation had no effort, and chips were stale. I'm so sad to see this establishment go down hill. My friends and I traveled from New jersey to eat here again and we were very disappointed. The water was ok tho.
Good ambience and setting. Good music. Spacious and comfy seats. However, that's all the good they have to offer. The water was the best part. I ordered a passion fruit marg, and it tasted horrible. Not to mention how small the cup is it's served in. That was a slap in the face. I did like that they offer 3 sauces along with the quesadillas. Tacos are small for the price they are asking. Chips are hard as rocks. The sauce is what barely saved those chips. Won't be coming back. El Camino is better.
This place is good! But be aware the service can be really slow during brunch time. 

We ordered the shrimp tacos and the short rib tacos plus some queso fundido. And two mimosas. Everything  was delicious! The queso had a very distinct taste that was extremely tasty. The mimosas are okay but they add too much orange juice in my opinion.
Service was super fast and the cocktails are amazing. Best mezcal margiritas i have had since Mexico city
The music ( endless bangers), the food, the service was amazing!!!!!! Huge props to our attentive, fun, awesome, server- Justin!!!!!   He's the man- we will def be back. And endless booooooos, puhleaaaase
I went for dinner this past weekend and had an excellent experience. My server Lilah was super attentive and friendly! I started out with the pork belly tostada, highly recommend it. For my main I had the carne asada, also wonderfully cooked, full of flavor and a great portion. Will be back!
The lamb tacos were great but over priced along with the rest of the menu. Tostados were just okay. Food isn't as "elevated" as they think lol
