I've been going to B2 for a long time. Years. It used to be a place I liked. I don't what happened from then to now, but the staff there (with some exceptions) is just terrible. They're so rude it's startling, treating you as if you've wronged them by coming in. What's crazy is that I start believing that I must have (because why else would they act that way?) and find myself becoming apologetic for my trespasses against them and tipping heavily to make up for my sins. But I'm just a friendly neighborhood person who comes in, asks how their day's going, order my coffee, say thanks, and leave.  I don't get it!

I work on the avenue and my customers complain to me about B2 (not knowing the resentment I too harbor) and my boyfriend recently was so sorely mistreated by a short haired female barista that he ranted and raved about it for a week. He now calls the barista who worked that day his nemesis (which is hilarious btw). 

He and I have started calling the place S2, short for "SUCK 2", because B2 seriously sucks (and we are immature with our jokes). Immature as we are in private, in public, in B2, we are very nice, we tip well, and we say please and thank you, so man, I don't know. 

Because I always told to say something nice, I will say their vegan soft serve is awesome and cheap. Just know if you go there it's not you, it's them.
Have been coming here for years and have noticed the staff getting progressively worse in terms of service and attitude. I love the fresh juices but after my experience today, don't plan on returning. There's plenty of other coffee shops in the p'unk area that give great service, employ nice people and have better coffee.
Good food but really shitty staff. I can't stress enough how irritating it is to order something from here. It's like they get mad when there's a customer. If you hate your job then maybe you should quit.
Terrible customer service. My friend left his phone at one of the outdoor tables and called to see if it was still out there. The guy sat silent on the phone for a minute and said it wasn't there. Clearly just too lazy to give the minimal effort it would take to walk over and glance to see if it was still on the table. 

My friend walked back to see for himself. Sure enough the phone was still sitting on the table. Good looks man.
This has nothing to do with the cell phone incident. 

I'm a south philly native (not one of the transplants who thinks they're cooler than thou for living in the neighborhood I was born and raised in). Lived on the avenue for years and I avoided this place always. I once asked a barista if they could make a certain drink with soy and he curtly said "you can look at the menu on the wall". A simple yes or no would have been sufficient.

They never made conversation. And beyond Yelp, other people in the neighborhood have lamented "the people who work in there suck." And maybe these aren't generational people using a computer to write reviews or watch footage of events transpiring. These are community people who have felt like the people working in the shop are rude, inconsiderate, self-absorbed. Get over yourself b2.
There's a stink hanging over this place.

I've been in here several times over the past year. My boyfriend lives nearby and I love espresso, but unless I am severely hungover and desperate for caffeine, I doubt I will set foot in here again.

The coffee is just OK. It's too expensive and usually lukewarm. Honestly, I can make better at home for free on my own espresso machine. I do have a soft spot for their lox cream cheese, but it is not worth it to deal with the horrendous service. 

Dear god, the service. The staff here are so cool that you should feel honored when they decide to acknowledge you and take your money. After all, that means that they had to stop talking to each other/dancing around/making cutesy ironic signs for their vegan cupcakes. "Rude" only begins to describe the attitude here.

They're so busy being so cool and special, in fact, that they rarely seem to wash their clothes and shower. The last time I came, it was 8:30 on a Saturday morning. There were no other customers and about 3-4 staff members, but they still managed to ignore me for 5 minutes. Someone had such powerful BO that I gave up and left. I mean, hey, when I'm paying $8 for a coffee and a bagel, I don't think a shower is too much to ask.
I like b2 for its coffee drinks, food, cute signage and location.
 But to the baristas, is it really that fucking hard to smile once and a while or you know maybe be a little friendly ?
They always seem so unhappy and annoyed  its one of the reasons I try to avoid going
Something has happened to the coffee here - it's BETTER! Delicious, and in contrast to how I used to feel about B2 coffee. This used to be a seldom visited spot for me, as I live in the midst of a coffee shop mecca.  But now, I gotta say, it's my go-to. 
Bring your own mug - it saves you a bit of loot!
So I basically signed up for yelp because I hate this place so much. If you love hipsters with huge dogs who do nothing but talk about the fountain porter, this is your place.
Loved their coffee, sandwiches are ok (like someone else wrote, it was often enough that I saw brown spots on my avocado). Really limited seating and also the staff to me seemed pretty moody here... Maybe it's a city thing but pretty annoying to me when I thank someone for the service and I only get silence in return. I used to go fairly often but only because I lived across the street.
This place has a great location and a cool atmosphere. I was excited that they had green juice options at a price that isn't over the top. The problem is that I feel like I am imposing when ordering juice and I also feel like I am not "in" with the staff. It is ridiculous but this place evokes adolescent insecurities in me. Absurd as that may be, I don't want to give someone money for making me feel a little worse (I only like my S&M with alcohol).
   I chose to live in this neighborhood because while there is a lot of growth and change happening, the people who lived here for generations patronize the new businesses. Having lived through some rocky gentrification periods in No Libs, Fishtown, West Philly and even Manayunk over the last 20-some years, I know that this is a wonderful anomaly where natives and transplants are building a mutually beneficial community. It kills me to read reviews stating that B2 staff treat South Philly locals like they are morons. I totally believe it though. I look real working class and incognito when I am on my way to my studio. Maybe if I write "working artist"on my hoodie I will get my coffee without the side of superficial disregard.
  If the staff were professional and kind this place could be so awesome.
Not that Benna's was enough for the South Philly home-body or DIY hipsters as I'll coin them. You know what I mean...

The ladies who are home-schooled, took many hobbies including knitting, poetry, vegan-cooking, sewing and taking dresses from their grandmother and reworking them to make themselves look cool for this day and age. They also go to that underground bike shop where they buy exclusive vintage parts from the cycles that were in the 1962 Tour De France! Ooolaalaa! Not to mention they all wish they could be Virginia Woolf minus the suicidal river moment...

Ok maybe I'm being a lil' too cynical here and I'll take it down a notch. 

Luckily B2 isn't as cliquey in the sense as Benna's ( B1? ) is and maybe that has changed? I haven't been to Benna's in years but I remember it was pretty much a coffee shop for girls that looked like Raggedy Ann meets Karen O's make-up artist and if the Lilith Fair Movement still existed, this was the closet thing to it... complete with Indigo Girls B-sides playing as you order a leisbo... I mean latte.

Opps... Ok guess I am being a bit tad cynical.

Again B2 has more male guys working behind the counter but these guys represent the kind of guy these girls want to date, marry, or brag about. Which none of these guys will ever be committed to saying "I do" unless it means something else... ahem. 

The music here is a misshapen mess of every indie-mainstream song you may or may not have heard of on itunes? That doesn't make any sense... neither does putting indie on front of everything just so it gets these peoples attention. 

To the point! 

The food and beverage here isn't bad but as you walk in you get these eyes piercing at you from every corner, peering over their ibooks typing away. Judging you perhaps and already writing a blog of what you're wearing, talking about, and what to order at the front counter. Ok that's just utter hysterical paranoia and I won't stand for that. I'm better than these people, right? Right?!

Maybe...

But the purpose of a coffee shop or any space that is supposed to provide R & R is exactly that! I don't go there to show off what new nonsense I have read in some clever book that no one in their right mind would find time to read or listen to some indie-noise-band-crap that someone said holds the secret of universe within track nine. It's bullshit. I just want my coffee. I don't want to see your bike, your hair, your friends bragging about the sex party, or anything else that isn't worth what precious time we have left on this planet! 

"Can I help you?"

"I'll have an iced coffee, room for milk"

*snickers from the other end of the store*

"I'm watching you!!!! Ya twitter me! Write some LOOOOSSSEEEERRR is putting milk and not organic almond soy in his coffee. You make me sick!"

"That will be 2.25 man"

"Here keep the change. And as for you!!! Were you talking about REM cycles?"
I'm the dork who goes to coffee shops all the time but doesn't drink coffee, so I can't comment on the quality of that black, bitter brew everyone else seems to like so well. 

The friendly baristas at B2 hook me up with iced tea garnished with lemon and ask if I want a refill when I sit at the counter with someone else's cast-off Inquirer or the City Paper.  They substitute sun-dried tomatoes on the tomato-basil-mozzarella sandwich and endure me whining about crappy out-of-season tomatoes with a smile.  They blend up my weird smoothie requests (yes, I really want cucumber-melon-pineapple-mango, vegan, please) and laugh at my bad jokes. 

I love B2. It's a real community hub down here, just like its older-but-littler sister Benna's down the way.  Also, vegan softserve!  It's only $1.50 and lac-tards like myself love it.
Happened to be in the area today and the bf and I wanted to try a place we never tried before. Decided to search for a vegan/vegetarian place to try and ended up going with B2. I was a little disappointed with our order.

I got no.10 which had tofutti, sundried tomatoes, avocado and red onion on a GF roll. The bf got no. 8 which had hummus, spinach and tomato on  a GF roll. I can honestly say I have had better sandwiches. To my surprise, the avocado that was served on my sandwich was slightly brown, making it a bit unappealing to eat. The bf wasn't too thrilled with his sandwich either. It was bland for his taste. 

It's a small place, the decor is okay. Didn't really get a welcoming vibe from the staff. Probably won't be coming back here again.
Lose the 'tude, B2. I'm a barista too and your job isn't so miserable to give me glares as I order and then complain to your coworker about how much you hate making anything that isn't coffee related in your shop. 

I still stop in here if friends opt to come but I've started seeking competitors out just so I don't feel like needing my caffeine fix is such a chore. I smile, I'm friendly, I'm never crazy demanding with my order (even though the amount of times I've been overcharged kinda sucks), and yet I'm treated like garbage. 

3 stars is generous but it's only because you can still pull decent espresso shots and make my tofutti bagel most of the time. Even if it takes 10-20 minutes of waiting at times.

I get that bitchy baristas are a stereotype but do you have to employ only them and one friendly beardy dude?
I really like B2.  As others have pointed out, the queue is confusing and the baristas send out a judgemental and aloof vibe to nonregulars, which makes this place seem a bit uninviting. I can't really blame them.  After years existing in close proximity of Geno's steaks and listening to people order "expresso" and "café oh-lay" I'd probably be callous to humanity as well.  I just wish they'd feign even a moderate interest in life, is all.  Cute place, great fare, good coffee, and right across the street from the best pub in the city.
The new ownership at B2 is tanking the business.  I just witnessed the owner come in and start a dispute with one of the baristas over the register being $60 short.  It was ugly and accusatory and it was the employee that had to ask her if they could continue speaking in the back, not in front of customers.

I think these employees are kind and friendly, they play good jams, and create a positive, laidback environment.  Any operator who doesn't acknowledge that their employees are the key to their business do not deserve my money.

Drawer shortages happen; and there are much more professional, reasonable ways to deal with it when they do.
I came here because I was craving a little pastry and some tea to go with reading with my book. I saw the yummy looking pics of several pastries in Yelp so hence my inclination to try them for the first time. Two people were behind the counter. The young gentleman was nice and took my order while the woman looked generally unhappy while she was looking at her phone multiple times. I got a rooibos tea and a vegan lemon poppy seed muffin. I sat down and situated myself for some thrilling reading. I got a call and had to leave suddenly. I asked the employees behind the counter if I could have a To Go cup and a bag for my dry, dry vegan muffin(it seriously crumbled so easily). The guy again was the helpful one while the woman gave a blank, cold stare. I really don't think I heard her say anything or look remotely happy the entire time I was there until her friend popped in while I was leaving and her attitude perked right up. If you're in the service industry, just fake a small smile or somewhat happy facade. Too cool for school brooding attitudes and negative energies don't go unnoticed and easily transfer. Also, the vegan muffin recipe needs some reworking, unless that muffin was getting old. It wasn't satisfying at all.
Came here the other day for vegan ice cream. Wow! So good and SO cheap! $1.50 for a huge portion! Can't wait to come back.
Went there the other day. Definitely not friendly at all and while I was ordering, they looked at me as if I was interrupting them. I live in both New York and Philadelphia and this is by far one of the most uncomfortable places I've ever been too. If you want a place with good, respectful and friendly customer service, I'd suggest turning about before entering the door. Yikes.
Do I have to say it again? B2 is effing baller. I haven't had one bad experience there. I work as a server and am a partial business owner, and I tend to be critical of customer service when I go out, and my loyalty here has been earned. Again and again. Long live vegan soft serve!
what a great place (and what a great corner w/POPE across the way).  Lovely big tables and nice natural light, counter for those who are chitchatting with the staff.  Everyone seems to be friends here, which makes me feel like someone's younger sister eavesdropping on the cool kids' conversation, but I'll take that over crowded places with no atmosphere or bad atmosphere.

Good veggie sandwiches here-- apple, gorgonzola, walnuts, honey was delish.  I wish they had options other than baguette or bagel, like just plain old sliced bread, but that is a total nitpick.  They have soft-serve here in the summer too-- what coffee shop has soft serve??!  Now that was a good idea.
Pretentious hipsters ... "Ok"food ...stupid setup for putting cream or sugar in your coffee. It's literally right where customers stand in line to order. Rude service depending  on the staff. They make you feel like they are talking about you when you walk out.
Great cafe, nice staff.. but good luck getting a table, place is always very crowded with lying, miserable one-star yelpers.
I've been here a couple of times and both times it felt like I was bothering the employees, which is amusing actually. So I'm bothering you to do your job?! Asking for a regular cup of coffee in a polite manner and getting an attitude equals no repeat business from me. By the way, this has nothing to do with the incident recently. Thanks Yelp for removing my review and making me repost it. I wouldn't go to this place if you paid me and for whoever reported me..well thanks!
The best thing B2 has going for it is its location. Otherwise, it's severely lacking.

When I moved to the area a few years ago i'd go often, as it was really convenient. I'd go alone, with a friend or two, with my family. Most of the staff was pretty nice, and the food was ok. The past couple years i've been appalled at how rude many of the staff could be. About a year ago it hit a tipping point for me. One young woman who worked there frequently became so rude, it was actually personally offensive. She would never offer or reciprocate a "Hello," a "How are you?" or even a "What can I get for you." Just a blank stare, as if my mere presence and inclination to spend money there was a bother to her. I'm consistently friendly, so such rudeness was jarring to me. Once my order was up, same thing. No, "Here you go," "Thanks," or "Have a nice day," she would just, without eye contact, place my order near me and that's that. To my "ok thanks," i'd be met with an eye roll, a sigh, or ignored. What finally turned me off was the two times she disparaged the men and women waiting in line. Saying things like "Ugh. This line, are you serious?" and "I wish this line would just stop," while all of us, single mothers, business men, bike couriers, heard her and stood there awkwardly. Sorry, we're just trying to spend money here. So after a few encounters like this, where I tried my best to stay polite when faced with such appalling rudeness, I decided I was done. I'd give it a few months then come back to see if things changed. Went back a couple months ago. Nope. Same story. Today, I was in a bind, and wanted to stop by and get a sandwich real fast. Same story, different staff member. He managed to feign a "What can I get for you?" and that was as far as he'd go. No pleasantries. No "thank you," "or you're welcome." This person worked alone for some reason, and as a line of about 10 people formed, he couldn't be bothered to give a "I'll be right with you," or anything. People just stood there confused as he sulked around finishing orders. When mine was up, once again, it was pushed in front of me. No "thanks," "have a good one," not even the bare minimum of good manners and respect. And once again, I leave feeling like I just wasted my money in an undeserving establishment. 

And it's just not good enough to continue to do so. Since cutting down on B2 to the point of giving it up, I've taken to other establishments like Grindcore House, where the staff actually acts happy to see you, or at least friendly and respectful, and the coffee is actually tasty. B2's coffee is surprisingly bland for a cafe. It is without character, flavor, or richness. Similarly the bagels are dry and starchy, no crunch, little flavor. The sandwiches in theory are ok, the baguettes are good, and the vegan soft serve is nice. 

I wanted to like B2 and spent years trying. It's a great location, and some of the staff is actually very sweet. But I can't continue to spend my money at a place where customers are treated like an imposition and left feeling bad. I'm not alone in thinking this way, as a number of friends have arrived at this conclusion independently and have given their business elsewhere as well. It's a shame, to be so consistently rude to an otherwise friendly community.
Despite the fact that precious few faces ever smile back in these parts, I still come around. Of course there's the chance that when I *think* I'm smiling what people actually see is me baring my teeth like a crazed, wild animal. You never know.

Good hot coffee, good iced coffee... a nice variety of baked goods, little sandwiches and stuff... B2 is a comfortable spot to hang out for a while to watch East Passyunk roll by.
I've been here only once so far so I don't want to be too judgmental.  Perhaps I'll have a more favorable opinion after another visit or two.

Really I don't need to say much other than echo other reviewers' comments re: hipsters.  I simply didn't feel welcome when I sat down to order my honey and brie sandwich.  I asked for some water and after the girl behind the counter poured it then started to bring the glass over the counter.  I met her hand to take it and a bit of water spilled.  "Whoa, just let me set it down, OK??" cried the barista.  I didn't think this was a thing to get one's panties in a bunch about but my attempt to take the glass seemed to agitate her.  I didn't have much interaction with her afterwards as I watched her bob her hipster head to the nondescript emopop blaring in the background.

Now I know this isn't a full service place but I wanted more water and had to eventually go to the other end of the counter to finally get the attention of the other girl working there, who was engrossed in conversation with a friend.

Pretty much every baked good is vegan.  I wish there were more of a non-vegan selection.  Some vegan baked goods can be good, but only certain kinds of items.  If you think that any baked good can be just as good if its vegan, I'm sorry but you have no taste.  If I go there a few more times I wouldn't be surprised to run into someone I remember from college who ate at the co-op below my dorm, where dessert could be a sugarless cake with tofu-based frosting.

So yes I'm using some hyperbole here but I just didn't get a very good vibe from the place.  Further bulletins as events warrant, and I actually try a few other things.
"You're french is awful", said the unknown patron at the bar.

"It's true.  I speak italian though." I said in return.

"Man up and finish that goat cheese,cucumber and basil sandwich on fresh baguette!" said the nice girl working behind the counter at B2.

"Ahh, Passyunk Square" I thought, and then sipped my coffee.


I stopped into B2 after picking up a package at the Southwark Post Office.  It was a Saturday morning and I wanted something to munch on and some coffee to sip.  This place hit the spot.

B2 was full of young people all doing their normal Saturday morning things and I was lucky to grab a seat at the bar.  The three people working behind the counter were all very pleasant and before I could even finish my order, there was a hot mug of coffee in front of me.  That's what I'm talking about.

A few minutes later, a wonderful sandwich, neatly stacked and presented appeared in front of me.  It was so good that I had to take a picture with my camera.  I then proceeded to eat it.  It was, delicious.  I was told though that the sandwiches are not normally cut so fancy.  I must have gotten lucky.

Either way, this place is so great for a casual meal.  They have a bar and a small seating area, a variety of foods from freshly made sandwiches to a host of vegan treats that looked really tempting.  I had a great time here and I will definitely be back.
I've brought my tiny tot friend into B2 to eat many a messy peanut butter & honey sandwich. No one has EVER given us any huff at all - and I'm straight up admitting to letting my friend go hard with the peanut butter and honey all over the cafe table because i didn't have to be the one to clean it up.

The food is great, they've got vegan soft serve ( SERIOUSLY! ) and the prices are reasonable.

Basically b2 is great, and all the BS you're reading is just that - BS.
I went there to get coffee and some breakfast but there was a sign at the door that had their number and said to please call. So I did so, guy picked up the phone and was literally like "idk what you're calling me for, you can just open the door" 

I open the door and place my order with him, he mumbles something, I can't understand him, I ask him to repeat himself and once again I couldn't hear him, so I told him to speak up please

He yelled "CREDIT CARD, your CREDIT CARD" at me. 

I left immediately and I won't be returning. Absolutely awful customer service.
Cool, hip, sorta pricey, tasty place. Grabbed a smoothie/shake and i forgot what we munched on, think it was a bagel? Love the freshness of the veggie and fruit drinks, and the customer service is awesome. Very cool people. They made me feel like we've been neighbors forever! If only my darn wallet agreed with me more! I come here when I am out for a very long walk and am lazy to make my own green machine!
It's a well established fact that McThrill is hooked on indie coffeehouses (who knew?). And since I had already frequented Benn'as on a couple occasions, I've been interested in trying it's squared counterpart. So since Meredith's BBQ extravaganza brought me to the area anyway, I decided to give it a try along the way.

Over aside from their being much more space nside, I couldn't see much that was different from Benna's, same artsy staff, same strong coffee, same variety of delectable treats, same price. which is normally good and worthy of the same review grade. However with Black n Brew not too far away, and hooking all of that up plus brunch and breakfast burrito I'm kind of inclined to lean toward them (and not just because I need to stop in and see if my friend Carly still works there!).

But B2 was a grand place to sit and read a book in. And apparently I managed to miss out on things like veggie sandwiches and vegan soft serve ice cream. So it looks like I'm set for round two!
Pros: Juices are tasty, bagels are good.
Cons: Music is always realllly loud even though people are there to either a) talk to a friend or b) do some work.   I also unfortunately have had similar experiences with the staff that other posters have written about.  My most recent interaction was when I ordered a grapefruit juice with basil in it.  The employee responded that she didn't know if she *could* do that, and that she thought the basil would "interfere with the integrity of the juice." I'm not really sure what she meant by either of those comments, especially because I didn't ask what she thought of the combination (a favorite of mine) and because the combination was one that was introduced to me by a B2 employee a year ago... It seemed that she just didn't really want to be bothered by having to add basil? I'm not sure...but it was a pretty weird experience.  

All in all, I've enjoyed Chhaya and ultimo much more and have felt they have very friendly staff and tasty food/beverages.
Overall this place is very average, but it's definitely overpriced. It's one of those places who's menu would seem awesome in the burbs, but is whatever in Philly. The bagel sandwiches taste like every other bagel sandwich, but $2-$3 more expensive. For example it's around $2 to add avocado, and the avocado sandwiches have only two toppings whereas the others have 3. I had a gorgonzola, apple and candied walnut everything bagel. Kudos for a good combination, but I didn't feel like I was eating anything that I couldn't get somewhere else in the neighborhood. The vibe reminded me a lot of Benna Cafe, because they have baked goods on the countertop with fun collaged signage, but then again Benna is a lot less expensive so if you're looking for that vibe it's already available at a better price within a couple of blocks.
I finally checked out this place and basically, there is some truth to the previous reviews.  Yes, it is hipster central, but I must admit that I kind of like that...and I'm not even a hipster!  The place has a nice atmosphere.  Cool art is on display the wall.  The baristas usually have good tunes playing in the background.  Most importantly, the coffee is a-flowing and the baked goods are yummy.  

There are vegan and dairy options.  I'm glad I realized this because my fellow refused to accompany me to this establishment because we used to think that they did not have dairy.  He came along and was delighted to see the oh so familiar half and half while also appreciating the vegan baked goods.  

Also, I noticed that another reviewer mentioned flies crawling on the baked goods during his visit.  I want to mention that even though there were a few flies that managed to get indoors during my visits, there were no flies crawling on baked goods!  All the baked goods were either appropriately individually wrapped or they were in covered containers.  

They were delicious...Those peanut butter sandwich cookies...the lemon pound cake...that smoothie with espresso and no bananas!  

Now, here are the problems:  

The baristas could be a little more friendly, in my opinion.  I've dealt with 3 different baristas now and no one has been friendly or welcoming.  A smile and "hello!" would be nice.  

The place smells of that hipster body odor due to poor ventilation when it is busy and packed on a summer day, usually weekend.  You know, the same smell experienced on a happening summer night at the P.O.P.E across the street.  Word to the wise:  I did not experience this smell at B 2 when I returned during less busy hours during the week.  



So basically, go to black n brew if good friendly service, good coffee,  and lack of hipster presence are important to you for having the optimal coffee shop experience.  Go to B 2 if you want a more funky hipster atmosphere and better vegan options.  Really, if you just want more options in general.  B 2 has a good selection of drinks and foods.
B2 is a welcoming neighborhood cafe with a surprisingly wide and delicious selection of sandwiches, cookies, and other treats. The coffee is so-so, but the baked goods rock my world. 

Service here is never rushed- so don't pop in when you're on a tight schedule. Enjoy the slow pace and the animal and vegan friendly space. 

I love the variety of people I see here- artists sketching, kids playing, dogs resting. Set me up with a bagel sandwich and a seat by the window, and I can easily read and eavesdrop for hours.
I agree with the review below. I really like B2's smoothies ,bagels, and coffee. However, the staff is insanely rude and self righteous. No eye contact, total disregard for general components of customer service. I work in restaurants and have my whole life. I have a feeling that a lot of people who frequent B2 work on the ave, in the industry, etc. There are a few VERY nice people who work there, blonde girl, short girl with glasses always wears a hat. But that short haired little barista needs a reality check. She is so hard to deal with it's just out of control. I wish I knew her hours, so I could not go in when she is there. When I walk in and see her there I am so irritated. One time her and someone who was slightly new were just BLASTING gangster rap with the N word every five seconds, it was honestly pathetic. I will go to plenty instead from now on, unless I glance through the window and see the nice girls working. Get real short haired bike tattoo girl- you aren't saving the world, and everyone our age works in and out of hospitality industry. 
GO to PLENTY where they are ALWAYS more than polite, and not judging you for not being HIP enough.
Straight hair in my breakfast. Also less than impressed with guy making food. 
After reading the other reviews this seems to be a consistent problem, maybe try doing something about it. Prime real estate for such a shitty cafe.
I met up with a friend at B2 recently and it was my first-ever visit. Really enjoyed the casual vibe and the extra large tables. I could definitely see myself getting some serious work done in that environment. 

The coffee tasted great and it was strong. I was caffeine-buzzing all day long off of my large cup. I didn't have any food and I think the menu is pretty basic, but a toasting everything bagel smelled terrific, and the current main photo of the cucumber and goat cheese sandwich looks great. I'll be making a return trip soon.
Overpriced, small portions.

I ordered a bagel sandwich, which tasted very good however, there was hardly any topping. There was one very thin slice of tomato, a small thin slice of avocado and a small bit of cream cheese. Although it tasted good it was overpriced for what I got. If in the area I would go to Plenty café or Essen Bakery over B2.
It's been about 6 years since I first reviewed B2 with 5 stars on Yelp. Sorry to report they've changed ownership fairly recently, and the formerly friendly and engaging series of baristas that I got to know over the years have been replaced with those of a more lackadaisical persuasion. Coffee not so remarkable, either. In the highly competitive So. Philly coffee-shop market, I'm afraid B2 is not going to be ranked very high. Homey kind of place now just seems grimy. But, like I said 6 years ago, they're across the street from the Pope, couldn't be a better E. Passyunk location. That hasn't changed.
The staff is friendly, the prices are reasonable, and the eats are basic coffeehouse eats. This place is standard.
So why the four stars? Because they have softserve. I'm not vegan, but I'm always watching out for places that keep even a couple vegan alternatives and B2 certainly knows its clientele because just about anything on the menu can be vegan.
It's all pretty good, too, from the vegan softserve icecream to the vegan cupcakes. 
The staff is perfectly happy to make suggestions to undecisive people. I'd asked for some tea advice, and the barista came through and delivered on the spot. What more can you ask from a coffee joint?
barring the clientele, this place is pretty swell.

the kid had to use the bathroom, and needed a sugar boost--B2 came through on both. their apple juice is pulped/juiced/whatevered right there, and is DELICIOUS.

seriously...it was like an apple in a cup. sooooooo good.
Ok..So I used to make regular visits to b2, but the last couple of times have been awful. to start, I arrive around 8am and the music is blaring, and not even the kind of music that would be appropriate for such an hour.. I think it was some hipster/metal crap, either way it sucked. 
The barista looked sloppy and thrown together.. In fact she looked half asleep and half-dressed. I don't expect perfection people, but I do expect cleanliness and a damn effort to give a shit about how ad what you are presenting to the world. On top of the grimy barista who by the way took about 5 minutes to greet me, the look of the place was a complete disaster.. The juice machine was filthy, the tables were a mess and there were dirty spoons just hanging out in a jar. I was skeeved out to say the least, but purchased a coffee anyway.. I hung out for a bit to read the paper, but the conversations between staff members were so loud that I found it hard to relax. Sorry B2.. I've come to the conclusion that the owner must have flown the coop or went bat-shit crazy.. It's the only explanation I could find for such a display
Here's the thing: as a grad student, I need a place to work that isn't my kitchen table, is close by, and keeps me outfitted with coffee. If that place could be sunny, have cheap(ish) delicious sandwiches, and offer a generous discount for bringing your own cup? B2, I will finish my dissertation here whether you want me or not. 

Reasons for greatness: 
-$1 for coffee when I bring my own cup. No, it's not Japanese-pour-over-whatever, but it's a dollar. A dollar! 
-Wonderful sandwiches on good baguettes.
-I really like that the baristas give you a spoon and a napkin no matter what coffee you order. Odd but nice.
-Outdoor seating for people- and dog-watching.
-Lemonade in the summer. 
-Last but not least, plenty of outlets, and kindly baristas who don't trouble me when I come in for one (one dollar) cup of coffee and stay for four hours. Thank you!
DISCLAIMER: No. I am not writing because of the cell phone incident.  

PROS: actually good sandwhiches and moderately good pastries

CONS: The cappuccinos and lattes taste as if the milk has been scortched - and this is from several baristas. Too much money for a bad product 
The layout is pretty uncomfortable. The bar takes up a lot of space and the line ends up going out the door but no one is really sure where to stand and order, pay and wait. 
The staff, though not all, is fairly rude. Order swiftly, correctly, and with no substitutions otherwise you will get a rude response. 
Also, I find I am treated the worst when I wear my work ID (I'm a local teacher). Not really sure why that has made a difference. 
The music is really loud and uncomfortable. 
The bar area is typically cluttered and messy. 
An order can take a very long time for unknown reasons. 
Cash only, and the ATM service fee is whoa.

Eh. The pros don't quite outweigh the cons on this one. I'd say if you enjoy rude service and a $4.00 cup of bad coffee, this place is for you. 
If you like good service and bad coffee for $4.00 try Starbucks. 
Otherwise, black and brew (down the street) is pretty good and the people are nice.  

But all the locals know that best mocha is at Capogiro.
yeah this place has the worst service. went in a few times for a small coffee (super easy order) you would've thought i was asking them to pick the beans, roast them and make a fresh new pot along with clean my house. i won't go back here ever.
though i do love B2, due to its proximity to my bus stop AND my apartment, i've never been a fan of their awkward set-up.  

i'll start with the only thing that really, really bugs me.  when you come in, you get served as if you're at a bar ordering a drink.  while it's nice when you're not in a rush, it's a little frustrating when there are a billion other people trying to order (ie., on a saturday or sunday morning, especially).  

they really know how to pull a shot or make a cappuccino.  their coffee, however, isn't my favorite.  

the food, however - DELICIOUS!  great bagels, sandwiches, and baked goods.  and the smoothies?  swoon.
So, this place has a bit of notoriety from all the drama, but that did not deter me from checking it out. The cafe has a very relax feel to it, and has a decent amount of tables. A few of the tables are very large, which is good when you want to be on your laptop, with your coffee, and some food. The barista was real friendly, so I do no get where the rude behaviors come from. The coffee was a nice pick me up and the bagel with cream cheese was good. The only drawback, they only accept cash. They have an ATM, but I rather not pay a fee. Still, the place deserves to be checked out regardless of what ever useless mudslinging that is being hurled by the "natives" in South Philly.
This place definitely deserves a solid 4.5 stars at least, and I'm giving it 5 to counterbalance some of the silly 3-star and below reviews of this quite awesome coffee shop.

I live in Madison, Wisconsin and come to Philly frequently, and of the half-dozen times I've been to B2, I have never failed to get a table. There are not only plentiful bar seats (awesome for popping in and sitting by yourself), but a nice arrangement of tables. I've even witnessed strangers sharing the quite plentiful tables.

As to the comments about the "hipster" clientele and B2 staff, um, I'm looking around me right now as I am sitting working at B2, and two senior citizens who just walked in and sat at the bar were greeted by name by two of the staff members.

As for the review below that slams B2 because of its system of having people order at the counter as if it is a bar, I'll say that I've never waited more than 1 minute to be greeted by a barista. But, then, I do not have insecurities about my image that could be offended by a hipster barista not noticing me for two minutes.

Awesome things about B2:

-Dogs are allowed! 
-The food is great. I have not been able to waver from the goat cheese/cucumber/basil baguette. 
-They have fresh squeezed juices, including grapefruit and orange.
-Their coffee is good.
-Outlets are available, as is wireless.
-There really isn't a bad seat in the house. 
-For those of you who have diet restrictions, B2 has gluten-free and vegan sandwiches. 

The only downside I am currently experiencing is that it is, as Nelly says, freakin' hot in here. The air is definitely running, but I've been sweating for the few hours I've been eating, drinking, and working here. But, then, I realize this place doesn't exist to air condition me all afternoon on a hot Philly weekday.
B2 has vegan stuff?  And blasts Michael Jackson classics?  Bravo, B2, bravo.  In all seriousness, their tofutti cream cheese, onion, and tomato sandwich was fantastic and fresh.  I'm sure it didn't do any favors for my breath, but it sure did make my stomach happy.  Service was quick, food was great, drinks were decent, and the staff was friendly.  What more do you need out of a coffee shop?  Can't wait to come back here and try their juices.
For as much as I love the original, first Benna's location, I was stoked when I found out that Benna's was opening a second location in South Philly. I figured that it would have the same vibe, but unfortunately, I was dead wrong. 

I have a mixed bag of feelings for B2. First, I love the location and the space. Just like Benna's, B2 boasts a long coffee bar where you can sit at your stool of choice, chat, and order refill after refill from the friendly staff. However...

There's something hanging in the air... just a little something that's different from Benna's... can't quite put my finger on it...... Oh yeah! That's what it is --- Hipster pretentiousness!

In my opinion, the crowd that hangs at B2 is much different from the crowd that frequents Benna's, in that it seems as though every up n' coming South Philly hipster knows one another and they all hang out here at any given time of the day. Every time I go and consider getting a coffee "for here" I always change it "to go" because I simply don't feel comfortable hanging with a bunch of kids who play the "one-ups-man-ship in cool" game. I never dug that scene, and I'm simply too old & jaded to get into it now. 

With that being said, B2 is not responsible for the type of patrons who choose to hang out at the establishment. I am happy that they seem to be successful and I wish them well. I'll just be sending my well wishes from the other location.
really good coffee, amazing sparkling lemonade, and tasty bagel sandwiches - i love b2. the servers are always friendly (unlike last drop). 

tables can be pretty scare sometimes (especially in the winter). 

they're totally cool with bringing dogs in, too!
2 stars for 50% of the staff being polite and super friendly / Vegan soft serve.
I think overall this place is pretty good, although the servers try to give off a "sassy" vibe even though you can tell they are pretty nice-maybe just stick to "nice."

I do not recommend the cider, maybe the day I came someone had botched the batch but it had so much ginger it burned my throat.  Comfy spot, good selections, I'd go back.
The vegan vanilla soft-serve was amazing here.  On a summer day, hang out here and enjoy a cheap coffee (much much less than the price of a Starbucks cup of coffee) and treat yourself with a vegan/non-dairy vanilla soft serve ($1.50) with vegan chocolate sprinkles ($0.50).  I will certainly be back to hang out and study here more often!  The girl at the counter who served me wasn't the most friendly, but not so much that she made me want to stay away from this place.
Hi!  I am fairly new to the neighborhood and have enjoyed the varied selection of places to have coffee, chat, etc.   This location is certainly convenient, although it would not be my first choice.  The staff seem a little green (not in the tree-hugging sense!) and not too courteous.  I have been in a few times, thinking that we are all entitled to a Bad Day now and then. Folks behind the counter seem to have quite a few of them!  Got a croissant today that was definitely OLD and should have been reduced in price.  Three strikes and you are OUT..
Good coffee, can get a bagel with tofutti cream cheese and they have vegan soft serve.

Place would be perfect with maybe a few more menu items I could eat and if it was closer to broad street.
This place is like my second home. The soy lattes are always great and don't get me started with the sandwiches here, AMAZING!!! Staffs are friendly and funny at times. It's a good hang out place with friends or simply with my books. The walls are always hung with different art each month from local artists, which is another big plus. I have been going back there and will keep going back!
Coffee is good but the place needs to be soaked in clorox.  It smells like a Phish show...dirty hippy smell.  I walked in took a whiff,  and was looking for the nitrous tanks.
What a wonderful, wonderful cafe with the  most professional, upbeat and HONEST employees ever!!!  I hope everything turns out for the best for you and that your restaurant is flooded with GOOD people that don't say horrible and UNTRUE things about you!!!
Sheesh, when rating coffee shops I have about three criterion: 1) is the coffee good?; 2) is the service good?; 3) how is the atmosphere/cleanliness? For all three, I would rate below, below average. Coffee is absolutely mediocre. Similarly, the food is worse than fast food options at Starbucks or Dunkin. (Seriously, do they get their bagels and pastries from ACME across the street?) The service is awful. They are always understaffed and seem surprised when they have more than one customer in line. Furthermore, on a couple occasions I've overheard staff openly mock customers for ordering habits. The staff is rude and it seems like they don't even enjoy working there. Lastly, the atmosphere is meh and the shop is never clean. Everything there is broken (trash can lid has been broken for months) and the tables are perpetually sticky. Looking for a coffee shop in the area? There are many more within a couple blocks much more deserving.
I'm happy to call B2 my local coffeeshop now. Not only do they have awesome drinks (I'm a tea drinker, and they have some nice fancy tea lattes), they have great breakfast sandwiches, pastries, and LOTS of vegan options (vegan soft serve ftw!).

The only thing I really don't like is that there's no clear line/ordering situation ... it's really like a bar rather than a coffeeshop in that way, and that tweaks my anxiety! People tend to line up to the right, but you can also just go sit at the counter and wait for someone to notice you. I was about to do 4 stars, but honestly, I still like it so much that it's a 5 star. I choose it over other coffeeshops in the area.

Other notes: Seating fills up (but sitting solo at the bar is really nice), cash only, and there's an ATM in the back.
Why is it difficult to get friendly service. Shouldn't you be able to ask a question about what someone is selling. All I wanted was a high protein low sugar smoothie. Isn't this common and shouldn't be a hassle? I like to have good interactions with people.
This review is based solely on their smoothies. I love fruits. I love fruits that have been made into juices or smoothies.  It makes me feel like I can drink my vitamins, and enjoy a delicious taste, which is always a great lazy way to get vitamins.  B2 has damn good smoothies. 

They make them with dairy, yogurt, and nondairy (vegan) options.  I've only had the yogurt and the nondairy types, and they were both delicious. They have a variety of fruits from blackberries to strawberries to pineapple to oranges.   They are all decently priced, and definitely fresh.  

They also have great space to sit and do work or study.  They are cash only so be warned.
Delicious smoothie - that's the only plus

HORRIBLE customer service. Walked to the door and tried to place an order as we had cash and did not want to place an order online. The guy said to place an order online - ok so we went to place it and see if there was a cash option - there wasn't. Whatever - we ordered with card and our online order said it would be ready at 9:12. Around 9:13 I open the door and the guy goes yes..? i'm like I placed an online order and he goes ummm yeah and it's not ready. you'll see it when it's ready. 

Okay sorry? 1. No need to be rude 2. There was not one single other customer that was at the cafe so i'm not sure why he acted like he was swamped and unable to communicate with me. Kindness goes a long way  

First time trying this place and will not be back. Will stick with Essen
Really awesome food, drinks, atmosphere. They have a variety of vegan options including delicious soft-serve. Their tea selection is eclectic and from a local tea shop which is really nice. Their tofutti/sun-dried-tomato bagel sandwich is awesome and they make a really decent latte.

I'm continually disappointed by the staff, however. I really really try and give people in food service the benefit of the doubt because I'm a barista too. I get that it's often unrewarding, draining work. I really do get that. Sometimes at the end of a shift I can be a little rude and snippy too. But I try to be a friendly and engaging customer everywhere I go and the past several times I've been into B2 I've felt like a complete inconvenience for even existing, and I've gotten relatively simple orders every time (just like an iced coffee and a bagel with cream cheese.)
I came in earlier this summer--I was the only one in the cafe at the time. The baristas were listening to a podcast (cool--I get it--you're the one who's gotta work on ur feet all day so you absolutely should listen to whatever you want) but when I tried to talk to them about how I liked the podcast they rolled their eyes and ignored me. And then when I got to the counter it took another minute or so for them to acknowledge me (again, I was the only person there and both baristas were just standing leaning against the counter listening to the podcast). 
Again, I understand that it's hard work. You don't always have to smile. You don't always have to engage me in conversation. You can even be kinda pissed if I order something overly complicated because I understand what it's like. You can be sassy when someone's being an idiot. But when I start to feel like somehow I'm an inconvenience to you and am ruining your day *every* time I come in, it actually hurts! It makes me feel bad and sad! 

I'm going to continue coming to B2 when I'm in the area because the coffee and food and ambience is decent, and I love the little tip jar competitions they have (hey everyone, tip your baristas even if you think they're being rude. Just tip 'em!). But I really am disappointed by the vibe I've been getting by the baristas recently.
there's just something about their coffee...particularly their small, $1.00 size.  either i create the perfect ratio of cream and sugar every time, or their coffee is something special.  

you decide.
First visit to B2 and will never go back. Stopped in with two friends to get some coffees and a bite before driving down to the shore. There was only one other customer in the store, and three people behind the counter. Only one of them was doing actual work making the other customers fruit smoothie while the others were doing busy work stacking cups/wiping the counters/cleaning the espresso maching all directly in front of us but still completely ignoring our presence. No eye contact, no reponse to a polite hello. Nothing. A few minutes later when we were finally acknowledged by a staff member, the guy helping us was condescending and rude. My friend ordered the banana nutella smoothie and the workers reply was, "Oh, so you mean to order the B7 (or whatever its numbered on their board)." When I made my order of 2 iced espresso drinks and 2 of their chicken salad sandwiches I was met with an eye roll and a heavy sigh. Really? I couldn't wait to get out of there. Once we received our orders and were in the car on our way I opened my sandwich. I thought something was off upon the first bite. My friend whom I ordered the ordered the exact same sandwich thought the same. We opened our sandwiches and discovered that instead of chicken salad we got a giant slab of cream cheese with 2 slices of tomato. If we weren't already on the other side of the Walt Whitman Bridge I would have gone back for a refund. There are so many other places you could go near here and be treated so much better. From my experience, I don't even think B2 wants customers.
The baristas are complete assholes. I stopped in to have a coffee with a friend and was waiting for them to arrive. I just so happen to have had a cup from another coffee shop with me (no label and no rivalry) and planned to ask to have my coffee put in the already used cup so that I could save on waste. Within a few minutes of being there a man approached me and started to address that they have a "no cup policy". I had no idea what that meant so asked him "do you mean this cup?" He kept just saying "we have a no cup policy". I explained to him that I planned to purchase coffee  along with my friend and he proceeds to ask me to leave. I'm shocked and was like "it's just a cup, I don't understand if I'm buying coffee from you what the big deal was". I even asked if I could discard the cup. He proceed to tell me "we have a no cup policy aNd you need to leave, I don't make the rules". What a psycho path. 

I will never visit this place and hope everyone is aware of how rude these guys are.
Typical threadbare vegan shop. A small coffee is the size of a thimble. Oh and a shock, they only take cash but feel free to use their ATM with a convenient $3.00 surcharge that they can pocket. 

I won't patronize businesses that haven't joined the 21st century. There are people selling hash pipes on broad street who have a P.O.S. app on their iphone for processing credit cards, what exactly is YOUR problem?  

Allowing dogs in a place where people eat isn't a selling point, it's disgusting. They're filthy and it's inappropriate to burden other customers
The staff is inconsistent. I've noticed during the day that when the brunette woman with glasses is working (owner or manager?), the negative things I mention in this review seem to disappear. Overall, the food is good and fresh (except sometimes their avocados are a little brown, it's only aesthetic, I know, but still...) and all the beverages I've tried are solid.  No one seems to mind if you sit there for hours and work. Overall a great place with a comfortable atmosphere. 
     The only negatives I have are with some of the people who seem to work in the afternoons. They sometimes take their eye off the ball when unsupervised. These are three examples of  the types of observations I've made on several occasions:

1.  No one really wants to hear you loudly telling your friend how stoned you got last night while ignoring customers. I drink and know people who smoke pot, so it's not that I'm judging a lifestyle. It's just I don't think it's a great image to portray. Maybe I'm getting old, I dunno. 
2.  I don't care if you are busy doing other things, if I walk in and am the only person standing there, acknowledge my existence! 
3.  The morning music is good. I may not necessarily like every song played, but it's ok as background. The afternoon crew needs to learn the art of subtle playlists. Some of the music they play is unlistenable  to anyone but them. I see it written on other customers faces, too. 

My experience is to go in the morning when the "A" team keeps things on point. Afternoons are still ok, but just be warned what you might experience in comparison!
i'll start by saying this: i absolutely abhor the fact that they refuse to use a normal system like any other establishment! this is why i have only ever been to B2 twice. the counter operates like a bar. you may stand there feeling ignored while people who came in after you are being served. there isn't even a sign like "order here". it isnt a BAR, it's a coffee shop. there are a thousand other coffee shops in this city that have figured out how to serve their customers fairly and efficiently and there is really no reason to go reinventing the wheel when it comes to giving people drinks and sandwiches.

that being said, i like the green onion cream cheese. I know i could totally make it at home, but i dont. I like that they give you a ton of it, too. i like to really heap it on there. 

i also like the big tables, but i dislike that they are often occupied by one person who is spread out with their laptop and work stuff while my friends and i sidle into cramped corners. More small tables would seat more people.

i really dislike that it is cash only. i tend to avoid cash only establishments. there have been many a mildly hungover morning that i start my trek thiking i'll hit up B2 but end up at dunkin donuts to avoid the cash hassle.
Gross sums it all up. The place smells of BO and dog hair. I stopped going after I watched a staff member take out the trash, play with a dog and then serve someone coffee without ever washing her hands.
Awful, horrible service. Every time I have gone to b2 the baristas have been rude, snotty and down right mean. There a so many better coffee shops in the area....AVOID this terrible place!!
throwing up a 5 star review here for my favorite, most reliable coffee shop in the neighborhood. #10 sandwich is the best! keep on keepin' on, b2.
Caveat: They carry Old City Coffee, and O.C.C. and me do not gel. So Minus half star for that. Bah.
And the other minus? Weird set up and too-cool-for-school vibe when you walk in. I'm no hipster - I could never be considered cool enough and I don't have enough of a "blah blah blah whatever blah blah" attitude to qualify. I'm more "oooeeehhh - derka derka derka" than hipster. ANYway, total start star star for a coffee size choice of ONE DOLLAR. That's great. It's small, of course, but sometimes you have a buck and you need something hot and slick going down your throat, and a horny teen isn't around. (POW!) Vegan haven rounds out the experience, and the art is consistent in its awesomeness. Another solid choice on the Avenue.
When I was apartment hunting in Philadelphia in 2010, I stumbled upon B2 for the first time. I walked in and was instantly intimidated.

With that being said, I've been going to B2 since 2010 and it seems like a lot of things have changed. The baristas go out of their way to get to the customers in line as fast as they can. Maybe they're not as chatty as you'd like them to be, but come on. Would you really want to see the person you're waiting for to serve you laughing it up with someone four people ahead of you? I don't think so!

I really like their iced coffee, I always feel happily caffeinated.

In terms of food, I'm into the tomato, mozzarella and basil sandwich on a baguette. Only on a baguette! I can't get behind the bagels. I usually can tolerate any bagels, but there's just something about theirs that feels wrong to me.

Depending on the time of day, it's kind of hard to sit. Every table is usually filled by someone camped out, glued to their ipad screen.

Personally, I'm more offended with the people that go to B2 than the people that work there.
Nancy defintely knows how to run a coffee shop.  I feel fortunate to share a 'hood with such a fine establishment.
I like the Iced coffee sandwiches! Feel free to bring your dog in here too while you're ordering- dog friendly! Quaint little cafe.

I got the avocado, tomato, cream cheese (I think this is #3) on a toasted white sandwich. The sandwiches are made to order so it takes like 20-30 minutes especially if they get busy just fyi. Slow Service. Iced coffee is average but I think the sandwiches are good quality and they give a decent amount of toppings. Sandwiches are about ~7. The bread makes it pretty filling.

Cute spot to grab a bite to eat for lunch. It get kind of crowded inside but I saw some people with laptops doing work/studying.

I think this is a good place if you're vegan.
I have to admit.  I'm a sucker for iced coffee.  I don't even feel bad anymore about spending $2+ on it because it is like my lifeblood and it keeps me going.  SO, what's a South Philly girl to do with no Starbucks in a 10+ block radius?  Go to B2!!! (or Gleaners, but thats a different review)
I always felt like I would be intruding on someones reading group at Benna's, but I have to say, I get a different vibe here.  It's more spacious with more room for customers and beautiful natural lighting.  The layout is a huge improvement over E's, and has a bar counter and bar stools like Benna's (which I think is genius!)  
Although there are a ton of tempting food and beverage options written on the blackboard menu, my main mission whenever I hit up a coffee shop is the iced coffee and theirs is a real treat.  It cost between $2-2.50 for a large depending on whether you get it to stay or to go and is  delicious!  Strong enough, not watery, not too much ice - just the way I like it.   Plus they don't charge you extra for soy milk if that's what you prefer.
I recently moved to the Passyunk area and have taken forever to find the ideal spot for frittering away a late Saturday morning. My problems were solved today when I finally girded my loins and entered B2 after passing it every day for the last few weeks.

Although the bar-style ordering might seem intimidating, I found that the line moved very quickly. The staff was immensely friendly and timely with my order -- the barista even helped me find a seat, since the place was relatively crowded. What nice service! 

The bagel sandwich I had was amazing -- generous amounts of goat cheese, thick slices of cucumber, and fresh basil leaves on a delightful toasted wheat bagel. All of this for 5.50, and I am still full from it! The coffee was satisfactory, and I got a complimentary refill with the mug-sized serving. The rest of the menu looked just as appetizing, with a ton of vegetarian and vegan-friendly options to boot! I can't wait to come back again and try something else.

I'm not 100% sure why people complain about "the hipster crowd" here --  it feels pretty petty and detracts from what is a cozy, reasonably priced cafe with friendly service and yummy food. My only (very, very minor nitpicky) complaints are that the place is cash only and the table I sat at was perilously wobbly. Definitely recommended!
Stars for serving vegan soft serve; only 2 for putting so much sugar in it that I had to throw half of it away. 

The staff were nice.
The coffee was bad! It was bitter and burnt tasting. It felt like they were trying to cover up that it was actually a weird 50s diner. The wi-fi was fast...thats the best think i can say about this place. I didn't taste the food.
This place is amazing. The coffee and food is great. They treat the customers exactly how they deserve to be treated. I'll go back many more times.
Food selection is spot on and the coffee is decent. They have exactly what I'm craving on a Saturday/Sunday morning: bagels, sandwiches, smoothies and more.

I had a bagel with chive cream cheese, which they give you on the side so you can spread the amount you please. It was really good! previously I have had the chicken salad sandwich which was also very good. You don't pay for your food until your about to leave which is a little awkward considering it is a coffee shop.

A great place to do work except the internet is a little wonky. But the space is a nice light green and usually has artwork up from a previous art opening. The staff is generally friendly except for the male barista I had to deal with (major 'tud).
Eh. I don't really get the rave reviews for this place. I went in today to get an iced coffee, and I was really thrown off by the layout. It was cramped and odd, and not really cozy at all. The people seemed to be having a nice time, and the gentleman who served me was fairly nice, if perhaps a bit indifferent to my being there. And I have to agree with Greg B. on the menu thing. It's nice that they're trying to be different and artsy, but all I could see when looking from afar was a jumble of letters. Very tough to read. The coffee was enjoyable and I got a refill for $1, but just not really my cup of tea (or coffee, har har har). I guess I'll have to give it a second chance to try the food, because that seems to be their strong point.
Non-dairy frozen yogurt and smoothies, fresh juice and Wi-Fi.  Need I say more? 

The only downside is that I wish they had couches/more comfortable seating options.  The window seats they do have are lovely, though.
I'm disgusted that I even have to put ONE star for this awful place. It's filthy in there & I mean filthy. Like how long was that cream cheese sitting out? The staff are always rude & impatient like they are the only coffee shop on the block (they aren't) Black & Brew is right down the street and they have much better coffee & food!
I came to B2 last night with a friend for a quick bite and some coffee. It has a very laid back atmosphere, with lots of space and huge tables to spread out for work. If I lived in the immediate area, it would be a top pick for laptop work or a comfy coffeehouse read.

Though they were out of my initial choice (chicken salad), the avocado, tomato, and cream cheese on a toasted everything bagel was top-notch, and the thoughtful sprinkle of pepper and salt was a great touch. I appreciated that they prepare everything as it's ordered and not pre-packaged. My latte was also amazing, if a bit on the foamy side.

Cash only, so be sure to grab some bills beforehand.
Friendly service a wide-ranging but manageable menu with indoor and outdoor seating makes an inviting environment. The walls seem a bit bare but do match the wide plank floors and antique feeling of the space. The menu consists of tasty sandwich's for carnivores and vegetarians alike. The coffee is not all that special but the freshly pressed juice and soft serve yogurt are great additions to normal coffee house fare. 

The small space doesn't fit many tables and getting a spot can be troublesome at times. There's also a few sidewalk tables, though not much shade outside.
The Benna's tradition continues, and gets better! I'm a Benna's Original regular, but B2 serves up some good eatins' and drinkins' and I stop in whenever my schedule permits. Delish!!!!!
I absolutely love the vegan cream cheese, avocado, and tomato bagels here.  Couple that with a Sweet White Van decked out in the cute crocheted cozy, and I'm set for hours.  Also, as a city dweller who can't have a dog of his own, I love getting to go see the pups here!
This coffee shop is the BEST.

There is always soy milk available, the coffee is a delicious, balanced roast, and their sandwiches are so good!

Fresh tomatoes, avocados aplenty, and many vegan options make this place amazing.  Cozy seating and nice baristas make it a great visit for some reading on a Sunday afternoon.
My favorite coffee shop in east passyunk... Great food, coffee, staff, atmosphere, location,  free wifi, *not overpriced*.
when i approach the counter, im not sure whats going on.  whose in line, is it my turn, etc.  then they only accept cash, okay its 2011 not the 1970s, if you wanna do cash only give us a free atm in the corner.  when i walk up to the counter i expect to be greeted with a hello, do you need help.  last but not least, you should put some ice in your smoothies.  drinking warm smoothies in the summer time is whack.
Good spot for a quick bite--muffins, bagels, pastries, sandwiches, etc. especially for those vegan hipsters out there.  The also have vegan soft serve which, according to our dairyless friends who recently visited for the weekend, is beyond fantastic.  It was a pit stop every day of their trip!
The only criticism is the hot tea....a pint glass? Really?  Although the little knitted/crocheted yarn coozies are cute, they don't make up for the scorching hot glass and all the schmutzy tea leaves that are undoubtedly floating around in it.
B2 has excellent coffee, good food, and a great atmosphere. Sometimes it's hard to come by a seat, but on nice days in warm months you can snag a little table outside on Passyunk and people watch while eating a bagel and sipping a delicious iced Chai (or some other delicious drink of your choice). They are cash only, which is sometimes an issue when I forget to bring a few dollars, but they have an ATM for just such a situation and their prices are pretty good. Their staff is also always really helpful and friendly, and the crowd there is usually pretty chill. I highly recommend B2 for an afternoon coffee break on your own or with friends.
Not a fan of this place. Ive gone here about four or so times and each time I order a coffee and its always not that hot I mean its hot but if you dont chug it in under ten minutes your halfway to a shitty ice coffee.  I would come here for the seating that black and brew lacks but If you want a HOT cup of good coffee go across the street.
