My friend and I met up at Baby Blues on a super cold Wednesday night. We were seated in the first room where you walk in, next to the fireplace. It smelled delicious and the menu looked promising. I loved that there were four different sauces already on the table. I love sauces! 

Our server wasn't very friendly and we didn't see much of her during our dinner. At one point, when we realized a side had been forgotten, we had to flag down the hostess to request our server again. 

We started with fried green tomatoes which were as hard as hockey pucks. I get that it's hard to serve tomatoes out of season but maybe it would be better to not have them on the menu during those seasons. 

I ordered the southwest salad with pulled pork but I'm 99% sure it was served with pulled chicken. The lettuce was fresh and crisp but the tortilla chips were really stale and the roasted red peppers tasted a bit off. My friend had a rib platter and said both of her sides were really dry and not even worth eating. My side of mac and cheese was okay but not very hot. 

We picked this restaurant because I had a gift card. Thankfully, said gift card covered most of the bill, because I would have been annoyed paying full price for this lackluster meal. I do not see myself returning.
New location (2 doors away from the old one) but same great food, service and positive vibe! I love this place! We went Thanksgiving Wed eve, we sat at the bar - chatted with various staff wnd customers and had a ball drinking eating and did I mention drinking? I've no idea what the name of the drink was but I think I'd 3! It was vodka, pineapple juice, Chambord, and a splash of fizzy lemon - it was delicious and went perfectly with the candied bacon, blue cheese Mac n cheese and bbq chicken sandwiches with slaw and side of greens, and side of sautéed spinach were all fantastic. I especially loved the slaw! 

We were stuuufed. Best friend loved the sammy and announced it thusly! "Damn!! that's a good sandwich!" I think the pickles plus the bbq sauce pushed it from great to amazing. There are several bbq sauces from which to choose all house made. I highly recommend everything! Staff and management make you feel very special What more could you want?
A good ol' summer BBQ seems like a thing of the past...... with the 'Rona running rampant, it's hard to get that warm feeling again. Since BBQ for one is a little lackluster, I decided to call on Baby Blues BBQ  Philly. 
BBQ can be tricky, it has to be tender, smokey and in my opinion, plentiful. Nothing is worse than tough BBQ. 
I ordered the barbequed beef brisket, baked beans, chicken smoked rice, collard greens and cornbread. The brisket was tasty, tender and juicy but not fatty. The BBQ sauce was delicious, but not enough to go round. The collards were fair and the baked beans were very good. 
I ordered chicken smoked rice and it was good and even though the cornbread was tiny, the flavor was great. All in all, it was a decent, filling meal and if they would have supplied more of that delicious BBQ sauce, I would be wiping it off my cheeks right now.
I would give this place 2.5 stars, but rounding it up to 3. I'm sad to give this place a poor review because when I had gone a couple years ago, I had loved it, but since my last visit I think it's gone downhill. :(

I got the Chicken Sandwich for my entree and although decent, it was far from great. It was essentially just chicken on a grilled bun. The chicken was good, the bun was fresh and warm, but it did not have Cole slaw in it like the menu said. I asked for New Orleans Remoulade on the side which was the best part about it. The sauce was great. The sandwich did not come with any sides (not even fries?!) which was a bit of a let down. Even though the sandwich was presented well, my plate looked pretty bare!

Service was pretty slow. I felt like my boyfriend and I were waiting for awhile to place our order.

Overall, I don't know if I'll be dining here again. I felt like prices were kind of steep for the underwhelming food and poor service that we got.
I rarely write reviews, but I had to this time around. I have had brisket every time, hoping that this time will not disappoint. It always disappoints.

I don't care if the brisket is smoked for 14 hours if it's smoked at the wrong temperature. I don't care if it's hand-carved if each slice is less than 2mm thick. That's a sneaky way to cover up improperly cooked brisket. And forget about the pull test, way too tough.

The measly smoke ring and lack of smokiness makes me wonder if the brisket is actually just seasoned with curing salt with sodium nitrite instead of using... smoke. Or maybe the brisket isn't trimmed properly. Or maybe you guys don't mop/spritz it. I also can't find the bark. Where is it?

Sadly, none of my friends from outside the U.S. are fond of BBQ. Maybe this is why. First impressions stick with you.
I just got back from eating at Baby Blues and to be honest, as soon as I go home, I went straight to write this review. I left the ribs I took home in the car...they're probably gonna go bad.
 
I'm no expert in the BBQ world, but I do manage to grasp common knowledge from watching the Food Network, which does an excellent job of depicting how quality BBQ restaurants prepare their signature  dishes. Here's a video to help you understand the difficulty and effort that goes into great BBQ: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu-oobRhesU

Recently opened Baby Blues is pricier than other places and your ROI is not so great, as the food is pretty mediocre. The platters run from $14-20, and each comes with cornbread and two sides of your choice. 

I ordered the pulled pork, which was decent, flavor-wise, but a little overcooked. The portion was small, but the sides made up for it. I had the mac and cheese and creamed spinach, both of which were extremely delicious! The mac and cheese is a must-try - rich and creamy, and elevated by its bread crumb topping. The creamed spinach was a tad salty, but that's how I like it.

My friend ordered the baby back ribs which were okay, but definitely not something I'd think about if I'm hungry during class. The mashed potatoes we ordered were EXTREMELY sour. I gave it the benefit of the doubt, thinking that it was excessive use of sour cream and NOT spoiled butter or milk. However, the waitress was friendly and asked us if we wanted another side and later informed us that they were still fixing their menu and our comment was beneficial to their business. 

So overall, not that great, especially for the price you're paying. I'll give it another shot sometime in the spring so they can fix themselves up, but until then I'll walk a few more yards and eat at New Deck or Mad Mex.
I'm totally out of my element in University City, but my friend had a Groupon for Baby Blues. What better reason to get together with friends and stuff our faces with BBQ? 

My group of 4 met the Friday before the Groupon expired. I'm not sure if it's usually that packed or if the restaurant was filled with other Groupon slackers, but it was crowded. 

The space was probably my biggest (and only) complaint about my entire experience. The bar and restaurant are itty bitty. We waited at the bar for our table and there was no room to move around. My husband and I tried to stand near our friends at the bar, but we were clearly in the pathway for people to walk by. Forget moving around, there was no place to even stand. We had our own space at our table, except the table was cramped into the back corner. We really felt jammed in there but there's no space to comfortably fit four people, four chairs and a table.

Spatial issues aside, it was a good experience. To maximize the Groupon, we ordered four entrees to share and picked the 8 sides together as a group. Not only did we pick them as a group, we picked them like a fantasy football draft. Our team of sides was the greatest. 

We ended up with Memphis style ribs, brisket, BBQ chicken and pulled pork as our entrees. For our fabulous side lineup, we ended up with two orders of mac and cheese, pork and beans, creamed spinach, mashed potatoes, mashed sweet potatoes, sweet potato fries and collard greens. The meat options were good and I definitely enjoyed them, but I've had better overall. The sides were awesome. I probably could go back and just do another big old round of sides. 

Our server was also great. For being customers in a packed house, we still felt like we were getting enough attention and getting everything we needed. She was also helpful in a few of our side-related questions. 

The beers were also relatively inexpensive. While the craft beer list was pretty standard to Philly, everything was cheap! Beers were $3 during happy hour at the bar. Even during dinner, I was able to get a Dogfishhead 90 Minutes (yes, 90 minute) for $6. 

I feel like UC can be as foreign to me as Pittsburgh sometimes, however I'd come over to this neck of the woods again for another BBQ deal.
Nachos were really good with deep flavor and crunchy with great spices. 

The beef rib was awesome, a nice bark, very nice bark and less fatty than you would have expected. The smoke flavor was more subtle than you might want--they said it was 4 hours but I would have guessed 2-3.

The pork ribs were very flavorful and a boon to thy senses. They too had an impeccably admirable bark and the spices were near-perfection. Not a scintilla of dryness. The chicken too, was great. The skin was more charred than bark, had less spice and could have used a little more smoke. 

The mashed potato was creamy and buttery and a little oily. The corn on the cobb was nicely spiced too. The beans too, were cooked just right.

Lighting was ok

Seating was little plain.

Noise about average.
Come for the okra, stay for the okra. Hard to find on menus outside of Texas, Baby Blues does right by their okra. The breading was *chefs kisses!* delish. The sauces are also banging, and sauce is about 50% of a good BBQ experience, in my humble Southern opinion. 

The perks of this place are proximity to my workplace, a decent happy hour, affordable lunch specials, and outdoor seating. The problem I'm noticing as I write this review from a visit a week ago, is that the meat was not particularly memorable. I honestly couldn't even tell you what I ordered besides the okra. I remember our outdoor table was extremely unstable, and I remember the service being super spotty. (Though extremely nice!)

BBQ is best left to the cattle ranchers, but Baby Blues is a decent enough option to keep my cravings at bay between visits home.
Loved the whole night! 

Pulled pork, greens and beans and awesome cornbread! Delicious ! Really nice, friendly bar crowd and bartender. Interesting variety of bbq sauces-not overly sweet! Generous portions and nice atmosphere . I want to try the bbq chicken, spicy wings and Mac n cheese as well as the ribs. I'd love to try every side option as well. My best friend ordered the mashed potatoes as one of her sides and they were delicious! I bet they have great desserts too. We had a great evening- go there!
Went to Baby Blues once and found it middling. Service was good, but none of the food was exceptional. In general, the meat seemed overcooked and not particularly tasty. 

One great thing about Baby Blues is the sauces. I love that they have all the different sauces at the table for customers to mix & match to their own taste. I needed a lot of sauce to counter the overcooked meat. 

Here's the food report. I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars:

MEAT
***^ Chicken wings appetizer: wings were pretty good, nice cook
**^ Beef brisket was okay, not as overcooked as the Texas rib, but most of it was not succulent
* Texas beef rib was overcooked and tough. Too much of it was burnt to a black crisp. Rib is huge.

SIDES
*** Spinach was okay
**^ Grilled vegetables were basic, not great
*^ Potato salad was bland and disappointing

DESSERT
***^ Key lime pie was enjoyable, sweet and light

I was hoping to like it more, but unfortunately I was disappointed by the food at Baby Blues. I'm not sure if they were having a bad day or what.
Came here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon - wasn't too crowded, so finding a place to sit was pretty easy. However, trying to enjoy the meal was another story. 

First off, we asked for a round of house water to sip while going through their menu. It was BY FAR THE WORST water i've ever had in my life. It tasted like CLOROX bleach mixed with melted plastic. I guess the way they get you to order drinks is to give you cotton mouth with crap water... So I ended up ordering a CAN of soda (no thank you to fountain drinks here), and even THAT came with some crap and dirt on top of the can.

I was able to settle down after looking at their lunch menu because it had some pretty good deals - $10-$15 for mixed platters of meat. But my dissatisfaction came again when the food arrived; pulled pork was cold, beef brisket was ROCK SOLID and tasted like it was a week old, and the corn bread tasted like cardboard. Now I see why the lunch menu is so cheap - tasted like leftovers from the night before. 

Don't be fooled by the delicious aroma coming out of this place - you will be disappointed.
One of the great things about this place is that it makes you want BBQ, because you recall how good BBQ can be (somewhere else).  At least that's my experience.

With caddies full of sauces and a white-washed interior, the setting is styled picture perfect for a good southern meal.  Unfortunately, the thought that was put into the shabby decor didn't transfer to the meat.  

I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with a side of collard greens.  For a place that specializes in this stuff, I expected something at least tender and moist.  My BBQ credentials aren't great, since I can be persuaded by almost any BBQ sauce or rub, so I judge purely by the meat.  The pork was dry and teeth catching - that is, it got caught in my teeth.  Good pulled pork  melts into the bun and needs little chewing.  I chewed and sipped and added more sauce and chewed and added more sauce.  On the bright side, the collard greens were good, stewed in large full leaves instead of the usual rough chop.  But they could not save the meat; the restaurant is not called Baby Greens BBQ.  

A toothpick later and $13 lighter, my soul hungered for some more BBQ, but unfortunately to be satisfied elsewhere.
Not likely to be going back. I'm just glad the tab was paid for by my company. Let's start with the bill. without tip, almost 20 bucks for a brisket sandwich, iced tea and banana pudding. Now if the food was exceptional, I'd have no problem. three bucks for iced tea? Get real. Let's move on to the food. 
The brisket sandwich was in a small circular roll and had some nasty looking slaw. They also were nice enough to include a piece of fat that was about a half inch thick,and about 3 by 1.5 inches in the middle of the sandwich. Having been to some pretty good and bad BBQ joints in my life I can say I'd never seen such an abomination before, any responsible pitmaster would have sheared this off. I'll point out the rest of the meat was tasty but had I actually bit into this it would have ruined the meal completely. as it was I fished it out of the sandwich and got to enjoy looking at it on the plate. I mentioned it to the sever and got blown off with "brisket is fatty". I didn't waste my breath telling the person how wrong they are. 

The banana pudding was something I'd never repeat there. It just seems like it had passed its expiration date. 

It wasn't crowded so the service was good, there really wasn't anyone else to pay attention to. But this isn't how you serve something that had the chance to make me a regular any time I was in the area. 

Maybe it was a bad night, but they aren't getting another chance from me. Maybe they don't need my business that badly. I certainly got that impression. 

I'd really like not to give it more than one star but the only thing that wasn't substandard was the iced tea and even then they didn't offer a lemon on the refill. for a three dollar iced tea I ought to expect more than someone holding a glass under a spigot.
Am guessing it's better to just come here for beers. I went for lunch, and it stunk. 

Honestly, this was probably the worst pulled pork sandwich I've ever had. I wasn't surprised when I read all the other crappy reviews of it on here before posting this. On the bright side, the skin on my friend's chicken (haha) looked awesome, so order that if you ever decide to give Baby Blues a try. 

Anyways, as far as the sandwich- the bread was soggy, the seasoning was not appetizing at all (think kitchen sink of spices and odd flavors - not savory, tangy, delicious BBQ), and worst of all, the meat was horrendous. I was pulling pieces of inedible fat (not even the chewy kind) out of my mouth every other minute. On the flip side, the cornbread and mac and cheese were pretty damn good, and our server was really nice. 

Pulled pork- 0.5 stars
Cornbread & mac and cheese - 3.5 stars
Beef brisket and pecan pie... you can't go wrong with this combo, right? Unfortunately, I must have gotten a batch of very salty, tough beef brisket. It did not taste good at all. I couldn't finish it. I could drown it in sauce, but then I'd be hiding its true flavor. 

My slice of pecan pie was supposed to be Bourbon Pecan Pie, so I expected a much darker filling, perhaps even brown in color. The filling was yellowish like Walmart pecan pies. I even compared them side by side and they looked very similar (a friend of mine bought me a Walmart pecan pie and that started a whole search for good pecan pie, since the Walmart one was mediocre).

I could've had a much better BBQ and pie experience at many other BBQ places. There was a time, years ago, when Baby Blues was better. I had a few enjoyable lunches there, but this most recent visit just put me to tears. Unless they change something, avoid this place at all costs.
Had a bite here with friends.  It took some time to be seated, plus the chirpy girl at the front really didn't see us.  She did however know how to use her cell phone.  This place is as confusing as the decor.  Wonderful look, but a bunch of somebodies crap on the walls.  Food was lacking.  Some of the reviews said hit of miss, this place missed a lot.
There wasn't much room in the dining area, our chairs backed right up to another table.  The table was dirty.(So were the sauce bottles)  Our server was ok, she couldn't help the confused state of the kitchen.  Ribs were tough and over charred.  The Fries were burnt  I'm sure the chicken was rancid.  Beer is beer, but it was expensive here.  I thought this place had a chance, they'll close soon enough.  Serving bad food is one thing, knowing you're serving bad food is ignorance.   Having aftershave that reeks of pot is a bad choice as well.
Dirty tables, Dirty Bathrooms means somebody isn't doing there job. 

There are better options for Que in the city.
Overall, good experience. I'm cutting this place some slack since they just opened and are adjusting to the swing of things, but I can't complain. I had the brisket platter with cream spinach and potato salad, which also comes with corn bread. Everything was delicious but, my goodness, the cream spinach was AMAZING. I don't know if it's because I'm a college student used to indulging in my Lean Cuisines, but that spinach was just splendid. 

The service was a little frantic, and the space definitely too small so that you have to awkwardly move around as you're trying to get to your table, but I suppose the smell of BBQ wafting outside and luring you into the restaurant makes up for it. Hopefully, these people will get their act straight with time and the service will be a little more ordered. However, everyone was very friendly.

I would come back!
So you are visiting Philly ... and a friend recommends a meeting spot saying, "They have affordable drinks and the BBQ is pretty good"...
At first being exposed to delicious BBQ and high standards in the south, I had to think, "BBQ? Well, bless their hearts."
But... 
I was pleasantly surprised... like well "hot damn" surprised. From the moment I walked into the pinup girl themed joint, I was welcomed with a warm and hospitable vibe (not always the norm in the city), my nose was teased with the scent of deliciously cooked meat, and my eyes landed on a creative yet accessible cocktail list. 

Take your time... test out some of these sides. Have a cocktail or two. Don't sleep on the chicken. Find some funky comfort in the city of brotherly love.
I went to school in Tennessee, and one of the things I found I missed most when coming to Philadelphia was BBQ. I was so excited to learn of this BBQ restaurant in close proximity to UPenn. 

I was less than impressed with pretty much everything I ordered. The cornbread was "northern style," (the sweet kind) which I don't particularly like. The mac & cheese also had onions in it? So odd. 

The meat was pretty good, but I wasn't particularly wow-ed by any of the sauces. The one redeeming quality of this place was that they have great service. Both times I've gone I was seated right away and the servers were friendly without being pushy.

Overall, If you're looking for authentic, southern style BBQ, this isn't the place to go.
Just ordered delivery, pretty disappointed. My friend's burger was under cooked an fries were cold. My Mac and cheese had a sour taste and didn't trust it. Their "creamed spinach" was at least made with fresh spinach but was sitting in a cream colored broth, a far cry from creamed spinach. The brisket was okay nothing special about it. To top it all off thetly forgot my cornbread. I'm a chef and grew up with my father owning a BBQ store And this is definitely not something I would order again.
A sharp downhill tumble seems to have overcome what used to be a pretty great bbq place that I went to often. But my last experience there was really horrible.. the ribs were all horribly tough, difficult to cut even with a knife, and service took a very long time. It was really much worse than it has been in the past.
I went to BB's with seven coworkers today for lunch. They were able to seat us at a table downstairs. There's more to BB's than meets the eye, they have two floors and a secret room behind a revolving bookcase. No joke. 

I have to say I find the menu mascot a little risque. When I opened the website at work before heading out, I was a little freaked out by the drawing of a nearly naked lady... I didn't want to get in trouble for looking at naughty pics at work. Nonetheless, the menu intrigued me.

My friend and I split a BBQ chicken sandwich and ordered the sweet potatoes as our side. We ordered baked beans for an additional side. The chicken has a nice mild BBQ flavor, very tasty, and is served on a delicious, fresh, crisp roll. I enjoyed it with a little extra sauce (on the table, conveniently) and some cole slaw. The sweet potatoes were tasty and not overly sweet. The beans tasted  healthy, not sweet, a little watery, not quite what I was expecting, and were just okay. The service was a little on the slow side. A full five minutes after we were served, the waitress finally brought us an extra plate, because we were splitting our food. Everyone else at the table seemed pleased with their ribs, fried okra, greens and more. 

I'll go back next time I'm in the mood for BBQ, however, I did find the sides (or "fixings") a little on the pricey side at nearly $4 a pop.
Man oh man...

I'd been to the SF and LA locations, they're pretty good! Not amazing, but pretty good. Came in for the University City Dining Days promo (3 courses/$25). We got seated quickly, wasn't busy.

1. Our server forgot to put in our order (sat with no food for 30+min). 

2. Brisket was 40% fat, 2 of the slices had about a pinky's worth of meat.

3. Okra was totally flavorless. A star for the collards, they were good. Cornbread was great.

4. Server just kinda forgot about us. She was nice, but just...nowhere to be found. 

5. We saw a RAT up in the beams. Server was totally unimpressed and uninterested in our find. 

6. Dessert was terrible. Banana pudding out of a bucket, and a pecan pie that was less than Costco-quality. 

Everyone that worked there was super nice, which is always appreciate. But we got terrible, terrible service. And I know all restaurants deal with vermin, but seeing a rat after you've just eaten is a major bummer. I HATE writing reviews, but this just sucked so bad. $70something down the drain.
I have a lot to say about Baby Blues so stick with me fellow yelpers. Baby Blues is conveniently located near UPENN's campus, making it just a few blocks away from my apartment. It is located on a quiet road, right next to the White Dog Cafe, a popular brunch place in Philly. 

When you walk in, the smell of BBQ smacks you right in the face, and man does it smell good. Right in the middle of the restaurant is where you food is made. About four to five men walking around holding huge pieces of meat in tongs that they transfer to large plates for the waitresses to scoop up. I am not even kidding, I saw one of the guys walk about 10 steps holding up an entire rack of ribs in his tongs. Anyways, lets get right down to it.

I have been here two times now. The first time was average, the second time was extremely dissatisfying. On my first visit, I ordered the half rack of ribs and the fish. The ribs were dry. I've had better ribs at Chilis while hungover and eating until sick on a Sunday. The fish was bland. It was cooked perfectly, but barely had any taste. The side of mashed potatoes were insanely good, I'll give you that. The creamed spinach was awful. When I order creamed spinach, I expect an unhealthy dish where I can barely notice I am eating spinach. Instead, I received what seemed like plain spinach with a dab of cream, not tasty. They also forgot my side of mashed potatoes until I asked, but not a big deal. 

The only dish that stood out was the Texas rib. This thing was truly amazing. Had a bite of my buddy's and I wish I had ordered that. But for $25 I had to pass.

Second visit:

A complete nightmare. The waitress took AGES to bring out our drinks. I had to remind her twice that I was waiting on my beer. The food, however, came relatively quickly. I ordered the brisket and chicken, my friend the Texas Rib (again) and my other friend the pulled pork sandwich. We immediately dug in and noticed our food was cold. We had not seen our waitress for some time so we just continued eating. My brisket was chopped into tiny shreds and was overcooked. Half of the pieces were hard and dried out. As I go to bite into my mashed potatoes, I realize I never got them. Man, they must really not want me to get my potatoes. Eventually, she brought them after asking. My friend who raves about the Texas Rib claimed it was cold and dry. The waitress brought him a new one, that had less meat on it? 

I tried to like you Baby Blues. On to the next.
I have been a fan of Baby Blues BBQ since 2005 when I was planning a birthday party for myself. I met the owner Dan at the Venice, CA location and he was more than gracious allowing me to sample almost the whole menu. I didn't end up hiring him to cater my party but I'm a regular there now. Then he opened a store in West Hollywood and I've taken friends there a few times. Imagine my delight when (as I was leaving to visit friends in Philadelphia) he told me his brother opened a store there!
I took a group of 6 and everyone loved the food (well expect one very picky eater). I was most impressed with the consistency of the decor in all the Baby Blues. Danny's brother wasn't able to be there but Danny was phoning in treats for us delivered by our waiter who had been on the look-out for us. We were treated like royalty.
This restaurant is located near the University and we were glad school was out. I'm sure we would have had a long wait otherwise. My friends thanked me and said they would definitely go back.
Wish I had known about the phone charging lockers...a very cool feature, and be sure to ask them about the "private" dining room.
My first time here & the staff was very helpful. April was my server & she gave me the ins & outs on the menu. I decided on the Memphis style ribs (I think. Lol. I ate them so fast.). I had mashed sweet potatoes & collard greens with cornbread. The ribs FELL OFF THE BONE!!!! Yummy!!! The sides were DELISH AS WELL!!!  Boy did I have messy hands. Lol. It was a bit warm inside but that was ok. They have cooling units spaced out inside. The wait time for my food was short which was great because I was starving. Lol. Overall, I'm glad I came in!
I really wanted to like this place, but it's just not good.  The atmosphere is fun and they did a great job re-doing the interior, but the food is really sub-par.  We had a sampling of appetizers - chicken drumsticks, cornbread, various salads and mac and cheese.  I was really excited to try the mac and cheese because of everyone's rave reviews, but I was disappointed.  There was far too much cheese and not enough noodles!  The cheese was also too runny for my tastes.  The cornbread was super oily and the salads were just okay.  The chicken drumsticks were definitely the best part - really well seasoned.  Unfortunately that was the only item I enjoyed.
I had a craving for BBQ the other night and decided to order some takeout.  I ordered a pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries and a side of mac and cheese.  Although the takeout arrived in half the time they had said I was very disappointed with the quality of the food.  The pulled pork sandwich was so soggy I couldn't eat the bread, and had very little flavor, the cole slaw for the sandwich was lacking in both flavor and quantity and the mac and cheese (one of my favorite foods)  had a terrible flavor and was nearly inedible.  I was really disappointed overall and needless to say won't be ordering from here again.
DRY IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT. Holy crap their food is super dry. I was starving one night and decided to order in from BBB and got the baby back ribs, mashed potatoes, baked beans and cornbread. Thank GOD I had two 20oz Arizona teas in my fridge, otherwise I don't know how I would have gotten that food down!
okay, im yelping today because i ate here last night...

let me say it was f*cking awesome.  I ordered the little anthony(beef brisket and cole slaw on a long roll) with fries(mixed yam and potato) fair prices great atmosphere cool staff.   its too bad the world has deemed smoking such a horrible thing, because only one thing would have made this meal perfect , a nice cigar afterwards.

i expect more great things to come from this place.  Its about time ucity got some good bbq, and not another gay steven starr joint 

okay, ready for the cure for any hang over? 

 beef rib + hush puppies + bloody mary + bloody mary= cured

I will stand by this.  Sure you pay around 50 bucks but who wants a hang over.  and I'm talking HUNG HUNG HUNG over.
I went here for dinner a few Saturday nights ago. I was hoping it was going to be good, but it turned out not to be.

First thing I was not happy with was my table. The four of us were sat next to the door, and it was a cold Fall night, which sucked. Luckily, however, we were also sat at the table which was directly below the heater, so we just aimed all the air right back at the four of us.

The food was not good. Mediocre at best. The chicken was the only edible thing we got. We decided to do the meal for four then get an extra set of ribs in case it wasn't enough food. The ribs were fatty and undercooked, and the sides were not good either. We opted for the mac n cheese, creamed spinach, and mashed sweet potatoes. the sweet potatoes tasted like nothing but butter, the creamed spinach was in some sort of yellow-ish sauce, and the mac n cheese was just ok. 

The service was even worse. I had asked for a refill on my soda, and had to ask a second time 15 minutes later for a refill again. The waitress we had was friendly, but not too helpful. She actually had suggested the big beef ribs for all of us when we were ordering our food. I really did not want to act like a Flinstone while I was out to dinner with friends!!

I am definitely not going back there if I have a craving for bbq... there are much better places out there!
I was pretty excited to come here because I had heard a lot about Baby Blues, friends had given it rave reviews. They beginning was right on point with what I was hoping. They had Victory Festbier, one of my favorites, which is tough to come by outside of Downingtown. Unfortunately the beer was skunked, an apt start to the meal it seems. 

The rest of the meal and experience was interesting. I must say, the brisket was amazing, I thought it was actually on par with Dekes in Manayunk and Fette Sau in Fishtown. Unfortunately the sweet potatoes were very runny and the mac and cheese, which I had high hopes for, was swimming in oil. 

The service was relatively slow considering our order was pretty simple and the place was not crowded.

Maybe I caught it on the wrong day, but not a great first impression for me. My girlfriend has been here plenty of times and this was different for her as well, so we may come back to try again in awhile.
They have decent bbq but the service is way too slow! My girlfriend and I waited over 30 minutes for our orders... It seems the kitchen can't handle it when they have a lot of take out orders... We can see to go orders line up on the counter while we waited with empty stomachs
Thanks to the owner Fish, mgr Pete and the great staff for making my visit to Philly amazing.  This is hands down the best BBQ place in Philadelphia, great service in a very nice building with seating for groups or just a table for 2.  The downstairs also has seating with street level views for people watching. Private party space also available.  

The 4 types of sauce can be mixed in any combination and will deliver a full punch of flavor, Mild, Sweet, Hot and XXX.

I had the beef brisket platter with sides of Mac and Cheese and smashed potatoes.  The sides were nice full portions with plenty of flavor but didn't leave your tastebuds overwhelmed, it was a nice balance. 
The smokey brisket was a nice stack of tasty slices, perfect to absorb the afore mentioned sauces. 

Plenty of paper towels available at the tables so go ahead and dig in!  

The  atmosphere was warm and pleasant and makes you feel comfortable.  Cool amenities like a phone charging station, private room area and neighborhood charm make this a 'must see, while in Philly.
One of those unsuspecting gems you come across. Best barbeque ribs and chicken I've had. The sweet chilli sauce and the XXX sauce is a combination to remember, while the sweet potato fries are a staple to savor. Really excellent food, cooked to perfection, with GREAT service. The waitress gave us the best suggestions of drinks and sauces to try with our food.

To top it all off, the banana pudding FANTASTIC. Its better than the one at Magnolia's in Manhattan - and that's saying something.
LOVED Baby Blues BBQ. They have a huge menu with a lot of options. It's also semi-reasonably priced, especially the sandwiches. 
I had beef brisket and it was amazing! I dream about that brisket... Just waiting to get back to Philly to stop in and have it again.
The sweet potato fries were really good and the mac and cheese was pretty good (i have high standards for mac.)
I've recommended Blues to a few friends and they have all enjoyed their BBQ.
It has a great decor and set up... and the staff was very friendly.
It's worth going to at least once.
My time at Baby Blues BBQ was great. I had been there before when they first opened years ago and I finally returned since their opening. 

The Service: 5/5
As soon as we walked in, we had been seated immediately for a table for 2. Our waitress gave great recommendations for us. 

The Food: 4/5
We had ordered the Texas-Style Beef Rib and the Tackle Box. The Tackle Box included hush puppies, fried green tomatoes, wings, and tiger shrimp. Hush puppies was something I have never had before and it was interesting. I don't see it as something I'd go out of my way for. The best part of the Tackle Box would have to be the wings. Grilled with a smokey flavor, one of the best smoked wings that I have ever had. The Texas-style beef rib threw me off. I thought it would be a small rack of ribs but it was just one ridiculously large rib. The fat was still on the rib and not rendered off but apparently that's texas style. I thought the meat just fell off the rib so easily which shows that they new how to cook the rib right.

The Atmosphere: 4/5
We were seated by the door which I couldn't see too much of the decor. But you did get a southern feel in the restaurant with the numerous different sauce bottles. 

I truly enjoyed myself at Baby Blues BBQ and it's a shame that their aren't more BBQ restaurants in Philadelphia with cuisine like theirs.
The best part about this place is that... THEY DELIVER! What an absolutely fabulous idea. The delivery was fast, the food was hot, the delivery guy was pleasant, the ribs were wonderful! I was anxious to try the hushpuppies since I have heard good things about them. They were tasty, but a little greasy and not what I had in mind. They were more like a fritter than a hushpuppy. I am still on a quest to find a replica of the type of hushpuppy you get in the south. These were far from what I was looking for, but don't get me wrong - there were very good. I liked the corn in them. It was a great, convenient and reasonably priced meal and I will definitely be ordering (or visiting) here again!
I was a little nervous about this place after reading it was a franchise out in California, since I've never heard anything good about bbq in California. Still I wanted to keep an open mind and I do like good bbq, so I went here for lunch.

I was seated right away, but it did take some time for my server to get to me, since it was a little crowded and they appeared to be short staffed on the waitress/waiter end. Once my waitress came over, she took my drink and food orders very fast and efficiently.

Like the Yelper Kalina I, I too had what tasted like a watered down drink. In my case it was a Sprite. Though on second though, I wonder if someone didn't set the mix/mixer right. Usually those are prepackaged though, unless technology has changed.

I ordered the Carolina style pulled pork sandwich with fries and coleslaw. When it comes to bbq there are 4 things you need to do well: Meat, meat, meat, and sides. The meat was tender, but had absolutely no taste. Now if its a Carolina style meat, it should definitely have some taste ie a rub or vinegar/sourness to it. 

The fries were a mix of sweet potato and regular fries. They were ok, but nothing noteworthy. The guy who brought my order over said "Try this apple cider vinegar with peppers in it on your fries. It's delicious". I did so on a small portion of my fries, and well it tasted like vinegary fries. No real apple or pepper taste. So unless my tastebuds are completely shot that was a waste. The coleslaw tasted like it had been made fairly recently, since it had some crunch to it. However there was no zip to it(needed pepper or something else) and it wasn't creamy enough. It also irritated me that they served the coleslaw on TOP of my meat on the sandwich. I'm not sure if that was intentional or just a plating error. It's possible I missed the description of the sandwich, but thats the first time I ever had coleslaw dumped on top of a barbecue sandwich. And I've eaten my fair share of bbq sandwiches at this point, especially after living down South for graduate school.

Service was good. Kalina was right about the servers. If I was 10-15 years younger and single I'd be back almost every day just for them.

The space was nice but there is one flaw. The bathrooms are located downstairs with the kitchen/prep area. This wouldn't be a big deal except there is a narrow staircase. So you have to play chicken/who goes first in order to get back up. I did actually see some burnt ribs that could have been Kalina's. I"m glad she sent them back because they looked scorched.

I might go back and try something else at some point. The ribs actually looked and smelled good that were upstairs.
Hush puppies! Not only is that a cute term but they are delicious pieces of fried cornmeal cake that you must get if you come here. Unlike some of the other reviewers, I didn't have problems with it being too cramped or busy. Maybe because I ate at 7pm on a Tuesday night, but my brother and I enjoyed ourselves. I could see how this place could get more crowded on a more popular night, and how the wait staff might be a little overwhelmed, but the girl waiting our table was pretty attentive and service was good. 

The food:
- HUSH PUPPIES. Do I need to repeat myself? Cuz I just did. 
- Beef brisket and Memphis style ribs were both pretty good. I'd like to see how their baby back ribs are ... maybe next time. At least for me, the brisket beat the ribs. 
- There are four sauces available to go along with your meats... I wasn't the biggest fan of the really hot one but the rest of them were pretty good. 

I don't know where everyone else has been getting their BBQ, but for convenience being close to where I work and decent prices, I will keep this on my list of go-to places for a chill night of BBQ.
Like other tables around us, we endured far too long a wait for our food. Like our neighbors, we tried repeatedly to catch the staff's attention to ask if perhaps our order had been lost. A table of the same number that came in long after us received its entrees well before we did (and no dishes of especially long or short preparation time were involved). Nor was the restaurant very crowded. Some dishes were good (the grilled shrimp po'boy and the sauteed okra), but the grilled catfish po'boy was flavorless (underseasoned). One  waitress (not ours, who was amiable if frazzled) wore unflatteringly short shorts. Her derriere was hanging out, and this was not a good look for her (if a table full of red-blooded heterosexual males is turned off, you know something's amiss). For my part, I found the taste level of this waitress inappropriate; the restaurant should review its staff's sartorial choices. Make it work, people! Hoping for improvement. Will give this place one more chance.
Something has changed for the better at baby blues! I stopped in for dinner and it was the best overall experience I've had there and I've been frequenting baby blues for over a year now. They were extremely busy when I entered the bar, there wasn't even an empty chair at the bar but the bartender quickly grabbed a chair from the dining room and planted it at the bar so I had a place to sit, hard to find this type of customer service in the city so I was pleasantly surprised. The ribs I had were possibly the best I've ever tasted in my entire life!!  Got the creamed spinach and mac and cheese for sides and I highly recommended both, great combo and hefty portions which I can't say I've always had at baby blues.. I couldn't help but notice the place just had a whole different feel to it than it had the last few times I was there so I asked the bartender if they'd changed anything recently and he said yes, the newest addition to the kitchen is actually one of the original founders of the baby blues brand in California. I was then introduced to him, I can't remember his name but he was extremely friendly and was happy to hear I enjoyed my meal and then brought out some brisket for me to taste which was excellent.  Like I said it was just an overall awesome experience at baby blues from start to finish. I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys authentic BBQ cooking. Something has definitely changed at baby blues and it is absolutely for the better! I was surprised to read a good number of negative reviews here and all I can say is that when it comes to new restaurants opening its necessary to give them some time to work out the kinks and learn from their mistakes and I can confidently say that baby blues BBQ has done just that!!
I've eaten in here before and thought I'd order delivery through Caviar. BIG MISTAKE. Delivery was early--a rarity and appreciated. The order was first of all incorrect. It was also burnt and most of it dry to the point of inedible. Caviar refunded half the cost because it was incorrect but that didn't cut it. In the future I MIGHT eat at this place but definitely eat-in only in case I need to send it back. 
This was a mess.

Edited to add that Caviar processed a full refund once they saw the pictures. Nice.
The last time I was here was a couple years ago. I thought I'd try it again on my birthday. BIG MISTAKE. Poor service, dry meat, abismal mac n cheese. Let's just cut to the chase...

Food (1/5):
The baby back ribs were so dry and sad. I LOVE ribs, spare ribs, baby back ribs, st. louis ribs, beef ribs. But this was the first and only time I've ever struggled to finish ribs because of how bad they were. The ribs were so dry. Drowning them in sauce was the only way to make them palatable. The brisket was the star of the meal. Get the brisket over the ribs. Of course, with BBQ you need mac n cheese. Except not with this BBQ, SKIP THE MAC N CHEESE. They RUIN mac n cheese. Nowhere on the menu does it say the mac n cheese is made with BLUE cheese. I absolutely hate blue cheese. It makes me tear up because of its pungent flavor and smell. My boyfriend and I both ordered our own fixin of mac n cheese and left it barely touched off to the corner of the table. If you're going to add blue cheese, at least mention it on the menu or have the server warn customers. Blue cheese is not a popular cheese. The baked beans are not like normal baked beans. It's an assortment of beans that are not softly cooked and weird flavoring. They are very watery and do not pair well with the meat. Lastly, the dessert is so pathetic and quite hard to keep down. We got the key lime pie and the salted caramel crunch cake. There was nothing crunchy about the cake and it was way too sweet and weirdly soft. I'd rather save myself and just get a donut next door from federal donuts or get dessert at white dog cafe next door. The key lime pie had a soggy crust and looked ugly. 

Service (1/5):
You'd think on a hot, 101 degree summer day, they'd think to seat customers where there's AC. Nope! We were seated right in front of the entrance and had to request to be moved. The waitress rudely told us we both had to order from the dining days menu (which was our intention anyway). We barely got into our first wing before our platters were brought to us. They need to time the food better so that the food isn't left there to get cold or so that customers don't feel rushed. She also brought the check before giving us our dessert. We had our dessert brought to us then taken back because they forgot to complete it with toppings before. 

Overall, I am so so disappointed with this place. And quite shocked that they are still open. They take perfectly good plates (like ribs and mac n cheese and beans) and ruin them. This was my birthday meal with my boyfriend and it honestly ruined my birthday. I left so disappointed and clearly am still very salty (just like the beans) about it.
Such high hopes, so meh. I went here three times within the space of a couple weeks due to friends visiting and friends at Penn wanting to go for the first time. It truly was a blur of crappy service and unremarkable BBQ for a high price. 

The sides, I remember, were pretty bad as well. Maybe I'm in the minority, but I did not like the mac and cheese. 

Honestly, I wouldn't argue against someone who really wanted to go, but I would be fine without ever going in again.
I arrived with a group for lunch. 
I can say that this was a very enjoyable lunch. 
I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and was blown away. 
It was so delicious. The smokey flavor of the barbecued meat was very present. 
I think this is the best pulled pork I have ever had! 
I would go back simply to have it again. 
It came without sauce and it really did not need it. But, I added some to my liking and it still was outstanding. The food came out quickly for lunch, even with a large table of people.
This is a 'tweener rating (between 3 and 4 stars, not sure why I picked 3 over 4).  I was staying in the area at the end of a business trip and was meeting friends for dinner.  Unfortunately the weather did not cooperate and we were not able to eat outside, but we had a enjoyable evening here nonetheless.  We ultimately ended up sitting at the front bar and enjoyed attentive service from the bartenders.

There was a good sized beer selection, though mainly in bottles/cans.  There are about 6 items on tap.  I ended up selecting the Victory white beer, which was definitely a solid choice (so much so that I never changed).  I am not sure if they had a beer list, though it was not listed on the food menu and it would have been helpful to have (shame on me for not asking).  After a full day on the go in the city, I had a pretty good appetite and was not disappointed with quality or size of my meal.  I ordered the grilled shrimp and ordered it with mac 'n cheese and potato salad (per some Yelper recommendations).  I was pleased with everything that came on my plate.  Luckily, there was not a lot of the remoulade sauce, so the flavor of the grilled shrimp really stood out and I could try the sauces that were available for sampling.  I ended up trying the BBQ sauce, which had some zip to it but was not too hot.  The consistency of the cornbread is more like a moist cake, but I must say I kind of liked it.  Of all the sides, that was probably my least favorite (but it was still good).  

If my travels bring me back to the University City area again, I would definitely stop by again.  Not only was the food good, but I found this to be a great neighborhood bar to hang out at as well.  There were clearly a lot of locals coming and going throughout the night, which I feel is always a good sign about the level of service the spot provides.
Tasty sweet potato fries and a good burger. The meat of the burger was perfectly thick and juicy, but the toppings were not the best. I tried each of the four sauces on the table and no sauce was better than a sauce you could pick up at a Kroger. The decor is chosen to give the establishment a run-down feel even if that is not the case. The food is served on thick, plastic plates with faded decals in the center. There are definitely better barbeque places, but I did not have a bad experience.
After a roaring first at BBB on father's day, we were compelled to do it again and come back.  FAILURE ENGAGED!  The moist chicken smoked rice was now dry and had no taste.  The friggin bomb a$$ ( aka really really good) hush puppies were overcooked balls of something.  I'm really not sure what they were actually.  At 7:30 on a Saturday there was only 1 Texas Rib left!  Really?  On a Saturday? SMH. I had to let hubby have it because he doesn't eat pork.  Now, on to the Memphis ribs....wait wait..
BURNT!!!  Did I step into an alternate reality where the "great" BBB only existed on Father's Day?  I really don't know about returning.  I would want to taste test first which I don't think would be allowed.  Take a chance if you will and good luck.
Neat little bbq joint near Penn campus.  Ventured here with the work crew for a little lunch and met with a packed house.  This made for a longer than usual lunch, so keep that in mind.  

The lunch menu has some combo specials with your bbq staples.  My buddies said everything was solid.

I sometimes just get the jonesing for a burger and this was one of those days.  Maybe it's because I was craving like a champ, but, this was one of the best burgers I've had in a LONG time.  Perfectly cooked, thick cut, sweet and salty bacon, crispy onions.  Very good.

A huge group of dudes with a case of miller lite cans rolled in the lower level we were in and snuck their way into a hidden room behind a wall.  Pretty neat and a good idea for groups.  They serve beer so not sure how they brought beer, but would love to have a group of 20 friends in there.

Definitely worth checking out, expect a wait, and yes its cramped.
Oh, what a night.....late October back in 2010....the Phillies brought it back and we ate well. My husband, brother in law and sister in law stopped in after an event at Penn last night. We sat at the bar. The owners are brothers and come from a family of ten boys (I think) and you can tell. There is a great camraderie in the place and we had a blast. Everyone but me ordered the brisket and were very pleased. I intially wanted to catfish, but they were out, so I had the shrimp. They were delicious, as were the mashed sweet potatoes. The space is cozy and Philly-themed decorated. Compared to the prices and quality of Percy Street BBQ, the meats are less fatty (in a good way), there are more choices of healthier sides (not that any of us selected them - ha ha!) and the prices are more reasonable. I can't wait to come back!
Three words- pulled pork sandwich!! That's all you need to try here and you will be a fan as well.. My delicious meat o rama arrived in a toasted bun with coleslaw on top (we're off to a good start).. Sweet potato and regular fries danced around my fattening piece of pork heaven- yummm!! 

The pulled pork (unlike the one served at Pub and Kitchen which I profess I do love) was not dripping in sauce or flavoring but I liked it that way. You could really taste the meat and then could add as much sauce (many flavors provided) as you pleased. Having an aversion to super drippy BBQ this suited me just fine.. Fries were equally delicious. Yeah another nice addition to the W Philly food scene.
This place suffers the problem of low quality with high cost. Their food is mediocre, yet terribly overpriced and not very dynamic. They have a good bar, but so does all the other restaurants on this street. I have been twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. Their PoBoy was good for lunch, but the ribs were disappointing. Think twice before taking a seat and ordering here. The sides also seem cheap. Everything seems to be reheated from a freezer and the freshness doesn't really seem to shine through.
I'd like to thank the overly zealous door-dude at Mad Mex's who turned away me, my friend and her neice and nephew because her 13 year old niece didn't have ID. I mean it was 5:30pm, not even real drinking hours. (lol, okay even I don't believe that, but still...it wasn't that late) Without someone's gunning for a promotion on the backs of hungry 'tweens we'd have never found this place!

I was already bummed walking in the door because I really wanted some quasi-Mexican food and a big slushy alcoholic drink, so for me to become a BBB believer after one visit was no small feat.

The place was cool and woodsy. Literally cool, it was 97 degrees outside, and a dim wooden booth was right on time. We were seated across from the bbq bar, where one can pull up a stool and watch the experts whip up succulent experiments with meat. 

The service was good. I don't understand the perplexed look the waitress gave me when I asked for some carrots or celery to much on until our food came. I guess I can attribute that to maybe no one looking for snacks of the rabbit kind comes into Baby Blues BBQ for dinner. But the food came quickly so it was a non-issue.

And what a dish it was. Me and my friend shared a beef rib the size of a UFC fighter's forearm. Huge, tender enough to cut with a school cafeteria spork, and close-your-eyes-eat-it-then-hum good. Good enough to eat without the sauces. But you CAN"T not sample the sauces, that's like going to a strip club for the architecture. I won't go into elaborate descriptions of every one, but the sweet didn't disappoint, the bbq was tasty, hot delivered as promised, and XXX was just enough kick for the semi-daring (I could have taken an extra X in mine, but that's my only compliant). 

It came with two sides and we got a third. The mac 'n cheese, which is one of those dishes that can be real easy to f' up, was delicious. My friend had stewed tomatoes. I can't comment because the concept of a stewed tomato is kind of bizarre to me, but she liked them, so they were probably pretty good. The yams were decent, I can say I would've preferred a bit more sweetening, but I finished them down to the last bite, so who am I kidding? 

The kids had a shrimp salad and a burger, which they finished, so I'll assume they were good. Actually they're probably the best judges, if you take a 9 year old boy and a 13 year old girl out to eat and they finish their food, you can almost whole-heartedly believe it was good, because kids are the harshest food critics. But I digress...

The beer was average priced, there was something respectable on tap for $3.50. I have to have that when I return, because I WILL be returning. Did you hear what I said about the forearm sized piece of meat? I can't believe it took me so long to get here. I'm sorry for whatever business this place replaced (because it's fairly new) but actually I'm really not.
Best Ribs I have ever had!!

My husband were at a festival and decided on the ribs. What a great choice! We liked them so much, that we had to go for seconds :)
Not only was the food delicious and sweet tea authentic, the service could not be beat. As a Southerner, I was impressed with the quality of ingredients and taste of all the dishes. Highly recommend the fried okra, hush-puppies, and pulled pork sandwich. I only wish peach cobbler was on the menu. I will continue to return time and time again.
After ordering 5 or 6 times since Covid 19 I am very disappointed and dissatisfied with my order. I ordered the Mason Dixon platter which the ribs were substituted per my request for babyback ribs and they were over cooked and tough,the chicken was undercooked and pink with slight blood. Angus burger was good, but you totally missed the mark guys. So $57.00(fees, tax, tip ) down the drain and Im scrambling eggs
The food was just okay and the service left a lot to be desired. The menu states the brisket is sliced to order so I asked for leaner cuts if possible. I ended up with the fattiest meat at our table. Luckily a friend switched some pieces with me, as I found the fatty pieces inedible. My Mac and cheese was obviously heated up in a microwave. Makes sense, as they have a huge selection of sides but not a huge restaurant. There's no way they can be preparing everything fresh. 

We were seated directly in front of an air conditioning unit that blew right into my face. This was because the staff had their laptop and bags on the table next to us, using it as their personal area. That's cool, but maybe put your stuff on the less desirable table so paying customers aren't being frozen. The kitchen staff was constantly discussing  their plans for Labor Day weekend, and honestly just made us feel awkward for being there. The concept of an open kitchen is cool, but not if your staff isn't okay with being on display to customers 100% of the time. 

We very rarely saw our server, but eventually realized it's because he was also serving as the only bartender. Yikes.
FYI: They have some pretty cheap draft beers during their happy hour ($3), but to be totally honest, their happy hour options are limited.

My friend wanted to do happy hour to end the work week so we decided on Baby Blues after going back and forth between this place and Mad Mex. It was my first time here even though I've been to its neighbor (New Deck Tavern) a crap ton of times. BBQ isn't really my thing, but I'm the kind of person who will eat anything if I'm hungry enough. And I was starving. But let me just say....Baby Blues definitely DID NOT hit the spot in any way.

WHAT I GOT: Pulled pork sandwich with mac & cheese on the side 

PROS: The pulled pork on it's own was pretty good. It had some nice flavors, very meaty, and cooked well. The mac & cheese was also decent, but only the top and middle part of it. They also have a lot of sauce choices on the table for you, a pretty extensive bottled beer list, and a large variety of sides you could get with your meal. Definite A+ for the amount of variety and customization options they offer.

CONS: Not really sure where to begin. First of all, their large, extensive sides menu is basically their way of getting you to spend an extra $3.95 on your meal because none of the sandwich options, as far as I know, come with any sides. If you want a decently sized meal, you have no choice but to splurge on a side because otherwise, you would only be getting a lonely sandwich on a plate. Normally, it wouldn't be too too bad....but their food, in my opinion, is overpriced. Like I said, lonely sandwich on a plate. But that lonely sandwich on its own was $9.95. Sure, the sandwich does come with this tiny plastic cup (like the kind you put ketchup in) of cole slaw that was watered down and a pickle, but they were so insignificant that I'm not even counting those as a part of the meal. Again...lonely sandwich on a plate, which, by the way, was INCREDIBLY soggy on the bottom. I'm talking DRENCHED in oil. You could pick the bottom bun up and wring that thing out of all the oil that was in there and it would give you a nice puddle on your plate. I'm sorry but no. I definitely will not be coming back any time soon, if at all.
Ordered takeout tonight and all they gave me fat. Never again! I expected more from this restaurant.
Ok man this is the spot in the city if you want some good bbq grub, ya feelin me man. The hush puppies are the absolute truth dog. Always come here for the lunch special and you will save some mad loot dog.  The brisket is the ish, i'm tellin you. The sides are really good too. Potaot salad better than my momma's god, but don't tell here or I'll get the strap for sure, feelin me.

Mac n cheese is also strong and make sure you get that cole slaw when you get the pork. Cole slaw and pork go together like bullets and guns man. Thats the truth. I would say stay away from the burgers you don't come here for no silly burgers man. You come here for ribs, brisket, and the pork baby. Got to hit this join up at least every couple weeks man.

Parking can be a pain depends if classes are in session.
My experience at Baby Blues wasn't horrible, but I don't think there was much that would encourage me to come back. The prices are fairly high for the quality of food you are getting. We ordered the wings as an appetizer. They weren't bad, but I was very grateful for the different sauces. Pulled pork and the brisket sandwiches were too chewy and sort of dry. 

The best part of Baby Blues that night was the fries (both regular and sweet potato).
Wow.... this place was great and beyond what we expected. I am the owner of Consider It Done Barbershop and we decided to have our annual Christmas dinner at Baby Blues BBQ and the owner pulled out an array of deliciousness. We were extremely grateful by the way we were treated. A party of 7 ordinary barbers from humble beginnings but all that was forgotten as we were ushered into our very own private V.I.P. Room. It was an excellent night with excellent food and great friends. Thank You guy at Baby Blues BBQ.
Decided to try this new place that took over the Bubble House.  It was a nice BBQ jiving atmosphere.  Cool wooden tables that look rustic.  Neat seating area in front of the grills and burners.

Got the Lasker Burger.  Nice mix of blue cheese and a sweet bbq mustard sauce.  Very tasty.  Burger could of been a little bit more juicier but that's just me being picky.  I was a big fan of the fries which ended up being regular and sweet potato fries mixed together.

The sauces were great.  Sweet, Hot, and XXX.  The XXX was very good and had a strong bite at the end.  Keep to moderate consumption with this one.

Overall the price range was great.  Food was good.  Definitely not a 4 but somewhere in between. 3.5-3.7.   I would definitely go back.
This is such a weird place. I stopped in while on a trip in Philly for some lunch grub. I decided to have a seat at their bar and commenced to watching an absolute whirl-wind of a scene featuring a (clearly stressed) bartender - even though the place had just opened, several hostesses/waitresses, and yes, even the manager rant and fuss and cuss up a bloody storm over a frustrating caller who evidently did not speak clear English.

Now while I get that at times things can get frustrating and especially in the food-service arena, folks can get stressed out, but seriously... it was 11am, and you'd have thought these guys were going to reach through the phone and punch out this poor lady trying to order lunch to pick up. Not only were they acting like complete tools to the person on the other end of the line, but they were being extremely unprofessional in front of customers, speaking loudly and derogatorily about their other customers.

Ok, yes, it's a bar. I didn't go in expecting top notch service, I went in for bar-be-cue. So let's shift gears to that:
I ordered the Razorback - pulled pork BBQ, 1/2 rack of ribs, and a side (the chicken smoked rice). I will say the rice was most Excellent. Some of the best flavor packed into rice I've experienced, especially for a BBQ joint. The pulled pork itself was just ok. It was very fatty, with about 1/3 of my "meat" that was just fat chunks. What was actually pork was decent, especially when combined with their fantastic sauces (see below).

Let's talk about the real offender, shall we? UGH. The Ribs. GROSS. I will admit to coming from Tennessee. We do BBQ right, just like in Texas, NC, and well, pretty much all the South. These ribs were borderline offensive. They were not cooked nearly long enough. Were hard, extremely chewy in an unsavory way, and not even close to what you hear as "fall of the bone tender" - as rightful BBQ ribs should be. The meat was actually extremely hard to bite through and pull away from the bone. It clearly didn't want to let go because it knew it needed to be cooked much longer! In all, I'd say the ribs could've used about another 3-4 hours in the smoker. Keep trying there, Baby Blues. You got a ways to go on your ribs.

I will say, they had 4 different sauce options, and each of the 4 were fantastic. I don't agree with their hotness scale though. The "Hot" was more vinegar-y and had more heat than their "XXX" which had fantastic flavor and I used more of it than any other, but it was definitely not super hot, and I still think less hot than the "Hot" option. Their standard "BBQ" sauce was good, not great, and tad on the sweet side, while their "Sweet Sauce" was a touch thinner and much sweeter, but still quite good.

Overall: I would consider coming again, but would absolutely try other things and will definitely steer clear of the ribs. Nasty.
The atmosphere was nice. The food was mediocre. I was expecting melt in your mouth but it is Philadelphia..not necessarily known for BBQ. The baby back ribs were the best option. Brisket was a little too smoked and tough, Mac and cheese and greens had flavors that are untraditional. If you're looking for something "new" by all means go for it.
For $15 I expected a lot more than what I got here. Pulled pork platter, served with mac n' cheese and coleslaw. Oh and cornbread. And two cups of Troegs Dreamweaver. 

Seated immediately by the door, and the server came over promptly to take our order. Friend had the Memphis-style ribs which she found dry, and both of us had the mac n' cheese which we both found ~average. The coleslaw and fries were likewise average. 

I did enjoy their sauces however. I combined the BBQ with the hot and put it on top of my pulled pork, and the combo was quite good. We both left no longer hungry, but at the same time not really satisfied.
Let me start off by saying that if you want authentic southern barbecue, Baby Blues is not the place for you. Their barbecue is a second rate knock off at best, and for the price this is not at all acceptable. On my most recent visit with my fiancee I got the pulled pork sandwich with two sides (mashed potatoes and mac & cheese with complimentary corn bread) and she got the Memphis Queen plate which consists of a half rack of baby back ribs and a half rack of Memphis ribs with two sides. Because I was born in the deep South (Southern Arkansas) and lived there until I was 13 I am extremely picky about my barbecue, so it's understandable that I would be less than satisfied, but my fiancee was born and raised in Cleveland, Ohio and even she thought that it tasted like something you would find in a Boston Market type eatery.

While the meat was way less than satisfactory their sides are probably some of the best I've ever had (I know, I was shocked myself), and I would definitely recommend ordering their side sampler platter. The mac & cheese is super creamy and cheesy with the pasta achieving the perfect balance of soft and firm, seriously this might be some of the best I've ever had. My potatoes were creamy with chunks of potato, just the way I like them, and the brown gravy was super flavorful, definitely worth trying. My one gripe with the sides was the cornbread which tasted like it was right of a box, plus it was riddled with kernels of corn which the Southerner in me just wasn't used to.


The service was good, nothing to write home about, but acceptable, and the beer list was beyond satisfactory. True connoisseurs of barbecue will leave feeling underwhelmed, but if you're a vegetarian looking for great sides with a solid pint of beer, or if you like your barbecue candy sweet, this is the place for you.
2 stars is generous. 1 for food and service, but 2, because the waitress made an attempt on a rare occasion she came to the table.
I'm no stranger to barbecue, having worked in the south and have a daughter in Austin... 'nuff said.
We ordered Memphis style ribs, we got back shoe leather. Brought it up to the waitress after sending a bloodhound to find her, and to her credit, she offered to bring out baby backs. Even grabbed an order heading to another table. And they were exactly the same! Overcooked, dense, leathery in places. Now... Ribs are the staple of a barbecue joint, and if THREE ORDERS come out like the wooden surface of the Palestra? Either they've got one horrible cook in a bad shift, or this happens often. Either way, the worst ribs I've had. Hostesses were not gracious, and the waitress, as sweet as she was? Had to request that someone find her, every (rare) time we saw her. 
Like I said, 2 stars = generous
Baby blues used to have good ribs that kept me coming back. But the last few times I have gone there, I got very burnt ribs with barely any edible meat on them. Given how expensive the menu is, you would expect much better quality food.

For the sides, sweet potato fries are good, but the other sides are just okay.
Caution do not order sides! The ribs are the only thing they barely got right, simply because they use a smoker, the ribs they were nice, crispy yet tender. The Mac and cheese was a disgrace and the coleslaw smelled rotten so we didn't even bother. Just be warned about the sides and try the meal al la carte...
Wow, what a disappointment. Service was spotty, their allergen info was inaccurate and incomplete, and the prices are waaay too high for the quality of food. 2 meals and 1 app came out to 75 bucks!! What?! My waiter straight up admitted that he didn't think the allergen info was correct, so I left all BBQ sauces off my food except the 1 "safe" one. The bbq sauce had no flavor, no zing, the meat was tough and tasted like chemicals/artificial. Also, the pulled pork and brisket were not even cooked in sauce or anything. They had nothing on them and were mediocre in flavor. The mashed potatoes were okay, the creamed spinach was not creamed but it was fresh and pretty good. My brother ordered the hush puppies which do not mention they are stuffed with cheese on the menu. He is allergic to cheese. Neither of us could eat them, but they smelled good. The Perfect Storm drink was very good and fresh, so there's a positive. The moral of the story is: not worth it. Way too expensive and also, 5 hours later, I am very sick from gluten contamination. Ugh.
If you know what to get, this place is not bad. 

I've been here at least 8 or so times over the past year.

I usually almost always get the wings- I think they are worth it. I get them plain-dry rub, and use their different sauces. I think the sauces here are great - 4 different but unique flavors. 

I've gotten the pulled pork sandwich before, but I would not say its the best, but not the worst either. Its pretty dry and not that flavorful. The mac & cheese is alright. 

Overall, this place isn't that great, but I do think the wings are pretty good. Whenever I am craving wings, I get them from here (mainly bc its walking distance from UPenn), but also the sauces are also pretty good.
We've ordered lunch from here a couple of times and it is very very good.
My wife is a vegetarian so I don't get to BBQ places much. Her sitting there, picking at sides, while I shove saucy meat laden bones/forks into my mouth, does not make for a strong marriage. Because of that, I appreciate good bbq. 
I've had the pulled pork sandwich which was delicious and the bbq chicken sandwich, also delicious. However, the holy crap moment came from the wings. I'm not sure how they do it, but after one bite, I immediately said that it was the greatest wing I've had in my entire life. This covers wings of all varieties, not just bbq.  They are like, grilled, smoked rubbed and something elsed. Whatever it is, it works. Do yourself a favor and go here.
Best ribs in town!! They are so delicious. Nice crispy skin. Their Mac and cheese is fantastic. Brisket is next level. But their customer service is other worldly. The managers will make sure you have a good meal whether you order out or you're dining in. I can't wait to eat here again.
Had their food truck at the local brewery.  Great smoked wings and AMAZING "pig candy".  Definitely worth checking out.
This is our  go-to place when my roommate and I just really want MEAT. The prices are really varied. My default is the brisket platter because it's a step above the sandwiches but not as expensive as all the other platters.

My favorite thing here is the Hoe Down. Boneless beef rib meet perfectly flavored oh my gosh I love this dish. Order some mac cheese with it because that is also excellent. 

The ribs are super meaty. I don't really know the difference between the types but you can get the combo to make sure all your bases are covered.

My roommate really likes the rhino (steak) and I agree that it's really tasty.

The corn with cheese is good and so are the mashed sweet potatoes (as long as you like them sweet). Fried ocra is done right and the sweet potato (and regular) fries are great!

Make sure you save room for banana pudding. Although it's not done "correctly" as we do it in the south, it is really excellent. It's almost whipped banana pudding with chunks of bananas and nilla wafers (a must).


The not so great:
The macnow sounds so good, but is only regular good. The spinach is the worst thing I've had in the restaurant. So salty (coming from someone who use to eat plain salt as a child...) that I just wanted to rinse it off a few times.
I want to preface this review, because it is not a reflection on the food or drinks served but the service of your staff. Today June 29th around 10pm my friend and I came to baby blues bbq. We weren't greeted until we completely made our way to the hostess table which is about half way through the restaurant. When addressed we were promptly seated, and given menus. We placed our order for food and drinks. Our food came out daily prompt, but we did not receive our drinks. Our waitress(Sarah S) didn't check on us for most of the meal, but if she did, we would have informed her of the error. About 20 minutes into our meal, our drinks are delivered by an apologetic Sarah. This would be the last we would be interacting with Sarah until it was time for the check. As my friend I ate, I was unable to finish my meal and would likely have to pack it up. At this point I wanted to order dessert. No Sarah or manager checked on us. The time was 10:37 when I checked my phone. So instead of making a scene I decided to time how long it would take for a member  of the staff to get me a to go container. I watched as the person who looked like the manager walk around and ask how's everyone's meal, but me and my friend. I watched the waitress Sarah dance to Billie Jean. I watched as my decision to order another drink was made for me and forgot the idea of dessert. I actually could have successfully dined and dasher due to lack of attention of the employees and location.  The kitchen was closed when I saw Sarah next trying to collect the bill. In fact while settling up with my friend, Sarah Visited my table a total 3 times trying to rush my payment so I could leave. I didn't make scheme. Normally I live by tipping 20% at a minimum, but Sarah was asking to be given nothing. If my friend wasn't a regular I would have tipped at all. I left 15% but I I wanted and to leave nothing. I would like to know how you intend to resolve this.
Not good at all. I had Barbecue ribs- sauce was horrible collard greens- nasty, not seasoned at all macaroni and cheese- A hot mess. 
The cornbread- A square burnt mush! Horrible! Sorry, I won't go there again
The grilled shrimp was delicious. Everything else, not so much. They sent us rancid mac and cheese which unfortunately made my fiancé ill, and they burnt their fried okra that they didn't bother serving with sauce. Their cornbread is just plain confusing. Maybe just for the shrimp - Nah just don't bother. Other places have tasty shrimp.
I had a particularly unpleasant dining experience at Baby Blue's, but my friends who ordered the ribs loved their meal, so I have to give 3 stars instead of 2. 

Our waitress was upbeat and friendly, and was happy to move us to a table in a cooler location (the whole restaurant seemed to be unable to cope with the 90 degree weather). However, after we ordered, it took upwards of 30 minutes for our food to arrive and the restaurant was not that busy on this Monday afternoon. 

I ordered the sliced brisket sandwich ($10), mostly because everything else on the menu seemed extremely expensive for what it was. When my sandwich arrived, I was disappointed to find that the bun was hot but the brisket was cold. The waitress was happy to re-heat it for me, but that was a less than appealing way to begin my dinner. The sandwich was just beef on a bun and the meal did not come with any fries or sides except for a tiny cup of cole slaw. The worst part of the meal by far was the bland beef, which was mixed in with nauseating squishy balls of pure fat. It was very hard to eat. 

I've eaten here a few times in the past and the only good parts of my meals have been the hot sauce selection and the sides (the cornbread and the mac&cheese). My friends swear by the burger and the ribs, which I have not eaten myself. If you are into these entrees, consider stopping by; otherwise I say opt for the restaurants next door (New Deck or White Dog) instead.
Fried catfish with sauce, but I can't taste the fish.  Cornbread is moist but could be sweeter.  Mac n cheese has a nice tangy flavor but was kind of soggy.
It's ok to try it.
Not quite the service I would expect. 

I made a reservation here 30 min in advance with open table because it sounded good. 

I get there on time and they ask me if I just made my reservation because it wasn't there. I told her it was 30 min ago and checked my confirmation email that I received at 8pm on the dot. 

She then tells me that they only check their reservations once a day so they didn't have it and there was no seats for us.  There was an open table right next to where we were standing. 

She takes some time for draw that conclusion and we are seated. I order a burger that comes with french fries. By boyfriend got ribs.   

In get my meal no ketchup... we wait and wait can't get anyone's attention to ask for ketchup. Half way thru we finally get to ask for ketchup our waiter says sure right away. It will be a long wait... I'm done my burger noshing on fries waiting to feel complete. Where was our waiter you ask?  Well he was too busy playing pelvic pinball with the female employees.  This is Friday night dinner rush. Put aside your wing Wang and do your job.  My boyfriend asked me if I still wanted ketchup since I was pretty much done, and I said no. But he insisted I get it saying  "this is america and I deserve ketchup with my fries". And with an almost empty plate finally get my ketchup with another brief encounter with our waiter and my boyfriend tells him "she is still waiting for her ketchup" it arrives ! With as much joy as a new born baby my ketchup arrives!  I use it for the sake of using it. Finish off a couple of fries as they were mean to be eaten (with ketchup).  

I finish my beer and get out!  

I get that these are mostly college students working here. But your behavior your is a deciding factor for if I ever come back here again.  And my decision was No.  NO I WONT BE RETURNING HERE AGAIN. 

The food was decent nut not good enough for me to over look the fact that the staff would rather play pelvic pinball than do the job they are paid for.
Checked this place out after seeing it on Uwishunu and here. They said it was about a 45 minute wait on a Saturday night, which is expected.  We walked around the block and came back not 20 minutes later and checked on our status and a table was ready.  Holller.

It was really F-ing busy in there, and there isn't a whole lot of space so people are constantly rushing by you in and out of the front door and kitchen.  The bar is also really cramped.  We were hoping for outside seating, but it was also packed.  A good sign!

I ordered the pulled pork with mac n cheese and candied yams.  It was goddamn delicious and enough for lunch the next day.  The mac was one of my top 5 in Philadelphia, as the perfect mac n cheese is my personal phillyfood mission.

Will definitely be back, but going to try for lunch or a weeknight.
Food was outstanding, best BBQ I had ever had. Service was fantastic, she was blonde and had a great smile. If you haven't been here... Get here.
I left a bag in the restaurant and called to ask if they had found it. I came back the next day to retrieve the bag and found a note inside that said, "Leaving a $2.60 tip on a $46 meal is pretty shitty. Here's your bag." Our meal was $37 and we left a generous tip. The waitress must have mistaken us for the people sitting at the table after us, however it is completely unacceptable and unnecessary to speak to paying customers in such a rude way. If the people after us at the table had the same service we did (extremely slow, forgot to take our order for half an hour), I do not blame them for their less-than-generous tipping.
We were going somewhere else for lunch and changed our mind as we walked by this place and smelled the food on the street. It was so good that we went back a couple days later for dinner. We ordered the Memphis Ribs, one of the burgers, and baked beans for lunch. Dinner was the beef brisket, baby backs, collard greens and the okra....delicious!!! The customer service was outstanding....everyone was so nice, especially Danny!!! Can't wait to go back!!!
We stopped in for a beer after doing our rounds in university city. We were pleasantly surprised by a carefully curated craft brew selection and the wonderful smell of smoked meats upon entering.

The staff were super friendly. They gave us free pulled pork (which was excellent) and Philadelphia Brewing Company's Fleur De Lehigh, an excellent spiced beer I'd never had the pleasure of having before. It was warm, so they put it on ice to cool it down for me.

If you are in University City, you owe to yourself to check this place out!
Let's begin by saying maybe I shouldn't have picked a Saturday night to go. I got there a little after 7 and was eating by myself so I let the hostess know I didn't mind eating at the food bar. It was super packed in there and I couldn't tell which way was which and it was really tight horrible if you were claustrophobic. It took a while before someone came to me which sucked because plenty of workers were reaching over me to get Tupperware. I had to ask the cook if someone was coming to take my order. 

Someone finally came and took my order. My food came out pretty quick. I ordered the fried green tomatoes and the Memphis style ribs platter w/ Mac n cheese and pork n beans. The green tomatoes were to die for!! The ribs were ok but the sides were delicious. It was supposed to come  with cornbread but I received a hush puppy instead since they were "all gone" (which no one explained until after I finished eating and asked where was my cornbread). Maybe I just picked a bad day to go but I wasn't happy with my experience. The prices were ok $29 for everything before gratuity.  

The manager I believe checked on me twice but I had no idea who my server was since there were 3 different people I needed assistance from. All in all the food wasn't bad but I don't believe I'll be in a hurry back there.
Ugh I want to love Baby Blues. I really do. But unfortunately it can be very hit or miss. I have eaten here about 10 times, and 6 of those have been phenomenal: succulent meats, high quality sides, consistent service and quick seating. However, the last few times I've been, the food has been cold and dry, servers have been more interested in chattering with each other than refilling drinks, and there have been long waits despite a basically empty house. The last time I went, the Mac and cheese I usually love was GROSS. It was thin and oily with big cheese chunks and limp noodles. I would have asked for something else, but our waitress had wandered off again. 

All in all, baby blues is good, but not consistent. If you're willing to roll the dice (keeping in mind that entrees cost about $16 a plate), I would say go. If you're looking for a solid meal, look elsewhere.
Some bbq places make delicious rubs to create that trademark bark. This place seems to know about...salt. Lots and lots of salt. So much salt that we could not finish our portions and did not bother saving any leftovers. Brisket, Memphis ribs and baby backs all scorchingly over salted. This is a one and done.
What's up with all the bad reviews???  This place is awesome!  Loved the pulled pork, Mac & Cheese, wings and banana pudding.  Try it yourself and be the judge!
I was all prepared to come here and give these guys 4 stars and talk up the food - I had steeled myself for disappointment, but I had a solid lunch here. Except now I'm pretty sure I have food poisoning. Sad face :( I want to be cautious about attributing this to their BBQ, though. I'm a scientist, after all. These results have yet to be replicated. I'll keep y'all posted.
Easily the best pulled pork in the area. Fast delivery too.  The fries and mac & cheese are great.  The food is pricey but in this case it's worth the extra couple of dollars.
Absolutely terrible delivery portions and missing items from my order. This is my first and last time ordering from this place, the delivery didn't include any sauces at all for my food, arrived super cold, and the brisket portion is an absolute joke. Try enjoying an extremely dry brisket with no sauce, not very good. They clearly did not care about my order, the only positive thing was that they delivered the food on time. Who delivers bbq food with no bbq sauce?!?
Just stopped for a drink and apps. Had the wongs with the sauces (that were on the table) ....,these were the best wings weve ever had or at least top 3. Excellent. And happy hour on Saturday at 4.30 for $5 for them made them better. 
Recommended.
Just ordered the Spike! Brisket, pulled pork and spicy sausage...it was amazing! Try the XXX sauce... It was fruity with tons of heat! Mac and cheese was very tasty too!
Again, my mistake? Thinking the East coast has game when it comes to BBQ.

I had pulled pork, ribs, mac and cheese and cornbread.

I LOVED the mac and cheese - I could have eaten the whole batch of it.  

Service was quick and had a sense of humor, on my way out the door my foot caught in the cord of their stand-up-fan at the podium, the server says 'oh hey, thanks for pointing that out, that's kinda dangerous', yeah, no Shit, had I not grabbed on to your podium I'd have been suing your @ss! 

Meat was tender and juicy, but too spicy and lacking in depth of flavor.  Meh.
The chicken wings were excellent and I really enjoyed the different sauces. The sides were pretty good, I had mashed potatoes and Mac and cheese. My ribs sucked though. They had good flavor, but were very tough. Dessert selection was minimal, but tasted alright.
