Service:
I ordered through GrubHub due to the coupon Eat24 sent - food was almost an hour later than the estimated arrival times and they changed the times twice. It still was later than the latest time estimate. I did enjoy the the map feature and could see the driver's car but this isn't a GrubHub review. 

Back to service:
Food arrived warm/luke warm. Cucumbers were packed with the main dish making them warm. Roti arrived cold to touch. But no items  leaked. The delivery man was very nice.

Food 
Roti Canai 4/5
I was disappointed with the roti from the roti canai. It was "tough" and a bit too chewy. The sauce however was very good. It came with a nice chunk of boiled /braised chicken on the bone and a boiled potato. $3.95

I also ordered a few "rice dishes" to have for breakfast/lunch/dinner (Friday) and breakfast/lunch/dinner (Saturday), due to a need to "take it easy for a day or two." All rice dishes were lunch portion size and came with enough white rice for two. I will have quite a bit of leftover rice.

Nasilemak 5/5
This chicken dish, which included a half of hard boiled egg, was delicious. It was a little sweet, a little sour, a little spicy, and a lot delicious! My only complaint was the chicken was braised and there was a lot of boiled skin. It reminded me of my grand mom's chicken soup-chicken. I don't love braised meats, but I still enjoyed the dish $6.75

Beef Rendang Rice 3/5
This was my least favorite of the three. I'd it for dinner last night and again today. The meat chunks were braised and a little dry. The Rendang sauce was thin and didn't pack the punch I was expecting. It was more like Malaysian Rendang beef broth and there really wasn't much sauce, but it was a nice portion of beef. $6.75

Curry rice with chicken and potatoes 4/5
This was similar to the sauce from Roti Canai and it was also made with the same stewed chicken on the bone. I haven't eaten it yet but I stole a taste yesterday, it's similar to an Indian Style yellow curry - simple dish but good. $7.50
Service:
BANANA LEAF STAFF ARE THE KINDEST LOVELIEST PEOPLE! Just based on a mistake I made and they fixed - no problem! They are a pleasure to work with - I plan to call them directly for my next  order! Thank you BANANA LEAF!



Old review
I ordered through GrubHub - food was almost an hour later than the estimated times and they changed the time twice and was still later than the latest time estimate. I did enjoy the the map feature and could see the driver's car but this isn't a GrubHub review. 

Back to service:
Food arrived warm/luke warm. Cucumbers were packed with the main dish making them warm. Roti arrived cold to touch. But no items  leaked.

Food 
Roti Canai 4/5
I was disappointed with the roti from the roti canai. It was "tough" and a bit too chewy. The sauce however was very good. It came with a hunk of boiled /braised chicken on the bone and a boiled potato. $3.95

I also ordered a few rice dishes to have for lunch, dinner and breakfast/lunch/dinner today (I'm recovering from a little procedure and am supposed to be relaxing hence the lunch dinner lunch order). All rice dishes were lunch portion size and came with enough white rice for two. I've quite a bit of leftover rice.

Nasilemak 5/5
This chicken dish with a half of hard boiled egg was delicious. It was a little sweet, a little sour, a little spicy, and a lot delicious! My only complaint was the chicken was braised and there was a lot of boiled skin. It reminded me of my grand mom's chicken soup-chicken. I don't love braised meats, but I still enjoyed the dish $6.75

Beef Rendang Rice 3/5
This was my least favorite of the three. I'd it for dinner last night. The meat chucks were braised and very dry and the Rendang sauce was thin and didn't pack the punch I was expecting. It was more like Malaysian Rendang beef soup and there really wasn't m. $6.75

Curry rice with chicken and potatoes 4/5
This was similar to the sauce from Roti Canai and it was also made with the same stewed chicken on the bone. I haven't eaten it yet but I stole a taste yesterday, it's definitely an Indian Style yellow curry - simple dish but good. $7.50
Service:
I ordered through GrubHub - food was almost an hour later than the estimated times and they changed the time twice and was still later than the latest time estimate. I did enjoy the the map feature and could see the driver's car but this isn't a GrubHub review. 

Back to service:
Food arrived warm/luke warm. Cucumbers were packed with the main dish making them warm. Roti arrived cold to touch. But no items  leaked.

Food 
Roti Canai 4/5
I was disappointed with the roti from the roti canai. It was "tough" and a bit too chewy. The sauce however was very good. It came with a hunk of boiled /braised chicken on the bone and a boiled potato. $3.95

I also ordered a few rice dishes to have for lunch, dinner and breakfast/lunch/dinner today (I'm recovering from a little procedure and am supposed to be relaxing hence the lunch dinner lunch order). All rice dishes were lunch portion size and came with enough white rice for two. I've quite a bit of leftover rice.

Nasilemak 5/5
This chicken dish with a half of hard boiled egg was delicious. It was a little sweet, a little sour, a little spicy, and a lot delicious! My only complaint was the chicken was braised and there was a lot of boiled skin. It reminded me of my grand mom's chicken soup-chicken. I don't love braised meats, but I still enjoyed the dish $6.75

Beef Rendang Rice 3/5
This was my least favorite of the three. I'd it for dinner last night. The meat chucks were braised and very dry and the Rendang sauce was thin and didn't pack the punch I was expecting. It was more like Malaysian Rendang beef soup and there really wasn't m. $6.75

Curry rice with chicken and potatoes 4/5
This was similar to the sauce from Roti Canai and it was also made with the same stewed chicken on the bone. I haven't eaten it yet but I stole a taste yesterday, it's definitely an Indian Style yellow curry - simple dish but good. $7.50
I don't want to undersell the food, I don't. But the weekend atmosphere is what's most notable at Banana Leaf, and the atmosphere is that of an unsupervised dorm cafeteria on Malaysian night. The shit show now takes reservations. 

Wines boxed, bottled, and jugged are passed down tables as long as lines outside the Apple store. One table of 40 leaves, another table of 40 tag teams into the space. Craig LaBan's little decibel reader would find it's between a cable news debate show and a hurling SEPTA train. You can come to Banana Leaf with a big table, but you'll only be talking to people in arm's reach.

Roti canai ($3.75) is the Malaysian version of India's naan and is the keynote dish. Stretched and spun-slapped almost transparently thin, it's doughboy soft with pockets of crisped skin. It has the shelf life of french fries, though, and needs to be dunked in the curry chicken (bone-in, careful) before it goes lifelessly cold. Order a few of these for the table and hope that your dining companions washed their hands before they fondled off a chunk.
My first time was few years ago, and as far back as I can remember, it wasn't that bad, actually it was good.

Last week I was in the mood for something exotic- for lunch I mean. 
So, I hit Banana Leaf on a weekday during lunch hours. I ordered the Thai Pineapple Fried Rice, which was described on the menu as  "Fried rice with shrimp, cashew nuts, fresh pepper, egg, and shrimp pasted served in a pineapple." 

Intrigued? I was too. I was already sold on that description. 
As expected, my to-go Thai- style pineapple fried rice order, came in a take-out container, not in half pineapple shell. I wasn't disappointed!

Pineapples: I wasn't sure if the pineapples were not quite ripe enough or just canned. 
Cashews: Sort of stale.
Shrimp: It was such a nasty surprise to see the veins on the back of the shrimps, each one of them. Yuckkkks! Enough said!
Fried rice: Too wet and sticky. I'm not an expert, but I certainly don't recall asking for my rice to be soaked in too much oil. 

One more chance, you ask?! On a scale of maybe to absolutely; A.B.S.O.L.U.T.E.L.Y NOT!
Two Yelps
I was in the mood for Malaysian food last night but I refused to leave the comfort of my living room. Low and behold, Banana Leaf (unlike Penang) delivers! I looked to their Yelp page for some suggestions and went with the ever popular Thai Basil noddle dish. I don't know if it's just me, but I found it to be pretty spicy. What I thought was better was the Mee Siam; I really enjoyed the vermicilli noodles (they're like angel hair). Even though I was sharing the meal with a friend, I decided to eat all the Roti Canai. It's so good, sharing goes out the window.

When I asked to pay with a card the lady said they prefer checks. Really? Businesses still accept checks? I gladly obliged. 

The meal hit the spot and I even hit up the fridge for leftovers later that night. Sedap! (that apparently means "delicious")
I completely understand why some would be leery or at least apprehensive about venturing into Chinatown. Whether you're in Philadelphia, NYC, or LA - the Chinatown's and Koreatown's of these big cities are mystifying outposts filled with unfamiliar lettering. Seeing crabs littered about the sidewalks and roast ducks hanging in the windows can certainly be disconcerting. However, let loose the explorer and adventurer inside of you - and be rewarded! 

Case in point - Banana Leaf. Just on the outer boundaries of Chinatown, located at 10th and Arch Streets, this restaurant specializes in Malaysian cuisine. Banana Leaf highlights milder flavors that are not inundated with garlic (not that that's a bad thing!) and offers curries that have depth of flavor. An added bonus? It's BYO!

Banana Leaf boasts a spacious dining area that is well designed to transplant you into a new continent of cuisines. This ain't the dilapidated streets of Philly no mo! Service is brisk, yet friendly and the dishes come out quickly and do not put in a dent on your pocket. A steal of a deal if you ask me. 

Homemade Roti Canai ($3.75)
Pancake and Curry Chicken

Do start your meal with the roti canai, which is an Indian-influenced flat bread often found in Malaysian cuisine. The pancake is crispy, yet chewy (trust me - you won't understand the dichotomy of textures unless you simply try it) and served as one whole gigantic circle of glutinous flat bread that may, at first glance, not seem like enough to sop up the curry. But trust me - it gets the job done. 

The accompanying curry had a nice depth - clearly from a nice stock. There were a few morsels of creamy potato chunks and chicken, which was fine, but there were also tiny bones that were somewhat annoying. It's nice to know that this was made from a proper stock, but I could do without the tiny bones. 

Prawn Mee ($7.50)
Egg noodles, shredded pork, shrimp, vegetables, bean sprouts

For those afraid of spicy soups - don't be alarmed by the beguiling red tinge of the broth. It's milder than it looked. Advertised as Banana Leaf's favorite - the broth had an intense flavor of the sea - briny, deep, and delicious. The bean sprouts and spinach provided a nice fresh element to the dish, which was quite savory and filling. The 'shredded' pork seemed to be more sliced and was a tad dry. The shrimp were small, but tasted fresh, not frozen. It's quite the task to finish this dish - you'll need some help! 

Curry Chicken with Rice ($7.50)

Definitely get a curry dish at Banana Leaf. While the creamy curry sauce may initially look intense, the mild flavors of the underlying coconut milk help to assuage the spiciness. The chicken chunks were moist and mixed with the accompanying huge scoop of delicious, yet simple rice, this dish is a winner. The GF was hoping for a bit more veggies in the dish, but of course, Banana Leaf does offer other curries, which will certainly be ordered on future visits.

Overall, Banana Leaf offers a cheap, yet satisfying meal that takes you on a journey of Malaysian proportions. I would eat anything mixed with that curry sauce and the perfectly made roti is a nice way to start your meal. The portions will keep you satisfied, but it's the tastes and flavors that will keep you coming back for more.
I'm a pretty big fan of Banana Leaf due to the following conveniences:
-Large seating area
-Non-drab wall paintings
-BYOB
-Thai Basil Noodles (my parents, my friends and I love this dish)
-Pretty prompt service
-Oranges at the end of your meal (but it seems to me that only happens after dinner)
-Instead of a mint to grab as you leave, you get to grab some guava candy that actually taste like the real thing! (I must peruse through stores to find this and those addicting lychee and muscat gummies)

Minor inconveniences:
-The meat entrees are a couple dollars too extra for my liking. I'm used to ~$3-$4 less. (hey, I work on a budget, people).
-No oranges after lunch I suppose?
-Prompt service could be the same as rushed service to some
-Can get loud while you eat. But not as loud as Beau Monde, thank goodness.

It's a pretty great place to get a spicy meal if you wish at a pretty reasonable price in a pretty cleanly environment.
Banana Leaf is one of two Malaysian restaurants in Chinatown and both establishments are closely related with similar menus.  There is a wide variety of dishes to choose from so everyone should be able to find something they might like.  I have always found the food here to be very decent but not spectacular.  Now saying that, I just had the urge the other night to eat the typical Malaysian dish of Kang Kung Belacan so I stopped in to Banana Leaf.   The sauteed convolus in a shrimp paste sauce were perfectly done.  A side of rice made this into a filling meal.  I wish they had condiments on the table but they don't so you have to ask for a soy sauce or a hot sauce.  Ask!  They really add to the Kang Kung Belacan.  Service is efficient.  Banana Leaf is a popular eatery and I see no reason why it won't continue to be.
Great food at a fair price. Decor isn't dingy either, kinda makes you think of Tarzan ... or Jane ... eating Malaysian food.
Did I mention BYOB?
What else can you say?
Just GO! Need ideas? Here are some sure hits:
-Roti Cani (Indian bread with meat/potato curry dip)
-Beef (or any meat) Satay comes with some cucumber and onion pieces and a sweet dip.
-Haianese Chicken w/ chicken rice. The flavor is subtle so don't get it if you enjoy bold flavors.
-Water spinach with garlic. Ok this is standard anywhere but momma said I need my greens!
This was my second visit to this restaurant in one week, so I had to write a review. Banana Leaf is the 1st Malaysian restaurant which I have dined and it was well worth it. Today, I selected the Salted Cabbage fish head soup which I had as an appetizer on my first visit. Can I say I really enjoyed this tasty soup. Clear broth soup with shredded cabbage, scallions, tomatoes, ginger and fish. BOY, this is tasty and filling especially on a cold day outside. The only negatives are that the soup is a little greasy/oily & the fish has bones in it. Hence, a 4 out of 5 stars.

The soup packs a mild salt flavor with a hint of spice and although "brothy" (my made up word) it is filling with the cabbage and fish.

I would recommend this soup as an appetizer to complement an entree. I have to return to try other dishes for another review.
I stumbled into this place one night with one of my best friends, looking for a cozy place to chat and catch up. While a little loud for my liking, the food was so exqusite, I have been back since, and can't WAIT to go back again. My friend had the Thai Basil Noodles, and they were QUITE spicy, and flavorful. I highly recommend them if you want something with some heat!  While I can't remember the name of what I had off the top of my head, I was quite happy with the incredible portion they served, as well as the very reasonable price! 

While not the place to go if you want to be able to have an intimate conversation, this place is great for groups. And as an added bonus, ITS A BYOB!
So the weather got really warm this past week and whats better than hot curry dishes and cold beer.  We brought a sixpack and it was a perfect evening.  The menu is so expansive and has so many choices.  I went with a friend, sharing a plate of pad thai.  It was great!  The tofu was crispy and complimented the noodles well.  After much deliberation, we both got the chicken curry. Mine was spicy, and my friends was super hot.  We were both so happy!  I have been in the mood for some good curry and I got what I was looking for!  

For dessert to cool things down, we shared a dish that I have no idea what it is called bc my friend asked for it having had it before.  It was a coconut filled with a coconut pudding and it was amazing.
The staff was great and quick with a bottle opener for our beer.  Everything was so cheap!  I can't wait to go back!
On and off, but decent Malaysian food. More consistent though. Very portion-filling. Come hungry! Not a fan of their furniture. Seems cheap if you ask. Hey, at least their decor is a vibe though. 

Skip the sushi! Their Roti Canai is the most popular appetizer. Can't go wrong with an Indian Pancake. I like my curry dipping to be a little thicker consistency though. Non the less it is my go too for starters. My all time favorite is their Mee Siam! Runner up's are the Green Curry with Chicken and Thai Basil Noodles. I didn't care too much for the Beef Rendang and Nasi Lemak. 

Service is average. Depending. They do welcome large groups. Parking lot is right nearby if you're willing to pay a bit more than parallel street. Yes, it's BYOB.
I know that I'm giving this a few less stars than the average review, but I really just find this place average. I love Malaysian food, but was able to find a whole host of delicious dishes, all over Malaysia, that were less meat-focused. I think that Banana Leaf suffers from trying to meet the customer's expectations of what Malaysian food is, rather than trying to expose customers to what Malaysian food actually is. I know it's a fine line when you're trying to run a business, but every time I eat here it's because I've forgotten how few vegetarian  options there are (just one, folks, without asking for special favors) which was not my actual experience with real Malaysian cuisine. 

Please - bring me the delicious noodle dishes that I fell in love with in Malaysia - I miss them!
Banana Leaf is a Malaysian restaurant with Sushi, Thai, Indian and other international dishes. The spot is decorated with a Jungle, Rustic feel and the staff is very friendly. I know the owner, he used to be the manager at Penang, a restaurant around the corner. 
I went there with a friend of mine Lynda who is from Vietnam and she loves this place, especially the Sushi. We both ordered a roll of Sushi and a Sake first, me Tuna, she, eel, both were fresh and Delicious. We both wanted more Sushi, but that would of turned into an all night thing. 
Next we ordered appetizers, me-Roti Canai, her-Chicken Satay. Both were excellent, the Indian Bread was good. 
The prices are so reasonable there, you want to try everything! For our main course Lynda ordered something called Chow Kueh Teow, a noodle dish with Shrimp,Squid, Tofu and Eggs and a Lychee smoothie. 
I ordered the King Bluff Pork Chops(sounds magnificent don't it?) and a Singha Beer from Thailand. My dish was very filling and Delicious with thick Pork Chops with Veggies and a red glaze, mmm good! My friends dish looked a little too busy for me, but she really liked it. 
We topped our dinner with some fried Bananas with a Vanilla Sauce over Ice Cream and some Vietnamese Coffee. 
All in all it was a great meal and the price was very cheap compared to what I've experienced in similar restaurants.
Before Banana Leaf showed up, Penang used to be my favorite malaysian place.  But now, I'm all about Banana Leaf, all the time. I haven't been to Penang in a long time, and I don't feel a need to do so.

They have the same exact menu (I mean same exact, down to the typos) so don't worry about not being able to find everything you want.  It's all good.   All good!  Apps, noodle dishes, noodle soups.  I haven't had anything I didn't like.  The portions large, the prices cheap.  Two people can stuff their gourds for $20. 

The food comes out fast and hot and the service is attentive.  Yes, they serve sushi, but that just does not sound like a good idea here.  Go there and try one of everything from the regular menu.
Glad I listened to Yelp again. I went here for dinner and thought it was pretty good. The restaurant is actually pretty big so would be good for large parties. We ordered the Mango Chicken that everyone seems to be raving about, the Roti Canai, and Thai Basil Noodles.

The Roti Canai tasted thin, fluffy and crispy. The curry sauce served with it was also good. The Mango Chicken was also pretty good but I'm not sure if it's really worth the price. The entree itself is $15, which consists of slices of mango, bell pepper, and chicken served inside a whole mango peel. It doesn't come with rice so you will also have to order that extra ($1/serving). I thought it tasted pretty fresh and tasty but probably would order again when it's closer to mango season because it could've been sweeter. I wasn't the biggest fan of the Thai Basil Noodles (tastes more like Pad Kee Mao) only because it was really really oily and I hate the feeling of oil on my lips. Flavor-wise, pretty good though. At the end of our meal, they also gave us free red bean soup. Yay!

I'll definitely come back, especially since the other plates they served looked pretty good. The staff is nice and they accept all major credit cards. :)
On a scale of one to things I will miss the most when I move out to California, Banana Leaf is right at the top. Especially their won ton soup, which is the best I've ever had. I like to try new dishes, so I have to bring others along because I am compelled to order this addictive soup, and the roti (which is always the perfect mix of crispy and squishy), every time.

Oh, right, the main course. Won ton soup! But also, have been here on  dozens of occasions, and haven't ever found a bad dish or had a bad experience. Banana Leaf is fast, inexpensive, BYO, open late, has a cute interior, and isn't too loud--you can actually have a discussion with your date (when you're not stuffing your face). 

Definitely my favorite spot in Chinatown.
I don't know why people that I know are so hype over this restaurant. It's okay to me. 

My friend and I went there twice and the food was meh. I I couldn't finish eating my food that I ordered because of this weird feeling in my stomach came when I ate the Indian pancake.

I do like their watermelon drink though, it's yummy! Other then that, I won't be going back. Don't get me wrong, the staff is SUPER friendly and perhaps, you might enjoy it.
I went here last weekend with a friend from work. It's a nice spot with an elegant interior. We were seated and given water immediately. 

We ordered different forms of pork rolls. The pork meat was excellent and had a lot of flavor in my pork rolls.  The dipping sauces were also very tasty and added even more flavor without subtracting from the taste of the meat or vegetables.

I got a duck dish with a pineapple chili sauce. The duck meat was very tasty and the skin was pretty crispy. The pineapple chili sauce was rather bland, tasting vaguely of pineapple and without much chili/heat to it. I also was annoyed that they skimped on the rice.

The Zombie mixed drink I had was excellent and nearly knocked me on my ass since I hadn't anything to eat before I started drinking it.

My friend had suggested one of the vermicelli/noodle dishes and next time I'll get one of the pork ones. 

Note:  the other reviewers weren't kidding about it getting loud in there. At one point my friend and I were nearly yelling at each other.
My choice for my pre-race dinner before the Philadelphia Marathon was Banana Leaf.  Sure, an Italian pasta carbo-load may be more traditional, but I wanted Malaysian instead. 

We were seated near the front of the restaurant, near the cash register, so we didn't have the best table, but at least we didn't have to wait.  I was really craving roti, so we got the Roti Canai as a starter.  It didn't disappoint.  

We also got the Poh Piah, which was tasty, but not as good as the roti, in my opinion.  For our main dish we shared the Thai Basil Noodles.  It were spicier than I was expecting, so I couldn't eat too much.

For dessert we got the Banana Pancake.  Delicious!  I could have eaten the whole dish myself.

I enjoyed our meal, and the service was excellent.  Our waters were refilled without asking several times.  I think I liked Penang just a bit better though, especially the atmosphere.  But you really can't go wrong eating at Banana Leaf.
I have to admit I wasn't super excited to try this place. I had heard good things but wasn't sure if it would live up the hype since I am a very picky eater. I am glad to say that I was wrong and pleasantly surprised. My dinner companions and I have a problem when we try new places. We tend to horrifically over order. I think the excitement of trying a new places goes to our heads and we don't plan out well. We ordered 2 apps, 1 soup, and 3 entrees for 3 people. We took most of it home. I regret none of it though. Everything was so good. Their food even got me to go out of my comfort zone and try the crispy spicy squid. I know that doesn't sound very risque but for me it is, since I don't eat anything that lives in the water. That said I didn't like it but it was still a big hit with my dinner companions. The other appetiser was the Banana Leaf Poh Piah. It was the most disappointing of the dishes we ordered. It was bland and the peanut sauce on it was overpowering. The other dishes we ordered were Seafood Tomyam Soup which only one person ate but said it was very good. The star of the night was by far the Green Curry Beef in a Clay Pot. The adventurous eater among us ordered the Chicken Feet with Chinese Mushroom and said it was pretty good. Although he admittedly put a good bit of sriracha sauce in it to spice it up. I tried a little taste and did not like the consistency or flavor but then I dislike mushrooms. We took some of each dish home and it was just as good reheated later. After all that food we were treated to a bowl of their sweet pea soup as a dessert. It was really good, it tasted a lot like a sweet kasha or porridge you would have for breakfast. All in all it was a really nice dining experience. The wait staff were very attentive, friendly, and helpful making sure we knew what chicken feet were before we ordered.
Called to order delivery and was on the phone for over 10 minutes repeating my address over and over again. I practically was screaming so the lady could hear me properly. My address is simple and can easily be found on google maps but this lady had an extremely difficult time hearing or understanding me. Terrible customer service!
I usually start with the roti canai, a pancake with curry sauce.  It is savory, spicy and delicious.  

The hainanese chicken with rice (entree) is something that everyone should try.  Rice cooked in chicken stock, with chicken on top, served with three sauces (soy, ginger, and pepper I think).  It is a simple dish, and one that it's description does not give justice to.  Make sure you use all of the sauces.

At my last visit, I tried that lasi lemak.  This is currently my favorite.  Coconut rice with curried chicken and vegetables.  I like to mix everything on the plate together.  The flavors of everything combine perfectly.

I have tried the mee goreng, a noodle dish with squid ink.  Pretty good here, but not as great as the other place that I've tried it.  Not as spicy as I would have liked, but still something that I would recommend. 

My special lady friend always orders the Thai pineapple fried rice.  I think she gets it mostly because it is served in a pineapple.  It's pretty good, flavorful, chunks of pineapple and cashews on top.

Super quick and efficient service (if not so friendly), food is prepared quickly, and cleared quickly when you are finished.  It can feel rushed, but worth it.

BYOB
Only come here if you're looking for a BYOB that won't card you and all your underage friends. The average age in here on a Friday night is 19. Every table is covered in liquor bottles, jugs of wine, and even mini kegs. It can be fun but not if you're looking to enjoy a dinner. The food was really cheap and tasted okay but it took an hour and a half to be prepared.
The roti canai IS AMAZING (yes, I'm yelling... I would yell it from the rooftops).  We visited this spot for dinner while at a conference and had to come back one more time for lunch before we left.  You guuuuys, the roti canai is legit.  They make it fresh as you order it.  You can even watch them do it behind the glass window area.  Promise me you'll try the roti canai when you go, mm'kay?  You won't regret it.  We got a rice and noodle dish and both were equally tasty. I cannot speak to the sushi portion of the menu, but the malaysian dishes are really good and authentic.  

P.S.  I would make multiple orders of roti canai my main meal... but #adulting.  The struggle is real.
I used to go to Penang a lot until Banana Leaf opened.

And ever since, I come here so often that the waiters recognize me. Friendly bunch of people here!

The food here is all good. Haven't had anything that I didn't like. Its your typical malaysian fare and I've tried soooooo many all over the country. And Banana Leaf is not lacking.

And I love it that they are open late.
If you're looking for a quick, dirt cheap, single person meal, look elsewhere. Banana Leaf is not the place to take a group if everyone is going to only eat their own dish. The individual serving rice platters are passable, but nothing remarkable. But if you go with the "family style" mindset (and preferably bring a token Malaysian), it can be culinary gold. Roti canai (Indian pancake) is a guaranteed crowd-pleasing starter, though in more recent visits I've noticed the bread has been coming out a bit cold and either too soggy or too hard. Some consistent favorites are the Mee Siam, Prawn Mee, and Hainanese chicken - with the chicken rice! - though sometimes you might get more bone than chicken. I once ordered the Thai basil noodle and requested that it be made super extra spicy (and emphasized this a LOT). They delivered and brought me a fantastic, heat-emanating dish that induced just the right amount of perspiration. I ended up craving that dish for two weeks straight, but alas, the next time I went back, no matter how much I asked, they never made it that spicy again. Sad. 

The flavors here are amazing and the menu is extensive and creative. Generally I'd say this is a great place with a lot of potential, IF only they took more care into how they prepared the food and paid more attention to what their customers want. But alas, this is indeed Chinatown, and those things are not always of top priority. But at least it tastes good and comes out fast - the seal of a true Chinatown great.
Five stars for the food, the service, and the price. Having been in Philly a little over two months, this is the place I go to whenever I get a craving for comfort food. Like many other people have noted, the Roti Canai is absolutely fantastic. I'm also a fan of the HK/SE-Asian style curry they serve here, although I could understand why it might not be for everyone -- the dry chicken curry includes bones. 

Note that some of the dishes are priced under $6 and generously portioned. At $5.95, the Nasi Lemak ("Coconut rice flavored with cloved and screw-pine leaves. Served with chilli anchovy curry chicken and hard boiled eggs") is an awesome combination of different flavors and textures and probably the most interesting dish I've had there... yet still oddly comforting for someone who grew up with Cantonese cooking. 

I haven't eaten at a *ton* of places in Chinatown yet, but this place is the best so far.
Eh.  I was not thrilled by Banana Leaf - the service was pretty spotty.  Very little english spoken by our server in particular.  Manager Lady spoke well, but seemed pissed off.

The food?  Aside from the Roti appetizer (which was 5 star, fresh and tasty), it was less than stellar.

Fried shrimp with Yuca were HEAVY as lead, greasy and over-filling.
Green Curry in a Clay pot was fragrant - but just is not my bag, baby.
I tried the Ginger Duck Lo Mee - too much greasy sauce and I asked for it "dry".

Oh well.  Live and experiment.

Not horrible but not orgasmic.  I won't be coming back soon.  I think I like Thai and Viet Namese food better.
So many reasons to like Banana Leaf:
 
-Huge inside, and easy to seat a party of almost any size, from 2 to 20 people.
- Convenient hours - they always seem to be open when I want to go.
-Quick delivery for when I don't want to go.
-HUGE menu - everything from crispy pork intestines (ask your server for advice before ordering!), duck feet, or fried rice, there is something for everyone.
-They even have a Japanese menu
-Can accommodate a wide variety of food restrictions. Gluten free? Vegan? Unadventurous eaters?  There's something for all of them.
-FAST service, but if you're not ready to order or pay, they won't pressure you.  Think of it as the opposite of eating in France.
-Reasonable prices
-They take cards, so you won't need to bother with remembering to bring cash.
-Bright and spacious interior.
-It's BYOB!  Need I say more?

Totally go and check it out.
Great food that is fast and affordable. Also it's BYOB and you can make reservation for large parties (can get ROWDY) which is great for big gatherings and birthdays and whatnot. I've gotten wasted here before.... 

I love Chow Keuh Teow and order it every time I go here- it's a Malaysin stir-fried flat noodle dish which goes well with a bottle of Sriracha. It's my secret addiction TRY IT!! 

I've also tried other fried noodles (Basile fried noodle and others..), Curried chicken potatoes with rice and Pad Thai. Fried noodle were all spot-on. Curried chicken was also great but a little bland for my taste after several bites. Pad Thai was disappointing- I didn't know Pad Thai could be bad until I tried it here since it was way too sweet and the sauce wasn't very good. Sometimes they give this free red bean soup dessert that was way too sweet for my taste buds. 

Despite my love for the awesome Chow Keuh Teow, this place gets 3 stars because of the overwhelming waitresses. I always feel rushed to order fast, eat and pay the check/leave whenever I go here, even when it is not busy at all!! They came by several times in a span of the short time my friend left to use the restroom to see if we were ready to order, which was pretty annoying. I would give more stars if it wasn't for their overwhelming service. But still recommend it for their great food!
Terrible service, I was here for lunch. They put me in a corner seat next to the door with no other customer around me, and of course the waiter didn't bother to take my order because they are busy serving customers on the other side of the room. I waited forever for the waiter to come take my order, and no surprise it takes them forever to bring the two dishes I ordered, the waiter came to me 3 time total, take my order, bring me food, and bring my check. I feel I was neglected the entire time.
This place is my new favorite place in Philly. It's so wonderful to me because it sort of combines food from my own personal ethnic backgrounds: Indian food and Thai food to make the amazing Malaysian food. Just thinking about this place again is making my stomach growl and mouth water! 

I went with a huge group so it was awesome to get a variety of menu items and share family style. The proportions were great, the prices were amazing, and the FOOD WAS DELICIOUS!!! 

Here are some of the items we got that were just freaking unforgettable: 
-Homemade Roti Canai (Indian Pancake) (This is was freaking delicious, we had to order it multiple times again and again).
-Mee Siam
-Thai Pineapple Fried Rice 
-Banana Leaf Kari Ayam (Boneless) ----- This was my FAVORITE dish there. Could eat this with rice every single day. Naturally, we ordered this multiple times as well.
-Beef Rendang
-Chinese Watercress w/ Bean Curd Sauce 
-Golden Fried Eggplant 
- Shrimp w/ String Beans (Malaysian Style)
I really think the workers here are magicians because they are so incredibly fast.  We ordered 2 roti canai for apps & immediately the waitress turned around & it appeared.  Then we ordered our entrees - Mee Siam & Captain's Noodles - & before I even had a moment's rest, they came running out with our entrees.  So quick!  Some reviews talked about their terse service but I did not find it overbearing.  If anything I really liked that my water was kept constantly full.

1. Roti Canai = super yummy
2. Noodle dishes = cheap & huge (yay for leftovers that will be my dins tmr!!)
3. complimentary red bean soup dessert = yay!  a bit watered down but I still gulped it down

Come here hungry & ready for tons of malay food.  There's sushi but with so many choices -- I dont see why you would order off that menu.
This is my SE Asian/Malaysian go-to and it is still as good as it was over a decade ago!  It's still managed by the same owners and the food is still the best in the city.

We came on Christmas Day for lunch and got an amazing roti teleur with that iconic curry dip, beef rendang, oktra with Malaysian shrimp paste, and chicken curry.  
1. The oktra was fantastic - perfectly cooked and the seasoing was bursting with flavor.  
2. The chicken curry was so good (creamy, spicy, and savory) that I ate every grain of rice just so I would not waste a single drop.  
3. The roti telur was the perfect crispiness and fluffliness (it has egg and onion).  Try it crepe style by stuffing it was a spoonful of rice and beef rendang!  We saw them making it in the front and it's definitely amazing to watch.
4. Beef rendang: Bursting with flavor and made with juicy, tender beef (not dry like most places).  It's not a light dish but it's so good that you cannot put it down!

Will be back to get more of the roti and curries!
Yelp calls this "Malaysian", but I would say there are many different cuisines on this menu.  Most notably, I was SUPER excited to see some Indonesian dishes on the menu (Mei Goreng and Beef Rendeng (randang?  whatever)).  I've been craving it since I got back from Bali, and it was authentic tasting.  

After two visits to this place, I can say with confidence this is a great place.  The food is served quickly and is delicious.  All of us amended our order in some way - and the waitress teased us in a good humored way... nice ambiance and of course - BYO!  

Final note-  this is a pretty large space and would be a great place for a group.
Another place in Chinatown with a cult following...with good reason.

They're open til 1am!!! Great take-out after a bar shift or on your way home from the bar (or too the bar, for you party animals). 

I've had quite a few things here. But my go-to is the roti canai to start (cheap and soooo good I could bathe in it), and their pad thai. The curry is also very good, and so are most of the other noodle dishes. Great portions and very authentic Malaysian food! Every so often they have sushi too, which is decent but not my first thought when I think of this place. Banana Leaf is fairly cheap and offers great, consistent food, and a (almost overly) attentive staff. 

You usually get an orange or a sweet lentil soup after dinner, which is nice. 

What sets this place apart for me is their decor. I feel like I'm eating in a jungle, which is always fun. 

Love this place, have been coming for years and will probably keep going til the day I die.
My husband and I literally go to Banana Leaf on a weekly basis. We're always greeted by a friendly staff and wonderful dishes. If we ever order something that we are not satisfied with, the staff makes no fuss and replaces our dish. It's a must visit for all venturing to Chinatown. I wanted to make sure and write a plug for them because even though we're moving away, we hope they'll be around on our visits!
dear banana leaf,

why did it take me so long to eat you?
you are rather tasty malaysian food with service at the speed of lightning.
better yet, you let me bring my own beer and chug it down with my food.

nom nom nom.

love, me
Had the Banana Leaf Chicken Satay and the Thai Basil Noodles.  Both were fantastic! 
Our waitress was super-helpful in making suggestions (when my roommate wanted to order something because it was "spicy", she said, "No, no - that's not spicy." and then suggested the #3 Chicken Curry, which he loved.  When I ordered the Thai Basil Noodle, she cautioned that it was pretty spicy and I said "Bring it on!"
The only minor issue was that service was a touch odd - our dishes were never brought out all at the same time (there were four of us).  That said, I'll take the helpful waitress over simultaneous delivery any day.
And it's super-reasonable.  $80 for dinner for four (including appetizers!).
Will definitely go again!
Came here with two friends around 8:30pm on a Saturday. Most of the tables were filled, but we got lucky and were seated immediately.

We brought two bottles of wine and were pleasantly surprised there was no corkage fee.

Our table shared beef satay and shrimp puffs to start. Both were delicious. For entrees, I ordered the mango chicken. The presentation was appealing, and the taste was on point. My friends ordered the chicken masak and chow kueh teow, which they both enjoyed.

The one downside is that it was pretty noisy. There were three huge, 10/15+ tables of college aged kids who brought a decent amount of alcohol. It was entertaining, though, but probably not the best place to bring your family if this is what it's like every Saturday night.

I'd also like to note, service was absolutely impeccable and the food came out really fast. Prices are affordable (bill came to about $65 for three of us), especially for the portions. Overall, Banana Leaf seems like a popular byo spot with kind staff and yummy food.
BYOB, fast service, credit cards accepted and delicious food served in decently large portions. Highly recommend for a large group who doesn't mind a loud and lively atmosphere. The Thai basil noodles were delightful!
I would suggest forgoing an appetizer, even if you're very hungry. The chicken satay was a letdown: although the flavor was good, the chicken was fatty and a little rubbery.  

For curry dishes, you choose your protein, and then you have two options: 1) large curry,  pay extra for a side of plain or coconut rice, or 2) a smaller portion with rice included in the price. Both of our mains: Rendang curry and the house curry, were just piles of meat, with no veg to speak of. The rendang curry  ($8 for large curry+ $1.25 for coconut rice) with beef was my favorite, but my S.O. enjoyed the strongly onion-y house curry with chicken ($8 for curry including rice). Coconut rice was just faintly flavored without the creaminess I had expected, but then again, its only 25 cents more than white rice, so you get what you pay for.
Roti canai was good, but seemed overcooked.  I wish it'd been softer and chewier -- instead it was a bit over-crisp, but I still enjoyed it. Served with chicken curry sauce, which was very flavourful

Thai Basil Noodles - really liked the flavour of this one, texture of noodles was great, very comforting dish to eat.  Not enough veggies in it though.  Menu said it would have Chinese broccoli, but there was none to be found.  I'd get this dish again.

Beef Rendang's flavour was all right, but the beef was all wrong.  Beef was tough in texture.  The cut of beef should be cooked such that it's tender and soft.  Not sure if they used the wrong kind of beef or just didn't cook it the right way. 

All in all, an enjoyable meal.  Good service.  Looking forward to returning.

3.5+ stars
My favorite restaurant in Philly.  My first time here was in 2005.  In the dozens of times I've been here, I've never had a bad experience.

Everything I've tried is good, but here are my favorite dishes:
Roti canai!  (Never a meal without it.)
Satay Chicken/Beef (love the peanut sauce!)
Mee Siam
Fried Rice Noodle w. Salted Fish
Singpore Rice Noodles
Mango Chicken - it's on the sweet side.  Chicken served in mango 'shell'.
Prawn Mee

Don't leave without having their fried ice cream!

Oh!  And it's BYO.
Friendly service and staff that remembers the regulars, and we've quickly become regulars!

This Malaysian restaurant is fantastic.  Sitting here writing a review I find myself wanting the Kang Kung Belacan (a delicious veggie with shrimp sauce), the Nasi Lemak, some Beef Rendang and a teh tarik (malaysian iced tea.).

Every time I eat here I find myself wondering why it is that America hasn't fallen in love with Malaysian food.  It's just so superior.
We stopped here last night for a late night dinner.  The room was attractive, not fancy but cute (and reasonably clean and fresh feeling for Chinatown).   We had the Roti Canti, Mee Siam Noodles and the Green Curry Seafood Bowl and while I enjoyed all of them I have to say I have had better examples of all these types of dishes at other places.   

The roti canti was good - the pancake was delicious and the sauce was good too though a bit greasy and really unappetizing looking.   The Mee Siam was very good with a slighty spicy yet complex flavor and had chewy yet tender tofu that I loved.

The "Seafood" dish was made up mostly of vegetables with the actual seafood being hard to find.  The scallops consisted of two paper thin horizontal slices of a sea scallop, so literally there was less then  1/2 of a full scallop in the entire bowl.    There were about 6-7 tiny shrimp, none had the thick black vein cleaned out from them which always grosses me out and I guess the chopped chunks were squid.  Even though the ingredients were sparse they all tasted good and were perfectly cooked (it's so easy to overcook that kind of dish).  The curry sauce was on the thin side but very tasty.

I like that they brought the dishes out one by one so each could be enjoyed on it's own.  The wait staff was very attentive and all in all in was a good experience.  I would go back and probably stick with dishes other then seafood; I'd really like to try some more of that nicely textured tofu!
In Philly for a convention and mega excited to see a Malaysian restaurant in China Town district.  We figured this must be authentic... unfortunately, we could not be more wrong.  Given that my wife is Malaysian and we spent 5 weeks in Kuala Lumpur this summer, we were ready for a little taste of "home" again.  I ordered the Hainanese chicken which tasted like plain boiled chicken with no flavor and barely any sauce.  My wife ordered the Nasi Lemak.  Instead of dry salted anchovies, they came mixed in a soggy grilled onion mixture that was less than appetizing.  And the dish came with no peanuts... to add injury to insult, when I asked for roasted peanuts, the cashier woman with glasses said "no, this is Malaysian style - no peanuts in Lasi Nemak" ... really? Apparently, she thinks all customers have no idea what Nasi Lemak is suppose to look and taste like!!!  Terrible response.  Two benchmark Malaysian dishes that should have been slam dunks, but were huge let downs.  Totally disappointed.
It was super crowded so I expected poor service, but geez they are pretty efficient here. Professional water-fillers. Quick, quick service. 

Entrees are super pricy, but noodle/rice dishes are yummy and very filling so no need for entrees. 

I laugh a bit at the menu as some of the more "ethnic" dishes give a warning that one should ask for advice before eating and then if you ask about it, they recommend you don't order it. Makes it more intriguing. Perhaps a ploy to get you to want it more? O:)

I just got chicken roti as an appetizer which is pretty reliable at the many different places in Chinatown at which I've tried it and just as reliable here too. 

Tofu in Curry w/ Rice was fantastic. The tofu was perfectly textured and the curry broth was irresistibly good. 

Oh, and it is open very late.

Definitely coming back here!
i luv banana leafs...the only thing that i would want to say is toooooo noisyyyyy..specially in the weekend night..because they are freakin' busy...you have to scream to talk to your friend or your spouse who sit next or infront of you
I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here.  In regard to price, service and quality of the prepared food, I left Banana Leaf feeling happy and wanting to return.

As this was my first visit to banana leaf, I was a bit overwhelmed by the number of entrees on the menu.  As someone who cooks at home and admittedly struggles with putting together even 3 dishes in one evening, it boggles my mind how they (restaurants) are able to turn out so many different types of food so quickly.  I guess there is a bunch I don't know about the restaurant industry.

We began with the Poh Piah which was exactly what I wanted to have to start my meal.  The spring rolls were light, flavorful, crunch and fresh.  The peanut sauce on top was a nice addition.

Our entrees were the Indian Mee Goreng and the Chicken Rending.  The Chicken Rending had curry, cumin and a couple of other unidentifiable flavors that made it delicious to eat and fun to think about.  The Mee Goreng had a healthy helping of peanuts (which I love btw) and from what the menu describes, a "mild dried squid sauce"  I loved it and could eat it many times over.

The restaurant is kind of loud and they aren't winning any awards for stellar design or decor.  That doesn't matter to me.  The food here is on point and I'm going to be a return customer.
BEWARE!!!  Don't be fooled by their claim to be Malaysian cuisine. Not even close. Disappointed with all our food ordered.  A bad example of Malaysian cuisine. 

Two other customers in the restaurant-entrance to the restaurant and the stench should have been a telltale sign of a bad restaurant.
Sorry to say..I used to like this place, but today I'm really disappointed! The noodle tasteless!! 
Oh and by the way the waitress need more training to serve and communicate with customer.

I don't think I will go back here again..
Banana Leaf is just like Penang except the portion sizes are slightly larger for the same price. I love Penang but I think I found a substitute.
Penang kicks Banana Leaf's ass.

Penang has..

Better Service. 

Better Food. 

Better Space.

AIR CONDITIONING!
We came on sat afternoon and there was no wait.  Got seated right away.   Unlike other posters we had excellent service.

Food
#Roti canai- yummy savory portion slightly small
#Hainan chicken- get boneless.   It's good but not as great as what we've had in LA before
#curry chicken- good but standard
#chow kueh teow- its like chow fun but with smaller thinner noodles, need some extra hot sauce
#seafood egg chow fun- looks great, can't speak to taste bc didn't get a chance to try it

The fried ice cream and banana was a nice touch at the end.

Overall we had a good meal but nothing outstanding.  For value would come back again and maybe try a soup dish next time.
The servers and the food are good but the cashier auntie with glasses who doesn't wear uniform is so rude asking for tips!! I missed calculating the tips and she was so mean to say that you don't even know maths. I was like I will never go back to this restaurant if the attitudes are like that. Not sure she is the manager or not but her attitude should not work in any restaurants anymore. I would put negative points if this apps allows to.
A great little joint with delicious food and amazing prizes. My lunch for two including an appetizer was less than $20, and the portions were great. 

Many people have recommended the thai basil noodles. They are right. The thai basil noodles are amazing. Tangy, somewhat sweet, savory, and delicious. Plus a huge portion. Great stuff. 

And, the staple roti canai was also pretty good. 

Definitely enjoyed this place and will be looking for similar spots to try!
Either a hit or a miss at this spot. 

2/3 of the foods we ordered was decent. 

We have the roti and it was pretty good the chicken curry was our favorite. We also got the seafood chowfun which is always a good dish to order. Nice and thick gravy. 

The one thing I'd tell you to avoid is the special squid thing. It just tasted like frozen squid thrown together with a random sauce they found. Disgusting. 

The atmosphere was meh. Dark and barely anyone was there and honestly wouldn't come back.
If you and your friends were going to go to Penang for dinner tonight,  do yourself a favor and go to banana leaf instead.  Your friends will be impressed by the food and by the bill.
I am a regular at this place and i like it a lot. This is my first comfort food choice of all time ! 

I think they have the nicest servers out of all the restaurants in Chinatown. 

Make sure you get the Roti canai for appetizer, it is an Indian influenced flat bread  and it's eaten with a side of curry chicken. The flat bread is crispy on the outside but chewy on the inside, I've had really good ones from here . The curry chicken is actually really creamy, with creamy potato and small chicken bites. 

hainanese chicken comes in 1/4 1/2 and a whole. If it were just two people, 1/4 is plenty ! 1/2 could be shared between 4~5 people. A whole chicken, well I don't know what you are going to do with all that chicken. 

Pad thai - I get it all the time, it's a bit sweeter than I like. 

curry with fish head - it doesn't sound so appetizing , trust me it's really good. At first, I thought it was gonna be a stew filled with fish heads and the fish's eyes are staring at me. Silly me, it's actually fried up , you can't tell it's fish head if I never told you about it. 

The pineapple fried rice is actually so so , I don't recommend getting it. But here's the thing, it tastes amazing if you put the curry with fish head stew over the fried rice.
Just a regular lunch here. We came here since we've heard about other friends talking about this place. And also since we've been to Penang so many times, we wanna try a new place. 

The owner welcomed us and introduced the menu to us very friendly. She also checked on us several times to make sure our food was okay. Very nice lady!

We ordered two fried noodle. I'm a big fan of Pad Thai, so I ordered that. It was just okay... we didn't even taste the flavor of the pad Thai sauce... just tasted like a regular noodle... didn't like it at all...

My husband ordered the Chow Kueh Teow Noodle. It was the first time that he ordered it, and it turned out to be amazing! The noon for was so well cooked and it's very flavorful.

The lunch portion was a bit small. For two people, I would recommend adding an appetizer or soup.

There was not a lot of people and they closed every other table due to COVID.
Super average.  Period.

In fact, most of the dishes were in the 2-2.5 star range.  Some of our dinner guests ordered sushi (I was afraid) and most said it was either "good" or "average."  The wasabi was hard and clearly not fresh.  The fish was fishy.  I am a bit of a sushi snob and I wanted no part.  Prices on the sushi were very good.

The beef satay was good.  Tender and priced at under $6.  

The entrees ranged from average to totally bland.  The $15 sweet and sour chicken was fried chunks of tough chicken in a "store front Chinese" sauce.  The Captain's Noodles were literally overcooked noodles in soy sauce.  Three pieces of small shrimp with the tails still on, a few pieces of tough chicken, and no pork (even though the menu said there should be some).  Even though the portion was huge, the flavors were nonexistant (outside of soy sauce).  $7.50 not well spent.

The pineapple rice was presented in an empty pineapple shell, but it, as with most of the dishes, was bland.

The ginger duck Lo Mee was probably the worst dish.  The hunks of duck bone with tiny bits of meat were so overseasoned with ginger it was inedible (at least my gf felt so...I agreed).  

We did not stay for dessert.  

There were a few positives: the meals came out fast, the water was replenished quickly, we were seated immediately, and the ambiance was nice.  

There are loads of better places: try Lee How Fook.
Usually I go to Penang which I think are the same owners of this place but several years ago when a friend of mine told me about this place from me telling him about Penang, I started coming here and have even brought along and told friends about the place. Prior to the creation of Yelp (that's how long I've been coming here) he and I double dated here. 

That was a good night because the variety of food was great and something about eating with more people that makes it seems like you could eat forever.

 My visit the other day was to have Sushi but it wasn't being served at the hour I went so being hungry and settled in, I ordered the Banana Leaf Fried Rice dish and some Roti.
Now usually I sit by the window and watch the people go by and those coming entering but this day I sat closer to the wall where an outlet was because I needed a charge. 

When my server came over, a pleasant, thin Asian women that has been there for several years of my recollection I ordered the  Roti which I first had at Penang in 95 or 96 and have made it an appetizing must when the craving hits me at either location.

 The seafood rice dish I ordered, I also had at Penang's for the first time but I recall always taking the leftovers with me but this day, I ate everything and it was the same quantity as in the past. Hmmmm, have I become greedier or the dish more delicious for the sitting? 

Hahahhaha, I'd say the latter because my appetite is really quite the same. The service here is always prompt and efficient. I always like to sit at tables with outlets so that I can keep in touch mobile-ly and there is one off to the side when you come in.

 No sushi this time but my next visit in a week or so, I'll shoot for some. 

Always a great dining experience here in the heart of Chinatown.
First of all the waitress I had was a nightmare, she was pushy and talked too fast.  I ordered boneless chicken in curry potato sauce. The chicken tasted like old stewed thighs and had bone in it. The way the bones looked..you'd think it was Rat Torso. I complained and expressed that I didn't want bone in chicken at all. The waitress argued with me, but finally gave me what my friend ordered. It was the pineapple shrimp with chicken added. I loved the dish except the small shrimps they used that didn't taste fresh. Some were mushy and the sliced chicken had no flavor. 

When I got home the worse of the worse happened.  I ate a piece of chicken that was rotten. The mushy rotten dairy smell punctured my nose as I chewed!! I spit it out in shock. The dish is served in a pineapple. The freshest thing WAS the sliced pineapple. Everything else was sub par. I walked pass the bathroom and noticed a container with dirty dishes just sitting on the floor. It was empty in there for a reason. It's poor management and reminded me of a bathroom after a hour being in there. Never again will I go to this place. I regret tipping the smart ass waitress anything. I only did it so that she'd give me my take out container without spitting in it .
The Pad Thai was quite good. It was small noodles that were tender and ultra savory. There was a generous portion size. The meat was well executed and so were the veggies.

The Masai was soft and tasty.

While we were there, 60 Penn frat dudes rolled in with a plethora of beverages that you'd expect: Wine bags, jugs of vodka, and an array of cheap wine bottles. 

They were screaming at the top of their lungs while standing on tables and chugging. This is apparently common behavior at this spot. The staff took no issue with it. Just know that this could happen before you go.
Our favorite thai place in the city! The service is the fastest ever when you sit down they already run over with the water and are ready to take your order. It is also nice and big inside so you don't feel squished. We always get the fried tofu app, it is honestly one of the best appz i've ever had. The peanut sauce on top of the fried tofu is unbelievable (although it does look quite gross). The pad thai is absolutely perfect and sweet and delicious. I also liked my chicken curry and mango chicken. This place always is a safe bet when we are looking for quick and delicious food. Also, this place is perfect for large groups and parties. I even had my college frat 'cultural dinner' here and the owners helped design a great tasting menu and charged a great per person fee. Plus it's BYOB!

PS. Portions are huge and so affordable!
I love Banana Leaf!  My whole family is vegetarian and we went there for lunch yesterday. We got roti canai and the mango Thai salad for appetizer.
Both were delicious, the mango was really fresh and the malaysian roti was unreal! For the main course, we had Thai basil noodles which Is prolly the best I have ever had and also Thai pineapple fried rice which was served in a pineapple!  My family loved it.

I frequent banana leaf quite a bit and am never disappointed. The quality of food is consistent ad the best part is that it's also a BYOB!
The best Malaysian restaurant in the city. The best dish is Thai Basil Noodles. Try it and you will get addicted!
So so so delicious. 

I came here with my mom during a visit to Philly in February. The place was busy and there was a bit of a wait, but the food was soooo worth it. We got the chow kueh teow, a roti canai, and a chendol, all to share. YUM.

Came back about two weeks ago with my parents and sister and it was still just as delicious as ever. This time we ordered the chow kueh teow, roti canai, ABC (no chendol unfortunately), fish head curry, prawn mee, and kang kung belacan. Everything was good, with the exception of the fish head curry which was only so-so. There wasn't as much fish head meat as there was fish head bones, and the curry wasn't spicy at all. The prawn mee had a really good shrimpy broth that I couldn't get enough of.

My parents were born and raised in Singapore and lived there into their thirties. They love food and are my Malaysian food authorities. Every dish at Banana Leaf got their seal of approval (my mom couldn't stop talking about it for months after our first visit) and this time we made it our first stop after arriving in Philly.

The service is quick and friendly, and I'll definitely be here.. all the time.

Mmmm.. it sounds good for lunch tomorrow.
My boyfriend & I ordered delivery from here last night, so unfortunately I can't review the ambiance/style/cleanliness of the restaurant, only the food (& the delivery, which was fast, the food hadn't seemed to be effected negatively by it).  But don't fret, we will make sure to sit down & eat there in the near future because we felt our food was absolutely delicious!
A Malaysian treat for the taste buds, the food was well prepared, fresh & full of flavor.  The simple fried rice was some of the best I think I've ever had & my dish of mango chicken was completely scrumptious.  There was TONS of juicy yummy mango slivers in it, no scrimping at all.
Their menu of dishes was quite large as well as broad.  I would be surprised if someone couldn't find anything that they wanted to eat there.

If you have taste buds, I highly recommend Banana Leaf!
The food is mediocre. I got curry fishball noodle soup and my friend got Nasi Lamek. I was expecting homemade fishball and they used cheap readymade ones. The service was nice though
It's cheap, it's fast and they have some tasty dishes. But for the love of food, they need to reduce the menu by more than half. And cut all the Japanese items, focusing on what they do well. As a vegetarian, I also have to work really hard to eat (4 items in a menu of what seems like hundreds?). While they are lovely about substitutions, it's a lot of work, and many dishes lack flavor and pizzaz.
This place was started by cooks from Penang.  

I got sushi because I was in a sushi mood (read: Drunk), but I don't I'll get sushi from a Malaysian place anymore.  It tasted off.

Also, I ordered this drink..which I thought was a drink and it was served frozen, in a bowl, with a spoon.  When you're a bit drunk the last thing you want is to discover that your drink needs to be drank with a spoon from a bowl.  Seriously.
This place used to be Serendipity, and since I've haven't been to Banana Leaf yet, I'll make this review for Serendipity instead.

Serendipity is a restaurant that tried to serve a little bit of everything.  I'm not sure if the owners were Korean or Chinese, because Korean food and Chinese food made up the bulk of the menu.   The sushi was good for the price you paid, and the Bibimbap was adequate.  The thing that made this place great was that it was open late so that you could eat after a Troc show, and domestic bottles were 2 bucks a pop.

It also had a really creepy big screen projector that always had weird Taiwanese or Korean karaoke videos on.  ALL THE TIME.
For anyone who remembers, Banana Leaf sits where Serendipity* was. My friend's dad co-owns it (unsure if this is still true) but regardless, I get hospitable service every time I walk in. Servers come by, fill our waters (and teas!), and ask how things are going. It's spacious, with 30-40 tables, and open kitchens in the front and rear so you can watch the staff hard at work.

Dishes I've tried include the:
- Mango fish, with a fried red snapper - tasted a little fishy, like frog! Mango was good. Pleasing overall.
- Taiwanese chicken - tasty and had the right amount of soy sauce.
- Mee siam, or thin noodles, were delish.
- Yellow chicken rice, gooooood.
- Pineapple fried rice (had cashews, which I don't like bleh) but otherwise was an aromatic, enjoyable treat.
- Thai basil noodles are AWESOME
- Chow kueh teow ($7.50), aren't very spicy (Malaysian stir-fried rice noodles with shrimp, squid, bean sprouts, eggs, soy sauce, and chili paste)

Not the cheapest prices around, but not outrageous - last I checked, they do not take credit cards (there may be a minimum now, or I'm just dated). Philadelphia's lucky to have such tasty restaurants in their Chinatown! Recommended!

* no relation to the NYC restaurant bearing the same name
When it comes to Malay food, I am a HUGE fan and have lots of expectations going into any restaurant that attempts to capture the magic of that region. So I was stoked to learn that my latest conference took us here for lunch.

Banana Leaf is a Chinese-owned Malaysian restaurant near the edge of Philly's Chinatown. They are a large restaurant with ample seating and an equally large menu to select from. With our large group of API professionals, we opted in for their Malaysian Group Adventure (A) ($18 per head) which contained the following options:

- Roti Canai
- Indian Mee Goreng
- Pad Thai
- Pineapple Fried Rice
- Beef Rendang
- Mama Chicken
- Curry Tofu
- Orange Slices

The set was huge to say the least! Every few minutes, they would bring out plates for our 30-person party to share family style. My favorite dish that we had served was probably the Curry Tofu which was vegetarian friendly. Sadly I wasn't too crazy about their homemade roti- it was a bit hard to pull apart and the curry was lukewarm which wasn't my favorite. 

Every dish I tried was fairly decent since they also cooked everything in large portions. A lot of the options I'd say are more Thai influenced than Malaysian, but is still a good sampler for those that have never had this type of cuisine before.However, service was right up there and they made sure to take care of our large group. I certainly appreciate Banana Leaf for hosting us and for cooking up a storm.

Hopefully I will get an opportunity to come back one day to try some of my favorite Malaysian dishes that weren't included in the set menus.
I'm totally ordering from Banana Leaf again--it's super decently priced, delivers in Center City, and reasonably consistent in food quality. 

I ordered the Thai Basil noodle, which I'm not sure was a good idea. I actually came to Yelp to see what to avoid, and what was the most popular dish. It wasn't as spicy as it was hyped up to be (but I have really high tolerance for spicy foods), but this might be one of those dishes that doesn't travel well. My boyfriend got some sort of chicken curry, which was pretty tasty. This was paired with a coconut rice--highly recommend that if you're carb-hungry. As an appetizer, we split the buffalo wings, which were unremarkable, but not a total fail. 

Again, cheap, easy, and they deliver! New go-to for asian delivery, woohoo!
Virtually no vegetarian options - even the "sizzling tofu" comes with pork and shrimp (?!?!). The sushi is not fresh, either. Bummer :(
Second time at this restaurant. We ordered their rendition of calamari. My friend noticed something moving in the plate shortly after it arrived. He flicked the lettuce leaf on the plate and a large cockroach came running out looking to hide. We called the waiter over and he killed it like it was part of his job description. The manager came over and offered to change the food on the table. We refused then the manager offered boxes for the food on the table. We walked out without paying. Who offers a box for tainted food?
I was a little disappointed with this place.  I took my family here for my parents anniversary .  The appetizers were good, but the curry was horrible.  Since my parents love curry I ordered EVERYTHING curry off this menu, and i have never been more disappointed.  And I couldn't believe the prices they charged !!  But I must say, the dessert menu was yummy, and the wait staff was great.  Very attentive.  My suggestion.  Go to penang for dinner, and come here for dessert.
Place is good, owner was originally from Penang, broke off to open up his own, been couple years, been there couple times.Pretty good, though they have sushi up front, not sure if still there now. Dishes were good, Love my Malaysian cuisine, which is what I'm used to. High tolerance very very spicy dishes, some needed to be spicier. 
Would definitely go back!!
Chosen by a local for dinner for 80 people, we came here; with BYOB. Malaysian food in Chinatown neighborhood, it was easy to find. The staff was very accommodating which allow us all to be at ease to order and enjoy each other company. It was a loud house, maybe it was just us making all the noise.

I say the food was ok. We had some shrimp noodle soup and that was bland and didn't come together very well. It was bit pricey. The pineapple fried rice was presented very well, in pineapple shell. Many enjoy it, and I think it was ok. Their spicy noodles look really good when I saw someone eating it, and wiping away his sweat. With a good group and conversation, everyone was too hungry and joyful to make much comment to their plate.  As for me, I was happy drinking the wines given by one of the table. I am not crazy for this food here, and will not be coming back anytime soon when in town.

FYI, if you plan to eat here, be sure to buy alcohol ahead of time and not around the corner as another restaurant. It's expensive there, and no liquor store nearby here.
Meet Banana Leaf, the happy Penang clone.  

I guess "happy" is what sets it apart from Penang.  The staff are welcoming and attentive.  You can show up with a big group and it's usually not too hard to get a table.  No one rushes you to clear out while you're still chewing your last bite.  The prices are affordable.  No long wait.  Basically, there's no reason for Penang to exist anymore, except maybe to siphon off those chain-restaurant-lovin' tourists. 

Because many or all of the chefs defected from Penang, the dishes equally rich and delicious.  The vege options are a little limited, but the curry hot pot is like a fragrant, spicy bowl of heaven.  I've never tried the sushi, but based on the other reviews here I will stick with that policy.
I've come to this Malaysian restaurant several times over the years, and I've only have good experiences! The service is quick and the food has not disappointed! Two staples that I always get when I'm here is the roti canai which is an appetizer but it comes with a crispy yet flaky chewy crepe with a side of dipping curry. So delicious- do yourself a favor and get it!!! The other is the coconut rice. I've never had this anywhere else, and I usually accompany my main entree with a side of the rice. It's doesn't have a strong coconut flavor but more of a coconut fragrance with the rice being lightly salted. 

We recently ordered the Kang kung belacan, Thai basil noodle, Malaysian style shirt ribs,hainanese chicken, and the sizzling Japanese bean curd. Mind you, we were a party of 5! I enjoyed all dishes except the hainanese chicken- my other friends really enjoyed it but I didn't care for it. It looked like the chicken was boiled and there was a spicy sauce served on the side. 

Overall, if your in the area and want to try Malaysian, give this place a try. Their menu is extensive and has a good variety of food.
If you love quick, attentive servers flocking to your side, then this is the place for you. We had at least three people ask us if we were ready to order. We finally ordered the Roti Canai to split between the two of us. Our server looked worried and kept asking "Two? Two?" so we obliged and ordered two. So worth it. I would hate to imagine sharing it with anyone, no matter how much I love them.

I got the Pad Thai as my main dish. Without shrimp -- I've yet to develop a taste for most seafood, sorry Yelp. Anyway, it was amazingly spicy (this coming from a complete wimp, though). Luckily it was arranged on the plate so that all of the spicy noodles and meat were on one side, and the life saving bean sprouts on the other side.

Leaving was a hilarious event. Before myself and my boyfriend could stand up, three servers were clearing our table and telling us goodbye. It was all the more awkward since we lingered to bundle up before heading into the cold. Still, 'twas a good experience that left me craving Malaysian food every night.
We came here on a Saturday night because the wait was over an hour at Penang (which is around the corner from this restaurant). After eating here I now understand why Penang has a wait and Banana Leaf doesn't. Wasn't really pleased with our order, it was mediocre compared to the food that we get at Penang. I wouldn't come back and would just wait it out at Penang next time. The staff was friendly, but the food is basic.
Food is mediocre here. The place is set up in a tropical theme like fashion however the place was just too noisy for a group of 5. The waiter kept coming back to us way too often and kept hovering over us suggesting dishes even though we never asked him for help. 

The dishes all tasted pretty much the same. Nothing stood out. There are better places with a similar cuisine.  

Be prepared to yell to each other during conversations.
One of my most favorite places to eat in Philly!!!  Super nice waiters, cheap prices, and awesome food.  Top 10 dishes on my list is from this restaurant:  Curry Chicken boneless.  I love this place!   I just stumbled upon it one rainy day and have gone there once a week when I lived in Philly.  Best option when you are hanging out late and are starving . . . Also good with big parties.  Check it out.
Came here with a large group for dinner - very spacious seating compared to most other Chinatown restaurants so good safe choice if you have a big group.

Food is above average and very similar in quality compared to Penang right around the corner.  Everything was prepared not too salty or sweet and not too dry which can easily be the case for fried rice dishes.

My two favorites are the Thai pineapple fried rice and captain noodles. Thai pineapple fried rice has a lightly sweet but also savory taste that melts in your mouth and the captain noodles are smooth, savory, and flavorful with each bite. I recommend sharing these 2 dishes and most others since they are fairly large portions.

Ambience is casual with medium to loud noise since many people come here traditionally after the bars or a party. Service is quick and gets the job done. Enjoy!
Since I don't live in Philly, this place is not somewhere I would frequently visit VS my sister in law who comes here so often that the staff knows her by face and name. 

I visited on a Sunday evening with my parents, brother, and SIL for dinner and the place was super empty which we didn't mind. Although it says 'Malaysian' cuisine, it's basically Thai with a mix of Chinese/Indian flavors. We ordered: Roti Canai, Basil Tofu, Red Curry, Green Curry, and Pad Kee Mow (similar to drunken noodles) - all vegetarian. With about 5 orders of rice. Everything was phenomenal and super delicious! Our water was filled up without asking and the owner kept checking up on us to see if we needed anything. We thought we'd have to take food to go, but ended up finishing everything. 

Definitely recommend! I heard this place gets extremely packed on weekend nights, so plan accordingly!
the curry here is so great. I got everything curry because of my friend recommendations. I like curry to began with but these people know how to make some great curry. the chicken dishes are really great; especially the bone in chicken with curry because the chicken has been marinated in the curry so the meat is very tasty and tender. i also tried the bone out which is also good but i would recommend the bone in. 

as an appetizer, the pancake is a must; do not eat the main dish without trying this first.
DO IT!!!! Cheap and yummy foods. I recommend the pineapple fried rice, the banana leaf chicken wings, pad thai and homemade roti canai. Wow I'm salivating just as we speak. My friends and I like to order a bunch of dishes and share (not gangnam style but) family style!!!
The food in this place has gone down in quality over the years. I use to go to this place for my Malaysian/Thai food fix. But not anymore. Very disappointed.

Had the Pineapple Fried Rice and Captains Noodles as the entrees. Very bland. Gave this place 2 stars instead of 1 because the Roti Canai was decent.
This place would've gotten more stars if I was able to eat my entree.

We ordered the roti canai, shrimp puffs, and Thai basil noodles. Roti canai and shrimp puffs were standard, but I like Penang's roti canai better because the pancake is more soft. Banana Leaf's was crispy and kept falling apart every time we broke a piece off.

The Thai basil noodles were SPICY AS HELL. I know, there's a spicy star indicator on the menu, but I was not expecting to take only two bites and then not be able to eat the rest. I have a pretty decent spice tolerance, but this was just too much. The only person who could handle it was our Korean friend.

Service was okay. The waitress came over only once to check on us, and when I told her the dish was too spicy, she just said "Oh," shrugged, and walked away. No offer to change it, nothing. Our water glasses were refilled all the time, which came in handy as I was trying to put out the fire in my mouth.

I've only been to this place one other time (almost a year ago), and I wasn't too impressed. I'm even less impressed now.
I have been here three times now. 

"The food is hit or miss" is my verdict on this place.

Some items are surprisingly expensive but will be listed on another page served a slightly different way and be half the price... So double check. 

Some dishes are well executed (the beef Rendang is awesome!) while others are not edible (Mango chicken had so much of a thick, sweet/sour sauce it was practically soup). 

The only other issue here is that the staff doesn't really speak English well, which might be MY issue and not theirs, but we have found asking for help on menu items is futile, and to never take their recommendations as they are probably not what you expect.. ("get the A.B.C as a drink".... haha yeah no).

Besides those, the cuisine is different from a lot of offerings in ChiTown so it is definitely a new favorite place in my 'hood along with Sang Kee (for duck) David's (for late night) and Greenland Tea House for bubble teas and bakery items.
This used to be me and my wife's spot when we lived in the city.  They serve southeast Asian food and it's comparable to Panang about a block away but a lot less crowded.  Paid a visit with my coworkers recently for lunch and one colleague loved the pineapple fried rice soo much we took a second trip.  The ambiance is a little dated and aging but you don't come for the decor, you come for the food which they don't dissapoint on.  When we visited for lunch it varied in the number of customers with a medium lunch rush.  They have a great lunch menu to choose.  One of my favorite dish is the Volcano pork chop made in a sweet red sauce.  I placed an order of the roti canai for the table which my coworkers just loved.  It's a must order when visit.  The service is a little wanting but it is what it is.  Great little gem in Philly's Chinatown if you have a chance.
Eeek. Had a really bad experience here. First of all my friend and I came here on a rainy day. The place was empty. Our waitress seemed as if she was in a rush or something because the moment we sat down, she asked what we were ordering. We told her nicely that we needed like maybe 10 minutes, but she kept coming back every 2 minutes as if its closing or something. Mind you this was like at 6:30pm. So we just ordered without really carefully looking at our menu. My food literally came in like 5 minutes and I thought it was a joke. The food was cold, the chicken was dry, and the rice was just got good at all. It felt as if the food was ordered incorrectly by someone else earlier during the day and brought to me. Friends pad thai, although warmer than mine, wasn't any better. It tasted like ketchup smothered. 
Maybe we came at a bad time or something because the reviews tell me otherwise.
Not coming here again.
