When I found out through 23&Me that I was precisely 14% Vietnamese, I was quite surprised because I am not a fan of Pho. I've been introduced to the cuisine in the 80s and from one Viet. restaurant to another, the menu items seem to be the same. Nothing was exciting to me anymore. When I travel overseas or out West, the menu choices are more vast.

Finally, a Vietnamese restaurant that excites my tastebuds. It's exotic, fresh and the dishes are done to perfection. The portions are generous as well.

Here is what we ordered:
- Imperial rolls (OMG, I could keep eating these)
- Grilled Pork Patties w/Vermicelli (so delish)
- Saigon Beef Pho w/flank, shank & eye round 
- Pork Belly Rice Bowl w/Bok Choy (so tender)

You know that common orange fish sauce (Nuoc Cham) served in all Viet. restaurants? Here, it is different. I couldn't get enough of it. You can tell that they make it themselves with a tantalizing twist to it. Their Pho broth is different from most, it's nice to taste something new. This is definitely my new favorite Vietnamese restaurant. 

Service was outstanding. Our waitress, Katie, was super friendly and so is the rest of the staff. Due to COVID-19, it is outdoor dining only. On this 46 degree afternoon, it was chilly even with the heating lamps nearby so dress warmly. Complimentary hot green tea is served.
U know - people come to Philly for the cheesesteaks and hoagies. 

When I'm in town - I always always have a banh mi as my first stop. And usually, I have my  #1 spot but I needed to meet some friends on south street.

So while my other half went to Jim's - I came here for a take our banh mi. The banh mi comes with fries and it didn't disappoint. This isn't one of those hole in the wall places where u can't sit for $4 but they has a create outdoor set up with lots of other entree options.

Get a Banh mi with extra jalapeños - plus when I'm craving this - they have Uber eats too!
Things this B&B has in common with my other favorite B&B (Bob & Barbaras): they have citywides, they have an eclectic playlist, and it is seriously amazing! Differences: They have really good cocktails, really amazing food, and your feet won't stick to the floor (also no drag queens).

Things this B&B has in common with AirBnB: welcoming atmosphere, hidden gem, cheap price point, you can select whatever beer you want out of a massive fridge (wait, is that not how AirBnB works?), and the staff will more likely than not be a hipster with a manbun. Differences: Service is super attentive, knowledgeable, and awesome, bathrooms are clean, space is open with lots of room for seating, and it's conveniently located on South St.

The concept is Vietnamese street food and I am very into it. Think of this as the Vietnamese version of Southgate, or Royal Sushi and Izakaya. The price point is more than traditional Vietnamese and more than regular street food, but bonus, the staff will acknowledge your existence and you will not be standing on the street trying to balance your wallet, sandwich, and drink. 

BANH MIS (and other things too!)
They have a decent selection of banh mis for $9 each (pork belly, brisket, chicken, super sauce deluxe, and 2 types of tofu - "chicken" and "brisket"), 3 types of pho for $9 or $11 (beef, chicken, and mushroom- VEGETARIANS THIS IS NOT A DRILL), some rice and noodle bowls, and a bunch of snacks. 

Their B&B special is an awesome deal for $14- you get a half banh mi or snack and small (pretty large) bowl of pho. Snacks include wings, squid, papaya salad, rolls, bao buns, and skewers priced between $6-12. 

The pho brisket banh mi is served with pho meat, pickled basil and bean sprouts, and served with a pho jus, like their take on a french dip sandwich, but basically a pho in sandwich form.

The super sauce deluxe comes with traditional Vietnamese cold cuts and pate and was also pretty good, both were expertly toasted on delicious bread and decent sized.

The grilled squid ($9) came with 2 dipping sauces and was snappy without being rubbery.

The tamarind wings ($9) are not to be missed- super crispy (think korean fried chicken wing level) good sized portion, and great flavor.

The pho broth doesn't taste like your typical Washington Ave bowl of pho, and the small bowl  for $9 definitely isn't as big as those you can get on Washington Ave for $6.75, but the noodles, sides, and meat are good and its probably healthier for you. Unless you're a vegetarian looking for that elusive veg pho, I'd recommend skipping the Pho and going with the snacks and banh mis.

BOTTLES (and other things too!)
Massive selection of bottles with a great cider, sour, and IPA selection.
But don't get too distracted by these, because they also have drafts, wine, and really food cocktails (the Long Goodbye with mezcal, cilantro, lime, and mint was delicious $11).

Welcome to Philly B&B! I will definitely BB, bb (be back, baby).
I really like their chicken pho, it was flavorful and tasty. You don't have to season broth or chicken. Just eat it straight because you don't need hoisin sauce or Sriracha unless you like spicy.
Banh Mi Pork Belly was delicious
definitely will come back to try something else on the menu.
This hipster Vietnamese eatery merges together a lot of worlds, which makes it a great fit in Philly. When my friend suggested it and I heard it was on South Street, I was a skeptical Viet. Nonetheless, it was closer than going to Washington Avenue, so I caved. Overall, this place has my seal of approval. However, if you're looking for a very authentic Vietnamese experience, this may not be it. 

First impression of this place is hipster. With communal picnic tables near the door and fridges full of craft beers, you almost think you're in Fishtown. My friend and I sat in the small dining area next to the bar, and we were waited upon immediately. Along with an extensive bottle selection, there are draught beers and a special cocktail menu. My friend was feeling bold and ordered the special citywide with a shot of citrus-y liquor and a pint of nut ale. From a quick taste, it was definitely an interesting combination... I played it safe with an IPA out of the fridge.

For food, we started with the tamarind wings upon recommendation. They came out piping hot and crispy in a tangy, flavorful sauce. They were very reminiscent of Korean fried chicken with a Southeastern Asian kick. Also upon recommendation, I ordered the Obama Bun Bowl (even though I wasn't that hungry) 'cause it sounded too darn good. With a generous portion of grilled meat, meatballs, and spring rolls, it was definitely worth it. 

My friend was actually really hungry and ordered the B&B combo. This included half a banh mi of your choice with a small bowl of pho - which I love this option for people who can't decide on what to get! He opted for a pork belly sandwich and mushroom pho. I was skeptical about the vegetarian pho, but kept quiet as he ordered. When it came out, I tried the broth and was mildly impressed by the flavors and aromatics. It definitely made me appreciate the veggie options. 

The modern atmosphere is definitely a nice touch. And it's great to see more diverse options on South Street other than bar food.
Update! I still love this place! Finally moved back in to the city, and I thought I would visit this place since I haven't been back forever, which was a great decision. I am so happy they opened up an outdoor seating area during this tough time period. I highly recommend that you call ahead to make a reservation, which it seems they are doing. The food is still amazing, with new items on the menu compared to the last time I came. I came with a bunch of friends, and we all had different items from the menu. I had the "Obama Bowl," which is a very solid, meat-filled vermicelli bowl (great for meat lovers). A friend had their tofu vermicelli, and it is a very well-presented dish, which I am sure is also amazing and great for vegetarians! A few friends had different Bahn Mi's, which are still solid (definitely adding an egg also makes it a bit unique); they also come with fries! As for the drinks, still a good selection of beer and mixed drinks. Since they are trying to serve and comply with COVID-regulations, you can't pick out the beer and have to order via the server, which is not that bad. They now have a QR code that you can scan to see what you can have to drink. Still recommend everyone to come here to dine and to support this local restaurant!
It's a simple, but pretty genius move: bring together the two most popular dishes on the menu of a Vietnamese eatery: Banh Mi and Pho... and it works brilliantly here.

I was intrigued by the concept, and immediately wanted to try it out. The Banh Mi I refer to is a pho-spiced beef brisket served French-dip style with pho broth. I believe it had pickled sprouts instead of the pickled daikon and carrots to remind one of pho while biting into a crunchy banh mi. The pho dip just works at sooo many levels, particularly for those who are used to dunking biscuits/biscotti in their tea or coffee. It's for people who like it both ways: with and without dipping it. Hmm...

I like the concept behind the restaurant: Vietnamese street food/bar/beer bottles. There's a pretty accomplished cocktail menu with well executed cocktails - my personal favorites being the French Sazerac, and the Long Goodbye (featuring Mezcal). Also, there must be 200+ labels for beer drinkers.

I can't say that I've been bowled over by the appetizers. I liked the texture of the Tamarind wings, but felt they could have been bolder with the Tamarind flavor. The grilled Squid, on the other hand, was well served by the accompanying Lemongrass and chili sauce dips. Then again, there's a lot more stuff on the menu that I haven't tried: the skewers, bao buns, rolls, papaya salad... There's also an homage to President Obama in the form of the "Obama Vermicelli bowl" to capture the meal he'd shared with Anthony Bourdain on Parts Unknown... That's smart marketing as well as I'm pretty sure seeing that on the menu prompted me to have one more drink than I would have done otherwise...
Finally, actually good vegan pho! 

I spent a month backpacking through Vietnam and ate at least 1 bowl of pho every day. After that, pho was the hardest thing to "give up" when I went vegan because restaurants couldn't seem to figure out that plain vegetable broth with salt isn't a satisfying substitute. 

Banh Mi and Bottles, however, has concocted an amazing mushroom broth bursting with the umami flavors that animal bone pho is so popular for. They add fried tofu, shiitake and enoki mushrooms, and bok choy, and the bean sprouts, jalapeno, and basil served with it were fresh (why are they so rotten at some restaurants?). 

Banh Mi and Bottles, if you're reading this, thank you so much for catering to vegans! I'm the organizer for the Center City Philly Vegans meetup group, and all 200+ of them will be getting a recommendation from me to try the mushroom pho. Can you guys do a vegan bun bo Hue next?!
Thank you for being open for business during quarantine 2020. 
I loved the little note on the side telling me a certain sauce was for what product. It felt very homey and there was love placed in the packaging. The banhmi was full of flavor and the small Obama bowl was perfect, but just wished that I can pick my taste of noodles. The bun bo hue was flavorful, plenty of meat and spices-the perfect 5 star dish.
The pho was a bit peppery for my taste but if you love spices and flavor this is for you.
I came to this restaurant because I needed something quick to drink, as I was extremely thirsty. I ordered two large iced teas with no ice and the hostess stated that they do not have sizes - they only have one size. I said that's fine and went on to place my order. She told me it would be $9.78. Each tea was $4.89. Ummm that's a steep price for tea but I was thirsty, so I paid. I then went on to ask if my 9 year old son can use the restroom, and of course, her answer was "No." (While the restaurant next door kindly let my son use their restroom). She turned the corner and came back around with the tea in this photo. The cups are size smalls and they filled them up half way. I asked where the rest of my drink was and she said that for covid they pre pour them and make them that size so when they put ice in they are to the top. Okay... but I do not want ice so can I have a full drink? I did just pay almost 5 dollars for this drink and it's not even a medium. It's a super sized small. She said no since they are pre made that they can't do that. Incredible. You can see from my reviews that I am not one to post bad reviews. I usually don't take the time write about a bad experience unless I feel it's really, really worth letting people know. This I believe is worth informing the people of yelp. This is straight robbery. We all know how much it costs to make Iced Tea. So y'all can do the math on this. Just all around horrible experience. From the pricing to the logic to the rudeness of the man staring at us like we're about to steal the mints on the counter. Spend your money elsewhere. This type of place doesn't even belong in Philly.
Ive been here a number of times before but my two most recent visits prompted me to write a review. My siblings were in town for the Thanksgiving holidays and being Vietnamese, I had to take them to BnB. 

The last two visits we got a number of món pho and bánh mì. We also got chicken and pork skewers. The flavors were fantastic and true to our culture. Located on South St, away from the Vietnamese hub on Washington I was a little concerned if the flavors would hold true. After the first bite those concerns disappeared. 

The pho tasted just like home and they even use bánh tuoi, a wider type of rice noodles typically used in the motherland. The skewers tasted better than the ones you'd find in Asia, and the bao buns has a nice flavor balance. 

Another plus about BnB was the service. The first time we came in this week we had a server from Santa Ana which is a delightful surprise. Last night we had two pleasant experiences. Linh, from Hanoi, helped us feel at ease and welcomed. We also got to meet with the humble owner who showed me and my siblings what Philly was all about. 

Tl;Dr: Authentic flavor. Dope service. Will come again. See pix for kicks [:
Pretty cool place with good drinks and decent food. 
Good drinks from $8-$13. The coffee old fashioned and pimms cup were great. They have a few beers on draft and a lot of different bottles to choose from or for to-go.
Grilled squid was just okay. Pretty forgettable and very small serving for $9.
Tamarind wing's were pretty tasty.
The salty seafood snack was not worth it for $12. It was so salty!
The pork belly bowl was just okay. Pork belly, bok Choy, red peppers over rice with some sauce (what? Soy sauce?). Pretty boring.
The pho looked decent and was probably more worth it (my friend said it was good).
Overall, I'm not impressed and for the price, not sure I'm dying to return. 
Great service though and chill place. May come back for a drink and a snack.
Totally impressed all around...summer rolls, vermicelli, buns...all extremely well prepared and presented wonderfully. Pleasant outdoor seating well-spaced for The Pandemic, with an equally pleasant server.  If you're thinking about it, just go.
I have been meaning to check out this place for a while and am so glad I finally got the chance to! I came here on a Sunday for a late lunch + a few beers with a friend and had a great time. The space is well-decorated and had great music playing (think: The Drifters), which made for a chill atmosphere.

I had one beer from the draft list and one cider from the bottle shop, and both were excellent! They have a good variety of styles. Food-wise, they have a ton of great vegetarian options, which I really appreciate! I had the Tamarind Tofu Banh Mi, which was so yummy and really hit the spot.

The bartender was super nice and friendly throughout our time there. Overall, it's a great spot with delicious food, great beer, and a perfect Sunday afternoon vibe!
Party of 2 arrived around 730, and we were told we "just missed the rush", so if you're planning ahead, keep the time in mind!

There's a small section in front with picnic table style benches to accommodate larger parties. It's a chic, hipster vibe, with a small bar. There's also a cooler area with a wide selection of craft beers and specials.

Service was prompt and really social. Great atmosphere to chill with friends or a cute date night. Food came out fast, and was piping hot like you'd want on a cold night.

Would recommend the pho and medicinal soup! Great flavor all around.
I've had this place on my radar for some time, but never made it there until recently. I definitely am so glad I finally checked it out! 

They don't take reservations usually but they will accommodate a larger group, so we were able to make one for 6 of us on a Sunday night. The interior is nicely decorated - there's a nice bar and there are fridges in the front with different craft beers. Service was great all night.

We decided to order a bunch of apps and then all get our own meal. We got papaya salad, tamarind wings, ribs, summer rolls, and the baked green mussels for the street food starters. The stand outs were the salad, wings, and ribs. So much flavor! We didn't love the mussels but everything else was outstanding. For entrees, 3 of us had pho and 3 had rice or vermicelli bowls. The pho was some of the best broth I've had. It's a little pricier than the Vietnamese places on Washington, but I'd say it's worth it. The shrimp vermicelli bowl was also really delicious, but I was eyeing my friend's pork belly rice bowl which looked amazing.

Didn't get to try the bahn mi this time around, but I'll for sure be back. I'm also eyeing their happy hour which seems like a great deal for starters and is offered even on weekends.
New kid on the block and a cool one at that. Banh mi and Bottle strikes the ever evasive combo of hip and authentic. Many spots try hard to innovate and deviate too far from the original taste of their intended cuisines.

The dining room was cozy and small, the sections were divided to create private spaces that had very different designs. One side looked like a warm family room, one was designed to look like a hip bar in Vietnam and they also had a full service bar with a TV.

Our waitress, Donna was a sweetie and made us felt super comfortable to be there. We ordered scallion corn, baked green mussels, beef brisket bao, tofu rice bowl and imperial rolls. So check this out, we ordered brisket bao but our waitress brought out brisket banh mi instead. Honestly we were ok with that because the banh mi looked so delicious but guess what? Donna was so cool that she actually hooked us up for the bao, on her! Wow! Now that's good service!

The food was amazing. The baked mussels was the best, the marinate was out of this world. The banh mi brisket dipped in pho broth was just so juicy and flavorful. The scallion corn had really good flavors but a bit salty. The imperial roll reminded of Vietnamese "cha dum" which is a type of meatloaf but stuffed inside an egg roll and fried. A bit controversial but I think I liked it.

Overall, the food and atmosphere deserved a solid 4 star but because of our awesome waitress Donna, the place is getting a 5 for excellent service. Highly recommended, especially for serious foodies.
Not a bad showing for this new joint off South Street. We stumbled upon this joint after a LONG trip from NYC. We were due for a filling, fresh meal ASAP. We did come to the right place, but it took a while. We sat down and didn't get a server for 15 minutes. No exaggeration. The place wasn't packed either. However, the food and quickness of the service thereafter was too notch. 

What we got:
-Ciders from the "bottles" side of the joint. You're able to grab any beer you want from the ice chest. And They'll  be charged your bill. Very cool. 

-Shrimp spring rolls (fresh AF) 
-Vermicelli shrimp bowl
-Rice bowl with shrimp

Some would say we had a hankering for the tiny crustacean's. Overall, I'd say this is a neat little Vietnamese joint that can cure any hankering of fresh noddles, seafood, and fine craft beer. I was also told they own a nail salon down the street! Good for them and their newest venture. 

Also, this $50 meal for two beats any NYC bill. Good looks.
Banh Mi and Bottles

My colleague and I had plans for a place in South Street to eat, then we walked past this place "Banh Mi and Bottles" the name itself is trying to grab your attention already. It was around noon on a Wednesday and we sat at the bar, there were a couple of customers, the bar dude was pretty attentive, I asked what is the bestselling Banh mi and he gave me two options, I went with the Short rib, I already knew that this wasn't an authentic Vietnamese restaurant by looking at the ingredients , but wow I was surprised how good it was! My colleague ordered the chicken and he gave me a piece of the meat I definitely need to get that next time we come back! We also ordered the spring rolls! It was really good as well! I'll give place a 5 star! Great local draft selections as well!
$9 for this banh mi and this is what I get... I'm very disappointed because their hoagies are never like this the multiple times I've ordered and eaten from there. I picked up food to go and when I first opened up my hoagie and realized how hard the bread was, I couldn't eat it because that's not what I expected at all so I gave them a call and explained to them the situation and they were more than glad to replace the hoagie and just to make sure I didn't have another hard hoagie I specifically asked for it to be lightly toasted and when I got my second hoagie which is in the picture posted. I got the same exact hard hoagie and couldn't enjoy it at all.  On top of that, they've changed the meats for their super sauce deluxe hoagie so it really was disappointing to me.
Not gonna lie.  I have a good Chinese meal and I say it's my favorite food. Then I get a good meal at a Thai place and I say Thai is my favorite. Recently I've been on a pho kick (I've loved pho ever since I traveled to Vietnam and loved that I could have pho made to order at my hotels EVERY MORNING and shut up, let's not talk about the drool worthy daily French bread, even in the most remote countryside).

On a recent wander down South St., this place stopped me in my tracks and I had to pop in and try it out. For under $10, I got a small but unbelievably tasty bowl of Saigon beef pho. Now a small bowl of soup in any other country is like a cup. A small bowl of soup in Vietnam is like a vat anywhere else, so this was just perfect for me. I apologize in advance if I accidentally moaned out loud in pleasure, it was just that tasty. Don't hesitate to go whole hog of the fresh condiments like the bean sprouts, sliced jalapenos, basil etc. Put them ALL in.
Amazing. My expectations were greatly exceeded! Service was great- friendly waitresses and staff. Food was DELICIOUS and a great price point, and of course, they have all the craft beer you could ask for. 

They have an amazing half banh mi/half pho if you're indecisive. I got the pork belly banh mi and it knocked my socks off. There aren't may places to get banh mi in the city to start with, and they nailed it. The bread was crispy, the pork belly was tender, and the sauce was delicious.

The pho was also excellent. You may not get as much meat as a "traditional" pho place, but it's certainly a step higher in quality.

My boyfriend got the pork belly rice plate which was exceptional as well. Will return!
Wow! What a hidden gem!! Came here with my friend it happen to be happy hour and all the apps we order was $5! What an awesome deal! My favorite app was the tamarind wings!! Wow wow these are amazing so crispy so flavorful. I can't wait to bring all my friends and family here. All the apps were amazing. My friend and I split the Obama bowl and I am do happy we did because this is a pretty big bowl. The service was also amazing our waiter always asked us if we needed anything else and was a step ahead of us. He came over with more napkins before we even asked. Overall I can't wait to come back!!
I'm wild about the tamarind and tofu Bánh mì here, and my dinner partner absolutely loved her vegetarian phở.

Friendly, helpful table service, as well.
This place is so photogenic and service is fantastic, but it just didn't quite hit the right notes when it came to flavor. My girlfriend and I decided to try this place out and seated at one of their outdoor seats. I ordered the tumeric catfish banh mi and was let down by the lack of actual catfish and overabundant dill. My girlfriend got the pork belly rice now and received two rather thick slices, though it fell kinda flat and we expected more pork belly for the amount of rice. It's a nice sit down place, but there's better value out there.
Pros:
Quick service 
Friendly staff
Cute outdoor dining area 
Bomb ass sweet potato fries 
Tasty drinks 
(I tried a seasonal drink and boy oh boy was it interesting. I rarely ever sip my drink but this was the perfect sip and chill drink. The flavors were sooo different? For some reason I got a smoky flavor while sipping it. A little tangy as well. And a little buzz at the end )

Cons:
I did not Iike the food. Why? Because my palate is at the level of a 3 year old. And there's nothing wrong with that but for some reason, my taste buds do not enjoy more refined foods. Cheap burgers? I love. A tofu and portobello mushrooms bao bun? Ummmm not so much. 

I recommend this place! Even if you are unsure if you'll like the food or not. It's nice just to sit outside and enjoy the weather. Perfect for people watching and sipping fun cocktails. I will be back to try more of their drinks and maybe even some tamarind wings.
Excellent food. Fairly priced. Top notch beers and amazing service. Can't wait to come back here.
Just finished the last meal I will probably ever eat at Bahn Mi and Bottles.  I want to like this place. The concept is great. Some of the dishes are tasty. But, the execution, time after time, just gets worse and worse. The service was so bad tonight that the manager/owner covered our bill. He felt bad that there was a problem with EVERY item we ordered. Three of the four dishes were good; the vegetable rice bowl was bland and not worth the 70 minute wait. But what made me give this one star instead of three was the bartender. I will never sit at his bar again. He could not bring himself to apologize for any aspect of this nonstop snafu. Instead he decided good customer service was saying things like "if you want *more* pork I can get it for you" (about a disk where the pork was obviously forgotten, not in low quantity); and "we save money on wine by having stemless glassware" (in response to serving a glass of wine at approximately 80 degrees which has nothing to do with stemware); and after he realized he hadn't brought the aforementioned rice bowl, he never again even made eye contact with us. We were patient, polite, and even left him a $20 tip on a $0 bill, but I won't be back. I don't write reviews like this, ever, but I hope that perhaps it might prevent you from having this sort of night. I would do anything to have those two hours (yes, two hours for four snacks) back.
Popping into a Vietnamese place with a take-out beer selection on South Street bolsters culinary confidence as much as an toddler Uber driver.  Things aren't likely to end well. 

Banh Mi is a notable exception. Service was attentive and knowledgeable.  He took the time to explain each dish, its ingredients, and importance to Vietnamese culture.  For example the sandwhich bread is lighter than is typical thanks to the the French occupation. 

I had the Obama, a rice noodle dish with various forms of meat, like sausage and brisket.  With the vinegar and pepper sauce, this was very interesting and tasty dish.  

My wife had the grilled squid appetizer served with 2 dipping sauces.  Nice texture and char on the meat.  The sauces were additive and complex.  She also had a vegetable dish.  I didn't try that, but can say she made a few requests/substitutions due to some dietary restrictions.  They gladly made it work!

So excellent service, food, and drink.  I'm begining to think that baby can drive.

Lastly....if you like bourbon order "end of day"
When you hear banh mi you automatically think, ou another vietnamese spot opening up in town and you just get so excited and can't wait for it to open to give it a try . The ambiance when you first walked in , it's a cute and cozy place with the dim lights and little candles lighting up on the tables . Since my boyfriend and I was out Christmas shopping all day and we were starving , we decided to stopped in banh mi & bottles, the newest addition to south st a try . I wasn't feeling too good and wanted something soupy so why not . I like trying new places .

Once we walked in, we were greeted and got seated right away . The menu is very limited not like your typical vietnamese restaurant. I love bao buns and there are only a few restaurants in philly that makes it really good so I decided to order the pork belly bao buns for appetizer since they have them here . Both my boyfriend and I decided to get the saigon beef pho . For non alcoholic beverages they have handmade sodas and a few other drinks listed such as vietnamese iced coffee . I'm not a big fan of tapped water nor I'm a beer person and I wasn't in the mood for cocktails so I ended up ordering the handmade cola soda (never had handmade soda before) but okay I'll give it a try and my boyfriend got the vietnamese iced coffee . 

After a few minutes of waiting our drinks came out . My boyfriend didn't like his coffee. He said it doesn't taste like the one you normally get from a Vietnamese restaurants. My soda had a kicked to it as if it has ginger in it . I didn't like it too much . It  tasted very different. Now down to the food . Our pork belly bao buns came out and it was actually pretty good. So since my bao tasted good I decided to ordered two different banh mi to go . I ordered the pork belly banh mi and the super sauce deluxe (the same as the special combination at a sandwich shop) and it's not pictured . When our pho bowls came out , in my opinion the small bowl was actually pretty small . I usually never finished my pho at other places . We both thought it was just okay . I don't really like the thick noodles in my pho . For the price and taste I'll just stick to my typical vietnamese restaurant and pay about 7$ for a decent size bowl . My boyfriend agree . It's just too pricey for something that tasted just okay . Growing up eating pho all my life I would know what a good bowl of pho taste like .

I want to love this place but I just can't. I'll just stick to my regular pho place when I do have the crave for it . The banh mi isn't worth the price either. I had better elsewhere and pay only about 3.75$ for one instead of 9$ for one . 

Service was overall good . My waitress was sweet and attentive but I honestly probably won't returned .
Come here almost once a week. Always get Saigon beef pho, sometimes pork belly bao bun or imperial rolls or pork skewer (just discovered!). Let's walk through each:
- Saigon beef pho: awesome! Best in menu. This is the best Pho in Philly for me (tried Thanh Thanh, Thang Long, pho 75, Vietnam house, Ngon Ngon and 1 on Columbus ave). Coming from Hanoi where Pho is originally from, where Hanoian eats Pho for breakfast, this is the closet to authentic that I have eaten in Philly. Since moving to the U.S 8 years ago, I always crave for this taste and when I found a really close version of it, I'm done (thus the regularity). 
   Why authentic? 
      1. Noodle is WIDE and soft. There was a period the restaurant changed their noodle to the thin ones that ALL other restaurants offer. I was really sad and genuinely feel a little tear in the heart. I didn't come there as often anymore. Then to my surprise AND happiness, they changed back to the original wide noodle. It literally made my day. 
      2. The broth tastes and smells great. I always try to eat here during brunch time (11am - 12pm) because my bowl is the first scoops of the broth of the day so I get the purest and freshest of the ingredients. My sense of smell are more delicate so I can appreciate the scent in the broth better. No idea why its called Saigon beef bc it's so Hanoi. Hahaha.
- pork belly bao bun: this is just simply -- goooood! It's not special but it's just good. Go with pork belly. Its better than beef brisket. Btw if you eat beef pho, the brisket is in there too so you won't miss out.
- imperial rolls: oh this is different from the spring rolls at the other chinese and Viet restaurants! To me, those are unhealthy and unfresh. But this one, other than the wraps, it's 60% close to what my mom made, which to me is impressive.
- pork skewers: OMG they should make a banh mi out of this because this taste is exactly the one that my 13-17 year-old self ate after school and before my night classes. Then, us kids usually waited in front of the small food stand for the meat to be grilled well then dropped the skewers in the hoagy, close it and pulled the bamboo sticks out. 2 sticks per hoagy! 10,000 VND! (Must be 15k now). 

I hope you guys would like it like I do. Everyone's taste bud is different but from a standpoint of a hanoian and northerner, I'd say those dishes (except for bao bun) are most authentic in Philly.
What a fun spot located on South Street. Come here for some fusion Vietnamese food and a very nice selection of draft or canned beer. 

I got their half and half lunch combo which includes a half bowl of pho and half of a banh mi hoagie. Also picked out a Japanese Hitachino white ale. Total bill for the entire lunch was $27 which is a bit pricey but was worth it.
The last time I visited BMAB was during their opening weekend, so I figured I was due for another visit. Another great experience at this awesome place!! They've definitely worked out the most of the kinks that I mentioned they were having during their opening weekend - no issues in terms of availability of menu items and no long wait this time. There've been some minor revisions to the men (RIP Salty Seafood Snack), but the selection of Banh Mi and Pho is mostly the same. See my previous review for deets on the venue, staff, and food/drink!

THE REAL UPDATE: HALLELUJAH, VEGAN EATS!
One thing I wasn't aware of before was how vegan-friendly this place is - there's a vegan option in every category of the menu, so carnivores and omnivores don't have to worry about bringing their herbivore friends! In my last review, I said the food was decidedly ok - I stand by this in that, if you're looking for authentic Vietnamese cuisine, this is NOT the place. But BMAB does a great job at an Americanized flavor profile (heavier flavors with emphasis on the sweet notes), which most people can appreciate. Their vegan dishes are really top-notch, which has convinced me to bump them up from 4 to 5 stars.
-Portabella Mushroom Pho: I'm usually not a huge fan of Portabella mushrooms, but I really enjoyed this! The mushrooms are tender and thinly sliced to mimic beef, which I loved. In my experience, many restaurants tend to dump as many vegetables as possible into their vegetarian/vegan pho, as if they're trying to make up for not having meat, so BMAB's take was refreshing in that they stuck with fewer, more high quality ingredients, each of with enhance the soup flavor.
-Tofu Banh Mi: You can get this 2 ways! As a version of pho brisket or pho chicken! I personally had the pho chicken, while my boyfriend had the pho brisket. While we didn't think either was a good imitation of meat, they were both excellent on their own! The "chicken" tofu has a crispy outside and the sauce they serve with it is great. I really enjoyed my Banh Mi, it was the best vegan Banh Mi I've had to date.

Such a great place to go with a group of friends if you feel like going to a bar but don't want to shout over people - it has the appeal of a bar in both the venue and their excellent drink selection, and avoids the pitfalls of being too dark, loud, and/or ratchet by providing restaurant-style seating and great food options.
Is this place PHO REAL?

if you're a true philly pho lover and you've ventured through viet town and chinatown... then be ready for a slight change. 
the interior is definitely more modern, bar and chill setting; i personally liked it a lot.

the true crime here is how expensive the apps are. i'm used to $4 summer rolls packed with pork and shrimp... but here they're $8 and i'm not getting that much meat. these prices definitely need to be lowered

the pho & banh mi combo though is pretty awesome. the pho is a small but the perfect portion with the half of a banh mi. now for the real talk...

PHO - noodles are not the typical noodles. these are the rice noodles used in pad thai. so if you like your usual pho, thin noodle, you won't get it here. the broth though has DEPTH... YAAS! lots of good beef flavors, maybe could use a little bit more cilantro

BANH MI - i got the sausage and it was decent! i have no complaints, even the bread was well toasted.

overall, i'd come back here but probably not get an app since they're over priced and under sized. and one more tip... please leave bottles of sriracha on the tables!! i can't do with the tiny bowl of sriracha i got... i had to ask for the full bottle.
This has got to be one of Philadelphia's best kept secrets for Vietnamese food. Their food is great and they are very accommodating for big groups. The service was on point too. 
For all my vegetarian friends, this is the place to go for a vegetarian Banh Mis, Bao buns, and vegetarian pho. For everyone else, you can safely order anything on the menu and love it.
This place was OK
Nothing to write home about
Banh mi somewhere else
I mostly enjoyed my Obama bowl and recommend it if you go. The sausage was great, the imperial roll as expected; however, unfortunately the other (roast?) pork was totally flavorless. I love my viettown bbq pork flavors (which the sausage had a lot of) but this pork did not have any. 
I did not like my Bahn mi brisket at all. There was poor ratio of bread to filling and barely any of the freshness (veggies/herbs) in it, with a mini side " dipping" of pho? The pho broth was great on its own so I'm guessing I'll enjoy the soup if I go again, but I used the remains of fish and vinegar sauce to bring more flavor to Bahn mi. Really wished there was more inside the bread. 
I'll probably go again with my husband so he can try some more things, but I'm not happy about the price to size ratio, especially for take out, Because you really just can't compare to Pho 75, Viet Huong, or Lee's Cafe's Bahn mi cravings and their price point. 
$8 for summer rolls? 
Also I get it that a 6-pack will have a better discount, but waiting for my food and wanting one bottle to go just hurt looking at single bottle price. $4-6 per bottle of something like dogfishhead when I could go to Whole Foods per bottle it's $1.29 or another bottle shop for $2. I sometimes just want one bottle. Not a whole 6 pack just to get a better discount. Otherwise I just go to Bella vista beers and buy a whole 24case for the price of your 6 or 12.
I'm hesitant to write a review after one visit but I'm going in on 5 starts for BMaB. I've walked by this place so often on my way to other locations on South Street, with no idea that it has a lovely full restaurant situation going on! (you can only see the bottle shop side from the street, really).

There's a bottle shop, of course, and it's nice as well because even at the restaurant you also have the option to walk over and browse to pick something out, which is a neat thing for sure. And the food was great! They have solid vegan/vegetarian options, and there's a special where you get 1/2 a banh mi and a small pho, because you definitely want to try both.

Really glad to see them on South Street, and looking forward to visiting again!
My boyfriend and I heard about this place and decided to try it out one night. When we walked in, we were seated at the bar. Apparently, there was some kind of private event going on and after ten minutes they told us to leave! It was the most awkward and embarrassing experience. The bar didn't seem to be filled and there were tables up front that looked like they were having separate dining so I was so confused. Obviously the management and staff were just as confused to what was going on at their restaurant that night. Everyone just stared at us and we felt like it was our fault we were invited to sit at the bar. Next time, post up a sign or close your doors if you don't want people coming in during your open hours.
So excited to welcome B&B to the block - have been anticipating it's opening since summer! Overall, my group had a great experience, but there's still a lot of kinks that need to be work out. Be prepared to wait 20-30 min for a table, 30 min to get food/drink orders in, and about an hour for your food to come out.

VENUE:
Exposed brick, dim lights, laid back vibes. Perfect spot for a hang out - even though it gets busy, the seating is arranged so that groups don't interfere with one another. An extensive and diverse selection of beers at the cases in the front, all reasonably priced for being craft beers!

STAFF:
Shout out to the staff that's there tonight - they provided excellent service. Our host provided a complimentary round of drinks for our wait. There was some confusion when we were ordering food and drink, but our lovely waitress laughed about it with us. It's obvious they're all still adjusting, which is no surprise for a new restaurant. The staff is so accommodating that with time, I have no doubt the service will be flawless.

FOOD/DRINK (most important part):
-Drinks: Their cocktails are strong and tasty, highly recommend the French Sazerac. The wine was nothing to write home about, you're better off ordering a cocktail or beer.
-I wanted to love the food so badly. However, I'm sad to report that the pho and banh mi are decidedly ok. There's better pho and banh mi for much better prices in Chinatown and South Philly. However, my favorite dish was the Brisket Bao Buns - great flavors, highly recommend!
-Of note, they're still running out of menu items - we ordered the squid for an appetizer but were told it had run out after we'd been waiting for our food for the better part of an hour.

Despite all the waiting, my group had a good time - on the bright side drinks come out pretty quickly! I'm sure that after a few weeks, B&B will have some of the kinks worked out and hopefully it won't take as long for food to come out. I'll most likely be returning - not specifically for the food, but for the drinks and chill vibe.
Delicious food and terrific service. Terrific happy hour with all the street bites priced at $5. We ordered the vegetarian summer rolls (normally $8) and the tamarind wings (normally $11). Both were terrific. 

Tips: Ask for the homemade chili oil. It makes for a delicious addition. It isn't too spicy but adds great flavor and a little kick.
My boyfriend and I stumbled across this place on south street last Sunday. We were hungry and looking for a perfect fix. The adorable outdoor setup caught our eye first. And we took a look at the menu, conveniently posted right outside, and immediately decided this is it! We were seated immediately (on a warm sunny Sunday) and given waters. We each ordered and got the food very promptly. I had the braised pork belly Bahn mi and the hanoi chicken pho. We also started with the imperial rolls (unbelievably good). The food was so good and the bread on my bahn mi was to die for. So fresh and crispy. We can't wait to eat here agaib
We've probably walked by this place a lot whenever we've been on South Street and this is the first time we came specifically to try this place out. We were very happy with our experience. We got greeted and seated right away. The hostess and waitress were very friendly and prompt.

First we started off with the summer rolls, they're basically a must whenever you go to a Vietnamese restaurant. For our main course we got the BNB dinner combo which is a bowl of pho and half a banh mi sandwich. Everything was delicious! Beware that you get a big bowl of pho! Cuz I barely had room for the banh mi. 

They do serve alcohol as well if the name didn't give that away
They have 2 tables inside and a handful outside. The pho, banh mi, and bun were all flavorful with great texture. Service was good.
Tried this vietnamese place and was super blown away. We started with the brisket and pork belly bao buns and both were amazing. The meat was super tender and literally melted in your mouth. I decided to get the veggie pho as It was super cold and It was everything. The broth was so flavorful and the noodle to veggie ratio was perfect. I liked the assortment of veggies that they included. Out waiter was super attentive and made sure that we had everything we needed. I do wish that they had outside heaters as the temperature drops during the evening. Overall the next time I'm in philly would def come back here to try other menu items.
The BEST  banh mi I've  ever had anywhere,  hands down. I miss dining in the restaurant,  because  it was so pretty and inviting, but taking out is still a very joyful experience. The bao buns, the banh mi, the pho, everything,  it's  all fantastic! I'm  so happy  this restaurant  exists. A great  big thank you so much to this wonderful  restaurant and staff for always taking the time and care to provide such great food and experiences, especially  now  during this hard time. Can't wait to go back!
The best Shrimp Pho ever.
Mixed with bok choy, portobello and enoki mushrooms.
AMAZING. 
The Brisket Banh Mi is amazing as well.
The food here was delicious!! We got 2 banh mi sandwiches (I got the tofu) and it was soo good, the sauce on it was amazing!!! 

Service was great, we ordered pickup and it was ready within 10minutes.

My only complaint and the reason for the 4 stars is it wasn't very filling. It was a thin sandwich maybe if it had more or came with a side I would have felt 100% satisfied.
Best (Grilled pork) Banh Mi I've had thus far!! Gotta get the fried egg! Service during covid is another plus! We sat outside :)
I generally am not the type to set out and write a review about a restaurant at all given my husband has worked in the industry and I have a lot of patience. Though the experience I had at BM&B was incredibly disappointing. I have been super stoked about this place since I heard of its opening and decided to give it a shot. After being seated promptly, everything after that took awfully long. Our appetizers weren't too bad, but awaiting for our bahn mis was close to an hour wait. It's something I would not have minded, though there was no communication between us and the servers. We were constantly overlooked or brushed off. Waiting to get our check took another half hour after being ignored over and over my servers who were right next to us. 

The food itself was subpar. The brisket bao buns were a great highlight, though. The bahn mi I could have done without. No rich flavors or textures you get with a great bahn mi. We skipped on drinks, given the menu is already pricey for what you are given. 

The most disappointing was the lack of communication and service in general. I may come back. I know friends who have had great times here. May have been an off night. I'd stick to the appetizers and drinks.
Very good Vietnamese restaurant. I got recommended by my friend and she is completely right about this. Both beef & chicken noodles soups are very tasty & no MSG, taste very close to home. Definitely recommend this place. The owner is also very nice.
I've been frequenting this spot since it opened and it's gotten better and better from the first weeks. After more than a dozen visits this might be my new favorite spot in Philly. 
     First, this is by far the most reasonably priced spot to try new and interesting bottled and canned beers and then take a six pack home of your favorites. The selection is always rotating and is fantastic with over 300 beers. I'm also a huge fan of the cider selection. 
     Second the cocktails are spot on, I mean honestly some of the best I've ever had. The staff really know their stuff when it comes to classics and the drink menu and pairing you up with the right drink. The spirit selection is also really great. Not what you would expect at all. Non of the usual things but a great selection. 
     Third the food hits that perfect middle ground for me between comfortable, affordable (last night I had an app, two drinks, and an entree for 39 dollars!?!), and tasty/quality while being unique. Also the take out is great, and the vegetarian options are as good as the regular dishes. 
        It gets busy but at the same time when its full and jamming it's pretty fun. It is casual but the service is astoundingly good. I've had servers explain to me everything from how to best eat pho, to perfect beers to drink with my food. The vibe is chill and inviting with great music (rotates from Americana to chill pop to more avant guard remixes). 

Over all I find this to be a fantastic addition to the south st corridor.
My friend and I were starving after getting pierced at Infinite Body Piercing (because apparently, piercings make you hungry) and rushed in here seeking sustenance. After being seated, I read the positive reviews on Yelp and found them reassuring we would be getting a good meal. Evidently, my rating and the rest of this review indicates otherwise.

I ordered the B&B dinner which allows you to get a small bowl of pho and half banh mi. I ordered the lemongrass chicken banh mi and the saigon beef pho. I was surprised by the portion of the pho; it was bigger than I expected. That's about as positive as it gets with the food. I thought the pho tasted mediocre and inauthentic. I thought lower of the banh mi worse. It felt as though little effort was made putting together the banh mi. My chicken was room temperature and despite not having very much meat in the sandwich, everything still fell out of the sandwich as I was eating it. Not to mention, the bread was just blah. 

My other main complaint, aside from the food, was the service. Our waitress seemed oddly friendly yet aloof at the same time. She did ask how our meal was and took our order with a smile, but she would simultaneously be having a conversation with one of her co-workers across the room or just not make eye contact in general. I'm not sure if I'm explaining this well, but I interpreted her behavior as disingenuous and as if she was just going through the motions. This probably wouldn't have bothered me as much as it did if I didn't already feel like the food was put together without care.

The ambiance is a bit dark to eat, but I imagine this is the lighting that is better suited to intimate conversations and drinks. I didn't order any drinks off the menu, but some of them sounded appealing. I can see the potential for the "Bottles" aspect of the restaurant, but I would pass on the banh mi and the food as a whole.
blonde., bubbly "hostess" / server was very sweet and attentive. i am not sure if she was just helping out the server or if they all did everything but she's was sweet. 

i got the veg summer rolls - delicious and good texture. sweet potato fries - drooling thinking of them. they're were seasoned really well and tasted good in peanut sauce ! and i got pork boa buns / boa buns could of been better ! my friend had veg pho and really enjoyed it. well be back
go ahead and put two of my favs together in one place, IM GONNA BE THERE.

came in to grab a late night bite on a weeknight, and was pleasantly surprised by their classic banh mi. bread was thankfully more baguette than amoroso (but hey, i'd be good cause, philly). and their pate was on point: just salty enough and with a nice meaty texture. 

and fyi, came in again on another friday night with my gf, and shared their brisket pho that was surprisingly better than expected. broth was both clean yet intensely beefy, while totally addictive, and nice on that chilly night. not quite as funky / offal-tastic, nor as inexpensive as what you'd get on washington ave, but a quality bowl worth anyone's time. 

as for the other half of the operation, fun selection on the shop side, with lots of brews that i really like and have had some nice drafts at the bar. always dig a tightly edited draft selection at a beer shop, cause its probably what they most wanna have and i'm down to see what the purveyors are drinking. 

and yea, i get that i said "surprising" about the food twice, cause i'm gonna be a skeptic whenever someone's trying to tweak something thats a classic. but hats off to b&b for just making tasty food and willing to offer an entire store full of beer to go with it.

some minor complaints: wish the bar area didnt have a few awkwardly set nearby tables. and for a beer store, the drafts could be a touch more adventurous: maybe a cask ale or barleywine? and while totally digging the vibe of the place, the back table area just felt a little too bright. again, minor.

still, where else are you gonna have a vietnamese banh mi, with a nice german gose, while watching robert rodriguez' "once upon a time in mexico" on the bar's tv?
Being Vietnamese and a Philly native, I know what a good Vietnamese restaurant is like. This place definitely charges more than your average Vietnamese restaurant... but hey it makes sense since they are located on South St. The restaurant is very modern and I love the interior! The tamarind wings are amazing but the pho and banh mi could be better. The service was a bit slow, but I think they were understaffed.
This place was awesome! If you're strolling around South Street, definitely pop in. The interior is so cute and the food was pretty good! For $15, you can do a pho and Banh mi combo which was the perfect amount of food. They have plenty of vegetarian options too. The pork belly bahn mi was so tasty! They had pretty good happy hour deals and had $5 apps. Overall, it was a great place to grab some good grub!
Decent place with a nice bar. Pho banh mi is okay. I expected something different but it wasn't bad. It was kind of expensive for what it was. I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come back here but it not a bad place for drinks and mediocre vietnamese food.
This place is nice, has an Asian American theme, Food was great, amazing customer service. Always smiling while greating is and serving as well. Very on point with the water refil and check ups. Much appreciated!! Will be back soon!!
I was really excited to try this place. We got in and it was a lot nicer on the inside than the typical pho place I'm used to. I usually get pho or banh mi from nice enough places where the food is great, but the ambiance is not so great. I honestly don't mind that, but this place is nice for making an event out of getting Vietnamese since it is darkly lit and has a liquor license. 
The food was good. I got the half brisket banh mi and half beef pho and it cost $14. Both were really good- particularly the pho. I had the B&B gin and tonic and that was absolutely delightful.
All in all, I thought it was a great place, but I felt a little uncomfortable there. it definitely has a hipster vibe and the waiter wasn't that warm. He kind of had an attitude and seemed really annoyed that I had a question about the menu. On top of that, they were playing really awful music. I wanted to run away. It was like folk covers of contemporary songs, If banjo covers of Coldplay are your thing, then this place is for you!
I would go back to bring vegetarian friends since they have veggie options, which is really nice. But other than that, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go there. 
So, to sum it up- great food, great drinks, OK service, nice ambiance (if you like trendy/hipster stuff).
Thjs was my second time trying bahn my and I'm gonna day is WOW. So good. The staff was really nice - and I even got a Vietnamese coffee :) the out door seating was nice and the spring rolls were fresh and delicious as well.
I recently found out about this place and put it on my high priority list. The reviews are all accurate thus far! We ordered a Banh mi, the bao buns, brisket pho and a fried fish special. Everything was delicious and light. Even with all the food we tried we didn't leave feeling overly full which can sometimes happen when eating Asian food. The Banh mi was perfect and a perfect roll which is the key to a good Banh mi. There take on the "spam" aspect was more gourmet than the traditional Banh mi but I really enjoyed it as I am not a big spam person.
VISIT HISTORY: 
- Last visit: Last Tuesday with friends for dinner + drinks 
- Frequency: Second time. 
- Next visit? yesssss

FOODRINK:
- Coffee Brandy Old Fashioned: the coffee is very subtle but adds that extra roasty flavor (i actually couldn't go to sleep afterwards cause of the caffeine.) 
- Papaya salad: meh but the portion was sizable. not enough zest or spice. meh.
- Beef brisket bao: meet cooked very well 
- Banh mi + pho: it's not the best pho but it's decent. Not your traditional pho dish. Average but could  be really great for those who are new to the pho game. 

VIBE:
- Dim lighting 
- Trendy & hipster ambience 
- Service: excellent and attentive. Waitress asked if I wanted a second drink - pretty attentive without seeming overly eager. 
- Noise level: Low
- Wait time for food arrival: 9 minutes 54 seconds 
- Wait time for our check: 3 minutes 19 seconds
Had the tamarind chicken which was super crispy but lacking in some flavor. Nonetheless, don't regret the purchase. It was also happy hour so cost $7. I got the pho brisket sandwich which was so juicy. It was like a bowl of pho inside a hoagie! The pork one was a bit dry. No meat or juice soaked into the bread. So the dryness made it less enjoyable. The service was great! Our waiter was kind, fast, and efficient!
Great spot. Great beer. Great food. Lee was a awesome bartender/server. We will be back again and again.
The atmosphere in here is a pleasant surprise. Wonderful food, awesome beer selection. Great idea of authentic food with a modern twist. Cant wait for their happy hour menu to come out. This is a spot I can see myself becoming a regular at. Great addition to the neighborhood. Great staff too! Highly recommended!! 5 stars all around.
Funky little place on south street (no surprises there). Restaurant has lots of rice and noodle bowls and other great choices. Pork belly, tofu, shrimp, lemongrass chicken. We got a pork belly rice bowl and a combo (small pho and a little sandwich), and both of them were much larger than anticipated and delicious. Got the artichoke iced tea, which REALLY tastes like artichokes. I'm not sure if I'd get it again, but I did like it. decent amount of beer on tap. definitely will be back!
Bartender was awesome, food and drinks were outstanding. Great service and a good place to go to meet up with friends or go on a date! Had a blast, thanks guys!
What a great concept! My BF and I stopped in during happy hour and we ordered the fresh rolls ($5) and a Love City Lager which I think was also $5 on HH. The lager was delicious and paired really nicely with the fresh rolls. I found them delicious and yes, very fresh. It was the perfect stop for a quick snack and we left satisfied--our bill was $10 before tip! What's more, we were able to discover a local brew right then and there. We were crunched for time and didn't have a chance to make it to any actual breweries, so this was a great alternative.
Really cool place, even if you're going for a drink or two. Their food is really good as well and they have a couple unique items with cool spins on your typical Vietnamese dishes/Banh Mi.
Dinner at B&B was my favorite during my 3 day stay in Philly. I absolutely loved that I was able to get both bahn mi *and* pho! The beer selection was great as well. The customer service was great, everyone was incredibly welcoming and the atmosphere they've created is perfect for a casual dinner. This will certainly be a stop I make the next time I'm in Philly.
Yum. Dont wait in the cheesesteak line. Come here. Fresh food and ingredients, the hot food hit the spot even on a super hot day. YUM.
Came here for lunch today and loved it! Had a half tamarind tofu bahn mi and half Saigon beef pho. The tofu bahn mi was perfect, and it was one of the best that I've had in Philly! My only gripe comes with the pho..while I understand that fat gives pho broth a lot of flavor, I didn't particularly like the amount of fat on the beef itself---it seemed like there was a lot of it and I found myself peeling it off. Otherwise, the meal was delicious and would be happy coming here again!
This place has the best tofu banh mi and vegetarian pho I have ever had. And I have tried many places.
Delicious food and great beer selection. I got the pho brisket and a Vietnamese like drink. Sandwich was beyond my expectations. Highly recommend it and the place. Can't wait to go back next time I'm in the city
Love the ambiance, awesome decor, and great service. The food is super yummy coming from someone who is Vietnamese! Love getting the pho brisket banh mi and the Obama bowl is huge! Their Saigon beef pho is delicious as well. Great beer selection. The only thing is keeping me from giving it 5 stars is the price. Definitely would recommended!
Finally got a chance to check this place out and am so glad I did. I didn't know what to expect, would the food be overpriced and bland, catering to more Americanized clientele? While it wasn't cheap, all the dishes we had were well worth it! Great options and lots of drink choices. I will def come back to try their mixed drinks. We ordered the 2 banh bao options, pork belly and beef brisket, they were so delicious!!! For banh mis, we also got both the pork belly and beef brisket. The bread was perfectly crispy and the beef au jus that came with the beef brisket was a fun and delicious addition. Definitely worth checking out if you're around South Street.
Welcome to the neighborhood!!! Just tried the House Made Sodas and the super yummy Pork Belly Banh Mi and can't wait to try the rest of the menu. Very warm spot with a fun, professional staff. Cheers!
Lovely, fresh, authentic Vietnamese street food. A few bucks more than the local Vietnamese joints but genuinely better, and a good beer selection at reasonable prices. Highly recommended!
I don't understand all these 5 stars? Going there with my daughter and her Vietnamese boyfriend from California they were like this Pho is a joke. There was like minimal amount of chicken in the dish and the broth tasted like dish water. Most places provide an ample amount of basil and bean sprouts they got like a tiny plate. My supposed 'Surf and Turf' was soo over seasoned with mint it was inedible, (guess mint is cheap) I am sorry I went there. Where was my mixed greens?maybe go online and see how a real Vietnamese restaurant is serving? Beer was tasty and service was just okay.
Cocktail culture-bar and beer-market it does deliver on, if those are your thing; the namesake banh-mi, which sadly lacks in any authenticity of price/flavor/presentation, gave me zero satisfaction.  

I've heard the pho and rice dishes are good, but you're far better sticking to somewhere authentic than this cheffy-shit moneygrab IMO!
This place is amazing, the food is super tasty and reasonably priced. The servers were very friendly. They were also playing Dark Knight on the TVs, and great music! They have a pick two dinner special - 1/2 Bahn mi and pho for $14, it was amazing! Would definitely come back and recommend! Uh oh...space jam just came on!  Looks like we are getting another round!
Soooo much yumm! Not picture is the steak bah mi.  It was my first time here and i will definitely be coming back.  The food was very tasty and the service was phenomenal. Our server took the time to explain to us how to eat our pho and she gave us recommendations.  The atmosphere is also very chill.
I've been wanting to try this place for a while, and today I did finally. 

Beer selection was great. Beers were displayed according it's categories, such as IPAs, tripels, saisons, etc.

After picking up the bottle I wanted, I sat at the bar and ordered Pho Brisket Bahn Mi. It was not typical bahn mi style, because it lacked pickled daikons, carrots and jalapinos. But with bean sprouts and cilantro it was nice variation of Vietnamese flavors. The soup (or beef  au jus) was also good. 

It will be a great place to sneak out and have a bottle of beer (or two of them) on your workday. 

I will come back and try other menus. When other menus are as good as today's brisket bahn mi, I will give it a five stars.
Nice chill vibes. Great customer service. Food was PHOnomenal ....even the vegan food was good!Drinks were pretty amazing too. Looking forward to coming back.
Awesome place to check out if you want to try something new. Good sized beer selection with interesting drink menu. Had a good crowd on a Friday night. The Tamarind wings were delicious! Definitely ,how I imagined it to be.  Overall, a great place with reasonable pricing.
Cool ambience, love the self serve beer fridges...had the Bahn Mi and Pho combo...really good...I recommend!
Brilliant food and amazing beer selection! So many brews to choose from. Banh mi were perfectly textured, bread was crispy and chewy. Got the salty seafood snack which had super delicious scallops. Very reasonably priced, would definitely come back.
Great Banh Mi sandwiches, with light crunchy fresh bread. My favorite is the pork belly. The pork belly bao buns are also very good. 
But the TAMARIND WINGS are really KILLER! Amazingly delicous!! Might be the best wings in Philly!! So good!!!
THEY RAN OUT OF FOOD! 

This is a good sign. I am super anxious to try food here soon... the menu looks amazing. The drink list is awesome, the wall of beers is incredible, and the staff is super nice. 

I am very excited to have this great addition in the neighborhood. I love Pho Ha, live a block away from it, so I know this food will be delicious. 

Since there was no food, we had a liquid dinner. The beer list is interesting, and the drinks are even more interesting. The cool thing was realizing that we didn't recognize most of the bottles behind the bar. 

Be back soon!
I have bought great beer at this cute place, but didn't think to come back and eat here. I had lunch there two days ago and was blown away! Admittedly, I am no expert on pho, but damn! This was outstanding soup. My friend got a vermicelli bowl and was equally wowed. The very friendly owners and their adorable baby were circulating and chatting with customers. Service was attentive, the place was spotless and clean, decor was well put together and a nice respite from south street madness. Just a really pleasant experience from start to finish. I predict I'll be in there at least once a week!
Wow what a find! Great draft list. Better bottle list. We had the lemongrass banh mi and the beef pho and both were excellent! Very pleasant and helpful service.
Great cocktails. Ok beer selection. Great scene. Food was just ok. Imperial rolls and tamarind wings were delicious. The pork belly buns, brisket banh mi, and pork belly rice bowl all lacked flavor. Great concept, but probably won't go back again based on the food.
Holy hell.  Pho Brisket Bahn Mi.  Great beer on tap and legit menu.  This place is unique, does it all and delivers in all phases.  Great find here.
Very cool hipster casual dinner spot. It's kinda like foodery but with vietnamese food. Cool selection of craft beer. Ambience and concept is def 5 stars. But... food is just ok. It's more expensive than regular viet joints with smaller portions. But much nicer presentation. Buns with brisket was basically... the kind of thin slices of meat  in cheesesteaks but without much seasoning or flavor. The pho broth was not bad considering it's not trying to be authentic viet joint. But again meat was meh. Bahn mi's meat was also lacking in flavor. The pickled radish and the bun itself was rly good if that means anything to anyone. 
They need to re-think their meat game. Idk, get a grill and grill some pork chop with lemongrass. Because except for the meat, I think they are capable of flavoring things! Lk broth was good, the sauces in the buns and bahn mi were good. 

Oh and cocktails were good! But just stay away from brisket and pork belly.. wont be what you want or expect.
Definitely not one of those places where you go to grab a super authentic meal but I gotta say I love the concept and their spin on the food is excellent. It's still vietnamese food regardless and I'm glad it's not the generic just like the other locations. We have enough those regular pho and noodle joints that serve the exact same thing over and over again.
Pros: good food
Cons: slow service (it took 50 minutes for our appetizer to come out, forgot to bring out certain food/drinks, and negligent to nut allergies. The food runner looked at my plate and Said there were no peanuts even though there were clearly peanuts.
Stumbled in with a bunch of friends a couple weeks after it opened and returned a week later cause we were craving the Obama bowl (thanks Obama!). Wings are another highlight on a menu full of delicious stuff. Great selection of beers that you can select bottled or draft. So glad to have a new favorite go-to - this place definitely tops the list of accessible, reasonably priced, consistently good food in the area!
I was really excited for this place to open, but I was a bit disappointed.

Ambience: great. I loved how it looked and felt 

Service: I only saw one server, one bartender, one person at the front. It didn't look enough people 

Food: overall the food was a bit bland and all the portions were small. 

We got the salted baked seafood, and the portion was tiny for 12 dollars. It tasted good but was very oily, which I did not exactly expect. The dish composed of prawns, scallops, and squid 

I got the portobello mushroom pho and the broth was very tasteless. It has a good amount of mushrooms though. My friend got the chicken pho, which had much better broth. Another friend got the obama bowl and the sauce was incredibly bland and the portion wasn't exactly large. But she did enjoy it. 

Drinks: I got the French sazerac and it was tasty. The bottles at the front of the store seemed incredibly overpriced
Amazing place! Amazing Staff! Amazing food! Amazing brew selection! Definitely recommended!
