Bank & Bourbon is an above-average hotel bar in the downtown Philadelphia Loews Hotel in the historic Philadelphia Savings Fund Society (PSFS) building. The building and setting may be iconic, but it was some late-night drinks and American fare which make me a fan.

The Taste of Ham board was a triple taste of yum featuring Hamery, Benton's Ham, and Creminelli Prosciutto. The meats may change with the season, but this trio was hamtastic. Other yummy bar menu discoveries were a Grilled Octopus with Fingerling Potatoes and Cherry Pepper Relish plus a sizzling plate of Chive-roasted Local Mushrooms.

An even more bankable discovery was a Fist Full of Dollars cocktail laced with Maker's Mark. If you like bourbon, this is the bar for you in Philadelphia. If you like sweet bourbon cocktails, then this is the cocktail to order.

Even if you aren't staying at the Loews Hotel, Bank & Bourbon gives plenty of reasons to visit and see the historic 1920's building with some above-average food and drinks.
Great place!

Come support them as they recently just reopened dine-in due to covid

They have great service!

If you're on a date, ask for that special seat that Johnny and Mrs. Johnny sat (which is the only seat you'll find attached to the bar counter)

Request that special New York Sour and tell them Johnny told you.. you'll be glad because the bartender is great and he makes excellent drinks especially that Manhattan which is probably the best I had

We also had a snack of fingeling potatoes as they require you to have a snack if you're only coming in and drinking

Definitely a place that has a downtown feel as it is in downtown where you would come in and drink after work.. I mean if I lived here, I would go here after work.. you know what I'm saying
So I came here for restaurant week hoping to be but dazzled off my toes  Because of all the awesome things I've heard about in this restaurants and the beautiful decor has.  
And don't get me wrong, food with good but not as flavorful as i thought it would be. 

I ordered a solid for an appetizer. Nothing to talk about. Basic salad.  Basic lettuce. Basic vinaigrette. Basic fork. Basic plate.
Then I order the aged Burger with brioche bun cause I love a basic burger.  The poblano peppers on the Burger though? WELL PLAYED.
I'm basically basic.

 The highlight of this whole ordeal was the dessert.  The blueberry pie with that wonderful  raspberry compote was tear jerking good. The dessert was bitter sweet because from what I heard it wasn't going to be available after resturant week because the pastry chef changes out desserts often. 

I'm thinking a good idea would be to go there just for wine and dessert because at least the pastry chef is full of surprises.
I came in at around 4pm on a Friday while killing time for a friend to get off work. It was dead, but I was perfectly happy with that because all I wanted was air conditioning, a great drink, and a quiet place to flip through my new Harper's Baazar. B&B delivered on all fronts! I asked the bartender which of their cocktails were the most refreshing and he suggested the one with ginger beer, can't recall the name, before he offered to make me a Mai Tai. That man must be a mind reader, because I had been thinking about Mai Tai's all afternoon!

It was seriously potent, and delicious. I was pretty buzzed just from the one drink. They didn't seem to mind my being there just chillin with my magazine, and all was well in the world. I will be back for sure.

Oh, the Mai Tai was also a crazy-good deal. $10, when the rest of their cocktails were priced around $12 or $14 if I remember correctly.
This place is sweeeeet! The restaurant design is gorgeous -it's the Loews, so expect nothing less. 

Brunch- Omelet with sharp cheddar cheese local cage free eggs, bacon, peas, and scallions.
Breakfast potatoes delicious -think roasted potatoes.
Coffee right in the middle; strong and robust

The Seating- by the open window that scales the entire Market Street great for eating and people watching.

Mimosas the right orange juice with good champagne, I am shocked at how many establishments can't get this right. 

Must Have The Bourbon Doughnuts with cinnamon, sugar, and fruit jam almost like a beignet, but even better stuffed with a vanilla cream

Everything-Wonderful.
We stopped here for brunch on our last day in Philly. The menu was small, but had some good options. 

I had the frittata & it was good. I was hoping that they would offer a combo breakfast with eggs and a pancake or something, but they didn't. 

So I ordered a pancake as a side dish. It was $6, which was a little high to me for a single pancake. 

The place wasn't too busy & the service was a little slow. I'd be up to go back and try this place for dinner though.
Stayed in an Airbnb down the street and wandered around this neighborhood like a local. #justliketheircommercials 

Seriously, though, this is a cool neighborhood. I wish I had more than one night. Bank & Bourbon did not disappoint. After getting turned down by several restaurants hosting private events for the DNC, I found the sanctity of a Dad's Hat and jazz music a welcome relief. Great vibes for a date, but I was with a co-worker. She was still a pretty hot date, though. I'm not complaining ...

we shared a bed later. 

Because this town was booked like a whorehouse on a Saturday night and we finally submitted to sharing a double bed just so we'd have a place to stay. Yeah, a double. 

#soundshotterthanitwas
I've only been here for appetizers but was quite pleased and impressed with the ambiance, the service and how hospitable and friendly the staff was. 

My friend Duff and I had a holiday cocktail party we could not get out of. We both knew there would be no food served-just cheap booze-so we wanted something in our bellies to keep us from having one strong drink too many and getting too silly/campy/obnoxious with people/prospective clients we did not know very well. B & B was on the way to this necessary but dread fete so we took a chance and popped in. 

We ordered fries (that was my doing) and a charcuterie board. The young woman who served us was fast with a smile as well as our food, she made us laugh and we made her laugh, too. The charcuterie/cheese selection was excellent, the cheeses were served at the correct temperature, our bread basket was bottomless and I wanted to marry the fries. We decided not to order drinks with our 'stomach coater' snack but I'm sure the cocktails here would be just as fine as the appetizers.

Center City has become home to some excellent hotel bar/restaurants in the last few years and Bank & Bourbon is heading its way up on an ever growing 'A+' list!
Came in for a Christmas Eve dinner meal with my guy and they only were serving a Christmas menu. Surprisingly, I was a tad underwhelmed with the food selections for the $55 per person price tag. So, decided to have a drink at the bar instead. Opted for a drink similar to the famed 2014 Esquire magazine drink of the year, Milk Punch, served at another restaurant in LA. The drink here was called Secret Knock, punch of house aged whiskey, green tea, lemon & clarified milk. Well, it was just meh. Although imitation is the best form of flattery, sometimes things fall a little short. After the initial sip, for a moment the drink was okay however, then I noticed a bitter mildly strong after taste. Was not a fan. I did find the presentation appealing as they had an ole fashioned looking medicine bottle that held the extra drink. Kinda cool.

Will put B&B back n my list for a non-holiday visit.
Very frustrating dinner experience. This is the first negative review that I've left, but I'd like to prevent other people from having the same experience that we did.

The food was great, but the service was the frustrating part. I took my fiancé there for his birthday on a Saturday night. We both have experience in the service industry and are some of the last people to complain at restaurants. Our server and the bartender or manager were the probably the main areas of concern. Our server didn't greet us until about 20 minutes after being seated, after we asked a busboy to flag him. My wine had a fly in it, which I don't particularly care that much. A manager/or bartender saw this and got me a new one. Our server gave my fiancé a drink menu on request after his drink had been finished for 20 minutes, and then stood in a corner talking to a table for about 20 minutes and never returned to take my fiancés drink order. When he finally returned we asked for the check. The fly wine wasn't comped. I explained that probably no one told him and he argued with me that I was given a new wine so what was the big deal. This is when I said it was our first dining experience there, and it was my fiancés birthday. He gave us a free piece of cake which was at least half decent. 

Expensive good food, but the service negates that.
Bartender Ray I believe ruined the experience at this place went up to order 6 celebratory shots still had a tab open was just going to pay cash he took the $100 bill walked away put it in his tip jar came back and said that there were shots on the bar which were there before I walked up.  Then he just walked away.  Manager appeared and made situation worse she returned the 100 bill but whole time was smirking, just not authentic trying to resolve situation and didn't apologize at all.  Granted I was yelling at the bartender because guy straight up got caught stealing.  I left but what's worse is my wife retrieved my final bill and the same bartender must of allowed other people to order on it or just over charged us 700+ dollars dude would of made more on tip.

Let this be no reflection of lowes hotel which did a fantastic job with my stay and all their service impeccable.  I don't know if the restaurant is theirs.
My friends and I went for happy hour and I feel pretty meh about it.

Pros:
+Charcuterie plate was very good. Great pate, cured meats, mustard and crusty bread.
+$5 cocktail special.
+Ample seating on comfy couches.
+Gorgeous interior.

Cons:
-Service was insanely slow and we had multiple waiters and it was hard to determine who to ask about why our food hadn't come in so long.
-You're a whiskey bar and your happy hour special drink is a vodka and pink lemonade?
-It's a hotel bar so the clientele is people still wearing their name tags from that conference at the convention center.
-I'm slightly opposed to the "pick two words and put an ampersand between them" method of naming bars. How am I supposed to remember which two words you picked with the likes of Bourbon & Branch, Crow & Pitcher, Pub & Kitchen, etc.?

Might be back but it wouldn't be my choice. There are better happy hour spots.
Bank & Bourbon has been around a few years now and never made it to my must-go list. I recently ended up there for a group dinner and had a solid experience.

Why the three? The service was on the slower side. It took 20 minutes to get a server to put in drink orders, and she'd disappear a bit throughout the meal. She didn't ask me if I wanted another drink until halfway through the meal, even when I had finished my first after the appetizers.

She did make a great recommendation for the cocktail. The Overnighter allowed me to have a taste of bourbon without committing to a full pour of strong liquor. It was sweet but had an enjoyable punch to it.

We ordered several appetizers- oysters, meatballs, butternut squash pierogis, goat cheese and potato roulade and a cheese plate. Half were stellar and the other half were standard. The meatballs and pierogis were the standouts. There wasn't enough of a variety of cheese in the cheese plate. I don't eat oysters frequently so can't speak to them. The goat cheese and potato roulade had a beer salad base that seemed more like tomatoes. 

The hands down best part of my meal was the seared duck. It had a crispness to the outside, fantastic flavor and minimal fat, which is obviously clutch for duck. I enjoyed the spiced lentils however didn't care for the root vegetables. The carrots could've been cooked more.

In lieu of dessert I had the harvest Zinfandel as my after dinner drink.

There were definitely parts of this meal to brag about like the duck, the meatballs, pierogis and drinks. However, with the Philly dining scene as hot as it is, you need to be the overall package.
My review is solely based upon customer service this is why: 

On Mother's Day I called to see if their was availability around 1pm, a young lady answered the phone and told me they had availability between 1-2 and I could feel free to stop in. Granted it was Mother's Day, I do know it was a last minute idea on my end. I walked in around 1:25 (10 minutes after I called) and asked for a party of two. I was told there was one seat at the bar available and they were fully committed. At that time, I looked around and saw mainly all smaller top tables were available. I made a second inquiry and was told they were reserved. If that was the true case I would've accepted but this is why I did not; as my boyfriend was also making the inquiry I logged on my open table account, and saw there was a 1:30,2 and 2:30 available. Kind of strange when the young man at the front just said they were fully committed until 5 pm. Hmmm... In fact, it was so odd that I commented to him, "sir could you please check again? Your open table states that their are several reservations available and your hostess did as well". He then responded that that was impossible because they shut their open table down the day before. Really you shut your open table down? Interesting. I even offered to show him what was online and he told me "I don't need to see" I think whoever this guy was very unprofessional and quite rude, the name is Daniel, the sad part is I think he is the manager. I thanked him for his time and he said "sorry try us another time" as I walked out. Icing on the cake why would I want to try you another time with an attitude like that? 

The other thing is, my boyfriend has been here a few times and said the food was good, unfortunately unless a new front of house is hired I won't be attempting to try it any time soon.

There are much better places in philly to try based in service this isn't one.
It's been only a few weeks since Bank and Bourbon's epic repeat Bourbon Bash. But after being blown away by their pastrami pork belly, I knew I had to return to try more than just their Secret Knock cocktail at Happy Hour. Full disclosure (Coincidentally, Loews' Director of PR, Jaimi Blackburn, reached out to see if I had wanted to stop by to have lunch with her.)

Bread Service

Meals here begin with rustic sourdough, served with with rich, room-temp (thankfully!) butter.

A native Philadelphian, CIA-trained Thomas Harkins is the Exec Chef at Bank and Bourbon. He's worked with numerous lauded chefs including Charlie Trotter, Mario Batali, and Jean Andre Charial. At Loews, Chef Harkins boasts a decade's worth of experience. And while he wasn't on hand for this meal, he did highly recommend the asparagus soup for us to start.

Asparagus Soup [$9]
Morels, goat cheese

At first sip, it was clear why. The depth of the asparagus essence was immediately apparent. I was surprised by the lightness of the soup, perfect to complement the weather as we finally transition to spring. The buttered, crisp croutons were a nice accent to each spoonful, offering contrasts in texture along with some richness.

Crispy Pork Belly Sandwich [$12]
Salsa verde, Parmesan, farm egg

And while the soup was great, I was almost embarrassed at my inability to contain my excitement with the pork belly sandwich. Grilled ciabatta housed thick slabs of unctuous pork belly, which were wonderfully crisped. The well-seasoned salsa verde provided a nice countervailing brightness to the heft of the pork, though the gooey farm-fresh egg brought each bite over the top.

The sandwich was accompanied by stellar rosemary-parmesan fries. Not at all limp, these spuds were perfectly crisp on the outside and soft within. The seasoning was spot on - cheesy, salty, and herbaceous.

Chef Harkins will be revealing his spring menu over the next few weeks so be sure to check it out! In the meantime, I'd make a beeline over to Bank and Bourbon, lest you risk the pork belly sandwich coming off the menu!
This cool place is located in the Philly Loews on Market Street. I was staying here for a work training and literally walked through the lounge area of this restaurant daily. 

On the evening of Thursday 07/19/18, around 8:50 PM I sat on the hotel side in the lobby part where it was comfy chairs and charging dock tables. 

It only took the waitress, Sorry I forgot her name, about 2 minutes to come over and welcome me and take my drink order and hand me a menu. I just came from eating and drinks at Warmdaddy's a little earlier so I just wanted dessert. 

I decided on the Chocolate Mocha Cake served with a latte ice cream and chocolate covered crunch cookie. And boy oh boy was it good. I mean really good. The cake was moist and fresh and rich. The ice cream was the perfect consistency and the right amount of coffee flavor. I was impressed and I ate it all. Lol 

I'll be back here next summer and I'll definitely try a meal. Nice place.
My husband and I are visiting Philadelphia for the weekend and decided on Bank & Bourbon because it seemed to be the only restaurant in Center City without a long wait, unfortunately we came to find out why. The experience started out okay, the front of house staff was friendly and got us seated quickly, but it was mostly downhill from there. Outside of the young lady keeping our water filled (who was also incredibly friendly) the service lacked much to be desired. We waited at least 10 minutes before we were even acknowledged by a server and once we were, the service was only bordering on friendly. We ordered the charcuterie board which, despite being more robust than was listed on the menu, was not the item on the menu and included a serving of walnuts (I am allergic to tree nuts) something our server never alerted us to or asked about (and I would not have asked as the full contents of the board were listed on the menu and nuts were not among them, provided was two cheeses and prosciutto). We each ordered a cocktail, and in addition to being poor in taste, taking forever to arrive, and coming out after our appetizer, they were full of ice, served in very small glasses, and clearly more mix than alcohol (at an average price of $13 we hoped for more). We ultimately decided not to complete our meal here past the appetizer and drinks (we finished half of the board and less than that of the drinks) . When we explained our concerns to the server, he did not apologize, he simply went to get our check. In theme with the rest of the experience, it was an extensive amount of time before he returned. While the drinks could be the design of the place, failure to address giving someone food containing a common allergen when there is no alert on the menu, is really not acceptable, particularly given the items' $20 price tag. I could not in good conscience (nor safely) recommend this establishment and would instead encourage you to pick a nice line to join in Center City or look around (we discovered several nice, open, restaurants just a block over, and wished we'd heeded the 3.5 star average review... trust your Yelp friends on this one and shoot for the stars).
I was staying downtown last week for a conference that was based out of the Loews Hotel that is attached to Bank and Bourbon. While I was here I had the opportunity to sit a the bar for drinks, reserved table to happy hour, and a sit down dinner. All three experiences were fantastic. I'm so happy I'm a local and can return another time. 

They have a fantastic bourbon selection. I settled on the Jefferson Small Batch for many of my drinks over the course of three days. :) I did sip on some of their specialty cocktails and they were quite good, but I was doing bourbon or prosecco. 

I had the on the Snacks menu the tartare, cheese board, taste of ham, and crispy meatballs. All were outstanding. You could easily just nosh on the cheese and ham and be content. However, that tuna tartare was so stinking good. I could have have two or three of those alone. Thankfully the people I was with ordered too many, I was able to eat quite a bit of it. 

I also had the dry aged burger on the bar menu and those came with parm rosemary crispy fries. 

For dinner one night I also ordered the grilled octopus and had the carrot salad. Both were the perfect size given the number of snacks we ordered. I loved the pistachios on the carrot salad. The octopus was perfectly cooked. 

Service was great no matter where I sat. Consistent, friendly service. This does not feel like a hotel bar/restaurant.
Carrots good but cold which was unexpected - the yogurt that accompanied was great. Also enjoyed the short rib starter, almost wished I wasn't splitting it. Displeased that both filet mignons at the table were served charred on the outside despite both asking for medium rare cook temp. For the price I find this unacceptable. 

The half chicken was massive I can't even imagine what the whole one is like! We enjoyed the apple pie for two and the coconut chocolate layer cake. Server was sweet but soft spoken in an irritating way. Attention to water refills was good and the sourdough bread for the table was fresh and tasty.
Ate breakfast here and was pleasantly surprised all around with my experience. The ambiance is clean, warm, and welcoming. The food is farm to table and healthy. I have been trying to stick to the ol' resolutions I made this New Year by eating better and eating more veggies. When I'm home, this means it's green smoothies in the morning for me. After being on the road for quite some time, I was desperate for a green smoothie and veggies. Although not on the menu, they were awesome enough to make one for me and even asked what vegetables I wanted and what I wanted to avoid. This was above and beyond and I'm just so appreciative to find a restaurant that will provide foods that are delicious, healthy, and actually good for you. In addition to the green smoothie I also ordered two eggs that were cooked perfectly and mixed fruit that was amazingly good...none of that pre sliced fruit that's been sitting in preservatives. A tasty, healthy option with a menu broad enough to accommodate those who also want meals that feel liked calorie splurges.
I was staying at the hotel for a work trip and ordered the half chicken and was blown away! Cooked to absolute perfection: juicy and savory with a crispy skin. So good I ate the whole thing.

I also ordered an Old Fashioned with a Canadian rye the bartender recommend. It was great.

The whole experience was fantastic and far better than I'd expected from a hotel restaurant. I'll come back for sure.
Good place to grab a drink and a snack.  Nice atmosphere for a business meeting or after work drinks, etc.  Service was ok and food was ok.  Better places in Philly for sure, depending on what you're looking for.  But for the price, the pomp and circumstance didn't quite live up to the expectation.  I'd say it's ok; but my personal opinion is that, for the experience, this place is over priced.  Didn't knock my socks off, but didn't completely suck either...‍
To sum it up...it was all right.
Stayed in a suite at Loews, and visited this bar most nights. The bartenders were all knowledgeable, friendly, and knew there liquors. 

I'd recommend the Edwin Booth if you're a gin fan, and the Secret Knock as the house favorite.

Bar seats about 8, but there is a huge lounge in the Loews hotel that seats almost 30 people. There are four large tvs in the lounge to watch espn.


We had a promo for $25/night comped to our room to be used at Bank & Bourbon so I'd recommend checking out those deals beforehand!

Convenient, comfortable, upscale.
While staying at the Loews Philadelphia Hotel for a conference, I frequented the Bank & Bourbon for drinks and appetizers largely out of convenience. This is a sleek and moody bar/restaurant located in an old bank building (hence the name). If you're a bourbon lover, you'll enjoy this spot for a beverage. 

The standout was not the drink or the food but rather the service and the people. Kevin (bartender) and Jasmine (server) greeted me and my coworker on night one of our conference and chatted us up on all things Philly and what's nearby. They left a fabulous first impression of the city that carried through our entire visit.
My boyfriend and I came here last night for our two year anniversary and we were very impressed by the food and the service. We both agreed that it was the best steak we'd ever had in Philadelphia. Our server and the water pourer were very attentive and pleasant and our water glasses never stayed empty. My boyfriend owns a high-volume restaurant in Philadelphia and has been in the business for over 20 years and we can both easily say that we received the best service here than any other restaurant in the city. 

Also our server recommended the pork belly as a starter and we had the walnuty apple pie and chocolate cake for dessert, they were all delicious. As someone who doesn't like too much chocolate the cake was the best I've ever had from a restaurant. I think we've finally found a place we will look forward to going back to. 

I should also add that the hostess was so kind to offer to take our picture as many times as we wanted and in our choice of lighting. Overall we were very pleased. Thank you to everyone at Bank and Bourbon for making our night so wonderful and memorable.
Came here recently for a family holiday dinner. 

If you were to ask me if anything was bad about the dinner, I most likely would not be able to provide a response. However, nothing really impressed me or stood out about my recent dining experience at Bank&Bourbon. 

We ordered the cheese plate for an appetizer which was the highlight of the meal for me. A variety of 4 cheeses served with fig, honey, grapes, and bread. Ordered the potato soup to start which was slightly bland and over salted ( for my personal taste)

Our entree was good. I split the cowboy steak (32oz cut) cooked medium rare (which they nailed - I get so disappointed when steak is over cooked). This was served with a small portion of fingerling potatoes with little to no seasoning and a small portion of vegetables. 

I ordered two cocktails which included an old fashioned ( my go-to drink that I judge all bartenders by ) and the trees knees. Both were OK but nothing to knock my socks off. 

The last thing I have to comment on is the service was very slow. Our server was lovely and polite but we went long gaps in between seeing her and at times had to wait for drinks (it was a busy saturday night). For my fiance and I this meal totaled $200. I just think there are better places to go for the money and better steak houses in the city. I may be cheap here but if I am spending that much money I want to be wowed.
I've been wanting to try Bank & Bourbon for awhile and restaurant week was the perfect time to do so.  We were able to make a last minute reservation for two on a Monday night to test out their 3 course menu. 

We were a little early so we sat at the bar and each got a drink. Their drink menu is extensive with the biggest list of whiskey/bourbon/scotch I've ever seen.  I prefer wine and had one of their cabernets which I really enjoyed. 

The wait staff was super efficient and knowledgable on the menu offerings, we were brought bread and butter that was delish. For starters I had their potato soup-this was the least exciting part of my meal.  The flavor was extremely lacking, but it had a good texture and crouton that came in it was enjoyable.  For my main I had the half of chicken with fingerling potatoes and some greens. Holy portions.  I couldn't believe the amount of food on my plate, I was able to share with my boyfriend who had the steak that was a much smaller portion, and have left overs for the next day.  As someone who rarely orders chicken out I was really pleased with how well the chicken was cooked and how delicious the sauce that came on it was.  The potatoes were cooked to a crispy perfection.  Despite being stuffed after my entree, the dessert came out and I couldn't get enough.  Their apple cobbler is something I would order over and over again.  

I'm really glad I was able to try them during restaurant week, and am interested in trying more things off of their extensive menu.
In my opinion, Bank & Bourbon was a Restaurant Week flop with inconsistent service, small meal portions, and subpar dessert options.

Must get: fresh fish of the day
Missed out: roasted chicken
Meh: desserts, soup, salad

My wife and I came here for restaurant week and were shocked by how readily available many of the time slots were. In terms of service, I will say that it was inconsistent at best. Some of the staff were incredibly friendly, others aloof and just dropped the bread and butter on our table like it was on fire. The place was nice overall, but it was definitely one of the loudest dining establishments that I've been to. Even as we sat at the far edge of the restaurant, we had to almost shout across the table. Speaking of which, we had really wanted to sit next to each other, and wrote that specifically on the reservation website, but despite it all, we were placed at a table where we could only sit across each other, and there were multiple other tables that were empty that could have accommodated our request.

The food, finally, in a nutshell was meh. My favorite was actually the fresh fish of the day, where it was served whole on a bed of grilled and seasoned herbs and vegetable. The soup and salad felt uninspired and really bland. And finally, the dessert was laudable: dry, oily, and tasted like it came from a microwavable box.

At the end of the day, this was definitely my least favorite restaurant week menu in Philly, and I've been to at least 10 over the past 2 years. They need to up their game before I would try it again.

Food: 2 stars
Service: 2 stars
Ambiance: 2 stars
Price: 3 stars
While staying at the Loews hotel on a work trip, about 15 of my colleagues and I enjoyed cocktails here. As indicated in their title, they specialize in bourbon. Their cocktail menu was creative without being overly pretentious. I would have licked to see cocktail offerings with a few more affordable options as the base price seemed to be $13. Our server for the group seemed to handle the multiple requests well and relatively quick given the size of the group. My review is based on cocktails, not on their food, so I don't feel I'm able to offer 5 starts without a fuller experience.
I have been wanting to try this place for some time and being that it's restaurant week I decided to go here for a night out. The decor and the feel of the restaurant inside was very nice. They easily have over 100 different bourbons and whiskeys to chose from, as well as an extensive wine list. They give you the option of still or sparking water when you sit down, which I enjoyed. The bread that they give you when you sit down is phenomenal. I wish I had more of it. 

The food:
Since we did restaurant week we both had 3 courses. My first course was the Hamachi, which is something I've never had before. It was raw fish, apples, radish and other ingredients. It was very flavorful and the perfect amount to eat before an entree. I would definitely eat it again. 

My main course was the flat iron steak which was cooked exquisitely. It had a lot of flavor and the spinach purée on the side was tasteful as well. 

For dessert I had the German chocolate cake. It was very rich and had a lot of coconut to it. I'm not the biggest fan of coconut but I decided to give it a try. With that in mind, I still enjoyed the cake. 

I definitely want to come back and dine here again to try more of their food. We both really enjoyed our dinner and left satisfied.
Based on the reviews, this can be a hit or miss experience. My son and I took a quick road trip to Philly and stayed at the Lowes Hotel. The restaurant was opened so we thought it would be nice to visit. We didn't have reservations but we were seated immediately because it wasn't too busy. I was somewhat surprised that there weren't a few salad entrees to select from. I landed on the trout (which had arugula on top) and my son got the hanger steak. (The gentleman that kept refilling our glasses and brought us our food was very friendly - I gave him an extra tip on the side ). When our server came to check on us I told him that my son's steak was over cooked and tough. It was supposed to be med-well. It took a little longer than expected for him to eventually say that  he could have them bring another one out. The manager came over to check on us and ensured that a fresh plate was coming out. Both of our meals were delicious! I had ordered the blueberry hand pie for us to share. However, for our trouble he gave me a complimentary slice of the Philadelphia cheesecake. We left the restaurant happy and with our bellies full!
My friend was visiting from our of town and wanted to go to brunch. I don't usually suggest places/make reservations without research but that's what I did in this case...and I was totally ok with my experience.

I didn't know it was going to be buffet style but there are 2 tiers of buffet options in addition to the a la carte options. The buffet is definitely cost effective and satisfying (continental...which I don't see often except for in hotels, which this happens to be, haha). Really lacking in a la carte options, the list was miniscule...but the a la carte desserts and delicious, especially the carrot cake doughnut. It's a cheat meal for sure but worth it, more of a straight up cake than a doughnut, complete with the ice cream. 
Was also pleasantly surprised by the cocktails. Delicious. 

The restaurant is spacious and I saw quite a few groups, large groups, like 8 and more. That's cool since a lot of places can't comfortably accommodate that many. 

I think the fact that this place opens early even on the weekend is a plus (it probably does that because it is in the hotel) 

The service is ok...I had one absolutely amazing server, very attentive without being intrusive (I wish I remembered her name to shout her out) but the others were simply ok, not terrible. 

The bathrooms are the hotel bathrooms.
Not a good place if you are hungry.  This is an order of yellowtail (can you see it?...a piece of admittedly tasty fish the size of a thumb-drive, lying by itself on a rather large plate).  And it is pouring outside...the only place to eat in the Loews hotel.  This after I had told the bartender I was very hungry.
I was at Bank & Bourbon with a group of 8. This spot wasn't my pick and I wasn't looking forward to it. I was basically dragged there so I hoped for the best. Unfortunately, it was just as bad as I imagined. We were sitting in lobby area that was off to the side of the restaurant. The worst part of this sitting area is that the there were a set of double doors that kept opening when anyone walk anywhere near them. This would let in the terrible cold draft. We pointed this out to our server, but it wasn't addressed while we were there.

Overall, the service was slow, the drinks were expensive and it can be really drafty.
While staying at the Loew's Philadelphia Hotel for a recent conference, I stopped into Bank & Bourbon on multiple occasions. The atmosphere of the restaurant/bar is very nice considering the caliber of the Loew's Hotel whose lobby happens to be attached. Seating inside the restaurant was ample and I love how the bar area features tables and comfortable chairs and sofas for guests to sit on and relax. If you happen to be from out of town, it also becomes a great place to get work done while sitting at a table with your laptop. 

As far as the food is concerned, it was very enjoyable. I ordered a pork belly dish that was cooked to perfection with a side of truffle fries. The waitress was attentive and actually gave me a little space since I happened to be dining by myself and looking over my conference manual in anticipation of the next day's events. My main complaint is that the chicken dish I originally wanted to order was not available as they had sold out of it for the night. In my opinion, a restaurant at that level should never run out of any item on any night. Especially not chicken, which the couple next to me also attempted to order as well. 

As far as the drinks are concerned, I took the opportunity to order a black berry drink that featured their house made bourbon. It did not disappoint. Just sipping it, you could tell that all of the ingredients were artisanal and fresh. Since this is what I expect out of a drink that roughly costs $15 for a few ounces, I was satisfied with my purchase. 

Overall, I would recommend Bank & Bourbon if you find yourself in downtown Philadelphia. Even though you will pay more for what you get, you can tell the restaurant is focused on quality ingredients.
Absolutely amazing time here. We came down to Philly for the weekend and were having trouble finding a place to grab drinks - some of the places in the area had a power outage and closed for the night. We happened to pass by here while walking around. 

We spoke to the host Kirk about grabbing a couple cocktails for my birthday. and at the moment he didn't have any seating available in the lounge available for just drinks. However, he was super accommodating and managed to squeeze us in at one of the tables they had in the dining section. 

Our waiter Edgar came over immediately and brought us water for the table. We were then able to order our drinks- I ended up ordering A Dustland Fairytale, which is tequila based. It was tart and strong without being too much. They were surprised us with a cheesecake and a candle, which was incredibly kind and generous of them. 

One of the things I liked most about Bank & Bourbon was the incredibly accommodating staff. We got some weird looks from people because we weren't dressed as nicely as other guests as we stopped in here randomly and we weren't ordering dinner, but the staff never made us feel out of place. The little details of bringing a cake and candle and Edgar being so attentive to us the entire time really just made the experience here truly special.
Stopped here for a cocktail before leaving town. I remember when this place was "Sole Food" and it was ok but unforgettable. The changes were definitely a good move as the new set up is open and inviting the bar and servers are welcoming. 

Service was great. The bourbon list is on point. I wish I had time to try the oysters but will be sure to make a point of it next time around. 

Overall a must do near the convention center. Can't wait to try the food.
I like this venue a lot.  It was my first time here and one thing I noticed is how attentive the staff was.  The food itself was excellent.  I came here for lunch on restaurant week and really enjoyed my experience here.  

The interior of the establishment is very nice and has a great natural wood feel to it.  It is well-decorated and makes for a delightful dining experience.  They start you off with a selection of bread to choose from (These are always my favorite types of spots).  The food itself was well-made and was certainly tasty.   It is good for a business meal as well due to its location.  I would say that at least half of the diners there were here for business.   

I am a big fan of the vegetable soup with the shortrib.  It's very tasty and is quite picturesque when you receive it.I ordered the flat iron steak at a medium temp for the entree.  It was a tasty piece and was well-cooked, but I was definitely not feeling the salad at all.  I had to force myself to eat it.  This is only because of the types of greens they had in there which lent a sharp taste to it.  The dessert was a soft cake with a maple ice cream.  The ice cream itself is quite amazing!  Otherwise, everything was great.

I definitely plan to come back here again.
Stopped in for dinner and sat at the bar.  Very friendly staff gave me a menu and glass of water pretty quick.  I ordered the Dry Aged Burger which comes with poblano peppers, cheddar cheese and a green herb sauce with a side of fries. This was one of the best burgers I've had in a long time.  Hope it stays on the Menu for they next time I'm in Philly.
I have been here twice thus far. My most recent experience prompted me to write a review. I was attending a private event which they had arranged to have a private cash bar. I was early to arrive and the prices had not yet been posted but the bartender said that I could order a drink. Since I had been here before, I knew the drink prices were high and expected to pay premium The bartender told me to come back later and pay for the drink once he knew the prices. I came back 5 minutes later and was told my gin and tonic was $21.50. I was quite surprised. I wish I had taken a picture of the drink price list to post on Yelp!. A glass of wine was $24 and most standard beers were $14. In his defense, the bartender apologized and stated he didn't realize it would be that high. I asked how much drinks were at their regular bar to which he replied he didn't know. Subsequently, I went to their regular bar and discovered that drink prices out there were nearly  1/2 as much. A decent glass of wine was $14 for example. I asked why they had such a discrepancy in prices and was not offered any explanation. I felt bad for the bartender working the private bar as news quickly spread throughout the event that cheaper drinks could be obtained at the public bar. This experience left a bad taste in my mouth and I won't be going back to Bank and Bourbon anytime soon.
Nice little breakfast spot inside the Lowe's Hotel. Definitely seems like the best place on Market Street east of City Hall, which can be a little gritty.  Also directly across from the Convention Center so good for an informal business meeting.

Frittata was solid. I actually couldn't finish it and, at $13.50, a much better deal than the buffet at $35. They also have a few heavier items (e.g., burger) and salmon on the breakfast menu, both of which I could see being welcomed by European visitors still on a time zone 5+ hours ahead.

Overall, a worthwhile spot.
One of the best brunch places I've ever been to in my life! My husband and I had a nice Sunday brunch on Labor Day and it was incredible. The staff was very accommodating and super friendly. This was a holiday and there were tons of people from the festival/ visiting for the weekend but everyone was helpful and immediately took care of us. The service was fantastic and the good was delicious. I highly recommend this place to anyone wanting a high quality meal and service. It is not a "cheap eat" but it is worth it! The lobby/ Lowes hotel is right next to the resultant giving it a fancy feel but it really is just gorgeous indoor and a nice feel. I will be turning on my next Philadelphia trip!

There are tons of shops/ places to visit nearby. It's a great place right in the middle of the city.
Wholly unimpressed with the hostess and reservation staff.  For such a trendy and expensive spot, they have amateurs running the hostess stand. 

I made a reservation weeks in advance for thanksgiving. We not only had trouble confirming the reservation but also encountered odd behavior and service upon arrival. 

Once we were seated we had great service and a fairly delicious meal. The food was definitely edging on trendy modern cuisine. I had prosciutto wrapped pirogues, salmon, and a fruit tart available on the $49 prefixed menu. 

Was the meal worth the $49? No. But the food was very good and the trendy southern chic decor didn't hurt.
Meal ordered: Duroc pork chop, market salad, and ice cream sandwich.

Pros: 1) Service was excellent here. The waitstaff were attentive, but not overly so. 2) The starter salad was also excellent and flavorful. 3) The ice cream sandwich was by far the best part of the meal. Everything is homemade in the restaurant with the exception of the bread, but this vanilla ice cream was outrageously good, and the cookie along with the caramel both made this dish perfection. The ice cream sandwich was by far the best thing I ate in Philadelphia during my four-day trip.

Cons: 1) The pork chop was very dry. The greens and sauce were great, but couldn't make up for the fact that the chop was tough and chewy.

Summary: GO FOR THE DESSERTS!!!! THEY'LL BLOW YOUR MIND!!!
A great little bourbon bar.  We didn't stop for the food, but only to try two bourbons we've never had, so we went strictly with the recommendation of the bar tender.  I wish I could recall his name, but he was very knowledgeable.  Even more important is the fact I was buying and I didn't want to break my wallet and expressed it to the bar keep.  My buddy loves the sweeter bourbons, so I let him talk.  

So he recommended the "best bourbon for your buck!" He set us up with Calumet Farm ($18) - bottled from hand selected barrels, Calumet has a customary mash bill of corn, rye and malted barley that offers a sweet, flawless finish. Glowing with butterscotch and soft oak, Calumet's harmonious perfection of wood and caramel is admirably balanced with complex flavors of light brown sugar and soft white pepper.  

Damn straight it was exactly what we expressed to our barkeep that we were looking for!  At $18 a glass, it was excellent.  

This how good this barkeep was - I told him to recommend something that has a bit of sweet for my friend, while accommodating the "bite" I enjoy in a good bourbon.  He recommended Woodford Reserve Double Oaked ($20) and he delivered! Only hell Batman, it delivered a bite that I enjoy, but it settles into a sweet mellowness that relaxes the senses.  

Ok, so I only had two bourbons and no food, but given the atmosphere, the barkeeps knowledge and his willingness to be a part of our experience, making it about us more than anything else, coupled with attentiveness, I;m going 5-Ass Stars! 

We simply had a great night.
My wife and I stopped in on St Patrick's day for a late dinner last night.  I have been here before but had not reviewed the restaurant.

The service is great. The food is solid.  This is my third visit and the food is consistently fantastic.  I hesitate to give it one more star because it is a hotel restaurant, and as such, it tends to attract business travelers and people just looking for a quick meal.  The menu caters to that crowd.  Having said that, the food is carefully prepared and the drinks are crafted with care.  The bourbon, rye and whiskey list is extensive.  My wife splurged and had a hard-to-find glass of Whistle Pig Boss Hog that was as tasty as some of the best single malt or craft bourbons out there today (it hails from VT).

The steak was expertly cooked and the service was prompt and attentive.  The bar is long and seats many diners (we enjoy eating at the bar vs getting a table).  It can be loud (there were many convention attendees there) but not overwhelming (the space is large but not cold.  It's thoughtfully designed).

Overall, a good dining experience and an excellent place to grab a unique drink.
One star for the decor. My husband and I walked in mid afternoon, the bartender told us to sit wherever we wanted...and that ended it. We sat for about 15 minutes. Three other customers were in the restaurant. The bartender appeared to be doing routine chores, another employee was looking at us on and off while he placed ice in containers, and two people were working in the kitchen. We received no service, not even "sorry  someone will be with you..." We moved on to another restaurant, gladly spent about $80 on food and good wine...elsewhere. We live and work in Center City, but will not return to Bank and Bourbon. Too many great options to tolerate no/poor service.
A 4 for now because I didn't sample any of the food. But from its barrel aged whiskey program and the ability to watch a chillax and watch a big screen TV in the lounge with a bar snack, to a better than decent beer menu and a well rounded menu that's a step above the typical gastropub theme; Bank & Bourbon definitely succeeds at being a step above the regular hotel bar expectancy.

I found that out during the end cap of my stay at Loews (review coming later.). But I was long aware of the prospect when I saw the construction and marveled over the prospect of another solid whiskey bar in Philly. This one delivered amicably when I ordered the sweet yet troublesome if ordered in excess Northeast Regional which combined Buffalo Trace with absinthe and Art in the Age's Root. while I was disappointed to find it aged in the barrel as the menu touted, the Monkey Shoulder whiskey from the bottle proved to be a smooth blend of decadence. Add in beers and ciders from the likes of Troegs, Crispin, and Dogfish Head, and you have a well rounded bar assortment.

With an extensive lineup of bourbons, ryes, and international whiskey on hand; and menu that touts things like multiple varieties of oysters, steakhouse classics, a solid burger, and a locally sourced cheese plate. and you have a bar that's a perfect destination for a whiskey event. wink wink nudge nudge to Erin C.!
Stopped by during PAX Unplugged for dinner on day one and I have to say, the salmon dish was lovely and a nice break from otherwise "bad for you" fare at other restaurants. The space is great (being inside of a Loews is never a bad thing) and the service was also quite nice. The drinks were average, maybe even below average, but I didn't mind as much as I normally would since I was just enjoying the company of a friend. I'll come back here if I come back to Philly and staying near the convention center since gamers probably won't want to spend this kind of money for a quick bite!
Checked out this place before a comedy show as we were walking by. Very limited menu options. Our waiter was not very attentive. After taking our drink and food order, we only saw him as he went to other tables. 

We ordered the Parmesan rosemary fries and the crispy meatballs to share. The Parmesan rosemary fries were just fries with Parmesan. We didn't taste or see rosemary. They were also room temperature. The crispy meatballs were stuffed with raclette cheese, kale pesto, and parmesan. These were decent but not worth getting again. 

Would not recommend this restaurant based on the service, limited menu, and food quality and taste.
While staying at the Loews hotel for my reunion we decided to have brunch here before heading home.  The restaurant was empty, and I mean there were only 2 other tables and 1 or 2 people at the bar on a Sunday late morning.  That should have been our first indication.  Given how empty it was, there was plenty of staff on hand, and 2 hostesses.  Sadly, service was abhorrent.  We constantly had to flag our waiter down to order drinks, to order food, for water, and for refills on coffee.  Not to mention, the food took forever to come out.  It's breakfast food, so nothing takes more than 10 minutes to cook, but we waited 45+ minutes to get our food.  When the food did come my friend's omelette was all wrong and she had to send it back and the rest of our food was less than great.  There are so many great restaurants in Philadelphia, especially for brunch.  I would definitely pass on this place at all costs.
The ambiance  and vibe of the restaurant is classy yet casual.  The menu items are a little pricey. I wanted the filet mignon but my boyfriend and I decided to just share different appetizers. Got the tuna tartare it was delicious, remarkable flavor. The cheese and fruit platter and the pappardelle pasta with tomatoes and crab was amazingly good! Got pretty stuffed on these items. 
Enjoyed the rustic yet modern feel of this place. It's located at the Loews Hotel in Philly. Good for groups or for dates.  Reliable place to go. Service a little spotty, had to call the attention of the waiter a few times but still an enjoyable dining experience!
Reviews only for the bar. Pricy but worth it.. Nice stiff drinks! They make a mean Manhattan here... Great ambiance
The service was prompt, and the service friendly.  If you are there for lunch, order the salmon salad. It is light and delicious.  The bread on the tables is also fresh and crunchy.  We tried to go back later in the week but there was a 40 minute wait!  Too bad, because I was really psyched about another salad.
Pretty cool spot for a good dinner. 

We like people watching so sitting in the corner booth was a blast as the wrap around glass window offers a fantastic view! It is however a cold place to sit in winter, so maybe don't check your coat upon arrival. 

All of our food was perfectly done. The steaks were perfect and the salmon was spectacular. The creme fresh that comes with the salmon is more like a dollop of sour cream so thankfully it's on the side. 

The wine list is substantial but very expensive. There is a plethora of high end and over priced wines and hardly any moderate and inexpensive bottles to choose from. Were not much for bourbon so their expertise (presumed from the name of the place) would be lost on us unfortunately! 

Being inside the lowes hotel the place is immaculate and the bar actually extends into the lobby area where 4 enormous tv's are broadcasting sports. This would be a great spot for drinks! The happy hour drink menu is very limited to a red, white and whiskey sour so don't come running in for that!
Great brunch spot! We had 6 in our party on a sat morning and were seated promptly despite no reservations. Our waiter was quick and informative. The coffee was fresh and delicious! We also had a round of bloody Mary's that were spectacular!! I had their Brioche French toast which was amazing!! I am looking forward to returning and trying out their dinner menu
Friendly and attentive service. Love the new look except for the placement of the TVs at the bar? You have to be ten feet away from them to see anything. 
Cheese platter was excellent. Also had the tuna sandwich - it was ok. Loved the rosemary parm fries that accompanied it. Def a good place for lunch and seems to be a good happy hour spot at the bar.
Stayed at the Loews for two nights and had food and beverage credit so we had breakfast/brunch here for two days. 

The ambiance here is really rustic and cute, and the service was pleasant. During the course of our stay, we tried the following dishes:

- Blueberry sour cream pancakes
- Sharp cheddar cheese omelette
- Corned beef hash & eggs
- Steak & eggs
- Applewood smoked bacon
- Smoked pork loin

Our favorites were probably the pancakes and corned beef hash. A lot of restaurants will dice up your corned beef so that it turns into a mush with the hash, but bank and bourbon serves their corned beef in sizable chunks. I personally think that I like it better this way because I was able to actually taste the texture and quality of the corned beef and properly enjoy it with their amazing potatoes.

Yelp gives this restaurant three dollar signs ($$$), which might deter some people away but IMO I think their breakfast/brunch is in the $$ range. Definitely worth a visit!
Located inside of the Lowes Hotel on Market Street in Center City Philly. Met a coworker for a quick drink and was pleasantly surprised. It's a trending little bar. 

I ordered a Moscow mule and snacked on some Parmesan fries and Brussels sprouts... YUMMY! 

My coworker fell in love with the bartender mostly because he made the drinks so well. Defiantly plan to visit for dinner and see what they working with. ;)

Happy Eating and drinking!
Misleading people,
I was just visiting Philadelphia over the weekend when my family and I saw that place. We saw that on the front windows they have lots of stickers with food written on. The one that get my attention was "mussels". So we just walked in to have lunch. The waitress came and I asked for mussels as you can guess. She told me that they do not make mussels here. I said well I saw the sticker on the front window. She told me that a sticker isn't a menu.
So I left, walked 2 blocks and had wonderful food at the amazing market that offers lot of kind of delicious food.
My family stayed at the restaurant and they had food. They told me that their meal were really average.
New spot at the Loews - amazing transformation worth a visit!

It's nice...and could get 4 stars in the not too distant future. First, the space...what an amazing transformation of the now tired Sole Food restaurant. Masculine use of wood, lots of sight lines, a central bar that wraps around from the dining room side to the now lounge-y hotel lobby...really, really nice makeover. 

The staff is good and seemingly getting better. A few great holdovers from the previous staff hold things together (Thanks Melissa, Drew, Brian and Jacob) and a few new additions really seem to be adding to the polish and the service levels. 

It wasn't until my second visit, however, that I realized...I'm struggling with the menu...there are considrably less "attractive" options than I thought there might be. In the snacks, I had oysters (kumumoto's that night), which were great. But other choices include steak tartare, a taste of ham, chicken liver duck parfait and a charcuterie plate. Not a whole lot here screaming my name. Then there are just 5 starters...I've tried the corn and snap pea salad which was good if not somewhat simple...and the pastrami beef short rib...it was way more about the pastrami than the short rib for me...and slightly salty...but not bad. Entrees are about the same...limited number of choices and some of them that you just can't get excited about. I've had the burger off that side of the menu, which is very good...but then some steaks get into the $30's and $40's and I'm not going there on an average week night out.

Definitely worth a visit...hopefully the menu will continue to evolve, bumping this rating up...and no matter what, this place is a vast improvement over what's been here before, so let's support what could be a great new dining addition to CC.
Bank and Bourbon did not fully let me down. Seeing as I will be staying here a lot this year due to weddings, I will most likely be returning. 

The food was great. I have zero complaints there. I had French toast and it was delicious. 

Servers were friendly and helpful. Unfortunately the biggest problem was with inaccuracy. We asked for coffee, and waited, waited, and waited. Asked for it twice. Watched the server bus tables next to us. They never brought out an oj ordered, and made an error on a food item. 

The lighting and decor are great and I would say it is appropriate for special occasions. 

Everything was resolved and I would return. It was not a bad experience.
Awesome name and I expected nothing short of awesomeness.  Glad that I was only  here for a party.  The food was quite unappealing.  We got the awesome party room on the side and I was impressed by how beautiful this place looked.  High ceilings, lovely decor; again, awesome name, etc.   

I had some bacon wrapped somethings, some soup, very cold and undercooked vegetables, and cheese and bread.  The bread tasted stale and the vegetables were worse than what I cooked as a 7 year old.  I had lots of free drinks so by my 4th drink the food tasted better, but you can say that about almost anyplace.  

Not a bad place for a party, but those that had dinner said they were underwhelmed.  If you think about this when you are in town, think about a better place to go.
This is a restaurant week review. I went for the $35 3-course dinner.

I ordered the Taste of Ham as my appetizer which was 2 pieces of toasted bread, goat butter spread and ham. This was a very fairly portioned appetizer -- there was plenty of ham. The ham was salty which paired with the bread very well. The goat butter had a very strong taste, but delicious. 

I ordered the Lancaster chicken which was HUGE. I can't complain about the serving size at all because it was 3-4 pcs of chicken, a bed of greens and a side of potatoes in one huge bowl. The taste was very well marinated so there was strong flavor with each taste. The chicken was juicy and easy to eat. Not dry at all!

My friend had the flat iron steak which I tried as well. It was very juicy and cooked to our liking. However, the texture was just a bit chewier than I expected. (Del Frisco's still stands as best steak so far for me!)

Dessert was key like pie. This was my favorite part. The key lime was flavorful but not too sour from the key lime flavor -- they drizzled some strawberry sauce over and around the cake to tone down the tart taste of key lime. Absolutely delicious! The crust was just perfect in combination with the extra strawberry sauce too!

The atmosphere of this restaurant is what really impressed me. It's beautiful. Loungey chairs and booths, comfortable seating, intimate and cozy lighting. The lights are beautiful too. The utensils and plates are all similar themed but intentionally mismatched for a quaint feel. I love it! 

Tip: When you call, this restaurant is connected to the Loews Hotel so make sure you ask to be directed to the restaurant. 

The bathroom is actually the hotel lobby bathroom so you will need a hotel card from any waiter in order to get in. It's a bit of a walk, but you get to see the beautiful hotel lobby!
I took a lovely young lady here to get out of the thunder storms and it was such a nice time! I have been here before for dinner as well. I remember it being very expensive but it was also pretty tasty. Besides, what should I have expected from a business hotel at 12th and market?

I distinctly remember the tuna tartare being very delicious. It was nice and cold and also tasted very fresh, which is critical when it comes to raw fish.

On my most recent visit we didn't actually come to for dinner but we just wanted to hang out. I ordered some coffee and some bread and got a cocktail for her. The service was very friendly and smiley. I really appreciated it. At one point a young child sat on the back of our couch, which was rude as heck, but I can't blame the restaurant since we were in the hotel part. Service was quick! The total bill was about $24, which I thought was a lot for one cocktail and one coffee and a few pieces of bread. I'd go back though! I really like the atmosphere and I think the location is great.
Came here during restaurant week for lunch.  I ordered the warm corn salad, fried chicken sandwich, and the chocolate cake.  

The meal starts off with sliced bread and butter.  The corn salad was sweet, salty from the park, and you could taste the freshly cracked black pepper.  Unfortunately, it probably came with half a cob (50 kernels) and I finished the plate with a few spoonfuls. 

The fried chicken sandwich was really disappointing. It was a thin piece if chicken, which made the chicken dry.  I wouldn't order this again.  The fries were good and probably the only highlight.
Ambiance is great. Restaurant is in the Loews hotel which used to be a bank.  Very cozy and good date night spot or good place for drinks after a date.  Various bourbons and a good selection.  Offers wine as well as beer and other cocktails.  Service is 5 star.  Bartender is attentive!
This is a review of having drinks in the lounge area, not eating a meal.  We sat down and were waited on almost immediately by Amanda, who was familiar with what they had at the bar and brought us our drinks quickly.  Hotel bars tend to be somewhat overpriced but this isn't a complaint because we could have gone somewhere else if it was a big problem.  Bank & Bourbon delivered what we expected and we left happy.
I had a group (5) join me for a business lunch.  While the food was fine and the service adequate.  When the Bill came the waitress did not inform me that a 20% was added to the Bill for a large party.  Did not know 5 was considered a large party.  Anyway, as often when you are in business lunch you look at the top copy (Merchant Copy) and base your tip from that.  I tipped a generous 20%.   When I returned home to record my expense report , I noticed that there was a Tip included so I tipped on top of the establishment tip.  I call to have this adjusted and after 45 minutes on hold was told they could not make any adjustments but could transfer the additional tip to another personal card.  It turns out waitress made a whooping 50% tip off me.  Will not return!!
Came here for lunch this week and had a great meal. Everything was good - well cooked, well seasoned, great service - but nothing really blew me away. My steak was perfectly cooked, the parmesean fries were great and I really enjoyed the bread pudding dessert. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the french onion soup. The flavor was good, but my favorite part of FO soup, is the melted cheese on top. This didn't have that - there were just a few few shreds of cheese on top, which melted into the soup. It tasted good, but was really missing the cheese. Otherwise, a solid meal!
A good place for a good steak, and a nice drink.  The bartenders are always very attentive.  They have a very nice selection of Bourbon, and interesting cocktails.  The filet mignon is delicious.  The carrots that come with the steak are actually my favorite part. The bar staff will have to give you a key card for bathroom access if you're not a hotel guest, but it's definitely a nice bathroom.  A nice date spot!
Me and my boyfriend drove up from Maryland for a little get away from our quarantine baby girl, and my pre birthday celebration. We stayed at the canopy and decided to eat here since it was one block over. I myself am a server and my boyfriend has a great job. When I tell you we felt 100% profiled in this establishment. Our server (older white bald gay gentleman) was very rude, didn't introduce himself, took our order and never came back to the table. I had to wave him down for the check. Anytime I dine which I do often I always tip abundantly, but in this instance I couldn't leave a tip whatsoever it was just a terrible experience for our first time up here. Food was decent but with the service I will never come back or recommend this place to anyone ever
Really good food, great for kids. We were trying to just find anywhere in the area for a place that can deal with young kids. Compared to Hard Rock or Chili's, this was amazing. Loved the service too. Edgar was an excellent waiter. 

It is a little expensive for entrees so we just ordered a bunch of apps and they were excellent.
When you want to have a nice meal, but still feel relaxed. Price point is reasonable and the menu is rather inventive. All of the appetizers are delicious: barrata, rosemary fries, cauliflower...you really cant go wrong. However, my roasted duck entree was a little sub-par and I was not won over by the flavors. There was a lot going on on the plate - many different sauces, fruits, textures. Needless to say it became a little busy. 

For dessert I sampled the mint chocolate sundae which was average, but the bourbon maple pie was TO DIE FOR. It tasted more like an apple cobbler and I couldn't detect any maple flavor but it was definitely my favorite part of the meal.
I had the duck breast.  Dinner mate had the haddock.  Both were filling but not too.  Good service & handy to Market St hotels. Waving homeless man who wanted to join us was a plus.
Wow. Waited forever for an awfully disappointing meal. Breakfast has to be the easiest meal to prepare which makes it all the more surprising when it's done so horribly. Omelette was puny. Sausage was over cooked and dry. Potatoes we practically raw.  No Bueno
I just had a fantastic dinner and couldn't be more pleased with my experience here. Everything was delicious, from the appetizers to the specialty cocktails. I had the lamb plate & loved everything on it, esp the perfectly crisp belly. The pea perogies were another highlight of our meal. The presentation of the food & drinks was also beautiful. Service was on point and prompt. Our server checked on us regularly without being too intrusive. Despite the upscale & posh look of the restaurant, the service was very friendly and laid back - not stuffy at all. I would definitely come back!
Service never stopped...everyone was there to make your meal enjoyable.  Great atmosphere.  Had the Lancaster Chicken & it was awesome... Highly recommend!  Look forward to returning!
Stayed over night at the Lowes hotel. Went to the bar to have a drink and some apps. Bar was not crowded maybe 6 people. Took him 3 min to even acknowledge my wife and I. Weak.    When asked about apps gave some choices very half heartedly. Weak.  We got the ham plate and cheese plate. Good. Did not ask his they were. When we ordered my wife's drink he assumed I wanted the same thing even though I asked specifically about the whiskey. Maybe he was just having a bad afternoon buy we did not eat there again during our stay. Good luck. Hopefully the service is better in the restaurant.
A great dining experience. The food was excellent and the service fantastic. It is a beautiful restaurant and we intend to go there regularly.
This review is based on cocktails only.
They were delicious.
The end.
JK I have a little more. The restaurant itself is beautiful though I was partial to the bar area, not only because, duh, its the bar.. but because they had this cool, comfortable, seating area with couches and a big huge TV showing football.  I had a martini and my date had one of their fancy cocktails. Both were delightful. The service was great as well, despite a busy saturday night.  For whiskey & bourbon people: they have a huge collection and extensive tasting menu....
Fantastic new restaurant inside the Loews hotel. Delicious craft cocktails . The staff and management is very professional too
Got the cheese plate, fries, and a mule.  The cheese plate was ho-hum.  Fries were decent but it would have been nice to get more of the rosemary flavor throughout.  I make better mules at home.  Service was _extraordinarily_ slow.

Parking at the attached Loews garage was $10.  They told us we had a 2-hour limit and we were there for maybe 2.5 hours but had zero issues.
Great service, great food, nice restaurant design. Jose was an attentive and friendly server! The biscuits with brunch were awesome! Also, get the bourbon donuts! Nice spot.
We went in on New Years Day around 3:30 PM. The bar was mostly empty, so we easily got a seat at the small bar in the lounge. Waited 5 minutes before we got greeted. We were starving, but only the small bar menu was being offered. We ordered drinks and an order of french fries. The bloody Mary's were mediocre (wasn't expecting them to be amazing, but could have been better). The fries however took 25 minutes to come out. We asked several times why they were taking so long and it was blamed on the food runner. When they finally arrived they were cold and greasy. We were planning on staying for dinner, but instead paid our bill and went elsewhere.
The food was excellent, especially the steak and bread pudding. My drink was great but I only got 1 because we barely saw the waiter and never got the fries we ordered. It was a friday night during restaurant week but they were significantly under-staffed.
Wow - this place was a pleasant surprise. The food was very, very good. We had the oysters, charred corn and sugar snap pea salad, halibut, roasted chicken, grits, and asparagus/fava/fresh pea side dish. Everything was tasty, nicely portioned, and well seasoned. The standout for us were the veggies - so fresh and perfectly cooked to crisp tender. Oh, and the desserts were also very memorable - we had the goat cheese parfait and the strawberry rhubarb pie.

As others have mentioned, the service was disorienting as there were so many people coming to the table and not identifying themselves, which left us confused at times. First, someone came with water. Then someone else came with bread. Then someone else came and asked if we wanted bar drinks and walked away, but never identified himself as our server, so we thought he was just a bar guy. It finally became clear that this was indeed our server, but it never really felt like it. He would appear and disappear in very rapid, abrupt ways, sometimes not letting us finish our sentence. Sure, he was friendly, but we have just preferred a smoother, polished, more relaxed interaction with the server, instead of trying to engage with someone acting like he drank 10 Red Bulls.

We will definitely return because the food was terrific. Hopefully, the service will smooth out as time goes on.
We stayed at the Loews and ventured down to bank and bourbon for dinner and drinks.  The staff seemed friendly and efficient. The drink menu  has a lot of whiskey and bourbon drinks but not a lot of other liquors. The signature drinks were very good, also not a lot to choose from. I had the oopsie daisy, it was a nice summery drink.  This is a new establishment so the drinks menu will probably grow over the summer time. However the food was very good we were all happy with our choices. The pork chop was tender and juicy alone it the half chicken dish. The salad I ate had a little spice kick with pecans so it was an interesting mix. The prices are on the high side but at least there was quality and quantity involved with the meals.
Rating based on service. Ordered Ahi Tuna and beet salad. No cooking required and only 4 tables in restaurant. Why is my food taking so long?... Probably because manger, wait staff and hostess too busy chatting to check on my order. I even told bartender I was starving when I sat down.  Finally went and asked where was my food.  Oh, they didn't see order in kitchen. Bartender (I was sitting at bar) could care less and had total attitude about it. Working for online review company and couldn't believe how bad service was. There was one super nice and helpful woman...seemed to be only one that cared...they should make her manager.  I know hotel restaurant aren't always the greatest but this one, in terms of service, was woeful!
Best drink in the city... seriously, you have to try the Secret Knock.  Don't read the ingredients - just order the drink, seriously.  Also ordered the oysters, would probably skip those here in the future.  One wasn't shucked appropriately, so I ended up with chunks of shell.  The donut dessert was amazing!  We were here for the Philly run and drank Secret Knocks 2/3 nights.  Service was always impeccable.  Definitely will be back!
The first thing that impressed me, was the warm welcome and handshake by Kevin at the bar. It takes so little to make the customer experience exceptional and he and the team did. 
Oh yes, their whole fish entree was to die for. Served in a cast iron skillet. 
Best of all, it was fired AFTER I finished my salad and not sitting under the lights. 
You MUST visit. Long list of specialty cocktails, whiskeys, bourbons and wine.
My daughter and I met after work at Bank and Bourbon on restaurant week.  At first I was a little concerned about it being attached to a hotel but very quickly realized that this was going to a new favorite.  

The atmosphere is lively but not too lively.  The overall feel is contemporary and fun, the bar was crowed, yet somehow it is still possible to have a private conversation. 

Service was exceptional.  

We shared a bottle of wine, but the drink menu was intriguing. 

The food was delicious.  We had wedge salad and ricotta as starters, steak for our entrée and apple cobbler and chocolate mocha cake for dessert.   All wonderful.  The cake was one of the best desserts I can remember in a long time.  We will definitely be back.  The wedge salad is delicious and really is a full meal on it's own.  

Very glad to have tried this place.  It is a great stop if you work in town and want to meet for drink, salad and to catch up.  Very close to Jefferson station too.
We enjoyed some interesting drinks and a really great ham plate with bread and goat butter. It was a little stuffy, but there were some others that were on the casual side.
Nothing was a problem for them. 6:45 reservation on a Saturday, we were 20 mins late - they gave us no problem. They even held our table (with a smile!) while we had a drink at the bar. Appetizers were wonderful - ahi tuna, vegetable soup and Octopus. EXCELLENT! I got the Salmon entree - when I gave it the side-eye (I didn't even say anything!) bc it was cooked medium instead of medium rare (totally my fault - which I told them) they took it back and had another one out within 5 minutes like it was their pleasure! We also got the chicken (huge and tasty) and filet, which was all very nice!
A really cool atmosphere right next to the Lowe's hotel - very nice experience. We'll be back!
If you are visiting Philly, this is a great stop for a nicer lunch or dinner.

The decor is fancy and modern. The restaurant resides in an old bank which is pretty sweet and makes this a historical spot. 

The food was delicious. From the bread that came out before dinner to the parmesan fries (to die for), everything in your typical lunch at Bank and Bourbon is fantastic. I got the pork belly sandwich and I couldn't get enough of it! Well, I could actually because the portions were huge!

The cocktails were super fancy as well- unfortunately I found mine to be a bit too sweet. We also had about five different people waiting on us throughout our lunch, so that felt a little odd- but I guess we never went without our water refilled! Too many waiters/waitresses and too-sweet-cocktails aside, the experience was fantastic and I'd definitely go back next time I'm in Philly!
I loved the atmosphere; there's two sides, one half tables, the other half more lounge-like. 

Sat down immediately with 6 people on a Friday night, drank a lot. Drinks were of high quality, as suggested by the price tag. Rosemary frites were quite good. Beer nuts were spicy for me, just FYI

The staff are attentive, and seem very knowledgeable.

There was definitely a dude with two prostitutes sitting near us, which made the occasion even more memorable.
After writing this review, the manager reached out to me trying to "make things right" as this isn't a reflection of their business.  Interestingly, after responding, I never heard back from him- seems like lack of communication/ customer service is part of the culture here-
So-so hotel bar.  I feel like Bank & Bourbon has been talked up, but I was truly underwhelmed.  The biggest downfall was the white bean/veggie mix was wet, like someone had over boiled and not finished draining the veggies.  The sautéed scallops were underdone. My husband OTOH had a nice salmon, and we ended up swapping meals because he wasn't that into his salmon. 

The drinks were probably the best part of the meal, so maybe we should have just gone for some happy hour cocktails!
Went in for a quick bite.  Charcuterie and cheese trays plus a bottle of bubbly, great afternoon snack.  Nothing crazy on the meat and cheese tray but all tasty cuts.
Our experience was fantastic, everything we were looking for.

I can see how this place might be searching for an identity.  Wife and I were seeking a great steak and bourbon experience, and on paper - B&B looked to be our place.  I was unsure - this seems to be a place that caters to "the convention" crowd, and that's NOT what we were looking for.  But searching online, I struggled to find a more extensive bourbon list for a restaurant in Philly. So we took a shot. 
We went on a Friday evening (8-ish).  Surprisingly, the dining room was nearly empty - so that may have impacted our visit in a good way.  I can see how a dinner crowd with no interest in bourbon could make for a hectic dinner service.  
We got the cowboy steak for 2 - perfectly cooked and flavorful.  Potatoes were great as well.  It's easy (and all too common) to serve a mediocre steak, but this dish excelled - we would return for it.
Service was attentive and friendly - even shared some other local restaurant tips.  Bourbon list was as advertised, and Daniel enhanced the experience by helping us learn (and taste) different options.  Overall, the staff delivered exactly the experience we were seeking.  Pricing felt appropriate for a great dining experience in Philly.
When not overly crowded, I'd say this is a diamond of an experience hiding in plain site.
