Amazing experience overall!
Randomly found this place in a yelp search, and I'm so glad I did! 
Food first - I got 4 baos. Listed in order of preference, I got The Bao Boa, The Crispy Chick, The Yenta,  The Garbaonzo. The Bao Boa (5+) was packed with tender short rib and the sauce was delish - highly recommend this one. The Crispy Chick (5) oddly tasted like a chic-fil-a sandwich with the quality chicken and fresh pickles - loved it. The Yenta (4.5) was also packed with meat and goodies (see pictures), and it wins for uniqueness. I did not care for the Garbaonzo (3). The falafel was dry, and the bao was lackluster compared to the others. 
Other notes: Businesses always get extra kudos from me when they have environmentally friendly packaging. While ordering they ask if you need utensils, which I appreciate and wish more places did. I also appreciate when the packaging is right for the amount of food. The baos fit perfectly, which makes for easier travel, and a cleaner experience. The restaurant was exceptionally clean with Covid precautions enforced. Lastly, these 4 baos set me back a whooping $14. They have a deal going for a free bao or side on your first purchase. For the quality, quantity and uniqueness, the cost is beyond fair. 
All in all, Bao nine operates with integrity and delivers quality food. I will absolutely be returning to try more (and get that Bao Boa again!), and I highly recommend Bao Nine.
I arrived at this place at 11 but there's nobody at the main area. Finally a lady from the kitchen came out and asked me what I wanted. After giving my orders I was surprised that she didn't put them in the order station so I asked her to write them down on a piece of paper. Finally a gentleman came out apologizing for shortness of staff and officially put my orders in. I assume he's the manager. Super friendly and welcoming to all guests. Great customer service. 

The menu is nicely shown on the wall with a picture of Rocky holding a bun on each hand. The fillings are various and in my opinion a fusion, such as Gringo with salsa rojas, Yenti with pastrami. The names are pretty funny. For dessert I had the fried bun with cinnamon and sugar with glaze dipping It's ok, you can skip it.

I ordered hot motha clucks, Yenti, bao boa. All of them are delicious. Three of the baos are nicely packed in a paper container with dividers to separate the baos and also to maintain the shape and fillings of the baos. I am looking forward to trying more.
I've been meaning to try this place out, ever since it popped on my Instagram! 
One fall day, we got the chance to do it. They have outside seating, and the menu is via a QR code. You can mix and match your Baos which I think is fantastic, they also had bowls which you can customize with the choice of base. 
We decided to try the shrimp bao, cheesesteak bao and another chicken one. 
My favorite was the shrimp one. The cheesesteak one was slightly more salty. But all three were messy to eat but appetizing . My SO got the spicy chicken bowl over salad and it was delicious yet healthy. 
Definitely a good stop.
I got the hot motha clucka, the bao boa, the crispy chick . I walked in on saturday for a quick bite. Noticed a lot of people order online for pick up here. They were quick and very nice. Each bun tasted amazing! Can't wait to come back to try the rest.
You are not going to find traditional bao buns here. They are not on the menu. The menu does have bao buns, but the ones here are fun Asian fusion and prove that anything can go into a bao bun.

My boyfriend and I wanted to try everything so we got the Bao Around The World combo - 9 bao buns and 2 sides. We chose one of every bun, and our sides were the brussels sprouts and The Big Finish. My favorite of the buns was The Bao Boa. The short rib was super flavorful and complimented the bun nicely. My second favorite was The Crispy Chick. The chicken was indeed crispy, and it was tasty too. My least favorite was The Prime Time. All of the buns were good, but The Prime Time did not have any wow factor to it compared to the other ones. The brussels sprouts were good, and The Big Finish was a creative way to turn a bun into a dessert. 

Individually, the buns are less than $5 each. 3 to 4 buns or 2 to 3 buns with a side should suffice for a meal. The Threesome is a good combo for one person. The Bao Around The World is a lot of food that can feed 3 to 4 people, and it is good way to try the entire menu and also save a few dollars. If you are not in the mood for bao buns, the menu has a few bowl options. Go for the bao buns though if you want to head towards cloud nine.
Cute spot we stumbled upon. They had different types of bao buns, not necessarily your typical Asian inspired "flavors." They were creatively delicious with the different types I ordered. My only one criticism was that it was a bit too salty for my taste.
Got take out from here last week in the middle of COVID. An excellent experience from all angles!

Lots of tables set up outside with QR codes on them which makes ordering easy. If you scan the code when ordering online they know which table to bring everything out to which was super easy. Everything was very COVID friendly. 

Small but varied menu of food to chose from. We had the Brussel sprouts which were a surprising offering from here but excellent! Also had the fried chicken, pork belly, and one other bao bun (escapes my mind). Came out very nicely displayed. Honestly I'm usually not a huge fan of bao buns. But there were delicious! Meat was cooked perfectly and nicely flavored. Variety of bao buns have lots of interesting and great toppings on them too. Honestly nothing to improve on! If you're looking for a quick delicious well priced meal or snack in the Rittenhouse area this is the place to go.
This place is just OK, I've been wanting to try it for a long time and now coming back to the office and it just around the corner..today was the day! I went with the threesome combo, shrimp tempura bao, pork belly bao and brussels sprouts. The sprouts were supposed to be a gochugang flavor but I didn't get any of that..they were more sweet than anything and the crispy rice was probably the best part of the dish.
As for the baos, the buns could have been better and the fillings weren't as advertised. I was very surprised by the flavors. Shrimp was bland, and the pork belly was more just like pulled pork with a little pickled veg.
Probably won't be back, there are better places in the city..BUT it's not all just OK, it is a really cute restaurant and very friendly staff. It looks super clean and much bigger than I expected. They certainly package everything up nicely too so your toppings aren't spilling out all over the place for take out.
Came here a few nights ago to pick up take-out and was not completely blown away. They have a super cute and trendy website with great pictures and it's super easy to navigate and use which I loved. I do love bao buns but this place was not something I was drooling over, and let me explain why. 

My friend and I ordered 3 bao buns each because their website recommends that. I don't know if I'm a fat ass but I was still famished after finishing my third and wished I had ordered more. 
What I ordered: 
The Crispy Chick - So delicious! Tasted like a chick-fil-a sandwich. Would definitely order this one again. 
The Bao Boa - I really enjoyed this one as well. Awesome flavors and a great amount of meat inside the bun. 
The Little Bao Wow - Was not a fan of this one because it was very dry and kinda boring. I wish it had more of the green chili sauce or maybe even something on the side to dip into. 

My friend ordered the last two that I got and then his third he got The Gringo Bao bun. I had a bite of this one and we both did not enjoy it. The chicken was beyond dry and very bland and the whole bun itself needed a lot more sauce. 

Overall, I would return to this place for lunch or a quick bite while I'm in the park. I wouldn't get this place for dinner because I was still really hungry after but I know for the future to order more than three. Also, I was too hungry to snap any pics of the buns!
When I first saw this place, I thought it was a really cool concept. Finally got a chance to order and the delicious flavor of each bao was bomb. 

You can tell they took time to think about how to specifically flavor each option on their menu. 

The buns were light and fresh but filling. 

Hot motha clucka -8/10
Bang Bang- 10/10
Bao bao - 9/10
Yenta -10/10

Overall would assume anything on the menu is tasty and will be ordering again.
I order lunch here a decent amount and I am never disappointed. I love the bun trio and my go-to is the hot motha clucker, crispy chicken and the prime time. The Brussels are also good if you want a side. Great spot for a bite!
We got absolutely Nine for takeout and it was delish! Unique Bao options and awesome bowls and sides.  I would recommend getting the triple bun option so you can sample all of the deliciousness for a cheaper price! The bowls are well portioned so you can even make a whole meal out of it. These were so good for takeout so I can imagine how amazing they would be super fresh and hot! Can't wait to try more of the bao bun options!
Love this place. Please support them they need to stick around 

Great flavor
Good value
Great friendly service
I ordered online from here, and I had a great experience. At the time that I ordered, there was a promo on their website that gave you a free Bao bun with each order. The only knock I have is that it is a little bit expensive for what it is, but each Bao that I ordered was great. The savory ones were crispy and flavorful, and the dessert one was creative and tasty. I would definitely come here again.
tl;dr offering up a host of bao options, the fusion cuisine here is good, but nothing quite steals the show

Bao Nine prides itself on an eclectic assortment of fusion-style baozi: pillowy, steamed buns stuffed with various fixins. With 9 different options to choose from, alongside a selection of bowls and sides, this spot aims to have an option for everyone. Combined with picnic-bench style outdoor eating, a minimalistic and cute indoor, and a straightforward online ordering system, Bao Nine jumps out as a party pleaser.

I placed an order for pickup at 12:30 but received a text nearly 20 minutes ahead of time that my meal was already prepared. With my food sitting out for a bit before I swung by, I opened my takeout box to borderline warm food to my subtle dismay.

I opted for 3 bao, in order of preference: the Yenta (pastrami, mustard, slaw), the Crispy Chick (chicken, pickles, coleslaw), and the Bao Boa (short rib, whiz, cherry peppers). The Yenta was solid. It was stuffed generously with mouth-watering pastrami and gingerly dolloped with sauce. The Crispy Chick, with its surprisingly flavorful chicken contrasted with crisp pickles and rich mayo, reminded me a lot of a slightly higher-quality Chick-fil-A sandwich -- which is great until you realize that a sandwich at Chick-fil-A would only run you $3.75 (compared to $4.50 per bun at Bao Nine). Finally, the Bao Boa screamed Philly sandwich scene through its cherry pepper relish -- maybe even a bit too much. I couldn't truly appreciate the intricacies of the whiz or short rib filling.

I found that 3 was a fair serving size for a meal. Each bun was about half the size of a fist. Yet overall, I found myself wishing for a more substantial starch. The chewy bao didn't quite absorb the flavors of the toppings, nor did it have a pleasant crisp. Moreover, at nearly $5 per dumpling, the fast-casual concept here errs on the side of expensive. While I appreciate Bao Nine's commitment to its buns, I just wasn't dazzled enough to become a regular at this spot.
These bao buns are pretty big, I'd say around 3-4 could be a meal! My ratings for the ones I tried were: Bang Bang (7/10), Crispy Chick (6/10), and the Bao Boa (8/10). Overall the fillings were clean and very tasty, but the buns itself were flavorless. I think they are traditionally semi-sweet? It's just that the buns are so big relative to the filling that you mostly get the blandness of the bun. Besides that personal preference, I thought the place was great!
I always prefer dine-in over take out any day, but this was a great take out experience! I got the threesome combo with the Gringo, the Bao Boa, and the Lil Bao Wow. Each bun is uniquely crafted for distinct, individual flavor combination. The cinnamon sugar bao is a great side; however, the powdered sugar based icing makes it a tad too sweet for my liking. Overall, great new food stop with friendly staff for Philly!
The pastrami bao bun was literally one of the best things I have tasted. We tried three different bao buns and all of them were wonderful!  I loved it so much and can't wait to go back.
At $5 bucks a bun, I was a little skeptical about the food being worth the price. I got three buns, two crispy chicken and a short rib. Each bun is the equivalent of an oversized slider. And while I did not think three buns would fill me up, they actually did. And each bite was super tasty. The chicken was fried to perfection. The slaw and sauce was very tasty. The short rib was very flavorful and cooked well. Definitely some of the best bao buns I have had in Center City. My friend got a the short rib bowl with rice and he really enjoyed it. The place is nice and modern. There was club dance music playing the whole time during lunch, which gave the place a NYC vibe. There is plenty of indoor and outdoor seating.  The service was also very good. The food came out within 10 minutes. I will definitely be back.
Amazing Bao buns! The crispy chicken was the best. So much flavor. The noodle bowl I could have done with out, the noodles were cold and hard and the sauce wasn't that great. But the fluffy flavorful Bao buns alone are worth the trip.
Bao Nine delivers warm, fresh, delicious bao buns! The bao buns itself came out warm and perfectly fluffy. The fillings are flavorful! The meat within the buns have been juicy and never over cooked. Each bun has unique flavor combinations! I ordered the Hot Motha Clucka, The Crispy Chick, The Bao Boa, Lil Bao Wow, The Bang Bang, & The Gingo. Everyone of those were delicious. 

If you're ever strolling through Rittenhouse and need a snack, go to Bao Nine!
Cute place for a quick grab and go! Decent amount of seating in the back and very cute ambiance with very friendly staff!

The taste is definitely "Americanized" and I wasn't sure how I felt about these flavors on the bao buns. I was really excited to eat them, but they were a bit disappointing. Out of all of them, I highly recommend The Crispy Chick.
I can't comment on the bao (maybe they're amazing), but I wasn't a fan of the noodle bowl. It felt like just a mixture of random ingredients without a cohesive flavor profile. The beef short ribs themselves were delicious, but they didn't mesh well with the rest of the ingredients. Plus, this is slightly on the pricier side for just a fast casual lunch. Check it out if the concept catches your eye, but I'd recommend trying the bao instead of a bowl.
First time here today and I can safely say I've found a new quick spot to frequent!! Food was delicious and staff was very kind and accommodating. I will be back to try more soon!
Bao Nine has been on my list since it opened last year and I live in queen village, so I haven't had a chance to make it there yet. Finally last weekend I was visiting a friend who lives in the 1900 Arch building so I went to pick up dinner from Bao Nine. 

I preordered on their website and my food was ready in less than 10 minutes! I ordered the shrimp tempura bun, the Buffalo chicken bun, and the sticky chicken. All of them were great, but the Buffalo chicken was my favorite. 

For dinner, I thought $15 was pretty reasonable, but I probably wouldn't get lunch there for the price unless they had a lunch special. If you like bao buns I would definitely recommend giving it a try!
Pretty small place in downtown Philadelphia but it has its charm once you walk in. You are greeted with this table counter in the middle that really gets in the way of looking at the menu on the board, but nothing too inconvenient. The options are various with cute names and you have to take some time to really peruse through the names to figure out what you want. 

I ended up getting 5 Baos for the road and I ate them on my way home. Some of the choices are good and I think two of the choices I selected had pickles in them and they really reminded me of Popeyes Spicy Chicken Sandwich. With the size of the Bao and the taste, I felt like I would have been more satisfied just getting a Popeyes Spicy chicken sandwich. That is why I removed a star. 

The other choices were delicious. I especially liked the ones with the slaw, which gives it a bit of a unique flavor. 

Overall, it was a good experience coming here (I came from the DC area), but I would not come out of my way just to come here to eat. I would only be here if I was in the vicinity.
So many delicious and creative baos to choose from. We chose 5 different ones and none of them disappointed. The baos are so light and fluffy like clouds and all the different fixing they're stuffed with are yummy. Easy to order online and pick up quickly. Definitely am recommending and will return!
This place is so good. I've been coming here since their grand opening and also won their grand opening prize for free bao buns for a year (1 per week) tried almost every bao on their menu and my favorite is the bang bang which is shrimp tempura. My second one is the bao boa or the bao wow. One has shirt rib while the other has pork belly. Their sides ive only tried the shishito peppers and they are so addicting with their umami dipping sauce. Staff is very friendly too!
I need to talk about their cute takeout containers that cradle their little baos so nicely. They're small little cardboard trays with cute clouds on them, and they're nestled perfectly in boxes that are just as cute and sized perfectly for the number on baos in them.

The food itself is very good! The buns are really light and squishy. There might be a little too much sauce and not enough protein, but they don't skimp on the proteins in the bowls. You should check this place out if you haven't already!
Yummy Baos! If you know me, you know I love good Bao. They have a combo that encourages you to get three bao altogether. I got two shrimp and one of the special chicken bao. Shrimp was definitely the winner! Would recommend this place if Bao is on your mind.
Definitely has potential. There certainly are some speed bumps they need to overcome (I ordered three bao, and one of them was incorrect), but the bao itself is rather good, to the point where I wasn't upset they'd messed up. I'll definitely be coming back.
Went here earlier this week. Really great service and attentive employees. I ordered the hot motha clucka bao bun, and they were very willing to adapt it to my own liking. It was made very promptly and was DELICIOUS. I highly recommend visiting!
Tasty and interesting! A little pricey--but if they add some additional inexpensive sides (noodles, rice) it might be easier to make these buns into a filling meal
I had a threesome from here and it was great. I got hot mother clucker, baoboa, and showtime. And I would rank them in that order. Showtime is no good but the other two were solid. Little pricy but was surprisingly filling.
Cute little place very casual like chipotle almost. Nothing fancy which we love. The food comes out pretty fast. The baos were really good but definitely not like "OMG THE BEST PLACE IN THE WORLD!!!"  I liked the fried chicken one the best. They were a little liquidy sometimes making the Bread turn into mushy paste in some spots. But the meats were very tender and high quality. Tasted good. Was an easy dinner and not too expensive either. 3 filled me. Don't let your eyes get bigger than your stomach! The manager was very very kind and I loved the overall ambiance. Quiet and fun.
Bao & Buns are great, lightweight street food-- inexpensive, handheld, and at Bao Nine, also surprisingly filling. 

Pleasant, laid-back staff. Great indoor space, and several picnic-style tables set up in the covid-era outdoor dining area carved into the street. Cleverly named dishes, and from the descriptions I wanted to try most of them.

This is the kind of food I love to start or end a night out with, or for a light meal when I'm too busy for something heavier. I'm sad I only had time to try a single bun (pictured).

I found this place because I was staying at a nearby hotel, but this is the kind of fare that I'll actively seek out.
Solid food. Small buns but that's the nature of them. A tad pricey but that's also the area. The shrimp bun and the Buffalo chicken bun are delicious and I'd order again! Wish they opened around broad and South!
Bubbly atmosphere & awesome food! Super tasty! My boyfriend got the Crispy Chick & I got The Bang Bang bao's. Owner was super nice as well! Gave us free dessert/bao's covered in cinnamon sugar for my boyfriends birthday! Definitely try this place!!
Really great buns. Was deciding between 2 and 3 and if you're hungry go with 3 it's not too much food.
AMAZING buns with an interesting asian fusion theme!

I love their ambitious takes on traditional bao buns, adding nontraditional meats and veggies. I don't usually do deliver order but I tried it once and was pleasantly surprised. I got five different buns. 

The Crispy Chick is a highly recommended fried chicken bun with coleslaw! Wish the chicken was more crispy and there was more sauce but overall decent. 
The Gringo was pretty plain in my opinion w/ chicken- wish it was spicier- but lacks in comparison to the fried chicken one. 
The limited time sesame bun was okay, with a strong teriyaki flavor, but I also wish it was a bit spicier/flavorful. 
My two favorites would have to be the Hot Motha Clucka as well as the Bao Boa!! With fried chicken, I wish it was crispier again, with more of the blue cheese and celery toppings, but the spice was perfect for buffalo. The Bao Boa was soo good- truffle sauce is a perfect complement to the fatty pulled beef. 

The presentation of their delivery looks great! I also appreciated their buns a lot- soft and fluffy. A bit pricy per bun but worth the price for a treat every so often. Only problems would have to be the crispiness of the chicken (probably because of delivery) as well as consistency on the toppings/sauce- balancing all the flavors better. Overall go try!!- can never stop at less than three buns.
This place is a perfect little quick meal! I LOVE the concept, they take traditional bao buns and put a twist on them. You can order a meal with 3 different ones which I did. I got the lil bao wow, the crispy chick, and the bang bang. All of them were so delicious, the bao bun itself was perfectly fluffy and chewy. My favorite was the crispy chicken though! Definitely making a stop back to try their bowls next time! Extra star for a cute and funny menu.
These were fusion baos, lots of interesting flavours and varieties. We had the pork bao, the shishito peppers, the chicken baos, and the shrimp baos. The pork and shishito peppers was amazing!
Great spot to get a variety of buns! Still working my way through the whole menu but the buffalo chicken one is probably my favorite. It's exactly how it sounds so if you like buffalo this is a good choice! The beef (hamburger) was also really good and a fun fusion with a bao bun. My boyfriend had the rice noodle bowl with short rib which was delicious and also a ton of food. Brussels sprouts are a must get - similar to what you'd get at Double Knot.
This place is great!!! I loved the bao options and innovation they created. Highly recommended
I was so excited about trying this newer restaurant. I was disappointed with the meal.
The meat in the bowl and on the bunn was dry and lacked the flavor of short rib meat elsewhere. 
The bowl and the bunn were not hot. For real good Korean food I am going back to the Korean restaurant next to the HMart on Old York road.
The crispy chicken bowl is delicious - good portion of chicken, yummy veggies included some pickled. And I could eat a half-dozen of the buffalo chicken buns (Hot Mutha Clucka). We've only ordered during covid-era and yet they've always been super fast and tasty. It's a good price, too. Two of us are usually stuffed for ~$30-35 total.
I've tried all the buns and every one of them is unique and tasty. The bowls are also good and certainly more filling than the buns. In terms of portion size, I would say that even though their website recommends 3-4 buns per person, I personally needed about 5-6 buns to feel full.
The Yenta pastrami bao is incredible, a great concoction of fusion fast casual food. I just wish the fried chicken baos, which are also delicious, were a little bigger or lower the price by 75 cents. With two baos for $9+ tax and stuff, I want to be pretty satisfied. As a comparison, a Federal Donuts fried chicken sandwich is $8.
We ordered the 12 bao takeout which was good to feed 3. The shrimp was great- nice and crispy with a neat texture profile. Short rib was very well flavored as well. My favorite is the pork belly- the pickled veggies add a nice sour tint and crunchy texture that balances out the bao perfectly. Overall it was a tasty meal and would recommend! More of a 4.5 star
So delicious! And quick! The crispy chick and bao wow were a favorite- and the garbanzo was amazing as a vegetarian option
Very clean place. Nice staff. Comfortable. Good pricing.
Buns themselves truly are like a cloud and the variety is great. Will go again next time in town.
This was my first time at Boa nine and I was not disappointed. The staff was super friendly, and the food was incredible. I ended up ordering more buns after I finished the first round of buns. They have amazing sides like  brussel sprouts And shishito peppers. I highly recommend grabbing a bite to eat at Boa nine. I know I will definitely be back!
I came here for lunch, and ordered the Hot Mutha Clucka, the Bao Boa, and the Lil Bao Wow. Aside from the cringey dish names, I had a really good time. The place was a bit understaffed during lunch, but I was in and out pretty quickly. The Baos themselves were really flavorful, and I especially enjoyed the Hot Mutha Clucka, it was an interesting mix of Buffalo wings with blue cheese and Bao.
This place is so good! The buns are delivered quick and all the different potential options are so good!  A must try!
Love ordering from this spot! The Buffalo chicken and the shrimp buns are my favorite. They prob could fit a bit more into each bun but the balance is super.
They're Bao Bun specialists and have a delicious assortment of fusion style buns. I tried 7 different buns plus the cinnamon bao dessert which was simple but good. In rank order my favorites were:

Yenta - Pastrami 
Crispy Chick - Fried Chicken 
Bang Bang - Tempura Shrimp
Lil Bao Wow - Roast Pork Belly
Bao Boa - Short Rib
Gringo - Roasted Chicken
Garbaonzo - Falafel
The food was delicious! Everything tasted very fresh. The bao buns were perfectly steamed. I definitely recommend the Brussels sprouts. They have crunch rice in it which makes it 1000% better. It feels like you eating pop rocks without the popping. Also the dessert was very good and fresh as well. Definitely recommend!
I wish I could give half stars, because Bao 9 was a solid 3.5 stars in my book! This review is for an outdoor dining experience during COVID - 

I stumbled upon Bao 9 when I was walking around the neighborhood and was immediately excited to try it. I came back for lunch with a friend the next day and was pleasantly surprised that there were multiple long picnic tables open for us (and well spaced from other guests). We ordered via QR code and the food came out relatively quickly! The customer service was also great and our servers came and checked on us multiple times.

I got two baos (enough for a light/medium lunch). I think the baos were good, but they didn't 100% align with my taste buds. There was also a bit too much filling for the small size of the bun and too much sauce that made it difficult to eat and enjoy. 

Overall, a nice weekday lunch, but I am still on the hunt for delicious baos in Philly.
Ordered the top most elite-mentioned buns: The Bao Boa and the Crispy Chick. I found them fine, not amazing. 

The bun is very soft and chewy (good) and an enjoyable expression of the Bao.

The buns feel short on their protein execution. The short rib on the Boa was overcooked: Dry and stringy. The chicken on the Crispy Chick was also too dry, tough, and lacked the dense battered crunch I'm looking for. 

The condiments did well to somewhat mask these execution flaws. The protein execution missed the mark, and that dragged down the experience.
Bao Nine is a ten, and great addition to the lineup of quick lunch spots around Rittenhouse. I almost ate earlier, but made the fortunate decision to procrastinate. That left me with a healthy appetite when walking past Bao Nine. And the threesome left me so satisfied.
My favorite addition to the neighborhood. Always yummy. Always packed up nice and neat!
We decided to get 6 different types of buns and taste test them. They were all pretty light in flavor and nothing really caught our attention. Except the one on the bottom right of my picture, I think it was the Hot Motha Clucka!! I could prob eat one of those every day haha. Definitely would stop by just to get that one because it had the perfect amount of sauce, flavor and great chicken to bun ratio!
Love this place, everything is fresh and delicious... the manager is a sweetheart who takes pride in his establishment and food.
