I've been told I have nice BAPs. I have no idea what that means.

Booty And Pecs?
Bum And Posture?
B*lls And P**is?

Who knows.

But anyway. This is the only Korean food I've had in Philly and I liked it. A lot. Especially the price.

I ordered Yuk Gae Jang as I always do.

This YGJ was nothing like anything else I've had - in fact idk if it was even YGJ to be honest lol - but at this price who is complaining. Five dollars or so. It was just like really delicious beef soup and I pretty much finished the whole thing despite not being that hungry. Lovely service too.

Speaking of lovely service, want to check out my BAPs?
On one of the coldest evenings of the year, I found myself hungry and on South Street.  Fortunately I knew right where to head...the tiny Korean hole-in-the-wall called Bibimbap...or for short BAP.  Inside it was bright and warm and the friendly owner had Yukaejang - a spicy beef soup - cooking.  Of course I ordered it to warm up.  I then followed it with a tasty Dolsot Chicken Bibimbap with extra Gochujang sauce.  A cup of hot ginger/cinnamon tea completed the meal.  BAP is the kind of little café you can find on the back streets of Seoul or Pusan.  I'm glad we have it in Philadelphia!
So expensive for what it is! I am surprised at all the high star reviews. I got the beef bibimbop and was disappointed at the quantity and the quality. I got take out and the portion was small. The ingredients didn't even fill to the brim and they even skimped on the rice. 

The dish just tasted "too homemade" to me but NOT homemade in a good way. It tasted "homemade" like it was made by a cook that had only okay culinary skills (not homemade like your grandma's cooking). It lacked flavor and presentation. The rice was too sticky. The veggies looked limpy and tasted boring (blocky stir-fried cucumbers pieces, carrots not meticulously julienned, spinach just boiled but not seasoned). The beef pieces weren't even restaurant quality, not tender at all. The gochujang was the same stuff you can buy from the Korean super market with sesame seeds sprinkled on top. I could probably make the same at home fairly easily using only oil, salt, and sesame seeds as seasoning and no advanced marinades, special sauces, or knife skills.

It didn't taste terrible, but it was underwhelming compared to bibimbop I've had at other Korean restaurants. I don't know about you but I eat out to experience dishes I cannot recreate (or would take significant effort to recreate) at home. For what you get, they should just charge $6 for a plain boxed lunch, not $10!

The cinnamon iced tea is also nothing to rave about. It just tastes like weak homemade generic green tea with cinnamon dumped in. The cinnamon doesn't even compliment the tea! $3 a bottle, too! In case you were wondering, unsweetened. Unsweetened cinnamon tastes disgusting/pointless, at least sweeten your damn tea.

I feel like this place is trying too hard to have that specialty/gourmet mom-and-pop feel, marketed towards boogie hipster patrons but the quality/creativity is just not there. I feel super ripped off!

Don't come here because it "looks cute" or because you like "hole in the wall" restaurants. Usually hole in the wall restaurants serve brilliant food but this one is not one of them. 

P.S. I put a photo of the food on my Facebook (like I always do with restaurant foods) and my foodie Korean friend said "This is from BAP? Oh man ouch..." I feel ashamed. For once no one was jealous of my food pic because it didn't look that good.
I ordered from BAP using UberEats, and enjoyed it. The food was warm and delicious, and there was a nice ratio of meat and vegetables to rice. I liked their kimchi as well, which they did manage to keep at a cooler temperature than the bibimbap.
Stopped in for lunch around noon on a Saturday. I expected it to be busy, but there was only one other couple there. We both got bibimbap, I got tofu, he got beef. He also tried shrimp pancakes and kimchi. Both of us enjoyed our stone bowls. My only complaint is that it was spicy, which some people may not love, but I enjoyed it. One thing that was noted is that the beef is scarce, but the portion overall was good. He also liked both other dishes, declaring the kimchi the best ever. In addition, we both got the ginger cinnamon tea that is made in house. While I liked that it was not sweet, he would have preferred a lift sweetness. This is a great spot with excellent service and good food.
I shouldn't write this.

I should be selfish and keep this little cookery & it's kind owner all to myself.

But that would be unfair to him, and I suppose you eating reading humans.

Get it while you can though.  This guy cooks as if for his own family.  He is so happy to have you try his food.  Best Beef soup & BimiBap & Korean tea I've ever had.   

As in life, esp new food joints, all good things come to an end, enjoy while you can.
Great to-go spot. Very reasonable and friendly service. 

The veggie bowl is balanced and delicious. I would highly recommend this place!
Tldr; Homey Korean food with a limited menu. If you want bibimbap cheaply, this is for you!

This place only serves bibimbap, pajeon, a soup, and japchae. Truly bare bones menu, with no banchan (side dishes) served. Additionally, there's limited seating -- maybe like 15 people tops? 

But what they make, they make well and cheaply! My stone bowl beef bibimbap set me back ~$8-9, and it was delicious. 

This bibimbap is a little different from others in that the spicy red sauce that usually comes on the side is actually premixed in stone bowl bibimbap. This means it's a little spicier than normal bibimbap. The regular (non stone bowl) bibimbap has plain rice. 

Overall, I'm pleased with the service (the elderly couple that run this place seem so cute!) and I'll be back again. Credit cards are accepted.
My wife and I had an awesome dinner at BAP last night. Definetly one of our favorite take out places in the neighborhood.
I created an account just to write this. 

This place is terrific. The gentleman who runs it is very nice, and its modest appearance belies the quality of food on offer.

The menu is quite small, but the bibimbap is excellent. $8 gets you a whole meal of fresh vegetables, quality meat (or tofu), and just the right amount of heat. There is no heavy-handed dousing of sauce all over the vegetables, and you can finish a meal without feeling like a hot mess. I've sampled almost the whole menu, and each time the experience is the same - a full stomach, great taste, the freshest ingredients, quick service, and a kind proprietor. I'm not sure what else you could ask for. Highly, highly recommended.
Was in the area and checked Yelp for some good eats. Came across this place. I didn't even know there was a bibimbap specialty place nearby.

I kind of like the concept of a stand alone bibimbap place. The dining area of the restaurant isn't currently open, so you can call in an order or walk up. I walked up and ordered and received my food relatively quickly.

I ordered the dolsot bibimbap with beef. I didn't know how the dolsot bibimbap was made without the stone bowl, which usually cooks the rice while your eating, so you can a nice crust around your rice towards the end of your meal. Basically the dolsot bibimbap to go was mimicking that experience with frying the ingredients before serving. At first, I thought the portion size was a bit small, but after eating it, I was surprised how filling it was. The gochujang or hot sauce was mixed in. The food was cooked well and it tasted great. It had a good amount of spice.

The only compaint I had about this place was that it's a bit pricey for my specific order. It was close to $14 for a relatively small rice dish. Maybe next time I may order a dish without the dolsot ($1) and beef ($3) upgrade and see how it is. The vegetable bibimbap seems decently priced at $8.95.
Pro:  A simple answer to the complex question of "where can I get good Korean food?". BAP's modest menu boasts options that will satisfy even the most calibrated Korean-centric tastebuds. Both the Chicken Bibimbap and the Japchae will stick to your ribs. Delicious!!!

Con:  Finding parking on South St. is a less-than-amazing adventure. Also, BAP has a total of 12 seats in the entire establishment. Bring a friend, maybe two. But that's about it. Anything past that, it's too close for comfort to your neighbors. 

Bottom Line:  The food is worth the tight squeeze to get there!
A perfect, intimate place to get a bite of authentic Korean food! I came on a weekday evening for dinner. There are many people ordering takeout, but I sat in an ordered the dolsot (stone pot) chicken bibimbap. The menu is simple, and specializes in bibimbap, as the name indicates. The ingredients are all so fresh and there is the perfect amount of sauce pre mixed in. The owner, Francis, is so gracious and I am excited to come back.
TALK ABOUT A HIDDEN GEM! I can't believe I didn't discover it sooner, but I'm glad I found it when I did! This place is literally the best, most authentic korean food I've had thus far in philadelphia. They offer only a limited menu of bibimbap (with various proteins), pajeon (scallion pancake), and yuk gae jang (beef stew), but they do it right! I think it's advertised as a take-out joint, but the actual restaurant is a hole in a wall spot on south st that seats about 8-10 people, max. I saw the glowing reviews and though skeptical, decided to bike down here with a friend for dinner and was not disappointed. The pajeon was smaller than I imagined, but delicious and surprisingly filling - certainly enough to hold you over until the main dish. I love traditional bibimbap, and BAP does it SO SO well. I always get the classic marinated beef as my protein, and this particular version comes with soybean, carrots, cucumbers, mushroom, cabbage, a gooey egg, and broccoli! I would HIGHLY recommend paying the extra dollar for the dolsot option to get that crunchy rice on the bottom for more flavor! Love this place and will definitely be back whenever I need my korean food fix! Maybe I'll try the yuk gae jang next time!

TIP: bring cash if you can!
I was a little sad to know that my local Chinese takeout spot was no longer there.... But am thrilled to welcome a Korean mixed rice bowl takeout!!! I heard there were going to be other new additions to the menu and I can not wait. I got the beef bibimbap and there were all different kinds of vegetables: red cabbage, bean sprouts, carrots, broccoli, mushrooms, zucchini, and cucumbers. I picked beef which tasted like bulgogi (Korea. Style sweet/soy marinated beef) and it came with a perfectly over easy egg on top. The red sauce that was on the side was perfectly portioned (even though the guy gave me extra) i could see it being a little spicy for people who can't handle the heat so just be cautious and taste before you mix!!!  For $5 it is definitely worth it. I'll be back again for sure!!!
Had this twice now since the opening at the start of December.  Great for quick takeout, but also has about six seats inside.  Very comfortable atmosphere and friendly, professional service.  Time from order to ready to take out is about 5-7 minutes and at $5 each, the price is really fantastic.

I've had both chicken and beef so far (both were outstanding).  My girlfriend is a vegan and loved the tofu with no egg.  The tofu is grilled and seasoned very well.  The veggies and and sauces make each dish really hard to slow down on when consuming.  Spice level might be a bit high for some without any tolerance for flavor, but then why are you eating food to begin with?
Bap is run by a very friendly elderly couple that, coupled with the cozy decor, really make it feel like we're in someone's home.

The wood floors and tables are a dark wood and the warm lighting is dim. There's no music playing and it's often empty. In sum, this makes for a great place on a cold winter day to grab hot soup or dolsot bibimbap.

Prices are reasonable and you'll see from my photos that I got a filling dolsot tofu bibimbap and traditional ginger cinnamon tea.

I'd come back again for a casual meal and suggest you do the same.
Not great, not bad.  I ordered the beef dolsot bimbimbap.  Skip the dolsot if you are expecting the rice to get crispy - it doesn't.  Small portion, light on the meat, but it tasted okay.  We ate in, but I think due to this damn covid thing, we didn't get any banchan.
If I came back here, I would probably go for just the veggie bimbimbap - a better value for the money.
Little disappointed considering all the stellar reviews.

The veggie bibimbap was delicious but the yukgaejang was just ok, and a tiny portion despite being labeled as 16 oz. Also, it didn't come with rice which I thought was weird, and they charged me $2 for a small bowl of white rice, so the $4.95 yukgaejang became a $6.95 yukjgaejang. The pa-jeon was just ok too. 

I guess Philly has a pretty weak Korean food scene in general, but I wanted this place to be a little better. If it was next door I'd probably hit it up every now and then, but the problem is that we're not that close to here, and its just not good enough to warrant going very far for it. 

Inside only seats six.
I wanted to love this place. I've passed by for years while wandering South Street, always keeping in mind that there's a cute, convenient little place that solely sells bibimbap. Finally took the plunge one day and went to order the 'bap. 

I've had my fair share of Korean rice in stone pots that have warmed my soul and whet my appetite. This came to me in a large aluminum bowl to accentuate the size of the meal. I wasn't completely wowed even knowing full well the guy prepared it just there and then. Good assortment of veggies, rice, meat but definitely echo some of the other reviewers here - it just wasn't enough. Typically bibimbap makes me keel over from sheer amazingness; quality and quantity and delicious. This gave me more of an: it's alright, feels sufficient. Lots of options for similar prices on South Street and surrounding area but if you want 'bap quick and easy, it can be an easy fix for you.
Fresh, delicious, and satisfying. Perfect dinner to pick up on the way home from work.

Don't tell my mom, but it's better than the bibimbap I grew up eating :O
I walked by this place a few weeks back and I knew I needed to try it. I love me some Bibimbap and this place did not disappoint! I definitely found a new goto take out place.

Everything - from the beef, to the veggies, to the fried egg on top - was well-seasoned and fresh. The veggies (cucumbers, broccoli and carrots) were definitely not frozen because they still a nice crispness to them. My only complaint is that they could have added some more meat; but then again, I am a die-hard carnivore!
Are you one of those people who have a hard time deciding what to order? If you're new to Korean food and want to get a staple - Bap is the place for you. No more flipping through the endless menu debating on three different things. Bap has one main entrée - bibimbap. You can choose your protein or simply just veg it out. We ordered the chicken and beef bibimbap. The owner was very nice, the food came out quickly, and the seating area was well maintained. 
While I enjoyed my meal, it wasn't outstanding. The veggies and beef were just okay. Unfortunately, I think they were overpowered by the sauce - which was a notch spicier than I wanted. I also think that $9 for beef bibimbap is a little high for the amount of food I received. Overall, I would say give them a shot if you're in the area.
Just stopped here after walking past it for the past month. The tofu bibimbap is seriously so good and comforting. The owner is so nice and gracious and made it hot style for us since it was snowing. I can't even explain how good the cinnamon and ginger tea is! I will definitely back there very very soon!
Simply the best, most convenient authentic korean bap.  Getting that quality and that quantity, when ordering was as easy as ordering a coffee (only faster), really blows me away.  I'm addicted!
I live around the corner from this place it is my go to spot when I want something quick, healthy, and delicious.

My girlfriend loves their kimchi. Almost as much as she loves my kimchi. You know what I mean? ;-)
This is another one of my absolute favorite spots in the city. This is genuine Korean food with an old world flare. I felt like I was in a Korean household being served food straight from the family pot. The service was fantastic, and the older couple serving the food to me seemed to own the place. They were humble and so sweet, and took the time to talk to me when I asked them about their decorations (all handmade by them). The service was incredibly on point and quick, and because this adorable place only could host a few people at a time, there was a fantastic little atmosphere about us as we ate! Thank you!
I really, really wanted to like BAP, but at the end of the day, even the small hole-in-the wall, owned by elderly couple with small decorations and limited menu could not rescue the establishment from a 4-star review.

The biggest disappointment for BAP is the food, which is tragic. I love Korean food, and I fancy Bibimbap and korean pancakes. However, both versions at BAP were just a few notes short. The pancakes were dry and thick and fairly bland. The bibimbap, granted we got the regular version (non hot pot), was served almost at cool-room temperature without any close attention to how the flavors and texture coexisted with each other. The Japchae (noodle) was the greatest disappointment as it was served with a larger and too generous portion of white rice without any other sustenance. 

Objectively, the food was underwhelming, but if you take in the whole picture, the small and unassuming quaint place settings, you'd have a good time.

Food: 2-3 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Service: 3 stars
Price: 3 stars
Very tasty bibimbap in a cozy one man shop - the ingredients are well prepared. The process is a bit confusing because you're not sure if you just sit down or walk to the register but I always recommend going up to order and he will serve you. The beef bibimbap was very satisfying and delicious. Perfect for when you don't want to eat anything heavy but still want substance.
This amazing find on south street is worth a try. Small Korean eatery run by a husband and wife, with close to 7 menu items there not too many ways it can go wrong. The hot stone bowls are healthy and delicious. We tried the shrimp pancake and the japchae, also yummy. Portion size is slightly small but it makes up in the taste. Slightly expensive, but it's worth the taste. Do try this place next time you are in the mood for some good Korean bowls.
3.5

I am a japchae fiend.  I can eat gallons of that stuff if it's in front of me. I was excited that this popular and well-reviewed place was close to my office.  It's a tiny place, so they purposefully only offer a few signature dishes, all under $10.

I finally had a chance to pop in and ordered the japchae with anticipation. I think it was just under $9, a bit pricy in my opinion for a vegetarian japchae with a small scoop of rice. It didn't have that much flavor, to be honest.

Friendly gentleman who took my order, cooked and rang me up.
Gamsa Hamnida!

This tiny place serves up a mean bibimbap - so tasty! Just the right ratios of foods in the bowl, it was the perfect stop right after the bus ride in from NY. Great value, too.

I would have liked my bibimbap a little hotter though - we were the last customers but it would have been nice to throw it in the pan one more time to make sure its piping.
Ahh what can I say?  BAP is truly a  hidden gem on South Street.  The food is absolutely delicious and satisfying.  They provide the perfect portion for such a reasonable price.  The sauce they serve is out of this world and keeps me coming back for more.  The owner is the sweetest man-- always friendly and serves with a smile.  I visit BAP every Thursday (sometimes more)!  My favorite, quick, take out meal!  Keep it up BAP, you rock!
BAP is awesome! Really great food, fresh ingredients, and the owners are very nice (they gave us a free pajeon). If you have a little time, it's a great stop before going to the Kimmel Center. 

My only comment is that I wish the bibimbap was a bit warmer. But it didn't ruin my experience at all.
BAP is one of my neighborhood favorites. The place is run by an older Korean couple and they are two of the nicest people you will meet. Major points for a family owned spot with kind people and good service.

There's not much to say really: it's exactly what you'd expect Bibimbap to be. The menu is small. It's basically Bibimbap and then Kimchi with some specials that change from time to time. The only negative, but not enough to take off a point, is that the portion sizes are quite small for what you pay. I always order extra meat and it still doesn't fill me up. I'm not even a big eater. The only thing I'd recommend is go elsewhere if you're starving. I'm not sure this will satisfy you fully.

Points for: Service, neighborhood place, BYOB (I think? I've never eaten there. Always takeout).
Negatives: Portion size
Charming little shop w/ limited menu but delicious food. Seats about 8; so mostly take- out.

Why only3 stars? My beef bibimbap was very good, but was lacking the red cabbage & broccoli as pictured. Also for $8.95+ tax(the most expensive thing)I expected a bigger portion. It was satisfying taste wise, but didn't really fill me up.
Perhaps I'm spoiled living in an area where there are a lot of Korean restaurants. I can get a bulgogi lunch box for $5.99(no tax) @Maat Zip; although the beef @ Bap is much better.

Definitely worth trying, but personally I can't see becoming a regular. Would try it again.
This is now my favorite place. Third trip since it opened in early December and it's turning into a habit. Healthy, flavorful, food is $5 a bowl and does a decent job filling you up.  For the ravenous, bring a friend and split 3 between you.  Probably the best quality food for the buck in the city.
I'm breaking a personal rule here by writing a review after a single visit.  But--what can I say?-- it was a terrible, horrible, no-good meal.  My fellow Yelpers deserve to know!

I had the pajeon (vegetable pancake) and it was disastrous.  Now maybe you can fault me and say that when I go to a place called "Bap," I should order the namesake bibimbap.  Ok, that's fair.  

On the other hand, if you can't adequately prepare a dish, don't offer it on your menu!  

This pajeon, a sort of egg+vegetable concoction, was tasteless, utterly without taste!  I couldn't even taste the vegetables that I could actually see in the pancake!  There also appeared to be something similar to cornmeal in the pancake.  

It was like eating fried construction paper. 

Even though I only spent/wasted a little over $5 on this meal, I left the restaurant hungry, disappointed, sad, and livid.  

Not the way that you want to feel when you leave a restaurant.  

Never again, BAP, never again
Great little spot with a super friendly owner. 

Beef Bimbebap in a Dolsot:
Great spice, great flavor, and great texture.  The rice is creamy on top with crispy rice on the bottom. Veggies were nice and crisp too. Beef was tender. The egg on top speaks for itself. The only thing this dish needed was a touch of soy sauce/salt which I added at home and made it 10x more flavorful.
Great bibimbap--fresh ingredients, well seasoned.  Plus I can walk to it from my house!  My partner and I both had the tofu bibimbap and beef soup.  Delicious!
BAP!! My cousin and I got a beef bibimbap!! The taste was very scrumptious! The vegetables are definitely fresh. Every time I took a bite, a crunch could be heard! Nom nom nom! For the meat, it's seasoned properly and the portion ratio was just right. The reason I'm giving it three stars is because it wasn't warm at all! Beef was room temperature! Kind of felt like I was eating leftovers that wasn't microwaved! Maybe it was because we came the last twenty minutes, who knows.  We also got the pancake! It was so crispy, which I like! 

Customer service! The owner was extremely nice for letting us come in, even though it was closing in 20 minutes! He kindly let us try his homemade tea! He's a really humble guy!! 

I'd come back again to try a different type of bibimbap though. Hopefully it'll be warm next time!
The best 'hole in the wall' places keep it simple and do a few things well - this guy does exactly that.  There's not a lot about bibimbap to screw up, and a lot of it hinges on fresh crisp vegetables and your gochujang/kochujang.  This guy makes a bangin' gochujang and everything is done exactly how it should be.  I had a chicken bibimbap, but the protein you pick really doesn't impact the dish very much, honestly.

It's not particularly traditional, but it does have the basic spirit of bibimbap:  take a bunch of leftover vegetables and turn it into something new.  Mine had fresh broccoli, carrots, cucumbers and sprouts - none of them seemed to be dressed or pickled.  Honestly, no flavor was lost by that - the kochujang seasons it perfectly.

I'll certainly be back.
A bare-boned place, so don't expect a lot of ambiance, that being said....I don't need ambiance as long as the food is good. BAP has a nice short menu and the bibimbap was wonderfully prepared and delicious. 
I will be coming back for more!
I also saw they added pajeon (korean savory pancake) to the menu, and i'll definitely be trying that on my next visit.
the price is great too - compare it to Rice & Mix on Walnut (also a favorite of mine) and i think BAP can hold its own...price is more affordable too!
The proprietor is also a very friendly man, courteous and helpful too. The portions are large - so there was no mistaking it would keep you sated.
Very nice korean bibimbap on the go. 
It's a small menu so it's great for people that wanna come and look at a simple menu in front of ur face and go.
I do like the japchae, but it was half the box. And do they mean by "vegetable" japchae because there wasn't any meat.
But in my opinion, you get what you pay for the beef bibimbap.
The vegetables and rice did not even fill up half of the height of the take out bento box. The marinated beef was good though.

I was full but it's not enough for a male tummy FYI.
It isn't the best bibimbap in Philly, but it is a decent deal and a great quick lunch or dinner if you are in the area. The owners are very nice and the food comes out hot if you get the hotpot bibimbap. The bowl isnt really a stone bowl like how I have usually had it, which was disappointing. I enjoy Giwa and Tampopo more for my hotpot bibimbap needs
Really cute place that is run by a husband and wife team. The Bibimbap in a stone pot was delicious and fairly priced. The portion size was solid and I left feeling completely satisfied. I agree that this is a hidden gem and worth going to, especially if you live in the area. Also, I like supporting nice small businesses like these. The owners were very friendly and nice and other than the Bibimbap, my wife really liked the Ginger Cinnamon Tea. 

Of note, they take Credit Cards. I think the yelp reviews previously had said cash only. 

4+ for the food, extra star for kindness.
Gripped a veggie bibimbap, gotta say it was tasty, I'll come again, but I don't think I'll bring friends because I don't have any
BAP is a quaint hole-in-the-wall thats great to pop in for bibimbap or to grab take out. The menu is short and sweet (no frills), but the food hits the spot!

You walk up to the front and order; there's no true waitstaff. It seemed like only one man was running the place when we came in, but considering that, we didn't wait very long at all for our food. 

My dolsot bibimbap came out delightfully sizzling. I thought the flavor was excellent, and the egg was the perfect amount of gooey. I finished the entire bowl (something I've never managed before) and was just the right amount of full.
For $11, I'll definitely be going back!
i was very much looking forward to a korean place closeby and i love super simple menus - i was also happy that the chinese takeout that always got orders wrong was replaced

i have had both the beef and the chicken to go

i would say that the sauce is nice and punchy but i wish there were a little more of it and that it had a good dose of sesame oil and at least the beef version should have a sprinkling of sesame seeds on top

both the beef and chicken could have been more seasoned and i wish there was a small side of kimchi

but given that the veggie portion (which is actually more important than the meat in a dish like this) was quite extensive and done well, i would definitely suggest this for vegetarian friends (veggie or tofu)

the old man is super friendly and fast, give them a try, i hope they last

cash only
Oh my! Simple, to the point, what more do you need? Just bibimbap and that's it! Delicious and definitely Korean style. Had the real stuff in Seoul and it's pretty spot on(make sure to get the stone pot)
I'm SO glad this opened up in my neighborhood! It's a tasty option for those of you missing your korean comfort food. I just hope they start offering a full korean menu! As a SF korean transplant, I miss my mom's cooking and it's so nice to have this nearby. nice so I don't have to go up to North Philly if I don't feel like making the trek.
Solid meal - but definitely pricey for the proportions. For a little less than 10 dollars, you get a classic bibimbap meal - but I was ravenous and got a portion that was much smaller than I was expecting. The food was good - fresh vegetables, tender meat, and perfectly cooked rice. Expect to pay more for less here though.
I love this family run Korean restaurant. Super cozy and low key, affordable healthy eats.  Chicken rice bowl was delicious, with sautéed vegetables on the side, a gooey egg, some spiciness.  One of my favorite "off-the-beaten-path" Philly food treasures!
You could easily miss this place but I was looking for Asian cuisine and this looked promising, judging by the pictures. It's basically a hole in the wall with understated décor of flowers and plants. The older gentleman who works alone in the kitchen greeted me and took my order. He was very kind. I ordered the vegetable bibimbap and it was surprisingly delicious. Everything tasted fresh and I liked the ingredients he used. I'm so glad I found a Korean restaurant in center city because let's be honest, the choices are slim. The prices here are reasonable considering you're in the city. Definitely coming back here and I highly recommend for anyone who's craving Korean in a casual spot. Tables are limited though, but if you live in the city you can always get take-out!
Super cute little hole in the wall! It can only seat a handful of people but it's super worth it. I ate there when only the husband of the owner duo was working. It's inspiring seeing how hard working he was. He ran the whole thing---granted there were only 5 customers including my boyfriend and me----but was still super attentive and kind. 

I ordered the beef bibimbap. It was very delicious and looked gorgeous. The portion could have been slightly bigger, but then it would have given you the super stuffed feeling. It was the right portion size. It's pretty decent priced. I also had the ginger cinnamon tea which came in a nice home-y mug, and it was warm-in-my-belly nice. If you're looking for a decent Korean place and want to support small businesses with hardworkers, give BAP a try.
This is a great, low frills bibimbap spot w a few focused additional offerings. 

Their prices are on point, while the meat is cooked to order and their veggies are marinated / cooked rather than salad like, like at other fast food Korean spots in center city.  Additionally, eggs are perfectly runny to aid in mixing and gelling of all the ingredients in the bowl. 

Tip - if you're afraid of heat, ask for the sauce on the side.
There's a lot to like about this tiny Korean kitchen on South Street. The simple menu, fair prices, and the fact that there just aren't a whole lot of Korean spots in South Philly. 

I really want to give BAP four stars but I can't just yet. I love bibimbap and the beef bibimbap here was alright. The beef was good, flavorful and tender. I've never seen broccoli in bibimbap before, which was fine. I just wish the portions were a little bigger; I was still hungry afterwards. And I think more veggies would've made it better. I'd like to come back to try the japchae and I would give the bibimbap another chance.
Greatest place ever! I get the dolsot bibimbop. It is delicious, sizzling, spicy, tender goodness. Coupled with the Korean Spicy paste makes it even better.

Frances, the owner, is a super nice, hardworking guy. I really like him. He even brought over some sample pickled radish for me to try - it was delicious.

Definitely support this great, delicious place!!
Pricey for the measly portions you get (~$9 for a bibimbap bowl). We ordered takeout and there was barely any rice let alone vegetables. It was a sad little bowl with limp veggies and a clump of rice the size of a petite woman's fist. For the record, yes, I have actually measured the sizes of various petite women's fists and come up with a credible, scientific average. 

All wisecracking aside, If you're searching for a filling meal, then do not order takeout here. Maybe the sit-in offers a more satiating, abundant experience. Unfortunately, I was sorely let down by the scant delivery of this joint.
Friendly chef owner, good food, very fair prices, this is now one of my go-to places. I highly recommend it!
Although I read yelp reviews often, I've been holding out on writing any of my own. I finally made an account today just so I can give this place a 5-star rating. The friendly owner and tasty food warmed my cold, cynical heart today. 

My friend and I ordered the Korean savory pancake and the vegetable bimbimbap. The vegetables were fresh and crispy, and the ingredients and flavors were well-balanced. Great little spot for a quick, casual bite to eat. 

What makes this place 5-star worthy was the owner, who was unbelievably accommodating, generous, and friendly. The place has a neighborhood feel that makes it a very welcome addition on South Street. I'll definitely be back!
It isn't easy to find Korean in CC, and the options are so few that we haven't had any bibimbap in....wow, can't even remember! So when I noticed BAP's signage while walking home after grocery shopping, I made a mental note to try them asap since their opening special of $5 bibimbap is awesome!

You can't beat a cheap meal, and especially one that's prepared with obviously fresh vegetables! My husband picked up our dinner right before I got off from work, but it's so cold outside we had to reheat them - thankfully the microwave didn't ruin anything. He got the beef and I opted just for the vegetables, both of which came with an egg. The variety of veggies is great, but most importantly they are clearly fresh, not frozen or canned, and it makes a huge difference with bibimbap. The sauces were good, but I felt like the veggie one lacked a little bit on flavors. Spicy level was minimal when you mixed everything together, so I ended up adding more for myself. We will certainly be back for more yummy, healthy, and quick takeout from this super cute spot!
Note: I did takeout (Ubereats). Ordered the beef bowl, but the beef was disappointingly under-marinated - have definitely had better. Also paid an extra $1 for the dolsot (stone pot) style, which produces some crispy rice on the parts of the dish that are supposed to rest in a hot stone bowl for awhile. However, none of that was present in my order either. 

Vegetable pancake was also pretty bland. Total came out to nearly ~$20 just for this lunch w/o delivery costs. Could definitely use some improvements.
3.5 stars (3 stars for food, 4 stars for price, service) 

BAP is a no frills traditional Korean food establishment that has been doing takeout this pandemic. The menu is just a few items long and largely consists of different types of bibimbap, all under $10. Ordering was really effortless -- I called ahead with my order for a vegetable and chicken bibimbap and it was ready within 15 minutes. Pickup was also easy and done at a window in the front of the store with a really nice elderly man who I assume is one of the owners. I was pleasantly surprised to find that they gave us free coffee packets which I have since used (I love me some Vietnamese iced coffee). 

The food itself was okay. With the price point, the speed of service, and the no frills menu, I assume the bibimbap is meant to compete with other fast food options, and as a result it should be critiqued as such. Within this category of food, BAP provides a light, healthy, and balanced alternative, which I appreciated. However I think the portion size of the vegetable one was a little small and the flavor slightly bland. You'd do better with spending that extra dollar for additional tofu or meat. Overall, though, it was fine for a $9 bibimbap if you're looking for it. If I lived in the area I could see myself going back if I needed a quick healthy meal and wanted to support a small local business.
I tried this restaurant because of the Yelp reviews.  The manager/Owner was quite pleasant.  Unfortunately, the food wasn't.  I tried the Shrimp pancake that was just OK.  While the beef soup was bland.  I won't return.
Look, I don't leave reviews on Yelp, but my boyfriend is from a korean family and we've been on the hunt for the best korean food in philly for a while now. This place has our hearts. 

Just a married couple with a small menu, but flavors that pack a PUNCH. Some of the most authentic Korean food we've had in Philly and easily the cheapest too! 

Great hospitality, great food. We're regulars.
Sorry but we were very disappointed in this place. We came there off of a Yelp recommendation but found the food to like taste and the portions to be small. I've had better bulgogi and smaller cities. The place is small which we liked and the staff were friendly but the food did not seem fresh and was not desirable we both have to beef bulgogi.
OOOO BAP. I love restaurants that only make 1 thing, but they make it right. Bibimbap is one of my favorite things in the world. With that said, you can choose a vegetarian, tofu, chicken, or beef version here. I like mine extra spicy, so I always get extra sauce on the side.

So why not 5 stars?

My wannabe Korean roots tell me that this should be served in a hot stone bowl if I am eating in ( FYI: only 6 seats in this establishment) . I love to here that sizzle of the rice cooking. However, cute old korean men cook it in a hot-stone in the kitchen and reassemble it in an alternative bowl. So, this was a disappointment. However, the flavors are all there.

Sometimes, they also have a beef bone soup for 5 dollars.  Don't forget to get some cinnamon ginger tea too!
Only been once, but because I'm new to the area I'm off to explore other establishments. The vibe of Bap, the name and the gentleman cooking were all perfect. It was just the end result of the food. It tasted like a dish I could reproduce at home. It lacked cohesion - one should not rely on the sauce to do this. It's as if an ingredient was missing, some old ancestry secret to make the dish perfect. If I lived on that block, sure it would be a local thing, but I don't - so Ciao Bello!
This place has a great Yelp reviews, but after having dinner here I would not give it four-star at all.  We ordered the Daily specials of Shrimp Pancake and Japchae. The Pancake served with six tiny slices at $6.95  was pretty pricy and could not really taste any shrimp inside. Japchae does not have any protein and it was priced at $9.95. The rest of the party ordered Beef Bibimap, and it was decent. 
Overall, the food here was over-prices for what they served.
Do you know how hard it is to find decently priced Dolsot Bibimbap?! Why does this city insist on $16 rice and vegetables with the possibility of meat? BAP, you are truly a gift from heaven for a girl trying to survive. From the sleek, barebones menu to the presentation, to giving me the option to add as much gochujang as I want at my table, to taking credit cards, I am so happy this place exists. Now, it was pretty empty when I went, but it seems like they are surviving from Uber Eats. 

My -only- critique is that dolsot bibimbap is better with a raw egg rather than pre-fried, so I'm going to try that special request next time I stop by. Other than that, the staff is very friendly, the atmoshpere is pretty cozy, and the food comes pretty fast. 

But I would recommend you skip on the pajeon: it's not that great and it's all about the stone rice bowl burning your mouth for an hour.
Great place for a quick stop for some good bibimbap!
I had the beef bibimbap. It tasted good! The egg was a little overdone and it was a bit cold (not served in a hot stone bowl) but overall, it was delicious and at $8, it's awesome for the price!
The service is very friendly!
Food is fast, cheap, and delicious.
I will definitely be back!
I stopped BAP one random walk to Whole Foods because it looked like a nice little joint with a good review rating. 
What I found was that this place was a nice little mom and pop joint where there was a sense of simple foods but in a contemporary area.
I've had my fare share of korean food while in philly, Los Angeles, New York and houston.
Honestly speaking. . . It is a standard price for korean food. A little higher than other joints. In all I spent over 15 dollars for a bowl of beef bibimpop and veggie pancake.
First the pancake. I didn't like that it was very eggy compared to all that I have tried. It lacked crispness and it lacked. . . Flavor. It was as if it was reheated, although I'm not sure. It wasn't hot and it wasn't crunchy and it wasn't tasty.
As for my bibimpop I wasn't impressed. It was very standard for 11 bucks. The veggies were assorted and it tastes exactly what it looks like, if you want the crispy bowl it jacks up to 12 bucks. I've been to many joints and I would say this caters to the not so asian crowd.
This is a small, simple and cute hole-in-the-wall. The owners are nice and kind, you can tell the restaurant is run a family initiative. Food is great. Environment is (and feels) clean. If you are want to try something different without having to pay a lot in town (Philly is city full of Pizza corners, Cheesesteaks, and Chinese Food), come here. You won't regret it.
The place is very very small and cute. The service is pretty quick. The food was good. All of this cost a little over $34 and it was pretty filling for two people. The soup was very meaty and great. 

The menu is limited but that's great if you are  indecisive. It's definitely better than the ones down town but around the same price. The bibimbap stone pot was very good and fresh!
No frills, no non-sense...just simple good food.

Ordered the tofu bowl. Came out really fast, all the ingredients seemed fresh and it was a good size portion. The sauce was the best part. It had a small kick so if you aren't a fan of a little spice ask for it on the side and if you like it a lot they have bottles on all the tables.

Owner was extremely nice and I walked in with him and presumed wife cutting fresh vegetables in the kitchen which gave it a very genuine wholesome vibe.
Pretty good. 4 stars because this was my first time having bibimbap. But I have become a fan.
Nice quaint little hole in the wall for the basic Bibimbap or jap chae. Extremely small menu but overall quality was okay. Portion size it was filling not over the top but enough to be full. 

Price was moderate. Shrimp pancake, beef Bibimbap and soondobu soup was about $36 for the two of us. 

Normally the Bibimbap is separate and I would mix it myself but in this case they mixed it for me before I got it...so it'll get an average rating...
Great hole in the wall on South Street. A few dollars to expensive for my chicken meal, but it was still very flavorful: sweet, tangy, and spicy (the bowl was missing some crunch, however). Good combo. Chicken meat was processed, so that was a shame. And there probably wasn't enough sauce. But as I was thinking--this is a little overpriced and lacking in a few areas--I had gobbled it all down. Actually delicious, even though it could be a bit cheaper.
Kudos for being open in the snow. This is my second time here. I pass it by on my way home from work and frequently tell myself that getting takeout is not a good idea. I've only had the beef bibimbap and it leaves we very satisfied. The food is made fresh and full of flavor. I would like to try the japache next time. Craving some beef after shoveling my car. The owner is super friendly and it's so nice to have this place a block away from my house.
My fav Bibimbap in the city! I never had bibimbap before coming to this place, and now I'm hooked. They don't have a lot of choices on the menu, but the items they do have will not disappoint. Never too busy, great food.
Got this during COVID takeout season. Clean, fast, and healthy. With a varied blend of vegetables, choice if meat, egg and sauce with rice for the bibimbap, the dish is a solid go to for something light and refreshing. The only minus is that the portion is not terribly hefty for the price point but given the pandemic, definitely willing to support local businesses. Would recommend though if in the area and are in the mood for a casual lunch!
NOTE: I would rate this place 3.5 stars but Yelp doesn't give 0.5 stars.

This place is a very small restaurant with very limited menus, but as an one-time customer, there were definitely enough choices to choose from. I got the vegetable bibimbap. The food came very quickly and even though at first glance, it looked very little, it was actually quite filling. There was a good ratio of vegetable to rice and the sauce was definitely a good kick of flavour. The staff was very nice. 

The only downside was that it was pretty expensive for just one bowl of rice. I know it was a bit cheaper than other places that serve bibimbap by around ~$1-2 but there were no side dishes served at this place, which I thought made the price not as worth it even if it was cheaper by a bit.

However, if you want a quick bite, this place is the one for you.
I received a great big bowl filled with fresh vegetables, spicy sauce, and a perfect over easy egg. Extraordinarily quick service, under three minutes to get my order. It's a great place for a quick healthy bite.
I'm originally from Los Angeles, so I am accustomed​ to eating amazing Korean food from K-town. 

This place hits the spot whenever I am craving for bibimbap​! I always order the chicken bibimbap​​ on a stone plate; it's just too good! It's a mom and pop shop, so the owners are always there whenever I come in, and they are honestly the nicest people ever! I always order the same thing, so whenever I walk in, they already know what I want! That's what I call some loyal customer service. 

I 100% recommend trying this place out if you're in the mood for bibimbap!​​
