Dope brunch spot. I'm not in Philly often so I wouldn't want to repeat a restaurant, but it'll be hard to pass up Bar Hygge next time I'm visiting. 

The brunch menu is fairly small (around 7-8 ish entree options) but luckily everything sounds great. I went with a breakfast frittata - stuffed with goat cheese and veggies, drizzled with a spicy green sauce and topped with crunchy onion rings. Yup you heard me right - topped with a mound of golden fried onion rings. Pure perfection. The frittata was  also massive and covered my entire plate. 

While my frittata was amazing, I have to admit that I liked my fiance's biscuits and gravy even better. I only snuck a few bites unfortunately, so I'll have to order for myself next time.

Portions are large and prices are fair. Everything is in between 10-14 dollars. Only thing I didn't   love about my meal was the cold brew which had sort of an odd flavor.

The decor is charming and is filled with antiques and cool artwork. Outdoor tables were filled but I wasn't mad because of how cute the interior was. 

The verdict? The perfect pick for a lazy weekend brunch in Philly. Very happy that my friend led us here!
4.5 Stars. The only thing I dislike about Bar Hygee is that it moved into the area after we moved out. Ugh! To think this would've been our neighborhood hang and just a stones thrown from our home. ((Sigh)) We will be neighbors again! One day, one day... 

First and foremost, it's pronounced "hoo-gah" which is definitely not the way I had been saying it. At all! It's of Danish origin and super hot right now! How can a word be "hot and happening"? Well, it's more than than a simple funny sounding word, it's a feeling, a way of life. It means to be present, in the moment. Mindful. At peace, enjoying the simple pleasures in life. An all around comfortable, positive vibe. Cozy and happy, surrounded by all things and people who bring you joy. They must be onto something with this "Hygee" thing as the Scandinavian countries are home to the happiest people on earth! Hmmmm. 

The overall aesthetic here is quite lovely, fun and  welcoming. Very thought out details and many different seating areas. There's a bar with a super cool reclaimed looking wood tap, tufted cozy booths with exposed bricks behind. Casual  picnic tables, romantic two tops and my favorite, a lounge type area with mixed matched furniture with various vintage like frames, mirrors and local art. Very cool! 

I believe Bar Hygee is a great option for anyone and at any time. It's very versatile! Date night, brunch with the entire fam, happy hour with specials for young professionals, late night post-concert or game snacks, tasty din, meeting up with friends for drinks! It's really a great option...period. 

You're definitely going to want to go ahead and try one their house-brewed beers. After sampling a few, the 'Grooving Grinds' remains a lighter favorite for us. If you need help deciding which to try, just ask your sever or the bartender. Not only were they extremely knowledgeable of all ales, they gave us a sample when we were unsure! They also informed me the owners (who also own Earth, Bread & Brew in Mt Airy) do not believe in flights so don't expect to see those offered anytime soon. If you would've told me there would be a place that brews their own beer this end of Fairmount years ago, I may have laughed. Fantastic addition to this always flourishing neighborhood! Happy that the area technically known as  'Francisville' is creating a name for themselves to those beside us who knew years ago what this area had the capability of being! Check out the vats behind glass to the left in the lounge area! If beer is not your thing, their cocktails are rather great as well! The lavender was a favorite! Very light and refreshing!

One thing not to miss is creating a unique board! One item is $7, three for $18, five for $29. That may not sound like much for those prices but they are served with seasonal accompaniments, evoo rolls and house toast so it's definitely enough for a fun, shareable option! There are so delicious veg options too! We have tried Brussels with chili lime glaze, pecan and avocado puree, sweet potato bread and eggplant and squash  carpaccio. We would recommend all. 

We have been here a few times, always enjoyed ourselves in a relaxed atmosphere with tasty food and look forward to many more visits. We highly recommend giving it a go if you haven't already. And if you have, try it for another one of their fab offerings like cheap tacos for happy hour or a filling boozy brunch!

Street parking in the area isn't too hard to find this far down Fairmount.
I love this place, and I wish it was in my neighborhood! 

While I don't get to the Fairmount area too often, I think Bar Hygge is worth a trip. From house-made brews to a thoughtful wine list, cocktails and impressive whiskey selection, they have libations covered. 

The dinner menu is filled with surprises, like the build-your-own board. A handful of cheese and charcuterie options are there, but there are also tons of interesting selections like charred octopus, calabrian chili arancini, roasted sunchokes and much more. Great idea and super unique!

The rest of the menu offers a mix of elevated bar food and a nice array of entrees. There is an impressive use of vegetables across the menu and the descriptions sound really enticing. Though I only had a few bites from a board on my recent visit, I've got Bar Hygge at the top of mind for the next time I want to try something new and different for dinner.
Sunday, November 25. 

About 13 of us who Brunch on Sunday's were lucky enough for fellow Yelpie Alexandra K. to have chosen Bar Hygge when she hosted this event. 
Our server was devine in that she complied with our separate checks request. It's just easier that way for us. Even with separate checks they did add the tip but most of us I believe left her more because she was a fabulous server, along with a food runner. The reception area was staffed by a lovely young lady too. 

Zagat states " Hygge' is Danish for 'cozy camaraderie".  Well, They have that nailed here.
The conversations was able to flow well due to the long table ending at a banquette type area on which 5 were seated facing the table. The minimal times where I wasn't talking I looked around and saw that everybody was having a good time and everybody was enjoying their cocktails. It was a chill yet warm vibe also due to the huge picture window bathing our table in gentle light. 

A short stop at the bar to change a bill to facilitate quicker payments allowed me to meet the friendly bartender Who has been here from the beginning-  three years. He was conversant and friendly While never missing a beat while Simultaneously making cocktails.
I apologize to the anyone reading this review But I'm totally blanking on the names of the bartender and a server. They were very good.

My menu: 
- Bloody Mary
- Eggs Benedict w Pork Belly. 

The bloody Mary was a step above the standard American bloody Mary. It was slightly darker due to the spices being a little stronger. Spices lined the rim giving it that extra kick along with making the glass pretty. 2 cubes of provolone with a razor thin slice of prosciutto( I think)  wrapped around them took this Bloody Mary to the next level. 

I have a favorite saying "Everything is better with bacon".  At this brunch  I'm changing that to everything's better with pork belly. My entree was 2 perfectly poached eggs atop spinach and pieces of pork belly. 
Can you say " Delicacy Heaven?"

I can't wait to bring friends back here. Loved it!!!
I've been meaning to check out Bar Hygge after seeing other Yelpers post delicious food pictures from the place, so I made a reservation for my husband and I for a Wednesday night. 

The weather had been getting a lot colder, but we lucked out this Wednesday night and enjoyed some mid 50 degree weather. Since indoor seating at Bar Hygge isn't ready yet, everyone was seated outside. The outside seating was more than fine. Every table was spaced out and had a heat lamp next to it or above it. The hostess even offered us blankets if we didn't find the heat lamps sufficient, which was a really good idea. I'm not sure if other restaurants are doing this too, but this definitely gets Bar Hygge extra points. 

For our drinks, I had the Lemon Meringue IPA and my husband had the Cast Iron (Nitro), which is a dry Irish stout. The Lemon Meringue IPA drinks like any other IPA but was light and refreshing. My husband enjoyed his Irish stout. Other than their house-brewed beers, Bar Hygge also has a small but decent wine selection, and delicious cocktails -- cold AND hot.

For food, my husband and I shared a Hygge Board, with pork speck, fried artichokes, blistered Shishitos, crispy brussel sprouts, and the Sottocenere cheese with Truffle. 

The Hygge Board was all right, fun to pick on. The fried artichokes were delicious, but they only gave us 4 lil bite size pieces. Serving sizes for the other items were pretty generous. The Shishito peppers were served with a pesto sauce, and were on the spicy side. The brussels sprouts were good. The pork speck was nicely sliced and arranged in a nice big pile. Finally the Sottocenere cheese had a truffle rind, and had hints of truffle as I ate it. I am a truffle fan, but this cheese was just ok. 

Then my husband and I split a Toddy Time, a hot cocktail to warm us up. Overall, I liked the drinks but not so much the food. You do have to order food if you're planning on ordering drinks. And you have 90 minutes to dine, which is pretty standard in restaurants in Philly during COVID times.
The vibe to this place is great and so was the brunch, definitely recommend making reservations, we did through Resy. 

We sat in the lounge and the ambiance with upholstered chairs and sofas was that of anthropology meets a whisky lounge. They had hand sanitizer on all the tables and the staff were all wearing mask 

The French toast were incredibly decadent and more like a bread pudding. The potatoes were so perfectly crispy and accompanied with a nacho cheese sauce, avocados, pico de Gallo , chives and the unfortunate part a hard poached egg. Even though the egg didn't have the runny consistency of your traditional poached egg, the meal did not disappoint. Honestly cannot wait to go back! The service was great too
Don't get me wrong, I love this place....but after tonight's rude service I cannot give more than one star. After being waited on during dinner service and spoken to by the owner, the bar staff decided to ignore my party, completely. After deplinishing our water and drinks the bar staff never once asked if we wanted another - instead the staff snickered to each other about the patrons and other staffers. How professional.
Bar Hygge makes me so happy. Even with my initial experience of being told there'd be an hour plus wait for a table and a trip to the restroom, I was already enamored. 

Perhaps it's the gorgeous digs. This new brewery makes great use of an industrial space while have a dark but inviting, comfortable vibe at the same time. Perhaps it's the polished and professional staff. I think by the second hour of my visit I had already told two employees how great it is. 

Despite being a bit crowded and the wait time, I think everyone, customers and staff alike, were just happy to be there and it showed. 

It's actually kind of funny, because I didn't really love any of their brews. During my visit I had the IZZI Brown Ale, Alchemy Porter, Fingerprint #1 Pale Ale and Exaggerator Dopplebock. I think the reason is that they aren't my typical style beer; I could tell though that there was some solid brewing action going on. Their guest beer list was A+. During my visit I thoroughly enjoyed the Half Acre GoneAway and Alesmith Anvil ESB. Between their own brews and guest taps, I think this place is going to be pretty fun.

So we split half the visit at the bar and half on the couch. Yes! Couch. It was cozy and laid back. The perks of being at home or a friend's place with a server and better menu. The service was attentive, positive and delightful to interact with. 

Speaking of delightful, the boards are just as delightful as everyone has already mentioned. My husband and I split a 5 item board getting the slab bacon, crispy Brussels, Moroccan sweet potatoes, Hudson Valley Duck and Delicapra (semi-soft goat cheese from Spain). The board also came with two different kinds of bread, an herbed butter and a jam. Everything was SO good.  They also gave us a little starfruit with nuts prior to the food arriving. Nice touch, nice touch. 

If Bar Hygge is already showing all of the qualities of excellence with less than a month of being open, I can't wait to see this new restaurant and brewpub truly develop into a cornerstone in the Philadelphia beer and restaurant scene.
Bar Hygge (HOO-GUH) is one of my favorite spots in the city for good beer, good food, and cozy atmosphere. The selection and flavor of the Brewery Techne beers are second to none - there's something for everyone. The food menu is not vast, but there are options for even the pickiest eaters, including vegan and vegetarian options. I've been here for both dinner and brunch, and I've never had too long of a wait.

Hygge is a Danish word for "coziness and comfortable conviviality that engenders a feeling of contentment or well-being." There's nothing on the menu that particularly screams "Danish," but Bar Hygge is nothing short of cozy and comfortable. It's a great spot to converge with friends and share a meal with your loved ones.

Beer! Get the beer. Or the cocktails! The cocktails are great as well. Cheese boards - so many options. Definitely a great starter. For dinner, I can highly, highly recommend the burger. I know - it's a burger. However, a well-made burger with a soft, buttery bun, cooked to perfection and oozing flavor? It's better than the "Best Burger in Philadelphia" that I tried last year - by a long shot. It's one of the most memorable meals I've had in a while, and despite it's gargantuan size, I devoured the entire meal (and promptly went home to bed).

This spot is a true gem. It's a proper go-to for solid beverages, a cozy meal, and a fully, happy tummy.
I've been out of the review game for quite a while so pardon my rusty adjectives :)Bar H has been a favorite since it's doors opened. Stretching into an area with historically sparse competition along Fairmont, you will find the drink and food of high quality and unique taste. Delicious all the way around and service is tops. Treat yourself and those  looking for a nice change to this place. Dinners great. And the bloodies for a weekend nooner second to none. Five stars for menu, ambiance and service!  Will
"Are you ready for another round?"
"Hmm, yeah. I'm trying to find one I haven't tried yet."
"You've had them all, actually."

Now that I've powered through Hygge's entire beer list (and a chunk of their board selections...) during the span of three recent visits, I feel like it's safe to profess my love.

Bar Hygge is a superb addition to the city's brew scene, but more importantly, a huge advancement for Francisville. It's so exciting to have more activity in the neighborhood and to have them right down the street. They've filled Flying Carpet's void and added much more.

Prepare to walk into a warm, inviting and simple space. There are no TVs. One room has a splattering of chairs, couches and tables, like a communal living room. Then there's the bar area -- they have hooks! -- and a regular dining room with tables and wraparound booths. There's a single-stall toilet upstairs, but if that's occupied or if you want extra privacy, head downstairs to their super awesome, clean stalls.

As for the beer? They currently have six in-house brews via Brewery Techne and four guests from the likes of Alesmith, PBC, Half Acre, and Cigar City.

From the Techne choices, Alchemy, a Baltic porter, is my running favorite. I'd also have to recommend the Exaggerator, their brand new doppelbock. Fingerprint, a pale, is sure to be a crowd pleaser. Very easy drinking -- would be great in the warmer months.

Hygge also seems to have a thing going for the smokes. If you like bacon undertones in your brew, go for the Grinding Grooves or Doon the Watter. Also be sure to check out the ever-funky Izzy brown ale. It's a nice getaway from your typical brown without being too weird.

If you're not into the suds, you're also in luck. Hygge also has a bunch of wines and cocktails available. I haven't had any of them yet, so I can't speak to their quality.

Moving on to food! I love that they give you a little complimentary sample before your food arrives. It definitely amps up the anticipation and lets you try something totally new, like a spicy?? starfruit.

Boards are a little pricy, but they could also act as your dinner. Pick one, three or five. I prefer picking three for a solo binge. The boards generally come with bread, jams or mustards mixed in. I've had both cheddars (the porter cheddar is phenomenal!), as well as their brie, bacon (3 times...), and beef.

Their bacon is a must-try, as is the beef. One of our super nice bartenders let me know that their head chef was previously employed by DiBruno Bros, which has certainly benefitted this establishment!

Full meals are also an option. I once ordered the big-kid grilled cheese with healthy veggies in it (like cauliflower and kale), but I had to box the whole thing because the board filled me up!

It's also necessary to give a serious shout-out to the staff here. They have been incredible! Each time I've stopped in, they've all been crazy-nice, knowledgeable about the menu items, and efficient despite the incessant crowds. They even worked with our group as we tried to figure out our final headcount during a busy weekend evening.

I'm likely moving from the neighborhood in a few months, which now bums me out. But near or far, Bar Hygge excels at what they do. They should become a destination spot for beer drinkers everywhere.

Good luck, guys! See you again soon.
Bar Hygge is a roaringly popular place for groups and for date nights, if huge lines on weekend nights is any indication. Despite the fact that its name suggests cozy, homey, candlelit surroundings in a Danish or Scandinavian way, the overall decor feels like a standard Irish pub, which is not a bad thing if you enjoy a young, lively, but not douchey atmosphere.

As is the case for a place that calls itself a "gastropub," Bar Hygge offers a well-curated selection of beers (from in-house Brewery Techne) plus fare that's several notches elevated from typical pub grub. As for the beers, I quite enjoyed the Anti-Burn (a sour), the Nutty Professor (an American brown ale), and the Sonic Death Monkey (a Belgian strong golden ale). Crisp, full-bodied stuff.

As for the food, there's lots of good stuff to choose from. The fried buttermilk chicken bites were full of #win for me, while I jealously eyed other parties enjoying a variety of options ranging from po-boys to polenta to cheese plates. Service is super friendly, attentive, and fast here, despite the roaring level of business. Simply a great find thanks to all of you here on Yelp!
Updating my review because I usually go here once a week, and I went here 3 days in a row once (lol). Every Thursday I have date night w/ my fiancé and we try to branch out, but generally end up too lazy to travel further than the few blocks we have to walk to Hygge after a long day at work. Their cocktails are almost always really good, the service is fast/very friendly and I really love the atmosphere. I haven't had a ton of the beers which seems strange since this is a brewery, but I think their cocktail creations are honestly on par with the beer. 

The menu changes seasonally, with them making updates super often when they first opened, and now it seems as though they have hit their groove with how often they make updates to the menu (once or twice a season). I am currently looking forward to their spring cocktails. I don't eat here often or really ever which I will admit is extremely strange since I have been here probably 40 times at this point, but the food generally looks good. I am really here for the cocktails and to escape the bro scene that spans 18th and Fairmount to 24th and Fairmount. But yeah in addition to the trendy name, Bar Hygge is consistently good and a diamond in the rough along Fairmount Ave-- there is a reason they made the top 50 bars in Philly this year.
Much improved! I had previously given Hygge a two star rating, but we've been back (given it's so close to where we live) and had a couple of really lovely dinner experiences on midweek nights. 

The customer service is significantly better, particularly the initial greeting by the host. And the food seems to be getting better - we've had more success the pub-oriented dishes, their burgers really are terrific.

So, thanks Hygge, we're really pleased to have you in the neighborhood!
It's a bit of a mixed picture...  

On the upsides... 
Some lovely serving staff (particularly the bubbly young lady who serves the water - please promote her!), tasty food (sharing boards were good) and beer (like the Izzy).  Decent wine selection too.  Neat decor and a good place to hang out.

Downsides... 
The hostess is particularly unfriendly (was unhappy about letting us sit on a sofa when there were only two of us, but there were two sofas unclaimed - oddly controlling!).  

It's a bit too into its destination bar vibe and not working hard enough at being a neighborhood gem.  That's the crux of my sadness - we watched this place getting built and were really looking forward to having a fantastic new local pub, where the staff get to know you.  Naive, I know!  I'm not sure that's how it's going to shape up.  

Also, the "half pint" pricing is way off - it costs two-thirds of a "full pint". That's just out of order! Similarly the entrée size and pricing just don't correlate. I had a scallop dish that was basically an appetizer pitched as an entrée. This is a brewpub. So provide brewpub portions please (and not just for burgers / unhealthy options)!

Finally, you guys seriously need some sound reducers. It's so loud in here you can't hold a conversation.

There's no question this place is phenomenally popular, and we're pleased to see its success and wish it well.  Just disappointed it probably won't become the awesome "local" gastropub we'd hoped for.
O-m-YUM! Came here for the first time with a friend for brunch. Sunday mornings are pretty busy for me so by the time I hit lunch/brunch I'm looking for something good and filling with a good cup of coffee to get me through the rest of the day.

Definitely got ALL of that at Bar Hygee! Got the brunch burger with bacon. It was cooked perfectly and super juicy. The potatoes that came with it were crispy perfection and the coffee was good. Ticked all my boxes. We were there a little later so it wasn't too crowded. Our waitress was super nice and attentive. I'll be back for sure!
Great and interesting food with only okay beers, Bar Hygge is a welcomed addition to the Fairmount neighborhood. 

If you come to Bar Hygge, come early and with a good group of friends you can share with. This will maximize the amount of unique dishes you can sample. Arriving at 7pm on a Saturday night was probably a bad idea, but we managed to force our group of four in at the inviting bar while we waited for a table (we ended up with a coffee table in the side room, but beggars can't be choosers). While at the bar we tried some of the house made brews, and I wasn't too impressed, but as someone who is not a fan of Ales or IPAs, it's probably not to big of a surprise.

Where Bar Hygge really excels is in the food options. If you're looking for light fare, stick to the Hygge Boards, in which you can pick one, three or five items. My group ordered the Crispy Brussels, a soft cheese, and a duck pate. Being fatties, we also ordered a bunch of entrees too, starting with the crispy and delicious Hygge Frites with Kennebec Potato, sea salt & pepper, assorted dipping sauces. Next was the Waffle Wings, with Chili brined organic wings (a light and crispy breaded outside), waffle tempura, Pennsylvania maple, pickled watermelon (my favorite), and mild hot sauce. After that, we split the Grass-fed Beef Burger with Shelbourne 2 year cheddar, beer braised onions and fries. The burger is a slider and you only get one, but it's juicy and perfectly cooked. Next out was the Organic 'Cluck-Cluck' BBQ, Grilled and braised chicken, on top of cheesy grits-cakes, ancho and guajillo chili sauce, crispy hominy, jicama and kale salad, and avocado vinaigrette. I'm not sure what half of that stuff even is, but whatever it was is totally working in this dish, especially those cheesy fried grit cakes. Finally, we ended with the Fregola Mac n' Cheese, which consisted of broccoli and melted leeks, raclette fondue, roasted tomato gremolata. So a play on mac and cheese with stewed tomatoes, it had a strong broccoli taste I really enjoyed, and the fregola instead of pasta adds a new interesting texture. 

Overall, I have a feeling we'll be back many times at Bar Hygge. While I was ambivalent about the beers, the unique food options is more than enough to keep me coming back for more.
Last weekend, I ascended up (my fiance kindly informed me after reading over my shoulder that the "up" is not required in this sentence, sorry) to Fairmount to sample what Bar Hygge has to offer. My other-half and I used to joke about the concept of hygge and coziness, so it was just a matter of time until we penetrated this place's interior.

We sat at a high top facing the restaurant-front which is entirely glass. Perfect for people watching and creeping the sidewalk. 

I was actually initially going to go with the 2 farm eggs any style but then the asparagus frittata caught my eye. I'm not even particularly fond of asparagus or onions, the two main ingredients but I couldn't pass up anything containing lemon ricotta. This place was able to accomodate my preference of no onions unlike some other places that have this shit all pre-made and thus substitutions and alterations are impossible. 

The frittata was decent but I was somewhat disappointed. I was barely even aware of the ricotta and honestly forgot it was there. Perhaps it would have tasted better with the onions (in the event that I liked them). Don't get excited about the heirloom cherry tomato and basil salad because it consists of about 2 cherry tomatoes on top of the frittata. My main squeeze ordered the brunch burger with all the good shit a cheeseburger normally has PLUS something they refer to as "samurai ranch" as well as the option addition of bacon. This was greatly enjoyed. I sampled a little bit of the bacon and it was divine.

We, as a side, ordered the crispy brussels sprouts. My only complaint is that they were slightly too salty but otherwise they were absolutely delicious. The texture was PERFECT for brussels sprouts. If you like brussels sprouts you must come to this place and order this shit.

Bae also ordered a bloody mary and despite my high standards, I actually enjoyed the one they're serving up. 

This is a good place to come to for a bite and a beverage in Fairmount.
Disappointing because it is in the neighborhood and I really wanted to like it more.  Does not feel like a destination place as much as where to go if you live nearby and are feeling lazy.

PROS
Cozy atmosphere.

CONS
Such a limited beer menu.  
Highly awkward waitress.  
The food was meh.  Beef stew was dry.  The $15 burgher was extremely small and dry, though the bun was good.  

RECOMMENDATION
For a much better grass-fed burgher go up the street to Hickory Lane.
Got a last-minute reservation on a Saturday night, so we got off on the right foot. Creative menu, delightful server, excellent food. I had the grilled peach salad and loved everything except the creamy ricotta base. It was just too much and made the salad too heavy. But otherwise, love. Do recommend.
I love Bar Hygge for the incredible food menu, impressive cocktails, and cozy bar space. But I love it even more for the amazing beers that Brewery Techne brews on site. So ultimately its one of those spaces where I wish I could give 10 stars!

I've loved all of these things for going on two years now, but I've also long ago alluded to the fact that I'm a slacker sometimes. And it took a stellar visit after a Franklin Institute trip that had me enjoying their impressive board offerings for the first time to successfully jog my memory.

For a lot of places if you order a board off the menu you're either getting a bunch of cheeses, a bunch of charcuterie items, or a mix of both that kind of has you wanting more of everything on it. But Hygge Boards take it to a whole new level by having you choose between those amazing cheeses, proteins like crab & cucumber toast or fig & pistachio terraine that blends pheasant with duck and pork, and vegetarian items like crispy brussel sprouts and a spaghetti squash salad. And whether you choose one, three, or five of them you're doing so for a good price point.

IF sharing food off a board isn't you're thing then you might want to show up during brunch for a pork belly eggs benedict or an Elvis inspired king stack of pancakes, or dinner for things like a grass fed beef burger or tofu al pastor tostadas. But this is a rare brewery where my favorite thing on the menu might just be their seasonal salads!

Beer is obviously the main event thanks to Brewery Techne, and I love that their extensive tap list is one that isn't too IPA heavy. Favorites of mine include the smoked Swedish farmhouse ale Goth-Land, the Avant Garde biere de garde that's brewed with orange peel and peppercorns, and the citra hopped Lemon Meringue IPA. They even have 2 awesome brews that donate proceeds to local institutions like the Lynn Hoffman Library and Laura W. Waring School!
Found this place our last night in Philly. Exhausted and not wanting to drive anywhere but also not wanting to walk forever to find somewhere to eat, Yelp directed us to this gastropub in the same neighborhood as our Airbnb. It also came recommended by our hosts. Also....it helps that there are brussels sprouts on the menu. :-P
...just don't ask me to pronounce the name...
I don't know how busy or hopping this place gets, but 7pm-ish on a Sunday night seems like a slow time and you are sure to get a table and attention from your server.

Speaking of the server, service here was great! A breath of fresh air after a few distinctly....I don't know....experiences with what I have been told is sort of the 'Philly attitude'. Not exactly rude, but not exactly friendly. The servers here were absolutely on the friendly side! Smiles and recommendations, explanations of the beer and how the menu is built. I would describe this place as hipster without the hipster attitude. I really, really liked it!

We started with drinks. I got the Saint Lavender cocktail. Saint Germaine and lavender? I am sold. It was light and refreshing and just delicious! Later I was thinking about getting a second drink, and they let me sample the cherry sour. It wasn't quite to my taste, but I appreciate that they allow tastings!
For my meal, I got a plate with the brussels sprouts and the quinoa veggie sliders. The sprouts were fantastic! I only wish there had been more of them! They came with bread and a....lemon zest-y butter. Not my favorite thing ever, but it was interesting and nice to try!
The sliders were really interesting too! I might not order them again, but I am glad I tried them. They tended to fall apart a bit when you eat them, but the taste was good! I am not vegetarian but I like non-meat things that aren't just salads and this fit the bill.

I was very happy with my meal and time here!
Not surprisingly, Bar Hygge was poppin' early last night. While walking down the street, I noticed hoards, literally like 3 or 4 groups of people just funneling in the doors of this restaurant. In my selfish/hungry state, I was thinking, "oh, great." This didn't seem to phase the staff one bit. 
The establishment is a restaurant that "hosts" a brewery and features its beers, alongside a wine and cocktail list. Essentially, it is part brew pub, part restaurant, and they have a fully functioning full bar. The brews are great. Techne, the brewer, is putting out some really solid brews. I really enjoying the porter and the H.O.P., a hoppy ale. 
I tried the vegan "pulled pork" sliders, which is incorrectly advertised and also happens to be delicious. This item might make you think there is some of that fake meat shit on it, but in reality its mushrooms. Just mixed mushrooms in an awesome smoky sauce on a really buttery roll. With really, really delicious fries. We also had the mac and cheese which i think has some  Israeli cous cous, or some other different grain in there mixed along with actual mac. Also, several cheeses, veggies, and some roasted tomatoes on the side. Our friends got the waffle wings which came with mixed reviews, but to be fair were completely devoured, and the Hygge frites, hooked up style. This, apparently, comes covered in cheese, brisket, and is served along side "awesome sauce."
What really made our experience wonderful was the exceptional, top notch service. Our server was efficient, fast, kind, and accommodating. We were there for awhile, ordered a ton of beers, and even extended our party beyond the confines of our table. Essentially, we were kinda annoying and we knew it. We were never rushed and the service did not decline over the several hours we inhabited our table, despite the very packed restaurant. I will most definitely be back, and will keep note of the fact that there will be hoards of other people waiting to try the awesome sauce they are serving here. Literally.
We started with a round of drinks, after trying a perplexing cucumber and salmon sandwich brought out from the kitchen (which tasted mostly like cream cheese).  Our group of four ordered the sour ale, the house lager, and a (small) glass of the draft Pinot Gris ($10).  Both ales were underwhelming, with the sour ale lacking any sourness at all.  We then ordered one of the 3-choice boards - the duck with tarragon, the pickled cauliflower, and the goat cheese.  This was maybe the highlight, as at least everything on the board was tasty.  

We then ordered our main courses.  My wife had the Quinoa sliders.  For $14 for a non-meat slider, it came out with 2 small sandwiches that came without the advertised cheese.  $14.  I had the cauliflower that was crusted in sunflower seeds.  It seemed hastily thrown together, and the vegetables underneath it, along with the cauliflower, were dry in spots and overcooked in others.  Our friends split the wagyu beef, which they enjoyed and the sauce was good.  We ended the night with another round of beers, the Phoebe and the house lager.  The Phoebe was again underwhelming.

While a nice idea in theory, Bar Hygge seems more concerned with appearances than the proper execution of its menu.   An ambitious menu that falls flat on many fronts.
I must admit, I've been putting off this review for many weeks.  We live right around the corner and we were so excited for this to open.  We went a few times during their opening weeks, and had mixed experiences with the food.  We have not had mixed experiences with the beer and the service.  There isn't a beer on the list that isn't fantastic, and the service team is perfection (more on that later).

I've been holding out, because most places take some time to get their legs under them.  The happy hour was a great addition, but it really needs to go to 7:00, which (in my humble opinion) will lead to more people staying for dinner and attract more business folks from the neighborhood who don't get home from work until 6:00.  

I'm still struggling with the food though.  The sandwiches and the burger are very good, but pretty expensive.  The boards are good, but you have to know what to order.  Some of the portions are very small for the price.  I really disliked the wings from the opening menu:  the sweet batter was a huge misfire.  Recently, the wings changed to a Korean version, which is a huge improvement, and they keep tweaking the menu for the better.  Along with that, the serving sizes on the boards appear to be more substantial.  I just wish there were some more affordable options for frequent customers who live in the neighborhood:  maybe some weekday dinner specials?

I can't compliment the staff enough.  Stew and Julie are heavily involved with the day-to-day operations and will go to great lengths to accommodate.  The space is set up wonderfully for small groups, and Stew loves to talk beer and is always looking for feedback.  I commend them for pushing east on Fairmount, and it appears they're being rewarded with consistent crowds.  Now that the opening buzz has settled to a normal level, it has become a fantastic spot to drop in for a late drink and/or a quick bite.  Stew is always rotating the draft list, and his penchant for reviving odd beer styles is much appreciated.
My husband and I had a date night and decided to head into the city to check our Bar Hygge. This had to be one of the best not only dinners that we've ever had but also best overall experience! From the service and atmosphere to the food and beer and cocktails... Everything was superb. If you want amazing food and beer and cocktails to complement it, this is a must try! Everything that we got on the board was outstanding and the meals were equally as good. The "milk and cookies" dessert were perfect! 

I'm not a fan of IPA's however, I absolutely loved both that were on the menu. We will definitely be bringing home a growler or two the next time we are down there. They have a cocktail of the day and the one that they had when we were there was phenomenal. 

If you haven't checked this place out, you need to!! The owners Julie and Stew are so pleasant and friendly and the whole vibe was just so warm and welcoming! GET THERE!!
I came here for the first time after me and some friends checked out Terror Behind The Walls. I had heard good things about BH and this place lived up to the hype. 

1) I loved the environment. They have regular restaurant seating, but we sat in a cool intimate lounge area. It was really nice to relax on the nice couches in a smaller space verses being at a dinner table. 

2) The food and drinks were on point. I've never had an egg white in my cocktail before but it actually quite nice. For food we got the chicken bites, fries, and a cheese plate. Pleanty of food for our group of 5. 

Overall I have no complaints. This place was a cool spot with a great vibe. I'll definitely be back with the  wife for a date night. :-)
Soooooo excited this place took up space at 17th and Fairmount. It is a welcome change from the seemingly identical meh bars that line other blocks on the street. I have gone probably 5 times in the last 3 weeks. Sometimes its pretty packed but I would say generally there are seats available.

I love how the space is broken up with the lounge area and then the seating/bar area on the opposite side, hopefully in the summer they will put tables outside...hint hint ;). The interior is beautiful, service is pretty friendly and attentive. I haven't tried much of the food but it looks good, I did have some of the salt roasted beets which were tasty. It is also a nice touch that they give samples out on certain days of the week. 

I have only tried two of the beers, the Alchemy Porter and the brown ale. The porter is absolutely delicious, just roasty enough with a little bit of tang from the balsamic vinegar, which lightens it up a little. I sampled a double ipa of theirs too which was pretty good. Otherwise the beers are pretty standard, above average brews. I hope they do seasonal beers for the summer/fall/spring!

And a final note, the aperol spritz is damn good and strong, I could drink like 10 but I won't.
It's so rare that I make it over to Fairmount, so when I was in the neighborhood a couple of weeks ago, I thought I'd give Bar Hygge a try. It was a Friday night close to 8 PM and while most places had long waits, Bar Hygge had plenty of available seating inside. 

My overall observation of the place was that everything sounded better than the actual execution and the prices were way higher than they should be for what you get. The boards sound amazing, but in reality, the portion is crazy small even for what they are calling tapa sizes and the price is high. For $18, you get three items. For what we chose, that meant 2 slices of fried green tomatoes, 2 tablespoons worth of the most tiny sad octopus tentacles you've ever seen, and an accurately described portion of cheese with four baguette slices. The sheep's milk cheese was the best in value and in taste. The fried green tomatoes were hot and flavorful, but at that price I can't justify ordering them again when this is something that can easily and cheaply can be made at home. 
 
My husband and I also split the clam strip sandwich ($15) which comes with a side of fries. This was good, but was heavier on the aioli than I would have hoped for, and it could have used some more clams. Fries were fresh cut and tasty. 

Even the beer sounded better than it tasted. I had the blood orange Gose. It was only lightly sour with no blood orange flavor or those hints of coriander and salt you often get with a Gose. It was drinkable, but not memorable. I do like that they have them in two sizes. 

Service was fast and friendly and I like that they do have outdoor seating. It wouldn't be my first choice of places to go, but I returned, I'd definitely stick with the sandwiches.
Hygge... I'm still struggling with your name but it's unforgettable despite awkward on the phonetics.
Solid vibes at this place with their in-house brewed beer. The servers were excellent here; they were friendly, accommodating and quick. My friends and I came here post dinner on a Saturday evening around 8:30pm for some beer, fries and dessert. For beer we ordered Penelope, springtime and cask. The table favorite was Penelope which was refreshing but had better flavors  than the lighter options like springtime and cask. I also had their mascarpone gelato. Their fries were pretty crispy and well seasoned so I would definitely come back for them. I also noticed all of their desserts are all made at hygge as well. We got a chocolate peanut bar that was similar to a tasty cake. My friends said it was very rich and sweet as desserts should be if you're looking to fill that satisfaction. I would definitely come back if I'm in the fairmount area!
tl;dr whether you're aiming for brews and bites or a full dinner, this slick Fairmount gastropub has you covered

"Hygge" (pronounced "hue-guh") is a Scandinavian term referring to a moment of feeling coziness and comfort. And Bar Hygge embraces this term, offering upscale takes on American bar fare.

The large space channels industrial vibes, featuring incandescent bulbs and exposed brick. Choose to sit at the tastefully oblong glazed wood bartop, or aim for a black-matte booth along a wall crafted from repurposed wooden barrels. The music selection features 80s hits, that blend with chatter. The noise level overall is attenuated by extensive acoustic tiles across the ceiling.

My partner and I swung by Bar Hygge for an early weekday dinner to shared drinks and eats. To begin, we shared a Hygge Board of three items: the Andouille, the Smoked Bluefish Dip, and the Korean BBQ Mushrooms The board was served beside bread and salted butter (which itself has a nice depth of flavor). The andouille was a large, spiced, and savory sausage link, served over vibrant red cabbage sauerkraut with a spread of tangy mustard. While I appreciated that the latter two didn't drown out the taste of the sausage, sauerkraut erred on the overly subtle side. Next, the bluefish dip was a generously portioned bowlful, with the consistency of whitefish salad and the smokiness of lox. The dip was sprinkled with trout roe (each providing a snap of saltiness) and shaved horseradish. Finally, the mushrooms certainly tasted like KBBQ with their refined sriracha-like glaze, but I found myself wishing for a crisper texture, and the accompanying slaw was flavorless -- of the three, this was the only option one I wouldn't order again. For our main dish, we shared the Hygge Burger, and I was beyond pleased with our decision. The thick, juicy burger reached an In-n-Out level of richness, balanced out perfectly by the tang from the pickles and house sauce. Slices of bacon added a perfect crisp to an already solid sandwich. We also and upgraded to Crab Fries. I don't love steakhouse style, but these were well-fried and held up nicely to the toppings. The beer cheese had a subtle flavor, but was rich and comforting, and crab added a whole new dimension of flavor. Even the banana peppers, which I find can be notoriously overwhelming, provided pleasantly tangy and complementary notes. To drink, I opted for a Black is Beautiful brew -- the house stout on draught. With pleasant nutty and chocolatey aromas, this is an excellent offering for any coffee and dark chocolate enthusiasts.

Service was attentive without being overbearing. The in-house brews are as affordable as they are enjoyable, and the menu was distinctly chic while remaining approachable. At $60 (after tax and tip) for our meal, Bar Hygge proved to be a stellar and moderately affordable Fairmount dining option. Even though I don't live particularly close to Bar Hygge, I certainly see myself going out of my way to come back in the future.
Bar Hygge was so nice, we visited it twice! In one day. :) 

My guy and I stopped in yesterday for happy hour. Their happy hour is early, from 4-6:30. I know those hours aren't convenient for most 9-5ers, but I appreciate bars that have different hours. When you have an untraditional job with untraditional hours, it's nice to find a place that you can start drinking cheap beers before the masses arrive! The specials include 25% off draft beers, and a $10 board specialty. In the regular menu, you can make your own board, with appetizer, cheese and meat options. These are great, and typically would run you around 15-20 bucks! The hh $10 board has preselected options, so you can't make a custom one, but everything is delicious so you can't go wrong by ordering it. 

The atmosphere is really nice. It's very casual and relaxing. We called it 'nice Philly' atmosphere. For me, it was almost too relaxing for happy hour! I was a little bored. :) but that was just me. We actually went back later that night, around 11, for a late bite and drink. It was not crowded, but it was a bit more rowdy. 

For hh, we tried a few beers. The amber ale for him, and the saison for me. Both were very drinkable and good even for someone like me who typically is happiest with Miller Lite! They have two sizes for all beers. Small has a $4-$5 range, and large is about $6-$7. For late night, we tried a few house cocktails. These were great! He had a seasonal old fashioned, which was made with a house made root beer syrup - so yummy! I had a seasonal punch, made with vodka and a house made lavender lemonade mix. Tasted like adult pink lemonade!

I would definitely come back here. I would say it's good for both hh, dinner, and late night. But the menu is pretty small, so check it out before you make dinner plans to make sure there is something for you!
I've been here a few times for dinner and now twice for brunch. I am currently loving the brunch menu although I do wish they had more options. It's always moderately crowded when I've gone and I've always been able to be seated right away.

Most recently I had the Jacked up Fries for brunch. I asked for the eggs over medium instead of poached, but I'm sure it would have been fine either way. It was delicious! The cheese or whatever the sauce is was quite tasty. There was no need to add ketchup or anything as it was not dry.

The seasonal punch was also good although I would have preferred it to be sweeter.

I'm looking forward to trying more menu items soon as my previous go to brunch place had closed down .
The atmosphere was modern and cozy, the drinks were delectable, even the service was decent but the most important thing about this restaurant let me down: the food. I'm sick of these hipster restaurants reeling me in with their fancy decor and interesting menu ingredients and then leaving me in the dark with their food. 

1. The food is very overpriced. Don't come here and expect to spend anything under $45 for a party of two. Mind you the menu consisted of things such as a cheeseburger, lasagna, grilled cheese and a chicken sub. 

2. I ordered the $15 Chicken & Mortadella Hoagie and was very disappointed. If I'm going to spend $15 on a sandwich I want it to be the best damn one I ever had but honestly, I should have went to Primo Hoagies.  It was a cold sub with absolutely no flavor. I even tried to put more of their "tomato mayo" on the sub and not only did it not help but I was unknowingly charged 50 cents for it... unnecessary. 

I always enjoy trying out new restaurants but unfortunately, Bar Hygge didn't do it for me. Maybe I should have done the "boards" like everyone else around me. Unfortunately, a little slab of brie for $7 wouldn't have cut it for me.
came on a saturday night with some friends to grab some apps and drinks and tbh... pretty underwhelmed

i think they have a great deal on beer but if you're not a huge beer drinker you'll find this place a 3/5 like i did. 
i got a cocktail and mac and cheese bites. i only got 3 bites, 3 pieces of bread and butter... very underwhelming and the mac and cheese bites were nowhere near hot.

the menu also didn't have much options so i probably won't come back but to those that love this place, respect.
From the ambiance of the restaurant to the cocktails and charcuterie boards, everything was great! They brew their own beer which makes them very unique. Plan to go back here many more times!
Big fan of Bar Hygge!

I have visited twice, once for dinner and another time just for drinks. The first time was for dinner with my brother and his girlfriend when they were visiting Philly. The friendliness of this establishment was the first thing we all noticed. We arrived in the evening, I think it was about five minutes before 11:00pm. As is the case with most bar/restaurant combinations, the kitchen isn't open as late as the bar. The first question we asked before even being seated was if they were still serving food. The hostess checked the time and said that they close the kitchen at 11:00 but they would still serve us. The owner or manager overheard our question and immediately came over to say that he would notify the kitchen not to shut down so that we could place an order. After he walked away, the hostess told us that he makes sure that if they say the kitchen is open at a certain time that it stays open. I appreciate this since a lot of places try to close before the actual posted time. We already had a good impression and we hadn't even sat down yet.

They have a dining room, a lounge area with sofas, and bar seating. We chose the dining room since we were eating and were seated at a nice half circle booth. We quickly checked the menu and ordered Hygge Frites and Beer Steamed Mussels as appetizers. Then I chose a Clam Strip Po Boy and the other two ordered a Grass-Fed Beef Burger and a Pork Chop. The fries were very good and came with both ketchup and gremolata mayo (herb mayo). The mussels were also quite good and came with a big piece of a baguette for sopping up the broth. My po' boy sandwich was delicious with super crispy clam strips on top of buttery bibb lettuce and a soft hoagie roll topped with what looked like house-made pickles. One of the best po' boys I have ever eaten! The burger was a nice thick burger covered with melted cheese and had the most perfectly pink center ever seen in a burger. We all tried a bite of this burger and it was fantastic. I will definitely be ordering it for myself on a future visit. The pork chop, while still good, was honestly the item I was least impressed with. It was topped with a blueberry mustard seed compote and while I liked the creativity of mixing mustard seeds into the blueberry, it was still a bit too sweet for me to enjoy on top of a pork chop. Overall, the food was impressive and delicious.

Beer from the in-house Brewery Techne is available and I ordered multiple during both visits. While not every beer was a standout, some of them were really good. My favorites so far are the Kickin' Ash and Gristy Business. The Kickin' Ash is a German-style smoked lager that I really enjoyed and am absolutely hoping is still available on my next visit. Delicious smokey flavor in a easy drinking lager. I loved it! Gristy Business was a tasty IPA with more grain flavor than a typical IPA. Lemon Meringue IPA was another good IPA with some nice citrus flavor. Perkuno's Hammer is a Baltic porter which was decent but just not as good as others I have tried in the same style. Exaggerator is a doppelbock that was my least favorite. It was quite sweet and really malty and I'm starting to think that maybe this style just isn't for me. 

I highly recommend visiting Bar Hygge for food and beer and will definitely be returning many more times.
We loved it! Great vibe, fantastic service and the food is sublime. We have been eating our way through Philly so we avoided their "Boards" and watched with envy as several came out to nearby tables.

Did I mention yet they are a microbrewery? I tried a taste of a couple brews and settled on their very hoppy Fairgardenville  IPA. Their brew master likes to change it up -- we will be back for a tour.

My wife had Chardonnay and found the wait staff very helpful and knowledgeable in helping her pick.

They brought a bowl of something they called popcorn, made with duck fat, truffle oil and other spices. Wife ate it with two hands. I managed to take a pic, but not without a hand in it.

Wife had their Phoebe salad with crispy artichoke, baby leeks, baby greens, etc. She shared a wee small bite and scarfed it down...  

Then onto Salmon for her and grass fed burger with hooked up hyggee fries. She says innovative and delicious. I say burger was really good, second best I've had in Philly so far. BUT those fries? Hooked up includes brisket... call me amazed, second best brisket I've had, ever.

We passed on excellent desert menu. :(

Then met the owners Stew and Julie. Do it. Meet them, chat, see how much they care. Perfect end to our best meal in Philly so far. Definitely going back and soon!
Updated review // during COVID (outdoor dining)

I had a great brunch experience at Bar Hygge over the weekend! We sat on the sidewalk which was pretty cold (in the shade), but Bar Hygge tried its best by adding heaters and offering blankets. Unfortunately the heaters did not help but A for effort. Really wish we could have sat in one of the heated boxes, but not sure how to even make a res for those!

Food was excellent. I had a brunch burger with side fries Brussels in place of home fries. The burger was amazing though not cooked to my requested temperature. I wasn't a fan of having to pay an extra $2 to sub Brussels (and wasn't told up front) but they were tasty.

My reason for 4 stars was my disappointment in my brunch cocktail. I ordered off the regular drink menu as nothing off the brunch menu caught my eye. For my second round I asked for a little less simple syrup and was told the drink could not be modified as it was premade. Maybe it's just me, but I am always disappointed to have a premixed drink rather than one that is freshly made. With a great reputation and a very well stocked bar, I was surprised to hear they were offering premixed cocktails. I think service/attention to customers could also improve but it could have just been our server.
Trendy gastropub, really good food, great cocktails, great service, pretty good beer, above average prices = 4 stars.   

I ordered a 3-item board ($18), one meat, one veggie, one cheese. Pork belly was crispy on the outside and juicy with great flavor on inside.  Veggie we picked the eggplant mix which was finely chopped eggplant, with raisins, and a sweet sauce, highly recommended by our server. It was good, but I wasn't drooling over it.  My friend says the brussel sprouts are so much better, and we should have ordered that instead. The Ashville cheese was amazing! 

We also ordered the TROUT ($24), which looked like salmon, on a bed of lentils and squash. The fish was cooked perfectly with amazing flavor. The lentils were delicious in an amazing green sauce. The squash was very under-cooked and crunchy. However, this was my favorite dish, that fish was fantastic.  Second, we ordered fried chicken bites ($9?) with "awesome sauce." It was average, tasted like a fancy version of chick-fil-a nuggets.  

Drinks were amazing.  Each cocktail was very unique, blending liquors, candied ginger, different syrups, and even egg whites. So good ($12). The sangria was amazing also, but too expensive at $11/glass.  The beer was really good, and for $4/ glass, best bang for your buck. I tried 4 different types of beer, all were very good.  I would come back just for beer and appetizers.  

NOTE: this is a "brewery" but they don't serve flights! They don't even serve 4-5 oz. pours. So, if you come alone, and want to sample all their beers, you cant. Prepare to get drunk because the smallest pour they offer is 10oz.  I wish they would offer flights so I can sample them all.  Or, bring a friend and split all the beers.
Beer, cocktails, and food. This place ultimately reminds me of a burger place, but they only have one burger! They have other food that looked tasty but with that also comes a hefty price tag. This place was also recommended by our Airbnb hosts. 

I'll get the atmosphere out of the way first. I loved the setup to this place. Most places like this are cramped. This spot was trendier, high ceilings, and enough room for a crowd. The one thing that did standout about this place is they make their own beer. The food places like this that I've visited here in Louisville, Pittsburgh, St. Louis, Cleveland, Atlanta, etc etc... none of them make their own beer! They have beer, but none of them make it.

I only tried the Ripsnorter IPA. IPA fans out there should love this beer. Don't be afraid to order it.

The Food:
I've said it once and I'll say it a million more times. Louisville's Sidebar has the burger to beat in the Philadelphia Attorney medium(for me)... Also, how odd that it is named Philadelphia and I'm reviewing a place in Philadelphia. 

The burger here came with 2 year cheddar, beer braised onions, awesome sauce, house sesame bun, Hygge Frites -- I also added an egg for a buck. This burger means well, but it's a 8-9 dollar burger posing as a 15 dollar burger. Don't get me wrong... it was delicious. It just wasn't 15 dollars delicious. Along with that, I asked for my burger to be medium. It came out more on the medium-well to well side. 

My companion ordered the brussel sprouts. I wasn't a brussel sprout fan until... my partner made them for me. While they're not my favorite veggie... I wish I had them to snack on ALL THE TIME! The sprouts here are good - Chili lime glaze, toasted pecans, and avocado puree. They definitely made me curious about the brussel sprout. She also ordered the quinoa veggie sliders. She liked them. I didn't get to try them as they just didn't look appetizing to me.

The staff was perfect. No complaints there and we were seated promptly. 

I thought about ordering a board of food and mixing different meats, veggies, and cheeses. Even that seemed a little lopsided in price. One item for 7. Three items for 18. Five items for 29. The pictures look slim in the amount of food you receive. I'm by no means a pig, but if I'm paying 29 dollars for a five item sampler platter... I'd hope the platter to be larger or smaller and cheaper. 

On my next visit to Philly, I plan to come back. Those pork carnitas are on my agenda. The beer I tried was great. I wish this place was next door so that I could go there for a night of drinking(without the food).
Had the most amazing happy hour/dinner here last Thursday! We chose Bar Hygge because we received a gift card, and went in totally unaware of the great meal we were about to have. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for delicious drinks and an innovative menu. 

First, a PSA about happy hour deals: all beer and wine are 25% off, and glasses of the seasonal punch (currently a delish vodka lavender lemonade) are $5! Additionally, they have a special happy hour appetizer board for $10. This is a chef-curated selection of three small bites that aren't available on the regular "boards" menu, and it changes each week. It's almost fifty percent off -- a three-item board on the regular menu is $18.

For dinner, we started with the happy hour board because #money. This week's version had portions of pancetta garnished with horseradish, arancini, and roasted potatoes served with sour cream and chives. All three were delicious, but the board's presentation was really what stood out. For dinner, we split a roasted pear and arugula salad and the grilled cheese (brie & broccoli rabe). The latter came with a cup of gin-infused tomato soup. Both of the entrees were great, and between those and the appetizer board, we were satisfied but still had room for dessert. And thank goodness we did -- the banana bread with marscapone gelato was an excellent end to the meal that quite literally brought me to tears. 

Service was wonderful. Shoutout to our waitress Maddy, who was super friendly and thoughtful! She was patient while we decided what to order, and stopped by our table several times throughout dinner to check on us, but was never overbearing.

The vibes at this place are incredible; they definitely align with my conception of "hygge" which is to say they strike a balance between rustic-chic and cozy. I was so impressed by the attention to detail in all aspects of Bar Hygge, from the décor to the menu. If you're in the Fairmount area, I would definitely recommend stopping by!
Very fatty food without the flavor to justify the stomach ache. Lighter vegetarian options were bland or just strange combinations that really didn't work together. Also, far too expensive for the quality/quantity. 

Our "board" had the pork belly (pretty dry), squash (weirdly paired with tomato sauce), and Brussels sprouts (nicely crispy, but swimming in grease). We also got the fried chicken bites (pretty good, but nothing to cut the grease except the greasy dipping sauces). The in-house bread was either stale or insufficiently toasted. 

Might be worth checking out again in a year or two, but at the moment this place doesn't live up to its pretense.
I really wanted to like this place.  I live pretty close, and I like the idea of a spot brewing their own beer on location.  For a few weeks, I window-shopped, as the Friday/Saturday crowds looked pretty solid, but as of late it's definitely died down. We stopped in on a Friday night around 7:00 and the place was 3/4 empty.  Not sure if this is a harbinger of things to come, but after experiencing the restaurant, I understand the drop off, and hope that some changes can be made.  Here's the deal:  

- Atmosphere:  The place looks cool.  Can't argue with that.  It has a very warm, wooden, pub feel with couches, etc.  No complaints about the service.  Did think it was kind of funny that everyone working there looked like a hipster straight from the west coast, but I think that's what they're going for.

- The food:  This is honestly the main problem.  The food is an afterthought here.  And a pretentious afterthought at that.  If you want tasty pub fare, you're in the wrong place.  They have a burger, which is solid, but after that you're looking at a board topped with acorn squash, 'unique' cheese, pork cheeks, etc.  They have pulled pork on the menu, but wait it's vegan and made with mushrooms.  You can pay 20 bucks for some cauliflower crusted in sunflower seeds, but (and I may be in the minority here) that's not what I'm looking for at a brewpub, even a new-age brewpub like this.  The chef obviously knows what he's doing, but the menu is holding this place back from becoming a neighborhood favorite.  Bottom line, you can be exciting and unique while still putting out food people actually crave.

- The beer: I like a range of beers.  I'd probably consider myself a Pale Ale or IPA guy, but I'll definitely drink a Guinness or lager if the mood strikes.  I tried a few.  First, the porter--this was advertised as w/balsamic. Yep, it was a heavy salad dressing.  The next beer I tried had juniper and birch tree bark in it.  And those flavors shone through.  Then I had something lighter, which basically tasted like nothing.  Making beer is cool.  Making unique beer is cool.  It is, I'm sure, very exciting to announce a beer that has been infused with this or that wild ingredient, but at the end of the day the enterprise should still be about flavor and not about your innovative practices as a brewer.  This is lost here.

For what this place costs, we probably won't be back.
There are defiantly a few kinks that need to be worked out like one of the 10 oz $4 beers ring up at $15 which was immediately fixed.  And being out of multiple menu items on day 2 but I guess they just didn't anticipate the crowds they'd get.  The place was beyond packed so glad we got a table.

The beer was good, I especially liked the Izzy Brown Ale.  Currently aren't doing flights and they arent sure they will do them.  They said there was a choice between a 10 oz pour and a pint but some of the beers my friends ordered as pints came in tulip glasses which I think are 12-14 oz so not sure its worth the extra $2 if its not 16 oz.  The food was decent, from the Hygge Board the Brussel Sprouts were amazing.  Wasn't a huge fan of the fries and neither was my friend.  I got the plain and she got the loaded ones.

Excited for the new addition to the neighborhood.
I have yet to order something I didn't like. Always fresh ingredients, delicious seasonal food and great cocktails. Can't go wrong .. well the only thing I can think of is the pretzel for the cheese board. A little too hard for me to bite into, but everything else is A+.
We absolutely LOVE Bar Hygge in Fairmount! It's within walking distance to our house and is an amazing addition to the neighborhood. 

The first time we came here, we were greeted by the owner at the door who really took the time to talk to us and find out about what we were interested in. Truly authentic and caring guy. Best of all - he remembered us when we came back a few weeks later, really making us feel like we had a connection to the place.

Extensive beer menu. Nice wine selections. Ever-changing food menu that is interesting, which coming from me, is the highest compliment I can give a restaurant. When I take the time to read the descriptions of the items on the menu I know I'm in for a treat. It's hard to make great food, and it's harder to make great food truly unique and interesting but Bar Hygge hits it out of the park. 

Bottom line - go here and keep on going! We want this place in the neighborhood for a long time to come.
My college friends were in town for the weekend, and we all came here for brunch on a Sunday morning. The space is really cute, especially the room to the left with cozy chairs and board games, which really lives up to the name hygge!

To drink, I ordered cold brew, which was very refreshing for a hot morning. To eat, I ordered the Jacked Up Hygge Home Fries with no bacon (red bliss potatoes, poached farm egg, cheese sauce, salsa, and avocado crema). It was super good but pretty rich with the addition of the cheese sauce, so I wasn't able to finish it. I also wish there had been a bit more salsa and avocado crema to lighten the dish, but overall it was really tasty!

I definitely plan to return for dinner and/or drinks another time!
The buttermilk pancakes and lox & bagel were delicious! The pancakes are NOT your ordinary short stack - they're fluffy and moist, they're crispy on the edges, and they're just the right size. My husband isn't a huge fan of pancakes but he loved them. The lox was also great with gorgeously sliced red onions, capers, and roe to accompany the guac spread and salmon. The home fries were a great addition - don't forget to ask for their hot sauce to pair with them! Note: despite the name, Bar Hygge does not serve Danish cuisine; instead they embody the warmth and homeliness that is conveyed by the Danish word hygge.
Location was a little bigger than I thought, some on street parking nearby. Service was fine, nothing great, but the food was quite good. Beers depend on you personal preference, for me for instance some of them were higher alcohol than I prefer, especially if you are going to be driving. Their brunch menu was pretty good, and look to try and stop by for a non-brunch meal at some point, or a different time of year when other beers might be available. 

If you're familiar with Beer Earth Bread (same company), it is a different vibe than that.
If I lived in this hood, I would be here at least once a week. That being said, it's a lovely place, but not sure I would travel for it. 
The drinks are great with generous pours. The food sounds amazing... but maybe in real life doesn't live up to its hype. I was expecting all things hygge and I think I got lukewarm. The fries looked that perfect shade of crispy brown by were slightly soggy. My spaetzle needed more salt and richness. 
The service was lovely and attentive.
So if you're in the hood definitely check it out but don't make it a destination spot
Stopped here for brunch over the weekend, located in a cute neighborhood by the art museum/Fairmount area. Plenty of outdoor seating to enjoy the beautiful weather. The brunch menu had tons of appealing options but we ultimately ordered the home fries and waffle strata. 
The home fries were bomb. Roasted potatoes with bacon and salsa and avocado, we demolished it within minutes. My boyfriend loved the waffle strata which was a mix of sweet and savory with the roasted turkey, jam, and syrup. It wasn't as much to my taste but I could still appreciate it, plus the presentation was beautiful. 
Will definitely come back next time I'm in the area!
Very cool vibe in here with a nice selection of drinks you won't find at many bars in the area. They also have wine on tap, which is a plus also.

I was a little apprehensive about the food when looking at the menu at happy hour, but their boards are all really good. Give it a try because it tastes great and you can tell it's fresh. 

I've seen it fill up on Friday and Saturday nights. While crowded bars aren't usually my scene, very nice and laid-back happy hour.
I wanted to love this place but couldn't even find myself liking it.  I love IPA's and went to this brewery, in my hood, excited, but NO IPA available - say what??.  My friend drinks ciders and had one but then on his next one, they said they ran out.  Also, breweries do beers in 16oz pints, typically, but they do it in 13oz, BUT with poor pours from the bartender, it was more like 10oz.  $6 for 10oz and overpriced food ($17 for a less than avg. hamburger) didn't cut it.  We all pretty much felt like we way overpaid for this place.  Many other options in the Fairmount area with good craft brews and better food, better priced, etc.  Again, I wanted to love this place but can't see myself going back.  It's also loud here and did I mention way overpriced !!!!!
This was my first time back in Philly in about 8 years. My friend and I were in a totally foreign area and we decided to walk around--this place is in such an odd area. It made sense that we would stumble upon it, and, after driving 6 hours and just being hungry for anything, we decided to go in. 
The hostess and two other staff members (one of whom ended up being our waiter) seemed totally...shocked? Confused? That we even entered the building. After a "hello" and a long, awkward pause, we finally got the hostess to "realize" that, yes, we came in to eat. She was extremely awkward and uncomfortable, but maybe it was an off night (a Tuesday?). 
I'm not used to eating in restaurants that have a cocktail menu as large as their food menu. I wasn't in the mood for a drink, nor was I willing to pay for one of theirs, but my friend ordered a twelve dollar cocktail...the most expensive one. It was good. Worth 12 dollars? Maybe double the amount.
The menu was pretty lackluster to me. I should have just shelled out 20 bucks for a cheese platter. I'm not willing to pay 30 dollars for an entree I might not even like. Both my friend and I ordered the burger. I ordered mine medium, as I always do. Also paid a dollar extra for a fried egg on top.
First disapointment: the "pickles." They were basically super sour, acrid, thinly sliced, wet cucumbers. Not pickles. Which is a shame. The bun was toasted but the top was a little cumbersome and crunchy. The biggest disappointment? My burger was...rare. Like, RARE. 
Whatever. I'm not one to send food back. I've never done it, I don't plan on doing it unless I think my health would actually be at risk. So I fight through most of the burger, but eventually have to give up because of the overwhelming bovine stink from the meat. I'm not sure if it was from the type of beef or because it was so rare, but it just smelled like bovine. Thankfully the egg and "samurai ranch" masked that flavor for the majority of the time. 
The fries were really good. 
Our waiter was fine. Like. Very average. It was super slow, so maybe everyone was just bored. 
If you're also a visitor, pass this place up. There looked there were better places a short walk away. If you're a local, maybe you know something I don't.
I wanted to really love this place.  And don't get me wrong, I will go back and try other things.  You should too.  It is a much needed addition to the neighborhood and a cool place.  But they have to get a few things right.  
First, it was super loud in there.  Nothing to contain the noise.  Sounded like a night club.   
We were a group and when we were sat, no one showed us the board menu was on the back of the drink menu.  When we saw it, after we ate, it was disappointing.  Would love to have tried it.  
The brisket fries were good, but the brisket was more fat than meat.  
The take on chicken and waffles (the waffle breaded chicken wings) are a great concept, but the delivery is way off.  First, they use huge wings...with a lot of fat on them.  Then, the wings on the bottom sit for a few minutes and get terribly soggy.  That sogginess with the fat was one of the most unpleasant textures I ever felt.  The wings on top were good...other than that I will never order that again.  
The server was a little odd, and by a little I mean a lot.  I was in the restaurant industry for a very long time.  I am the first to defend servers and staff.  While the service was timely (except one of our group didn't get his food because they forgot to make it and, being polite, we all waited so by the time his food came, our food was cold), I would not expect a server to be so forward with a table; either regarding other tables' behavior or anything else.  This restaurant brought in non-Fairmount people to the Fairmount area...let's keep it classy.  
They will work these things out, I am sure.  So I would say check it out with that in mind.
I love this spot! I took my mom here on one of the coldest nights of the year (oops!) but was so mesmerized by the little heated huts that I had to try it out. Each hut has two floor heaters so it's really not that cold, especially if you don't mind keeping your coat on. The food was delicious as well. We started off with the Toma Celena Hygee Board, which did not disappoint. I ordered the fried chicken bites and french fries, paired with the Seasonal Punch. Even though it was tasty, I highly recommend ordering their warm cocktails in the winter months though, especially if you're eating outside. My mom had the mulled wine and lasagna. Great service and felt totally safe. Hope to visit again soon!
We came around 3pm when they were serving a limited menu which I can't find online. We ordered a cheese board which was ok, but the real winner was the loaded Hygge frites, with house made wiz and brisket. They were really filling and delicious!  

I liked that you could get small beer's for $4 on average so I could sample a few.

They have a great patio that filled up quick.

This is a great place to stop at after a tour of the penitentiary, just a few minutes walk down the road.
Bar Hygee has an industrial meets brew pub vibe. It is welcoming and relaxed. We visited on a warm July Sunday night and were seated without a wait. 

We ordered the Hygge board with a choice of 5 items. We chose three proteins, one vegetarian and one cheese option. Everything was excellent and unique from the octopus to the chicken confit and the blue velvet goat cheese. We also ordered the muscles and kale salad. The muscles were in a very tasty beer broth with leeks. The kale salad included roasted golden beats which I really liked. I am not a huge beet fan but these were very good. We had a couple of beers with our food and these were also quite nice and reasonably priced.

For dessert we chose this blackberry-rhubarb tart thing with pistachio gelato. This was also excellent and not overly sweet. 

We really liked our meal at Bar Hygee and I am looking forward to going back and trying their brunch. Service was very good our whole time and our food came out pleasantly quick.

4 solid Yelp stars
My experience here stated off pretty badly with an offensive menu featuring a "Border Wall Sandwich"  sad to also report that the food didn't help either. They like to call onion rings "crispy fried onions" instead of onion rings and my Pan Seared Skirt Steak was cold and salty. I wouldn't try this place again but if I found my self forced I'd just have beer for dinner.
Fantastic place. The food and fresh brewed beers are exceptional. We have been here twice, first time was great, this time better. They just have it, menu, food, drink and service and great ambiance. We live in the neighborhood, so it is really cool to have what we think is an exceptional bar/brewery/ restaurant in the area. We will certainly be regulars if it holds the course and all that work there are very nice and fun to deal with. A real 5 star!!
We live almost across the street and been here dozens of times- 

We love it here- Great apps- and drinks and ambiance-

The only complaint I guess is that sometimes the wait to get food can sometimes be longer than usual, and sometimes its also a tad bit too cold- Otherwise a fun nice sozy spot-
i met up with a friend here for happy hour. not knowing what the parking situation would be, i was hesitant whether to drive or take public trans or uber. well, i ended up driving straight there after work and after driving maybe two or three times around the block, i found one maybe a block away. it was free too so that was cool.

when i walked in, i was greeted by a friendly hostess. they have a nice bar and cute little intimate loungey area. not knowing whether my friend wanted to sit at the bar or at a table, i just waited at the front. we ended up asking for a table and got a really large roomy booth. also, cool. 

they have really cute and clever beer names and i believe they're all brewed there. i ended up having the portmandeau that was delicious. my friend had the ripsnorter, also very good. we each did a three item board where you choose from a menu of proteins, cheeses, and other snacks. i got the charred octopus, fried mac and cheese bites, and a smoky type of cheese. all very good. it also comes with some bread, a citrusy herby butter, and lovely jam. everything was very delicious. 

we both had plans after happy hour and had to rush out of there after but next time, i'd like to stay a little longer and enjoy more on their menu. 

oh, of course i have to also throw this in at the end...service was phenomenal. our server was informed, polite, and we were checked on several times from several different employees. they got super busy when we were leaving, so they were probably happy to get that large booth back lol. anyways, i'll for sure go back.
Absolutely a great restaurant. First things first: excellent house-made draft beers, that alone is reason enough to camp here. And they have half pints, which is great if you want to try a few of them, which you will, and not totally fill up. Wine selection also excellent.

While not extensive in vegetarian choices, Jerk Tofu lettuce wraps, Tomatoes without Borders sandwich - a fine meal right there. Carnivores will love the skirt steak. We found that the full board (5 items), plus an appetizer, was quite enough for dinner for 2. The Mushroom Spaetzle was good, but I thought it was a bit over cooked - easy to do with restaurant spaetzle (both worth hearing the server call it something like "spetzel," rhymes "pretzel").

For dessert, don't leave without trying the Hygge Tasty Cakes (the night I had them, they were the peanut butter version, which, to be historically correct, should be called Tandy Takes, but I won't go there).  

They did stumble on service on our first visit. I asked our somewhat lackadaisical server (maybe it's that hygge attitude?!) if I could order a coffee and still pay up and leave by 7:00, as we had a later appointment. I got the usual "of course, no problem" response. I never should have asked. Coffee arrived, server disappeared, reappeared with check at 7:01. You know it takes 10 minutes to get the credit card from the table, ring it up, and bring it back to the table. Nothing destroys that hygge feeling better than having to rush to make up for that lost time. Difference between 4 and 5 star rating. On subsequent visit, server was far more attentive, but do keep an eye on them if you need to be somewhere.

Only real problem here is the noise level, which, much to their credit, they've tried to address with acoustic modifications, but it's still really loud when it fills up. I recommend getting in a little early, or keeping fingers crossed it's not a packed night. Also have outdoor seating.
This is one of my go-to neighborhood spots. 

The atmosphere is great - especially pretty when the weather is nice, as the space is large and airy, and there's cute outdoor seating. 

Service is usually fine - if it's busy, don't be surprised if they run out of coffee cups or forget a part of your meal (both of which happened on my last visit). 

The menu is innovative and anything I've had has been pretty tasty. I'd definitely recommend checking out their brunch for a unique take on some brunch classics. The waffle monte Christi was interesting and the biscuits and gravy were light, airy, and delish. 

Overall, worth a stop for a drink or a bite.
Bar Hygge: undefeated. 

How many times do you need to hear it?! 

I mean just look at that board
Bar Hygge is a great spot on Fairmont Ave to relax after work. I came here as a party of 2 and we were quickly seated outside on the street. The bar is big enough to accommodate many people, and on a beautiful Thursday evening, it was a lively crowd without being too crowded. The internal area was also quite spacious. 

Drinks wise, they had a good selection of beers and hard liquors. The beer is relatively cheap (roughly $5 for 12oz and $7 for a pint), but still tasty. I got a pilsner which was delightfully refreshing for a warm evening. 

With regard to food, I highly recommend getting one of their boards - it comes with 1, 3, or 5 items on it, with a range of meats, veggies, and cheese. The open reuben sandwich was a MUST on the board - probably the tastiest part for us. The spring veggies were also fresh and the last meat we got helped finish off the plate. Each board comes with the spread of the day, which adds quite a bit of flavor to the different items you get. We also got the fries, which were delicious and came in a pretty large bowl. Great for snacking on! 

All in all, it was a great experience. Our service was friendly and quick, and the ability to choose between a more pub-vibe indoors and a cozy street vibe outdoors really made the place enjoyable. Would definitely come back!
This is such a neat spot in Fairmount. Inside is centered with an exciting and inviting bar, and they have awesome art throughout. Big booths for seating, and smaller (more intimate) tables if you are on a date or just out to eat with a friend. 

They have a great menu, and the coolest thing I think they feature is a "create your own" charcuterie board. All of the food we ordered was delicious. Nothing over the top, but it just hits exactly what you are looking for. You have to get the chicken bites app! 

The overall vibes there are just something you don't want to miss. Nice perk too, they have outdoor seating for warmer weather.
Deeeeelicious!! My feelings about Bar Hygge! Everything on the menu looked so good but i had to go for the eggs Benedict and it did not disappoint. The potatoes were also amazing! They had some sort of caramelized onions that hit the spot! Don't even get me started on the brussel sprouts, they were bathing in deliciousness! I'd definitely come back here to try the drinks and more food!
Just want to give a COVID shoutout to Bar Hygge for an awesome outdoor setup!  They have a ton of heaters, free blankets, and hand sanitizer, and the newly added "hygge huts" provide great wind protection and are absolutely adorable.  As a bonus, the food is possibly better than ever before; my husband just ordered the "jacked up" breakfast potatoes over the weekend and they were significantly better than either of us remembered.  Don't forget to order beer to go -- you can order single cans of anything they have on tap, and it's just as tasty at home as it is when served in their cool glassware.
Brunch is delicious here and the drinks were good. Only complaint was our server, he was a little slow
Ordered the pear, goat cheese, and beets salad. And the fried chicken bites. 

The salad was well balanced with great complementarity of the earthy cheese with the acidic dressing.

The chicken was tender, juicy, crisp, and the sauces were sweet and savory.
The new offering from Tom Baker and Peggy Zwerver and the folks behind Baggattaway in Conshohocken is a wonderful addition to the Fairmount neighborhood. The corner space in a large apartment building has an industrial feel on one side, and a comfortable lounge on the other. Food is a combination of appetizer boards, and larger plates of comfort food. I had a wonderful board that included roasted brussel sprouts, irish porter cheddar, and shrimp with jalapenos, accompanied by honey truffle butter, chutney and some nice bread. Dinner included a grass fed beef burger cooked perfectly medium rare, as well as a sunflower crusted cauliflower dish.. showing that there is somethign here for omnivores and vegans alike.  And then there was the beer... Tom has been well known in the greater Philadelphia area for years, from his days at Heavyweight, to his wonderful Earth Bread and Brewery. And the beer here is just as good... He had two of his signature beers on tap.. an incredible Doppelbock, and a baltic porter reminiscent of Percuno Hammer (though this version was tempered a bit with balsamic vinegar.. ). So there is no doubt that Bar Hygge will be a fixture in Philadelphia for many years to come. Skål!
Great ambience, drinks and food. We always end up going to one of the bars in center city or south street but this past Saturday decided to explore more in our neighborhood i.e. Fairmount. 

Honestly, I was drawn to the interiors more than the drinks here when I found it on Yelp and wanted to give it a try. 

First off the servers are extremely friendly as others have pointed out. At one point my friend was trying my drink and it fell on the table, my jeans and on the floor - basically everywhere. The server happily cleaned it without making a fuss and replaced my drink - and when I say replaced, they actually didn't charge for the wasted drink. I have not experienced that at many places (and you can tell I have had my drink go to waste more than once).

Next - drinks. I went for the cocktail of the week which was something with gin, lavender tea, lemon, honey etc. Very tasty! 

Food - we ordered the Black Pepper Salumi board, my friend got Pork chops and I got the Pappardelle. I loved what I got - I love meat and this is a vegetarian pasta but so good! I think my friend also liked his Pork chops. 

Ambience - They have like two separate worlds in the same restaurant. On the right side is the bar and dining area - very industrial style with low hanging lights etc. The left side is the lounge - super cozy and retro looking with colorful soft couches - meant more for bigger groups but there are tables for twos too. 

Anyway, you get the gist. Go there if you like:
1. Good service 
2. Cozy and eclectic ambience 
3. No fuss menu - short and sweet.
Forever one of my favorite spots in Philly. They are not disappointing during the pandemic either. Full menu-food & drink. I was thrilled to get a large bottle of their seasonal punch, one of my all time favorite cocktails. Was a bit pricey though. Bar Hygge is also facilitating food pick ups for vegetables and such. Love to see that.
We came here for a late night cocktail. The place is kinda like a 20s bar but also hipster vibe. I love the selection of cocktails and they are all so artistically made. We didnt try the food because by the time we got there the kitchen was closed. The service was good and I definitely will be back to try the food and more drinks off their cocktail list.
Bar Hygge is always a great local spot in Fairmount but they have done an especially exceptional job during COVID with social distancing and servers all wearing masks. They recently repurposed yurts from the Christmas village into 'hygge huts' each with heaters and blankets available. The huts are cozy and keep the wind out. Their frites are always wonderful and I love the available small plates. Their kale salad is filling with a poached egg on top and their burger is one of the best in the city. Highly recommend!
Came here with 11 hungry people for brunch after dragon boat practice and loved everything about this place! The service was excellent and attentive. The decor (we sat outside but I noticed when I walked through) was so homey and charming with the mismatching couches and art. Now onto the food...

The breakfast sandwich subbed with fried green tomatoes instead of pork roll was delicious! The egg was cooked soft and runny which was perfectly mopped up later with home fries and the English muffin. I don't even know what pepperoncini aoili is but it was delicious. I particularly loved the home fries, the seasoning was just perfect! Everyone else's food looked (and tasted) amazing as well!

The star of the show was definitely the desserts: the cinnamon rolls and the dessert board. We split one between 6 people and it was the perfect amount. I wasn't blown away by the tasty cake (but I also just don't really love them anyway) and the cookies were a bit too crunchy for my personal preference but everything was amazing. Loved how much fruit was represented (blueberry, peach, and cherries) in the desserts.

Walked away feeling extremely full but happy, just how brunch with friends should be!
I had a really great good brunch here, which wasn't a surprise after previous visits. I had the Biscuit SOS, which was an excellent interpretation of creamed chipped beef over buttermilk biscuits, with two perfectly runny fried eggs. The same biscuits built breakfast sandwiches that looked excellent, and another friend got an amazing fritatta.

They've got an excellent bloody mary, light and refreshing instead of thick and overpowering. After one though, you should switch to beer, because they offer a bit more than the usual IPAs and Wheat beers. They had an excellent Baltic Porter and a really good barrel aged Tripel on my most recent visit.

I enjoy happy hour there as well. They've got good small plates and boards for sharing, and the beer has a good variety. Also, no TVs to distract you, and friendly staff make it a great destination. It's a fantastic space, with plenty of light. There's a couch filled area on one side where you can wait for a table or dine more casually. A 3 sided bar fills the center of the room, and on the other side is a dining room with banquets and tables that can be combined for larger parties.
As far as the atmosphere of this place, it's great. I however would not come here strictly to taste their beer. 

I was quite disappointed with various drafts I've sampled. They all seemed to be lacking in flavor or had too many things going on. Seemingly, while this place gained brownie points in one area it lost them in others. 

Again, if you're in the area for food or cocktails, then great. Their beer on the other hand seems to still need some work.
I have to say, this place really lived up to my expectations. Everything was REALLY well done.

We started with H.O.P. beer and it may just be my new favorite. I tried the meme beer too - it was good but the H.O.P. will definitely be my go to.

I went with two friends, we got the mac and cheese, the burger and the chicken option. Everything was DELICIOUS. I'm usually very against getting the chicken option at restaurants, but I'm glad I did, this was something to write home about.

My only gripe was with the cheese plate. It was really tasty, but a bit overpriced. Not enough to take a star away, but take note of the price before you order so you're not surprised.

All in all this is a great addition to the neighborhood. The staff is wonderful, the food is great and the beer is delicious. Can't wait to come back!
Came here after the pool with a few friends Nice environment and good food - loved the Belgian frites and the ability to sit outside. Also the duck confit wings were delicious! Great beer selection too - like that they have their own brews
I really do love this concept. House-made draft beers, clean, stream-lined menu and a wonderfully, cozy atmosphere. In warm weather, wonderful outdoor seating on a quiet but interesting street and huge windows with open air in the dining room.
I have been here twice. (Two weekends in a row!). The first was a Friday night while my sister and family were visiting from Texas and were staying at an air bnb in the art museum area. We read yelp reviews and landed here. The food and service was excellent. Delicious burger, nice drink specials and good beer, vegetarian option for my sis and everyone was happy. I spoke to our attentive server about requesting a table for a large party for the next weekend for an after dinner high school graduation celebration for my daughter. The server was wonderful, took my name and told me she would see how they could accommodate us since they don't take reservations.
The next weekend I called ahead and was treated with care. I informed the restaurant of my conversation with the server the weekend before and once again, I received friendly, accommodating service. We descended upon the restaurant at 8:30 with a party of 13 and we were seated immediately (with a smile.)
Our food was good..burgers for most. They serve up delicious burgers and the fries are definitely a bonus. The buttermilk chicken bites are really tasty. Fried perfectly with great seasoning and peppers sprinkled around. We also had an order of the rabbit lasgna that proved tasty. The one order I would skip would be the jerk tofu lettuce wraps. They lacked flavor and creativity. Three "balls" of tofu in a lettuce leaf with a few jalapenos scattered around. The dish could use sauce or something to bring the components together.
The reason I am giving the three star review is based on the confusion with ordering. My daughter ordered the tomatoes without borders which came with french fries. She was starving and when ordering mentioned she would like to have an additional appetizer and thought of the fries. I spoke up and and told her that her dinner came with french fries so no need to order them for the appetizer. Our server made the suggestion, "Would you want them early?" My daughter said yes and her fries were brought out before her entree. She was trying to hold off eating them because she wanted to save some for her dinner . Our wait for food was long.  (An hour. They were crowded, it was a Friday night and we were a large table, but there was no attention to our table or updates for the wait.) I am really patient with extended waits for food because generally, everyone is working hard and doing their best, but service should include updates and attention. We got none of that. When my daughter's order arrived it included an order of fries. I didn't immediately bring it to the attention of our server because we had waited so long for our food and we really just wanted to eat at that point. I was also aware that if I were to call her over she wouldn't take the fries from the plate, it would simply be realized as an oversight and it would be taken off of our check. At the end of the evening, I indeed approached the server and explained the error. She immediatley explained that I had misunderstood and that it was my error and she wouldn't be accommodating me. I explained that she used the word, "early" when she suggested the fries to my daughter and we wouldn't have ordered two portions for one meal, but she wouldn't budge. She just stared at me. The meager $7.00 charge was left on the bill and that was that. There is much "right" about this place and I absolutely want to include what is good about dining here. But to be honest, when things such as this happen it colors the experience and becomes frustrating when it need not be. I included it in the review because I want to be honest. All of the adults at our table are seasoned Philadelphia diners and we all agreed her lack of ownership of the mistake was in pretty poor taste. It would have been a simple fix and the right thing to do.
My thoughts after immediately leaving the restaurant was that I regretted not asking to speak to the manager. I expect he would have fixed the error. The server, however, could use some pointers.
The bar area is a bit tight and noisy due to the hard floors and windows. The Hygge Board item I ordered was $7 for 1 item with "seasonal accompaniments + house-made bread".  The seasonal accompaniment was a couple of crackers and some butter, and the house made bread could fit in the palm of my hand.  The hamburger was ok, but for $15 it should be! House beers are solid but again not cheap: $4 for a 10oz.. Price points are obviously driven to recoup the build-out cost. This place will be popular with the well-heeled crowd living in the older and newer $700K+ townhouses sprouting up like mushrooms in the surrounding few blocks. It will not attract the long-time locals who live in the blocks north of Fairmount Avenue towards Girard because it is too expensive and too bad!
So disappointed because I really was hoping that this was going to be great, given that it's a few blocks from me. Service was slow, our table was not wiped down and worst of all the food was COLD. It also tasted like it was just reheated from the night before. I am really hoping that this place is better next time I visit as I am rooting for my neighborhood bar!
Bar Hygge is a cozy spot in the Fairmount neighborhood for a drink and appetizers. On a chilly Sunday night, we ventured here around 5:30 PM and had our choice of tables. The left side has a cozy lounge area perfect for drinks. The right side is a bar and dining room with booths and high top tables. 

We chose a booth for more privacy and settled down with an Exaggerator beer and their Cabernet Sauvignon; both were pleasant, but nothing special. We first ordered a three piece Hygge board with smoked cheddar, chicken confit, and the stuffed zucchini. The board itself wasn't remarkable and maybe a bit overpriced. The chicken confit was fantastic! We also got the buttermilk chicken bites and the hygge frites which were delicious and the best fancy junk food possible. 

The staff were friendly and personable and helped my boyfriend pronounce Hygge correctly (Hoo-gah). Overall, it was a cozy eat in the neighborhood, but not something I would go away for.
So I actually really like this place. It's spacious, well designed. The beer list is excellent and the food we tried was tasty. My only shortfall is that it seems priced above similar establishments. I'm not sure I could afford to come here regularly on a student budget - fries with toppings are $13, entrees are $20+ and cheese boards run up as much as $18- 29. Im not sure that, for me, the prices seemed reasonable. But still glad you've come to stay, bar who-guh!
Bar Hygge is an awesome addition to Fairmount. Friendly, awesome staff with a great ambience. Feels trendy but not too hipster. Beers are fresh and tasty as they brew their own beers. They also offer a treat section of cocktails and wine on tap. We started off with one of their "boards" which you can choose a variety of different tapas style dishes - meats cheeses veggies - that all come out freshly displayed on the board. All of our entrees were delicious too.
Bar Hygge was a stellar experience. I was definitely impressed how the owners made it distinctly different from Earth Bread, it's sister restaurant. 

The interior is a thoughtful blend of modern and rustic finishes. Seating abounds, and the room on the left features a great, casual drinking room.

Their beer is brewed in house, and it is on point! I had the IPA and it easily compares to the gold standards you might have. From a local perspective, this spot by far out does Tired Hands and other micro breweries. HOWEVER, the cocktails left no lasting impression, despite their enticing descriptions. 

For food, we did several of the charcuterie plates. The options, ranging from meatballs to ceviche, were smashing additions to what you might traditionally expect. The Brussels sprouts stole the show for me. A great value for $29.

Only complaint would be the almost intentional move from the waiter to leave glasses, plates, etc on our small table. It doesn't make sense to leave empty beer glasses and dirty plates when they are no longer in use. Since we had 9 people, this got to be a little much.

Overall though, I can't wait to go back and enjoy more of their food and beer.
I've been here twice now and I can honestly say that I wish I had a better experience. It's new to the area, which made it exciting. 

Sadly, the beer list is mediocre and service is weird. I'd still come back, I guess but not any time soon. 

The most important part is that the food is awful in quality and portion. We got the cheese/meat/veggie board. There was nothing on there that was worth the price we paid. The food was so mediocre and I had to rip at the meat because the slices weren't laid out well, just slumped. I'm sad to say that the food and price doesn't meet the expectations held.
Located in a cool , what seems to be upcoming ( my opinion as an outsider ) , area of Philly near the Eastern State penitentiary is Bar Hygge. The exterior is super cool with large floor to ceiling window and outdoor tables . The inside is industrial with a eclectic vibe. There is a bar to hang out at , a lounge area with cool worn couches , cozy booths and regular tables . 

The menu isn't large but the food is modern gastropub and is excellent . 
The drink options are also kick ass as they offer a great cocktail menu and beers from their own brewery called Brewery Techne. 

Everyone loved the cocktails and their craft beers were solid . Definitely worth stopping in for a beer. 

I recommend starting with the charcuterie board which isn't your typical meat and cheese . You chose how many items you want which is great. We went with the beef tongue prosciutto open face Ruebens , Mac and cheese bites , and some stuffed zucchini . The portions were plentiful and the flavors finger licking . 
For dinner the choices were two burgers ( you can chose toppings )  , the parpadelle pasta dish , and the thick cut pork chop with cranberries and potatoes.  As you'll see , everyone enjoyed their meal so much that I forgot to take pictures of the entrees hahah. 

Must stop if you are in the area !
Brunch here was amazing! We got here when they first opened so we sat right away which was great. The place filled up fast though but there was never a wait even for a Saturday morning. I got the eggs benedict with pork belly. It was really good and all the flavors were great. The only thing was I felt like I got only tiny pieces of pork belly or more of bacon slices. Which was fine because it tasted great but I was thinking it was going to be a thick piece of pork belly. Also, we got the warm glazed blueberry cornbread for the table. GET THIS! It was so good. The glaze on the top was amazing. Every bite melts in your mouth! Definitely will be back for lunch or dinner.
Great happy hour. Even better french fries. 

Came last Friday around 5:00 with a group for happy hour. They have really nice outdoor seating (minus the red metal chairs which are not so comfy) and our group of five easily got a spot at one of the outdoor tables. While I love that they have the option to sit outside, I do wish that they had umbrellas (my back was starting to feel real warm and I regretted not bringing sunscreen). 

There aren't many vegan options but I was able to get the jerk tofu and fries (with the aoili on the side), my friends got the chicken bites and one of their cheese boards. I unfortunately realized once trying the jerk tofu wraps that I don't actually love jerk seasoning that much (it's a very strong seasoning), but my SO really liked them. The fries though were AWESOME, they were super crispy and not too oily. The others in my group also really liked the chicken bites which are apparently popular here. 

*For HH they also have $5 seasonal punch that's really yummy!
My husband and I came here on a Sunday recently and we loved Bar Hygge! 

Brunch is offered on Saturday + Sunday 1030-230. We were seated almost immediately and our waitress was extremely personable. She offered suggestions as well which is always appreciated. The brunch menu had a bunch that caught my eye. Especially the eggs Benedict w/ pork belly. I'm big on eggs benny, but pork belly isn't for me. Luckily, they allowed me to swap it out for pork roll instead. It was so delicious. My only complaint was the greens being overly salty. My husband went with the brunch burger and loved it as well. 

Bar Hygge also offers techne drafts! We went with the lemon meringue IPA. It was super refreshing! Bloody Mary's were on point as well! Spicy and very flavorful. 

The inside of the restaurant is visually stunning. I loved all the hand mirrors lined up in the bathroom too. Also the lounge area is a great touch to an already cute aesthetic. Absolutely will be back!
Our only regret is not having more food. Came here with a few friends for a few drinks. Were greeted warmly by the hostess who allowed us to hang in the Lounge area- even for just a few drinks. 


Had the two cookie desserts, which were simple
But well done. 

Can't wait to be back for the food!
Staff was very friendly, decor and music were right up my alley. Was very glad to find this place during my one night stay. We had our kids with us, and they do say good for kids, but just fyi, there is no kids menu. They will just make something simple for them like pasta with butter or grilled cheese. My kids are easy, so this wasn't a big deal, just letting other parents know. And go early if you have kids as college age kids and 30 somethings don't really want to dine with the littles. Keep it real people! Anyway, thanks to you for being friendly to kids and letting parents eat good food and beer, we are still humans!! 
Anyhoo... back to what matters... We started with a board, and the 4 of us shared (yes my kids eat good food also!), brussel sprouts, toma cheese and lamb meatballs. All of it was tasty, I've had far better lamb meatballs though, so I'd pick a different meat. 
For dinner I got the duck, the veggies and I think their forbidden rice is (SPOILER ALERT) faro, were more interesting and better than the duck. It was sorta overdone and the skin wasn't nearly as crispy as it could have been. Flavor was ok though. My husband got the Wagyu Steak, and his reduction was really tasty. 
For cocktails, my husband got bloody mary's, I had a taste, darn well made! I got a gin and tonic, and a Ripsnorter. The beer doesn't have great reviews, but I thought it was a pretty refreshing IPA. Hostess and all the staff were very attentive and friendly. 
One tip would be is to give us more time to taste the food. Our dinners came out before half the board was even done, so we felt a little rushed? Was it the kids? They are so quiet though! :)
I have no idea why it's rated so well. Cocktails mediocre and beer mediocre. The decor is hipster but beyond that disappointing every time I've been here.
good beer. food a bit wonky. it was really crowded but the service was really great. got to chat a bit with the owner, and he was so so so nice. the little barrel tables are a bit uncomfortable to eat at but okay for drinking. excited to taste their other beers when they change up the beer list.
Absolutely loved their cheese and meat board options! Very fresh, seasonal options! Definitely the best I've found in the city thus far. 

Also loved their fresh rolls with sea salt & citrus butter. Yum!

Can't wait to go back to try their in house wine and beer.
Hip, chill atmosphere with delicious food and great service. My partner and I just loved the vibe. We found street parking nearby and were seated immediately. Indoor and outdoor seating is available: bar seating, booths, high tops, and regular tables. They have an interesting beer selection and growlers available for purchase. We had a Hygge board to start, opting for the Mac n Cheese bites. They were scrumptious! We both ended up getting burgers - juicy, flavorful, and I loved the sesame seed buns. It is on the pricier side, but totally worth it for the high quality food and experience.
