Went on opening day, and it was fantastic! Very happy to have a seated option both near to, and from the same people as HipCityVeg. Rittenhouse is getting really great for vegan options! The menu has a lot of choices, with sopas, empanadas, sandwiches, and tacos all making an appearance. 

We started with rellenos where there was "beef" (a very tasty plant-based version) in plantains. For mains, two of us went for the cubano, which was delicious (loved the tempeh) and another got "pescado" tacos. If the appetizer was a little small (but fancy), the mains were a perfect size. 

And since it was my birthday (yay! me and the restaurant share a birthday now!) we also got flan and tres leches ... the tres leches was particularly fantastic, very coconut-y but I love coconut. Would definitely recommend and definitely plan coming back!
I love to hate on my vegetarian/vegan friends because I'm such a meat lover but this place was delightful!

Located near Rittenhouse Square, I walk by this restaurant all the time and finally got to try it recently. It's an inviting sleek space with many windows that open up during warm months. The entrance leads to a slightly narrow bar area which then widens into the dining room. It's visually pleasing, and I think a perfect spot for a group of 4 vegetarian/vegan friends to dine at. Also a datey option but the tables are fairly close to each other not sure if it confers enough privacy.

The food itself is tasty. My favorites were the huarache (celery root, grilled maitake mushrooms, parsnip escabeche, radish) from the Snacks section and the buffalo cauliflower tacos (with avocado-green goddess dressing, butter lettuce, carrots). 

The meal can get pricy if you really want to be full, but that's to be expected when there's no meat! :P I thought it was reasonable and enjoyed my time here!
I have been referred to this establishment a number of times. Today, I finally had the opportunity to dine here. 

There is indoor/outdoor seating available. Masks are required. Menu is available by scanning the barcode on the table. There are lovely partitions in between the tables inside. This is my first indoor dining experience since last year, and I feel very comfortable and safe. 

As a pescatarian that has an appreciation for vegan food items I love this place. Ann Marie our server was phenomenal. I inquired if any food items included peanuts because my daughter has a nut allergy. There are NO peanuts in house, which put me at ease. There are vegans that may have a nut allergy that will appreciate this accommodation as well.

The lunch combos are awesome and so delicious. We even went on to order individual items after our starters. The presentation is lovely, and the food is so flavorful. I could go on, but I would suggest to just come yourself. I will definitely be returning here on a regular basis.
I love restaurants like Bar Bombón and others that have opened the door for lifetime meat eaters like myself to tiptoe into the world of vegetarian and vegan food. My husband and I have switched to a pescetarian diet during the week, so we're always looking for new and delicious meals that will keep us full and satisfied. 

We ordered delivery for lunch this week through Caviar, and I was really excited to see that that Bar Bombón is currently offering some grocery items in addition to their regular menu. I scored some fragrant cilantro and mint, lemons and a pound of roma tomatoes. Yes! 

In terms of the prepared food, my husband chose the blackened "chicken" fajita tacos while I went for the latin chop. We got the peruvian yucca fries to share. I'm a little wary of substitute meats (fully aware of the irony here) and I'm trying to get more adventurous. I tried a bite of the taco and was pleased to find: it tasted just like chicken! I'd try these myself in the future. My salad was fresh and tasty, but I was glad to have the yucca fries because the salad alone wouldn't hold me over. The yucca was delish, topped with a substitute cheese, sliced green olives and fried capers. I was sad I had to share. 

The reason for four stars and not five is because the portions are pretty tiny and the prices are not. Two tacos were $13, and the yucca was $8.50 but we each only had about four pieces. Our weekday lunch was pricier than I'd like but I'm happy I got to try some new things!
On the Sunday night after the blizzard in January my wife, daughter and myself braved the cold and snow and finally made it to Bar Bombon. We were greeted right away and given a table in the small and pleasant dining room. It was also at this point we learned that Bar Bombon is an entirely Vegan restaurant. Whaaaaaaaat?

Our server saw the confusion on our faces and assured us we would like the food.  It was all good, we just didn't know and went into our meal with open minds and empty stomachs.

We started with a Mojito and this was very good. It probably would have been better on a warm day but it still was as good as any we have had in Miami. Our server said all of the drink recipes were created in house.

For appetizers we had the Yucca fries. These were fantastic, crunchy and not oily and the soy-based cream sauce was excellent. We also shared the Rellenos and the Empanadas. The Rellenos both looked and tasted great. The portion size was large for a starter. I think one would be hard pressed to tell the difference between meat and vegan Empanadas here. The crust was light and not oily. The last small plate we had was the Arepas. I really like this dish and the corn bread/patty was very tasty and light. The Chorizo substitute they used was pretty darn good.

We also had the carne Tacos. These are marinated 'beef' ropa vieja, plantains, cilantro, and fresh lime. This also was a decent size with 2 tacos and I thought better then the tacos at Buena Onda.

For soups we chose the Tortilla soup and the Arroz con Poilo soup. Both soups were again large portions and could easily be shared with 2 people. The flavors for the soups were great and if not for the consistency of the "meats" I would not have known they were vegan.

For dessert we went with the Bar Bombon version of Tres Leches. Again this was different then our favorite at Tierra Columbiana or Mixto, but still really good. The cake was dense and the coconut milk gave it the right amount of sweetness. We also shared a Mexican hot chocolate with just a hint of Cayenne Pepper to cut the sweetness.

Our service was 5 stars at the Bar Bombon. The restaurant is simple, smallish and charming. The bathrooms are very nice and a cleaver use of space. For 3 people with one cocktail, one dessert, coffee and hot chocolate our bill was around $75.00 or $25.00 a piece. Not bad considering we ordered a lot of food and the also the high quality of the food.  4.5 yelps.
I'm not vegan but this is one of my favorite places in the city. My love of good Mexican food and my (usually failing) attempts to eat healthy can finally meet up in the same place. The food here is fresh and well prepared and just excellent. You'd never guess vegan by tasting alone. 

Cauliflower tacos and American tacos are the best. Guac is perfect with delicious homemade chips. Lovely fresh cocktails- and oh the sangria!!!!

Nice decor and great service all three times I've been there. A real winner
It pains me to write this review, because my veggie heart always gets so excited when something like this opens.  I am a fan sister restaurants Charlie was a Sinner and Hip City Vedge (chicken sandwich to die for.)  So, when I heard there was an entirely latin themed vegan restaurant coming to Rittenhouse, I couldn't wait. 

We got to Bar Bombon at around 7:30.  We were able to swing getting 4 seats at the bar.  I'm surprised that so close to opening the service was so unfriendly.  There were three girls behind the bar at all times, and I can honestly say not one of them smiled then entire 2 hours we were there.  They also were not very friendly or engaging at all.  I asked a couple of questions about how their opening was going and they were less than thrilled.  There's no passion from the staff at this spot, but no biggie.  As long as the food and drinks are good thats something that I can easily get over!

Now to the drinks...They are notably expensive.  I ordered a Mezcal drink (that honestly filled half a martini glass) for $15.  To give you an idea their non alcoholic (plain juices run $9-11.)  All 4 of us ordered a couple cocktails and no one was impressed.  I was surprised because Charlies makes EXCELLENT cocktails.  One of us got a spanish drink made with rum ($12) that tasted super artificial and I watched the bar tender literally fill an entire spoon 3 times with sugar before making it (enjoy that hangover!)

Next to food.  Chorizo Tacos were just blah.  I've had MUCH better chorizo tacos at places that DON'T specialize in vegan food (Shout out to StrangeLoves!)  They were under seasoned, lacked any presentation, and came with this side plate that honestly look like a child had thrown it together.  On it was onions, tomatoes, and lettuce.  Presentation is at a 0 here.  

One of the people in our group ordered the fish tacos.  She didn't like them.  I thought a fish taco might be a risk at at vegan spot, but when she offered me one yikes!  Stick with the meat options if you do go here.  I also ordered something (cannot remember the name) that comes out literally on some sort of corn bred and is filled with tofu.  There was very little tofu, and it was actually BAD.  

At the end of this day, this place will make it because its in a great area, but I will not return and would never suggest this to anyone in the city.  V Street is the closest thing I can think of to this place and the food BLOWS this spot away.  Not to mention, the service (and servers) are top notch.  Big disappointment.  

Oh, and someone once told me, ever trust a spanish/mexican/latin place that doesn't make it own hot sauce.  

Needless to say....they handed me a bottle of Cholula.
Vegan Latin Food- sign me up! 
I'm not sure what part of my meal I enjoyed more, 
The tasty empanadas with vegan dip?
The tortilla soup that I crave and love, but can seldom have because it's presented with chicken in 99% of the establishments, or the savory guacamole- finally a new take on a classic dish. I can even say the cauliflower tacos- and I hate that vegetable. Perhaps it's the dessert which was an elevated pina colada, but 100x
More awesome- my taste buds felt as though they were sipping coladas at a pool. 

Though all these dishes were perfect- those potatoes with vegan whiz were to die for. 

Thanks to the staff for taking care of us-
Despite a late reservation. Can't wait to come back
Yum!!!! This place is is so freaking cute, we're a little obsessed! I can't divert away from the carne tacos and my fiancé is loving the enchiladas! To quote him "they're the best he's EVER had"....including mine! Womp womp! And the love that it's vegan!! Yea!!!

Anyways, kudos to these guys! 5 stars hands down!
Bar Bombon offers some extremely delicious vegan food that will leave your non-vegan friends you drag here wanting more. The highlights here, imo, are the vegan cauliflower tacos (SO delicious and balanced well with avocado), the vegan crispy potatoes, and the vegan corn. Prices are reasonable for the caliber of the food.
I don't eat vegan often but this place and V Street are enough to convert me. Come by for happy hour 4-6pm for extra discounts on the food.

We started off with some classic guac and chips. I liked that the chips weren't just tortilla chips but had plantain chips scattered in too. We ordered the traditional taco and buffalo cauliflower taco which were both delicious. I couldn't tell the traditional taco had no meat it tasted so good. The Peruvian yucca was topped by a spicy sauce with olives that definitely brought the heat. The Cubano club slider was just ok. We ended with the tres leches cake which was moist and yummy, I wouldn't have guessed it was vegan. 

Apparently they changed their menu recently, they have the same dishes but downsized to smaller tapas style, so be aware that the taco orders only include one and the club slider is half a sandwich compared to a full plate like before. The waitress recommended ordering 2-3 dishes per person. We ordered 5 plus dessert and were satisfied.
Philadelphia is a foodie city and especially good for vegans (I would say, pound for pound, it's better than bigger places like NYC and Chicago). Bar Bombon is one of those fun, cool, creative vegan spots you'll want to try. It's a small sidewalk cafe that makes you feel like you're in Europe somewhere.

We came for brunch and got the breakfast egg torta ($7 + $2 for sausage). It comes together and tastes good, but is just a mix of the omnipresent combination of a Just Egg patty and an Impossible patty. I wish they used from-scratch ingredients, but this still tasted fine.

The strawberries and cream French toast ($10) was excellent, though, with perfect thickness and subtle sweetness. 

The Philly steak empanadas ($10.75 for two) were fabulous. Perfectly-spiced, perfectly-fried and just plain delicious. My biggest gripe is that these things are tiny (you get two, with consist of maybe eight bites total) for the price. But wow, they were good.

Lastly, I got a caipirinha ($9) which was too strong and seemed like it was missing something (I lived in Brazil so I know my caipirinhas).

Overall, Bar Bombon is a winner and worth a visit.
My 3 star 'okay' rating means that I have visited a few times, did not find any of those occasions noteworthy or even particularly good and this is now permanently off my radar. 

Were any of the visits bad? No, not at all. Service was always haphazard and indifferent. The salted grapefruit margarita is refreshing and tasty enough to warrant purchasing a pitcher (assuming you are sharing) although it's not the most incredible margarita in Philadelphia. On a hot day, it satisfies.

The guacamole and chips are servicable. I make better at home, but this is fresh, you can spice it up for $1 (I think), the chips are thin, crisp and both go well with the grapefruit margarita. 

The buffalo cauliflower tacos-'there is no there there...' Gertrude Stein wrote that about Oakland California although it is also an apt description of these tacos. They exist, they have some substance. They are forgettable. Same can be said for the happy hour empanadas. If you tortured me, I could not tell you what they're filled with.

Have you ever gotten comfortable on the couch with snacks to watch a movie, and towards the end of the movie, as you are absently reaching into the bowl or groping around in the crumbs at the bottom of the bag, you are suddenly aware that you don't remember exactly what you'd been mindlessly putting in your mouth, only that now you're kind of thirsty and feel full-ish?  That sums up eating at Bar Bombon.

Vegan or not, you can do a lot better elsewhere.
For Sunday brunch, this place delivered a delicious, plant-based meal that any vegan would most likely love.  It was so difficult to decide with so many choices.  We didn't have a reservation (which I would probably recommend), but were lucky enough to get a table before the wave of people came in.

Bloody Mary and Verde Maria (tequila) - Both drinks were excellent and mixed well.  Not too spicy, but had a bit of a kick.

Chocolate Chip Banana Pancakes - These were so delicious with gooey chocolate and a nice banana flavor.  A bit of maple syrup made them disappear quickly!

Sweet Plantains - These were some of the best plantains I've ever eaten.  I usually don't like them at all, but I could have eaten all of these.  Crispy and sweet with a little savory mixed in.

Tofu Egg Sandwich with Tempeh Bacon and added a sausage patty - This is the vegan equivalent of BK Breakfast sandwich with bacon/sausage/egg/cheese, only it's good for you.  It came with a side of cheese sauce to pour/dip.  Excellent Breakfast Sandwich.

Cuban Slider - This is no slider, it's a half-hoagie.  The only thing that gave it a bit of a Cuban sandwich vibe were the mustard and pickles.  It wasn't a faux Cuban, but it was delicious AF.

Hearts of Palm Ceviche - I love ceviche, and this fish-less version had all of the makings of a traditional ceviche.  Bright citrus and savory onion flavors on the crunchy tortilla chips made this a must order for me.

The service was great as we had water refills and offers for another drink too.  The food came out quickly and all was great.  I'd go back for brunch, but would also like to try their other food as well.  Also, it's a bar!
Ok, so as a vegan I was REALLY excited about the opening of Bar Bombon! I am all for more entirely strictly veg restaurants in Philly! I read an article recently stating that it pales in comparison to the ever popular vegetable restaurants nearby. I think that's totally irrelevant and completely unfair. Two totally different ideas, cuisines and purposes. I think it's like comparing apples to oranges. Which hey, great for vegans that are are these two drastically different types of food options in the city but don't come here expecting what you get there and you'll be happy...

I get that a lot of vegans are against faux meats and it can freak meat eaters out which it did in our case. While I don't eat it often, I'm every open to a great piece of Seitan or tempeh every now and then and of course I'm definitely open to more vegan/plant based options in the city. So yeah, I was stoked about Bar Bombon and I thought it delivered! The meat eating group I was with wasn't completely sold however. 

My girlfriend and I got to the adorable, corner restaurant before the rest of the group. The doors and windows were open on a perfect mild night. There were bistro tables on the sides and the front of the restaurant. Too cute!! Little pops of bold color and little hints of Latin flare in the tiles and such. The vibe was very cool! I loved it! She bought me two happy hour classic margaritas for $5 each and I thought they were great, alcohol filled, and decent sized especially for happy hour. They only have on the rocks. No frozen. The bartender was super friendly as were the hostess. 

When our complete party of 8 arrived we were seated at one of the sleek tables behind the bar. White subway tiles with pops of bold colors, oranges and limes found back there in the dining area. Simple. 

We started with chips, guac and salsa. Yuca fries and plantains. They were all very good. I ordered the chili rubbed grilled corn on the cob which was delicious. I ordered the "pollo" tacos which came with a side of beans and rice. Generous amount of food! It was a tad dry, not bothersome really, but the avocado and crema helped. We each ordered different tacos and tasted each other's and swapped. I like every single one I tasted. Not one any more than any other. They were all decent and I would be happy ordering any of them again. My girlfriend ordered the tortilla soup which was a tad spicy and huge! She insisted I help her finish. Who was I to say no? It was very flavorful. They brought me out a dessert, chili dusted chocolate lava cake with a candle because it was my birthday. It was delish! Sweet. Nice touch! 

I was really happy with everything and would definitely come back! 

Our waitress was a tad slow getting us the bill, but that could've been because we were chatting and she wasn't in a rush or didn't think we were. Other than that, I thought it was a great meal!
The cocktails here are excellent and the bartenders are great.  I'd drink here regularly if it were closer to home.  The decor is kitschy but they've committed to the theme, and it works quite well.

 The food, on the other hand is a major letdown.  I'm not vegan.  I'm not vegetarian.  I rarely have a meal without some kind of animal protein.  If that means that I die sooner, so be it.  I'll die happy.  That said, I've heard rave reviews for Hip City Veg, and I honestly loved my meal at Vedge, so I figured I'd give this place a try.  

Ugh.  I went for brunch on Saturday.  Their coffee is excellent- Stumptown something or other blend.  Then things went downhill from there.  I ordered yucca fries.  I think there were 8 on the plate, and they were totally unseasoned.  Not a hint of salt, nothing.  They also weren't super crispy, as good yucca should be.  I figured that a vegan place could do a veg or tuber or whatever yucca is right, but I was let down.  Next, I tried the "chicken" empanadas.  Again, this was a miss.  There wasn't much filling, and the flavors just weren't there.  Obviously, there was no chicken, but the protein substitute inside wasn't plentiful, nor was it notably seasoned.  The pastry shell had decent texture, but again, no salt.  With the unfavorable ratio of pastry to filling, this too was not my cup of tea.  Finally, I shared a "carne" burrito.  I tasted beans and lettuce.  A heavy, heavy drowning of Cholula couldn't save this.  Again, too bad.  

My server was pleasant enough, but while I was eating, the fire alarm went off.  It was LOUD.  This continued and continued and continued for about 10 full minutes.  Not the most relaxing atmosphere for brunch.  The owner and GM were there, and I was wondering how they would handle this.  Turns out, they didn't.  Not a dollar off on the check, not a cup of coffee comped.  

So yeah, a completely terrible experience.  I may still go back for the bar, but I won't eat here, nor will I ever buy a 9-11$ juice from their take out juice window.
This place is definitely bombing down the flavors in their food!! I loved everything about this place!!

Went here with my parents during my recent visit to Philly, and we thoroughly enjoyed our experience at Bar Bombon. Firstly, the people who work here are absolutely wonderful and are extremely helpful. we had to sit at the bar, as of course this place has no tables even at as early as 6pm on the weekends!! Our bartender was wonderful and as it was our first time here, he made sure we got to eat/drink all the good stuff!!

Based on his suggestions, I got the El Pirata and it was extremely delicious. For food, we ordered the sweet plantains, buffalo cauliflower taco, mushroom empanadas, and repollitos fritos. My favorite was the repoliitos, it was probably the best Brussels sprouts I'd had!!! The cauliflower was a little too raw for my liking, but was still good.

Final verdict: Bar Bombon is the restaurant vegans/vegetarians have been dreaming about forever!!
I've been here three times and I have had a tremendous meal every time. 
The chorizo tacos are amazing! The arepa was the the most fun little snack I've ever had! And the yuca and tostones are absolutely authentic and delicious.  

It's hard to imagine this used to be a crumbs! The decorations are delightful and everything from the chairs and wall coverings go together with the lighting and atmosphere.  

I'm confused by some of the other reviews frankly.  When I was there - I did use a bathroom - unlike what others said, and I also got my food quickly and the orders were all correct and served well. 

Haters gonna hate - but this is the spot!  Such an amazing addition to the vegan arsenal in philly!! Love it here!
Yum! I really enjoyed my fish tacos. They made use of one of my favorite Gardein products, their "fish" fillets and had some really tasty guac on top. The beans and rice served on the side were really tasty as well and the meal was very filling. I had a bite of the Buffalo cauliflower taco and it was stupendous.

The margarita I was served was gigantic and delicious. And potent. And that's all I'll say about that.

I wanted to try every single taco on the menu. So when I return to Philly, I will be back.
Landed in Philly & basically headed straight here

Was pleasantly surprised to get a table right away on a Saturday at 9pm.

First up was the tasty punch. Followed by an amazing mezcal rose water concoction. These people know their booze!

Food was incredible.  Glad to have a friend to share a bunch of dishes with :) Of course we had to get the guac, did not disappoint. Next up was beet salad, very tasty. As was the Brussels sprouts. Buffalo cauliflower tacos were super flavorful & the veggies were cooked perfectly. 

Coconut custard was a little disappointing. The sauce & cream were good, but the custard itself was too firm & not very flavorful.

Kind of loud & dark... um, because it's a bar :) Good service.
This is one of the best vegan brunch places I have been to with regards to their food. Wow! I've been a vegan for over twenty years and I've tried my share of vegan restaurants around the world. Order the walnut banana pancakes - they are just yummy perfection. Light and tasty!! Their food presentation is beautiful as well. Someone in the kitchen is just doing an amazing job for Bar Bombón! Their coffee game needs to be upped, otherwise they are perfect!
The vegan cuisine game in Philadelphia is really strong. Bar Bombon is just another place to add to your list of vegan places to try in the city.

I made a reservation for 8pm the week before Valentines Day to celebrate with my husband. When we arrived, about 20 minutes early, the restaurant was packed! We waited for our seats at the bar and ordered drinks. The bar is latin themed and the front bar area, while small, is cutely decorated with fancy tile and hanging plants. My mojito was small but delicious. 

We were seated shortly after our 8pm res time so they graciously brought us some guac on the house, very nice! The chips with the guac were a mix of what seems to be tortilla chips and some other veggie chips. 

We ordered about 4 additional dishes Jalapeno Rellenos, the Philly Steak empanadas, Smoked Poblano Slides, and the Traditional Tacos. I enjoyed all of these dishes but nothing really stood out about them. I think the traditional tacos were my favorite though! 

We finished with Tres Leches which was superb! Thinking about this slice of heaven now makes me mouth water. I think it had coconut on it, which I'm not normally a fan of but in the case I loved it!

I'm not going to be rushing back to Bar Bombon but I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a date night.
So I've come here about 6 times now and while the food is five star and constantly wonderful, the hostess, service and seating ticks me off every time. 

To be totally blunt, with the exception of a male host on our first visit, the hostess of the day is always on the rude side. We went as a party of four at 11:45 on a Sunday for brunch. The majority of tables were empty but we were told there were 12:30 reservations and we'd have to sit at the bar. 45 minutes with empty tables?! I said we would be done eating in 45 minutes but the hostess acted like I had three heads for saying that and really was very "whatever sit at the bar or I'm sorry we can't seat you". My daughter really wanted to eat here (she's vegan) or I would have walked out. 

We were pointed to the bar with four empty stools crammed together in a small space. We couldn't even fit so I had to stand behind mine until the couple next to us was done eating. When I got to actually sit the bar is so narrow that there was about a two foot gap where I had to bend in half to reach my coffee. Absolutely no room for plates as you can see from the photos. 

Our order was taken by the bartender who was sweet but overwhelmed. Our order came out wrong but she corrected it. We had to keep asking for waters to be refilled and for more coffee. The hostess stood around glaring at anyone who came in and asked about the empty tables while she refused to seat anyone. 

At the end of our meal it was 12:20 so indeed we could have been seated in the dining room. 

I give 5 stars plus for the food, which was all amazing and worth coming for, just don't expect great service.
Like the variety of vegetarian options. Tried Peruvian potatoes, cauliflower tacos, sweet corn, deluxe guacamole and house made chips, Spanish meatballs. All tasty, with excellent sauces. Very nice service by Nikki. Sorry to say most meat places do not have such good sauces for veggies. Thankfully not too hard to park around the corner, validated by Restaurant.
It's taken me a few days to write this review because this is the first time I've been able to leave my bathroom since Sunday night. My initial concerns about a vegan restaurant called Bomb-On were born out to a level that I never even considered possible. If I lived in a country with weaker plumbing, I do not believe I would be alive today. This was the first time in my life I even thought about Yelping proctologists. I have now come to believe this entire enterprise is a practical joke on the city of Philadelphia. 

Now, about the food. Asking about the "meat" played out like a Simpson's skit: 

Marge: This is delicious! What's in it?
Manjula: Chickpeas, lentils, and rice.
Marge: And what's in this?
Manjula: Chickpeas and lentils.
Apu: Try it with rice.

Only instead of gentle, forgiving chickpeas and lentils, the "food" is made from some kind of gluten and wheat extract the likes of which only a mad, evil scientist could conjure. The chicken tacos were terrible. Although the initial intake of the Cubano Club was tasteful and enjoyable, the exit left me wanting to forfeit my life. The tres "leche" (coconut milk) was also sweet and delectable. The La Jefa drink is smartly made for a dessert cocktail.

Our server was acceptable-to-good in the "trying too hard and a little too into it" way. No matter how hard you try, I will never think a heavily-forced Spanish accented word exploding in the middle of an American English sentence will ever sound natural, good, or even respectful. So cut that out.

I will never come back here, unless someone takes a gun to my head and says "We're going to Bar Bombon" - in which case I would still decide I've had a good run and enough's enough. But if you're vegan and hate yourself, and they are often one and the same, I highly recommend it.
Went here for lunch with a friend. Cozy little place with friendly staff and tasty vegan interpretations of Latin food

We had:
Watermelon and jicama salad (3/5) - a very pretty dish but ultimately the watermelon was not very ripe, the jicama cubes were slightly too big so their slightly starchy, sweet flavor overpowered the very subtle seasoning. 

Plantains (5/5) - just amazing. Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned, nice sauce not too sweet and very flavorful

Brussels Sprouts (5/5) - baked to a perfect crisp, slightly tart with a really interesting play on peanut sauce. 

Cactus enchiladas (5/5) - generally veggie enchiladas turn me off cause they end up ultra cheesy with no substance. This dish totally broke the rules, the cactus and rice filling gives the enchilada some substance while the mole sauce is very flavorful without being overpowering. Definitely worth trying. 

Overall a great pick for a tapas style shared lunch or dinner.
Tried this spot for my vegan brunch amiga! It's such a cute place and service was nice.

While I waited to be seated, had a cool and tasty cocktail at the bar. Bartender was on point and staff were also wearing mask. It's a nice vibe inside.

Made reservations several days in advance for outdoor seating. The weather was great and Bar Bombón's outside seating was nicely sectioned off with its own lovely decor.

We shared the Philly steak empanadas. I'm not vegan but it tasted really good. It was also the smallest empanada I ever had. For my main meal, I had the impossible tacos that were tasty. My vegan brunch partner said she thought everything tasted good. Tried their Puerto Rico punch that was okay too.
Overall awesome experience here. We were initially a little let down by how long it took for our drinks to be ordered/served on a relatively not busy evening and fact that our meals were placed at the very front of the table even though we acknowledged who ordered what. The latter was an issue simply because the server stated that one of the dishes was extremely hot so we had to essentially slide it down the table and during that slide my friend accidentally made contact with my finger which was pretty upsetting for a few seconds.

The definite positives include the food itself - I ordered the Spanish meatballs and the Spanish fries. Both were really good and the portions were filling. I was doing that thing where you're full but you keep eating because you don't want to stop tasting it.

There was a late night drink menu that we took advantage of- love that this exists. I tried the punch for $6. I've had the beet margarita before off the regular menu and recommend that the most.

I do have to shout out our waitress, the bartender and the manager. We were sitting in the restaurant well after close and no one once made us feel rushed or like we were inconveniencing their closing process. I give the restaurant a 5 for that because our waitress even offered another round to emphasize that we were still welcome.

Also my friend ordered Vicio but it must have been so
popular that they had completely run out. To remedy this, the bartender extended the remaining drops in a shot glass to my friend and expressed that the manager said she can have another drink of her choice on the house. That is beyond solid customer service! 

We appreciate you Bar Bombon.
Came here on a Saturday night with a reservation, it was such a great choice. We had the empanadas, guac and chips, salsa and chips, yucca frites, and the buffalo cauliflower tacos. Neither my BF or I are vegans but we both enjoyed the meal. The empanadas was crispy and flavorful, yucca frites were delicious, and the tacos I didn't even know I was eating cauliflower! This is the first restaurant where I enjoyed both the green and red salsa, both are mild, the green had a fresh taste while the red had a more smoky taste. For two people, I would say about 4 dishes is appropriate. Everything is tapas style, I would definitely go here again!
This is what vegan food should taste like.  

I'm not vegan but many of my friends are and a lot of vegan food tends to drift towards new-age hippy-dippy fusion food because these 2 or 5 things work together.  Not that there isn't a place for that, but sometimes you just want honest, good food. 

Our party of 3 was sat in a nice table in the quaint dining room and our server was wonderful, explaining a few things we had questions on and always swinging by to bring a new bottle of water or top off our glasses.  We sat shortly after 8pm on a Thursday night and it was packed, usually a great sign. 

From memory we ordered: 

NACHO DE MACHO - maybe the one thing I wouldn't order again, as it was more of a deconstructed nacho with only seasoned tofu crumbles to replace the cheese.  When I think of nacho's, I think of a towering heap of gooey cheese and jalapenos, both missing from this.  

YUCA FRITA - these are not my go-to but a friend likes them so we ordered.  Best I've ever had.  Anywhere else these taste like fried air puffs. Here, they had a really nice taste and the dipping sauce was great.  Presentation when brought to the table is also beautiful. 

PINCHOS - not my choice for an app but was very tasty, the sauce on the bottom of the plate had a really nice kick. 

For dinner I ordered BRÓCOLI, and while you might not get that excited over a broccoli taco, you should.  Do not sleep on this! Side for this dish is rice and beans, and they are both amazing.  

I also ordered a CUBANO CLUB which I split with a friend.  The bread was more of a cheese steak roll, and not pressed, but the flavors were all there.  This is something you could hand to a carnivore and they'd be hard pressed to know it was vegan.  The mustard used in this is wonderful.  Shining star on the plate, the sweet potato salad,  Bright and amazing!  

My friend ordered a CHIPOTLE CHICK'N BURRITO which I split and this was much heavier, had a nice smokey flavor from the chipotle and while the root veg wasn't listed on the menu, it doesn't have the consistency of a tortilla with a bunch of veggies inside.  There's some weight to this thing.  

Rounded out with TRES LECHES CAKE, and while a bit heavier than others I've had, the taste and fresh fruit that came along with it was spot on.  Really kind of amazing. 

This is a great little spot that has a core menu of amazing food, one you could go back to 3-4 times and not eat the same thing twice.  My understanding is the menu is tweaked and changed as seasons change, too, so something new is always there to look forward to.
Walking through downtown Phila with my vegan and veggie daughter, we decided to stop by Bar Bombon for a vegan meal. Omg, the most amazing vegan I have ever had! 
Items ordered; "chicken" empanadas, "chicken" enchiladas, salad with a tasty herb vinaigrette, chunky, spicy guacamole and chips, and the kids got a side French fries with saffron Parmesan "cheese." Everything was marvelous! 
Service, our waitress was friendly, informative and attentive. 
Decor; a South Beach Miami vibe, Latin music and palm trees wallpaper and birds of paradise flowers. Large windows open up with brightly colored plantation shutters, open air to the hustling-bustling streets. Inside is small, only a handful of tables, full bar with about 15 stools, and a couple outside tables, so plan head and possibly make a reservation if it's a busy time of day. 
Will definitely return next time I am back in Phila.
My tummy is fat and happy!! 

I had a 24 hour layover and I love Philly for so many vegan places to try. For some reason, this one has passed my list, but no more. I went for dinner tonight and was thoroughly pleased with every single thing I ordered. 

Before I get into the food,  I'd like to talk about the service. I had a great server, Rebecca who was an excellent guide to help me navigate all the great options available on their menu. In addition,  once I ordered each item came quickly with attention to detail on my experience.  

Ok, let's get into what you all really want to know...was the food any good? HELL YES! (Sorry if that offends) It was better than I expected since there are some mixed reviews on Yelp, but let me tell you, if you go, you will not be disappointed.

The restaurant is all plant based/vegan with Latin American/Caribbean flavors influencing their menu. Tonight I was hungry, so I ordered a number of items:

Buffalo cauliflower taco & 
Seiten Al Pasteau taco
Plantains
Tres Leche Cake (Yes, vegan) for dessert 

First, the tacos were very good, and hands down I see why so many people mention the Buffalo cauliflower tacos, because whoa were those delicious.  The Seiten tacos were great too, lots of flavor and I think if you have a meat eater in your group, this would be a great choice. The plantains, something I love to eat whenever I see it on a menu were cooked perfectly...tender, roasted to bring out their natural sweetness, the crema sauce was lightly drizzled and the cilantro added a little complexity and freshness I really enjoyed. 

Now, dessert...that deserves it's own paragraph! I've ALWAYS loved tres Leche cake, but since going vegan, thought I'd never have it again, but there it was on the menu and 100% vegan (I kid you not). The massive slice of deliciousness came to my table with this coconut cream sauce, shredded coconut, and crushed pineapple. The cake was thick and dense, and served with coffee just completed the whole experience and I ate it all by myself...that's right, and I'd do it again. 

Ok, I think you get I enjoyed myself...hope you do too when you come to eat here.
I came here twice in two days! 

I love any vegan places, and this is a unique one that is latin inspired. It's in a great location too, right off of Rittenhouse. 

The food was rich, flavorful, and some were traditional Spanish items, others were more unique. The fish tacos and empanadas were delishhh. The margs during happy hour were only $5 but large and very well made (fresh citrus, not disgusting sour mix that'll make you hungover). The coffee was good too.. french press. 

Given the ambiance, and location, this place is also very reasonably priced. Entrees are all under $15 and portions are decently sized.
First off, let me say that I'm super excited this place exists, and I'm sad this isn't higher. Should be two-star review but they get one because I want them to succeed. But they have A LOT of work to do. Like, a ton.

Experience started by trying to call them several times to get details. Apparently they can't hear anything where the phone is set up. Spent 10 minutes on the phone trying to get a basic question answered and they couldn't understand what I was saying.

Went for brunch on Sunday, one week after their opening so kinks should have been worked out. Arrived at 1:10. Got the menu and were told that two of the items weren't being served because they still couldn't figure out how to make the cheese melt. Probably shouldn't be on the menu then, but lots of other good-looking options so okay. Server said she'd be back in a minute so we quickly decided, then waited to get our order taken.

And waited. And waited and waited and waited. Saw our server and half a dozen staffers walk by us constantly in half-empty dining room, no one stopped to check on us or even seemed to notice we were trying to get their attention. For half an hour. Finally, server ran over, apologizing, and saying she forgot about us because someone didn't clock in and they were understaffed. But there were maybe half a dozen other tables and more staffers than patrons. But we placed our order, so yay! This was about 1:45.

You'd think after that they'd rush stuff out. Nope. Waited 15 minutes to get the first item -- an iced tea. I had ordered the horchata and was told it would be along shortly. Waited 5 more minutes. Finally waitress comes running back apologizing -- they're not serving horchata because they "got a bad recipe" (apparently people were complaining because it tasted so bad that they 86d it -- how do you mess up horchata). And why weren't we told earlier? Ahh. Okay, switched to lemonade which takes another 5 minutes to come out. Finally, an hour after being seated, we get our food.

After that, you'd expect perfect food. It was ... okay. 

Guac: Small for $12 (!!!) and needed something -- we added lemon from one of our drinks. Tasted like any old guac I'd make at home.

Iced tea: Expensive for TINY glass filled almost entirely with ice

Lemonade: It was bad, and I love lemonade so I say that rarely. Had that weird powdery taste you get from mixes or old lemons and was extremely watered down -- barely any lemon taste or sweetness. $3.5 for tiny glass. Also the waitress kept offering to refill my companion's drink but ignored mine.

Carne tacos: Okay? Maybe a 4/10. Don't really remember to be honest.

Tofu tacos: 6/10. Tofu, pineapple salsa, some sort of sauce. Decent, but nothing you couldn't make at home and a very small serving. Maybe 4 bites total. The tacos came with a side plate of maybe 10 tiny diced tomato pieces and some lettuce that was nowhere near enough for two servings of tacos. When they came out the sauce has also completely soaked through the tortilla, meaning the bottom half was just liquid and it was impossible to eat like a taco -- had to scoop up with a fork.

Beans/rice that came with the tacos were okay, but beans were definitely oversalted and rice was undersalted.

Most annoyingly, this place falls victim to the plague of Marquis' restaurants: overpricing. Bar Bombon is the worst of all three. We frequent Vedge and have no problem paying good money for good food -- if the food you're getting is worth it. And we're used to NYC prices. But these prices are just ABSURD. 

Consider the tofu tacos. You essentially get a small bowl of beans, a scoop of rice, and a few pieces of tofu with barely any add-ons -- for $15. That probably cost $2 to make, and it's nothing you couldn't do at home. You can get better-tasting tacos that clearly took more effort and money to make, with great service, at V-street for $10. 

The waitress kindly comped the drinks, and even then we ended up paying $50+ for just two tacos and a small bowl of guac. Happy to pay $50 for a $50 meal, but this should have been around $30.

Of course there were plusses. Our waitress was sweet and comped the drinks, and the decor is great (though no AC! So hot). But negatives really need to be fixed: bad service, huge wait, mediocre food, bad drinks and above all significantly overpriced. Would like to come back -- but going to give it awhile to fix itself.
Okay this place is honestly really good, and your non-vegan friends wouldn't even notice it was vegan if they just skimmed the menu and you kept your mouth shut. Their tacos are huge so don't balk like I did when seeing only 2 were included. The cauliflower ones were definitely the best, and I'm always a sucker for some good tostones.

They have cute (warm) outdoor space right on 18th st, and their staff is attentive but not intrusive. We basically ordered everything at least once on the happy hour menu (including a pitcher of margs), and it came out to like $155 for 4 people (plus we were full).
Considering Bar Bombon was opened by the same owners of hipcity and charlie was a sinner (both amazing places btw), I was stoked to see them come out with a Vegan Latin place!
The restaurant is wonderfully decorated to make you feel like you're in Puerto Rico. We came for dinner on the weekend so It was nice to be seated right away (yay!). The menu had so many delicious options, that I honestly didn't know what to order cuz I was EVERYTHING. 
Chick'n empanadas: a little dry, definitely needed a lot of sauce but pretty decent starter
tofu taco: best taco of the two I ordered, good flavor, great salsa, and it was topped with grapefruit to add some great citrus flavor 
Pescado taco: honestly the fake fish was kind of weird and chewy, not even close to the texture of expect it to be. 
Tortilla: best thing I ate, just order it and enjoy it too

Charlie was a sinner and hipcity have both been amazing, so I definitely had high expectations for Bar Bombon. They lacked spice and flavor in some areas, but overall the food was a great twist on typical Latin food just on the expensive end. 
Honestly I'm between 4 or 5 stars for the food, but since the wait staff was excellent, I'll bump it up
For the other mommas out there, there's only one highchair at Bar Bombon.  The space is a little tight, especially if you have a super energetic toddler, but our waitress was super sweet and brought him crayons and paper to keep him entertained.  We dined early on a Saturday afternoon and were able to park our stroller in the back, but if the restaurant was fully packed like it became around 12:30pm that wouldn't have worked.     

Anyway, our waitress was very sweet and informative.  

Buffalo Cauliflower tacos were very good.  The side of rice and beans that came with it was DELICIOUS!  Our waitress said the recipe is from the owners mother or grandmother (can't recall) and you can definitely taste tons of flavor and spices.  Our toddler loved the beans mixed with the rice.

Tofu Scramble - I wasn't a fan of this because the roasted poblano tasted way too smokey and strong so I wasn't really able to taste the tofu and mushrooms.   My husband was a fan of the potatoes that came with the scramble.  

Avocado/tomato salad - tiny portion for the price but the olive oil they used was dreamy.
Highway robbery. $15.50 for two dry "traditional" tacos. It doesn't even come with salsa. Rice and beans are an additional $5 each. 

There are better places out there for tacos at half the price. 

The tres leches cake is to die for! 10/10
Outdoor dining experience during COVID-19...

Had a lovely time eating outside at Bar Bombon! It was my first time visiting this restaurant and I was excited to try out the all vegan menu!

There are about 5 or 6 tables outside on the street and in the alley next to the restaurant. Service was friendly and attentive.

I had the Buffalo Cauliflower tacos and they were AMAZING! They were delicious and filling. Highly recommend. I also tried the Classic Margarita with spicy salt on the rim. Nice and refreshing with a little kick courtesy of the spicy salt.

I can't wait to return and try more of the menu!
I have gone to Bar Bom Bon at least four times and ordered from Caviar, and the food is excellent and service was good until this night, the bartender who informed he was the manager named Scott and works there 80 hours a week was extremely rude. I walked out without getting service. 
     All the other times was there service was excellent and food is excellent. He. I think his name was Scott, manager was so rude that I will never go back there again. Jeff
A thing worth doing is a thing worth doing well. 

First off: I am a self-described vegetarian foodie, (some think that's an oxymoron, but just so you know, the spirit is coming from a food loving meat free girl).  As a California girl with a love for bright Latin flavor, it was my hope this was my holy grail. 

This restaurant is a PROFOUND disappointment. 

Overall Message: 

Chef- you have done wonderful things with meat alternatives. Your focus has shown off- well done. It's a result most omnivores will happily eat. 
But Chef, you have focused too much on this one task and lost control of the vehicle. Your front of the house suffers from bad management and sadly disorganized / exhausted staff. Your beans and rice, (the orchestra for the prima donnas that are your fish tacos) are flat and lack dimension. 

The below summarizes my two experiences on opening day and 2 weeks later. 

FRONT OF THE HOUSE:
Ah deployment, deployment deployment. Your servers are so busy filling up glass bottles of tap water they haven't the time to serve. 
As I patiently waited for the bartender to serve the folks in front of me, the Front House manager shrilly asked, 
Manager: "Can I help you?". 
Me: "Oh, I am waiting for the bartender. Are you a bartender?"
Manager: "Yes, I can help you with that. I mean, I am the manager so that's better than a bartender" 
(Bartender shrinks her shoulders)
Me: "Oh can I order drinks with you?" 
Manager: "Oh yes, this is the bartender, (points to bartender), she can help you as soon as she is done." 
Me: Continues to patiently wait as I was before as I over hear the Manager thank the staff for working a double, while back door bragging that she has been working for 12 hours using her OUTSIDE voice INSIDE. 

Bartender made stellar drinks and I paid. Walked back outside and proceeded to wait 30 minutes for the very friendly but very overworked waitress. 

After said 30 minute wait, I walk back in and ask if maybe we should just order to go. I was keen to try the food but was tired of waiting for our poor server to have a moment to find us. 


(Can I just mention here? I am a nice person, I waited tables through grad school. That wasn't long ago and I try very hard to be patient and kind.  I swear, I am a very nice customer). 

The server was horrified and told me she would be right out and there was no need for take out. 

Having just seated back at the table, the manager comes out and yells, "ARE YOU OK?!". My DH quietly said, "well, we have been waiting here for 30 minutes to order, so...". 

Manager: OH BECAUSE I JUST WANT TO BE SURE EVERYTHING IS OK. Your server will be right out. 

....

and walks back inside. 

FOOD: 

As mentioned before- the drinks are great and the meat alternatives are delightful. This is the only reason we have 2 stars here. It's a great starting point. 

But everything else was room temperature and bland. It tasted as if thawed from a bag. I highly recommend going to one of the local taqueras, (my personal favorite is Taco Reindo) and trying the home made beans and rice. To a food lover, beans and rice are the true foundation of a meal. 

Without a serious attempt at making everything on the plate at the very least "good", the standout vegetarian components are not worth the cost of the bad service and bland foundation. 

I truly hope this restaurant will shape up with some soul searching on what it means to put together a harmonious plate. In the meantime, you will find me happily slurping a milkshake over at Hip City Vedge, 

A thing worth doing is a thing worth doing well.
My old college roommate and I met here for dinner and drinks one night. She's a pescatarian, so I love going to new vegetarian places with her. We started with drinks. She got wine, while I got the spicy beet margarita. It was a beautiful deep pink and delicious as well. 

I love their tapas style small plates on the menu! I got the spanish "meatballs" with grilled bread and fried brussels sprouts for some veggies. The meatballs were delicious with the romesco tomato sauce. And of course the sprouts were good with the caramelized onions, craisins, and nuts. My favorite combo!

These small plates were actually pretty filling, and I wrapped them up to go. My friend got the cubano club, a menu favorite that she's had before. I guess it's annoying that non-vegetarians have a preconception that they won't feel full if they're not eating meat, ha. That's definitely not the case here!
Great Vegan food with bold flavors! Came here on a whim with my gf before work and we were blown away! Will absolutely be back for those nachos!
Another vegan place done right, with a Latin twist!

It's a small but very charming restaurant in one of the busiest corners of the center city. I came here for the first time on a Saturday night without a reservation and boy did I luck out. We managed to take over four seats at the bar. I do recommend making a reservation if possible to save yourself the anxiety and suspense. 

The margaritas were unique and spot on. The grapefruit one was the clear winner but the beet marg is the house special and worth a try ( not to mention it's a beautiful color)! I literally drooled at the sight of my neighbor's yucca fries and the buffalo cauliflower tacos so naturally I ordered both. Both excellent dishes! The guacamole was was the only dish that was average.

A bit on the pricey end but the food/drinks/ambience/service made it worth it.
If the price point had been different, I would have felt a little differently about Bar Bombon. However, at over $100 with tax and tip with five small plates (they recommend 2-3 per person) and one drink each and one of us leaving still very hungry, I don't think it is worth it.  You can spend around that amount at Vedge for much tastier dishes and leave full and satisfied. 

The food was good, some dishes were quite good, but nothing had that wow factor to put it up on that price point. The two best dishes were the tofu special of the day which had replaced the salt roasted beets that were no longer available. The tofu was very firm and had been grilled. It was surrounded in a black bean sauce that was almost like a mole with some chili sauce on top. It was a little sweet and savory at the same time. There were a few fried yuca sticks on top. The other dish we liked was the fish tacos. They really had the texture of fish which was interesting.

Everything else was not very memorable. The hearts of palm ceviche was some acid atop a few slices of hearts of palm with some other little white cubed vegetables. The yuca fries were good, but you can get the same thing for cheaper in a larger portion at Dos Segundos or Bahama Breeze. The mushroom empanadas had a nice texture on the outside, but the filling could have used some more seasoning. 

Drinks were fine, but didn't even begin to compare with the drinks I've had over at Charlie was a Sinner, which is owned by the same people. I had a margarita with prickly pear and mezcal as the additional ingredients. It was a little weak on both of these things. My husband had a smokey Manhattan like drink, El Pirata. His drink was quite tasty. 

What was really bothersome other than the high prices, was the amount of gnats we had to wave away from our table while we were eating. Pretty gross and annoying. If they have this kind of problem in the dining area, I shutter to think what it's like back in the kitchen. 

The timing of dishes coming out of the kitchen was off. Our first three dishes came out way too quickly and there was not enough room to put the large plates on our tiny table. We felt rushed to finish off a plate to make room. We also couldn't seem to get rid of the gnats until the food was gone. 

If you go, try to get a table on the sides of the narrow room. Our table was in the middle of the walkway and it was awkward as people constantly tried to scoot past us from the bar or kitchen area on either side. 

I love their other restaurants, Charlie was a Sinner and Hip City Vedge, but Bar Bombon was a fail last night.
I was visiting my friends who had recently moved from NYC to Philadelphia. We are both vegan so we decided to give Bar Bombon a try. Place is in a prime fancy store shopping location, so prices were pretty overblown for the amount of food we received. We ordered drinks and 2 dishes: buffalo cauliflower tacos and a 'chicken' sandwich (12$ and 15$). I cook a lot of buffalo cauliflower at home, so I know how cheap it is to make it. We received 2 small tortilla pieces with VERY little cauliflower in it, no coleslaw no nothing.... anyways. We left the place still feeling hungry. 
It's pretty ridiculous to charge so much money for dishes that are made with simply veggies. The sandwich was good, but needed more potatoes. Small portions. 
P.s. I was just checking my credit card statements and I was charged extra 1$. I have a signed copy of my bill, so I know this for sure. not cool. BE AWARE !!!
I'll be real here. When my dining companion/dinner-place-chooser suggested we meet here I had no fucking idea what on earth the cuisine of this place was. I had an open mind beaming with curiosity.

The antechamber of this establishment is a long bar which provides handsome bar real estate however is simultaneously a hindrance for passing other people both going in the same and opposite direction. Host is between the bar and the dining area. 

Luckily for me, they seated us without a reservation. Right spank in the middle of the room. As I was closing the drink part of the menu after having made my selection, the Gardener's Revenge snagged my eyeball. Vodka, carrot, ginger, jalapeno, lemon. Comes in a tall glass with large ice cubes and FIERCELY orange color. Delicious. Not overwhelmingly carroty with a sharp spicy overtone. My first reaction was "WHOA". 

Being a vegetarian, it is an unusual experience for the entire menu to be fair game. I don't know what to do. HELP!!! It's too many words to read. I'm too indecisive. I let my dining companion make most of the decisions. The discovery of our mutual passion for nachos made that a requirement. His previous thorough enjoyment of the buffalo cauliflower tacos made that another requirement. The waitress spoke highly of the peruvian crispy potatoes made that a no-brainer and for reasons I can't explain, we also went with the ranchero dip.

Ranchero dip came first. I am a die-hard pinto bean fan and this dip was smooth with some added spice from which I am actually completely unaware. It was tasty however it is not a must order. 

Second, cauliflower tacos. This is where I would insert that emoji with the wide eyes. Holy shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit. They were spectacular. The buffalo cauliflower taco is seasoned deliciously but underneath that is like some substance that I cannot describe but it was spectacular. Menu investigation reveals it is avocado, green goddess (omg I love that shit even though I have no fucking idea what it is or what it means) black bean puree and mirepoix (wtf is that? let me google it..."diced vegetables cooked for a long time on gentle heat"...interestingGgGgGgG) This is absolutely, 100%, without a doubt, a must order. 

Third nachos. Crispy chips (same chips I just forcefully poured down my esophagus with the ranchero dip), lettuce, black beans, sour cream of some composition that I believe is vegan, jalapenos, guac, cilantro. We took them up on the seitan for an extra $3 offer. Tasty. I believe nachos are an entity whose goodness at rock bottom is 5/10. It's a bar that nachos just cannot cross. These however were not outrageously impressive. Get your nacho fix elsewhere. 

THOSE PERUVIAN POTATOES!!!!! These, my friends, are better than sex. No reluctance. One of the best things I've ever eaten. The potatoes themselves are little balls seasoned exquisitely with capers and some other shit. Does it really matter what it is when it's FUCKING DELICIOUS!? There was some exceptional sauce also and covered with slices of olives. I'm drooling. My eyes are rolling in the back of my head at the thought. 

Ironic event #1 is that we ordered a shameful amount of food because my companion kept saying he was "really hungry, really, I'm extremely hungry". I ended up eating at least twice what he ate and I had a snack before leaving. FML. 

Ironic event #2: as I was walking on the block outside after exiting, I was coordinating meeting up with my friends. By a strike of luck, they WERE GOING TO THIS PLACE. What the fuck???? What are the chances? I sat with them at the bar and sampled a few of the things they ordered. The meatballs were delicious. Get those.

Ok seriously come here this is a hidden fucking gem and I will definitely be back.
This place is a little gem in Rittenhouse Square. If you want a table for dinner, be sure to make a reservation. Bar seats can be hard to snag, but it's an option if you're the impulsive type and failed to make a reservation. The restaurant is tiny, so if you're at the bar, just know that people waiting for their table will be standing directly behind you. I assume that in nicer weather, people tend to wait outside, making the place feel less claustrophobic. 

The food and drinks are amazing. I appreciate how many things can be made gluten free and you know this place is doing GF correctly when they double and triple check with you because the food is prepared with a change of gloves and the like. Even when the food is delivered, they announce that it's GF. So props to Bar Bombon!

Literally my only gripe about this place is that service was rather slow. The bartenders were very friendly, but also super busy, so while our food came out within an appropriate time, it was sometimes difficult to get the bartenders' attention. Not a huge deal, as I wasn't in a hurry, but definitely something I noticed.

Would I come again? You bet. Should you check out this place? Definitely.
Vegan Latin food for the win!

This place adds a new twist to established dishes - keeping things fresh and your senses satiated!

It's located on one edge of Rittenhouse Park, so the location is great for any occasion - given the backdrop of the park, creates a great ambiance. Inside, it's got a Cuban motif, with small ceiling fans circling throughout, low lighting, open concept, and lots of wood fixtures. The main bar meets you as you step inside, and then the dining space is towards the right.

I had made a reservation using OpenTable, and when I arrived, our table was primed for seating - just the way I like to start a dinner!

We were seated squarely in the middle - so on the bright side, we had great visuals of people watching, but also found ourselves getting in the way if we shifted too much in one direction. You feel how close the quarters are when everyone is walking around you!

Once seated, the waitress offered us some drink options - I chose their latte drink with some almond milk. While our drinks arrived, we reviewed the menu options and settled on the buffalo cauliflower tacos and the ranchero bean dip (with chimichurri!)

The dishes were perfect for two and really well made! Great use of ingredients, and well developed flavors! It shows they really went to great lengths to build the dishes, not just replace meat elements with a vegetable. The dishes were hearty, satiable, and at the same time not heavy on the belly. 

Our waitress was great with our questions and came around plenty to check in on us. The staff was generally friendly and accommodating. 

Overall - really enjoyed my experience here, and I'm looking forward to the next visit!
I really want to give Bar Bombon a higher rating. I mean the food was good.  Unfortunately, the wait during my last experience was to such extreme that I couldn't ignore it in my review.

Vinny P and I visited for a 1230 lunch reservation on a random Tuesday.  The restaurant was busy, but not at capacity and we were quickly seated.  Having reviewed the menu ahead of time, we agreed on splitting the meatballs while I ordered the cauliflower tacos and Vinny ordered one of the salads.  Our order was in by 1240-45 at the latest.

Taking a step back, I should mention Bar Bombon is all plant-based.  I'm not a vegetarian or vegan, but enjoy good food with or without animal.  I do like that their entire menu doesn't try to be an animal product knock off.

110 and our meatballs arrive.  We've seen plenty of food come and go from the kitchen, but in Bar Bombon's defense didn't say anything.  The meatballs were hot and a good app to split.  It came with 5 meatballs.  It was cool how firm the were able to get them.  Taste was solid. No, I could tell I wasn't eating meat, but yes I liked them just the same.

125 no sign of our food mains, we ask and are told they will be right up.  We continue to see food leaving the kitchen, including items for guests that arrived after us.  The restaurant isn't nearly as crowded now.  135 we ponder if we should just get our check.  Somewhere between 140 and 145, however, our food arrives.  My taco order came with two nice size tacos.  Poor Vinny P just had a salad and it arrived last.  Now I can start on my tacos.  The buffalo added a nice little kick and the cauliflower was firm yet soft (if that makes sense).  The meal was a good light lunch.

Prices aren't extreme for the area, but considering the veggie nature of all the products, could seem a bit high.  The atmosphere was spot on for the area.  Really the wait just killed it for me.  I might give them another go, keeping in mind the potential wait.
First, I want to note that my rating is based on my first, and only visit to Bar Bombon. Second, the service was ok and our waiter was friendly; however, I was not at all impressed with the food, and don't quite understand the hype. Perhaps this was just an off night.

A friend and I came in for dinner after rave reviews from fellow Yelp'ers and friends. I was able to make a reservation for a weekday evening, but the restaurant was basically empty. Our waiter was friendly and relatively attentive, except that we were never asked if we wanted another round of drinks. Oddly enough, another staff member (who I believe may have been the manager) came over and specifically asked whether we had been offered refills. The drinks were ok, but not worth the money - so we politely declined any refills.

Sadly, the largest reason for my low rating was the food. We split "nachos" (AKA chips with dip on the side), and each ordered tacos. The food was disappointingly bland - no salt, no seasoning, no taste. Although the ingredients certainly tasted fresh, there was nothing about this meal that would make me want to return.

Lastly, the restaurant (especially the back room where our table was locate) was had a bunch of giant, black flies roaming arond. Our waiter acknowledged them without us saying anything and did apologize - but it was a bit of a turn off.
Hip-City Vedge's sister restaurant is a hit! I am very happy for another Vegetarian and Gluten Free places in the city!!! 

Food was really good and the portions were just right. 

Staff was nice and fast. 

Will be back to try other items on the menu.
This past weekend, my friends and I visited Philly and decided to try out this Puerto Rican vegan restaurant. That's rice Puerto Rican vegan, packed with all organic flavors in every bite. Bringing their Latin roots to philly, providing 100% vegan dishes to customers, this was undeniably one of my best vegan experiences. As a foodie, I am open to trying all kinds of food and Bar Bombon has my heart

Appetizer: Queso Dip (house made "Cheese" sauce with mojo verde
Entree: Cubano Club Slider (Blackened "Chicken", smoked tempeh, avocado, dill pickles, lettuce, tomato, grain mustard aioli 
Drink: Mango Mojito

THANK YOU
The reason it took me SO long to try this place was because I thought for some reason I couldn't because of my nut allergy...BOY WAS I WRONG! I've  been missing out on this amazing place all this time. Very little of their menu has nuts. Everything I wanted was nut-free. The food was delicious!!! I am definitely a fan I could easily eat here at least twice a week lol
Have I really not yet written my review of Bar Bombon yet? I adore this place. I was there opening night and I've enjoyed seeing their recipes evolve. It just keeps getting better and better. Bar Bombon is one of my three favorite restaurants in Philly right now, and I go there pretty often. I even found myself there on New Year's Eve! Some of my favorites include the Mexican Hot Chocolate, the Tortilla Soup, the Burrito, the Empanadas, the Yuca Fries, and the Arepas. It's one of very few restaurants where I don't get stuck in rut and order the same thing every time because there are so many things I love.

Also, the decor is adorable and the service is excellent. I've never had a bad experience here.

One thing I loved about living in Miami before I was vegan was the food. Bar Bombon tastes like Miami to me. Well done, Nicole! Highly recommend.
We were in the neighborhood doing some shopping when we noticed a live band playing amazing music here. There was very limited seating so we stopped at the bar, grabbed a few cocktails, and stayed for the music. When we were ready for more drinks, my husband went to the bar and another bartender said to him, "Where's your server?! I can't serve you." Wait, this is a bar, right? We then asked a hostess if we could be assigned a waitress so we could order drinks. She said she would "check" and never came back. 15 minutes later and we asked another waitress if we could place an order for drinks with her. She said she'd check if she was allowed to and also never returned. A manager kindly asked us if we'd like a standing table so that we could order and we were thrilled. He brought over a waitress who took our drink order and, you'll never guess... she never returned. We waited for about 20 minutes after placing the order before walking out. 2 stars for the amazing band they had playing. But seriously, what a disastrous experience and way to lose out on business.
What a friendly place. Everyone here was so nice. From the minute we got in they went out of their way to ensure we understood the type of restaurant they were. Essentially they are a vegan restaurant which we did not know. We only wanted some drinks and an appetizer. The drinks were great and the nachos were even better. We are not vegans but it did not make a difference. We enjoyed our app and most importantly we enjoyed ourselves. Definitely think we would go back to try other items on their menu.
Wife and I had dinner here last night. I called ahead for reservations (I suggest doing this on a busy date night like Friday.) Phone etiquette was excellent, exuberant, and attentive. We found street parking. As a first time patron at this venue, I found it difficult to identify that it was Bar Bombon from my car when I passed by it, as it has some other name on the door, and at first glance, it was easy to miss the relatively small hanging sign that was not obvious from a driver's perspective...but if you know where HipCityVeg is (same owner) and are looking at it, then Bar Bombon is on the same block, just a couple doors to the right, on the corner. You can identify the sign obviously when on foot, while approaching.

7PM was our arrival time (with a 7:30pm reservation)...this is a popular place, every bar seat was taken, and some patrons standing in the aisle...seems fun and relaxed. We made our way passed the bar toward the dining room, and we were greeted by the hostess, who was very enthusiastic, professional, and personable. We seemingly had a lucky streak that evening, since we found a great parking spot just outside of the restaurant, and it just so happened that there was a two-top table vacant at that very moment that we arrived. We were sat right away (BONUS!) and were immediately greeted by an awesome waitress/aficionado, Amy! Next thing we know, we made a friend in her. She was very helpful in making our experience top notch. She really made an effort to understand us as not as just another table she is servicing, but as one would expect to be treated as a client or patron at a business. My wife does not do well with spicy dishes, and so, Amy was attentive in making sure my wife had plenty of options while staying clear of picante and en fuego flavors. Kudos, Amy!

My wife had a Prosecco-based fruity drink and then a Green Apple-sort of drink (can't keep up with so many names of drinks)...but from what I tasted, and from what I gathered by my wife's comments, the drinks were totally on point. Enough alcohol for you to feel you're getting your money's worth, and yet, tactful and made with precision (I really value that from a bar.)

I'll spew a few things we tried, and give you a couple hints...

Nacho de Macho: A+
Guacamole: A+
Corn: B+ ...I had higher expectations in flavor, but to be fair, we requested it not to come with some spices that they normally add to it, so I would have been happier with more spice, but wife was happy :)

Plantanos (sweet): A ...they were too smashed, and I was hoping for a more mushy texture on the inside while crispy on the outside.

We tried the above as our appetizers.

Rittenhouse Salad A+
Chick'n soup: A ...nothing wrong with it per se, but not quite the flavor of authentic Old San Juan...I wanted more kick and it could have been presented better (but it's a soup :-) so I'm not complaining)...hot sauce was provided.

The above was our mezzo.

"Carne" Burrito: B ...I was really hoping to have a great flavor profile here...left a lot to be desired. Don't get me wrong, it was fresh, served well, and had an appealing look. I thought it was just above being bland. Not bad.

Veggie Burrito: I'll decline to give it a rating, since my wife didn't like it, but that might be cause my wife is not big on kale, and I might like it, and I asked for a doggie bag, since I'll have it as left overs...might be great, not sure...my wife ordered a different burrito instead....

Amy was so cool about helping my wife custom order her burrito, that when the new burrito came out, my wife was very happy...so A+ to whatever they made for her on Round 2 :)

The above were our entrees.

Then we had dessert. OH. MY. GOODNESS!

Hands down, the absolute best Soy Latte I've ever had!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (Count those exclamation points!)

So, when it comes to vegan desserts... More than 99% of them are horrible...and I've learned to live without an awesome vegan dessert.

Tres Leches cake...I felt a tear drop down my face. A+++++++++++++++ so moist, so delicious (think Cookie Monster on Sesame Street when he can't resist the urge to eat the cookies!) NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM LOL

Just understand that there is a coconut component to it...I understand how some people might not like coconut.

I'll be back soon, if only for more dessert.

Bar Bombon, you are a welcome venue for the vegan food scene in Philly. 

Special mention...I love your website...very thoughtful and rich looking.

Looking to the future - Add Mofongo to the menu!
Had the mushroom empanadas, street corn, plantains, and a bite of the Cubano sandwich.  Skip the empanadas, the outer part was weird (cornmeal?), and not at all reminiscent of an empanada.  The dipping sauce was incredible, but available in other items on the menu (such as the street corn).  The street corn was great, and had that wonderful chiplotle crema.  The plantains were the best I've ever had, as they are usually very greasy, but these were great.  Cubano sandwich was phenomenal, but the fries that came with it were not.  Prices were high for the amount of food; yes, its small plates, but I've had small plates elsewhere that had more food on the plate :).  Either way, the food was worth coming back for.
I must admit, I was curious about this place when my friend recommended it.  I was pleasantly surprised by our experience. I will say it is very small inside and a little tight. The front part of the restaurant is a long bar. This leads to a seating area in the back. The table are very very close together. Now on to the food...I'm a vegetarian, so when I dine out I usually only have 2 - 3 options to choose from. It was amazing to be able to pick from the entire menu. It was superb! The peruvian crispy potatoes were the fan favorite! And we devoured the tacos! Those are definitely a must have. And the meatballs....whoa....I loved them. Honestly, I loved everything we ordered. I wish I could pick this place up and put it near me in Virginia. I urge everyone to go check it out - vegetarian or not.
My first time here, on a double date with another couple, we had a fabulous time. The menu had a ton of options (including the fake chicken sandwich from hip city veg, which i LOVE), and we all left stuffed and happy.
My second time, not so great. They changed the menu so it's exclusively snack type foods (yet it's all pretty pricey). Appetizers, vegetable sides, and tacos- that's it. I much prefer getting a hearty veg entree- that's the reason why I love going to vegetarian restaurants :( Also, paying extra for rice and beans when you're getting tacos is pretty much B.S. and the rice was super dry :( 
Bring back the old menu!!
My husband and I were really looking forward to an early lunch and cocktails on Sunday 10/18, we walked in at 10:59am and were met with quite an attitude from the woman behind the bar, she was visibly annoyed that we walked in one minute before opening and after an awkward exchange with the server who seemed to be happy to see us, asked us if we could come back in a few minutes.  Here's the thing, in a city like Philly where there are tons of awesome places to eat the answer to that is "No, I won't come back in a few minutes"....sorry, Bar Bombon....it was a chilly morning, we were looking forward to getting settled in but I couldn't bring myself to be a customer at a place that treated customers like that.  Instead we headed over to El Vez and spent the morning enjoying their brunch (delicious by the way!).
The atmosphere here is great. Very intimate at night but open and fun during the warmer months. The food is also really good. Its tapa style so easy to try a lot of different things. My favorite items are the empanadas and traditional tacos. The yuca and stuffed peppers are also very tasty. They also have very tasty and diverse cocktails. The customer service is also good!
So I recently succumbed to the pleads of my girlfriend to give up on the keto diet. Fortunately, this opens up a WORLD of ordering food delivery possibilities. Bar Bombon has been one of those gems that I have had to forget exists over the last year. We were finally reunited yesterday evening.

I was disappointed to see they don't have hummus on their menu. Didn't they use to? Am I crazy? I did get one of my favorites: their cauliflower tacos! I was trying to repent for a weekend of eating absolute shit and I ordered one of their salads with the little tortilla strips and beans and other good salad stuff. I recalled their meatballs being spectacular so I through those bad boys on the order and my GF human ball ordered tostones. 

The cauliflower tacos were spectacular, just as I remember them. I did ask for onions ONLY on one taco because my lovie LOVES onions but I HATE them. This doesn't seem like a difficult request but it apparently was because I had to fish onions out of my taco. The meatballs were actually not as good as I remember them but decent enough to finish. The bread that accompanies is delicious: a thick piece of soft bread with a nice crust toasted to perfection. 

My salad was AMAZING. This was probably my favorite part. The ingredients were super fresh and the dressing tasty. This place has great salads. The tostones were ok, I wish they were seasoned more or came in a better and more flavorful dipping sauce. I felt like they needed something I couldn't pinpoint. Ranch, perhaps? Ranch is always the right answer.

Anyways, this is a vegetarian gem and I would love to try more stuff from here in the future.
Wow this is definetly the first veggie (all plant based) Puerto Rican cuisine I have ever seen. We were very excited to try the food here and we were highly impressed. We have enjoyed dinner at their chef's other restaurant (Charlie was a sinner) many times as well. 

The food here was even better! The tortilla soup was so flavorful and like nothing Ive tried before so rich and delicious. 

All of our meals were great, service was awesome including our waiter who have thorough explanations of the menu in a way that was understandable and relatable. Plus was happy to give recommendations for those of us that we're having a hard time deciding over such great dishes. 

Great place for a all veggie meal. (Vegan) as well as their bar (small) is a great place to grab a drink too. 

Indoor seating is limited and the outdoor seating is on the side of the building by the alleyway so try and grab a seat inside if you can.
I am not a vegan by any means, and neither are my three dining companions the night we went to Bar Bombon, but not one of us left feeling unsatisfied, in fact, it was one of the better meals I have had in a while. I wish the space was a little larger, but it is cute and comfy.  

To start, the margaritas are amazing and fresh.  I had the beet margarita, my bf had the spicy marg and another friend had the passion-fruit.  They were all strong, large, and not too sweet, just like a margarita should be!  

As far as the food, I will say the appetizers are slightly better than the main courses, but I truly didn't miss the meat in any of them and could have eaten this food every night.  Everything is full of flavor and you can tell how much thought goes into it! The brussle sprouts were the stand out, crispy and flavorful we couldn't get enough.   The spicy guac was very good, nothing different than guac you'd get at another great Mexican place, and oh my gosh the cheese fries were to die for, thin crispy little fries.  They brought us out some upcoming dishes since one of my companions knew the chef, and when its on the menu you must, must get the grilled broccoli salad!  I couldn't try the mushroom flatbread due to mean allergies but everyone said it was great.  We tried all of the tacos and the burrito, all were very good, and again flavorful.  The tacos aren't huge, but the burrito definitely is!  Also the rice and beans may be some of the best around!
This place was the highlight of my 24 hours in Philadelphia. As a vegetarian I did some research before heading out for dinner on a Thursday night. This place definitely seemed up my alley and it was! The music was popping and we cozy-ed up to the bar and placed our drink orders. My hubby got a margarita and I caved into my curiosity of a vegan pisco sour. As someone who doesn't eat eggs I'd never had a pisco sour. WOW! I loved it. Our bartender meticulously made our drinks with fresh juices and mixers that we saw right in front of us on the bar. We ordered an order of the buffalo cauliflower tacos too. They were wonderful! I did think they were a bit on the pricey side for the quantity and lack of sides but in any case the flavors were amazing and I didn't think about it again. 9 pm rolled around and we were handed their late night happy hour menu that stated that their nachos were 1/2 off and their margaritas were steeply discounted. Who would say no?!? Round two of drinks with an order of nachos. The nachos were delicious but not as memorable as the tacos. The drinks definitely held their own. To top it all off was just the overall vibe and feel of this place. They were playing all the top reggaeton music and our bar tender was so friendly! Slowly the place started to fill and it felt like a party. I recommend this place for everyone who loves delicious food- not just if you're a vegetarian or vegan!
One of my new favorite places! I love that everything is plant based and delicious!!! I have been here two times and each time has been very pleasing.

The staff is incredible. Everyone is very knowledgeable and so far they give honest opinions on likes and dislikes. I'm the customer who is always stuck in between two item and has to ask what the server suggest! 

My first trip I sat at the bar! I had an amazing happy hour drink, which I think changes by the day or weekly! I tried the carne taco. Very yummy. I believe it had peppers and plantain all within the taco so it was bursting with flavor. I also tried the avocado and tomato salad! Talk about a crowd pleaser. It's very well seasoned and also has chopped walnuts within it!

My second trip I had the mushroom tacos...equally delicious. The empanadas which blew my mind. I tried the chicken and the beef. The chicken may be my favorite, but the beef is quite tasty! I drank a refreshing drink called the Reverb! I brought my girlfriend and she order the tostones, yum, and a strawberry gazpacho soup! She said the soup was beyond amazing! I can't wait to go back! Try them for happy hour! Chow down!
Alas, bar bombon was a bit overhyped and over expensive for this yelper to truly appreciate.

Must get: spanish meatball
Meh: sweet plantains ($$$), harvest guac ($$$), vegan bacon, cubano club, cauliflower taco
Missed out: dessert.

I must admit that I am not a vegan expert, but I do like tasty food, and in my book, flavor beats flair any day of the week, however, Bar Bombon failed to impress. Starting with the appetizers, my only recommendation would be the Spanish meatball, which I was almost fooled with its meaty texture and amazing spices. Sure, it may have been made of bread, but that doesn't mean it wasn't delicious. After that however, the rest of the menu items were just one expensive flop after another. The sweet plantains were as nondescript and expensive as you can imagine. The harvest guac looks great, except for the amount they charge, you can leave home with almost 5 pounds of fresh avocados at home. The vegan bacon was an affront to...food in general. It was dry, cold, and tasted like roadkill mixed with the tire that tried to end its misery. The brussel sprouts were well loved but failed to entice this yelper. I felt the cauliflower taco had a ratio of 98% flour to 1% cauliflower to 1% air and  I can't recommend it if you're trying to be healthy. Finally, the cubano club, the star of the restaurant was meh, at best with non-pressed bread, the same dried lump of tempeh for meat and did not remind me of any cubano I've ever tasted.

It comes with great sadness that I write this review of a vegan joint beloved by some of my colleagues. However, when you take account the cost and quality of the items, I just can't justify anything higher than a 2-star review.

Food: 1-2 stars
Service: 3 stars
Ambiance: 3 stasr
Price: 1 star
2.5 to 2.75 really. 

Too expensive. Especially the drinks. And I'm not a cheapskate. The drinks are just okay. Maybe less than just okay. Don't bother with the $15 mezcal drinks. They're overly sweet, hide the mezcal flavor, and are just not complex or delicious enough to warrant a $15 price tag. I also had the beet habanero margarita. It was good, but I expected more spice. I wasn't given a straw so I had to delicately drink the last part of the drink. A server or manager asked if I was finished with the drink since the bottom of the glass had liquid in it. If I had tried to drink it I would've ended up with drink all over my face and lap. Ugh. Yes, I could've asked for a straw, but by that point I'd given up. We also had the regular margarita and a beer. Again, the drink was so so. I asked for salt and didn't get it. Bleh. A can of Hipster Ale beer also cost $7, so it seems like all the drinks are crazy overpriced. 

On a Saturday at 8pm they were out of two menu items. It seemed like they had all of the ingredients though based on the rest of the menu, so I was confused. I think it sucks to be out of nachos and enchiladas on a Saturday night. We ordered the empanadas, which were the only standout menu item. The dough was cooked to a crispy, yet soft and buttery consistency. The inside veggie beef component was flavorful and yummy, and the sauces. Man alive. Delish! Unfortunately the food fell flat from there. We had the fish tacos and the chicken tacos. Both were fine, but fell apart when eating and my husband remarked that I make better tacos at home (Awwwwww!). They both lacked something. Sauce, seasoning, innovation? All three?  We also tasted the Sopa de Tortilla and it needed salt like whoa. The only saving grace of the whole meal were the rice and beans served with tacos. The black beans were the best I've ever had! I wish all the food had been as flavorful. I love Hip City and Charlie so I will give Bar Bombon another shot, but I will most likely never drink with my meal again. $95 for tacos, empanadas, one soup, and four drinks. Nah. You will pay for the location, not the food and drinks. 

Service was also a little wonky and though I wouldn't call it unfriendly, I also wouldn't call it friendly. Our server took my husband's napkin (paper) from us and then never gave him a new one. Our soup came out and we waited for spoons, no straw in my margarita, and she seemed generally uneducated about the drinks menu.
After stopping into a few restaurants and realizing they had no vegetarian options, I turned to Yelp to help me locate one nearby. This was especially helpful since I'm not a expert in Philadelphian eateries (yet). BTW, love this city! I discovered I was steps away from Bar Bonbom. I took the first seat at the bar, which with the door open, felt like I was straddling inside/outside. Perfect. The ladies behind the bar were very pleasant with their greetings. And the one nearest me took more than enough time breaking down the menu options with me :). I ordered the tostones, avocado tomato salad and Buffalo cauliflower taco along with a Pain Killer cocktail (don't you love vacation day drinking?). The salad was so interesting, in a good way. Like a chilled chunky guacamole. I'm always cautious with my expectations for tostones. But these are just as good as the ones my boyfriend and aunt make (which I realize means little to you, since you don't know their skills in the kitchen, you'll just have to take my word for it). They are served with a small Pico de Gallo and tortilla strip "fries". Delicious. Finally the taco. It had the same texture and taste as a buffallo shrimp taco!!!! Amazing. Oh and I almost forgot the cocktail. Boozy in a subtle and tasty way. Just like a perfectly crafted cocktail should be.

Throughout my lunch, Emily, the vibrant and eager bartender, and I had conversations, which as a solo diner sitting at a bar is always nice. However, I felt some tension from the other bartender, Jackie, who seemed put off by a lot of what Emily was doing, as though she was offended. It was sad to watch since they both were friendly and professional. My only recommendation is for Jackie to chill out and drop the mean girl vibes.
Just walked into this place off the street for lunch thinking it looked cute and having NO idea that it was a vegan restaurant (:/). But man was this a place a gem. 

As I'm sure you have gathered, I am not vegan, I am very much an omnivore, so you can imagine my disappointment when I take a closer look at my menu and realize there was not to be a shred of carnitas or crumble of cheese on this latin food. But we had already sat down and received our water...too late to run. I am not a fan of fake meats, just another super processed food, so I started to browse the veggie options. 

As per the super friendly waitresses suggestion I order one veggie taco from the menu (sautéed mushrooms, roasted sweet potatoes, and charred kale) and one of the veggie special tacos ( crispy broccoli with red onion, dill, and lemon) which are served with rice and beans. The food came out quickly and looked so bright and colorful. Both tacos were extremely flavorful, and I would have a hard time picking my favorite of the 2. The rice was good, not too memorable, but the beans....OOOOOOOOHHHH THE BEANS!!! Heavenly. So rich and delicious. I would cut off a limb for the recipe to these things, and they are vegan?! 

The prices were a touch steep, $14 for 2 little tacos, but then again I generally feel like any good (REAL) latin food should not get in to the double digits and I left full. Service was excellence. My only constructive criticism is that I don't understand why they don't do more veggie things on the menu instead of all the fake meats. Fake meats never taste like the real thing and to process them is also bad for the environment ( like real meat). To be honest this place could just sell bowls of beans and be a success...I crave them on the daily.
We went here for my birthday brunch and it was DELICIOUS! 

We ordered the following:
+Empanadas (5/5) - hot, crispy and a perfect appetizer 
+Veggie burrito (3/5) - this came with a type of faux meat, which we all seemed to not enjoy as much unfortunately. The seasoning was a bit off here. 
+Tofu scramble (4/5) - good flavors but pretty simple (my dad's is still better hehe)
+Guac & hot sauce & chips (5/5) - outstanding!! 

My bf and best friend (who are both carnivores) both loved the dishes! 

The ambiance is great as well - lots of light and fresh air, perfect on a nice spring day! 

Can't wait to be back!
Definitely make a reservation if you are planning on coming over the weekend -- this place is not very big (a small bar seating area first come first serve, and a small dining room area in the back). The service was impeccable, we were seated promptly, and our server was hilarious.

We orders the nachos and tostones. I am not vegetarian at all but I could not believe the "meat" on the nachos wasn't actually meat. The flavors were incredible, except some of the chips were overly salty. The game changer for this meal was when the server told us we could mix and match tacos -- so of course, being as indecisive as I am, I got two different tacos, the brussels sprouts and the carne. The sweet plantains in the carne were a perfect complement to the savory ropa vieja. The brussels sprouts taco was probably my favorite part of the entire meal, I probably could have eaten 5 right then and there (especially with that crunchy fried avocado on top) 

All in all, a fantastic meal, even for the non-vegetarians/vegans, and lovely dining experience! I would totally come back to try the other items on the menu (or just to eat the brussels sprouts taco over and over again)!
Delicious vegan Mexican food. Easy to make reservation on Opentable. Service is excellent. Outdoor dining area is cozy and honors social distancing.
Had really high hopes for this place. My hubby and I drove from Maryland to eat dinner here for my daughter Birthday.  Let me start by the food was great except the potatoes they were burnt and to spicy for my kids. We reordered and it was still overly burnt. My main complaint is service. Food is good but service does not match it unfortunately. Our waiter was not attentive never even asked us if we wanted another drink which I think would be waiter 101. When we made reservation we put celebrating my daughter birthday. There was nothing done special. Very disappointing. Like I said food was great service left us unsatisfied.
People on Yelp are so shitty. They just opened. Give them time to get it together for chrissake.

Glad to have a new vegan option in Rittenhouse!
The good: the seitan is incredibly meat-like and as a result the tacos were top-notch. margaritas (especially the beet one) are incredible. service is always great, everything served with a smile.

The bad: Unbelievably expensive for what you're getting. I can't imagine paying $11 for two tacos any other place. 

The ugly: don't get the yuca frita, they're basically massive french fries served with a chipotle ranch sauce
I really wanted to love this place but I just couldn't.

After exploring their menu online this place looked great. Sadly it is overpriced and small portions. Plus the food wasn't anything that I would say I had to have again.

PROS:
~The queso dip & mushroom ceviche was delicious!

~They offer outdoor seating during Covid. 

NEG:
~Their "spicy" pickles was a small dish of flavorless pickles.

~I ordered one of their $20 hot chocolates which was supposed to come with marshmallows (which is why I ordered the hot chocolate drink) and they told me they were out after they delivered the drink. Plus its supposed to come with a blanket and they never gave it to me I had to ask for it as we were about to leave.    

~The server was pretty much non existent our whole time there. We had to keep calling them over.  

I would suggest looking at another place such as black bird if you are visiting Philly!
The first time I went here was a Monday night.  It was so crowded, I  decided to go somewhere else. So the next time I went was a Saturday night and I made a  reservation.  This time it was pretty empty. My partner and I  ordered drinks and an appetizer,  as well as entrées. My drink was nothing special. We enjoyed our appetizer, the platanos. But our entrées took so long to arrive! Twice our waiter came over to say it would be right out. Then another employee came over and said the same thing. We just kept waiting, watching people who arrived after us get served. We had a train to catch after our dinner, and by the time our food came out,  we had to just box it up, and run to make our train. So I was really disappointed that it took so long, and they didn't even give us any kind of compensation  (like a round of drinks while we were waiting). Overall, the food was good, but ruined because we couldn't even enjoy it in the restaurant.
I am a HUGE fan of Bar Bombon and had the best time here thanks to the delicious food and strong sips!
You will probably want to make reservations because they seemed to be getting a bit busy when we arrived around 430. Happy hour is from 3 to 6, and it's definitely not something you want to mess. They have a great lineup of appetizer and drink specials, which we have course took advantage of-maybe a little bit too much. We ordered the classic in the salted grapefruit margaritas and let me just say...they were probably some of the best margs I've ever had out at a restaurant (and that's not just the tequila talking!): not too sweet like many are and had a nice amount of alcohol. Just one had me quite tipsy, so I do apologize to any of the waitresses who may have had to listen to me talk on and on about who knows what!
For our meal we split a few different items: the double chorizo burger and then some happy hour appetizer specials-nachos, Philly empanadas, and a Buffalo cauliflower taco.
The food: absolutely incredible. I will also say that the burger may have been one of the best I've ever had as well... It was very juicy and flavorful and the little thin fries that were served alongside or perfectly salted and delicious. The nachos were great and simple, and the buffalo cauliflower taco is a must as well-love the happy hour option to just order one to try!
I cannot recommend this place enough... Be sure to hit them up during happy hour but be prepared for those margs to hit hard (in a good way)!
From the decor to the music I was smitten. I had been eyeballing the Make A Combo item on their menu. 
It's three items for $16.99 Mon-Fri til 3pm. 
It sounded good but I wasn't sure if it would be filling. To my surprise I was stuffed after guacamole Fresca, sweet plantains and buffalo cauliflower tacos. Our server after if we would like desert. My reply, "I did't leave room for any." To sum up my meal in one word. Yum! The server was very attentive without being overbearing. She was very nice and welcoming.
I went for happy hour for the first time last week. I sat on the outside stool that has an open window to the bar which I thought was great, until I went to sit and the stool is very wobbly (I thought it might break off...). The server was nice and they had a good amount of happy hour specials up until 6. I got the guac and the margarita. The margarita was a nice size and served in a fun glass. The guac was just alright and the chips were really thick and not really my type. 

My main complaint was the bartender serving me disappeared when I was ready to order another drink before last call for happy hour. After a while I decided I should just close out and looked longingly out to the other bartenders for help (it wasn't very busy) but no one ever came over even as I held out my credit card for attention. I dont think I'd go back as there just wasn't anything memorable about the experience.
Cute little spot in rittenhouse. Everything on the menu is vegetarian. As far as what I tried:

Buffalo cauliflower tacos - yum
Nachos - nothing special
Chicken Cubano - pretty good, very filling.. tastes like meat weirdly enough
Guac - yum

I wouldn't recommend coming here as your destination for dinner because I just didn't seem to be satisfied. This place is meant to be a small plates situation... come in for happy hour order a few drinks and share 3-4 items on the menu with friends.
Vegan Puerto Rican, alright alright!  My girlfriend and I had this place marked for quite some time and last nights dinner was finally our time!

So the space is incredibly small. The chairs were super uncomfortable. I cant see a larger person being able to sit down. No exaggeration. When the server was at our neighbors table his butt was no lie, in my face. Literally our table of 2 had 3 bootys for a quarter of the evening.

Butt, let's get back to the food. The plantains were solidly the best dish of the night. Yum! I would definitely order again and again!  Then came the rest of our meal, cue Debbie Downer sound.

The hearts of palm ceviche. Unlike the pics I saw on yelp, our order came with very small pieces of palm. The veggies were smothered in what tasted like pure lemon and lime juice.  While it looked beautiful, the acid trumped any potential that dish had.

We shared The Cubano and the al pastor tacos. Going 2 years strong without Pork I was excited for these as Al Pastor is one of my favorites!  Striiiiiiike 2, they were rubbery, and just bland so we barely touched them.  The cubano was pretty good. The bread was delicious! The mustard was a bit strong for me, but my girlfriend loved it.

So while I won't be rushing back to Bar BomBon, I have to say that I love the growth of the Philly vegan scene!
I have been looking forward to eating here for such a long time!! I'm an avid shopper, making frequent trips around that specific corner, and I always spot the restaurant and make a mental note. Anyways, I stopped by for lunch today and sat at the bar. I got the Peruvian crispy potatoes and the yucca fries. Looking back, getting 2 starch based dishes was not a good idea because even after 6 hours, I don't have it in me to eat anything. The potatoes were spectacular - truly fried with a crispy skin and while I know there wasn't a layer of cheese whiz over the top, that's what it reminded me of. Also, the capers at the top were the perfect addition with the perfect acidic kick to balance the starch. 

The yucca fries came a while later, and I can honestly say this is the first place where I have enjoyed the yucca fries. Other times I have tried it, they have been hard and flavorless. At Bar Bombon, the yucca fries came with a dipping sauce that was so marvelous I almost cleaned the entire thing out with my finger. The only sore spot was that I had to wait about 30 minutes for my food while others that came after me were served. That's not cool.
I've been to this location before they announced their grand opening. The moment I walked in I was blown away. You can tell a lot of thought, time and hard work was put into this restaurant.

I sat down with two other people and we began our "game plan" trying to maximize how much of the menu we could try.  All three of us are meat eaters so we very curious as to how these dishes would be executed. 

I absolutely loved the chorizo tacos and the tofu tacos.  Very tasty and the rice and beans were delicious. We also had a bunch of their yummy bites, fish tacos, beef burrito, stewed yuca, rellenos and guac. I truly enjoyed everything we ate!

But the best part of the whole meal was the tres leches cake. I wanted 5 more! The portion sizes were extremely large and the food isn't inexpensive either, but when you use quality ingredients you have to pay a little more! I will not hesitate to go back.
Feel really bad giving this fine Restraunt 2 stars. Food was actually good. Our service was abysmal. Granted we arrived a few minutes before closing... But one should be able to sublimate their frustration and anger in order to delight the customer. Instead great food was served with a pout and our evening was uncomfortable
The server was friendly and had good service. I ordered sweet plantains and nachos with seitan al pastor. The food was just not cooked to perfection. Limp, watery, lack of seasoning. It was filling but the flavors and textures werent there
Even as a non-vegan, I absolutely loved the vegan eats here! The repollitos were some of the best Brussels sprouts I've had, and the "cheese" on the street corn tasted just like real cheese. The happy hour deals are great, and the drinks were summery and delicious as well.
3.5/5
-decent happy hour: $6 wines and sangria with $5 snacks. 
-amazing ambience: I sat at the bar on a breezy sunny day-I felt like I was on vacation the entire time.
-food: so-so. We got the chips and salsa and empanadas. I really didn't enjoy the empanadas and the salsas weren't mind blowing. 
-Drinks: amazing piña colada but the sangria had too much a sweet fake peach flavor in it. 
-service: great!
Bar BomBon was a delight! A friend and I stopped by on a weeknight to grab a drink and catch up. We were able to grab two seats at the bar - the place was full, but not overly crowded on the Wednesday night. 

The drink menu is extensive, with several flavors of margaritas and lots of delicious cocktails to ogle. We ended up chatting with the bartender, who was able to help us customize drinks to our liking - and happy to do so! I had my eyes on the GARDENER'S REVENGE, but don't prefer vodka. I was able to pair the fresh drink with tequila instead. I was obsessed with this drink, and the vegetables help me think it's actually healthy for you. It tasted like a bright carrot and ginger juice! 
My friend had a unique drink created just for her. I can't remember what it was, but I know she really enjoyed it. 

While we weren't there for food, we couldn't resist from ordering something to snack on. The CAULIFLOWER TACOS were so fabulous! The cauliflower was crispy and spicy and paired well with the avocado and other accouterments. Everything made for a perfect bite. 

I will definitely be back to this spot to try more of the food on their enticing menu!
Bar Bombon and V Street are my favorite vegan restaurants in Philly.   

It's a small restaurant, so if your coming on a Friday or Saturday night, it is in your best interest to make a reservation.  They are also on open table, so if you use that, get your points! It has a really trendy vibe and a small bar area.  

Some of my favorite dishes are the Cuban sliders, nachos, and I like to throw on an order of the coconut rice.  If the tres leches is on the dessert menu that night, dont pass it up! It's a bit more dense than traditional tres leches, but absolutely delicious. Like... I would place an order of it to go too just to have some the next day lol. 

We have always had the best service here as well.  Everyone has always been really nice.  The food has always been served within a reasonable time and they are pretty attentive. 

There really isn't a way you can go wrong here, everything is delicious.  Everything is done tapas style, so pick a few items and enjoy!
Visited bar bombon with two friends for a casual dinner and was impressed by the food and ambiance! Loved the interior of the restaurant. It looks like a quaint, tiny bar from the street but opens up to a pretty spacious dining room inside. The service was excellent. We happened to eat during happy hour (we arrived at 6 on a weekday) and I was pleasantly surprised by the wide variety of items on the happy hour food and drink menu. Food was excellent, we particularly enjoyed the chips and guacamole, Brussels sprouts, plantain appetizer, crispy potatoes, and "crab cakes". Only one in our party was vegan and it was so nice to be able to split and enjoy the whole meal together. Will definitely return!
Man this place rocks!!! It's by the same owner who created Hip City Vedge and is literally two doors down from it. The food rocks! It's actually really authentic Spanish food beseeched being just vegan, so I had to try it out!

My friend and I bought a variety of things to sample and charged everything. The prices are a little expensive and start really adding up when you order a lot of things, so it's good to go with a friend. 

I ordered the stewed Yuca and plantains with beef on top. My friend ordered the sweet grilled plantain and the corn pita like sandwich stuffed with tofu inside...I forget what it's called...

Besides the point. The food was so good!!! It takes a while for the food to cook, so make sure you have time! They do take out, which operates slightly faster than their fancy sit-down. I'm used to Hip City Vege, where you're crammed in the corner of the room (due to lack of relax space) and getting messy with your oversized burger that drips sauce down your hands after each bite. This was nice refreshing change up to be able to sit down and enjoy my food with metallic silverware. There is a bar area--which is a little crammed--but the back and outside is spacious. With the portion size and food placement, you could tell they were trying to shoot for the casual to upscale feel Charlie Was A Sinner or VStreet has. Their portion sizes were bigger than those two, but they were smaller than Hip City Vedge's I'd say.

Service was great! People were very nice and excited about the opening of the restaurant. I would deff come here again, but maybe order a little less, because my bill was pretty high at the end of my sampling dinner!
Very much enjoyed my first visit to Bar Bombon, which I took with a group (nice touch that you can make reservations in such an otherwise casual environment). The colors were fresh and inviting and it generally feels very clean, though the open-door-policy (as in all the restaurants in Center City these days) does let in flies.

The Guacamole Picante was good: the chips were homemade and plentiful and randomly assembled. The first basket had typical thin chips, a bit unevenly salted as you'd expect from homemade. The second basket had a mixture of thin chips and plantain chips. And the third basket had the aforementioned chips as well as thicker chips with plenty of air pockets, which felt more like crispy wontons. (Yes, we ate a lot of chips with our guacamole!)

One diner had a burrito, in which he subbed in the "chorizo"--outcome, a very good burrito (looked like a whole wheat tortilla). The rest of the table ordered a variety of tacos, which everyone deemed to be delicious, though, my "beef" tacos didn't really taste like beef. The texture was pretty good, and the flavor was nice (especially the plantain chunks!), but definitely not beef--not a complaint, just an observation. Many enjoyed the black beans (seemed to have chunks of yucca interspersed) and the rice, though the rice was not as seasoned as you'd think, being paired with the rest of the flavor palette.

Will definitely return because the Nacho de Macho and the Enchiladas were removed for the day (chef's tweaking) and two diners had been thinking of ordering those two dishes all morning!
Enjoyed my Thanksgiving Eve meal at Bar Bombon last night.  It's my second trip here. Outdoor seating lines that block of 18th street,  which is currently closed to traffic.  Across the street sits Love, which has tents set up, good option for rain, but on a clear night I felt better about the social distancing, and open air at Bar Bombon, and the heater at every table made it super cozy.  The service is great, down to earth and super friendly.  I've been vegan all year, and this spot has an all vegan menu.  What I love is that the food is inventive and a great mix of comfort food, and healthier options.  We ordered a bunch of dishes to share.  Nachos were so good and rival any conventional nachos I've had anywhere.  The Mexican street corn came out sectioned into smaller pieces and is char broiled perfection with wonderful flavor.  The mushroom ceviche was so inventive, and yummy and I can't wait to replicate it at home.  Then my favorite new crave worthy, Philly Phood item, which I've had twice now, is the Cubano at Bar Bombón! Don't miss it folks, it is heaven on a plate and you will not believe that all of this deliciousness was made without animal products.  We ordered the tres Leche cake and the pastries you won't believe are dairy free, so good!! We weren't able to get drinks last night since liquor sales were on hold last night in PA, but the Caipirinha here is my drink of choice. I can't wait to eat my way through the rest of the menu.  Until next time! Cheers
Yummy vegetarian food with a Caribbean flare. They describe it as a Puerto Rican influence but I've never seen peanut sauce in Puerto Rican food before. Since I went with friends, we ordered a bunch of different things and shared. I thought the guacamole with pineapple was good but my favorites were, the buffalo cauliflower tacos & the meatballs. The sauce for the meatballs was so yummy that it was hard to not lick the dish. I'll definitely return!!
So since my last review they changed the menu back and it is awesome. Get the traditional tacos, pancakes, and the empanadas. You're welcome. I wish I had some pancakes right now....one star off since the drinks still take forever to come and the food doesn't come out very staggered
First time here will definitely not be the last. From soup to nuts, a great dining experience. Sat outside with a group of four in one of the heated chalets. Started with drinks and then shared double orders of seven different menu items: Guacamole, Philly cheesesteaks empanadas, Tostones, Sweet plantains, Buffalo cauliflower tacos, Fajita tacos, and "Traditional" tacos. All of the food is vegan and is so well flavored that meat eaters would be hard pressed to identify and differences. It was the first time for all in our group and all said they would happily return. Staff works in a kind of platoon fashion rather than a dedicated individual so things come out fast and hot. Great overall experience. Loved it!
