There's a new sports bar-Pub-gastro pub in town and guess what, its in Chinatown! Finally I can enjoy a good hamburger, seafood and flatbread pizzas along with some good Asian fusion food. Bar-ly is at the site of the old Tazia restaurant and it has gone under a phenomenal renovations. If you've ever been to Tazia,  you will not even recognize the place.  The space was totally gutted and redecorated with a beer hall theme.  The rehab includes beautiful wood flooring,  high ceilings, a major restroom makeover and Vietnamese style open window dining
Bar-ly Can now accommodate well over 100 people, the bar itself has 35 seats. The ladies really like the fact that there were hooks under the bar for which they could hang their purse,  sweater or jacket. Behind the bar there are 60 beers on tap from around the world! I think that put them in the competition for the most beers on tap in Philly. I started out with the IPA's, Harpoon,  Yards, Goose Head, Flying Fish, Victory Hop Devil,  and finished off with Sarobreadmen from the Czech Republic, and my favorite of the night, Small Craft with the Pirates head adorned on the tap handle. I will try all 60 beers at my own pace.
 I tried to taste as many items on the menu as I could. I started out with a Hamburger because no Pub can't be successful without a good burger. I chose the 50/50 burger which was half beef and half bacon. It was delicious, hot and juicy!
 Next I ordered the Korean Bulgogi cheese steak which is a perfect take on a Philly classic. All of the sandwiches come with fries and toppings of your choice Including many different cheese offerings. And because I will eat anything with kimchi in it, I ordered the kimchi flatbread pizza. I had room for one more selection and I choose the Vietnamese spring rolls. It was so refreshing to get this kind of food in a bar setting.
 The staff is very attractive and very hospitable and the owners are all very gracious.  I was happy that they kept the karaoke room in the back because after all this is Chinatown. Bar-ly has 20 large flat screen TV'S so you can enjoy the sporting events.
 We can now do a pub crawl in Chinatown,  Starting with Tango then going around the corner to Bar-ly,  down to Yakitori Boy and end up at Whiskey a Go-Go. You couldn't of done this 5 years ago.
Needed a quick happy hour spot near Field House, and this amazing gem appeared on my Yelp app. And I thank you for recommending it!

Many affordable food and drink options, and most under $5. Easy on my wallet, not so easy on what to decide. Our table of three decided to get a mix of everything: crab ravioli, spicy tuna roll, salmon roll, duck dumplings, and some spring rolls. Sushi was less than par, but the crab ravioli and dumplings were dee-vine. Delicious, rich morsels of flavor. 

Oh, and how could I forget the beer menu? I hope they keep my favorites on there: La fin du monde, three philosophers, and chimay tripel. I love my Belgians. These beers weren't on special, but go ahead and treat yourself. :)
Used to like this place - now it's more like love! HH early and late - fun staff - fun menu! The value offered is great especially at HH (3:30 - 6:300 and 10:00 til 12:00), but the food and beverage menus offer plenty of bargains throughout the day.  Insider tip - if you want to feel it early start with a Double Dragon  cocktail - and be sure to eat the alcohol-infused pineapple - totally the key to this intense cocktail! (Jalapeño  wings rock too!)
Me and hub's very first experience were pretty lackluster bc of their service, but we've been going back since then for happy hours pre-pandemic. This is our first time visiting Bar-Ly after reopening of all of the restaurants. Our experience this time were extremely superb! 

SHOUT OUT TO ALI! She greeted and seated us the moment we enter the restaurant. We order oysters, cheese steak spring rolls, golden shrimp pouch, lychee martini, and mango madness. When I order the oysters, she ask if tobasco was needed, I never knew they carry tobasco. The food and the drinks were always good. But what made our day was how Ali treated me and hubby. We had such great time that we even ask her of her working days were hahaha...

As of right now, Bar-Ly is CASH ONLY! Happy hours are from 3 to 6 daily.
This Sports bar was okay the service was okay the food was not good. It was happy hour food the menu looked good  but when we order the happy hour wings and fries my husband had to send his back the  bone out chicken back because it was raw. So the barmaid took it back to kitchen and they said that they double fried the chicken and that's why it's was hard. What every I pray that he won't get sick from that chicken. I also had to send my food back because I supposed to have hot wings and fries and they was not hot no sauce and my fries was absolutely cold like they were sitting on the side. The bar was very crowded and the people that was there might have been regulars. They already knew what to order.
 The drink prices was okay but I don't think I'll be going back to this Sports Bar location. If I do I will only have drinks. And eat some where else. Who put wet celery on top of fries. Only reason we stopped in there is because the Restaurant that we was originally going to was closed and this place was dark and dreary. When I past one day that it was a little bright but I'm not for sure because it was light outside and they didn't turn the lights on inside because of the lights on the out side and they also asked my husband did he want something else to eat so he ordered bones in chicken. Wet celery on top of hot fries he was so disgusted he just brought it home and we had two beers and said they was good and cold. The beer was the only thing goog.
Found this place just in time for football season, and it is definitely one of my new favorite spots to catch a game! I'll be honest and admit that I'm not really big into football, but I do love the social aspect and how it brings people together, so this place is perfect for that!

The restaurant is pretty large, with ample seating, a reasonably sized bar, and a ton of TV's, including one massive screen at the front. I've been here a few times now with friends for Eagles games, and we have always gotten a table. I do think we've been pretty lucky though because BarLy is always jam packed.

Happy hour specials are fantastic. For just $3 - $4.50 you can get yourself a nice cold beer. A cocktail or martini will only cost you $4.50! Talk about a steal! The first time I went, I got the red beer sangria (with red sangria, Crispin cider, and fruit) and I have never strayed away. Beer, wine, and a fruity sangria punch - it's genius, I tell you!

Food isn't anything to rave about, but it's decent and cheap! Last time I was there, I got the chicken bites and fries, and had no complaints. 

I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good spot to catch a game. If you do go for a game, expect a large and rowdy crowd - you're in Philly after all, what can you expect!
Fries were cold so I had to ask for fresh ones. The chicken wings weren't warm, but less cold. The crab ravioli was tasty but the portion was too small for it. Salad was below average and not very good. Waiter was attentive at times, but not as good as I would expect. I would not recommend coming here for food. Please pick somewhere else to eat.
Came here on opening day.  Great spot for an American sports bar atmosphere to watch the games, definitely a better alternative than Field House down the block.  However, that's about it.  

Plus: 
Atmosphere  - beautiful wood floors, decor, tables & chairs.  
Service - was greeted immediately upon entrance.  Also our waitress was very very sweet, very attentive, and always checked back on us.  Even for opening day, you would expect the servers to be crazy busy and hectic, but that was not the case.  She was great!
Duck Dumplings - the duck was really tasty inside the dumpling with great flavor, but the mushroom sauce on top was way too salty.  

Minus:
Draft beer selection - this was the biggest let-down of the entire place.  I was so excited for 60 taps, probably the largest in the city next to city tap house in university city.  I was very disappointed..  they had 60 taps of your usual suspects .  Sure, they covered all basis (wheats, IPAs, ales, lagers, stouts), but out of 60 taps, NOTHING was rare, everything you can find in the corner beer store.  Check the beer menu of the photo I uploaded... out of 60 beers, nothing rare for the "gastropub beer snob" like me.  
Glassware - another downfall... for 60 draft beers, I would expect to be served in the proper glassware.  Yes, I know, this is a sports bar and not a gastropub, but if you are promoting 60 taps, you should be aware that you're going to attract some avid beer drinkers.  My Three Philosophers served in an iced beer mug was just plain strange, and almost unacceptable.  Get some tulip glasses, rocks glasses, or hell even a wine glass!
Food Menu - the menu is all over the place. Its an odd mix of American vs. Chinese.  You can get anything from burgers to cheesesteaks to pizza to dumplings to lo mein.  Very odd.  I would recommend finding a niche in one or the other.

Overall, the service was fantastic, and the atmosphere was great.  The huge flat-screen TVs were great to watch sports games.  The food, just OK, and the beer selection sub-par.  I'd come back to party with friends, but I won't come back if I'm looking for a good meal or rare beers.
A Chinatown sportsbar. Philly's weird. And I kind of like it. 

HH options: 5
$ to liquid: 4
Service: 5
Clean: sure
Ambience: drunk bros that like asian food watching football

You're in Chinatown. 

You need to:

A: drink alone
B: drink as cheap as possible 
C: munch on Asian slash American drunk food 
D: hopefully not get roofied 

Bam batch! Look no further.
One of the best happy hours in Philly is in Chinatown at BarLy.  This sports oriented Asian/American pub has happy hour every day of the week from 3:30 - 6:30.  There's a wide choice of drinks and snacks.  My most recent happy hour here was like a mini-feast.  The quail eggs wrapped in bacon are like candy.  The duck dumplings aren't far behind.  I also had the shrimp pouches which were good but I'm not sure just how you eat them  Fried crispy tofu rounded out the happy hour for me.  A Levante Belgian-style Wit beer from West Chester provided the liquid nourishment.  There are more offerings to try out at Happy Hour and other specials late-night or during certain game events but see other Yelp reviews or BarLy's website for those.
If you want a fun sports bar with a large, varied menu, BarLy is the place to go! I have gone a few times and I always enjoy my food and the atmosphere. In the sports bar they have many flat screen tvs, to ensure everyone is able to watch all of the sports events going on at that time. When sporting events are going on (e.g., March maddness, NFL games) there are always drink and food specials. Additionally the service is always good and the servers are personable. 

I typically order the avocado white flatbread and it is seriously delicious. My boyfriend loves their spicy chicken sandwich, regular cheese pizza, and their wings! I have tried a variety of other options from their menu and I have never ordered something I didn't enjoy. 

Overall, BarLy is a fun place to go to grab a few drinks, eat, and watch sports! I definitely will be going back and recommend trying it!
Great place to watch a game. Not as great if you have anything else on your agenda. 

TVs are everywhere and they get every single channel, so you're guaranteed to catch any event your heart desires - from football to cricket to the international crocheting championship. They have a lot of beer available (60 taps!), though for having so many taps, the actual selection could be better. Food is interestingly mediocre at best (the Asian fusion stuff), and blandly forgettable at worst (the typical bar food). Nothing on the menu I would particularly recommend, this is just fare that you absentmindedly consume during commercial breaks anyway. There is happy hour every day, specials for big sports nights, and frequently a late night happy hour.

This isn't your scene if you're trying to play the role of a foodie or a beer snob. But if you're looking for a nice space to yell in unison and slap palms with other sports fans, Bar Ly is a fun time! 

(then walk ten steps in any direction for much tastier food)
FINALLY! A restaurant in Chinatown that has more of a theme than red dragons and fried rice! Although, this newly renovated and renamed restaurant (from the previous Tazia to now Bar-Ly) does serve fried rice, you'll never guess what else they serve. 

Beer.

Lots and lots of beer...

SIXTY beers to be exact! And the best part? They're all on tap! This place is like that self-serve frozen yogurt wall but you'll have bartenders/servers (dressed in their restaurant named team football jerseys) to serve it for you. Don't believe me? The next time you decide to take a stroll in Chinatown or are finding somewhere to eat an drink, walk yourself into Bar-Ly on 11th and Arch and take a glance at their bar wall. You'll believe me when I tell you, it's like a gift from  Buddha himself.

HOWEVER -- if you aren't fond of loud atmospheres (considering it's a SPORTS BAR), dim lighting or the Eagles, you'll need to stay away from this place, especially on nights where the Philadelphia Eagles are playing. And besides, the owner and his massive amount of friends, likes to break out in their victory song after each touchdown. -- Other than that! Check this place out! Their food is good, the atmosphere is super chill and not to mention, they have TWO happy hour times ( 330p-630p and 10p-12a ). Best sports bar in Chinatown. Lols...
Scenario: Thursday night with bar at about 30% capacity with four bartenders. 

What occurred: After sitting for about 10 minutes with all four bartenders passing us multiple times we decided to leave. After we stood to leave two of the bar tenders decided to watch us walk out the door with the, "oh man I should have gave them menus or said hi" look. 

My question: Why was I left to stare at all the wonderful beer? Why wasn't I allowed to order? It's a question only the stars and the almighty can answer 

My review: BarLy has been a go-to bar for me. Ever since their opening post renovation, the establishment has been providing mediocre service. Cheap late night happy hour, good beer selection, great amount of tvs, ok food, awful service.
Always a pleasure coming here. It's the only place I can find this cheap, without losing quantity and quality. I love the bartenders. I had an Old Fashioned, which was eh, meh.. not my favorite but to each their own.
I'm familiar with the previous entities at this location, and after hearing it was being remade into a bar with 60 beers on tap, I was excited to check it out on its opening day.

The good; This place has happy hour on weekends. That's pretty clutch. Not many places in the have this. Happy hour prices are very reasonable too - and include some small food dishes.

It does have 60 beers on tap, but nothing too wild. Prices on the beer is priced well for the most part. There are some beers that are usually more expensive other places, that are cheaper here - but other generic beers that are usually cheaper elsewhere (A pint of Miller Light, or Yuengling really shouldn't be 5$ in my opinion.) 

The waitstaff was incredibly friendly and attentive.

I'm digging the way they redid the place with all the wood. It looks nice! Lots of TVs to watch sports on. It seems this place is geared to being a sports bar, not a fancy beer place as one might have assumed by the name and the amount of beers on tap.



The not so good; The food was only so-so. The menu seems to be a mix of Asian and American dishes - similar to the previous places here. I will say, its kinda nice going to a sports bar with other choices then just fried whatevers and nachos.  

The kitchen. Maybe it was because they're still getting their stuff in order, but after 30 minutes of not getting my Spicy Tuna Roll, I told them to just forget about it. The table next to us had issues too.



In short. Would I come here for dinner? Nah. 
Would I come here for happy hour? Maybe...Why not. I live down the street and is very convenient. 
Would I come here to watch a game with friends? Yup.

Im sure ill be trying it again. Hopefully some of the kinks will be worked out by then.
Looking for one last stop near our hotel, we came into BarLy. And it did its job. 

Place isn't anything special, but if you're looking to just get a drink, it'll do the job. The beer selection didn't rock my world, but they did have one seasonal beer I was excited to see on the menu. 

It's an alright spot, but don't expect any magic here.
Me and hubby pick Bar-Ly as our date spot because my brother were raving about it. Upon entry, the hostess greeted us and quickly informed us about dinning option bc of the Superbowl. On the day of Superbowl, Bar-Ly requires each person spending at least $35. I already know I was gonna spend over that, so it was fine with me. 

We started our date with Blue Hawaiian and pineapletini. Both were so good bc of the sweetness. We loves sweet drinks. Then we ordered Duck buns, Steak quesadilla, cheese fries, raw oysters, steamed clams, duck dumplings, cheesesteak spring rolls and quail eggs wrapped with bacon. We enjoyed everything except the duck buns. I didn't like how the duck buns taste. I absolutely loved the raw oysters, it was so good that I order a second plate. 

Unfortunately SERVICE sucks big time. Like when we ask for Sprite, it took them closed to 20 minutes to get it. When we ask for change($10) the guy wanna act clueless. I don't know if he is a waiter or a busboy, but if you don't understand something, go get our waiter, instead of you nodding your head at our requests. Service sucks but I left 20% tip, which i strongly believe i shouldn't have.
Bar Ly is growing on me.  I waited until after a few visits to review it and it's a solid 4 for me.

If you're looking for a sports bar with great service, this one will not disappoint.  They have lots of beer and decently curated at that.  They have food that blends bar style with various types of asian street food.  It makes for a fun combination in my opinion.

They have many TVs so there will always be a spot for you to catch your game.  Be warned, this place can get very packed for popular games so plan appropriately.

On the late nights that I have stopped in here I was able to easily get a seat and a drink.

I think this is a good spot and I know I'll be back for more.
Went to watch game 7 of the World Series and they have lots of TVs, really good food and a great variety of food (better than I expected down a sport bar).  Ordered edamame, calamari, arugula salad and mushroom pizza.  Everything was great but the marinara sauce on the pizza was too spicy for me so they remade the pizza for me. 
Late night menu prices are an added bonus
this update is the result of their quizzo. i added a star because we did embarrassingly poorly and they were gracious enough not to openly mock us. the boy named us Team Rocket, then drew a rocket next to our team name, then wrote "blasting off at the speed of light!" it was a joke; we understand basic science. unfortunately i think we came in dead last, so the moderator likely has every reason to believe that doodle was in earnest. 


this leads me to a relevant warning about the cocktail Double Dragon. the boy thought Tony Abbott was from Lebanon after one of these. I tried it myself during another visit, for science. The pineapple garnish lives in a pitcher of viciously strong alcohol. the bartender who served me said: "it will wake you up", and then suggested that i chase the pineapple with the drink which also seems to contain something like 5 different liquors. so, you know, you will not recognize your world leaders after one of these. 


one day i will return to bar-ly to vanquish quizzo, or so i like to think. in the mean time my only other advice remain the same: steer clear of raw foods (sushi especially), everything else seem to be competent, Double Dragons are deadly, the end.
Pretty good bar by virtue of its location; convenient to RTM (although Molly Malloy's there is fun too) as well as to Convention Center and Marriott. Pretty high quality selection of beers (has 50+, which is a lot), mostly from well known craft breweries. Drink prices are reasonable too even when not on happy hour, and happy hour prices are great. Food is pan-Asian bar food, and probably "good enough", even if nothing super. Go more for the drinks and good time than for the food.

Recommended Items:
Shanghai Wings (10 for $8.95; 20 for $16.95); Pad Thai ($9.95 for veggie; $10.95 for chicken or beef; $11.95 for shrimp or crab), Duck Dumplings ($6.95), Crab Ravioli ($6.95), Little Neck Claims ($8.95), Banh Mi ($5.95), Bulgogi Sandwich ($7.95)

Spring rolls are good too, as are calamari.
Their happy hour is the happiest part of my night when I'm in that area. The food specials are out of this world cheap. Their Steak skewers are amazing. Don't do the chicken skewers, we found them to be too dry. I really liked their calamari with the spicy sauce and the wings were great. Drinks are super cheap from 10pm to close. I know they have a happy hour earlier in the day but I'm not sure of times. I recommend sitting at the bar, service is faster there. I had to hunt down our server the first night we went.
Back when the location was Tazia (http://www.yelp.com/biz/tazia-restaurant-philadelphia) I thought it was perfect as an off Asian sports bar with solid drink specials and a late night happy hour. But at the same time I also felt that  their were a few key flaws in execution that prevented it from being a winner. While Bar Ly just falls short on some of things as well, it does offer some serious upgrades that makes it worth visiting during either their exceptional Happy Hour or the day of a big game.

One of the things that didn't sell me on Tazia was its lack of an interesting drink menu. But Bar Ly significantly improved upon that by bringing in 40 taps that ranges from basics like Yuengling & Blue Moon to Heavy Hitters from Ommegang and Stones, and upping the ante with a pretty impressive signature martini list. The fact that a few of these are put up on the special Happy Hour menu that happens 7 days a week for a regular and occasional late night option is pretty awesome. It also helps that their made by some pretty impressive bartenders (including a Trocadero veteran).

The Tazia menu was fairly uninspiring Americanized Asian fare with a few basic bar food options like chicken wings. While the Bar Ly menu doesn't stray too far from from that path, offerings like the chicken gizzards or bacon wrapped quail eggs skewers, and banh mi are pretty inspiring. But things like their sushi and duck dumplings left much to be desired.

The creepy randomness of the bathrooms being in a bizarre hallway that's completely separate from the bar is weird. but other than that and the few aforementioned fronts, Bar Ly is a pretty solid bar overall, and perhaps the Philly best in the sports bar category.
Bar ly has become my go to bar for sports and late night drinks! Unfortunately it is currently cash only which is a bummer because I would definitely spend so much more if it was not cash only. 

The range of food is wide and the items don't miss! The burger is banging and the pad Thai is banging. This place does not miss!
Went to happy hour last night and had a great time! We got great service from our server Big Joe who was attentive, hysterical, and super friendly.  You can't beat the drink prices here.  The place has a good atmosphere with a wall of TV's, huge bar, and good music.  The food won't blow your mind but for the happy hour price its worth it.  We got 2 orders of nachos and the chips were crispy but there wasn't that much cheese.  Overall great service, prices, & atmosphere.  Will for sure be back for happy hour!
I guess it's safe to say that Bar Ly is the first true Sports Bar in Philly Chinatown. I went there with some friends on a Monday Night which happens to be the same night the Eagles were playing. The Bar was packed and the vibe/atmosphere of the place felt like a real sports bar. The food, however, is not all that great but okay. We ordered the Mussels and Clams. One in a thai sauce and the other in a red tomato garlic sauce. The sauce was good, the problem was in the food quality. The clams and mussels were so small....... Wait let me speak the truth, they were so Tiny, that when it entered my mouth, i couldn't even tell what it was until I had to remind myself which one I picked up last. The Shanghai wings are a No No please don't order it if your Asian cause all I tasted was salty soy sauce. The BarLy Grassfed burger was alright, nothing spectacular to write home about. I think this place still has a lot of room for improvement on the food and I will be back to try others on the menu.
Bar Ly has 40 taps- none of which are that special. They have a wide offering of Asian and American food- none of which are exemplarily in their category. 

Don't get me wrong, there are GOOD beer options. I'm not going to go beer snob on an old favorite like the Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA. However, that's a pretty common brew. The Lo Mein isn't bad, but there are other places in Chinatown that have an edge. 

It is a great place to watch Sunday football. There are many TVs showing the different games. Sunday football is best watching with a group, so it's good for a group too. That's what'll keep me going back. 

They also have daily happy hour specials. Although the food and drink aren't the best ever, the price is right and it's not a bad option for game-watching consumption.

Go Birds!
Genius.

A Dim Sum Sports Bar in Chinatown!

Who'd a thunk that a hybrid Asian oriented kitchen with a beer dominated sports bar would work?  I hadn't, but I am sure glad the guiding hands behind Bar-ly did.  This is a fun and original spot, and likely a theme that will be duplicated around the country. 

A greatly enhanced environment after the former tenants, a 60 label beer menu, and enough wide screens to allow everyone their own view.  The food is decent, with choices from spring rolls to kimchee cheesesteaks, with Japanese, Korean Chinese, Vietnamese and American influences throughout the offerings.  I had the boiled dumplings and a burger. Both were good, but not best in breed. Checking on the other plates exiting the kitchen, everything looked attractive, and the patrons seemed to enjoy the victuals. 

If I was strictly interested in a good meal, I might chose a different restaurant that was more sedate and allowed for whispered conversation.  However, if the idea is a fun and fluid afternoon of football with above average bar food, or a Thursday night of Flyers, Sixers, or Phillies, with friends and compatriots, this place is definitely on the short list of cool places to hang out and get loud.  

Kudos to Bar-ly. They have created a unique environment that acknowledges and celebrates the cross fertilization of two amazing cultures.  Go for a visit and take it in. 

Good times for all.
Not much has changed here besides the name. I could literally probably copy and paste my review for Tazia here and everything would still resonate as true.

I personally come here for Happy Hour and I enjoy it. Servers are attentive but not smothering, food comes fairly quickly and the drinks are typically on point for the price. I've only ever sent back a drink once and a replacement was brought out with no issues. 

The happy hour menu food is mostly finger bites and nothing to really take seriously but you can fill out up on various items. The sushi here is laughable for this location to be in Chinatown I'd say save those few bucks and spend a few more for a quality roll elsewhere. If you're not here for happy hour I'd skip anything that is on the regular menu - it's just not worth the price. I recommend the Beer (-garita, -jito, -gria) drinks. Seriously they're great. Try one.

One major difference is the sports bar theme and I like the various array of tv's although I would've liked for them to have a large central one on a wall that's like ridiculously big for games. I always feel like I can stay home to watch a game on a 40 inch. 

Regardless of its limitations Tazia (oops! - Bar-ly) is a pretty chill spot to hang not only for games but if you're looking for a cheap/reasonably priced place to meet up with friends. I will continue to return here because I'm all about cheap and tasty dranks!!!! Thank you for following in the footsteps of your prior establishment by offering 2 happy hours as well. Now I don't have to choose I can sleep through the day and still make the late- night special. Awesome!
Bar-Ly the new, improved, and renovated Tazia. They definitely needed the improvement. Since opening day I've visited Bar-Ly twice. Both trip being a great trip. Not to mention the staffs are super friendly one of them being the bartender, Howard. He was very friendly and knowledgeable when it came to the drinks. 

I am loving their large variety of beers and the fact that they have more than one type of hard cider(hard cider fan here). 

The food was a 50/50 for me. Specifically the california roll which is made with real crab meat. It was simply bland, I don't know whether the rice was under season or there just wasn't enough texture in the sushi. There was maybe a small piece of avocado in it but it needed cucumber to balance the texture. The sriracha wings were delicious, nice and crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. It packed a lot of flavor. The banh mi was pretty good but it is a bit over priced. The vegetable spring roll was bland and a bit on the soggy side when it was served to me and that is a huge no no because I am a spring roll fanatic and I love it packed with flavor and crispy. The duck dumplings was delicious as usual. My boyfriend did enjoy the 50/50 burger, I did not get to taste it myself so I cannot comment on that. But overall the trips were enjoyable, I do look forward to my next trip.
The Tilapia Fish Burger is absolutely terrible. I gagged several times attempting to eat it. The table service is extremely slow.

However, if you sit at the bar, you get better service. The Bar Ly burger is actually not bad.
I like the concept - chinese food and good beer are two of my favorite things in life and what could be better idea than to have both in the same place?    

HOWEVER, the service sucks a giant egg roll.    Ate here on a slow, rainy Tuesday.  The place was no more than 1/4 of the way full.  It was a slow night.  After waiting about 15-20 minutes to order, I finally got up and ordered my food at the hostess stand.  wtf.   I had heard service was pretty abysmal and the reviews on here seem to support that, but I had hoped that since this place has been open for a bit now, that service had improved.

Go if you have more patience than I do.  The food we ordered was pretty good and came out fast - thai curry mussels, wasabi shumai, beef udon noodles, and duck dumplings.   But after it arrived, we never saw the waitress again.  In fact, I'm not even sure we had a waitress or a waiter.
I want to like this place. I really do. It's right down the street from my place, and it looks so nice inside, but I just can't. It's always something in here. This most recent visit for happy hour and to watch the world cup, I had the joy of a drink broken and spilled all over me by the bartender. Ok. Stuff like that happens. I get it. He was apoplectic. In any other instance that's happened, I've been at least comped a drink. Here? Nothing. Just a pair of wet shorts to walk around in the rest of the night. After complaining, and a confused look from the manager, I was given a minor discount off the bill.  Thanks for the great customer service. (Sarcasm) 

With all the other places in the area, go somewhere that makes decent food, has decent beer, and cares about their customers.
Ok Bar-Ly you are officially on my top happy hour spots to go to in Philly. So many awesome specials to pick from I wanted to order the entire menu, but my stomach got full pretty fast. They have around $3-4 wine, beer and cocktails (that's right I said cocktails!). So I ended up getting the house wine and to my surprise that included Riesling, which is my favorite wine so that's an automatic extra star on my review. After that we ordered the edamame which were delicious. They had lots of other small tapas as a special so you can easily have a meal out of appetizers if that is what you're into. We sat at the bar and the bartenders were very nice and welcoming. This place is great if you want a quick, laid back happy hour that won't break the bank.
This place is garbage. If you're trying to just drink and watch sports, the bar might make manageable. But, it's so f'ing loud, the service is 3/10 at absolute best, and depending on the day you're there it's a whole lot of favoritism. 

We were lucky enough to be seated near a bunch of young 20 somethings who appeared to know a manager - that naturally lead to them getting about 20 plates of food before I could get a plate of fried rice. Yeah, fried rice. This fried rice we ordered before the kickoff of a football game, I got it with One of our small plates was forgotten as well. 

They ran out of cups too so it was nice drinking out of styrofoam as if we were at one of the local hospitals. 

Edit: literally in the midst of typing this, an entire cup of something white and disgusting was dropped, spilled all over me and the nearby table. I've now walked out.
Kudos to the person who thought of the bar's name and that is all the credit I'll give to this bar. It's an average bar, with a non traditional beer and drink selection. Can't say the atmosphere nor the food is anything special or worth while to go. At an event last night, I saw someone order a chicken Cheesesteak and it looked hella dry. It did not wow me so much this time nor the few other times I have gone. It was not by my choice; it was the decision based on the group.

It is an ok spot. The prices are fair / average so you won't break the bank. The overall package is not anything exciting besides a typical sports bar with a few TV screens. I must say going to the washroom was odd since the door knob was missing. Had to make it work so I just grabbed what was left and turned it hard. The service was nice even with a large group. Not gonna knock the employees. Eh, don't think I'll choose to come back here.
Bar-Ly has surprisingly great food to supplement a fun and casual environment for anyone around the area. We stopped by with a group of friends and were pleasantly surprised by quick service and extensive food options for dinner. I went with the white mushroom pizza with a side of fries, and both were spot on! Any bar that has pizza with white sauce is a win in my eyes, but even their fries had a great crisp that is slightly reminiscent of the crispy Burger King fries (BK-lovers you know what I'm talking about)! A large selection for drinks and some fun seasonal mixed drinks as well. Don't dismiss this fun local next time you're looking for a late night place.
Happy hour patrons, rejoice - you have found yourselves a winner.

Drinks specials. Food specials. Friendly bartenders. A nice vibe, not too crowded, not too loud at 6:30pm on a Monday. Great location. Long bar to sidle up to, or crowd around with a group. Plenty of tables and space.

I tried a couple of beers - nice IPAs on special for $3 or $4. My favorite were the skewers - I tried pork, beef, chicken and quail eggs wrapped in bacon - each was $1.25 for what amounts to a nice pre-dinner snack...or enough, together to be dinner! 

Come, eat, drink, be kind to your wallet. Have some quail eggs. Enjoy!
Cute place. Went there late for some drinks and food. I had the cheesesteak rolls. Very good. 

I can't say that there was much going on or that there was something that made it stand out. Just nice people. Chill mood. I enjoyed my time there.
Want to watch a game on a bajillion screens at the same time? Bar-Ly is your place! I have been going to Bar-Ly for years. It has changed a lot since I started going but most of the best parts have remained the same.

The bar has a massive, and I mean MASSIVE beer selection. They have taps for different kinds of beer going from one side of the bar to the other. During the games there is usually a lively crowd of all ages 21+ and the customers are often chatty. The food is pretty good too. You can get relatively inexpensive sushi rolls and saki. Other bar food may be more expensive. The nachos grandes used to be the best thing on the planet but they have changed it up and they aren't quite as good.

The staff is always really friendly. They are super quick on the draw for when I need more water which I love. There seems to be high turnover with wait staff but maybe I have just been going there for so long. Anyway, I really like it there for a rowdy sports game. It is definitely a center city favorite in its class.
Best happy hour ever! Yummy food, especially the Vietnamese hoagie and mushrooms dumplings! My wine flight was awesome and the service was top notch to the point where the place we met friends for dinner after paled in comparison and made me long for BarLy again. I'll definitely be back with all my friends! Thanks for an awesome time BarLy!
Amazing spot for happy hour! Very big and clean inside with a huge beer selection. Perfect spot to watch a game. The imported beers on happy hour are the same price as domestic. For food, we ordered the spicy tuna sushi, crispy shrimp golden pouches and crab ravioli dumplings. Everything was so amazing! My bf was obsessed with the shrimp golden pouches!
Food is sub par at best and the service definitely needs ALOT of work. Got to witness the manager screaming viciously at a customer about a wrong order, HIGHLY unprofessional. 
Won't be coming here any time soon.
I visited this bar the last 3 nights in a row! Delicious sandwiches and fun drinks. I enjoy the Drunken Pineapple drink - the pineapple piece is soaked in booze! Decent prices and fantastic staff!!
BarLy was recommended to me by a friend and he was right! Happy Hour Deals were very good! They were an asian fusion sports bar in chinatown so its a convenient walk from the touristy attractions like the liberty bell but even if you took an uber its super cheap! My boyrfeind and I were visiting philly and when going somewhere for HH we kept coming back to BarLy because the deals were awesome! Each drink was maybe around $4-5 :) 

The atmosphere is really interesting but the waiters ad waitresses are friendly and very attentive. Its a casual sports bar but not super loud and as a female who doesn't usually go to sports bars I was actually not uncomfortable at all because there were all sorts of people there! 

if you are looking for  good time and a good HH spot with cheap drinks and food I would definitely recommend you to go check it out !
I've been here twice and it's awesome. 

The Tofu bun appetizer is the best thing I've had there. 
So I can't remember what I had the first time. I remember it being pretty good but didn't blow me away. 
This time however... I got the tofu Bah Mi and it was one of the best I've had. I don't think it was like the others I've had. It wasn't spicy at all and it had avocado on it. Most of them I have to pull some of the peppers off so I don't die. This one was puuurfect for someone who can't take the heat like me. For $1 I added fries which was totally unnecessary. The sandwich was plenty. 

I got a Vietnamese coffee and it was one of the best I've had. Most times they are so sweet there's a good chance they don't have any coffee at all. And I'm even someone who likes sweet coffee. I only drink cold brew black. So it will be too sweet for people who like La Colombe Or reanimator and not sweet enough for the Dunkins. 

My wife got a fish sandwich. I tried it and it was nothing to write home about. Not that it was bad, it just didn't have any flair to set it apart. You had to douse it in sauce. 

I'll be back.
I came here on a Tuesday night during their daily happy hour (3:30-6:30pm). I don't know if they're usually empty during this time or it was because it was raining the day I came, but there were only a couple people inside.

Pros:
- Our waitress was amazing. She was attentive without being overbearing.
- The food came out really fast too! 
- Drink prices were relatively cheap. I got a margarita and a cocktail for $4.50 each. 
- There are large screen tvs everywhere- so definitely great for watching games.

Cons:
So why 3 stars? The food was okay at best. And even though yes they were cheap, the portions were SO TINY. We tried a lot of things but my least favorite had to be the shrimp tempura roll (you get 4 TINY pieces and it was not appetizing) and the calamari (I don't even know if there was actual calamari in this, it seemed like it was just fried batter?). We also tried the pork, fish ball, and bacon wrapped quail eggs skewers, which all actually tasted really good! So if I were to order food here again, I would stick to the skewers.

So overall, if I were to come again during happy hour, Id probably stick to the drinks and skewers.
A great new sports bar in Chinatown to get your NFL fix. The food is surprisingly good and the staff is really friendly. The menu has various Asian dishes (it is in Chinatown after all) and some American classics (french fries, burgers, etc...). Also, this is a sports bar, so don't bring your beer snobbishness here, they have a good variety.

Food highlights
Sriracha Wings - Tasty, crunchy, and super delicious. A must-try! The wings weren't spicy as I thought. They had a small kick to them (maybe too small for some) and I ate all the wings my little tummy could handle.
Banh Mi - Overpriced at around $6-ish, but still very yummy. They use different types of meat slices in the bun and the sauce (whatever it is) is frickin good.
Avocado Citrus Salad - A good option if you want to avoid eating unhealthy. I added grilled shrimp and thought this was a decent salad for a sports bar. The grilled shrimped was cooked perfectly and the greens were fresh. The grapefruit didn't really complement the salad, so I ate it separately. 
Pad Thai - Don't expect to have the best pad thai here, but if you're craving noodles + thai then you can't go wrong with the pad thai. I thought it was good.

Crowd/the Scene
I've been here twice already and this is what I've seen. My first visit was for an Eagles game (a bit crazy, which I'm okay with that), the second was for a Patriots game. It was a mix of Asian and Caucasian with a handful of African Americans. Age range was from mid-20s to early/mid-30s and a few outliers. It was definitely loud during the Eagles game (chanting/singing), but not annoying. The Patriots game was more subdued, less people and singing, something you would expect on a Thursday night. Overall, Bar Ly is a great place to watch a game and enjoy your food while rooting for your favorite team. The owner was there on both days greeting people, and helping clear plates off tables. What a nice guy! It's a good crowd of people, young professionals on weekdays, and sports fans.
Calamari salad was great. Wings were delicious - we got salt and pepper with a bunch of the sauces on the side. DOUBLE DRAGON will end you. Eat the fruit on top after... it's soaked in alcohol  would've been 5 stars but my friends ordered the salmon and tilapia and they came out wayyyy after our dishes. the waiter kept saying the chefs were cooking their dishes, but how long does it take to cook fish? Not 45 mins
I was lead here due to talks about their Happy Hour specials.

Beer Flights for $5, Wine flights for $5?
Sold.

They have a huge beer selection! OH,MY!
My recommendations are, "Wells Banana Bread" beer,
                                         "Omegang 3 philosophers" beer

The only appetizers I have tried were the salmon roll, Calamari, and Crab Ravioli. 
The sushi was a no for me(but I'm picky with sushi). The Crab Ravioli was A++ . Calamari with sweet chile sauce was a no for me. (Again, good calamari can be hard to achieve)

Great crafts, relax atmosphere, down to earth staffs.

See you guys at Happy Hour!
It has a pretty cheap happy hour but the food leaves much to be desired. Also, their switch from fresh jalapeños to pickled jalapeños is more than upsetting. Stick to the pizza if you come here, it's the only thing I've tried that's worth while.
Good drink selection but the beer is mostly flat. I have been here twice and both times the beer has been flat. They have been real nice and have changed the beer but every time I ordered another bottled beer. Good for a bar for china town but save some money and go to the city.
I decided to grab dinner+drinks before going to see a concert at the Troc. I stumbled across this place and was lured in the the multiple drafts that they had on tap. 

For a Saturday night, it wasn't too bad getting a table and the wait staff were very service oriented.  It was certainly interesting being able to order craft beers and also have Chinese food. I actually tried bacon wrapped quail eggs and after some egging on from buddy...Fish Balls, which weren't bad.

It is in an interesting spot and will be neat to see how a sports bar does in Chinatown.
Came in on a Monday night around 10 PM to catch the 9 PM - 12 AM late happy hour deals. 

Overall, there's a large selection of small snack dishes as well as great happy hour drink varieties. I can definitely see why it's a go-to type of place for a lot of people. 

Prices are very fair, portion sizes are pretty generous, and the environment is spacious, friendly and positive. There's a huge TV screen of panels on one side along with several other smaller TVs along the walls -- great for games. 

The quality and taste of food is pretty average, but I can't complain. Workers here are friendly and attentive. They card immediately upon entrance.

The service was fast and friendly too. I'll definitely be back!
I would really give this place a 1.5 star if I could. My girlfriend and I are out-of-towners and was recommended Bar Ly by the hotel we are staying at. First and foremost, we are both former servers and always give restaurants the benefit of the doubt. Long story short, this was not a very good experience....not by a long shot. The food was okay (when correct - see below), so if you are desperate, this isn't the worst place to go. Here is a short list of things that did not go very well:
    - We sat at the bar and did not get acknowledged for 15 minutes (even though the male bartender was standing right in front of us flirting with the girls next to us). He seemed like he was giving them great service by keeping their drinks flowing and helped them get a table about 10 minutes into when we got there, but didn't even look at us.
    -  We were finally helped by the female bartender after the wait. The female bartender was very nice, but seemed swamped as she was most likely covering for the male bartender. This probably led to the rest of our terrible service.
    - My girlfriend ordered the chicken pad Thai. When the food arrived, it was a mixture of mostly shrimp (maybe crab?), a lot of tofu and little shreds of what we are hoping was chicken. The bartenders could not be flagged down, so she decided to keep eating it since we were starving. We were then charged for the more expensive Pad Thai (the female bartender was great about this and adjusted the check immediately).  
    - The Pad Thai was a large portion so she wanted to take the rest back to the hotel with us. The bus boy took her plate and brought the box back. However, when we opened it, it was very apparent that half, if not more, of what was left was not there. We are assuming he started to throw it away, realized his mistake and boxed the rest....we hope.
    - The news was on the 2 TVs in front of us when there were sports games on (both college football, which was a big reason we came here, and baseball)...THIS IS A SPORTS BAR. When asked if they could change one of the TVs, the look of terror came across the bartenders face and politely said that it was super crowded and would try and get to it as soon as possible. Very understandable, which is why I asked way before game time if the station could be changed. It never was.

Overall, the ambiance is pretty cool and the food is not too bad; however, if the service matched everything else, this place would probably be a place I would always come to when in town.
Had a great time at BarLy, the menu has a variety of Asian fusion options and the service was great! 

I went with a group of people for karaoke and I was happy when they took individual cards for separate checks. This made things easier for everyone and there was none of that awkward bill splitting at the end. 

Our server was thorough and quick. Everything came out in a timely fashion. We had quite a large group and only one server but the experience was impeccable! 

I would definitely recommend the oysters and bacon wrapped quail eggs :) 

My only complaint is their karaoke machine is not very up to date. There were a lot of very old popular songs and very new popular songs that they did not have.
My friends and I are regulars here, so I can't believe I haven't already written a review for Barly. It's a convenient place to come after work, and they have really good happy hour specials. I'm a fan of their lycheetinis and rotating craft beers. The martinis may not be the strongest, but for $4, I'm not complaining. They also have a bunch of food specials. The calamari is decent, and so are the crab ravioli. I haven't tried much else because I usually just come for drinks, but my friends are always happy with the food. Especially the bacon wrapped quail eggs - one of my friends raves about those.

I recently came for Quizzo on a Tuesday night. It starts at 7:30, and it was a lot of fun. My team and I came in 3rd place, so we got $10 off our bill...yes! First prize is $40.
Came here to watch a football game on Thursday night and left thinking that I will definitely be coming back Sunday afternoon for the late football games. Walking into the place there is a feeling of excitement not only because there are TV's everywhere (really good TV's btw) but also because there is such an exciting vibe in the bar itself. Comparing it to other Sports bars in the city (Field House, Fox and hound) Bar-ly is not as dull and feels really bright and energetic. If you normally go to Fox or Fieldhouse to watch the games try Bar-ly and let me know how on-point I am with my assessment. 

Lets Talk Booze. 
A vast variety of beers for relatively good prices they also have interesting cock-tails for all cock-tail drinkers out there. I was drinking Sierra Nevada's for 5 bucks, I thought that was a pretty good deal. 

Lets Talk Food.
I ordered their 50/50 burger and was pretty much blown away. Imagine eating a burger with all the juiciness tasting like bacon. Yes thats how the burger tastes. Its amazing, you should try it immediately. I also ordered the calimari; decent but a little salty. 

Lets Talk Specials. 
Happy Hour 3:30-6:30 with really good drink specials and food specials. Beers are between 3.25 -3.75 food is about the same. The best part about this happy hour is.... its all week long. So guess where I'm watching the games on Sunday afternoons? 

They also have a 10-12 Happy hour every day (except for Fri & Sat). I was pleasantly surpised when they announced it yesterday. 

This place is good I will be coming back often.
Went in late night and sat at the bar. Helped right away. Strayed from my comfort zone and got the stoli lemon drop martini per the bartender's recommendation ... Loved it. Didn't try the food as the whole Asian-fusion thing doesn't do it for me. Thought the play on words name was pretty clever though. I'd journey there again.
The happy hour food was a disaster but I give them 2 stars because they have HAPPY HOUR on Saturdays. I may go again for drinks only.

Chicken Curry - sweet and wierd. Not spicy at all

Shimp tempura sushi- The rice was old and kind of hard

The skewers are OK but they are way better at Yakitori Boy

French fries- How can French fries be bad? Well at Bar-ly, they managed! French fries from the bag, undercooked and without salt!

Now the drinks: 

Beer: warm? They probably thought it's like sake, that you can drink it cold or warm. 

Sake: You better order it warm (not very good quality but it gets you drunk, so good enough)

Lychee cocktail: The highlight of the afternoon. It was good and with a good amount of alcohol. I wish they were bigger! They are served in a very small glass.

I noticed the wine was cheap. I may come back for happy hour on Saturday again because it's the only place around but I'm staying away from their food!
Decent place to grab a bite and some drinks while watching the game. There are TV's everywhere you look so that's a plus. The happy hour menu is also decent. The menu ranges from bar snacks to sushi. 

Service is hit or miss. I've been twice and the first time service was not good. The second time however we had a much better server. 

Give this place a try.
My niece brought me to this little gem of a sports bar in China town. I was pleasantly surprised. We went for happy hour. We sat at the bar. The drinks were delicious fresh & fruity. The appetizers were also scrumptious. I had the clams and calamari. The clams were so fresh and good that I ordered another dozen lol. They have a few appetizers to choose from on the happy hour menu. The prices were reasonable. The staff were patient and accommodating. Great music a jukebox. Plenty of sports to watch on the TVs if your into that sort of thing Overall it was a nice experience and I will definitely return.
Great vibe, especially for game nights. Only thing is that it could get a little crowded...feeling like you're shoulder to shoulder with people. They have a large menu to choose food and drinks from and the prices are so reasonable. I'd suggest coming here with a group of friends. It's not a "one on one" date type place. The music was okay, wasn't consistent with the genre. But nonetheless we would definitely return.
It was to my genuine surprise to discover that a sports bar exists in Chinatown, thanks to the NBA finals! 

I wanted to write this review mostly to note that this place served some of the best sweet potato fries I think I've ever had (which is saying a lot because I'm Korean and Koreans make mean sweet potato everythings). Some friends and I came here to watch Game 3, and it was then that I discovered those deliciously addictive sweet potato fries. To add the cherry on top, it was only $3 off their late night happy hour menu (ka-chinnggg!). 

Everything else about BarLy was just okay in my opinion, but to reiterate, their sweet potato fries really blew me away :)
I liked this place!  Who would think you could find a sports bar like this in Chinatown? Good beer selection with good happy hour prices.  I had the spicy chicken sandwich and wasn't disappointed.  What will make this place a regular stop for me is that I frequently visit someone in the apartment building that's above the restaurant so it will be a nice inside walk from elevator to restaurant on those cold winter nights.
Wow, move over Tazia, because Barly is the place to be. Sixty beers on tap in Chinatown? I am in heaven. This place has a great Asian-inspired menu with plenty of bar snacks that will suit anybody. 

I had the most original and amazing dish here: KIMCHI PIZZA! I swear, it sounds gross, but it was so good. Topped with a little bit of sriracha and my taste buds were flying! 

Tazia absolutely needed a renovation and I think they went in the right direction. I am not a fan of sports bars and the number of TV's in here is distracting and overwhelming, but I'm sure this is a huge plus for sports fans. I think this would be a perfect place for happy hour, but not if you are looking for a quiet dinner. Either way, I can't wait to have my kimchi pizza again!
First experience, five stars. Second experience, wtf. This is long, bear with me. I was hungry and pissed. That's pissed x2.

My first time here was cool. It was pretty busy as it was during happy hour. I loved the prices and selection, the food and drinks were good. I thought I found my new spot.

UNTIL - I tried to put more of my friends on to this place and it was a major fail. My friends and I (5 of us) drove here on this particular day and parked in a lot around the corner for the hour. We assumed we would only need the hour because it was almost 1pm on a Sunday and BarLy was EMPTY. One of my friends also had a 2pm Greyhound to catch so the hour was all we really had. When we got inside, it was 12:59pm. I didn't feel the need to let them know we only had an hour because there were literally only two other people in the whole spot.

It was randomly freezing outside so I was entirely shocked when the employee glanced around the entire EMPTY room and sat us at the table RIGHT NEXT TO the door. Okay. We asked to move of course.

We ordered around 1:06pm (I was on snapchat heavy during this experience so I was able to provide the receipts on how ridiculous this experience was when I confronted them later on. Thanks snap!) and we all ordered small things. Wings, dumplings, fries. That's about it.

The water service was impeccable. Every time I took a sip, the girl was right over me refilling that sip. Every. Time.

1:30pm - No food. So I ask about it "oh it should be coming out soon."

1:40pm - Two plates of wings come out, without the side of fries. There's still 3 plates that are nowhere to be found. At this point we had to ask for the rest of the food to come out boxed and the check.

1:50pm - The fries come out. Still waiting on the rest of the food.

We literally didn't get the food until almost 2 o'clock. My whole thing is, we came together. We want to eat together. What makes you think we wanted our plates to come out 20 minutes apart, I do not understand. IT IS EMPTY IN HERE.

When I confronted the staff, I got a lot of shocked faces and "oh my goodness!" exclamations. The excuse was that they were preparing for a huge party and the kitchen was backed up. I personally don't care about the party that was not there considering .. they were not there. If the kitchen was backed up someone should have told us that so I didn't have to waste my time. When I asked to speak to a manager, I was denied, but was told by our waiter (a guy) that he wouldn't charge my friend for the bottle of water she ordered (LOL WTF) and he would give us a discount. The bill came, no discount.

After all that, I couldn't eat with my friends, had to eat my wings separate from my fries, was annoyed by the water girl, saw no manager and only got a free bottle of water. What is the joke? Never coming here again.
Love this place! They have a great selection of beer and prices aren't bad. There are huge TVs covering the walls, so if you're into sports, I imagine it's a good place to watch games.

The happy hour special is a good for both drinks and food. Try the bacon wrapped quail egg! 

The bartenders are always friendly and attentive. My friends and I were doing the World's Largest Bar Crawl a few weeks ago,  and I called ahead with a question. The person who answered the phone didn't know,  but he offered to find out for me if I called back in a few minutes. Typically, if people don't know the answer, that'll be it. I was just pleasantly surprised.
This place has changed their names and food more than any other place I know.  Does it get better nah!!!  Save your money and go somewhere that's more consistent.
There drinks are weak the food pricey. 
Go if you must but only for happy hour. Other than that not worth it.
Service: Admittedly, myself and seven drunken college kids came here for happy hour a while back and the servers were more than accommodating. We got our food and drink, ate, and left within an hour and ended up paying less than $25 per person. I'm still in awe about my experience here. 

Food: I got several of the skewers and the calamari. My favorite were the quail egg skewers. What made me ecstatic, was that I probably ate twice as much as I should have, but still only managed to spend about $20-25. One would think quality would take a hit with prices that low but that is definitely not the case at BarLy. 

Environment: I came in expecting the typical golden tapestry and dragons just like almost every other restaurant or bar in Chinatown. Nope. This is a sports bar and a real one at that. TV screens and wooden furnishing everywhere. We unfortunately didn't have enough time to relax, but I will definitely be back for another happy hour when I have more time to kill.
Like all bars, its noisy. But, I always go with a wishful thinking hoping theres going to be a good crowd of people off all ages. With my luck, its usually close to never needs well with me. Something always rub me the wrong way. I might be a little bias but, I was never a fan of bars, i feel like its a "groupy" thing. 
I scooped out the place,  it turns out I know one of the bartenders there. That part was very nice. We did a lot chatting which distracted me from rushing my friends to leave. 
  Here's where my head starts to turn. I ordered a glass of wine of their finest domestic cheap wine. hahaha. Im not a beer drinker nor a fan of heavy liquor. The wine snob that I am will just have to settle for the blah stuff. :( 9$ for a glass of woodbridge is outrageous. It's domestic stuff! i think that price could buy me the entire bottle with change back. Grrrr. 
  This where I had to walk away. ( i understand mistakes and accidents happens.)
I'm very observant with anything that touches my mouth. With that said, there was a lipstick stain on my glass. i didn't make a big deal about it. i just had to let him know so they could pour me a new glass in a different glass. FML... the owner Tammy came over took my glass, licked the lipstick stain off in front of me, then slid my glass back to me thinking it was okay. lol
Enough said. im done with this place. sorry!
Holy moly that's a big TV! How haven't I been to this fun bar before right next to the Trocadero and in the heart of Chinatown! An unbelievable draft selection including la fin du monde which is one of my favorite beers and hard to find. I didn't have a chance to try the food but everything that came out of the kitchen looked good and the service was very friendly!
Friendly staff, great deal.  They have happy hour every day from 3pm - 6:30. They have a good beer selection and apps too. 

We ordered calamari,  corn skewer,  and bacon wrapped quail egg skewers.  All were pretty good.  The calamari was only $3.50 during happy hour!  Yummy!
awesome bar good happy hour from 10-12 for young adults that ACTUALLY have a job..cheap food but super delicious. D and Jamie were awesome bartenders. such a good time
New fav sports bar. Good food, great tvs, late night happy hour. 

Mediocre service is what put a small damper on this place.
This place is weird.

A group of us came in because we heard about all the beers on tap.  Most of the group are beer snobs, so we were ready to drink whatever they had.  The place was relatively quiet on a Saturday night, which was nice.  We were seated immediately and given the beer list, which is quite extensive.  They had some nice selections on there, so naturally I went with the one with the highest content on the menu - the Ommegang Three Philosophers.  I was pretty surprised when the drink came out in a regular pint glass - not at all what I was expecting.  A few others in the group had the same thing happen.  Don't think I'm complaining about this - I am happy to suck down 2x the amount of beer than what I was supposed to be served.  Thank you for the mistake!

We didn't get any food here, but the menu looked pretty good.  

I'm honestly not sure if I'll be back in the future - the beers were great, prices were good, but the place really lacked any ambiance.  The whole concept of this bar is kind of all over the place (sports bar, craft beer, Asian fusion/bar food menu?), but that's also what makes it neat, I guess.  

I don't really know how I feel about this place!
Honestly not a bad place. Came here with some friends after a tournament. We are from NYC and wanted to hit up a bar. Calamari while a bit skinny, hit the spot and the drinks were great. I'd definitely come back here and hit it up again.
BarLy is my go to whenever I'm in chinatown and craving some solid food, good drink, and welcoming atmosphere. First of all, their happy hour is SO good. They have normal happy hours AND late night happy hours Sun-Thurs from 10-12 with some of the best food and drink specials in the city. They have an extensive menu of American and Asian foods. I love the salt and pepper wings and the banh mi is actually one of the best I've had. The service is incredible, the waiters, bartenders, and owner are so attentive and welcoming. There are also tv screens everywhere playing all the sports games so if you ever want a place with plenty of seating and space to watch your favorite game, definitely come to BarLy!

Not sure why this place doesn't have more stars -- I think people need to give it another chance!
Awesome,casual, neighborhood sports bar right in the heart of Chinatown! It's nice and spacious inside with tons of TVs featuring various sporting activities. But for me the most important thing was definitely the happy hour menu. There are about 20 (!!!) different options, all under $5. My favorite was definitely the crab ravioli and the curry chicken soup. So much unexpected variety! They also had the lightest and crispiest calamari. We also all really enjoyed the nutella creme brulle. Finally, stick around until 7:30 on  Tuesday for a nice game of quizzo (which was quite challenging!). Overall this is a perfect bar to stop by with your friends that feels like hanging out in someone's living room.
While slightly off the beaten track from the usual center city bars I frequent, BarLy is the best sports bar in Philadelphia. 


They have dozens of televisions so you can watch pretty much whatever you want to watch. They also have dozens of beers on tap so you can drink pretty much whatever you want to drink.


However, the real find here is the Asian-fusion take on traditional bar food. The wings alone are entirely enough reason to go. The bacon wrapped quail eggs are epic. The gizzard skewers are unique and epic. If you don't want gizzard you can just get regular chicken or beef skewers. Other than watching the Cavs lose in the finals while JR Smith jacked threes last spring, BarLy has always been a fun time.
What a difference Bar-ly is compared to Tazia. This is no longer a dark, karoake/restaurant/bar. Bar-ly is now an awesome sports bar with an amazing beer-on-tap selection. The restaurant is well-kit and all the taps you see at the bar is just mesmerizing. 

I have yet to come here for a sports game, but I will as I'm intrigued with the menu, too. I've already had the 50-50 burger, which is delicious. It was cooked as requested (medium rare) and the burger was super juicy (due to the addition of pork belly I'm sure). The fries were okay; nothing to rave about. But I'm excited to have a few beers while trying the different kinds of wings on the menu during the next Eagles game.
Pretty solid place to watch the 2019 World Series. In the heart of Chinatown, a brave soul opened an Asian food themed sports bar. Typically, you'll never really see a place with all these 3 adjectives (Asian, Food, Sports, Bar) Beer is good, baseball is good and Pho?! Man these are all the things I love, just never experienced it all in one spot until i came across Bar-Ly! 

Coming in, you'll notice the vast amount of TV's and screens on almost all sides of the faculty. Some large screens, other small screens. Beer is in abundance and there are many taps on the wall supplying local and more national brews, most of which are craft brews. The menu covers a lot of different ethnic menu items such as sushi, pho, banh mi, dumplings, rice and noodle dishes. I elected to get the pho with my beer while watching the Astros. To my surprise, the pho was actually pretty on point. Flavor of the broth was good, the quality and amount of noodles was good, however I felt they skimped out on the meat (Minor detail overall). 

My only gripe is this place feels kinda dirty, sticky and overall minimally maintained. Overall this place is a big hit for me. Love the atmosphere and the pleasant clash of all my favorite things to eat, drink and watch.
So this place is pretty genius, no? Open a sports bar-Asian food-craft beer bar in Chinatown in a HUGE spot? I don't actually think that sounds like an obvious good idea, but it certainly tuned out to be in Bar-ly's case.

During a football Sunday, which is honestly the only time I have ever been here, the place lends itself to a huge group of rowdy friends drinking a lot of beer and ordering a ton of food. Good news-they get it. They have a Sunday football specials menu that includes $3 drafts and like, a pretty extensive list of other menu items for $5. Including the banh mi which was really freaking good. 

The server who we sadly used and abused (aka ordered like 5 different rounds of food and ton of beer) was super chill and took everything in stride. Always with a smile, always around to ask if we needed anything (we did, more than likely). Don't worry, we tip well. Servers like that need to be at every sports bar.

The food was actually pretty decent, though I don't think I'd come here just to eat. Kimchee pizza, tofu banh mi, both awesome. The sushi, not so much. The buffalo chicken sandwich my friend ordered was the size of his face. And I still need to get the pad thai. 

I am not sure I'd come back here for, say, a Friday night out, or a Tuesday night casual dinner. But drunk Sunday football with friends? Hells to the yes I'll be back. Make that most other sporting events, too.
We came in here during the weekend for their happy hour. Bar-ly did not succeed in supplanting Moriarty's as the go-to, neighborhood, 7 days a week, happy hour place. I was craving a pineapple based cocktail, and they happened to have a special pineapple-tini on special for HH. Hooray. It was okay, not astonishing, as expected for $4. I certainly didn't think I was going to land a well-crafted specimen for that price. I then tried a blue mai tai and was still not wowed. It might be wise to stick with beer.

We also tried a bunch of the bites on the HH menu. The gizzard skewer was breaded and fried not grilled as in proper yakitori. It also smelled distinctly like old or not properly cleaned meat. The spicy tuna roll had too much rice. It wasn't proper spicy tuna where the raw fish is minced and mixed thoroughly with the condiments. Their rendition was a thin strip of fish rolled into rice and nori, cut, then doused with sirarcha. The rice wasn't rubbed with vinegar as in conventional sushi rice, just steamed white rice. 

The things that tasted best were items that definitely were not made in house. The fries and and spring rolls came out of a box. I know I have complained about this kind of thing before, but come on, I have no complaints at this price point. It's one thing if they dump frozen bites into a fryer, fish them out, put them on a few pieces of salad greens and charge $10 for it (ahem, Flying Monkey). It's another if they put a huge pile of frozen to fryer fries on a plate and give them to drunk people for $3. Undoubtedly, the latter is the correct approach. 

We also had a creme brulee, which was a surprisingly nice way to end the visit. 

The waitstaff is friendly and average. They were not the most attentive, but they weren't outrageously careless or slow either. Business looks to be better than their predecessor-- Tazia, though that may just be because we came by during a game. Oh! There was a raffle! You get a ticket for every item purchased, so, I guess if you really wanted a Corona straw fedora, you could buy something like 20 skewers for only $25... or more... depending on how much you want that fedora.
I have been here twice now. The drinks are ok. The food is ok. It's a much younger crowd that frequent the place. The staff are nice but alittle slower paced.
Pretty decently large bar in chinatown. Doesn't seem overly crowded or divey just very average. They seemed to have a lot of stuff on tap- which I'm sure people look forward to when going to a sports bar. Our average drink price was around 6-7 dollars, which isn't terrible if you went to a BYO restaurant in the area and didn't actually BYO.
Went here for happy hour after work and the specials are great!  Both food and drink specials for the cheap!  I had a pineapple martini and a Mojito, and they tasted great - not a hint of weakness.  In fact, the martini was a little toooo strong.  But the Mojito was the perfect blend. And the craft beers were $3-$5 during HH.  Good selection on beer all around.

The food was typical.  Nothing to write home about.  The cheesesteak spring rolls were steak spring rolls with a side of dipping wiz.  I prefer the cheese to be mixed into the roll.  

All in all, I think this bar was the best establishment to date here.  It's been through a couple of changes here, and Bar Ly is my fave.  Good crowd, service and all around ambience.
Awesome service, the waitress and waiters are extremely nice and go above and beyond for their customers. The owner was extremely nice, being from Houston this was our favorite restaurant while being in Philly. We all ate here multiple times. The menu is amazing, they have all different kinds of food for everyone. From American to Mexican etc. Highly recommend for an awesome time! Happy hour is amazing as well!
What is with the "Happy Hour" beers for $3 when they are served in 12 oz. mugs?  Price wise, it is the same as buying a 16 oz. glass at regular price.  Want to make people happy? Then do what every other bar does at "Happy Hour" and serve a pint of beer at a "Happy Hour" price. Also, the food portions were on the small side.  Summary: there are better options elsewhere in Center City.
Solid sports bar in Chinatown. On a Saturday night, the place was packed and it was easy to see why-tons of TVs, large beer list, and a wide range of food options. My group had already had dinner, so we didn't try the food but we did enjoy the atmosphere. If I was in the area, I would definitely come back to catch an Eagles or Phillies game.
I went to Bar Ly a couple of months ago to kill time before dinner in Chinatown, and was pretty happy that I found a cheap happy hour spot with seats at the bar on a Friday night.  The drink specials were great and the servers were excellent--as happy hour came to a close the bartender made sure we were set with another round of happy-hour priced drinks.  

I've never eaten here, so I'll need to pop back in sometime and check out the menu, but I highly recommend this spot for a few rounds of drinks or watching the game (whatever game that might be...)
It's a bar with mediocre food.  The spring rolls were frozen and nuke quality, more like taquitos.  The sarachi chicken bites are good.Go for the beer.  Great tap list with rotating seasonals.  Not many local brews, but a great selection.  If you want great food, just wander outside.
We all have parts of Philly that just don't do it for us, aside from the obvious godforsaken ones. Personally I've never found much appeal to Chinatown. So to say I was pleasantly surprised when I made the recent trip to Bar-ly would be a gross understatement. 

The place is cool. Plenty of seating. Plenty of taps. An abundance of TVs. We ordered a bunch of small plates at the bar: dumplings, edammame and a banh mi. They all came out quickly and were pretty good. It's always a rare treat to stumble upon a Saturday night happy hour too. 

It's spacious, clean and a comfortable place to watch a game. They happened to be out of two beers I ordered, but that's okay - they had plenty of substitutes. It's essentially an Asian joint with good food reworked with a gastropub/craft beer facade. After all, the discerning businessperson is vying for those craft beer dollars these days. The staff was super friendly and present themselves in a very professional manner..

Just as a pig dressed up as a bird cannot fly, a Vietnamese restaurant cannot simply dress up as a gastropub and find it has expertise in beer. In other words, the staff here probably won't be as knowledgeable about beer as the staff at most other beer-heavy establishments you frequent around town. But that's okay, most of us have been drinking craft beers long enough to be able to fend for ourselves without bartender assistance, whatever that's ultimately worth.

This place has given me a reason to return to Chinatown! All in all, I say well done Bar-ly. Well done.
Really good beer selection across a range of prices.  Way above average bar food.  The ribs are really good and a generous portion at $8.95.  Udon noodle soup, burger, fries also excellent.  Lots of screens.  The place is rockin' when there's a game on.  Servers are attentive and friendly.
cannot believe how packed this place was.. well granted it was also chinese new year this past weekend~

i tried the bacon and quail egg..? major disappointment...! first of all, you only get 2 pieces.. then the yolk of one of the eggs wasn't even yellow inside! it was oozing white liquid o-o yea.. i didn't eat it.. on top of that.. it was served all fallen apart.. i mean it's ok if you don't know how to prepare it properly ..  then maybe you shouldn't put that on the menu! smh

we also got fries and fried chicken wings-- those were stable! whew! nothing oozing out or misplaced for those dishes lol .. my bf did noted that they sprinkled MSG on top of the wings just by the addicting taste.. so beware of that.

drinks were ok-- pretty extensive list of beers
service was ok-- .. until we asked for the check.. it took what it seemed like forever.. then we asked for a 2nd time and after that, we received a copy of our check 3 times! =.= fo reals...?! 

they definitely got some stuff to work on.. but if you're in the area and just really want to grab a drink-- this could be your spot.
This is my go-to bar and they totally deserve an updated review (I can't believe I haven't yet)! Aside from the regular things I order in their awesome happy hour menu--calamari, fries, bacon-wrapped quail eggs, dumplings, and banh mi, which are all awesome, I've been recently venturing out into their regular menu. 

My boyfriend and I have really enjoyed their cheese pizzas! I like how they put a bit of arugula salad in the middle of the pizza. A friend recently ordered the Kimchi pizza, which I was able to share. It was surprisingly tasty and not overwhelmed by the kimchi. 

Since we're regulars, we know some of the employees there. One of the managers raved about their burgers. We recently ordered it on a quizzo night, and WOW, he was not exaggerating! My boyfriend tried the BarLy Burger and I had the 50/50 both medium and added cheese and grilled onions. He also added bacon to his. I thought both were really good. I especially liked my 50/50, the mix of meat really added extra flavor. It also comes with a side of fries and I quite enjoy their old bay fries, but their regular fries are decent as well. The size of the meat and toppings available was definitely worth the money! Each time I try something new, I'm surprised and happy with my order and I actually prefer ordering burgers here from now on! 

Also, try the grilled cheese sandwich and add bacon--to die for!

Lastly, quizzo on Tuesday nights are fun--starts at 7:30pm, but sometimes takes a few minutes to get going! Lately, the crowd has been growing! My friends and I have won third place a couple times and have gotten $10 off of our bill (once we got a giftcard, which we still need to use!). I'm hoping that we get first place one of these weeks!
Came to this place on a Friday night for a few drinks. 

Dining room is huge ("that's what she said") with a nice wrap-around bar. Most importantly, the walls are covered in TVs if you're ADD for sports or just ADD in general. 

Drink menu is also very adequately sized. TONS of beers with a seasonal menu on the table to supplement the collection. Handsome drink menu as well, a huge page full of 'em. I went with a "beer mojito" with rum, triple sec, mint (obv), and blue moon. Check out this fucking drink, I'll post a photo underneath. It was so impressive my drinking companion ordered one afterwards.

I was eyeing the house marg and the bloody mary but went with a chocolate stout afterwards. Chocolate flavor was definitely present however it was a bit bitter for my taste. Drinking companion enjoyed it more than I did. 

Menu has a list of juicy choices, including TOFU SLIDERS!!! What the FUCK?!?!? Thrilled to see this, I almost ordered these actually but we ultimately decided to get the check. Accompanied by the usual suspects like wings, fries, nachos, etc. The rest of the menu is jam-packed with good-looking shit also. 

I'd definitely come back to catch a game if I'm ever not working again.
Bar Ly is a pretty cool Sports Bar in Philly Chinatown.  They have awesome Asian appetizers and friendly staff.  The noise level can get a bit high during a game, but it's part of the experience.

Cheers.
Three reasons to check out BarLy: Great happy hour specials (food & drink), beer selection, and atmosphere. 

We've been here a few times and food has always been good. I recommend the pork dumplings, cheesesteak spring rolls, and old bay fries. Excellent! We were here last night and although the happy hour specials were about to end, our waiter honored them (the pricing) anyway. Nice guy. 

The beer selection (especially what's on tap) is great. A lot to choose from, and great prices.

The place has a neat vibe to it - great place to meet with friends after work, or just to hang out late night. 

Overall, highly recommended.
