OK OK, I get it...YELP Inflation.

This was a good meal. The two of us visiting from afar enjoyed the meal. The service was fine. Our only, umm.. this is where I usually get attacked from other Yelpers..we really thought the prices were steep considering the plates. Yes, yes, the plates were over all successful, but very expensive for the portion on the plate. Ok lets have some fun and I'll list the tastings. 

SHEEPS MILK RICOTTA - very good, nope excellent. but the portion was just on this side of a child's portion
ROASTED MARROW BONE - An OK rendition. Needed a load more seasoning, bland fat. no value here. Pass on this.

CURED MEAT BOARD - This was total disappointment. Quite expensive for the selection. Server mumbled what was on the board. Cured meats ok, but over all a miss.

GRILLED MEDITERRANEAN OCTOPUS - Very good. Also an excellent value

PAN SEARED SHRIMP AND PORK BELLY - Another total Miss. Two at best medium Shrimp, Where was the Pork Belly? CALLING ALL PORK BELLYS!!! Missing in action. Skip this, on this side of a crash and burn and over priced because...Pork Belly?? Where??

BRAISED SHORTRIB - Tasted good, BUT AGAIN two very small ribs for 17 bucks?? Come on...are you for real? I would say this was a ....rip off.  Should have been 11 bucks and offered as an appetizer. 17 dollars??? Stick this in your short rib!

Dessert was tepid Coffiee. (Does anyone serve hot coffee anymore?) and Bread Putting which was very sweet. Then again Bread Putting is supposed to be sweet dumb arse.

For two including tip was 160 buckaroos. WAYY WAYY to much for what was served.

Food was a-ok. Service was ok...the value just sucked. There are so many great places now in this city to dine for 80 dollars a person, this would not be top 30 choice.

FATTY SAYS..... Where is the Pork Belly you mutha!
Really enjoyed my meal at Barbuzzo after catching a show at a local theater. The highlights of the small plate selections we tried were the Butternut Squash Arancini (smoked mozzarella stuffed risotto, cranberry mostarda, parmesan), the Winter Farro and Cabbage Salad (castle valley farro, nappa cabbage, local apples, walnuts, royer mountain, flax seed, burnt honey dressing), Margherita pizza (san marzanos, house stretched fior di latte, parmesan, basil & extra virgin olive oil), and the Tonnarelli Cacio E Pepe (roasted cauliflower, pecorino, parsley, cauliflower crema, black pepper, garlic bread crumbs. 

If I was forced to pick a favorite, it would be the Butternut Squash Arancini , it was the lightest non-oily Arancini I have had at any restaurant. A must try on your visit. 

The Mediterranean-inspired Barbuzzo is a small space with intimate dining and an outdoor seating during warm weather. That said, if you are not a fan of small places and dining close to other patrons, you might not enjoy.  The only recommendation I have for the team at Barbuzzo  would be to turn up the lighting just a bit, it was way too dark. Outside of that it was fantastic, food was excellent and service was on point, definitely a restaurant to return to in the future.
For some reason I have lived in Philly for over 6 years now and have not gotten to Barbuzzo until last night. I could feel the 'shame' lady from GOT follow me as I walked through the door into the beautifully and warmly decorated dining room last night.  But after my meal I figure out why the universe had kept me from this restaurant, its because I am now addicted, and every dessert besides the salted caramel budino is now ruined for me, nothing can compete. 

I am a sucker for small plates, I love to taste everything, so the fact that Barbuzzo is only small plates and recommends a few per person appealed to me from the start. For two of us we got five plates (maybe a little too much but oh well it was my first time).  We ordered the whipped ricotta - clearly whipped and prepared by angels, and they sweetly offered to bring us more bread when we were out - the greens salad, octopus, ragu and the meatballs.  Its hard to reccomend meatballs at a 'trendier' restaurant when Philadelphia is filled with amazing traditional Italian restaurants, but wow these were amazing and you must get them, filled with cheese and just enough tangy sauce and a bit of crunch to the outside. All of the food was amazing and we did end up bringing some home so its definitely easy to over order here. Everything is fresh and prepared perfectly.  We ended with the salted caramel budino and I will never be able to eat another dessert again. 

Service was wonderful, and the wine and drinks were great as well. Now that I finally got here, I will not wait another 6 years to come back to this amazing Philly staple.
We absolutely LOVED our dinner and overall experience at Barbuzzo for date night. It was perfection. I'm a tad embarrassed and bewildered about the fact that it took us this long to make it here. 

It's hard to come by reservations as many of you know so I'm glad I was able to snag a quick, last minute one on Open Table. It took a lot to get me out and ready so quickly, but it was sooooo worth it. A woman we bumped into out front looking at the menu said she booked a table for two months away so definitely make reservations!  

The place itself is super inviting and intimate. Clean and minimal with wood, tiny plants, Mason jars, a big, white barn door and candles on every table the way it's supposed to be in my opinion. Dark, moody and perfect. The bar looked like a great place to sit and is an option if you don't have reservations. The lamps were funky and fun to look at, as was the whimsical pig. :) The two top tables are a bit close together which I am really not normally a fan of however, we would up chatting with both lovely couples who sat next to us. They both had the same menu suggestions, raved about the food, and are both "regulars" which we thought spoke volumes about the place. Here's what they both order on the regular and what they recommended:

-Sheep's milk ricotta app 
-Roasted And Raw Beet Salad goat cheese, orange, tuscan kale, pistachio pesto.
-Pan Seared Gnocchi guanciale, mushrooms, tuscan kale, cherry tomatoes, pine nuts
-Soft Taleggio Polenta- roasted heirloom, pumpkin, chanterelle mushrooms, pepitas & 
sage brown butter 
-And a pizza. We chose the pear sans cheese and meat on the side. 

Everything we tasted was absolutely amazing! I love sharing, it's my favorite way to dine and this was a great place to do so! The above plates are some of their most popular, but I honestly can't imagine going wrong with anything here. I was enjoying every bite so much I didn't get photos of everything which is sooooo unlike me. It's THAT good! 

They do have vegetarian options and we're VERY accommodating to my vegan needs, subbing, eliminating and putting items on the side when possible. I really appreciated it!

For dessert I couldn't wait for hubs to try their famous Salted Carmel Budino I've heard so much about which is served in a half Mason jar. That was perfect for him to take to go as he was stuffed from our plates. He absolutely loved it as I knew he would! Everyone does! 

Service was perfect. No complaints at all. They know what they're doing here. In every way. 

I think I found a gem to add to our list of rotating favorites. I'm already planning our next visit and am so happy hubs works just down the street! Hello lunch dates! We are also definitely purchasing gift cards for my parents and others during their Black Friday sale!  

Perfect experience! 5 star. Very, very happy! 
Great for a date!
Barbuzzo is conveniently located at the center city in Philly area with plenty of parking near 13th street. It offers wide variety of  small tapas-like dishes. Moderately priced but not cheap. Each dish had a unique blend of flavors and the wide selection of draft beer and wine made for a lovely meal. 

We had beet salad which was really flavorful but I would have liked more and bigger sized cuts of beets and less greens.  Then we had the gnocchi which was absolutely perfection!  Best gnocchi I've ever had. We also ordered couple of pies for the table, classic marghertia and fungi, which included herbs, mushrooms and few different kinds of cheese. They were both very good. They served pizza with chili oil and a jar of "oregano" that looked suspiciously smokable :)

For desert we tried the Budino Jar which is a magical dessert with caramel, vanilla bean, sea salt, dark chocolate, cream and cookie crust. We also ordered their tiramisu.  It was kind of deconstructed and served in a cup.  It was really tasty I just wish it had more coffee flavor. 

The entrance to the restaurant could be better. As soon as you walk in, you are in the dining area. There is no lobby or seating for waiting customers. It's very crowded and noisy. Casual atmosphere with trendy decor. Despite this, the food and drinks were great. Overall, I'd definitely come back here! Wonderful first experience!
I think it's safe to I have new favorite restaurant in Philly. The food is brilliant, and it's a perfect setting for an intimate dinner. I've heard the buzz of Barbuzzo for some time, and my dining experience completely exceeded my expectations, which were already pretty high.

A reservation is a must. Barbuzzo is fairly small, and I would not recommend it to parties of more than 4 people. If you don't have a reservation, the odds you'll need to wait for a table are pretty high, and there is not ample space to linger. Fortunately, my date made a reservation, and we were sat immediately. To my dismay, we were sat in a small table cramped between two other parties. It was very intimate, but borderline claustrophobic. The men sitting next to us seemed less than pleased that they needed to adjust their seats in order for us to get in to our table, and even our server was reaching over heads to hand us our menus. It was a bit of stretch to seat us there, but it was the only downside to the night.

The hosts were wonderful, taking our bulky winter coats out of the way. It was a huge help. 

We started with a bottle of wine and the Sheep's Milk Ricotta. I'm pretty sure I scraped the plate clean. For our mains, we shared the stuffed meatballs, Brussel sprouts, and gnocchi. The Brussel sprouts were among the best I've ever had - my mouth is watering just thinking of them! The meatballs were very tasty, but I was more enthralled with the significant amount of melty cheese stuffed inside. The gnocchi was very good, though not particularly memorable. Every single one of our plates was polished clean. Plate sharing is the way to go here; there are so many tasty flavors to try.

We HAD to get the dessert, per my date. I'm never one to say no, but I was very full. None the less, we ordered the salted caramel budino -- it was out of this world. I would come back here JUST for the dessert. It was a creamy and custardy, sweet and salty, perfectly flavored, amazing explosion of texture and taste - I can't say enough. SAVE. ROOM. FOR. DESSERT.

I can't wait to come back to Barbuzzo. I'm counting down to my next visit.
I'm not really a prophet of Restaurant Week or anything. I can take it or leave it. Mostly leave it, since I feel like I can have a better experience for the same price (sometimes less, sometimes more if we're all being honest here) any other night of the year. That said, I do dig RW for one thing - lunch. Because if you can score a table at one of the few gems on the list that runs like a well-oiled machine, you are all but guaranteed a fantastic meal at a price that can't be beat. Barbuzzo is one of those gems. 

I entered the restaurant at 12:45, my reservation time, and my lunch date and I were taken to our table right away. No waiting! If our server was unhappy to be working this shift, he certainly didn't show it. He took care of us for the duration of the meal and offered helpful suggestions when we asked for his opinion. I started with a crisp glass of white wine which went perfectly with my meal. 

To start, the vegetable board, which had a piece of buttery oven-grilled bread, roasted peppers, brussels lightly scented with truffle, glazed carrots and some broccoli rabe. It wasn't rocket science but it was a healthy and satisfying start to the meal. The sheep's milk ricotta across from me was wiped clean from the plate. Next up for me was a chicken dish, with two thin cutlets topped with parmesan and a little prosciutto. This was served over some braised greens and mashed potatoes with a little bit of gravy around the bottom. It was very nice, not too heavy and packed lots of flavor. My companion had the pizza. Folks, if you haven't had Barbuzzo's pizza, get on it, because it's some of the best in the city. Last but not least, the caramel budino. I somehow managed to restrain myself to only half, which is honestly plenty for me since the flavors are so rich and sweet. 

Surprisingly, this was probably the quietest meal I've ever enjoyed at Barbuzzo. Everyone around us seemed to be seated on time and there were no waits at the door. I guess when a restaurant is used to having a full house on the regular, Restaurant Week is no different from any other day.
Ladies, a note of caution: if you're also looking to boost your ego and self-esteem from the attention you're likely to get from male patrons at a restaurant, Barbuzzo might not be the destination to do so...

Dining with a group of friends from out-of-town, exchanging flirtatious banter while seated next to a fairly attractive group of women, we embarrassed ourselves thoroughly in a 30 minute time period with the accentuated oscillation of our necks that rotated like fans as the eyes scanned an arc from the entrance to the reception - while taking note of every single attractive female (from all age groups, physical descriptions, hair types, and ethnicities) entering and exiting the restaurant. Needless to add, the table next door was sorely disappointed by the ADD we had exhibited, and didn't make eye contact with us for the rest of the meal. But, I can honestly say that I haven't seen such a large number of extremely attractive girls in a single restaurant ever - thousands of meals in major metropolises like NYC, Washington, San Francisco not withstanding...

Given that context of my first meal at Barbuzzo, it was extremely difficult for me to judge the restaurant without rose-tinted glasses - and yet I still exercised discipline by holding off reviewing till another couple of trials. That, and the desire to make sense of the crazy popularity of their Salted Caramel Budino... yes, the famous salted caramel budino you will see mentioned in almost all reviews - for very good reason. I really have to struggle hard to recall a contemporary phenomenon like that in any other city where a single restaurant dessert rules the hearts of the diners. Worried that I wouldn't be able to sample it at my first visit, at the start of the meal, I asked the server to save one for me. Not to worry, the server assured me, we make hundreds of servings a day. Judging from the number of people that show up just to order that dessert for take-away, I wouldn't be surprised if that number is in the Thousands instead... The Salted Caramel Budino at Barbuzzo might well become a Philly institution and certainly deserves that honor over the heart clogging cheese steaks that define the City of Brotherly Love. It certainly is one of the better desserts I've had (5 stars) despite the elevated expectations and hype.

The rest of the (Mediterranean) tapas-style menu is executed fairly competently. My usual staples are the Sheeps Milk Ricotta (extra virgin olive oil, sea salt, grilled country bread) and Chicken Liver-Foie Mousse (with plum jam, almonds, and crostini) to start, followed by Octopus (without the Sopressata) and then either the Tagliatelle (lamb, favas, leeks, pecorino) / Pan seared Gnocchi (mushroom, tomato, corn, truffle butter - without the Guanciale) or pizza (Uovo: egg yolk, truffle, cheese, greens or Margherita). They have a good menu of cocktails, and I often pick between the Basil Lemonade (w/vodka) and the Gin with cucumber drink.

I have always found the service gracious, and still remember the courtesy of a harried manager (at peak hour) in accommodating a different table when an additional guest joined us during our meal.

Beyond that I seem to have stored no distinct memories. But, you can't recall anything should your initial concentration and focus have been challenged in any way. Barbuzzo will do that to you, but you'll still leave with a smile - not simply for the Salted Caramel Budino :)
Funny how you can be just a few feet away from the chaos that is Center City, yet in here life and time seemingly come to a crawl. 

Barbuzzo has been dishing out Mediterranean fare to the philly faithful for years now. This is ideal for date night or any special occasion. Intimate and full of charm. 

The sheep's milk ricotta is an absolute hit. A lovely grilled bread served with velvety ricotta and olive oil. I know, you're thinking sheep's milk? Not at all as intimidating as it sounds. The cheese is subtle yet flavorful. I actually had to pace myself so I wouldn't devour this in its entirety before the entree. 

The pasta dishes are beautifully constructed. Each ingredient is treated with the utmost respect, and the flavors surely come through. The portion size isn't astronomical, which I can appreciate, since I often feel I should be wheel barrow-ed out of most restaurants. 

The much sought after Salted caramel budino: considering this is the #1 seller, I'm going to catch some serious flack for this but I was not a fan of the budino. Primarily because of the lack of texture balance. 

Easy to see why Barbuzzo has cemented its place in the hearts of many.
I was new to this city and I had not tried many places but this place came to be one of the best restaurants I've been to.

Mediterranean food and service at this spot was great, their staff were so attentive and also our waiter had a good knowledge about the menu and helped us with some good suggestions. They had large portions for reasonable rates.

The place was so clean with a fresh atmosphere.
I highly recommend this place to who ever wants a good meal in a great worthy environment.
When you are lucky enough to live in a hot spot as Washington Square West, Barbuzzo is the "it" restaurant. Usually there is a high demand for seats, and the small spaced restaurant is always packed/ reserved! So, as a solo walk-in without a reservation on a restaurant week, I totally took advantage of the available bar seating and sat down to dine with anticipation! My server obviously enjoys working there, she was sweet and attentive! I think I heard her screaming: hey Barbuzzo, Sari in the house! ;) HAHA!

My lunch was delightful with the slamming menu. Sheep's milk ricotta appetizer, a wood-fired vegetarian pizza, and the famous salted caramel budino for dessert! 
Fast highlight: Unbelievable and truly impressive lunch!

There's something about the sheep's milk ricotta that makes it the goddess of appetizers, perhaps its the fantastic feeling in your mouth! A delicate fresh, and smooth cheese with a melody of herbs, some slightly sweet vincotto, and fine virgin olive oil for a savory finish.
The creamy cheese was paired with chunky and fresh french country bread. I was so intrigued by the tang and sweet taste, I am now ultimately in love with this refreshing appetizer. I totally think it deserves more attention than what it currently have! An ideal starter to a meal!

After my first bite of the exceptional gourmet wood-fired delicious and cheesy pizza, I totally vote for Barbuzzo to be a top-spot for pizza in Philadelphia. I didn't even have to sprinkle any of the olive oil and dried oregano that came on the side! 
A pleasing mixture of san marzanos, smoked and buffalo mozzarella, with bit of creative toppings like rapini, taggiasca olives, and chile creates the crispy, light thin crust butcher's pizza. By far it was dreamy good. 

It was my lunch-time run, so my time was limited to indulge the mighty salted caramel budino in the restaurant. I obviously don't like to be rushed when I am about to enjoy some sinful food especially when everyone raves about it. I had to take home the cute mini mason jar of my dessert. 
Yes, budino makes people overjoyed, but what exactly is this budino? I learned that budino is a fancy Italian term for custard or pudding. It has layers of finely ground dark chocolate cookie crumble crust, rich and smooth vanilla bean caramel and sea salt pudding parfait topped with whipped cream. Barbuzzo's salted caramel budino with its shocking hit, is the most delectable dessert in town- aside from me! ;) 
My tiny advice: Forget love - I'd rather fall in budino. Trust me when I say that you have not lived until you had their budino along with other incredible dishes, or alone with a late night drink. 

One for sure will enjoy the elegant ambiance inside or dine alfresco when the weather permits! Either way you will have a perfect lunch/ dinner!
Four and half Yelps!
The basil lemonade cocktail is fantastic.  I highly recommend it.  I ordered the zucca pizza and it came very undercooked, extremely doughy. as soon as the bartender Brady saw I wasn't eating quickly,  he asked me of anything was wrong and immediately fixed it.  Excellent, immediate service.  Brady  the bartender is very nice and extremely professional.  I recommend.
After hearing lots and lots of good things and after my Twitter feed being dominated by Barbuzzo buzz (yukk yukk yukk) for weeks on end, I was elated to have snagged, four days in advance, what seemed like the last reservation left for the entire weekend. I always feel weird getting somewhere right at the moment it opens and being first, but that weird senstation didn't last and the restaurant filled up fast. I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the space since I was anticipating much more cramped quarters. The table next to us was close, but not unbearably close and I was fine with the idea of another couple being sat there.

The service was great here from start to finish, our server was pleasant, helpful, and good natured. She was well-informed and willing to answer questions. So good! We were offered an explanation of the menu, when I explained my vegetarian preference, she gave a run through of the entire menu - what is already veg-friendly and what could be made sans viande. After a quick breeze through our options, we decided on the following: sheeps milk ricotta with bread, the "uovo" pizza (without guanicale, which according to my pre-meal Google search is high grade bacon), the gnocchi, and the grilled branzino. Everything was really spectacular and added up to one of the most perfect meals I've had in Philly.

The sheeps milk ricotta recommended by our server and had also both peaked my interest while looking at the menu at my desk earlier in the day. The ricotta was creamy, slightly sweet, and perfect. The accompanying bread was crisply grilled and just olive oily enough. The four slices of bread given is enough if you're very generous with your application of the ricotta, but I did feel a pang of regret when I saw our future boothmates order the same thing and request additional bread. For this, I blame myself, but I live without regret. The gnocchi followed and the little starchy nuggets of delight were buttery (truffle buttery) and browned to perfection and complimented by cubes of veggies (had to consult the menu - apple & kohlrabi) and soft slivers of mushroom. The uovo pizza, which came as a "we can make this veg" recommendation was rich, thanks the egg and truffles, without being heavy, balanced out by the brussel sprout leaves and thinly stretched cheese. For Mike's sake, perhaps we should have asked for meat on half of it, but relationships are all about compromise and he enjoyed the pizza regardless. 

The true highlight of our meal was the BRANZINO. WTF. I can tell when Mike is really enjoying something because he gets mad quiet and serious looking. I, on the other hand, laugh and repeat over and over how delicious something is. This is what happened with the branzino. After consuming the first quarter of the grilled fish Mike declared it as, easily, one of the most delicious things he's ever eaten. A lofty statement, but I seconded his emotion. The pesto atop the fish and the unidentifiable grain (my bad) beneath complimented the fish perfectly, creating a salty, perhaps even ZESTY combo. It was incredible. You can tell because I used a lot of caps just now. See?

The dessert was, as anticipated, another highlight. We split the apple bread pudding and the famous salted caramel budino. Obviously the budino was heavenly and lived up to all the hype and more. I could have eaten three more, probably. But the bread pudding, served warm with a scoop of melty vanilla gelato is nothing to sneeze at, either. Both desserts were the perfect end to a perfect meal.

Barbuzzo is a five-star dining experience, and is as good as it gets. The service, the food, the atmosphere, the fountain soda, the price, the everything. I'm happy to have finally tried Barbuzzo and can now agree with and contribute to the hype.
My boyfriend and I only had one night in Philly and we went to Barbuzzo for dinner this past Friday and the whole experience was PHENOMENAL! Fortunately we picked the right spot!

We did not have a reservation and came at prime dinner time, but put our names down on a list for the bar and we were seated rather quickly.

We asked for samples of the pumpkin beers on tap and each ordered one. To start, we ordered the Cheese Board + Roasted Marrow Bone. The restaurant was at full capacity, yet the kitchen was on top of it and we received our order quickly.

After the starters, we ordered Sage Ravioli for our entree and the Salted Caramel Budino for dessert. All of the food was incredible! You must save room for dessert! That budino is a must have! The bartender (I believe his name was Brady - at least that's what the receipt said!) was very attentive and we felt like even though we were seated at the bar, that we received 5 star service and a 5 star experience. He was a pro!

I would highly recommend this restaurant to any Philly locals or anyone visiting Philly. The quality of food, service, and overall ambiance make this a great spot!
Let's start with the good.

The good is really. really. really darn good - the espresso tiramisu was to die for. I'm not even a tiramisu kinda gal, but this... this was exquisite. It was the best dessert I've had in a long time and I regret that I shared this with my husband and did not order my own. If my review was solely based on this, Barbuzzo would've gotten a 5 star rating, hands down. 

Since we started with dessert, let's go backwards here. For our entree, we went for the classic margherita, which felt quite underwhelming. It was too soggy (even though we asked for it well done) and the cheese was too thick and chewy in certain areas along the pie. The side of marinara sauce we used to dip our crust was too tangy for our liking. We did however enjoy the side of fresh oregano they offered! 

The sheeps milk ricotta was a great starter, and paired well with the Malbec. The cheese was rich and the fig condimento added a delicious zest. 

3.5 stars being rounded down because Barbuzzo fell very short of my high expectations after seeing it's stellar reviews.
This place delivers again! 

I was seated in the upstairs this time and the ambiance is awesome. It's an open area with seating towards the windows so you have a chance to enjoy a view, and the bar towards the back. The aesthetics are rustic meets Art Deco creating a casual/upscale feel. 

This place is right in the heart of all the other well known restaurants in the city (El Vez, Sampan, etc.) so defintiely plan for parking well in advance. I actually had to park about 6 blocks away, which wasn't bad since the weather was unusually cooperative (60 degrees! Unheard of for February). However, on a typical winter night, 6 blocks would've felt a lot further away!

A few of my favorites of the evening include the first course - the stracciatella - a dish consisting of pulled strands of mozzarella, mediterranean olives, sea salt, and olive oil served with grilled country bread. Simple, and hearty! Cheese is really what holds the world together. Everything is served family style, so we passed along the bowl of the cheese mixture and bread to share. I would've been content with this as the starter course - but wait there was much more! I would also recommend the wild mushroom arancini made with fontina, truffle aioli, and parmesan - so tasty! 

I had mentioned to the waitress that I am a vegetarian and also do not consume egg. The staff was very attentive to these dietary restrictions and made all the dishes to those specifications. I was impressed by the amount of flavor packed into each dish despite the recipe being modified. This made me believe that it wasn't simply an omission of ingredients, but a reworking of an established plate that delivers on flavor and isn't served as an inferior substitute. Case in point would be the main entree - the barbuzzo rigatoni. Traditionally made with pork, it was made without the meat, but the sauce still had a hearty taste profile and depth in its viscosity - not watery or soupy which could've easily been the case. I did ask for some red pepper flakes to add to the spice profile for the dish, but that's just me catering to my taste buds. 

For dessert, I was served a fresh strawberry sorbet with wafers. What a great way to end the meal! The sorbet had notes of fresh fruit, and it was creamy and the wafers helped clean my palate in between bites - nice touch!

I've been here a few times now, trying different parts of the menu, and I have to say, I am thoroughly pleased. In addition, I am pleasantly surprised on how well the menu and the staff are able to accommodate dietary restrictions - bravo!

Definitely a must stop on your Philly Food Journey!
We went here for restaurant week lunch and made a reservation. It was packed at 1pm on a Friday, a full house. The noise level was surprisingly loud. I had the tomato corn salad and swordfish spedino, and my husband had the vegetable antipasto and the sausage pizza. All were excellent, and I especially loved the vegetable/ white bean sautée that was served alongside the swordfish kebabs. 

We both ended with the salted caramel budino, which was like a sophisticated version of dirt pudding. I say this in the most delicious way possible. The bottom chocolate cookie layer mixed perfectly with the pudding and tasted like a grown up version of a childhood favorite. The salted caramel layer on top was rich and sinful. Everyone should try this at least once! 


TLDR: Come here if you want to eat delicious food and don't care about conversing with your dining partner. It's very loud and cramped but the food is delicious.
Barbuzzo was really good! Based on the recommendation of a friend and the high yelp reviews to boot, I set out to make a reservation at Barbuzzo when I arrived in Philly. The dining times were limited - 5PM or 9:15 - close. 

Three of us dined around 9:30 on a weeknight and at that hour, the place had a nice crowd. The restaurant is narrow and dimly lit creating a relaxed atmosphere in which to enjoy a fantastic meal. Starting with the shaved apple and brussel srpout salad and the roasted and raw beet salad, we were pleasantly surprised. The beet salad was presented with the goat cheese piled high on one side of the bowl and the beets and oranges separated the goat cheese and kale. The salads were followed by the taglietelle with braised lamb, favas, preserved lemon, leeks, tarragon and pecorino. The lamb and pasta were perfectly cooked and the lemon added a bit of a surprise, cutting the denseness of the fava beans and cheese.

Those who read my reviews know that I don't like soggy food or runny eggs but the Asparago pizza at Barbuzzo was absolutely delightful, definitely the stand out dish of the night. A beautiful wood-fired oven-cooked crust with shaved asparagus, guanciale, secret white sauce, parmesan, fior di latte was topped with a runny truffled farm egg. Each bite was full of asparagus, cheese, garlic, truffle and the creaminess of the egg. It was sooo good! 

We finished the evening with the salted caramel budino with a chocolate cookie crust, cucumber basil sorbet and the raspberry bread pudding. We had such a great meal at a very reasonable price. This was an excellent find and if I find myself back in Philly, I'm going to Barbuzzo to get this pizza again!
This year Barbuzzo has become our favorite date night spot. It is super cozy yet elegant and the food is always satisfying. I love that it is tapas style meaning we can order more plates and sample through the menu together. My favorite way to start is with their deliciously huge and refreshing Sanguinello (vodka, blood orange puree, chombard and lime. Switch to wine next and you are set for a relaxed and enjoyable date night. Our food choices always seem to include these: sheep's milk ricotta, arancini, margarita pizza or funghi pizza and grilled spanish octopus. Start with these and add other plates to suit your hunger that day. It has also been very easy to remove pork products when requested. This is where my opinion may differ from the masses: choose the tiramisu over the budino. Or have the tiramisu for dessert and order your budino to--go (this is our usual approach). I am sure you will have an incredible time just make sure to book 4-6 weeks ahead for primetime dinner spots. Otherwise, bring your patience and wait for a first-come-first-serve bar seat.
Torn between 5 and 4 stars, went with 4 due to the cramped conditions, the stupid little metal chairs which looked and sat like they were taken out of the trash of an elementary school, and the constant banging of the back of my chair and shoulders by servers/buspeople/patrons squeezing past me getting in and out.  Also, the service was bipolar, from feeling we were a  necessary evil for the evening that we HAD to be waited on, to the fun, decent recommendations and explanations of a menu item in question.

But the food carried this place.  Very, very good, and repeat.

Upfront: We snacked on the wild mushroom bruschetta with taleggio cheese, roasted garlic, speck (Italian cured lean pork), olive oil and balsamic.  This was so tasty, a little messy, but a perfect compliment to early conversation and the first sips of wine.

Small plates: We split everything and each dish had plenty to share comfortably for 2.
The grilled octopus with sopressata, fingerling potatoes, olives, roasted peppers, cucumbers, herbs and lemon was simply amazing, with the octopus and sopressata so tender, the whole dish delectable.  The pan seared gnocci with pancetta, little cut-up pieces of heirloom Italian butternut squash and royal trumpet mushrooms was equally fab,

Larger plate: The pork chop special surrounded by a foie stuffing was absolutely the best pork chop and accompaniments I ever had.  The glazed pork was cooked a perfect medium and this chop was the most tender chop off that little pig that I could ever think possible.  We added a side of brussel sprouts seared and served with pancetta, pickled chiles, and grated caciocavallo cheese slightly melted with breadcrumbs on top.   My friend stated that the brussel sprouts, being only pan seared, were a little too tough to chew.  I kind of agreed but the complimentary flavors and textures on the plate of the cheese and pancetta drew me to really like this dish too...give it a 4 star rating.

Dessert: The Salted Caramel Budino, end of story.  Read about it in any mag, and certainly in other reviews of Barbuzzo.

The place was packed with various ages of fun people, including me and my most attractive friend ;-), and the noise level, although very high, never bothers me, just makes me talk louder. :-)
Having dined at Barbuzzo twice, I now feel ready to write a review. My first time there was for lunch, and I got the pizza margherita. It was easily one of the best gourmet pizzas I've had in Philadelphia, and probably even on par with great gourmet pizzas in New York. (Alas, Philadelphia's pizza unicorn, an excellent NY-style slice, remains elusive.) It was late spring and my group did sidewalk dining, and while a bit cramped for space, the service was great, and overall I really enjoyed it. 

My second Barbuzzo experience was for the current run of Restaurant Week. I went with my husband, and the restaurant was packed, but we were lucky to get counter seating ahead of our reservation. The service, again, clearly on point and everyone was great throughout the evening.
The dining experience was pretty excellent. The one slightly off factor of the evening for me revolved around the theme of salt (I'll get back to that later). The pre-appetizer ricotta drizzled with olive oil and balsamic vinegar, served with grilled bread, was simple and amazing at the same time. I can imagine a life where I'd have that for breakfast every morning and be a very happy girl. 

For the first course we both got salads, early fall and roasted beet & kale. I don't usually like kale salads so I got the former, but I actually ended up liking the kale salad more so we traded. My husband claimed that it worked because he liked my early fall salad better anyway. (BUT DID HE REALLY OR WAS HE JUST SAYING THAT?)

For the second course I had the trout, which was served with fregola and salmoriglia. This is the first item where "salt" was sort of a thing for me. Where was it? Maybe I like my savory food saltier than most, but I had to hold myself back from requesting a salt shaker from our server. The pan-seared gnocchi, on the other hand, must have been amazing. I was just two bites into mine and when I looked over at my hsuband's plate it was already clean. He was able to get it without the guanciale (nice that they offered a vegetarian-friendly modification).

Lastly, the dessert. This is the second place where salt is a thing for me - too much! I know everyone else loves the salted caramel budino, but depending on the spoonful, I wasn't sure if it was a dessert or a thick savory sauce. I really wanted to love it so I'm kind of bummed; some spoonfuls were REALLY good, but I'm at a bit of a loss as to all the love everyone else seems to have for this pudding. My husband got the chocolate hazelnut pot-de-creme and loved it, noting that it was rich and delicious. 

So by the end, I kind of felt like even if he was just pretending to like the early fall salad more, my husband was so enthralled with everything else that I feel a little better about taking his. Seriously, that kale salad and the ricotta pre-app were the best parts of the meal for me, and I would definitely order both again. There will almost certainly be an again because this might be my husband's new favorite Philly restaurant.
Made a lunch date. Mostly in it for the salted caramel budino. 

Woke up that morning. First thing I thought of was salted caramel budino.

Felt a sense of pleasant anticipation throughout the morning, eager to meet my beloved salted caramel budino again.

A vegetable plate thing was an excellent first step towards salted caramel budino. It had broccoli rabe and brussels sprouts and it was wintry but light, quite nice.

Then I had a mushroom pasta. I don't know what's with me lately - I'm not into mushrooms, but I keep ordering them. Maybe I should bring this up with my therapist. Anyway, the sauce and the fresh pasta and the crema stuff on it were fantastic. I love the pizzas - chewy, flavorful - too. I think I would enjoy them even more if I didn't get budino brain every time anyone so much as mentions this place - I just have a hard time focusing on non-budino anything when the budino's around.

At some point, I wondered aloud whether I'd been overhyping this dessert. My friend said she'd let me know.

Finally, the moment came. In a more literal sense, the budino arrived. IT IS SOOOOOOO GOOD. My friend took three bites, sighed, and said it was the best dessert - no, the best food - ever. I agree with her completely. 

Barbuzzo has a lot of things going for it, but especially THE MAGICAL BUDINO.
Don't get the pizza. 

That's right: let me be a lone wolf here and say that, IMHO, the 'za here isn't as extraordinary as maybe its built up to be. Actually, I thought it was pretty unmemorable. When I asked our server which of the vegetarian options he suggested, he encouraged us to try the "Zucchine" (zucchini, cherry tomatoes, red onion, garlic, caciocavallo, pistachio pesto, and squash blossoms). It was pretty greasy, and relatively sparse regarding the toppings: not a single squash blossom, and very little red onion or garlic. It was mostly just a marghertia pizza. Which is fine... but not what I wanted.

That was the only blip on an otherwise spectacular dining experience at Barbuzzo, which I plan on coming to every time I'm in Philly now. Despite the seating (tables are small and packed in very, very close to one another), the atmosphere is sexy. Dark colors, warm yellow lighting by Edison bulb-type fixtures or candle light or wood fire oven, and just a very cool buzz/vibe happening. Dunno if it's physical location or the people coming here, but... I want to be Barbuzzo's level of cool.

For drinks, we got the pitcher of red wine sangria which was wonderful for two people to split!

For food, we (thoroughly) enjoyed:
+ Seared Snap Peas: if a garden could choose what the fruits of its labors would go on to do with their lives, I think it would want them to be this salad! What an amazing bite of food this was; earthy, yet light, and a bit of smokiness from the char. I could have just eaten this and been entirely satisfied.
+ Spring Pea Arancini: I'm not sure, but I think this changes regularly. When we came, it was five fried to golden perfection, mouth-watering balls topped with preserved lemon aioli, parmesan, and pea tendrils. I've never had such lush arancini before. Some of the best I've ever had; and, looking back, I wish I had gotten a second order of these and skipped the pizza. 
+ Salted Caramel Budino: you had to know this was coming! Hate to sound like a broken record, but... hands down THE BEST DESSERT I'VE EVER EATEN ANYWHERE. I am sorry I decided to share with someone. After one bite, both my dining partner and I realized we should have gotten our own (we felt this way about the arancini, too). We also debated pretty heavily about ordering budino to go, decided not to, and spent the next day talking incessantly about the regret of that decision. Creamy, salted caramel crystally, chocolate crunchy, vanilla velvety, and all around epic. 

Do yourself a favor: go to Barbuzzo. Make their budino the star of the show, and work your way backwards as to what you'd like leading up to it!
It's no secret that the GF and I love Barbuzzo. Other than the tight seating, there really are no qualms or quibbles about Chef Marcie Turney's mainstay Mediterranean restaurant. 

So when a friend of ours was leaving Philly for Colorado and I heard she had never been to Barbuzzo, I knew we had to stop in for a final lunch.

Shaved Apple & Brussels Sprout Salad [$8]
Red quinoa, toasted hazelnuts, pecorino-lemon dressing 

We started off with a shaved apple and brussels sprout salad. I'm not the type for roughage or rabbit food, but being with two ladies, I had to oblige. This was surprisingly hearty, with the bite of the red onion and the acidity of the lemon dressing helping to brighten up each bite. The pecorino added some salt, with the toasted hazelnut bringing about some texture. 

Burrata & Grilled Broccolini [$10]
Speck, marinated peppers, pumpkin seeds, pangrattato, warm prosciutto vinaigrette

One of our favorite dishes was the burrata and broccolini. The bitterness from the greens complemented the savory saltiness of the speck, and creaminess of the rich burrata could not be denied. The pepitas and bread crumb "pangrattato" offered texture, while the marinated peppers provided an additional level of acidity that was nice. 

Chicken Goose Liver & Foie Mousse [$10]
Plum jam, marcona almonds, pear aigre doux, crostini

Goose liver was actually on feature here rather than chicken liver and I appreciated the surprisingly clean flavors and smooth texture. Along with the plum jam, the agro dolce pears were expectedly sweet and sour, providing an appropriate balance to each bite. Marcona almonds provided some additional texture, along with some richness. Plenty of toasted crostini were provided to scoop up all of the deliciousness.

Barbuzzo Burger [$12]
Big Joe's secret spice rub, house pickle, french feta, red onion, gem lettuce, smoked garlic aioli, brioche bun

The ladies both enjoyed the burger, which was moist, juicy, and seasoned well. The french feta added some enjoyable funk, while the house pickle providing some sweet crunch to each bite. The accompanying rosemary fries were on point - crisp, tender, and served with an addictive garlic aioli. 

Roast Turkey Sandwich [$11]
Braised pork belly, gorgonzola, roasted pears, grainy mustard aioli, baby gem lettuce, foccacia
 
Obviously I went with the roast turkey sandwich. Not so much for the roast turkey, but for the advertised braised pork belly. The braised pork belly was actually just a smoky and crispy bacon. It was served between two slices of deliciously greasy focaccia, with the roasted pears providing a countervailing element to the meat. The turkey itself was juicy and moist, but braised pork belly this was not. 

Salted Caramel Budino [$8]
Dark chocolate crust, vanilla bean caramel, sea salt
 
Obviously, we had to introduce our friend to the budino. What else can I say that I haven't already said - it's a favorite, with great coffee-caramel notes and a perfect interplay between salty and sweet.

Warm Lancaster Apple & Raisin Chocolate & Almond Bread Pudding [$8]
Bourbon glaze, caramel, cinnamon gelato

We also decided to enjoy the other dessert on offer, which was initially advertised as a apple and raisin bread pudding, but changed to chocolate and almond. The texture of the almond was much needed, because the rich creaminess of the bread pudding was at the forefront. This was an ooey, gooey mess of caramel and chocolate, with the cinnamon gelato providing a cool contrast to the warm bread pudding. 

There were a few inconsistencies with what was advertised on the menu during this particular Barbuzzo lunch service. Regardless, what was offered was undeniably delicious. And for that, I forgive thee and ye shall remain a favorite of ours.
First dinner rez in Philly did not disappoint. Was seated very soon after arriving. Didn't care much for the flickering street light, not good for those who can suffer from this sort of thing. 

Ordered a nice glass or Sangiovese and several items to try.

The beet kale salad was incredible! I love kale and red and golden beets, the dressing, cheese and nuts were super delish. This is a must order in my opinion.

Ordered the spicy pizza and butternut squash gnocchi, then proceeded to dip my pizza crust in the sauce - sooooo good!!! The pizza is so tasty, and they say you can tell a good pizza by its crust this crust was super yumm.

The items came out at a staggered rate and a bit slow but it provided time to enjoy the atmosphere on a Saturday night. 

I skipped dessert since I was getting something from elsewhere but everything was perfection here. 

The best meal I enjoyed in the city this past weekend.
We almost didn't order the sheep's milk ricotta and that would've been the WORST MISTAKE of my life. 

Order:
- Sheep's milk ricotta. Honestly I want to go back tomorrow for more. It's off the mf chain. Creamy cheese, herbs, evoo, glaze alongside the most rustic crunchy (but not hard) bread. 11/10 stars. 
- Salted Caramel Budino. Don't think twice just order 3. 
- veggie burger was really good. Good portion comes with fries, though I got salad instead. The burger itself had a Mediterranean twist to it, with hints of mint. Yum. 

Heard the burger was good but not something to freak out about. Service was quick (Thursday late lunch hour). It's pretty dark inside but we grabbed a table outside. 

Recommend!
It's no secret that I'm a Restaurant Week skeptic, especially since San Diego's Restaurant Week is mostly an excuse for restaurants to serve downsized, hastily prepared plates. 

However, it just so happened that my sojourn to Philly coincided with *their* version of Restaurant Week.  I had a reliable source (I'm looking at you, Michelle C.) who tipped me off that Barbuzzo's three-course prix-fixe ($20) lunch was one of the shining stars of the Philly Restaurant Week circuit, so I had to check it out.

I wandered into Barbuzzo and it was completely full of people.  Luckily they were able to squeeze me in at the bar overlooking the open kitchen.  It's a long and narrow space, with lots of woods and rustic details (and a really big wooden pig statue, because worshipping at the altar of swine is all the rage at restaurants these days, apparently). 

Honestly, all of the items on menu sounded mouthwatering.  Here's my course-by-course run-down:

**COURSE #1**
Sheep's milk ricotta with figs, olive oil, and bruschetta.  Absolutely heavenly, and my favorite item of the entire meal.  The ricotta was sweet and salty and creamy and rich and airy and I just don't have enough adjectives to describe it!  I could eat that ricotta all day, everyday.

**COURSE #2**
Grilled branzino with mushrooms and farro.  Some of the best fish I've had in a loooong time.  The crust on the branzino was delicious, while the fish itself was moist and tender.  The mushrooms and farro were also cooked exceptionally well.  (Side note: farro may be my new favorite grain.  I need to be eating more farro, stat.)

**COURSE #3**
Salted caramel budino.  This is probably the closest thing that Barbuzzo has to a signature dish, and now I know why.  It's sinful and sublime.  The layers of thick, dedacent caramel, chocolate, and cream are to die for, and the addition of fresh sea salt makes for a really cool spin on traditional flavors.

The service at Barbuzzo was also outstanding.  My server kept perfect care of me, but what I appreciated was not being rushed, despite it being packed solid.  Barbuzzo's food and atmosphere are meant to be savored, and it's easy to linger there.

Barbuzzo... You do Restaurant Week right.  I can't wait to be back.
One of the best meals we had this year! Overall ratings: 5 for location, atmosphere, food, and service, maybe 4 for value because it's a tad expensive, but totally worth it.
We were in town for the election and ate at 10 PM following the President's rally at Independence Hall. The place was packed, and several people sported buttons associated with the campaigns. So it was pretty electric to start.
Beautiful space, comfortable tables although it's crowded, you are basically hearing every word uttered by the people at the next table. Noise level is almost perfect in today's noisy way: restaurants seem to strive for a high noise level that grants intimacy to your conversation, it's too hard for you to hear each other let alone for others to hear you. At Barbuzzo, We could easily hear each other and the table next to us, and after that, it's all loud white noise. Not complaining, it was actually good. Only complaint: the place is so dark, and the table candles so tiny, that both of us had to use our iPhone flashlights in order to read the menu. 
We reserved through OpenTable and were seated immediately. We saw delicious looking pizzas on other tables, and despite both of us trying NOT to eat pizza, we had to try it. Thank goodness we did! We got the simple Margherita pizza, which really shows off a restaurant's ability, and show it did. Amazing. Scrumptious. Perfect crust: crispy, chewy, flavorful. Like few others. Burnt in a good way obviously made in a very hot oven (wood fired?).
Beer and wine selection outstanding, someone obviously put love and attention into this. A wine special was an Austrian red, which my wife had: delicious. I had a Sierra Nevada pilsner, again, amazing. Both of us immediately thought of the delicious beers we enjoyed in Netherlands and Germany that tasted so different (and better) than what we get here in the US, and this had that same distinct wonderful fresh flavorful taste.
I got a burrata salad (grilled heirloom carrot, pickled rainbow chard, arugula paesto, marcona almonds), amazing, and unlike anything I've had. Wife had chestnut agnolotti (heirloom squash, roasted celery root, sage brown butter, shaved chestnuts) that tasted sweet. She was crazy about it, I found it sweet but no matter, it was delicious. Closed off the evening with decaf cappuccino (her) and another beer (me). 
I can't wait to return here. Well done Barbuzzo!
Bar Buzzo my Bar Buzzo what can I say. My first visit and I am in love !!LOL.This place was recommended to me by the front desk of the hotel I was staying at and I am so glad I stopped here. No pics needed they wouldn't capture my excitement. Place is crowded and a wee bit cramped but that didn't deter me from enjoying the octopus dish.
Easily one of the best meals we've ever had. EVER.

My fiance and I were looking to spoil ourselves with a nice dinner on our last night in Philadelphia. Barbuzzo sparked our interest because of a three-day special prix-fixe menu we saw advertised in some of the windows on 13th street (even though we ended up ordering off of the regular menu). We made our reservation for that same night through Yelp/OpenTable.

The ambiance is sexy, dark, & intimate. I felt like there were several other couples on dates around us, but there were also a few tables of 3-4 guests (I would imagine that it's difficult to get a reservation greater than 4 people in here). We ordered two glasses of Vinho Verde white wine & got down to business. Our server recommended that we order 3-4 plates to share between the two of us. Each small plate comes out when it's ready, so we ordered 4 plates & left the experience up to the chefs. Here's what we ordered, in the order that they came out:

1) Burrata & La Quercia Proscuitto
2) Caciocavallo Stuffed Meatballs
3) Grilled Bronzino
4) Pan Seared Gnocchi
5) La Colombe Espresso Tiramisu

--------------------------------------------------------------

The Burrata & La Quercia Prosciutto turned out to be my absolute favorite plate of the night. I didn't really know what to expect in a dish of grilled peaches, hazelnuts, basil, & balsamic vinegar. But one bite and I was blown away! The saltiness of the prosciutto, the silky cheese, the sweetness of the grilled peaches, the crunch of the hazelnuts ... I think that if I've ever had a perfect, complete bite of food, it was in this dish. Just amazing. Do not pass this one up!

My fiance insisted on the Caciocavallo Stuffed Meatballs. Made with a mixture of shortrib & pork, with just a little kick, and served in a pair with a nice tomato sauce. I thought that they were really flavorful, and a great dish overall, but not much different than normal meatballs (I'm Italian, so I'm biased that my family's meatballs are the best ever. Always). My fiance LOVED them though! I probably wouldn't order them right away, but I wouldn't be disappointed if someone else at my table did :)

Grilled Bronzino was my second favorite dish (and my fiance's #1). It has everything I love: potatoes, lemon, shaved veggies, & one perfectly cooked piece of fish. This dish is so fresh & light, but still so flavorful! It was almost like a refreshing intermezzo between dishes hahah. Even the beans -- which I don't usually like -- were tasty! The bronzino flaked nicely, the asparagus & zucchini was light & slightly acidic, & the salt-roasted potatoes were soft on the inside with a slight crunch on the outside. So good, and definitely recommended. I could probably eat this every day.

Our last dinner dish was the Pan Seared Gnocchi. This was, by far, the richest plate we tried. It's almost a shame that it came at the end of the meal, because we couldn't finish it! The gnocchi was large, soft, and incredibly tasty. The gnocchi was served with a mixture of roasted tomatoes & corn. The tomatoes were a surprise hit -- who knew that a "garnish" would be given so much attention? My fiance stole almost all the tomatoes, but I didn't mind because I loved the corn hahah. The dish was very, very good and I would order it again, but only if I was very hungry (or I ordered less dishes overall). We really wanted dessert, so we had to leave about 1/3 of the gnocchi on the plate. So sad :(

The Tiramisu was everything I hoped it would be. I'm so glad that we saved room for dessert! The fresh whipped cream was light & creamy, and the crushed amaretti cookies were absolutely perfect. For a late night dessert, it was the perfect amount of coffee flavor without knowing I'd be awake for the next 4 hours. The tiramisu was just the perfect ending to an amazing dinner.

--------------------------------------------------------------

Like I said before, our meal at Barbuzzo was easily one of the best meals my fiance & I have ever shared. The food was amazing & it felt like we were having a real dining experience! We were amazed at the creativity of the dishes & the combinations of flavors. I would recommend making a reservation at Barbuzzo the next time you're in Philly -- you won't be disappointed!
Barbuzzo perfects the art of unpretentious dining with small plates that quite literally blow your mind within the first few bites.  

While everyone, including your correspondent, loves the salted caramel budino, the dark horse is the butternut arancini - muddled cheese and squash balls, fried to perfection.  I was fighting my girl for the leftover pesto sauce!

The warm beet salad should not be missed, there are few places that get it as good as these guys do.  I've always loved citrus in my salads, and the whole thing goes very well with pretty much anything else you're consuming.

The calabrian greens were aight, not particularly inventive.  I just like super dark greens, so it was a personal fix.

Clearly, there's much more exploring to be done.  The location is very cool, a great first date option in my opinion.  And even if you don't like the somewhat cramped quarters, your date might get the hint and snuggle up, yaknowwhadimean?
About 6 friends have recommended this place to me (plus 1 friend who said it was overrated) but DANG. it sure was good. TRY THIS PLACE!
and if you don't have a reservation for dinner, just get there by 4:55pm (opens at 5) and they usually have outdoor seats available. (however, i don't know what will happen now that it's starting to get colder)
Just call ahead to make a res to be safe.

Food:
-sheep's milk ricotta: wow. so darn good. creamy. cheesy. the balsamic works wonderfully w/ it. bread was great too. you can ask for more. don't be shy.
- beet salad: not a huge beet fan so it was good but not amazing to me, but my friend really liked it. very fresh. i liked the cheese around it too
- caciocavallo stuffed meatballs: it didn't live up to the raving reviews i saw on yelp for it, but it was still really good. i liked that the sauce had a little heat to it #spicy.  if you like meatballs, you should def try this. delicious
- asparago pizza: wow. the most unique item we tried. the asaparagus, egg, truffle oil, bacon... all worked together really well. delicious, smooth. a bit heavy but i would eat it again any day
- pan fried gnocchi: BEST DISH OF THE NIGHT. wow. ive had really good gnocchi, but i love how the pan fried added that nice crunch to the outside but still kept the inside beautiful. i don't remember what sauce they used but it was so good. i'm drooling. 
-budino: this dessert.. hmmm this also was VERY good but didn't live up to the hype. it's very rich and i loved all the layers; however, my friends and i agreed that the caramel layer was way too much for our taste. we ended up scraping some of the caramel off and then it was better.

Overall, that was amazing food that everyone should try. DO IT. JUST. DO IT - shia labeouf
just call ahead to make a reservation
Wow what an amazing experience. Decadent food, good service, a little pricey but worth it for a nice dinner. A solid 4.5/5 Came with 3 people and shared each dish family style and I'm glad we did this - portions are small, but each dish was very well done.

FOOD: 
- Snacks/spreads: Highly recommend the roasted bone marrow. I'm an avid fan of any bone marrow, which goes well on the bread and sides they provide. If you haven't had this before and you are of the carnivorous variety, you'll greatly enjoy this dish.

- Salad: Roasted and raw beat salad: Also very good with a delicious pesto that I was practically wiping up with my finger at the end.

- Pasta: Pan seared gnocchi: by far my favorite dish. Wow the flavor combination was something I've never had and it was my favorite next to the bone marrow. 

- Plate: Portugese clams: I've honestly had better clams, but still a solid dish. I would've preferred it a little more salty and more saucy to dip with the bread. 

DRINKS: We shared the sangria between 3 people. A little small, but enjoyable light drink to go with our dinner.

SERVICE/AMBIANCE: service was very attentive and quick. The ambiance was a little loud and crowded, but we didn't mind. We had a good time here.
Made a reservation and it was a beautiful night so we sat outside on the sidewalk. As people walk by the comment on all of the great things they've heard about Barbuzzo...and they aren't wrong. 

Sitting outside may not be for everybody since the area gets quite busy in the evening. There is a constant stream of people walking past and and in between the two rows of tables. I however thought it was great and didn't detract from our dining experience since there were just two of us at a small table.

We ordered a bit of everything, and I can honestly say I enjoyed it all. The highlights for me were the branzino and the highly recommended salted caramel budino.
Barbuzzo is decent, but we arrived for our first visit with heightened expectations due to our friends talking up the experience quite a bit. I guess that's a key factor in why we left feeling underwhelmed.

Granted, this is coming during the post-pandemic era, so we continually tried to convince ourselves that this was simply a result of understaffing, etc., but still...at nearly $300 with a tip, our table walked away disappointed (including our friends who were fans and had convinced us to try Barbuzzo). In a city full of excellent restaurants, any subpar meal is going to easily standout.

Anyway, our server really didn't bring her A game, but looking around, it seemed like they may have only had two servers for all of the outdoor tables, so she was clearly overwhelmed. Still, there was no personality, no excitement, and really very little service. Things like water weren't refilled, and for a table of 4, a single bottle disappears quickly. We're okay with a bit less attentiveness, but this swung way too far to the inattentive side of the spectrum. I'll still try to give her the benefit of the doubt, though, but it's a shame they can't staff enough to handle the volume they're willing to seat.

Dining outside at this intersection is always going to be interesting, so you'll definitely need to keep that in mind. If you know, you know, but if you want to dine in a less chaotic environment, sit inside. We can't knock them for the environment since we know what we're getting into when dining on 13th Street, but when nothing else seems to be hitting the spot, not being able to have a casual conversation with people at your table because of the surroundings is magnified.

All of that aside, we really felt like the food fell flat, overall. The meal started out well enough. The ricotta is excellent, as well as the beet salad. I could've been happy just ending the meal there! The pizza doughs were bland and thicker than we'd expect for wood-fired/Neapolitan-style. The meatballs were pretty good, but also quite pricey for 2 meatballs. They were fennel bombs, and I love fennel, so that was a win. The sauce with meatballs was the best red sauce at the table, as well. They should really be listed under their snacks section, though. The pastas were hit or miss. The actual squid ink pasta was excellent and perfectly al dente, but the overall dish ended up being a bit bland. The pan seared gnocchi was quite good, great texture, and lots of flavor, but the Tufoli was a completely flavorless disappointment. It was surprising, as we've enjoyed some of the other establishments from this group, but despite some good dishes (especially the beet salad), nothing stood out as something that had us thinking, "we can't wait to return!"

The dessert was okay. We had heard all about the Budino, but the caramel was quite bitter. Perhaps that's the level of caramelization they're chasing, and it was partially balanced with the full spoonful of flavors, but it wasn't enough to bring us back. The tiramisu, served in a plastic cup, also didn't leave us excited. It was okay. A fine texture, but mostly an ordinary tiramisu that my tiramisu-obsessed self could've gone without.

So, overall, I'm sad to not be able to give Barbuzzo a higher rating. Our expectations were high, and obviously the industry is struggling to maintain it's highest highs of pre-pandemic, but considering how many restaurants are still crushing it consistently, Barbuzzo still needed to provide a better first impression. Perhaps we'll return when the world gets back to normal and the industry is back to its best. The ratings and reputation that preceded our visit has me optimistic that we simply came on an off night, but it'll be a while before we gamble again. Hopefully next time it's as good as all of these great reviews I'm seeing. Cheers!
High priced small portions-worth every penny. Do NOT miss the *** section of write up 

First, it took me a few calls to finally get a reservation, so plan ahead. When I did call and get one, the lady on the phone was awesome and squeezed us in so I'm already happy. 

Pig popcorn - Pork rinds are normally disgusting, but not here and not with the dip they provide, yum! 

Gnocchi - Perfect, best I've ever had 

Meatballs - Delicious and rich flavored. The gravy was excellent 

Grilled Octopus - A splash of tang, nice taste 

Cheese Plate - Just enough to almost hook you into buying another plate 

*************************************************************************** 
Their signature dessert - Salted Caramel Budino, hereafter, "Win cup" has changed my life. And from my initial take, the following may or may not apply: 

-You might die from happiness after eating win cup 
-Win Cup could be used for field dressings but may stain fatigues 
-Win Cup is illegal in some states due to the instant "love potion" affect on women 
-Win Cup can silence a crying child 
-After eating Win cup, you may experience "Chernobyl Effect" where your body melts down from within and you can no longer eat because nothing will ever be as satisfying. 
-Secondly, minute men may rush you more delicious Barbuzzo food in attempt to extinguish the "Chernobyl Effect" but will fail miserably, even with more Win cup, it's that much win. 
-Chuck Norris eats two Win cups with each visit 
-Chuck Norris is immune to "Chernobyl Affect" 
-The secret recipe of Win Cup may cause World War III 
-Win Cup will make you nicer for 20-32 seconds 
-People who you do not share Win Cup with may be angrier for 20-32 years 
-Do not stare directly at Win Cup 
-The original Manhattan Project was to create Win Cup, nuclear fusion was a less spectacular discovery 
-Dogs and diamonds both hate Win Cup, because Win cup is your real best friend 
-Refusing to eat all of your Win Cup may cause irreversible hysteria 
-Win Cup would have broken Ghandi's hunger strike 
-Do not taunt Win Cup 
-Winning the World Cup, Stanley Cup, Commissioner's Trophy, and the Vice Lombardi Trophy are 33.3% (repeating of course) as awesome as eating Win Cup 
-The Congressional Win Cup of Valor may be presented to the most elite Yelper in 2014 
-Dropping Win Cup in water does not produce more Win cups, it produces Philly's finest to mercilessly beat you for wasting Win cup 
-Giving Win Cup food after midnight will result in Judgment Day 
-Win Cup does know what Willis was talking about 
-McGuyver, Jessica Landers, Mattlock, Columbo, Kojak, and the Scoobie Doo gang (with Harlem Globetrotters) could not solve the Win Cup awesomeness mystery. 
-Win Cup can cure communism 
-A Sherman tank, Hannibal's elephants, an aircraft carrier, an angry protest mob from San Francisco, a Spartan phalanx, Rob Reiner, and a legion of ninjas can not stop the power of Win Cup.
-Win Cup can cheer up a sad panda
-There is viral, meme, and then there is Win Cup 
-Win Cup cannot protect you against shark bites, bear strikes, and children under 5 
-Win Cup can end religious conflict 
-If Mayor Nutter approves of Win Cup, he will instantly be reelected, for life. 
-Do not refrigerate Win Cup, it can't get any cooler 
-Nostradamus couldn't have predicted the badassary of Win Cup. 
-Oprah, J.K. Rawlings, the Queen of England, the Oil Sultans, Martha Stewart, Warren Buffet, and the jerk Walton family are worth less than Win Cup. 
-The "Win Cup Affect" is when you eat a bite of Win Cup and forever change the future, the Butterfly Affect is just a tragedy 
-Resisting Win cup is futile 
*Your experience may differ*
Don't you hate it when the critics are right?

The food was among the best, if not THE best, I've had in Philadelphia. I enjoy the Amadas and Tintos of The City of Brotherly Love, but it's not unexpected anymore. I can go to Sabrina's five days in the same week, and be cool with that, but when you want a real, sensual dining experience Le Bec Fin again and again isn't gonna cut it. 

The atmosphere is lovely, and the people might seem haughty, but are nice enough. And the food is sublime. I literally used the serving spoon to enjoy the gnocchi...so that I could swizzle down more of that divine sauce with the perfect little potato puffs. Yeah, I did that. 

Of note was the potato leek risotto and the pig popcorn, which my true love says is rather ordinary for the South, but I done never seen it before. And Jesus Christ, oh yes, a little to the left and YESYESYES the desserts were orgasmic. 

I can't wait to go back, try more pasta and other pizza -- the sausage was a little spicy, but the doudh was right on kinda chewy -- but probably skip the meatballs. 

The downside: it's really expensive for what you get. Worth it? Yeah; the pasta's better than Mercato's, though I''ve yet to try Branzino's, and on par with the pasta excellence that is Giorgio's on Pine.
Holy Shit/Duck Balls. I feel compelled to write this review while the memory is still fresh in my mind and the food is still being peristals'ed through my intestines. 

I literally just tried to wash my coffee mug in the bathroom sink instead of the kitchen because I'm still so distracted thinking about how spectacular this place was. 

I have been meaning to come to this place for a good few months now. It was first casually mentioned to me but as time went on my desire to patronize Barbuzzo climaxed and I insisted my brunch-eating-bloody-mary-drinking-yelping-BFFFFF join me to sample this place last night. 

I made a reservation for 7:30, we fashionably walked in at 7:35.  I immediately spotted our table, set and ready for the presence of our bodies. 

Ambiance is dark with a soft lighting. Crowded and noisy in an, inviting sort of way. 

I immediately perused the drink menu. Tons of cocktails, wines, and great beer draught and bottle list. I went with the Sanguinello (vodka, blood orange puree, chambord, lime) and T-money ordered the French Farmer (St. Germain elderflower liqueur, champagne). 

Sanguinello was HUGE and hot pink. Perfectly refreshing without being too sweet. I did feel the amount of ice in the glass was excessive. I didn't ask Tina about her drink directly but she ordered another one so I guess that means it was good.

To start, Tina and I painstakingly deliberated between the wood roasted feta and the ricotta. The waitress suggested the feta on the grounds of a more diverse flavor profile. I like flavors. The feta was warm, smooth, with olives and some red shit I was unable to identify. It was also unexpectedly spicy, in a "my mouth is surprisingly on fire and I don't know why" kind of way. Investigation into the menu indicates the red shit is "roasted fresno chiles". Fair. Accompanied by grilled bread slices with an evoo glaze. The dimensions of the slices resemble more hot dog rather than hamburger shape. 

If you take a peek at the menu you're going to fucking die because everything on there looks orgasmic. We didn't want to restrict ourselves to just one entree each so T-monster had the brilliant idea for us to order a pizza and pasta to split. For the pasta, we settled on Tufoli (zucchini, peas, broccoli-lemon pesto, hazelnuts, parmesan). By "settled on" I mean I decided on this while I was perusing the menu in my bedroom, alone, about an hour before leaving.

The pasta was al-dente to perfection. That fucking pesto sauce was spectacular, immersing heaps of green vegetables with the occasional crunch of a hazelnut. Teeball pointed out that the structural integrity of the zucchini was maintained despite the tendency of zucchini to become soft and soggy after having been cooked for a while. I was able to detect salt as a prominent component of the flavor. I feel over salting is a cheap way to make something taste good. Having said that, I would still order this again without hesitance.  I impaled those noodles with my fork like cavemen must have impaled wooly mammoths. 

For our pizza choice, we ultimately went with the Uovo (brussel leaves, 1732 guanciale, secret white sauce, parmesan, fior di latte, truffled farm egg). I don't know what 50% of that shit is either but it sounds dope anyway. We went with Uovo because I felt that it was a signature Barbuzzo offering. Tina suggested we leave off the meat due to my vegetarianism however I decided to leave it on after research into what in god's name 1732 guanciale is revealed it "melts in your mouth". Yes, I am a vegetarian that very occasionally indulges in bacon. It is still a free country (at the time of this publication). H8ers gunna h8.

After no crumb remained on the pizza pan and I scooped up remaining stray sauce drips, I was faced with the impending doom of the realization that the meal was over. Desperately clinging to eating, I ventured into the realm of the forbidden and proposed ordering DESSERT. Holy shit. Tina was "too full" but I couldn't take no for an answer. I went with the salted caramel budino to go. 

At home, I ripped open the bag, unscrewed the jar cap, admired its contents and dug in. There's three layers: cream, caramel stuff, and this like chocolate gravel-y stuff on the bottom but who fucking cares it was absolutely mind-blowing.

Let me tell you, the food was quite possibly one of the best things I've ever had the pleasure of introducing to my intestinal flora. Easily better than sex. Because this claim is subjective and relative, I asked Tina at one point in the evening. She looked off into the distance for a moment and I could tell she was genuinely contemplating the inquiry. Her eyes met mine and she replied, "yes...yes it is." 

(Not to mention the service is absolutely wonderful as well. Ok bye.)
tl;dr one of Philly's heavy-hitter restaurants, raising the bar for Mediterranean-inspired tapas and packing one of the best desserts in the city

Take a stroll down 13th Street, from Market to Spruce, and you can't go half a block without passing one of the eclectic establishments curated by restauranteurs Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran. While all of them pack a fun flare, Barbuzzo is the best of the bunch. This is evidenced by the difficulty snagging a table without a prior reservation, even on weeknights. Whitewashed brick and a marble bar welcome patrons into the sophisticated, yet rustic atmosphere. During peak hours, expect to wait a few minutes before a host leads you to your semi-polished wooden table and stainless-steel chairs. Barbuzzo pulls out all the stops, with waiters pouring water from green glass carafes and passing out newspaper-esque menus. Like the eccentric decor, Barbuzzo serves up Mediterranean food with a chic twist.

During this past week, a friend and I enjoyed a lunchtime visit. Service was punctual and knowledgeable as always. We shared the Sheep's Milk Ricotta, the Seared Bronzino, the Grilled Lemon-Oregano Chicken, and the Salted Caramel Budino. The robust flavor from the fresh ricotta was emphasized by the modest seasoning of just sea salt, balsamic, and olive oil. I ran out of crisp, toasted sourdough before finishing my ricotta, and our server happily brought out more. The bronzino was plated with a fresh radish garnish and a vibrant green pesto salsa verde. A touch of capers added the perfect compliment to the accentuate the perfectly-cooked fish. The half-brick chicken was juicy and flavorful, served with a hearty mushroom-cauliflower farro. And the budino -- this is what dreams are made of. It wouldn't be an overstatement to say that this is one of the very best desserts in all of Philadelphia. I actually am shocked time and time again by just how scrumptious it is. Served in a mason jar, each bite has a blast of sweetness from the vanilla bean pudding, complimented by the perfect ratio of sea salt caramel and chocolate crisp.

For well under $50, you can enjoy one of the best meals in the city. If you haven't been here already, run -- don't walk -- to this amazing establishment.
A haiku to profess my love for barbuzzo:

Sheeps milk ricotta
Salted caramel budino
Return visit soon.

Seriously, this restaurant will be high in my must-oft-return list. 
the dishes that i had were good, the presentation is quite nice, the space is friendly, accessible and tasty wine and drink list, and i love the counter where i can watch the cooks at work.

they need to work a little on the temp of their wood burning pizza oven.  and please stop charging for bread.  

simple elegant food.  the ladies of 13th st have done it again.
Very, very solid 4 stars!!  My wife and I took in dinner here while on a staycation to Philly on a Saturday night.  We arrived about 5 or so and it was packed to the gills and were told the wait would be about 90 or so minutes if we wanted to eat inside, but there was a table outside, so we decided to forgo the wait, and eat outside.  They have 8 or so tables outside on the sidewalk as do most of the restaurants in the area do... So, lots of foot traffic between the tables and as you eat - no big deal tho!!

So, we were greeted fairly quickly by our server and she went over a few things.  Very professional and courteous.  We ordered a couple apps:  Sheep's Milk Ricotta and Roasted and Raw Beet Salad as well as a pitcher of Red Sangria.  Both apps were very tasty and were definitely unique!  The Sangria was strong and yummy on a hot day.  Our main course, we ordered their Margherita Pizza, with wood roasted mushrooms.  Pizza itself was a tad small for the price ($16, or $13 w/o the mushrooms) but it was good, however, it didn't scream come back to order me again and seemed on par with other brick oven pizzeria's that I've been to.  We did see other pizza's come out that looked better, and we quickly thought "We should have ordered that one!"  lol...

All in all, the two apps, sangria and pizza ran us just over $75.  Prices, in my opinion, were a couple dollars too much for what you received, but the food was very good and you won't go wrong with this restaurant. Highly recommended!!
Great food! 
Great service! 

Clean! 
Covid responsive! 
Temperature taken at the door!
Plenty of seating and space! It was more like ten feet apart! 
There were bottles of hand sanitizer at every table. 

Favorites:
Whipped Ricotta 
Octopus Salad!

The Margarita Pizza was also delicious! The meatballs are done really well, and if you like pork in your meatballs, than these are a must! The sauce is amazing!
We paired everything with the Bordeaux Sauvignon Blanc, and that turned out to be an EXCELLENT CHOICE! 

Great cappuccino! Apple Cinnamon Bread Pudding is to die for!

Cannot wait to go back to try the rest of the menu!
My friend and I made a reservation for 5pm, and although it was quite empty when we arrived, it soon filled up.

The cheese board was tasty, but to be completely honest I don't know that much about cheese. However, I thought there was a good balance between the textures (crunchy nuts, toasted and soft breads) and the salty & sweet (apple slices, grapes, and the cheese itself).

The roasted bone marrow was AMAZING. Not only was it beautiful (two aggressive bones on bread with pickled veggies atop a huge block of wood), but also just so rich and filling. I would have whittled a flute out of the bones after I was finished and played a little tune if I could.

The pan seared gnocchi completely changed my view about gnocchi. The texture was wonderful - each bite provided a piece that was seared, intact, and absolutely creamy when I pressed it against the roof of my mouth. The sauce it came in was liquid gold.

The stuffed meatball was massive, and a little on the greasy side. This was the last item to arrive, but my friend and I were already stuffed by the time it came. We ate a couple bites each, and the leftovers made a nice pasta sauce.

The sanguinello (vodka w blood orange) was not too sweet, but with the richness of our dinner, I wish I had gotten a beer.

Overall, an amazing place with even more amazing food!
Definitely a Philly favorite! 

The interior is dimly lit, and somehow both sophisticated and cozy (v small but feels intimate). It's one of those places where you can dress somewhat up or down and still not feel too out of place. The servers are friendly, efficient, and knowledgeable. It can get really busy easily, so I would definitely recommend making a reservation. 

I can't remember all the things I've had here, but the pizzas and salads (esp the beet salad) have been excellent. I've also tried their bone marrow, which was a new and tasty experience. They are also known for their salted caramel budino as a dessert (very rich and filling), but I don't think the dessert is a must by any means. The prices all seem very reasonable for the whole mid-upscale experience. 

In the over 5 years I've been in Philly, I've never heard anyone not enjoy dining at Barbuzzo, so it's a reliable recommendation for a delicious and positive experience. I can attest that I too have thoroughly enjoyed my visits here.
Cyndy's Bottom Line:  One of the best pizza outside of Italy.

We had a wonderful lunch at Barbuzzo.  Everything was so delicious and reminiscent of Italy.  

This is what we ate/drank:
*CINGHIALE pizza made of san marzanos, smoked fior di latte, marinated ramps, pickled chiles, house made wild boar sausage, basil.  The pizza is served with dried oregano and chili oil.  The dried oregano was so fragrant and adds to the pizza.

*ANTIPASTI plate from the Chef's bar.
HONEY ROASTED CARROTS - radicchio, parsley, crouton, black garlic carrot vinaigrette
SPRING PEA ORZO - english pea, pickled ramp, preserved lemon, ramp pesto, mint
HUMMUS - fried chickpeas, extra virgin olive oil, parsley
GRILLED TRUFFLED ASPARAGUS - raw shaved asparagus, toasted hazelnut, parm
PAN SEARED SNAP PEA - pickled raisin & beet, preserved lemon
ARUGULA PESTO - garlic, parmesan, basil
EGGPLANT CAPONATA - braised fennel and celery, toasted pinenuts, balsamic vinegar
MEDITERRANEAN OLIVES
For one of first dates, I took the GF to Barbuzzo. At the time, I was a fairly new transplant from NYC, but I heard that Chef Marcie Turney was doing great things on 13th Street. Having eaten here more than a few times now, it's clear why Barbuzzo is the heart of the Turney-Safran empire.

So on a recent date night, the GF and I returned to Barbuzzo - I asked for Chef's counter seating on Opentable, but alas, we were relegated to the cramped 2 tops - the one downfall of Barbuzzo. With most tables you'll practically be on top of other diners - a problem when you order like I do.

Sheep's Milk Ricotta [$10]
EVOO, vin cotto, herbs, sea salt, grilled french country bread

A la Andrew Carmellini's Locanda Verde, the sheep's milk ricotta here is just as good. With almost a burrata-like texture, the ricotta was creamy and topped with olive oil. The dash of subtly sweet, acidic vin cotto with some sea salt was just right. The accompanying char-grilled country bread was the perfect vessel for the ricotta.

Roasted Beet Salad [$9]
Young goat cheese, grapefruit, tuscan kale, pistachio pesto, sherry vinegar

The ubiquitous roasted beet salad was punched up with pistachio pesto and the addition of sherry vinegar, which helped to perk up the kale. The grapefruit provided brightness against the subtle sweetness of the gorgeous beats and the tang of the goat cheese. Glad the GF pushed for this.

Roasted Bone Marrow [$10]
Crostini, persillade, celery-parsley salad, lemon

The GF was aghast, but she knew deep down this would be a given. The marrow was roasted nicely, with the persillade providing garlicky herbaceousness to complement the acidity of the pickled red onions - perfect to provide that countervailing element to the God's butter. The celery-parsley salad added some freshness as well.

Braised Short Rib [$17]
Parsnip puree, roasted grapes, celery heart salad 

The short ribs were pull-apart tender, with the rich savoriness balanced by the subtly sweet parsnip puree and the roasted grapes. The celery heart salad made a reappearance, providing some texture and freshness. 

Parsnip Ravioli [$14]
Pecorino, thyme, pine nuts

The GF was in heaven with the parsnip pasta. Not overly sweet, the parsnip innards were complemented by the brown butter and salty pecorino, which helped to balance the salty and sweet elements to the dish. Perfectly formed pasta had nice bite, with additional texture provided by the addition of the pine nuts.

Butternut Arancini [$9]
Crispy butternut squash risotto balls, sage pesto, grana padano, smoked blue tractor farm honey

We also went with the Italian rice croquettes, which were nicely crispy, filled with al dente risotto. The sweetness of the butternut squash was accentuated by the honey. This was all balanced by the salty Italian cheese and the savory sage pesto.

Uovo [$16]
Brussel sprout leaves, guanciale, secret white sauce, parmesan, fior di latte, truffled farm egg

Barbuzzo was also the first restaurant the GF had an egg on a pizza and fell in love (possibly with me as well). While there may have been a bit too much crust on this particular rendition, there was decent leoparding and the ingredients within made up for it. The truffled farm egg brought forth heady scents and flavors that didn't overpower. This melded nicely with salty guanciale, mozzarella, and the creamy white sauce. The brussel sprout leaves helped to add savory herbaceousness to each bite.

The accompanying chili oil and dried oregano helped me make good headway with the abundant crust on this pizza.

Salted Caramel Budino [$8]
Dark chocolate crust, vanilla bean caramel, sea salt

And all meals at Barbuzzo should end appropriately - with a salted caramel budino. This is pure genius, highlighting why salt and sweet are perfect juxtapositions in a dessert. The richness of the vanilla bean caramel is heightened by the crystals of sea salt, with the duality in textures represented by the crusty dark chocolate and the quenelle of light creme fraiche. 

Service is great as well - our server William was particularly on point. I do have to point out that oftentimes it's the diners that are in the wrong. A table directly to our right was despicable - crude jokes complemented by knocking back three rounds of drinks within 10 minutes apparently equates to leaving a piss poor tip at the end. This was all while having their server cancel food orders right before they were about to come out. At Barbuzzo, you'll receive great service and amazing food. Lesson of the day: enjoy the food, but don't be an ass!
Phew, I've been busy, Yelp. Did you have a happy New Year? Good.

I actually went here last month for my birthday. My associate and I got a reservation at 10:30pm on a Saturday, right after the Koresh Dance Co's 20th anniversary show and I was (successfully, in retrospect) battling a cold.

Anyway, the way the place was decorated reminded me a lot of Noble, which is to say I liked it a lot. Nothing too flashy, and a good mix of earth tones (and a shade of green here or there) and candle light.

For starts, a cheese board with crusty bread everything helpfully paired with either honey on a comb or some kind of chutney. If I remember, that plate was 15 bucks and well worth it to not get fat, but also feel like you're eating something substantial. After gaining 8 pounds this Winter, all you need to know is that this is the kind of food I could afford to eat far more often. 

We also got a plate of olives which were, well, olives. You can't screw those up, and they go well with everything.

The butternut squash ravioli was also a surprisingly tasty. If something can be both dessert-like and savory at the same time, this was it. Try it!

After that, we had some sort of fried risotto balls that reminded me of fancy breaded mac and cheese... so, that was awesome. I would go again just for these.

As an aside, I had an order of the meatballs because everything else we ordered was veg-friendly. They were some sort of pork/beef mixture or something, with a tomato basil sauce with melted mozzarella on top, all served on a cast iron skillet that's still cauterizing temperature when it comes out. Very basic, but also very good.

To finish off, we had the salted caramel budino, which was insanely sweet, and I don't think I could have it again for a year. Don't get me wrong, it was good - but seriously. Sweet tooth. I felt the diabetes creepin' on my pancreas after three bites.

All of this came out to... about 70 bucks. Needless to say, considering what I'd heard about this place, I was shocked that I wasn't out my beer money for the next couple of days. Score!

Our host and waitress were both very helpful. We actually relied on the latter a lot to guide our choices. After we were done ordering, she actually said "that might be too much," to which I responded, "I might smack you in the mouth for sass-talk!" Just kidding, I just plain smacked her in the mouth for sass-talking. Seriously, though, she was super helpful. And no, I didn't smack her in the mouth.

I'll definitely be back. No, not to smack anyone in the mouth. Unless they deserve it... for sass-talking!


Pro-tip:
Call ahead for a reservation. A week ahead. Maybe even a fortnight. The place isn't huge, and no one is lying about how they had to call way in advance. Don't make me raise my smacking hand.
We came on a Saturday night around 7:30 pm and was able to get a spot in about 20 minutes. They are definitely packed so I would highly recommend making a reservation if you want indoor seating. They also do walk-ins but you have to be there to put yourself on the waitlist - and you'll probably get an outdoor uncovered spot. 

Their menu changes overtime. I was looking at some Yelp pictures but most of the dishes they don't have anymore. We got the whipped ricotta as appetizer, Tonnarelli Nero and Maiz pizza as entrees. Everything was so unique and delicious! I've never had egg & corn on pizza before and who knew that would be an amazing combo? the squid ink pasta was also interesting - it had chili sauce as the base. First bite I was a bit confused but the more bites you take the better it gets. 

And of course you have to end your meal with a salted caramel Budino. (Italian pudding). It tasted like if cheesecake and banana pudding had a baby. 

Can't wait to go back again to try different food!! Highly recommend - the place is also very ideal for a date night.
Barbuzzo, all the reviews & stars? I had dreams & wishes; I came for a stellar meal on all fronts. I got hit & miss. The hits were extraordinary, & the misses were frustrating for the price & hype.

Disappointingly, the lunch menu did not offer the variety of creative options for which they're known. We made do, but w/ a 3-star outcome.

MISSES  *  *  *

Whiskey -- I let my server choose my whiskey. It was some label I didn't know (menu doesn't list them so I can't tell you), & I should have asked for a taste before committing. He did let me know it was a "lighter taste" but delivered this info salesman style, & I bit. It was whiskey's answer to a light beer, ick. Not for me.

Sheep's Milk Ricotta -- I trekked around Spain & Portugal last year sampling the best non-cow cheeses they had. With that experience relatively fresh, I gotta ride against the tide about this "ricotta." I am no ricotta aficionado, but what I was served did not remotely resemble the Italian go-to for lasagna & cannolis. Barbuzzo ricotta had very little flavor, & was more the texture & taste of a dull cream. The healthy pour of balsamic vinegar & sprinkle of herbs didn't help it. The cheese should speak for itself, especially if it's the titular component of the dish. The bread was nothing special either, a hunk of carbs laden w/ butter, & I could only take two bites before feeling like I was stuffing myself w/ worthless calories. This dish, which so many rave about, was just a total fail to us. Sadly, my husband finished it for the cost, but had we not paid $12, we'd have left it.

Roast Pork Sandwich -- Our original intent was to split our mains, but the pepper on the pork was so hot, I could not stomach it. My husband enjoyed it when thinking of it as simply a lunch sandwich, but when I asked him how it compared to the typical Philly HRP staple, his face fell. It dawned on him that this is the clever hipster tricky chef version of the old standard. In that light, his retrospective was, "It doesn't compare." If you're going to take on the HRP in Philly, & I mean smack in the MIDDLE of Philly, then you gotta respect the rules of the tradition. The non-roll was NOT acceptable. The pork itself was very roast beef style, nope dude. I can't even go on, it was just an insult to my Philadelphical sensibilities. 'Twas a goof-azz attempt on one of this city's finest crafts.

HITS  *  *  *

Tufoli w/ Sunday Supper blah blah blah -- Okay, cheesy bs names aside, the Tufoli rivaled the best pasta I have ever had. Of all places, my top pasta of all time was had in the former Casa Frattini, in Paddington, London. Back when, it was run by an Italian family (citizens of Italy, living in London), who had Mama in the kitchen rolling pasta by hand, & they'd literally run out on their scooter to fetch a melon for the prosciutto. Yes, I have been to Italy a few times, & it was still that pasta in London that reigned for me. Anyway, until Barbuzzo, Frattini's pasta was the best I ever had, but this Tufoli was to die for!!!!!! I swear the tomato tasted like the freshest, most flavorful you could ever have on caprese, in raw form, but it was cooked. I was seriously having a weird moment looking at cooked tomato but tasting the best raw flavor ever! It was magic! The pasta wasn't exactly the chew texture I'd like, but the taste was spot on, I knew I had something pretty special in my mouth. The meat ragu promised in the title was nowhere to be found, frankly, but it was not missed for the freaky-awesomeness of the pasta + toms! YUM!

Salted Caramel Bundino -- Sooo we thought we'd share this, & it is annoyingly small, but if it had been larger, I still think another would have been necessary. I took one bite & told hubs he'd have to fend for himself & order another b/c there was no way I was giving up half. So this is sweet in all the right ways, w/ a contrast of creme fraiche on top to give a tinge of sour. The layers all work, cookie crumbled on bottom, sweet creamy moussey fluffing in the middle, & luxe silky caramel doing its thang on top. Really addictively good. I seriously would have been snappy if my husband did not get his own b/c those portions are NOT enough to satisfy you on that flavor trip.


SERVICE  *  *  *

Our server was ohhh-kaaaay. He was professional enough, got us through the meal, but was MIA at the end. I think it was a shift change & he was itching to leave. That was annoying enough, but it felt like the whole staff's attitude was, "Yeah, we're great. So what else is new?" This is "we" as in the individuals, as well as Barbuzzo the entity. Cocky, my friends. Cocky.

OVERALL IMPRESSION  *  *  *

This place is really 3.5 stars, but the value was not great, so I am gonna round down here. (I spent $85 for the prerogative to give this rating.)

BIG thanks for the pasta memory! It was a food moment of a lifetime!
Barbuzzo is the place spotted by us on Yelp. With over a thousand reviews, delicious-looking pictures, and high ratings it seems like a place you absolutely have to visit in downtown Philadelphia.

My boyfriend attempted to make an online reservation a couple days ahead. There was barely anything available. Book ahead of time! Eventually, he managed to get us a 5:15pm table and for that I'm really grateful because this place is absolutely magical!!!

Even though it is really small on the inside and you get seated really close to strangers, I still felt the intimate and romantic atmosphere. Service was excellent and really attentive. It is recommended that you order two courses per person but we found that a pizza and two courses were more than enough for the two of us. That being said, we missed out on the salted caramel dessert everyone is recommending :( it looks amazing on the pictures and i hope I get to try it someday. 

Overall, a great find downtown. Hopefully we'll be back soon!!!!!
I walked in on a busy night to grab a seat at the bar. The guy host was amazing he helped me keep looking for a seat and even had the bartender put in my order until I could grab a seat because I was in a hurry. I had the gnocchi it was amazing!!
Boy, I am loving the re-birth of local food in Center City!  I was in the city with a VIP colleague and I wanted to take her somewhere for lunch that a) wasn't a chain, b) wasn't the Reading Terminal Market but instead c) captured the Philly Food Vibe well.  Oh yeah, she's a vegetarian too.  Enter Barbuzzo!  

We stopped in and immediately loved the vibe - cool, hip, warm and very on-trend.  Both of us ended up with the 'sampler' platter and we thoroughly enjoyed it.  Some standards - roasted beets - and some unique turns on root veggies such as carrots mixed with fennel and roasted in olive oil.  YUM.  

Service was moderately attentive, and pleasant.  My one star off?  I hate the size of the tables.  There's small and then there's teeny.  We could barely get both of our 'sampler' plates on there with drink glasses.   It felt just a wee bit too tight for comfort.

Other than that, I highly recommend for anyone wanting to experience or show out of towers our blossoming food scene, especially if they're a vegetarian.
"oh.my.god." - this is the phrase me and my friend mike uttered after almost every bite we took at Barbuzzo.  This was seriously one of the best meals I can remember having in a long time.

We shared everything and started with the sheeps milk ricotta and fett' unta - not something I would have ordered on my own but my friend (and executive sous chef) told me it was a must have - and it was.  Next we ate a short rib special that came with lentils and greens - really good as well.... but the prize goes to the uovo pizza - which comes with an egg on it and is cooked in a brick oven and has a 'special' white sauce (brussel sprouts, truffel, blah blah blah).  sooo good, you must get it if you go.

Mike and I were told several times we just HAD to save room for dessert and we did,  so should you all I can say is: salted caramel budino.  get it.

Mike and I sat at the bar in front of the kitchen and saw everything being prepared, another plus.  The drinks were awesome, we both had sidecars and he had a mojito - which he said was delicious.  All the wait staff were over the top helpful and friendly - it was just a really over all great experience. You would think that for the quality you're getting here the prices would be way higher, but for some reason everything was extremely reasonable.  

Barbuzzo is almost always packed though so go early, make a reservation or be prepared to wait - but if you do have to wait its totally worth it.  Just Sayin'
After dining here for dinner, I think it's good to reflect on Barbuzzo, beyond its budino dessert. 

Must get: any pizza, tonarelli nero, shortrib, tomato toast
Meh: octopus, roasted bone marrow sausage, beet salad, bread pudding
Missed: arancini, fico pizza, gnocchi

Having lived just one street away from this iconic spot for an entire year, we were getting a little tired of constantly being unable to get a reservation online. Fortunately, that streak ended on a Sun evening, where my friends and I were finally able to dine at Barbuzzo. As for location, you can either choose inside, where it's fairly dark, linear with a high chance for the room to get super loud, or outside, where you'll just have to contend with drivers constantly trying to parallel park next to your table. As for food, when it's good, it's really freaking delicious. My favorite, by far was the tomato toast: imaging a sourdough grilled to perfection, yet soft and chewy from all of the butter and mozzarella cheese balanced with a perfect blend of tarragon, oregano and pesto. Compliments to the chef! The pizza was also a close second, with our selection of the evening to be the cavofiore. While the cauliflower/mushroom to dough ratio was less than ideal, I absolutely loved the chewy crust with the fresh oregano sprigs and hot (not really) chili oil.

Despite these star performers, there were few other plates that failed to live up to their expectation, thus reducing the overall rating. The biggest disappointment was the grilled octopus, which had a disappointing quantity of the rubbery fiend, which itself was sad. The bread pudding had so much potential, in fact the goat cheese icecream was so much better than the brick of bread pudding underneath. The bone marrow sausage looks fancy, but doesn't really stand out.

Overall, the food was great, but there were too many duds to make this place worthy of a full 5-star legendary status.

Food: 5 star
Price: 4-5 star
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Here goes my first 5 star review that did not precipitate directly out of my overwhelming bias for sweets... Why is Barbuzzo perfect?

We had made plans to systematically visit every restaurant within a reasonable distance that offer marrow bone for the benefit of our crazily spoiled dog. For this purpose we tried to make a reservation for 6:30 on Friday but they didn't have anything in the vicinity on OpenTable. We ended up calling but they told us the only way to make a reservation was through their website so that's a no go if you kids were thinking of trying. 

We showed up anyway on Friday just to see if we could be squeezed in. The three of us landed an imperfect corner spot at the bar but that hardly discounted from what we were about to experience. I was put in charge of ordering and I went with:

Fico Pizza: this was by far the gem of our meal. The figs were so sweet and soft, the gorgonzola and the vinaigrette made for a tangy, creamy, grainy, sweet and savory perfection. The arugula, which was warmed by the pizza, was a great fresh green to add a little peppery bitterness to the mix. Topped with generous piles of salty, fatty prosciutto, this pizza had my sister and I discussing it hours after the meal.

Roasted Marrow Bone (OF COURSE! says the puppy): we were happy with it, but our dog was ECSTATIC. In the span of 2 hours she worked away at least 20% of the bone from the edges and has not lost interest in it in the days since. 

Carmelized Cauliflower: I hadn't planned on ordering this, only substituting it for the chicken liver mousse at the last minute after numerous protests from my dining companions about how full they already were and how they didn't want many overwhelmingly rich items (in addition to the marrow bone). It turned out to be the biggest hit with the others at my table though I wasn't as taken. It was sweet from the roasting and the big sheets of shaved cheese and the lemony dressing substantiated and brightened the dish. 

Grilled Octopus: I ended up liking this manifestation of a charred/grilled octopus salad more than others I've had elsewhere. I liked that it was cut into bite sized pieces and littered into a slaw-like preparation of celery and other vegetables so that the brininess of the octopus could be utilized without being overpowering.

And, there are SO MANY things I want to come back and try. I wish I could keep going until I get sick of it but I'd hate to seem like a weirdo.

*

I just want to add that our bartender/waiter was FANTASTIC. When I wanted a different beer after my first, and he happened to be pouring the same, he handed it straight to me. I know it doesn't matter much but it is nice to be catered to immediately. We also asked if we could wrap the marrow bone for our dog in the middle of the meal, and he gave us a paper bag and went to find us some cling film to wrap the bone with. I love anybody who is accommodating about pet-related requests. My sister wanted hot water and he offered her lemons. The Boy specifically requested an old fashion on the sweet side as his "dessert drink" and our bartender made it to perfection. Overall, he was just very approachable (read: not excessively chatty but Very accommodating) and made us feel perfectly okay with all our random requests. I only wish I had gotten his name so I could write it here!
DELICIOUS!!

Came here for lunch with an opentable reservation. The staff was super friendly and helpful. Everything on the menu looked awesome. It's honestly the perfect size. Not so many choices that I'm overwhelmed (too much freedom is hard for me..I get indecisive), but enough variety that everyone was satisfied!

SHEEPS MILK RICOTTA ($10) 
-extra virgin olive oil, vin cotto, herbs, sea salt, grilled country bread
-delicious, so creamy, balanced by the balsamic vinaigrette.
-love the crusty, thick slices of bread

CACIOCAVALLO STUFFED MEATBALLS ($11) 
-house ground shortrib, pork, oregano and calabrian chile
-so caciocavallo is some sort of cheese curd that is super interesting and delicious!! These meatballs come with more of the yummy grilled country bread, they are so tender and wonderful. I basically ate this as my meal, along with the soup of the day

SOUP OF THE DAY ($6)
-this was the one thing that didn't blow me away
-it was cauliflower beet soup the day I came, there just wasn't enough flavor for me. I had to add extra salt, but even then it wasn't that good. Felt strangely watery and not creamy/hearty/rich which I was hoping for, oh well! the croutons were nice though

CAVATAPPI ($13) 
-smoky sunday supper pork ragu, farm greens, buffalo mozzerella and basil
-I heard this was the best pasta, and it was delicious!
-perfect amount of sauce, cheese, and the greens really lightened it up!

BARBUZZO BURGER ($12) 
-big joes secret spice rub, house pickle, french feta, red onion, balsamico, gem lettuce, brioche bun
-super good burger, tender, flavorful, medium rare, love it!
-they give a really generous portion of fries, which makes me happy :)

SALTED CARAMEL BUDINO ($8) 
-with dark chocolate crust, vanilla bean caramel and sea salt 
-The Salted Caramel Budino!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Okay, first of all, I love jars so the fact that I get a free jar with this dessert makes me even happier. Second, the caramel budino is SO GOOD. The creme fraiche on top adds such an interesting note of non-sweet, slightly tart creaminess to the whole dessert. Get it. Get it. Get it so I can live vicariously through you!!
Definitely make reservations on opentable to this place otherwise you won't be able to get seated.

We got the Sheep's milk ricotta appetizer-really creamy and perfect with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. The only thing I wasn't a huge fan of was the burnt parts of the bread. One of them I really had to scrape the burnt parts off but the cheese hid the burnt flavor of the bread so I can't really complain.

The meatballs definitely were a hit! Great tomato sauce, nicely seasoned and spicy and soft- perfectly cooked.

The Asparago pizza was a very enjoyable white pizza minus the crust. Everything on it worked well, but I have to admit the crust was a bit chewy for my liking with again burnt edges. 

Finally, I have been waiting for the budino dessert for the longest time, and just have to say wow, it is amazing. The caramel was a tad too salty for me but paired very well with the fresh vanilla pudding. I recommend sharing this since it is very rich.

I would like to try the Tonnarelli next time which was recommended by our waiter who was awesome, working on just his third day. He held it together really well.
The chili oil served with a side of uovo pizza is excellent. The garlic, Brussels sprouts, excellent crust, and fried egg serve as a delicious accompaniment to some of the best chili oil I've had outside of Han Dynasty. I've been having dreams about this chili oil ever since my dinner here. This is in stark contrast to my usual dreams of being eaten by scary monsters. When I dream of the chili oil, we are working together to fight off scary ghosts while exchanging banter akin to your favorite cop buddy comedy film(but not Rush Hour because that series was really terrible and racist).

I'm a fan of the shortrib.
The octopus/calamari dish is OK.

The caramel budino is excellent and worth a ton of hype. The cookie at the bottom is a nice touch.
Actually ate there last year a few weeks after it opened, before it was on Philly mags top 10. Not going to get in to a super long review. All I really remember is all the food was outstanding. The budino  was out of this world. We also had the pig popcorn which was pretty good. I must say this style of food really inst my taste usually but everything was out of this world and the prices were very reasonable givin the great quality of the food. I'm anxious to go back again. 

You will feel a little cramped at first but if you have someone with you who can maintain a normal conversation you'll be fine. After a few minutes I didn't even realize that people were sitting so close.

Bottom line; If you haven't been here yet then you've made a huge mistake. One of Philly's best right here.
Barbuzzo lived up to the hype!

As a party of four, I was treated to an excellent meal at Barbuzzo, a destination I've had difficulty getting into due to my schedule.  This mid-week reservation was made three weeks ahead.  It was Wednesday and it felt like a Saturday inside this place!

The decor and service were great but let me just get to the food, the reason for the hype.  If you can't read the whole review I'll simply say, everything we shared in this meal was perfect and none of it was too familiar.  You understand quickly that none of this happens anywhere else.   I love that their menu is inventive and exciting to taste and there was not an over-familiar or clich'e morsel had.

The cocktails were great.  I had a cucumber margarita that packed a punch and enjoyed thoroughly.
Our server was very pleasant and concise and pretty much the perfect balance of friendly and informative, with speedy thrown in.  We initially ordered five things to share  and we expected to be hungrier towards the end, but the dishes were so rich and a couple in my party were not big eaters, so it worked out really well.

From the snacks and spreadables, we ordered the marrow bones.  These big halved bones were full of rich, delicous marrow and accompanied with plenty of crustini to spread it on, an assortment of pickled veggies to balance it off with and also some of their house-made bacon jelly that just about hit all the regions of the taste buds, possible!  This was rich like pork belly is rich, and in such a different way.  

From the salads, we enjoyed the roasted beat salad.  It wasn't at all like I had had before but we all enjoyed it immensely.  

From the slightly larger dishes (all dishes are medium and for sharing, like large tapas dishes, kind of) we ordered two choices.  The bronzino was a nice size filet on top of an interesting ancient grain called artichoke farro oven roasted tomatoes and arugula pesto among other things.  The layers of flavor made this decently portioned dish seem larger.  From our second choice of the Plates section of the menu, we enjoyed the steak.  This tender medium steak had hazelnut and tomato and the most seductive caramelized onions (marmelata) which was so good we ordered a side of grilled bread to enjoy the extras on! 

A friend suggested their pasta's are not to be missed so we ordered the Trecce (thanks Karen!).  This pasta was incredibly good. The hand made twisted pasta had an interesting combination of unique mushrooms (hen of the woods) arugula, and preserved lemon-walnut pesto and ricotta.  If that menu description sounds delicious, let me tell you, it's understated!  

When asked if there were desserts, our servers face seemed at once distant and in bliss. She clearly was recalling her own love affair with their desserts, especially the Salted Caramel Budino (puddin).  That alone would've been fine for a couple or group of three.  One of my party insisted on his own, so the three left shared another.  On top of that, we decided to order the Blood Orange Tiramisu.  The budino was worthy of legend.  YOU MUST ORDER IT.  The tiramisu, was just OK.  Honestly it was not dry and it was a  nice portion, but it was not at all as interesting as anything we had had this meal.  Tiramisu often disappoints and as a group, we agreed it was not flavorful enough to  be in such company.

Occasionally, i have such a great meal, I have to relive it via a long-winded review.  If you read this far, I hope youre as hungry as I am.
These girls know what they're doing. 

Barbuzzo is a great concept. They have a cute dining room with wooden table tops and clap board walls evoking a farmhouse feel. They have a cute little menu in a hand-typed font that chirps "We proudly support local farmers!" and a chalkboard that announces some of the local purveyors that night's menu items have come from. 

Even before you enter the restaurant every detail has been considered. Their website has cute little logos for all their now 6 concepts on the 13th street corridor, all with a stylized charm of the two little entrepreneurs who could.  This branding is further reinforced when you get there and all the business cards for the stores the Ladies of 13th street propagate are all lined up on the host stand (and in the bathroom).  

Other notable details: It's their first restaurant with a liquor license, and it serves until midnight every night of the week--great neighborhood appeal.  They were even so thoughtful as to open it right next door to another pizza/wine bar, just to be neighborly.

One detail they didn't seem to consider though, was the flavor. My two dining companions and I tried a total of nine dishes and only one achieved a verbal award of "good." That was the roasted beet and goat cheese ravioli ($13), which with it's crushed almond amaretti was good, but almost sweet enough to be dessert. 

Rarely did any of the dishes graduate beyond bland for me, and when the flavor was there, it was sadly monochromatic. Sardines that tasted solely of vinegar. Pizza that tasted solely of dough. Polenta that tasted like cream. It was all well presented, but for all it's showmanship, it lacked any real substance. Barely touched plates were whisked away by our server without any inquiry or concern that we hadn't each taken more than one bite. 

Barbuzzo was disappointing to me further because it seemed like their "local" support, was just another marketing ploy, with not much more than lettuces and herbs getting billing as sourced from a specific farm. (We asked our server if there were other local ingredients we were missing, but he didn't seem to know) Even the contents of their Vegetable Board ("Today's selection of farmer's market veggies") couldn't maintain a local purity, with their watermelon radishes being dressed with pistachios that couldn't have come from any closer than California. That dish in particular was a fail because 1 out of 3 of the veggies served on the board was also served as a side dish to a plate we already had, not to mention it was bland. 

The Ladies have done an admirable job of revitalizing 13th street, but have decidedly gone the marketing route to fortify a business plan that's feeling evermore Stephen Starr-esque; where it's all about the flash, and not about the flavor. Which is fine. There's certainly room for restaurants that pursue success in business and those that pursue success in craft, and looking down the lane, their tables were packed with people who didn't seem to mind contributing to the former.  

Like I said, these ladies know what they're doing. They've honed all the details at Barbuzzo to create a seemingly authentic experience, but it all just felt so disingenuous to me, and when you eat here you start to see quickly how the packaging belies the content.
I went to this restaurant to catch up with a friend over Sunday evening dinner. The restaurant has a very cool vibe but it is very small and was very crowded even for a Sunday night. Make sure you make a reservation if you want to dine here! All the tables are very close together and it was a tight squeeze to get into my seat. Despite that, I give the restaurant a 5 start review because the food was amazing. We ordered the sheeps milk ricotta, cauliflower pizza, and seared bronzino and shared everything. It was the perfect amount of food for 2 people. The ricotta was so creamy and rich! The cauliflower pizza was amazing and the bronzino was crispy and tender. I also ordered a negroni which was just ok. 

Overall, I think this place is a good date spot with very good food.
This place is always packed so a reservation is needed in order to dine here, especially during dinner time. They have outdoor seats on warm days, but very few so those are hard to snatch. The restaurant itself is quite cramped and narrow. Not to mention it's super dark inside! I had a tough time reading the menu and saw a few other customers pull out their phone flashlight. The service was efficient and our waitress checked on us frequently. 

My friend and I shared the stuffed meatball dish, which came with 2 giant meatballs stuffed with cheese. The meatballs were well seasoned, moist and pretty filling. We also ordered 2 pizzas: the Calabrese and the Uovo. The calabrese is red sauce based and came with spicy coppa. The Uovo is white sauce based and came with shaved asparagus and an egg on top. The calabrese was on the saltier side. The Uovo was probably my favorite out of the two because of the unique garlicky flavor that mingled with the asparagus and secret white sauce. The egg on top was a raw egg though so that really messed with my stomach afterwards. I wish they would've cooked the egg a little to spare my tummy. 

I was, however, not a fan of how burnt the pizzas were around the crust. The crust was so tasty, but the bitterness from the burnt spots really ruined it. They need to readjust the temperature or cooking method for the pizzas because eating all that burnt crust can't be good for us. 

I really enjoyed my dinning experience at Barbuzzo and loved the combination of ingredients that they used. However, I had to take off a star for the burnt pizza crust.
Marvelous!!! Burrata is to die for!!! Great greetings at the door even tho we didn't have a reservation they were kind enough to find a spot for us! Bravo!
After spending some time over at Reading Terminal Market, my cousins took me to Barbuzzo for a late lunch.  However, due to having a lot of awesome eats earlier at the market, I came in less than moderately hungry.  But, I pressed on and decided on trying their stuffed meatballs because they sounded awesome on the menu.

CACIOCAVALLO STUFFED MEATBALLS - with house ground shortrib, pork, oregano and calabrian chile -- http://bit.ly/15bnGR9

Definitely get the meatballs!  Even if you weren't too hungry like I was, they're totally worth it!  They were big, flavorful, stuffed with a ton of gooey cheese, and had a nice spicy kick to them.  And it came with a big hunk of Italian foccacia bread.  This was a small plate??  Didn't seem like one to me!  This can definitely pass for a full entree.

I wish I had came in with bigger appetite because everything on the menu sounded really good from their pizzas to their entrees.  And I definitely would've loved to have tried their famous Salted Caramel Budino.  Next time I'll for sure come back with huge appetite to try all that!!  Great restaurant and hopefully my cousins would take me here again!
I've been here a few times and have always left extremely happy with my meal and overall experience. 

Their cocktails are very creative and there are plenty of beer and wine options as well. I definitely recommend Barbuzzo to people who like to share plates. A few favorites: butternut squash arancini, whipped ricotta, their famous meatballs, and the beet salad. Their pizzas are also great.

You MUST get the salted caramel buddino. It is SO good!

The service has always been great, even when the restaurant is really busy.

The only complaint I have is that they only have after-work happy hour during the spring and summer. However, they do have late night happy hour available year-round.
We were really blown away by our experience with Barbuzzo. Unfortunately, we tried it for the first time during COVID, so we can't provide much insight to the more traditional vibes and atmosphere, but when we picked up our food, they really did a fantastic job with setting up seating options on the sidewalk. They are creative and safe, and it was busy there. Lots of deliveries getting pushed out and people picking up orders.  So before we even had a chance to eat, we knew we must be in for something good. 

The service was great, and very helpful. We were able to order our food for a specific pick-up time later in the evening, so that was convenient. 

I think one aspect that we loved the most was the variety in their menu offerings. They have full on meat entrees, pasta, pizza, veggie appetizers, etc. Everything we ate had so much flavor and despite it being takeout, the ingredients all still tasted fresh. 

My suggestion would be to start with a pizza, and then build off of there if you want appetizers and main entrees. We ordered the funghi pizza, which had such great texture with the mushrooms, and sweet taste with ricotta and red sauce, but also had a great kick with their pickled long hots. Just a great combination of flavor. We also got the whipped ricotta as an appetizer, and then the gnocchi and caciocavallo stuffed meatballs. The gnocchi is a standout dish - the light garlic white sauce was much more of a compliment than overpowering, and the shrooms/greens helped keep it light. 

Candidly, I try not to get too excited when it comes to meatballs having grown up with an Italian mom and enjoying her cooking, but these come pretty close and are on a totally different level. The serving comes with two, but they are HUGE, and stuffed with cheese, and their short rib and pork packs a punch!

We topped it off with the classic salted caramel budino! This is a MUST get. We would go here just for this dessert. It is the perfect combo of sweet and salty. 

Bottom-line...get this on your list of restaurants to try!
Dear Barbuzzo,

This is not my first time dining at your establishment.  The food, as I had recalled, was excellent, albeit slightly overpriced with European portions.  What stood out as remarkably different from previous experiences was the void between quality of food and quality of service.

We arrived early knowing they don't open until five, which is fine.  We weren't knocking on the door or peeking in rudely and yet the staff was avoiding us to the point of scurrying around us, avoiding eye contact, and even using different doors to not go past us.  They were scared, it would seem and hiding from us.  It is okay to be pleasant with customers that are waiting rather than ignoring them.

Once they were ready for us, one of the owners cracked the door lightly and ran back to the hostess stand rather than welcoming us in.  This dismissive air lingered throughout our meal like bad gas.  The server didn't once say "you're welcome" despite our politely thanking him throughout service.  The best we got was a "sure" out of him; and it was only once.

Basic manners are more important to me than knowledge of where your sheep's milk is sourced or what special kind of oregano comes on the side of my pizza.

When I'm spending over a hundred dollars on dinner I would appreciate pleasant service in a welcoming environment.  Their attitudes were as dim as the lighting. 

Sincerely,
Disappointed
3 years has been too long to return!  They really are my favorite spot in Philly.  The vibe inside is hip and urban, they're open late, the food is delish, and the prices are great. 

BEER:
Victory Summer Love - Though it wasn't the coldest of drafts, the pale ale had a nice, refreshing flavor. 

FOOD:
Sheeps Milk Ricotta - My favorite app was still as delish as before.  Mind you, I'm not a fan of the lumpy and grainy cows milk version, but the sheeps do a better job at this.  It's totally smooth and creamy like sour cream, and with the added herbs and pool of vincotta (an Italian condiment that tastes almost like balsamic vinegar) in the middle of the glob, spreading it over the grilled bread makes you smile and your tummy happy.  

Caciocavallo Stuffed Meatballs - My, oh my, can we add a 6th star to this place?  The only downfall of this dish is that there are only 2 on the plate.  The meatballs are a mixture of ground short rib & pork, and stuffed with some kind of cheese, possibly gruyère, then topped with tomato sauce and melted cheese.  The meatball texture was perfect, moist yet firm with a nice exterior crunch.  The flavors were ahh-mazing!?  Highly recommended and dish to person ratio is definitely 1:1!

Spring Pea and Mushroom Arancini - Arancini are bread crumb-coated, deep fried rice balls that are stuffed with a mixture of fillers.  Here, they add in peas and mushrooms.  The flavors were nice and subtle, but doesn't compare to the meatballs.  

Mediterranean Olives - A bowl full of green and kalamata olives were done in the traditional style but with a twist of added sliced almonds & fried rosemary.  Nice starter. 

Moroccan Mussels - The mollusks were cooked perfect and done in a mild sauce of tomatoes and herbs.  Good but nothing outstanding.  

SERVICE:
Our female server was smiley, professional and checked on us often. 

OVERALL:
Fun ambiance, amazing food, open late, great prices.
Stopped in to Barbuzzo for a quick late dinner on a Sunday around 9:30. To drink, I had the French Farmer which was a refreshing champagne and St. Germain cocktail and my mom had one of their special ciders. We ordered the duck arancini which were incredible. The duck was rich and flavorful with the perfect amount of gooey cheese oozing out of each rice ball when cut. The accompanying sauce was also very tasty and we pretty much wiped the plate clean. Next up was the also excellent roasted butternut squash salad. The squash was perfectly cooked and served atop a mix of honey and tangy yogurt then sprinkled with crunchy hazelnuts. It all just worked so well. We opted for the uovo pizza - a white pizza with brussel sprouts, guanciale, and an egg, and finished with a touch of truffle oil. The pizza was amazing. A beautifully unburnt and crispy crust with plenty of toppings without overloading the pizza. The egg was nice and runny and the crust was the perfect vehicle to sop up all the goodness. They also serve fresh oregano and an outstanding spicy olive oil as accompaniments to the pizza. 

Our server was very friendly and attentive. The restaurant is fairly small and cozy with an open kitchen. Honestly, there was not one thing on that menu that didn't sound delicious - Barbuzzo was a godsend for a last minute dinner!
Although many complain about restaurant week, I adore it...I've only had one bad experience out of many great experiences and find that it offers a chance for us to try restaurants at a reasonable price in an effort to woo us to come back again at a later date. 

Barbuzzo just recently opened so I thought it would be impossible to get in...wrong! I made a reservation about 2 weeks ago and got a table for 3 with no problem.

We arrived a bit early and were seated immediately in the back right next to the open kitchen. The atmosphere was a bit dark but warm and very cozy. Our waitress (I think her name was Megan...) was so friendly and took great care of us. She didn't pressure us or make us feel guilty about not ordering any alcohol, which tends to happen frequently during restaurant week. I also love how they leave a bottle of water on the table...and yes it's tap water so there is no extra charge!

We ordered all 3 first course items which included Chicken Liver Crostini, Boquerones Montaditos (a bruschetta with anchovies) and the Fava Crostini. They gave us 2 of each which was just enough for us to all try each one and they all were extremely fresh and clean tasting. I had never had chicken liver or foie gras so I was a bit leery about the first choice but I really liked it, as did both of my sisters! The fava crostini was my favorite though, very flavorful and similar to a hummus/pesto spread. 

For our second course we ordered the pan seared gnocchi and the roasted beet salad. I've always been a fan of beets but this salad was exceptional in taste and texture. The gnocchi were so light and fluffy and the smoked corn really added to the flavor. 

For our main entrée courses we ordered the Salsiccia Pizzetta and the Pacherri. The pizza was larger than I expected and was covered in arugula, olives and spicy sausage. It came out so hot that we couldn't touch it for a while. I also loved the addition of the chili oil and fresh oregano that comes on the side. The pizza was wonderful but wish there was some way to get the middle to cook a little more and not be so mushy. The Pacherri which was a pasta dish with pork ragu...oh my god....wow. This was my favorite of the night, pulled pork and pasta, does it get any better than that? 

At this point we are pretty stuffed but still have dessert on the way...we ordered one of each (Meyer Lemon Tiramisu, Salted Caramel Budino, Affogato). Our favorite hands down was the Salted Caramel Budino--it's butterscotch heaven! The next favorite was the Affogato which was similar to a milk shake with cookie crumbs and espresso and last but not least was the Tiramisu. It was really good but they could go a little easier on the caramelized peaches which were really tart. The desserts were definitely a hit with the table though.

Overall we had a wonderful experience and some great food with great service. I definitely recommend trying the Roasted Beets, Pacherri and the Salted Caramel Budino. I will definitely be back again to try out the rest of the menu, which by the way is pretty reasonably priced.
I'm not a fan of repeat dinners so close together  since there are so many great places to try however after my last review my food baby was stuffed to capacity ad I did not have enough room for the salted caramel budino. I was crushed because I really wanted to have something sweet after. Alas Sunday date day we bopped in hoping to find a seat at the bar or at the open kitchen. 
Open kitchen had 4 empty seats and we scooped up two right smack dab in the middle. Though I had already had two glasses of wine at tria I opted for a third ( WHY NOT ) the boy got a beer and we perused the menu. Since we had nibble on two cheeses and bread already we just went straight for entrees. I chose the pan fried gnocchi and my "date" got the margarita pizza. The first time dining here I didn't try it with the Chile oil that it comes along side but it was ah-mazing. The gnocchi's came out piping hot sans pancetta and were unbelievable. It was like eating small clouds swimming in butter. The apples gave the dish another form of texture which I am a huge fan of.

I shared my dish to make sure I had room for the budino. I had seen it created for a few other tables but the anticipation was killing me. One budino two spoons and orgasmic mmmm's and ooohhhhs followed !
Chocolaty cookie crust 
Some sort of creamy mouse 
The sweet caramel topping -
SEA SALT 
Each bite left me thinking about ordering another. I hadn't gymed it since Thursday so I blocked that thought and just savored the sweet bites.. until the bowl was empty.
Everything about this place is , except reservation availabilities... but it's easy to understand why! 

The staff is very attentive and patient with any questions you may have about the menu (example: how to eat bone marrow). Drinks are delish. Caramel cup dessert thingy is the best thing I've ever put in my mouth. I just love it here.
I came here on a Sunday night with my cousin. We were seated pretty quickly and the service was really good. We order 3 items which was the Margherita Pizza, Portuguese Mussels and the Pan Seared Gnocchi (pasta dish).



Margherita $13 4/5
San marzanos, house stretched fior di latte, basil and extra virgin olive oil-on a nicely seasoned dough. 
 

Portuguese Mussel $16 5/5
smoked Portuguese sausage, white beans, corn, garlic, Cambrian Chile butter, cilantro, spring onion all cooked with some fresh mussel. This dish also came it with two piece of garlic bread as well. My favorite dish outta the 3. 


Pan Seared Gnocchi $16 4/5
trumpet mushrooms, pancetta, red chard, truffle butter. Super tasty and full of flavor.
COVID Note: Staff was all wearing masks, booths felt safely separated

Loved our experience here!  We ordered the French Farmer and Blood Orange Mint Punch for drinks (both very refreshing) and got the focaccia, whipped ricotta, arancini, uovo pizza, roasted beet salad, and paella for food. I thought the arancini could have used a bit more flavor but everything else was perfect. The focaccia and beet salad are must haves. We all left so full and happy!
The food was pretty amazing. The significant other def enjoyed his sausage sandwich. My choice of the maiale pizza was simply delish as well. 

His sausage sandwich was delectable as he said it was one the best he has had. Plus, that thing was fairly large. The sausage was sort of salty imo, but it's just me bc I don't eat a lot of sausages. The crispy fries added a nice balance and was what I munched on mostly. Oh. Almost forgot about the sauce that came with this; it was super good!

My maiale pizza was pretty tasty. I loved the prosciutto on it as it provided some saltiness to the pizza. The arugula was a nice touch as well. With the seasonings and cheese, this pizza was divine. And like his sandwich, this was a sizable pizza too.

This place seems to be super popular and packed. I'd suggest making a reservation or wing it and sit at the bar.
Barbuzzo is cute in that sort of rustic barn way.  Barbuzzo exudes a charming mid-west classy candle-lit barn vibe. It's the type of place my friends and I would transform our hay lofts into after having a wild hoe-down.

In all seriousness, the Uovo Pizza is something delicious. The white truffled egg splattered in the middle of a sparsely cheesed pie flatters the mouth as much as the eyes. The dried oregano and spicy chili oil served on the side allow you to play with your food. 

The salted caramel budino is the pinnacle of pudding like substances, although its viscosity is slightly less. The thin sheet of caramel sauce on top lends an elegance reserved for lace-veiled brides. And the cookie crust at the bottom is something to battle over. It's chocolate and crunchy giving your otherwise smoothly decadent treat a texture your mouth can rally over.
This place is really great. I got a 9:30 reservation for a Saturday night and was super excited to eat here for the very first time. Located in an area surrounded by other hip restaurants and bars, so it's easy to hop around and continue the night.

It's a very dimly lit restaurant, which makes for a nice romantic dinner. My handsome dining partner and I shared the brussel sprouts, uovo pizza, and the campanelle pasta. All were delicious, my only critique is that the pizza was just a smidgen oversalted. After two glasses of wine, I was in my happy place.

Would I come back? Definitely. There are so many other things on the menu that sounded amazing!
Hands down one of my favorite places to eat in Philly. I've never had a bad meal here. 

The pizzas are probably some of the more popular items on their menu, and for good reason. The uovo and the pera pizzas are my personal favorites because the flavor combinations are just out of control. And the meatball and ricotta starters will take you to another world -- a true foodgasm (as my friend would like to call it). The portion sizes are nice for sharing, which is probably another reason why I enjoy coming here because I can always sample a little bit of everything. 

PS - Get the salted caramel budino. I don't care how full you are. Just do it and thank me later.
I've based this review on two cocktails and an appetizer.  I wanna go back.

My girlfriend and I stopped in here on V-Day for a quick drink and bite amongst our walking/shopping day around Philly on a beautiful, sunny Monday in February.  I had been wanting to try Barbuzzo for a while and basically, I could not get a reservation.  Fortunately there were seats at the bar.

I had a cocktail with bourbon, vanilla and cherries in it.  It was a really good drink and basically, it was a little ice with my bourbon.  She had a fancy drink with elderflower liquor and topped with champagne.  The thing tasted like the best Reisling or Gewurztraminer that I've ever had, except it was a cocktail.  Nice job on those.

We split the chicken liver and foie gras mousse.  Wow.  This thing was served in small glass jar with cherries on top.  On the sides were crostini brushed with olive oil and a small carrot/beet salad.  So rich, so, incredible tasting.  We ended up having to ask for more bread so we would not waste the mousse.

This place is a winner.  Now I just gotta get in here for dinner somehow.
It's a tapas kinda of place. Seems popular with locals - Had to wait an hour on a Monday night. Smaller portions for sharing. Tried red beet salad, pizza, gnocchi and pasta, everything had distinct flavors and simply yummy.
Thoroughly enjoyed this cute little spot in Philadelphia. The atmosphere is trendy and fun although we ate outside. Apparently you need reservations to eat inside. For a drink we shared the sangria which was very tasty. I had the goat cheese and beet salad which was delicious! We also shared a Margherita pizza which was average. There wasn't much to the pizza, not a lot of sauce or cheese. It just wasn't as good as  I would have expected. I would definitely return here for that salad alone!!!
Barbuzzo is always one of my favorites.  Had a great COVID-19 takeout experience last night.  Sangria helped us feel like these were normal times!  Thank you!
After much research, I decided to make a reservation here for my friends birthday. Thankfully I picked a winner! This place gets pretty busy in the evenings so I would highly suggest a reservation.

Given the limited space of the restaurant, the layout is neat with the concept being an open kitchen so good is served as soon as it's made. This makes the places great for parties that want to share their food and try a bit of everything (think tapas). 

We ordered the meatballs, roasted beet salad, salsiccia pizza, and salted caramel budino for dessert. Everything was absolutely delicious. The beet salad was fresh and had the perfect amount of cheese and dressing to compliment the dish. The meatballs were SOOOO tender. They did come out lukewarm though so I had to ask them to reheat it. The pizza was some of the best you'll find in the city as the bread was perfect and all the  toppings were fresh. The addition of honey was unique but fit very well. Last but not least the budino. THIS IS A MUST ORDER. Even if you're stuffed like I was, you won't regret ordering it. 

My only critique is that there was a long waiting period between when we got the beet salad to when we got the pizza and meatballs. I'm talking 30-40 minutes long. I'll give them a pass since it was busy, but I do think that is an area they can improve on. Overall, this is a must-try restaurant.
This was a cute, charming little Italian restaurant. The restaurant was small, so there was limited seating. My husband and I didn't make reservations, but were lucky enough to find a seat at the bar right away when they opened at 5pm. It is important to note, that even though we got there right when they opened, it was already booming, so if you don't have a reservation, be prepared to wait. The bartenders were great! They were both very friendly and attentive. We got our food and drinks in a timely manner. Looking at the menu, everything sounded very good. Before we ordered, we saw many entrees come out and they were on the smaller size. Since we were hungry, we each ordered a brick-oven pizza. I ordered the simple margherita while my husband ordered the salsiccia. We were both pleased with our choices. The pizza dough was soft and chewy. The sauce was full of flavor and robust. I absolutely loved it. I ate about half which was a LOT of pizza. We had a fridge in our hotel so I was all set for the next morning. We were very full, so we didn't get dessert after eating. I did end up getting the coffee though. It was so good, full bodied and strong. It was a great way to finish the night. Another plus, if you go to the bathroom, you will find cards for the local souvenir shops. They had quality gifts. Also, we had some strong suggestions for places to visit in the area from our bartenders who were super helpful. This is definitely a must try when you are visiting Philly.
Well, all I can say is, by looking at the other reviews, we are in the minority, rating wise.  

Nothing that we shared was better than "good", with one small plate (the bone marrow) even missing that target.

We had 5 "plates" with the grilled octopus being the best but overall they all lacked that "Wow" factor.  These included the Burrata (cheese) with wood oven roasted tomatoes and balsamic reduction; the Uovo pizza (brussel leaves, guanciale, with truffled farm egg) and the Pan Seared Gnocchi with seared wild mushrooms, shaved chestnuts, pancetta, and smoked mascarpone.  Presentation on each was beautiful but . . . .

The place itself is very lively, packed the entire night at both the bar and the tables.  The noise level is typical of Philly restaurants but not ridiculous.

The bill, before tip, with 3 beers came to around $85.  Sorry to say but we won't be in any particular rush to return.
Please stop in for brunch if you're in the area. The menu is very different than your normal brunchy items but it is so worth it. 

The whipped ricotta is to die for. I don't think I've had something so tasty thus far, I wish I knew how they made that because man I'd eat it all the time. My food item was the Autostrada and it was very good!
 
It seems like a very popular place, so please be prepared for a short wait. Don't say I didn't warn you haha. But they move pretty quickly.
(to the tune of "Wildest Dreams" by Taylor Swift)

He said "Let's get dinner this week
But let's stay in the city, don't care about the crowds."
I thought, "Good lord, I know just the place"
Haven't been in forever... but this is gonna taste real good.

The dim lights, it's cozy as hell
They do Mediterranean well 
And with that tartare, our meal it begins 
My one condition is....

Say you'll save room for the... caramel budino
please, don't try to say no, babe....
Dark chocolate crust, oh gee
Say you'll save some room for
The dessert you've seen in your.... wildest dreams (ah--ha)... Wildest dreams, ah-ha.

I said "No one's gonna know what we do"
We ordered just a small plate... then we decided on two
And the pizza's a familiar treat
Nothing last's forever, especially burrata.

Full bellies, we're cozy as hell
They do everything so dang well 
And even though we both feel quite stuffed 
My one condition is....

Say you'll save room for the... caramel budino
please, don't try to say no, babe....
Dark chocolate crust, oh gee
Say you'll save some room for
The dessert you've seen in your.... wildest dreams.

There's nothing I've eaten here that hasn't rocked my world. It's a great spot for a pair or MAYBE four, but wouldn't go for a large group. Barbuzzo is a sexy, warm spot for intimate conversations over shared ricotta and enormous, delectable stuffed meatballs. The portions are always larger than I remember, but rarely do we have any leftovers regardless!! Their gnocchi is the best I've ever tasted, and everything you've heard about the Budino is true.

From their spotless, beautifully designed bathrooms to their exquisite service (ever present somehow without hovering), Barbuzzo is just another feather in the cap of the Safran Turney dynasty.
Barbuzzo is my new favorite place! The food is so authentic, I felt like I was sitting in Florence, Italy. Here is what I'd recommend:

The pan-seared gnocchi
The Maile pizza 
The Campanelle pasta

I would recommend making a reservation for dinner, because this place gets packed!
It's always good. I love it and would eat here more often except it's always so busy noisy and crowded. Great for them but not so much for me. But if you go off hours it a delight. Great restaurant for a vegan or vegetarian. Lots of options. And the desserts are off the hook. Worth the bother . The food is brilliant!
If you're in Philadelphia, this restaurant is a must visit. 
When I came, I was in a rush to go somewhere. When I notified the waitress, she recommended what would come out quickly and made sure to serve our food as soon as possible. 
My friend and I ordered the Sheep's Milk Ricotta and the Asparago to start off. 
The Sheep's Milk Ricotta is definitely one of the restaurant's most famous dishes. The ricotta was soft and creamy and had a slight hint of sweetness that complemented the other flavors. The bread was toasted to perfection. It was crispy on the outside but warm and soft on the inside. When combined with the ricotta, the dish made a perfect appetizer. 
The Asparago was a pizza with shredded asparagus and bacon. The cheese was savory and blended perfectly with the tastes from the toppings. It came with two small jars, one with a chili oil and the other with thyme. We made sure to spread both of them onto the pizza for additional taste.
For dessert, we shared the salted caramel budino. For us, this was the highlight of the meal. There was a chocolate cookie crumble at the bottom with caramel mousse above it. At the top, the whipped cream had a slight tart flavor that contrasted perfectly with the decadent sweetness of the dessert. 
Would definitely go again.
Came in for a late lunch on a Friday and it was overwhelmingly packed!  It has cute outdoor and indoor seating.  They also have a pretty extensive wine by the glass list which I loved so I can create my own wine pairing.  

ROASTED BEET SALAD (11)
goat cheese, orange, tuscan kale, pistachio pesto
*salad was a really large portion - honestly I should've just ate this for my meal and skipped the meatballs.  This is probably the best beet salad I've ever had, bright with citrus and a nice creaminess from the goat cheese and nuttiness from the pistachio pesto.  All of the components of the dish complemented each other.  

CACIOCAVALLO STUFFED MEATBALLS (12)
house ground short rib & pork meatballs, sicilian oregano, pickled pepper relish, grilled bread
*So I didn't love the meatballs they were fairly bland and the meat was almost a spongy texture.  I didn't get any of the pickled pepper relish flavor mentioned in the description.  The stuffed part was negligible I was expecting a juicy cheesy center but I didn't notice anything in the center.

I'd be interested in coming back for pasta and/or pizza on my next visit to Philly.
This place is AHHH-MAZING! After one time of dining here this place quickly earned a spot on my "favorite spots to dine in Philly" list. Definitely make reservations before coming here, apparently the rest of the city likes to dine here too. We ended up having dinner at the bar which wasn't bad! Here is some of the awesome tapas we tried here:
Brussel Sprouts - they are soooo yummy and delicious. Not very crispy but super flavorful. I am pretty sure you can't make Brussels sprouts like this at home so dig in! 
Margherita pizza - yummy delicious pie big enough to share for three people! I think we got like two slices each between the three of us. You know the pizza is extra delicious when you gladly eat the plain crust....yep that good!
Grilled Mediterranean Octapus - this was our mystery plate we weren't sure what to expect but it was a plate packed with flavors. The octopus with the potatoes and olives all complimented each other 
Salted Caramel Budino - You absolutely cannot leave this place without ordering this dessert, in fact they should just automatically give this dessert to people. It's absolutely amazing!! Make sure you get a nice big spoonful to get all the layers in one bite, you won't regret it! 

Oh make sure you get the cocktails to chase down the amazing food. I tried the Sanguinello, it was fruity and tasted fresh. 

Enjoy you meal!!
They could have better lighting  and better customer service, but overall the food was amazing. 

1. The meatballs: exceptional. perfectly balanced in flavor and textural. The sauce is also perfectly sweet with just enough acidity. The meatball of a lifetime.

2. Pasta with Scallops: perfection. Seared scallops, fresh olive oil, garlic and lemon

3. Sanguanello: a little on the sweet side, but very good. went well with everything

4. Asparago Pizza: The guancale, cheese, and crust were the things that I enjoyed most. The egg was a tad too underdone for my tastes, but I would still order this again

5. Salted Caramel Budino: just the right amount of salt and not too sweet. I loved this dessert.

6. Tahini Ice cream...this was an utter miss, but I will forgive it.

Overall, I was a huge fan of the whole meal; this will be my first top the next time that I am in Philly.
Barbuzzo. The HYPE machine in full effect.

If this place was a corner place without all the hype I maybe would give it a star more, but I was so let down from every aspect. 

We waited over 30-40 minutes for a table, sweating outside.

Once we got inside the place is packed tighter then a sardine tin. The guy sitting behind me kept bumping into me whenever he started laughing, because his chair was basically on top of mine.

We had a very unattentive waitress that whenever we had a question about the menu she had to go and ask another staff person for the answer.

The wine list is small, but has some nice items. We ordered a bottle of the Nebbiolo.
Our waitress brought the bottle out to us and what I guess she didn't notice was that the bottle was steaming hot. She poured me a glass to try it and the wine was literally cooked. I think it might be bacuse of the proximity of the kitchen to the bar.
She came back with another bottle and it was delish.

We started off with the very highly hyped "pig popcorn", it reminded me of  wet pork rinds but without the flavor. I know it's not the same, but I prefer the bacon flavored popcorn over at Khyber for a snack type app. I wouldn't order this again if I came back.

My wife and I split our entrees. I ordered the pizza and she had the paccheri.

My pizza was so wet and undercooked that when I picked up a slice the mozzarella slid right off. I think if you're in the mood for pizza, the better option is Zavino next door. The pizza there is great.

My wifes Paccheri was alright. The sauce was decent but the paccheri were way over cooked.

The only saving grace of the meal was the budino. That I licked clean and might go back to barbuzzo just so I could have that again.
One of my favorite new spots in Philly, hands down. I came here with a close friend for dinner last night and left the restaurant soaring on cloud 9.

The place is extremely tiny but so classy and sophisticated with dim lighting and candles. We were seated towards the back of the restaurant at a table that was really close to the table next to us, which was slightly uncomfortable but nothing to complain significantly about (though it was funny to watch the guy next to us spill his wine all over his date's lap).

Let me start off by saying that the service here was just absolutely incredible. Our waiter was so genuinely excited to be at the restaurant, and was so excited about giving us recommendations and joking around with us as we told him how excited we were about the food and coming to Barbuzzo for the first time. Every time he left our table, we were left feeling even more excited about our dining experience. 

We decided on the following dishes:

+SHEEP'S MILK RICOTTA: This dish lived up to the hype. I was nervous about having really high expectations, but it turned out that my expectations were met and exceeded. The bread was warm and grilled/buttered to perfection, and the ricotta was smooth and creamy with ah hint of sweetness and spiciness. Our waiter (love him) even brought out extra baguette for us (free of charge!)

+BUTTERNUT ARANCINI: So glad we ordered this. This came with 4 balls, and each was stuffed with melty cheese. Though they appeared simple on the outside, the flavors were unique-- I wouldn't even be able to tell you what all was in the balls-- but that's what made it so awesome. The sunflower seeds added a bit of that extra punch. 

+UOVO PIZZA: One of the best and most unique pizzas I've tasted to date. The crust was perfectly soft yet crispy at the same time, and the combination of the white sauce with the cheeses and runny egg and brussels sprouts, it was truly a magnificent mouthfeel. 

+BUDINO: What can I say? This dessert dish ALSO definitely lived up to the hype. I loved all three layers, especially the chocolatey crust, and the combination of flavors was on point. Some bites were a bit saltier than others (each bite was truly a surprise of flavors), but the caramel was so sweet and warm, and that mixed with the fluffy center and crumbly bottom... to die for. 

I would definitely recommend this spot to everyone in Philly. Amazing, one-of-a-kind food (and not even outrageous prices) makes this a restaurant you don't want to miss out on.
Is there really a point to reviewing a place that already has over 1000 reviews? Probably not but I'm going to anyway. Came here during a weeknight for dinner with my mom and one of my girlfriends. We heard it was hard to get a table for more than 2 people, but we were actually able to get a reservation that day. However, the closest times to dinner that were available were 5:30 or 9, so we went with 5:30. When we arrived it was not busy at all. However, by the time we left around 7, it was getting pretty packed. The restaurant is very small with not many tables but they make good use of the same. The atmosphere is amazing though. I would describe it as intimate, warm, dark, & rustic. It really is nice. To drink, I had a glass of the verdicchio, which was delicious. My mom got a glass red wine, which I can't recall the name of, but I tried it and that was also very good. We ordred 5 small plates to share between the three of us, and honestly that was more than enough. The iplates come out as they're ready which is nice as you can pace yourselves. In the order they came out we had:

Sheeps Milk Ricotta- This was delicious. The ricotta spread was super creamy. Came with warm bread.
Arancini- This was my first time ever having arancini and I loved it. This may have been my favorite plate. I would describe them as rissotto balls. It almost reminded me of mac & cheese lol.
Gulf Shrimp- Amazing. Cooked perfectly and had a great flavor to them
Tufoli Nero- This was a little weird. Squid ink pasta with calamari. The squid ink pasta tasted good when it first came out but as it cooled off it had a bit of a weird flavor to it. Nothing was wrong with it though, more of just a personal preference. The pieces of calamari in it were very good. But, some of it had like the tentacles and everything which kinda schieved me out. 
Stuffed Meatballs- Giant meatballs stuffed with cheese. These were really good.

For dessert, like everyone else. We got the salted carmel budino. It definitely lived up to the hype. It was super salty and had a layer of dark chocolate crust. On food alone, I would have given 5 stars. However, our service was not the best. The reviews I read raved about how great the service was, I think we just got stuck with a bad waitress. If the name on our check was correct, her name was Stephanie and she was miserable. She was good in terms of doing her job and she was able to give us some of the popular things to order off the menu. However, she was less than attentive for how not busy it was. She seriously acted like she hated us or something. It was actually laughable how unfriendly she was. Even when she tried to act nice at the end when she gave us our check, it came off as so fake. Also, she didn't warn us the stuffed meatballs plate was burning hot. I didn't even touch it after it had been out for a while cause we were still working on the previous plate. But, my hand just brushed the top of the thing it was in and I got burnt pretty badly. If it was that hot, she should have warned us.So I had to deduct a star because the service was not up to standards. I would probably still come back though because the food was so great. Also, the pricing was more like $$$ instead of $$. The plates appear cheap because they are so small. However, most people get more than one plate.  Not that I felt it was overpriced, I thought it was a good value for the quality of food. But, you are more likely to spend in the $30-$60 range per person.
This was my second time dining at Barbuzzo and it did not disappoint! We walked in around 6:30PM, hoping for not too long of a wait - the restaurant was quite full. To our delight, we were able to be seated at the bar immediately. The bartenders were attentive and approached us immediately. We ordered a pitcher of sangria which was delicious. It had a spiced/cinnamon taste and was not overly sweet. We started with the ricotta and stuffed meatballs - both amazing. We also shared the cacio e pepe which was very good. We saw many pizzas coming out which smelled amazing, so I will be coming back to try one of those! 

Overall, a very cozy spot with great food. Perfect for a date night or girls night out. Would not recommend it for groups as it is quite small. Would also recommend a reservation if you would like a table.
My boyfriend and I have each been to Barbuzzo two times, once with other people and once with each other. We've had really high expectations, and clearly so many other people have loved Barbuzzo. As much as we both tried to love it, we never had an experience above average. The most memorable trip was when we went together, and it was not memorable in a good way. 

The main highlight of that dinner was poor service. We couldn't decide which pizza to get, but we both agreed that we didn't want the Asparago (which features asparagus) so we ordered the Margherita. 

Ironically--they gave us the Asparago pizza. Not only that, but the pizza arrived much later than the rest of our meal. We didn't notice at first, but we tried a bite and tasted that something was off. So we told the waiter they gave us the wrong item, and they gave us a rude look as if WE made the mistake. Eventually they offered to make a Margherita pizza for us but it would have taken 30 minutes. Because we got the pizza so late, we didn't want to wait that long. So we told them that we didn't want it. 

Now, in our experience, most restaurants comparable to Barbuzzo would offer a refund on the pizza. Some would even give a new pizza without charging for either for the trouble. But Barbuzzo did neither and ended up charging us for the late pizza that we didn't even want.

This experience, combined with the relatively average food we've had both this and the other times we've been here led us to give a 2 star rating for our combined experiences. We might have been unlucky given the rave reviews Barbuzzo usually receives, but we don't plan to go back again.
Barbuzzo was the unexpected highlight of my food field trip in Philadelphia. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here, despite the wait. My dear friend I dined here late one weekday evening and the place was bustling. The space is very intimate and dimly lit. The contemporary mediterranean restaurant serves a motley of snacks, meat and cheese plates, pizzas, pasta, and entrees. The menu is entirely tantalizing. It was very difficult for me to settle on what to eat. I highly recommend going with a small group to enjoy more dishes. 

We decided to start with the chicken liver foie mousse and the roasted bone marrow. The foie mousse is served with plum jam, marcona almonds, pear aigre doux, and crostini. I am a total sucker for pate, foie gras, and foie gras facsimile. Therefore, I already sensed I would like the dish. It was rich and buttery, sweet, savory, smooth, textured; the tastes complimented each other so beautifully. And OMG. The roasted bone marrow, served with persillade, celery-parsley salad and lemon, and bread excited my taste buds to new heights with each bite. I love, love, lurrveee that dish. It had a beautiful presentation with multidimensional taste. 

We also ordered the Fico pizza, because figs...and prosciutto ( and arugula and gorgonzola). I was utterly blown away by the bone marrow, so the Fico pizza could not compete for the same laudations. Nonetheless, it was very good neapolitan-style pizza. 

I also tried the sanguinello ( primarily blood orange and vodka). It's more of a girly drink and tastes as wonderful as nectar from the gods! Perhaps that's an exaggeration, but it was good. 

Our dishes were all very rich, so needless to say, we stopped at the pizza. However, you betcha bottoms I will be back! 

As you can see, I really enjoy dishes that contain variety. Perhaps that is why I enjoyed Barbuzzo so much. They produce aesthetically delightful dishes from seemingly dichotomous, distinct flavors that taste complete and beyond this earth. Umami indeedy! 

It was quite busy so the service was slow. Nonetheless, we received friendly service.
