This is such a nice, elegant place for dining that we make it a point to come here for happy hour and/or dinner.

It's well known to the locals for its tasty dishes and drinks; attentive and friendly service, as well as elegant ambience. Although the prices are on the high side, the quality of food, service and ambience are well in line with the best of fine dining standard.

DETAILS, Details, details...

A few days ago, my wife and I enjoyed our happy hour in its nicely appointed lounge, followed by a wonderful dinner.  The friendly hostess warmly greeted us and took us to a corner table. We liked the relaxing, luxurious ambience with soft, dim lights. Near our dinner reservation time, 6:15p, the charming hostess ushered us to a great corner table in the dining room. The medium size, elegant dining room was still half empty then, but it'd  soon be completely filled up.

During my Happy Hour earlier, I had a delicious, vodka martini with stuffed olives. It was so tasty that I had another one at dinner! We also shared a bottle of wine over apps of (1) Beef tartare and (2) Kale salad. Both apps were very appetizing. The beef tartare was tender and was bursting with flavor in every bite! We liked the complimentary warm cheese puffs a lot, too, which were light, and super delicious with salted butter. 

Our main courses were (1) 12 oz Ribeye and (2) Chilean sea bass. 
- Interestingly, our server brought out a box of steak knives to choose from! My wife took a feel of each knife and picked a German crafted one.  She loved it as it cut her steak like butter, which was cooked exactly to her liking. My Chilean sea bass was fresh, flaky and flavorful! Yes, we happily shared them. 

We also shared three tasty sides of Fried baby artichokes, Garlic meshed-potatoes, and Creamy spinach. We were so satisfied and FULL that we had to skip desserts all together this time! Believe me, this almost never happens! 

Our server, Glenn, and his crew were just delightful, attentive but not overly so. Our water glasses were kept full, and the finished plates were cleared discretely. They saw that we loved the cheese puff, and offered us extra without our asking. 

We totally enjoyed our dinner experience, and will be back next time in town. This place is already well known to locals. So, if you love fine dining, Barclay Prime would be a good place to go to, when you are visiting Philly. 

By the way, if you like taking a leisure walk after a satisfying meal, the beautiful Rittenhouse Square Park is right across the street from Barclay! We did! 

October 2015
The ambiance was unimpressive and crowded as the seats were too close together that I can retell and recount the stories overheard by heart and my feel my partner's legs hitting mine with every movement. 

The complimentary bread was extremely over salted and vomit inducing. The mashed potatoes tasted like it was intermixed with expired oatmeal, rancid baby food, and three spoonfuls of thickened human mucus, a repugnant disgrace. The three cookie pan dessert is similar to asking my five year old cousin to make a cookie cake using her easy bake oven and then accidentally pouring glue or silly putty into the mix. 

The waiter did not offer to remake our dishes nor send the dishes back even though he told me he knew I disliked my food based on how little I consumed, the pinnacle of sheer greed, impertinence, and classlessness. 

Good God. I wanted to come back to try the rest of the menu, but now I would never revisit and endure the insufferably vicious onslaught to my stomach unless I was forced fed kicking and screeching to my purgatorial doom.
Did you ever just want to go to a respectable upscale types of place like Barclay  and just say to the waiter/waitress : I want a T-bone steak, cheese eggs and Welch's grape? I find myself wanting to say that every time I know of a spot that is nothing but top notch in the dinning scene. You never know they might know the lyrics to "Big Poppa"  by Notorious B.I.G. and hit you with a line. 
 
Barclay has that warm relax feel to it.  A comfortable vibe to it , with a decor like no other. Barclay is well basically sexy , the decor is definitely unique with the lounge style tables and chairs. I haven't seen any other establishment like this they way they have things set up. Barclay has 3 different dinning areas, and all 3 have a different style to it, all leading back to that word again, what was it again, I know ... Sexy!

The drinks were flowing, with a great friend by my side as our evening couldn't get any better, but it does. The food , the food that Barclay puts out words simply can not express the enjoyment you are about to encounter. What will be heard is slight little moans , because once those flavors hit your taste buds it's an instant rush of satisfaction.  The wine has been poured, now lets dive into this starting with the appetizer. 

Appetizer:
Alaskan King Crab- This was nicely cut down the center with each piece full of meat. Cold and fresh with the different dipping provided I highly recommend this. You'll get the same enjoyment from it as I did. 
 
Our entree was a 10 oz. Satsuma Wagyu NY Strip steak , which was prepped Pittsburgh style. Simply the best steak I have ever had in my life. Every bite I would take would simply just melt in my mouth. My mouth is watering as I write about it, along with some of the sauces they provide for you. Out of the sauces we went with a bearnaise  and a horseradish crème fraîche. I am telling you this clearly put my taste buds into a full tilt, and yes I was turning this into an "R" rated experience with moans of pleasure with every bite.

If you are curious what "Wagyu" is , this is cattle that was imported from Japan. A sort of Kobe beef, but with a lot more to it. Basically these types of cattle have been massaged through their life seeing the the areas where they would breed the space was limited. Wagyu has some intense marbling and to producing a high percentage of oleaginous unsaturated fat. The meat from such wagyu cattle is known for its quality. Clearly worth every penny as it melts in your mouth.

I can't wait to come back here again and enjoy another fantastic meal.
If you agree with the proposition that if a restaurant can feed you one mouthful of exquisiteness then it's worth whatever the market will bear. On that basis alone, Barclay Prime should be considered the best dining value in the plutocracy.

The food here is outstanding but in portions so obscenely small that Barclay Prime is the literal incarnation of steakhouse porn - so keen to be chic and unpretentious that they are literally drowning in both.

The design of the space is impeccable as is the service with presentation as crisp and understated as I have ever experienced. You'll soon discover that you're no longer dining but participating in a ridiculous performance art ritual as you indulge in whispers of steak and rumors of side dishes. It was so amazing, that I couldn't wait for it to end regardless of the cost to purchase my freedom. In fact, that may just be their genius.

Honestly, I'm very aware that this place is swimming in accolades and awards but for me the entire experience was stilted in the extreme. First and foremost my expectation for a night out is to relax with a great meal and to enjoy the company that I'm with.

Barclay Prime is a gilded fishbowl that left me cold. By rights the service and the food were exquisite and demand five stars but I am leaving one off for personal preference. Nothing personal.
A couple of friends of mine decided to go out to the Barclay Prime to celebrate a little event and we all left very happy by how great our experience was. 

First, the Barclay Prime is located right on Rittenhouse Square and is made up of two sides. The Barclay Prime restaurant and the Barclay Private dining room, but they are in two separate buildings. 

Once inside there is a modern, but classy feel to the Barclay Prime. The lighting is dimmed giving an intimate feel, but the extra cushioned seats add a modern touch. Some of the members of our party actually sat in a sofa, which they both thought was nice.

Once we were seated, our waiter came over. He was very kind, polite and formal, which I liked. He went ahead and took our drink offer. Although, one members of our party got a glass of Chardonnay, I decided to just get a glass of pineapple juice.

After about 5 minutes after ordering our drinks they arrived and we went ahead and ordered our appetizers. I got the wagyu slider duo after hearing about how good the Japanese beef is. I also ordered the shrimp cocktail that I would split with another member of the party. However, we got a 4th piece of shrimp and we got them all in colossal size. 

While we waited for our appetizers we had bread dropped off and it was absolutely amazing. The bread was made turnover style and was light and airy. It was fresh and absolutely amazing. 

Eventually, we had our appetizers dropped off. The wagyu sliders came in two different styles. One had cheese and onions on top while the other was topped with tomato. The wagyu beef itself definitely lived up to its expectations. The beef's flavor was definitely enhanced and had a softer and less chewy feel to the meat. 

Finally, I got the rack of lamb for my entree and it was absolutely spectacular. It was cooked perfectly at medium rare and came with a beautiful sauce and some tasty potatoes. Finally, the outer portion of the lamb was a bit nice and crispy. I always was given a choice of knife, which was a nice touch. I ended up going with a nice Japanese knife, which was great for cutting my lamb.

We also got a few sides including some delicious sides including some tasty creamed spinach and some crispy, shoestring onions.

Finally, we got dessert and although there were many delicious sounding options, I couldn't resist ordering the warm deep dish cookie upon the waiter's suggestion. It came out fairly quick and consisted of three cookies including chocolate chip, sugar and oatmeal raisin combined together to make one giant cookie. Vanilla ice cream was put on top and a side of chocolate sauce was provided. All three cookies fused together made a great combination and a tasty dessert! 

Altogether, the Barclay Prime is one of the nicest steakhouses in Philadelphia with delicious food served in a great atmosphere!
It had been years since my first visit to Barclay Prime. Since before my Yelp days, even. On that trip, I made the fateful mistake of ordering seared tuna as my entree. And not that the tuna was bad by any means (it was great), but I've long regretted not ordering the house specialty: steak. The other defining moment of that particular experience was that I tried mushrooms and, for the first time in my life, liked them. I've met many a mushroom since that I haven't been into, but I'll always credit Barclay Prime for enabling me to enjoy them on some occasions. 

My boyfriend and I had been talking about a splurge-y date night at Barclay for at least a year when that fateful LaBan re-review came out, demoting the restaurant from three bells to two. It affected our decision to dine there, and we talked about plans at another Starr favorite of ours, Il Pittore, instead. 

As luck would have it, the boyfriend was invited (with guest!) to dine at Barclay Prime. Consider this a disclaimer to my review if you wish, but our meal was excellent across the board. The service was excellent, the drinks were excellent and the food was excellent. And from our cushy seats in the center of the dining room, it appeared we weren't alone. Every table looked well-attended to, from the long row of teenagers (!) to the couple who were not shy about making out in full view (it was the end of the night, to be fair). 

We started with a half dozen oysters from British Columbia. They were delicious on their own with a squirt of lemon. In my opinion, the red wine mignonette was too acidic. My Kettle martini with blue cheese-stuffed olives was the perfect match. Next up for me was the wedge salad. It was served slightly differently than a traditional wedge, with crab in place of bacon. For dressing, I went half and half with the two available options, as suggested by my server. The flavors were awesome, and I highly recommend going the half/half route. 

My entree, an eight ounce filet with a crabmeat sidecar and au poivre on the side, was cooked perfectly for my requested medium. With sides of mushrooms (naturally!) and potato gratin, this was easily one of my richest meals in recent memory. Honestly, I may have gained a few pounds just from this dinner but it was so worth every calorie. And just when I thought life couldn't get better, I tried the twenty-eight day dry aged NY Strip. Wow. I've never before tasted so much flavor in a steak, and I say that with 100% confidence. Suggested wines paired perfectly, of course, although they would probably be (way) out of our price range on a date night. The drink prices will definitely get you where it hurts at Barclay, that is for sure.

For dessert, the warm banana cake and the cheesecake. Both were wonderful but the cheesecake had the edge for me. After a glass of champagne sent over by the GM, our meal was complete. It was a memorable one that I'll not soon forget. 

I've already requested Barclay Prime as our next special-occasion meal.
My experience at Barclay Prime was exquisite. This is the place to go if you are looking to impress or are being taken out to be impressed. 

The clientele seemed very upscale and was business oriented. Although I was there on business myself, I didn't feel as fancy pants as the other patrons. Once seated, I did real relaxed and comfortable in this fine dining establishment with my view of the bookcases. 

Our server was the utmost of professionals. He knew everything from the liquor in each cocktail to the massive selection of wines, to the different types of knives without missing a beat. He could provide descriptions of each course that went well beyond memorizing the ingredients. He embodied Barclay Prime. No one in my group ordered the crab cake, but his description of this dish had us all dreaming. 

Aside from our cocktails, wine and popover rolls, my group started by splitting the wagyu ribeye & foie gras cheesesteak. They pre-sliced the sandwich in the back so we each could try a piece. It came with a bottle of champagne that we split as well. This cheesesteak may have ruined cheesesteaks for me. To have such special meat prepared in a made-to-Philly form, took meat and cheesesteaks to the next level.

Our server's description also had a large part of my group sold on the bone-in filet versus the regular filet. Yet another type of food ruined by Barclay Prime's perfection. It's going to be hard to beat this melt-in-your-mouth, medium rare yet warm, seasoned and flavorful piece of meat. 

I also found it fun to pick my steak knife out of several offerings- I've never gotten to do that before.

Without over indulging, we passed on the desserts and after dinner cordials. 

I'd obviously want to go back any day of the week; however, it's going to be for those special occasions where I'm being wined and dined like royalty. Impressed would be an understatement.
Celebrating my love and & I anniversary and a change of career path, I decided to spontaneously opted a reservation for two at none other than, Barclay Prime. It was one of the most finest dining experience we've ever encountered thus far. Which eventually leaves a mark for another return. 

I honestly didn't care too much with the ambiance that carried a library theme and a very dimmed setting. A few chit chatters as we're surrounded by large parties. However, not enough to ruin the intimate atmosphere. Comfy seating and marble topped candle lite tables. Great service and staff all around.

-Complimentary Popped Over Bread with butter. 
-Wagyu Slider's. For appetizers, they are most amazing little pop of juiciness and burst of flavor. 
-Jumbo Lump Crabcake. Not the best I've had and wouldn't reorder again. 
-Barclay Prime Cheesesteak. When you take a moment and think to yourself if you would ever pay $120 for a sandwich and for a Philly Cheesesteak at that. Go for it! I can't describe in full detail, but this was one of the best things I've ever eaten in my life. Worth the tastebuds... And it also comes with half a bottle of champagne. Winning.
-Lemon & Vanilla Bean Creme Brûlée - Amazing as the sweet and tart compliments well with one another. 

Overall, everything was superior.
Best steak I have ever had, such an awesome experience. I'm already a fan of Stephen Starr, so I came in with high expectations and was NOT disappointed.

I ordered the 20oz ribeye and it was like slicing through butter. Meaty, delicious, perfectly seasoned, medium-rare butter. Also, being offered a selection of steak knives (each with its own attributes and stories) was cool. The rest of the group had the NY strip, 3.5lb lobster, sides of mushrooms, potatoes, bacon, mac and cheese, the Kobe slider app. Everything was delicious and the red and white wine we had went well with the whole meal.

By far the best steakhouse in Philadelphia and I can't wait to go back. Oh, and if you're trying to impress a girl, bring her here.

Big thank you to Victor, Harry and Thi for this great dinner and opportunity to dine here.
A place that has 4 1/2 stars on Yelp usually indicates to me that I'm in for a great experience & great food.

I like the decor a lot - the marble tables and the bookshelves along the walls of the room are really unique touches to a steakhouse, in my opinion.

The food was pretty good, but to be honest, nothing to write home about. I had the Lobster Bisque (better than some bisques I've had because it actually had notably-sized pieces of lobster in it) and I ordered the 8-oz Filet Mignon for my entree. The meat was very buttery and cooked well! The sides were: Truffle Mac & Cheese + Roasted Cauliflower. The cauliflower was a bit salty but overall the sides were pretty good, too. 

I would've given this place 4 stars if not for the service. Perhaps I look young and maybe that somehow signals to a waiter that he/she doesn't have to take me as seriously, same goes for the appearance of my boyfriend. But when he starts off the night with a cup of coffee because he's tired and needs caffeine - just give him the coffee without condescendingly gaping at him when he asks for coffee while I'm asking for wine. 

Then, throughout the meal, check in on us as if you actually care what our response is. For a point of comparison, our waiter acted completely differently with the couple next to us who arrived much later than we did - he was chatty, suggested wines, etc. and was overall more genuinely friendly. I don't need him to be my best friend. But particularly for a restaurant of this caliber (or so I thought), I would expect the same amount of respect and attention as any other patron, regardless of my age, background, or anything else.

I spoke with the manager after - she looked quite confused walking out to meet me and didn't shake my hand when I introduced myself (though she had just done a round around the restaurant asking everyone how their meals were doing). She gave me her card and apologized after I indicated I had just finished eating at. this. restaurant. so I wasn't some spontaneous guest popping in for a "hello."

Would not come back - which is disappointing because my boyfriend's company likes to go to Steven Starr restaurants!
I took my brother here for a belated birthday dinner on a Friday night. I'm a Stephen Starr fangirl, and I was determined to take him to the best of the Philadelphia restaurants in his empire, and I really couldn't have chosen better than this. 

At the time that I made the reservation, only bar seating was available. I was initially disappointed because I didn't want to sit at the bar to eat dinner, but where we were actually seated was in a pretty lounge area in the front room, with plush seating and lovely lighting provided by candles and shaded wall lamps. Our server was extremely friendly and informative, going above and beyond in service quality (more on that in a bit)! We started with glasses of water, the Clover Days cocktail for my brother, and a delectable basket of popovers, which were flaky, light, rich and delicious all at once, and came with a whipped salted butter, though the popovers were so good on their own they didn't even need the butter.

I'm a vegetarian, so I decided to go with the Caesar salad (I make an occasional pescatarian allowance), and an order of tater tots. My brother loves a good steak, but he never treats himself out to a steakhouse. So like the bossy older sister that I am, I told him, get whatever you want! And so he got the American Wagyu NY strip steak, and an order of truffle whipped potatoes. He's not as effusive as me, but he finished every bite of his meal with enthusiasm, and declared it one of the best steaks he'd ever had. He insisted that I try his whipped potatoes, and while they were very flavorful, the super-smooth creamy texture isn't for me. The tater tots, on the other hand, were incredible. The waiter thought I was nuts when I told him I've never actually had tater tots before. Pretty sure if I ever have them again, nowhere else will they have such a shatteringly crisp and deliciously salty exterior, with a perfectly cloud-like mashed potato interior. I confess I had to take most of the tasty little bites home because the Caesar salad was huge, and the dressing and grated cheese so good that I shamelessly mopped up the dish with the last of my popover. 

Now, getting back to the above and beyond service by our waiter - the steak and salad were brought out by a another member of the serving staff, (sooner than I expected), but no whipped potatoes or tots in sight. When our main server returned to check on us moments later, he exclaimed over the absence of our side orders, (turns out they were sent to another table) and remedied the oversight within minutes, all the while apologizing for the mixup. It was barely a delay at all, so my brother and I hardly minded, but he insisted on removing both items from our bill, effectively making them on the house. Maybe it's because I'm not used to restaurants with such stellar service, or maybe because I'm more used to having to point out missing food to the server myself, and getting an annoyed reaction, with the missing items eventually being brought out later. 

Yes, Barclay Prime is quite expensive, but it's worth every penny, from the amazing service, to the beautiful decor, to the insanely delicious food. For a special occasion or if you want to super-treat someone (or yourself), this is definitely one of the top options in Philadelphia.
Kudos to Steven Starr for having a wonderful establishment in Philadelphia.  As much as I dislike going to restaurateur moguls who own multiple restaurants serving cuisine from every country imaginable, I find that Steven Starr restaurants always deliver and execute well above my expectations while others constantly fail to deliver.

DECOR: reminds you of a more modernly decorated room out of a Harry Potter movie.  There was a classic element to the decor and the bookshelves with sparsely populated books and the chandeliers added to that feeling.  The chairs were modern (green, yellow, and white) which made the entire area less "stuffy".  I could imagine it would have felt like an extremely stuffy environment if we had classic wooden chairs.  Whoever designed this place made the decor acceptable to a large demographic customer base.  Whoever designed this is clever.

SERVICE: the highlight of the night goes to immaculate service from Glenn.  He is extremely knowledgeable about everything on the menu, very professional, and does not feel pushy in his recommendations even in the slightest sense.  Overall, I'd say his level of service pushed the review 1 additional star from a 4 to 5.  I had an excellent and pleasant dinner thanks to him.

STEAK KNIFES: I was quite impressed that they were giving us the option to choose among 5 top end steak knifes.  I remember 4 of them (2 were Zwilling Henckel, 1 was a Shun, and the last was a Wusthof).  I was impressed that they were providing such high end knives here.

FOOD: the food was a solid 4*.  For my steak, I ordered a 28-day dry aged NY strip steak which cost about ~$50.  This was cooked a perfect medium rare and it was seasoned very well.  At this price, I would take this steak any day over say Capital Grille, Palms, Morton, Gibson's or any other chain restaurant steak.  One of the things I was tempted to try was the Japanese Wagyu steak at $115 but I didn't feel a compelling need to go eat something at such a high price point when there are fantastic options such as Peter Luger which probably serve better steak and lower price points.

Appetizers: I shared the main diver SCALLOPS.  We got 3 pieces that were well cooked & seasoned with a bit of a spice kick coming from their sauce.  My scallop cooled down by the time it reached my table.  This appetizer was acceptable and about what I expected from a restaurant like this. 

The highlight was the fried SOFT SHELL CRAB.  It was fantastically well fried blue crab that was extremely flavorful with a great texture.  It was one of the rare times I felt I was chewing more crab than I was batter.

When I was first introduced to the Philly steakhouse scene I was told that Butcher and Singer was the top recommended steakhouse.  I was led to believe that until I was introduced to Barclay's.  The service, the large number of selections, and the food quality are in a league far above Butcher and Singer.  At this price point, I wholeheartedly recommend this place for steak in Philly.

On a side note, Barclay's sells the most expensive cheesesteak in Philly (perhaps the world).  $100 for a freakin cheesesteak (wagyu beef, foie gras, truffled cheese)..............would anyone care to split an order with me in the future? :P
My fiance took me to Barclay Prime to celebrate my 26th birthday. I desperately wanted to go to a steakhouse, but was a little concerned Barclay Prime wouldn't live up to expectations (or its price tag). 

Don't worry, it did.

AMBIANCE
Think super swanky Mad Men-era fine dining. Cushy cozy leather seats, marble tables, built-in bookshelves and lots of muted greens, yellows and oranges. Dim lighting and tiny candles. High as heaven ceilings and crystal chandeliers. The Brady Bunch goes to Vegas. 

FOOD
Complimentary popovers were the best Pillsbury croissant you ever tasted, served warm with room temp salty butter. Smother that shit. Zack and I loved the tuna tartare appetizer, which was rich and meaty while maintaining lightness with a lemony vinaigrette. Excellent. I had the filet mignon and Zack indulged in 16 ounces (that's a pound, people) of dry aged NY Strip. Medium rare for both of us, the meat was insanely tender. The dry aged steak had a really unique super flavor- I would definitely recommend it. Truffle whipped potatoes and broccoli rabe were our sides, and damn did we choose well. The richness of the potatoes cut through the bitter garlicky goodness of the rabe perfectly. 

DRINKS
We shared the least expensive bottle of red (Malbec, $48). Very good. 

SERVICE
Choosing our knives was silly, but fun. Pretty handles for everyone! Our server knew it was my birthday and while we passed on dessert because we were already so satisfied, he brought out two caramel truffles with a birthday candle, plus a mini-cake (!!) in a to-go box. Really nice.

Barclay Prime is a special occasion place. Get dressed up and enjoy every bite.
This is a review of the cheesesteak.

---

Source: amateur chef, frequent fine diner. Ate at 20 Michelin star restaurants over the last three years and around 10 Philadelphia cheesesteak places. 

---

I wanted to like the cheesesteak. Celebrating the end of my MBA program in Philly, I wanted something rich, indulgent, and satisfying. Think the roast chicken with truffle, foie, and brioche stuffing at The NoMad. Provided a meal lets those ingredients shine, $120 is worth that cost.

What I got was a waste of money. A gimmick. The meal didn't taste bad, but it did leave a bad taste in my mouth. I was duped! This meal was not meant to be a showcase of those awesome ingredients; it was meant to be a high margin showboat on a corporate card. 

We'll start with the signature ingredients: wagyu, truffle, and foie gras. The benefit of wagyu -- the marbling of fat -- does not shine with this preparation. All the fat is rendered away! Had you not been told beforehand, there's no chance you'd guess this was wagyu. Just a couple blocks down the street, Cleavers sells a cheesesteak with *just* a basic ribeye. It's one tenth the price and the meat tastes just as good. For this method of cooking, wagyu is not worth the price premium.

The truffle was less pronounced (and fake) than I had hoped. The foie gras was basically non-existent. But it wasn't always this way! Images and YouTube videos of this cheesesteak from years past has visible black truffle slices and layers of foie gras. Somewhere over the years, the truffle slices became preserved slices and truffle oil mixed with cheese ("truffled wizz"), and the foie shriveled away. Seriously, I opened each piece and didn't see any visible foie gras.

I wish I tried this dish back when Barclay opened, because the cheesesteak that initially brought hype to this restaurant doesn't exist. Along the way, they probably realized the splurges from consulting partners would still come in if they cut corners. They cut too many corners, and this is where we are now.

I don't recommend this dish. After the first bite, I felt ripped off. This tastes like a regular cheesesteak with preserved truffle! Imagine how many regular cheesesteaks and cans of preserved truffle I could have bought for this! It was disheartening, especially because I've had truly decadent preparations of foie and truffle for the same price.

Go out and try a real cheesesteak; it will get you 80% of the way there. Hell, buy a cheesesteak at Cleavers (which is not necessarily the best cheesesteak but it's only two blocks from Barclay Prime) and you can afford a full ounce of fresh black truffle before you break even! For decadence in this city, I recommend Vetri, which is a hell of a bargain when we're comparing value.

And Barclay? My guess is they don't have many repeat customers for this dish.
ok ok ok yelp- you got me-  i didn't get a steak!  

 this review is pointed towards the veg people on yelp.  if you veg/vegans have a chance to dine at barclay - seriously go!  just call ahead. 

i had a very amazing dinner.  basically i knew i was going to barclay - i checked the menu online and didn't see anything vegan so i called a day in advance and let Carlos the chef know i was planning on dining there the next day - much to my delight, he crafted a delicious appetizer, salad, entree, and an amazing dessert. 

i loved everything i got, and i also loved the surprise of not knowing what i was going to get and not having to look at the menu.  it was really delightful. 

the appetizer  was a vegan butternut squash soup with garlic croutons; the salad was made of beets, tomatoes, and a champagne vinaigrette; my entree was grilled delish tofu- cooked perfectly- on a bed of lemon/garlic cous cous; my dessert was passion fruit and mango sorbet. 

everything was amazing!  the soup was flavorful,  i passed the beet salad around and shared it with friends - everyone agreed it was the best salad (preferred over the wedge and the Cesar) and my entree was off the charts i cant even tell you how much i loved it.  the sorbet had amazing flavors that really popped. 

also it was super funny when the server glen (who was fabulous by the way!) still let me pick out my "steak" knife.  haha i was definitely taking my time choosing my knife. 

just hey barclay prime - can you take the fois gras off that cheese steak?  come on - that's just cruel!
Picked Barclay Prime for our sole dinner on a quick trip to Philadelphia based on yelp reviews and we were not disappointed.

Grabbed a Saturday night reservation on opentable - lucked out and got one at a good time. Would recommend booking in advance as the place was pretty packed when we arrived.

Checked in 15 mins early and made ourselves comfortable at the bijou bar - barman was great, really quick service and within minutes I was sipping on something delish made with lemon, lavender & champagne...I was happy to see that the extensive wine list had some nice and unusual grapes on the menu as well as a decent by the glass selection (I like to hop around the wine list and not commit to one bottle).

Our table was ready bang on the reservation time and we were escorted through to the much brighter and more modern feeling dining room. Our 2 person table had a large enough surface area (hate it when there is no room for waters, bread, wines, flowers, candles, cutlery etc and the whole meal is like a game of chess) and whilst it was close to our neighbours we are used to an inch gap sometimes in NY so did not find this obtrusive.

Our server was right over dealing with our water option and providing wine lists and menus. We had picked the place for its steaks and whilst the bf was procrastinating about ordering the $100 cheesesteak I knew he was not serious - we did take a while discussing the merits of each of the steaks available.

Our server did not hurry us and instead took wine orders which were quickly filled and sent popovers our way - I had pre-warned him I don't eat carbs and he ensured that the bread guy did not try to tempt me. The bf did make lots of appreciative nods as he tried his.

For appetizers we both opted for the steak tartare as we are both fans and I am so pleased we did. The portion size was great, made up of small cuts of filet bathed in a rich dijon & egg yolk sauce with just enough sharp capers and red onion to cut through the richness. Some crispy onions and pea shoots on top complimented the dish. Easily in my top 3 of tartares....might even be #1.

For entrees we went steak all the way (although the fish options were tempting). The bf took a 16oz 28 day dry aged NY strip and I opted for the 12oz prime filet. I thought the 'pick your steak knife' selection was a nice touch - especially as the knife I chose was razor sharp (another pet peeve for me is dull knives). My steak came 'blue' as I ordered with a succulant and well seasoned crisp on the outside but with a cool and raw centre - it was a great peice of meat, perfectly seasoned and cooked just how I like it...sublime. The bf opted for a medium-rare cook and his steak came with a similar well seasoned crust but just cooked a little more allowing the fat to render and add heaps of delicious flavour.

We passed on the carby sides (knowing we wanted our appetites to be sated by the meat) and opted for creamed spinach and roasted brocolli. The spinach was nice but nothing special although I really liked that it was not swimming in cream or overly fatty but the real star was the roasted brocolli...it was super crispy and chared with just the right about of red chili flakes to pep it up but not kill the flavour. I was tempted to order a second serving.

Opted for coffees rather than deserts and were left alone by our servers to relax and enjoy our table for as long we wanted. 

The bill was not hideous - came out to about $300 all in, which I thought was fair given the quality of the food & drinks, great service and enjoyable atmosphere.
Discovered Barclay Prime while watching a television show that talked about their Barclay Prime Cheesesteak. Well, it was such good advertising that I made my way to Philadelphia for a mini weekend getaway and made this my top spot to visit. And boy was it well worth the trip! Everything about this place blew me away!

Located in Rittenhouse Square, near a quaint little park, we were greeted warmly. Our table reservation was ready, but we wanted to enjoy a drink at the bar and take in the classy atmosphere. I ordered the Quaker City cocktail, which was delicious. Proceeding to our table, the hostess carried our drinks for us (a very good service gesture). The dining area had a modern library feel to it, minus the books, and the seats at our table were big and comfy. Our waitress had a warm personality and made us feel welcome. We started with the complimentary popovers which tasted freshly baked. We then ordered the tuna tartare and hamachi crudo. Both were outstanding! The hamachi crudo was slightly more my favorite with its chili pepper ponzu (which was not spicy at all).

Moving on to the main course (and the reason for our visit), we had the Barclay Prime Cheesesteak made with wagyu ribeye, foie gras, onions and truffled cheese whiz all on a fresh baked sesame roll. It comes with a 1/2 bottle of champagne (to help with the sticker shock I suppose), but as the waitress explained, it helps enhance the flavors. (My mouth has started salivating as I write this.) The cheesesteak is cut into four pieces about 3 inches wide, perfect for sharing, which we did. If I had room in my stomach, I would have wanted to eat all four pieces, that's how good it was. The wagyu was tender and the roll was full of juices from the meat and cheese all while still having some baked crisp. Everything melted in my mouth. For sides, we chose grilled broccoli and kennett square mushrooms. The grilled broccoli came with a cheese sauce on the plate, with three large broccoli florets on top. Both had great flavor in and of themselves.

Normally, you are given your choice of knife when you order their steak. So as not to feel left out, our waitress afforded us the same option, even though we wouldn't need them. The restaurant manager came over to make sure our meal was to our satisfaction. All demonstrations of excellent service! An FYI about the bathroom, it is unisex in where you wash your hands, but there are secluded stalls with either an M or a W on the door.

I will definitely come back the next time I am in the Philly area!
This place was good, just limited from a vegetarian POV.

It's located right next to Rittenhouse Park - which is awesome! We went during a great evening weather wise, so enjoying the ambiance of the park after dinner was perfect! That being said, I parked about 5 blocks south since parking is slim pickings for the area. 

We were seated in the private dining space which is sectioned away from the main dining hall and it has its own entrance. This was nice since the staff serving us was also dedicated to the area instead of having to manage both ends. 

Once seated, it took a bit to have a server ask for drinks and for our order (around 20 minutes), but the waitress was nice and thorough nonetheless.

For my starter, I ordered the pea and asparagus soup. It's served hot, and it definitely incorporates the flavors of the veggies well. The pairing of the pea and asparagus is satiating and the use of the spices is very complimentary and not overbearing. 
 
My entree was a pasta dish - served with fresh steamed veggies and just the pasta water as a sauce. It was well seasoned and enjoyable. I appreciate a pasta dish not being too heavy, so for me the water as sauce was great! It was mild for my taste buds, so I did ask for red pepper flakes but I was never served them! I ended up borrowing black pepper from a neighboring table to add some spice. Our  entrees were also served with mashed potatoes and grilled broccoli (paired with a garlic sauce) for the table. The charred broccoli was great! Love the crunchy texture and different flavor the broccoli takes on when grilled.

For dessert, coffee was optioned along with a selection of cakes. The cakes did have eggs in them, so they were able to provide me a few scoops of different flavored sorbet. The sorbet was much creamier than I anticipated and overall great end-cap to a meal! 

In the end it was an enjoyable dinner. The service was decent though slow and they did forget about my red pepper flakes. 

All in all, this is a steak house so the offerings are limited for vegetarians, but I would say its still a solid option for its location, ambiance, and overall flavor profile.
This restaurant is a farce!  The food is adequate at best. There is nothing special about this restaurant except for the stratospheric prices. I don't mind spending money on good food but please do not insult me by charging these prices for average cuts of meat. 

I recommend that you hire a professionally trained cook (i.e. personal chef) to come to your home and prepare you a steak. The cost will be the same and you will have a better meal. Further, you do not have to subject yourself to that horrific interior design. This place belongs in Las Vegas, near the airport.
Barclay Prime is an absolutely fabulous experience no lover of meat should pass up.  This particular Starr restaurant is inside the old Barclay Hotel in Rittenhouse Square, but once you walk in, you will feel like you've entered the most swank, sexy and funky library in the modern world.  Of all the Starr restaurants I've had the pleasure of dining in, Barclay Prime definitely had the most exclusive atmosphere --- with prices on the menu to match.  (I will advise this is not the restaurant you want to visit if you're on a budget for the evening).  The main dining room disguised as a library is dimly lit by several chandeliers and filled with marble tables and luxuriously comfortable modern leather chairs in cream and lime.
The service here was excellent --- knowledgeable, pleasant, helpful and I never felt at want for anything while at the same time I also never felt as if I was being hovered over by my waiter, which in my opinion is no mean feat!   
The wine menu is certainly broad enough, both in regards to what's available by the glass or by the bottle.  I tried a few different reds by the glass, my personal fave being a Cecci sangiovese. 
My meal was absolutely stellar, simple as that.  Never one to turn down an opportunity to dig into a tomato & mozzarella salad I found Barclay's version to have more flavor than most, however the mozzarella seemed dryer than I'm used to in this salad.  It didn't ruin the dish, but I noticed it instantly.  This is also my one complaint of the entire evening and its really pretty minor in my opinion.  I do wonder if the dryness of the mozzarella was on purpose, to aid in the way it was presented --- sliced and spiraled around some greens.  In any case, one sip of the lobster bisque made me forget the salad.  Keep in mind I'm not even a huge fan of lobster.  The bisque was incredible rich and creamy and full of flavor.  Seeing the end of the bowl was sad indeed.
Now, one of the nifty-keen aspects of this restaurant is that you get to choose your steak knife!  There were four options, two German & two Japanese, all very sleek. Now you know its time for your steaks. I love steak, and had high expectations for Barclay's entrees.  I was not disappointed in the least.  I ordered the Kobe filet, which was outrageously delicious.  I was amazed with each bite I took.  It could not have been cooked more perfectly and melted in my mouth.  The waiter recommended I order it without any sauces or toppings and I am so glad I experienced the taste of the filet for exactly what it was.  
My boyfriend ordered a 21-day dry-aged ribeye that was also exceptional (although I by far preferred my Kobe filet).  He had it topped with a generous amount of lump crabmeat, which was very succulent and fresh.  We shared a side of monstrous asparagus stalks with a hollandaise sauce that was pretty close to perfect.  I often find hollandaise to be a little strong tasting for my liking but this was not overpowering at all. 
Dinner had been very rich and filling but what is a great dining experience if you leave out dessert?  So, on came the warm cheesecake truffles, paired with four different sauces --- various fruit and chocolate.  I was afraid they'd be too rich for my already filled stomach, but not so.  Once again, another perfect dish.  

What about Barclay Prime's much talked about $100 Kobe cheesesteak (which, mind you, comes complete with a (small) bottle of Veuve Clicquot)?  Sadly, I did not try it this trip, but my boyfriend and are certainly hoping to return with a couple friends who would be interested in splitting it as an appetizer.  

My entire experience here was wonderful and very memorable.  Barclay Prime provided an outstanding dining experience on all fronts.  My only true disappointment was that I hadn't tried the place sooner!
Was this the best restaurant experience of my life? Probably. Everything was absolutely perfect.

Came here for my birthday a couple of weeks ago. Delightful waitstaff. 

We started off with a couple of cocktails, both trying two of their specialty cocktails. They were unique and delicious and used some fascinating ingredients.
As I've recently become a huge fan of foie gras, I ordered the appetizer which was easily the best foie gras i ever had. It was served with a grape jam and mashed peanut topping. Incredible. A taste explosion, really.

We ordered steaks - me the ribeye, she the new york. both cooked masterfully and just wonderful cuts of meat. Thick and juicy, what else do you need? Tried a new bottle of wine - recommended by our waiter that was just perfect and did not try to upsell. Had a side of the au gratin which were cheesy and delicious and the wife had the best creamed spinach either one of us had ever tasted.

But oh those popovers. They were flaky and cheesey and warm and served with this awesome tasting butter. So fantastic. Double up on those popovers. They're that good. 

Had a chocolate cake thing for dessert that was, not surprisingly super sweet and smooth.

An all around excellent experience. This is the kind of place that motivates you to be successful. Some lucky people have the opportunity to eat at places of this caliber often, and if you are one of those, I am jealous! For those of you that dine at places like this rarely, it's worth it. If you only get out to a nice restaurant once a year or once every five years, you won't be disappointed. And for those that are intimidated by fancy restaurants: don't be.  We are not "fancy folk" and we were made to feel very welcome and comfortable. A+++
The outside of Barclay Prime is inviting and screams fancy Rittenhouse spot. I have to say as far as the food I wasn't blown away like I have been at similar steakhouses. We ordered east-west coast oysters which were briny and yummy. Probably my favorite part of the meal. My husband order the 16oz bone in filet and I don't remember if he ordered it or not but it came with a heavy butter sauce on it. He was not having it. If a steak is good it doesn't need a topping unless its mushroom or onions. I had the 8oz and it was good but for the price I want to be humming. Go for the romantic atmosphere order your date some oysters and load up on drinks.
I've been here twice and have been officially converted! The second time was what made it official for me - so ordering the right items might make or break the visit!  The first time I ordered wagyu sliders, beef tartare, and roasted foie gras to start. For the main, split a bone in New York strip and side of truffle Mac and cheese. The wagyu sliders were AMAZING, and everything else was fine. Overall, we ordered too many rich items so we were just overwhelmed by the fat.

The SECOND visit here - oh boy! This time was spectacular. I ordered the wagyu sliders and sea diver scallops to start. Both were amazing! Also tried the yellowtail dish and it was great.  The main was the wagyu ribeye (split among 4 people) - it is huge; it is tasty; but it is SO rich.  Sharing between 4 people was the right move.  Get an entire one for yourself - if you dare. 

Crab cakes were good, nothing spectacular. Potato au gratin was creamy and cheesy.  

The Chilean sea bass was so tender and served in a clam chowder type sauce (thicker). I was skeptical but it worked somehow! Tasty mm mm good! 

Lastly, for dessert we ordered cheesecake and a frozen cappuccino. The frozen cappuccino was amazing (would order again).


I'm SO happy I gave Barclay another shot!  Ordering the right items skyrocketed it from another fine but slightly underwhelming restaurant to a place I'd love to take my loved ones and check out again and again.
Barclay Prime is a experience all in itself. This sleek, modern boutique steakhouse offers some of the best meat and seafood options with impeccable service. They have a nice bar in front and a stunning cozy, intimate dining space. They definitely pay attention to every detail from the decor to the staff and the plating. 

We started our meal with oysters on the half shell, they were a mix of East and West coast oysters and they were fresh and fantastic. Also tried the seared diver scallops paired with fried green tomatos and bacon jam. Outstanding! The scallops were seared to perfection and tender as can be. Next was the wagyu sliders. Juicy, buttery and melt in your mouth. One if the best sliders you will ever have. Next was the roasted foie gras w/butternut squash, apples and hazelnuts. Roasted and seared perfectly, tender and rich in flavor. For our main course we tried the wagyu ny strip. Best steak ever! You could cut it with a fork it was so tender, buttery and just melted in your mouth. I don't think I could eat a regular steak again. I almost forgot the complimentary popovers that were light and airy. For our sides we ordered the creamed spinach, house made tater tots, local mushrooms and fried artichokes. All were outstanding. If your looking for a outstanding dining experience make a reservation.
Spell "overrated":  You guessed it... B-a-r-c-l-a-y P-r-i-m-e.

I went to a reception here a while back and they passed various hors d'oeuvres all night, including the famous sliders.  Those sliders were so freakin' awesome, I had high hopes when I returned for dinner.  Alas, those hopes were dashed right after I finished my slider appetizer.

Tomato Mozzarella salad: delicious.
Sliders: awesome, as expected.
Steaks: meh (and one of our companions said his was overcooked).
Sides: meh AND small.
Dessert: cute and delicious.

We ordered the broccolini, shaved potatoes and onions, fried onion strings, and sauteed spinach with garlic (which they kindly cooked to order).  The broccolini came with aioli, which was ok and kind of a nice change from the usual hollandaise.  The fried onion strings were blooming-onion-esque.  The shaved potatoes and onions were the clear winner... good caramelization, perfect seasoning... but they lost points on size.  I thought steakhouse meant gargantuan steaks and sides (seriously, who can eat 12 ounces of meat in a sitting?).  The shaved potatoes and onions were sufficient maybe for a party of two.  They were sadly inadequate for our fourtop.

If I ever return, I'm camping out at the bar and eating sliders until I'm ready for dessert.
Wow, wow, wow.

A night after being underwhelmed at a private party at The Continental I wasn't sure what to expect at Barclay Prime. My previous experience at Barclay Prime had been a positive one, but it was quite brief, with just two orders of sliders in the lounge area.

This experience would build upon that one and show me how amazing a Starr restaurant truly can be.

I went there on a fixed menu for my brother's graduation dinner. Our menu included two options for appetizers; three options for main, though everyone ordered the steak; and a tasting menu of desserts. Wine and alcohol were not included, and once you threw those in it was well above $150 per person.

The pre-appetizer popover was delectable. Crunchy, buttery, smooth and warm, and inventive for a starter at a steakhouse. Though butter was provided it wasn't needed, but being a glutton for fattening foods I couldn't help but dole out my serving. Those popovers were popalicious.

Following our popovers our appetizers were served. A larger than expected caesar salad dished out with just the right amount of dressing and perfect greens. Topped with what seemed like enough croutons even for me, and I love croutons. The whole caesar was very good, in fact one of the people in our party, a former newspaper food critic, remarked that it was "The best caesar salad in Philadelphia." I trust that statement. 

Now being the gastronomical addicted human being I am I couldn't get just the caesar as a starter. I need more. Accordingly I ordered the other starter, the Wagyu Beef Sliders. Though, since I don't usually mix meat and cheese (I have some weird, mostly self-imposed dietary restrictions) I ordered them without the gruyere cheese that normally comes with them. These sliders were just as tasty as my previous experience had me expecting they would be. The wagyu beef was cooked to a medium temperature and the brioche bun was the perfect complement to the sophisticated beef flavor of the wagyu. For those that have never had wagyu, I can attest that it truly does taste different than regular beef, and on the four occasions that I have enjoyed the pleasure of it I have noted the strong but subtle beef flavor that is distinct from that of regular prime or choice USDA grade beef.

Following these two fattening but delicious appetizers it was time for the piece de resistance.

BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEF.

Did you hear me when I said that? Beef.

But not just any beef. Twelve ounces (after cooking) of delicious top shelf filet mignon, seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly. Not too little, not too much. Everyone in the party agreed, no place cooks a steak as perfectly on temperature as they do at Barclay Prime.

But what came next was a gimmick that I loved. Picking your steak knife. Prior to the delivery of your beefy goodness  a server comes around with a tray of knives .Each a steak knife with supreme cutting power but each uniquely designed and interesting. Faced with an epic dilemma I asked for the servers advice, and landed upon a knife designed by the Porsche design company. Yes, that Porsche, the men and women engineers who construct Porsche cars that race around the track at insane speeds. I found this knife perfectly suited for cutting beef.

The most amazing things about Barclay Prime are they get all the details right. Even so far as delivering everyone their steak without having to ask what temperature each person had ordered. This is a very important aspect that brings a meal over the top.

My medium temperature steak arrived cooked pink. With just a tiny hit of red in the center this steak stared right back at me. This beef required no sauces or additional seasonings. It had clearly been seasoned perfectly in the kitchen and arrived on the table as a big chunk of delicious cow.  The plate consisted of the steak and a tiny bit of garnish on one corner. But the steak was the standout of the presentation, or lack thereof. This is not a complaint in any way, but it was clear that the steak was the star of the show. Honoring the delicious cow bred and raised for us to enjoy on this momentous day of my brother's graduation from college. The presentation in its simplicity conveyed all of this.

After the time spent enjoying our steaks, and the delicious sides of french fries, mashed potatoes, and corn, our meal was coming to an end. I would talk more about the sides but their taste was overpowered by the strong beef flavor of the filet, and just 14 hours after the meal I don't remember much about the main course section of the meal aside from the meat. 

Now I'll skip talking about the dessert because I'm no dessert aficionado. 
But here is what is important. The beef.

Yes, the beef. If you eat chicken or salmon then you may like this place. The atmosphere with faux bookshelves and cool heavily padded seating areas in a surprisingly cozy atmosphere may make your dining experience a pleasant one. But if you eat beef, your dining experience will rock.
I'm not the kind of girl that would usually go to a Steven Starr restaurant, but when my friend offers to foot the bill, I'll give in to curiosity and check it out.

Barclay Prime is all hype.   I agree with Blake S. on the interior design - it's horrifically campy.  It tries far too hard to be edgy (if you've been to the bathrooms there, you know what I mean) and ends up just being mediocre and boring.

Why am I giving it one star?  Because not one but TWO of the steaks at my table had to be sent back.  I ordered mine Medium and recieved it  Well Done.  It was completely brown the whole way through.  My friend (the one who was paying) ordered his steak Rare and got it Medium.  My second steak came back as ordered, but his was basically a slab of raw meat--I'm talking beyond rare.  Like they put it in the pan for five seconds to sear the smallest outer layer and then gave it to him out of spite.  The third member of our party had a perfectly prepared kobe beef steak (medium), and we envied her all night.

This kind of screw-up is abominable at any steakhouse, but at a place where you're paying $75-100 per head, it's inexcusable.  

If you're going to go, definitely spend the extra $$ for the Kobe beef - it tastes exponentially better than their other steaks.  The sliders are a great appetizer, too.   - but you can get those at other restaurants in rittenhouse (like Alfa) and they taste just as good.
You're in Philly. You want a cheesesteak. This place was near my hotel and rumor had it they have a $100.00 cheesesteak. Of course I had to swing by. 

By the time I ordered, I'd chickened out. It was so cold and blustery out. I ordered the lobster bisque and a dark and stormy instead. This was the best lobster bisque I've ever had in my life. The soup base was so velvety smooth, flavorful, with just a touch of heat (cayenne or Tabasco I guess). Oh Lord, I loved this soup. Then there was the lobster. I noticed one whole claw (for the visual effect, I guess). But as I delved deeper into the soup, there were other numerous huge chunks of that delectable lobster meat. So tender. So flavorful. I tore my roll into pieces and tossed them into the dish at the end in order to soak up all remaining drops of soup or leftover pieces of lobster.

This was so good. OMG! And the presentation? It came out of the kitchen in a mini-tureen. OMG. The loveliness of keeping my steam in my bowl until it was in front of me. Let ME get the first whiffs of lobstery goodness.

Wash it all down with a couple of dark & stormys, and life was good. Mmm. I wanted to return to this lovely spot. All warming and welcoming with the dark brown wood interior and single candles on each of the conversationally placed tables. Alas, the work people limited my restaurant choices. No worries. Philly is close enough to DC that I can zip up here on a whim and return to all of my favorite spots! Yes!
In Center City, within a five block radius, if you're looking for a meaty meal you've got your pick from roughly ten steakhouses. Some are good, some are not, but one is best.  In my opinion, none do it as well as Barclay Prime. 

If you've never been inside picture you're a pawn on the chessboard of a game being played in the study of a very rich, very mod book collector whose favorite colors are sunny yellow, pea green, and buttercream (evident by the leather upholstery), who hints at his eccentricity by dangling a half-dozen crystal chandeliers and throwing around a few zebra-printed rugs. 

The menu is not large, but it is mighty. Mighty good. Fat cuts of filet, marbleized ribeyes, over-sized succulent shrimp, lobsters as big as your head, salty pearls of Osetra caviar with mini blinis, chopped egg and house-made creme fraiche, garlicky greens, and creamy or crispy potatoes. And an impeccable staff to serve it all.
Am I the only one that was extremely disappointed? 
So we made reservations and it was my boyfriends birthday. So I called the morning of and asked no matter what he asks for for dessert, and even if he doesn't, to please bring something out with a candle. They said no problem. I also said he's a big guy so if we can get a table not a booth, that would be awesome too. Again, no problem. 
Well, we got there and we needed flashlights to make sure we didn't fall lol. Too dark.  And the table wasn't ready so we waited. They put us in the tiniest table squeezed in between other couples that we were basically touching elbows with. Not fun. 
The food was amazing. The steak was perfect. The lobster bisque has my mouth watering just thinking about it. That wine list was impressive too! I also liked how they came out with a selection of knives for you to choose from as well. 
Dessert time comes around.  My boyfriend doesn't order anything and I don't think it's a problem because I already gave them the heads up.  But did they do it? Nope. 
So for an expensive dinner like Barclay prime is, they didn't come through with the ONLY TWO requests we had for them.  It was a bummer.
I visited this place for a company Christmas dinner.  The food is pricey but worth every penny.  Barclay is known for their steak (I recommend the filet) but they also have delish seafood and poultry options as well-if you don't like red meat.  

The decor is very nice and interestingly enough they have "couches" as seating for some of the tables.  There are chandeliers and bookcases giving it a home-y feel...kind of like you went to visit your rich Aunt.

Service is on point-you will never want or need anything.  Drink empty-they are quick to refill it.  Did you leave the table-they push your chair in and refold your napkin.  Finished with your plate-they take them away before there's clutter.

One unique thing they offer that I've never experienced before is getting to select my steak knife.  The waitress came out with a selection of about 8+ specialty knifes.  Not necessary but definitely a nice touch!
i don't know if my expectations were too high or if i expected fireworks to go off when i ate my steak, but i was disappointed... the ex took me here for my birthday dinner. the food was good. nothing mind-blowing. the service was sub-par, especially given how much you're spending for dinner, you expect to be treated very well but our server seemed to be merely going through the motions (though, to be fair, i guess you cannot really judge the restaurants service based on one person. she might have had an off night?) also i got sick when i got home. (sorry if too much info, stay away from the bisque?!) but i remember my chair being really comfortable... i probably wont be going back.
So considering I don't eat red meat, I would still give this place 5 stars. Unlike a few other places in the city, the fancy atmosphere and high prices actually match the quality of the food and service. This is a the perfect place for business dinners or super fancy dates. The décor is awesome, it is semi modern but also has a great steakhouse vibe, with a touch of cozy comfort. The service was also impressive very professional, and friendly. I really liked my lobster bisque and the sole was fantastic. Cooked perfectly with amazing multiple flavors. Also, all of the slides were great (mac and cheese, veggies, etc.) so come hungry! Finally, the dessert was excellent, I really loved the raspberry layer cake/tart, chocolate layer mousse with brownie layer and of course the deep dish chocolate chip cookie with ice cream. Definitely recommend trying this place out!

PS. Never seen this before, but for steak lovers, they will ask you to pick from a selection of knives (German, Japanese, etc.). Fancy!
I like to think there are few things in life that can match the blush, the flush of life, the rosy richness of a perfectly cooked filet. Perhaps a bride, perhaps a recent graduate, perhaps my smile after dining at the Barclay. 

This is the best Philadelphia has to offer. I have had both of my favorite dining experiences of my life at the Barclay. That's why I've taken so long to write this review. The memory of that snazzy study I dined in.. well, nothing I could write could possibly compare. 
Started with the Kobe sliders (5/5 stars) and they did just that, they slipped, the slid, they exploded with flavor. I accompanied them with a cocktail, sidecar I think it's called- with gin and basil- sounds funny, but this drink is no joke. 
I always have the filet (7/5 stars). I thought I would never love a piece of meat that hadn't been raised on the Argentine grasslands, but I can, thank  you Barclay for making beef a feast even when I'm stateside. (I recommend medium rare, but they'll cook whatever temperature you like to perfection). 
The tater tots (4/5 stars) are quite a delicacy, the creamed spinach is the best I've had in my life (5/5 stars), fuffy and not too heavy. 
I've also had the asparagus, which I do not recommend, they're just steamed sprigs with bechamel sauce. 

It's nearly impossible to leave space for dessert, but I've found a way to stretch my stomach muscles so can, and you should give it a try if you're at the Barclay. I have beautiful dreams of the cookie desert (5/5 stars) which is like  gooey cookies (snickerdoodle, choco chip and peanut butter) with a ball of vanilla ice cream. 

Call it pretentious, call it a Starr, I call it the Barclay Prime, Shangri-la for my tastebuds.
Barclay Prime is a swanky steakhouse, located on the first floor of the historic Barclay Building in Rittenhouse Square. This modern and glamorous restaurant was the perfect spot to celebrate my brother-in-law's graduation from Wharton.

The menu at Barclay Prime offers a traditional menu with modern twists. We had all joked about ordering the Barclay Prime Cheesesteak for dinner. This is not your average cheesesteak! The sandwich comes with wagyu ribeye, foie gras, and truffled cheese whiz. This $120 meal is served with a 1/2 bottle of champagne. My husband decided to order three of these sandwiches without the champagne as an appetizer for our party of eight to split. Without the champagne the sandwich is $85. Unfortunately I could not convince my husband to order one sandwich without truffle cheese whiz since I despise truffles so I did not try the sandwich, but everyone at our table claimed the sandwich was ridiculously amazing. Three sandwiches were too much for seven people to split so most of our party was full before our steaks arrived. 

Barclay Prime serves these amazing popovers instead of bread and the popovers are so addicting. It took all of my willpower to not eat a second popover! Before our entrees were served we were presented with a selection of knives to choose from. The knife presentation was unique, but slightly silly. I ended up choosing a knife with a decorative wooden handle. My filet mignon was cooked to a perfect medium rare and it was so tender that I probably could have cut it with a butter knife. We several side dishes for the table to split (baked potato, creamed spinach, tater tots, and sauteed mushrooms).

Exceptional steaks! Would definitely return to Barclay Prime.
Amazing. Really amazing. 

Found this thanks to Yelp and Open Table and our visit was spectacular.

This place is money. But the food is seriously worth it. We enjoyed Waygu rib-eye, truffle whipped potatoes, crab cake, rib-eye, a split wedge and various desserts. 

The service was spot-on, so polite and attentive yet not intrusive at all. Love the posh elegant art deco setup, though gotta say the giant settee/couches are not comfortable at all to sit on for a few hours....though you can make it work with enough alcohol.

Speaking of, bartender was on point, mixing me up some raspberry mojito concoction that they kept coming and my husband enjoyed a bit of their wine selection.

All in all, so happy we discovered this gem and will be back as often as our budget allows. If you're looking for an upscale steak dining experience, come here.
Disclaimer: If I could, I'd give 3.5/5 stars, however I thought 4 stars was too laudatory.

This restaurant is a lot of sizzle, and a good, not great steak. The ambiance is interesting with a library-feel and couches instead of traditional chairs. My biggest complaint about this is that the couches slide around, a lot. While they are comfortable and certainly interesting, they are on wheels, so every time someone shifts his or her weight you move.

As for the food, I went with a small party on an expense account, and the food was good, not great. I started with a hamachi crudo that was unmemorable but certainly not offensive by any means. I also split the scallop appetizer with a friend and that was probably the best thing that I ate over the course of my meal.

I ordered a porterhouse medium-rare that was supple and cooked to the right temperature, which was great, but was profoundly underseasoned. 

Additionally, the sides were of remarkably uneven quality. They touted their truffle mac and cheese as one of their signature dishes, and it tasted like salty truffle oil and butter that was very much separated, and I'd much prefer a box of Annie's at a 10th of the price. Their tater tots were really exquisite, I would recommend them to any diner. Their potatoes au-gratin were good but nothing special, and their brussels sprouts were good, but also underseasoned.

Their desserts were very good and I would say a redeeming part of the meal. Really among the finer desserts I've had. 

The staff is helpful, but a bit pedantic, probably because I was a younger guest, but to be fair they were considerably nicer after our party made our orders. You get to choose your knife which is a novel concept and definitely has a "wow-factor," but I wanted the same knife as one of my party members had picked, and settled for my second choice knife because I could not figure out how to broach that subject without sounding like an ass.

Overall, this is supposed to be the best steakhouse in Philadelphia, and my steak and sides were underwhelming. I've had better steaks consistently at Butcher and Singer. I was told by a friend that a porterhouse at Barclay is not a "good order," but to that I say "a top quality steakhouse should put out a top quality steak." I would go back again voluntarily provided i didn't have to foot the bill, and wouldn't object if a friend told me to meet them there with knowledge that I would split the bill, but I'm certainly not eager for the day I return. 7/10 for what is supposedly a 5-star establishment.
This is my favorite steakhouse. Less to do with the food (also really yum) but more to do with the experience/service/ambiance of the place.

Went there sat night for a late dinner date with the wife and could not have been happier.   Seating available at the last minute, same waiter that we always get (John) who is very knowledgeable host.

The small touches such as selecting the knife, the seating arrangement, the lights, the free mini treat at the end... makes the ambiance and experience worth the price of admission.

During our most recent visit, we had:
-wagyu sliders as the app
-ribeye & bone in filet 
-mushrooms & gratin of potatoes
- lemon cheesecake

Could not finish the meal but the lemon cheesecake was amazing.

Would highly recommend this place to anybody looking for a date night spot or just a great steakhouse experience/steak :)
We ordered the truffle mac, popovers, potatoes au gratin, and creamed spinach as sides. All of these were excellent and rich versions of these dishes. 

My 60-day aged Ribeye was spectacular. The fat around the edges was a highlight, as that was so deeply savory and complex. The exterior had a heavy char that added a pleasant crisp and grill flavor without being overpowering. The tradeoff with ordering medium is that the center of my cut wasn't that flavorful and could have been more juicy. But, that's a tradeoff I'm willing to make to get the perfectly rendered fatty outer parts of the cut. The whole piece was evenly tender. 

This place is super expensive, by the way. So set that expectation before you go.
This restaurant is perfect for any special occasion: anniversary, birthday, promotion. The staff was more than willing to accommodate dietary restrictions and our server was knowledgeable and professional. The food was exquisite. 

Intimate, delicious and impressive, it's no wonder that Barclay Prime is considered by many to be one of the best restaurants in the city. 

An aside: Yes, this is a more formal dining experience and I was dressed as such. That said, I saw (and personally know) people who've gone to BP in jeans. Relax. As long as your money's green and you've got a hearty appetite, don't let anything stop you from getting here.
Barclay Prime, the restaurant that made me get off my ass and create a Yelp account. Yes, it was that good; food, service, design. 

My girlfriend treated me to an unbelievable meal at Barclay Prime for my birthday. The food and the entire experience was the perfect present.

The decor was beautiful. It was arranged to resemble a dimly lit study room of a mansion. Books were assembled against the walls on wooden shelves. Chandeliers hung from the ceiling, while emitting only a dainty amount of light. Comfortable sofas of a muted green color gave the room an extra flair of hip and modernness, an essence that the STARR Restaurants want to acquire. 

Menu design was clean, very minimalistic. Good sense of hierarchy, as the meats took center of attention. All menus were framed onto leather tablets, giving a sense simplicity with this tablet-centric world.

Onto the food. Our waiter started us off with some popover buns. I wouldn't necessarily talk about the bread and butter before the real meal, but these buns were on the money. Crisp and flakey, resembling a delicious croissant. As much as I wanted to eat it all, didn't want to spoil my appetite.

My main present was the glorious $100 cheesesteak. A brioche bun that was stuffed with kobe beef hangar steak. If i didn't get your attention at kobe beef, maybe the inclusion of poached lobster,  taleggio cheese, foie gras, and topped off with some truffles would entice you. It was delicious, flavorful, moist, and honestly indescribable. One does not throw all these fine ingredients together and get anything subpar. It was like eating gold. I would suggest toasting the bun a tiny bit?

Did I mention that the cheesesteak came with a half bottle of Moet White Star Champagne? I don't know much about champagne, but it complimented the greasy sandwich it came with.

Next on the agenda was the signature 28 day dry aged 16oz NY strip. It came out simply plated, a la carte style, so we added the truffle whipped potatoes. We also had the ability to choose our steak-knife-weapon of choice. I opted for the knife that was showcased at the MOMA, a knife that would not tip over and touch the contents of the table on which it was placed. 

This steak was simply the best. Meat was cooked ever so perfectly, at medium rare. I noticed how tender and packed with hidden flavor in every bite. Some of the edges were charred and gave the meat a smoky flavor. It was absolutely amazing. I can really get used to this dry aged thing. The potatoes were a creamy perfection. You will not be disappointed. 

The service was also wonderful. Very attentive and delighted to answer all of our questions. 

It was probably the best steak I have ever had. I will gladly return once my wallet heals. Thank you. 

PS Stephen Starr, keep rocking with the beautifully designed bathrooms. They are brilliant.
Wow! Thats all I can say. If you want take your girlfriend out, have a guys night out, take out an important client, this is the place to go. This is my favorite steak/sea food spot in the city.  The atmosphere is super cool!  The service is outstanding...the hostess took our jackets and took us to our seats. Our server was very helpful and knowledgeable  in helping us decide on which wine to choose from their huge selection to go with our steak.  She even brought 4 samples for us to try to make sure we didnt choose something we didnt like.  Next, she brought out a trey of 8 different steak knives for each of us to choose one. They were all unique and made in all different parts of the world. I got the one thats made like a samurai sword.  Ok lets get to the food and ill make it short and sweet.... We ordered oysters, filet with sautéed mushrooms , and their signature cheese steak which is $100. Its Obnoxious and hilarious all at the same time.   All of the food was awesome! Best steak in the city! Ive also tried their NY strip in the past and it was incredible.  We skipped dessert this time because it was too much food. Ive had dessert here before and it was very good. This restaurant is expensive and worth every penny. 
Before we knew it wAs 1230am and nobody tried to tell us to leave. When we asked when they close, they simply said they are here until customers are ready to leave and offered us more coffee. Top Notch Service! 
I can keep going about how 5 star this place is! Cant wait for my next dinner here. The
Barclay prime...A very important staple in my life. This place is my favorite steakhouse in Philadelphia by far. Located right in Rittenhouse square, it's decor and atmosphere has a classy flare. I'd recommend making a reservation before stopping in. This place won my heart over since the very first time I stopped in about 4 years ago. I've frequented this place about 30 times since and I've only had a bad experience once when a steak was not cooked to liking but it was New Year's eve and completely chaotic in there so I forgive them. The wait staff there are all very pleasant and the menu makes my belly so happy. Where to start? I'd recommend starting off by asking what type of West coast oysters they have for the day. (They offer east and west coast) west coast are usually smaller and sweeter which I love. All of their seafood is fresh, shrimp cocktail is a safe bet, and I love their Alaskan king crab appetizer. If you're extra hungry I would try the slider duo as well. Their dinner entrees are great, if you don't want steak, their Chilean sea bass is a win, butter poached lobster is good and chicken is just so so. Don't come to a steakhouse and order chicken. Presentation of any dish I've ordered has a nice presentation. About a month ago I tried their Japanese wagyu 18 oz ribeye and omg it was heaven on a plate!!! I didn't finish all of it , microwaved the leftovers the next day, YES microwaved it and it was still mouth watering! It's worth the money and I wish I could personally thank the chef it was prepared by. I think I may only come here for this from now on. Their sides alternate seasonally. I like it when they have corn , but sides are what they are, sides. The tots are fun, remind me of middle school. So a little bit of nostalgia comes with the tab:) My fave dessert here is the cookie! It's made to order, with three parts in it, sugar cookie, chocolate chip, and oatmeal. Comes with vanilla ice cream on top and chocolate sauce which I get on the side. Can't tell you how many times I've ordered this, it's a win in my book. They usually offer you a small complimentary bite size dessert on the house which is a nice touch. It's been things like dark chocolate salted bark, strawberry marshmallows, mini chocolate chip cookies to name a few. Oh yeah and last but not least, restrooms here are unisex so don't be alarmed when you walk in
If you are a steak lover, then you must come here at least once.  The aged porterhouse is excellent; it is very flavorful and always seared to a perfect medium rare.  I never stray from that order but I have tried the ribeye and been pleased with the marbling and flavor.  The sole is nicely seasoned and almost melts in your mouth.  The sides are all decent but I highly recommend the truffled mac and cheese; it's indulgently rich and creamy.  The octopus ceviche is okay, but I have had better ceviche.  Then again, you come here for steak, not ceviche.  I would go with the bacon wrapped scallops instead.  The wine list is pretty good; we had an excellent merlot on a past occassion.  Finish off with the chocolate chip creme brulee; it's very creamy and rich but you only live once so your taste buds deserve it.

The service is always flawless; it's attentive without any hovering.  A great place to get quality steaks.
We stumbled in to the dim, sexy, and black leather-clad bar, sans reservation, on NYE 2013. It was my boyfriend's first time at Barclay. After our meal, he proclaimed it his new favorite restaurant in the city.

28 Day Dry Aged 16 Oz. NY Strip - 5 out or 5.
We opted for the medium rare preparation without any of the sauces. Believe me, the meat is so flavorful you won't want, or need, to augment it.

Truffle Mac & Cheese - 4.5 out of 5
Whenever I dine at Barclay, I always get the side of Truffle Mac. The black truffle is always so pronounced, earthy, and mesmerizing. The first time I tried this dish, the experience was "roll-your-eyes-back-in-your-head-and-sink-back-in-your-chair" good. This time, I detracted 0.5 stars because the pasta was a little too al dente, or firm. It could have cooked for a minute or two longer and would have been perfect. The cheese was oozing and the perfect accompaniment to the cellentani (large, hollow, corkscrew) pasta. 

Beef Steak Tartare (Hand-Chopped Filet Mignon with Dijon Sauce) - 5 out of 5
My boyfriend ordered this dish and we both agreed that the texture, acidity, and creaminess were in perfect balance. While I had a small bit of doubt about ordering raw steak, I was amazed at how flavorful and silky the steak tasted. The crostini was nicely prepared thin and toasted with some seasoning and oil. I would order it again!

Hamachi Crudo - 5 out of 5
Fantastic. We loved the light marinade and the crunchy noodles on top. This dish was simple, elevated, and addictive.

Overall, Barclay delivers--and then some. It was lovely to spend NYE there and we look forward to going back as soon as another special occasion arises!
i've never spent more money on a dinner than here, but i have to say it was a once in a lifetime experience and well worth it.

i decided to treat my fiance to an amazing dinner here and told him to order whatever he wanted and believe me, he did not hold back :)

we started with some cocktails, oysters, the famous cheesesteak, a steak and some lobster and some sides.

COCKTAILS: my boyfriend said his old fashioned was pretty good, maybe not worth $28, but a fricken good old fashioned. i got the not your mother's juice and it was good! very refreshing

OYSTERS: we got a half dozen all east coast and honestly, they're not as big as i'm used to. they were a bit of a let down, i probably would never order them here again unless they can reassure me they're big and juicy

CHEESESTEAK: well worth it, and it comes out with champagne which does a great job of cutting the heaviness of the steak. it was definitely THE BEST CHEESESTEAK i've ever had. and i know that it's not something you can splurge on often so i did my best and experiencing every second of this sandwich. we did ask to get it split into 4's; we each ate 1 piece, SCREAMED at how amazing it was and then saved the other 2 pieces for the next night (it was still amazing, if not better, reheated in the toaster oven in the comfort of our own home) and i also enjoyed the pickled peppers that came with the cheesesteak

STEAK: we got the A5 wagyu 18oz ribeye (aka the most expensive steak on the menu) and man it was BUTTER. melted in our mouths. some pieces were a little bit chewier than i'd like but it was amazing. 

LOBSTER: the butter poached lobster here is delicious as well as a big serving. it was cooked perfectly, could have had a TOUCH more seasoning but i was pleased

SIDES: we got the mashed potatoes and the broccoli rabe. for the pricing, i would expect a bigger portion. it was only 2 people and with all the food we ordered, we still cleaned up the sides and was left wanting more

TIPS: the house poivre sauce here is WAYYY too salty. i also hate that it's nowhere near the traditional style where it's creamy. i ended up asking for the horseradish creme fraiche which was delicious. the sides are way too small for the pricing here, especially if the guest is ordering the most expensive steak on the menu, you'd think you'd get your sides for free.

all in all, this is a good steakhouse, definitely not that you come to often. the ambiance is different than your typical steakhouse; it's set up like a library almost. some of the people here were dressed to the 9's while others were in sweatshirts and sweatpants which i thought was odd. it's an experience and YOU GOTTA GET THE CHEESESTEAK
After a 6 country European birthday trip, I was back home and still ready to celebrate. I decided to do a birthday dinner and Barclay Prime was the restaurant of choice. I wanted to taste the $120 philly cheesesteak that I've been hearing so much about which was also on my bucket list as it being the most expensive in the world. The ambiance was exceptional and my waiter was great, but that $120 philly cheesesteak was disappointing to say the least. It was nothing spectacular and definitely wasn't worth the price. 

The popover with butter was to die for. The lamb chops were seasoned to perfection and very tasty alongside the mac & cheese. 

For dessert I had the warm deep dish cookie which was delectable. 

Overall it was a wonderful experience from the picking of your own knife to the knowledgeable & friendly wait staff. Loved the dark, romantic ambiance but the Philly cheesesteak tasted more like it should have been $20 instead of $120.
First off, I didn't order the $100 Cheesesteak. My dinner companion did and couldn't finish it (which, as a former football player is saying something). Truffle Mac n Cheese, Tater Totes and a very nice filet. Excellent - truly excellent. 

On top of that, the bartender made 2 absolutely perfect cocktails for me. He made the drinks and brought them out each time himself and made sure I was happy with them before going back. 

Only downside - holy @#$@#$ is it expensive. 2 people, a few drinks and dinner and we were pushing $400. In NYC, Tokyo, London or Singapore I wouldn't blink (and I haven't), but in Philly it was a bit shocking. Still, looking back, it was totally worth it.

Wish I'd taken pictures but I was too busy enjoying myself.
If you're on the fence about going here, just do it. Even during Covid, even dining outside, it was still a five-star experience. 
Drinks: 
Lemon drop - I did not specify a vodka, it was made with Belvedere. A solid cocktail, well-made, but it wasn't quite the taste I was looking for so I switched after one.
The metropolis - Delicious! Vodka based with white cranberry juice and thyme. Light, refreshing, not overly tart.
Old fashioned - perfectly done. Solid, strong, paired great with steak.
Starters:
Hamachi crudo - Excellent! The flavors are extremely well balanced, and everything else on the plate enhances the taste of the fish.
Oysters - Solid. Fresh and bright, and the mignonette helped to showcase the oysters.
Alaskan King crab - what can I say? Delicious crab, served chilled with cocktail sauce on the side.
Mains:
A5 American Wagyu NY Strip -  Perfection. the crust on the steak gave A great texture contrast to the buttery and soft inside. Absolutely no need for any type of sauce or topping addition. Seriously, don't put anything on it, it's served sliced with a light sprinkle of salt over it. Absolutely perfect.
3lb Lobster - lobster tail and claws served out of the shell in a shallow bowl garnished with thin sliced lemon and sitting in a pool of drawn butter. Absolute Decadence. 
Sides:
Whipped potatoes - velvety smooth and creamy, rich and buttery, paired perfectly with the steak.
Broccolini - crisp and slightly charred. A bright flavor from the lemon/garlic/shallot? that helps to cut through the richness of the other dishes.
Dessert:
Creme Brûlée - textbook perfection. Crispy top over the silliest of custards. A great ending.

This was a splurge meal for my SO's birthday. We were very well aware of the cost of this place ahead of time, and planned and saved accordingly. Yes, it was expensive. However, if you're going to go here you might as well "go all out". Enjoy the drinks, order a starter or two, and you must have dessert. I've included a picture of our bill for anyone else (like us) for whom this would be a once in a lifetime / splurge meal so that you can have a realistic idea of how much you'll be spending.
lovely lovely experience for a bday dinner!! complimentary dessert and a wonderfully delicious dinner at an amazing space 

the food: obviously get at least one of the steaks. i got the ribeye (not kosher rib eye) and one of the wagyu's - the server recommend that i go medium with the wagyu and medium rare on the ribeye and i think it was the right choice! any rarer for the wagyu i feel like would've been too raw to enjoy the softness of the wagyu texture. honestly the truffle mac and cheese i would pass next time, i LOVED the whipped potatoes ( so soft) and the broccoli dish. it comes with garlic pieces that melt in your mouth and are seasoned with lemon! 

the place: very dark lighting ngl - but beautifully pulled together! i love the living room library esque vibe and it made it seem modern with still a luxuriously warm feel
Intelligent. Sophisticated. Seductive. Delicious. Luckily for me, these words describe the restaurant and its food, as well as my company for the evening. Barclay Prime is a must if you're looking to take in a fine dining experience in Philadelphia.

Slower on a Sunday night, but the service from entry to exit was excellent. Greeted very nicely with a coat check and seated promptly in a cozy spot along the dimly lit wall (these were most likely decorated with books that nobody wanted, but charming nonetheless).

Our Malbec by the glass was full-bodied and went well with our nueske bacon and scallops, which were cooked perfectly, capturing all of the intricate flavors that this yummy combo offers. The bacon was thinly wrapped around a jumbo scallop, and both were placed atop a fried green tomato. Our server said that it was his favorite appetizer; we could see why.

Dinner didn't disappoint, either. First, it came out fairly quickly, but not too quickly. My 8oz Tajima fillet was cooked medium-rare, and was pleasantly pink on the inside and crisp on the outside. Her de-shelled, 3lbs lobster was bathing in delicious butter, and both were great choices. 

Sides come a la carte (the menu says they're $10 each, but be forewarned, that's not what we paid for them!), and we chose truffle whipped potatoes, sautéed mushrooms, and truffle mac 'n cheese. My favorite was the mushrooms (mushrooms and steak, always good); her favorite were the whipped potatoes. The mac 'n cheese was good, but the bacon didn't do it for me. The entire dinner was very rich and very satisfying. We had leftovers from all three sides.

Dessert. Seemingly simple, but don't let the deep dish cookie's title fool you. This dessert was well crafted and as decadent as you'd want. Divided in thirds and served warm, there were samples of a warm triple chocolate chunk, snicker-doodle, and peanut butter cookie; with vanilla ice cream on top and caramel sauce on the side (we didn't even use it!). We both thought the triple chocolate chunk cookie was the best, with the snicker-doodle coming in second. 

Throughout the evening one of the servers helped to rile up a bit of competition by pointing out which of us kept our dining area neater; the joke was well received, but more importantly the constant attention to cleanliness was appreciated. One of the cooler tidbits is that I was provided with a selection of steak knives - our server came over and asked me to, "choose my weapon." Very cool. I went with a Japanese knife, which we all thought was fit for the kill.  

A longer review, but hopefully worth it; the meal certainly was. Probably gets four stars but the atmosphere and circumstances around the night bump it up a notch. Check out Barclay Prime - you'll be glad you did!


----------------------------------------UPDATES-----------------------------------------------------
I couldn't stand that this review wasn't my first that showed up, so I deleted the update and will post the main point here. DO NOT GET THE $100 CHEESE STEAK! (from 8/1/2011)

Another important update - went for my 2-year anniversary with the lady and informed the restaurant on open table... they provided such amazing service, served us dessert that said Happy Anniversary, and sent us home with a special mini anniversary cake. TREMENDOUS. (from 12/18/2012)
The restaurant is beautiful, dimly lit yet warm and perfect for a date.  The food is delectable and I was impressed with the selection. However, the service left something to be desired. Our waitress was cold, seemed rushed, a little impatient at times. I wanted suggestions on wine and she didn't give me any insight, just made a suggestion. I really expect the servers to be able to tell me about the products and menu at a place where I'm dropping nearly $100 on tip alone.  The manager was circulating, asked us how the steak was and he was pleasant.  But I expect more at a place like this. 

Thankfully, the food was fantastic. 

The steak was phenomenal. My American Waygu filet mignon was like butter. No sauce needed, it melts in your mouth. The chilled lobster cocktail was an entire lobster served on the rocks with cocktail sauce and I wondered, "why doesn't my favorite steak house back home do this?"  Even the rolls were delicious. My suggestion on dessert-- cheesecake hands down. We had the layer cake too, but the cheesecake was creamy, light, sitting atop a hearty gingerbread crust and covered with sweet sliced strawberries.
Quarantine induced psychosis must be a real thing, because my boyfriend and I paid $95 for a takeout cheesesteak! While the experience is likely so much cooler when you're sitting in the restaurant as opposed to taking out and eating at your own dining room table, it was still pretty cool! Calling this magnificent creation a cheesesteak is kind of disrespectful. This sandwich was the most delicious steak I have ever tasted, topped with the most delicious cheese ever, and then placed on this garlicky amazing roll. And of course we are fancy bitches so we got the champagne to go with it, which was also surprisingly fabulous. The steak they use for this sandwich is the most tender steak I've ever had. You really didn't even have to chew it, which was kind of weird but also interesting. 
We also got the truffle mac and cheese that while delicious wasn't anything to write home about. Crab cake appetizer was above average too but not mind blowing. 
I think the key to Barclay Prime is stick to the steak! Everything else is just a distraction. Hopefully soon when indoor dining is a thing again we will get the full experience.
This was one of the highlights of our visit to Philadelphia. First of all, the setting is something special - cozy and elegant at the same time. There are cushy armchairs and loveseats offering comfortable seating in an spacious room decorated with old books. 

Next, the food - My husband split the aged ribeye and the three pound lobster tail. The steak was definitely one of the best I've ever had. It was perfectly tender, yet had a slightly crisp crust. The flavor given to the steak by the dry-aging was intensely beefy, and it didn't need any of the additional sauces. This is what steak is supposed to taste like!

The lobster was amazing! It was so rich that I was glad I was splitting it with my husband. The sweet buttery lobster was the perfect match to the steak, so I would definitely recommend this pairing. It's expensive, but it's a surf-n-turf to remember.

As a side, we took our server's recommendation, and tried the tater tots. These crisp-on-the-outside, creamy-on-the-inside tots bear no resemblance to the frozen supermarket variety. They are more like potato croquettes, and I can honestly say these were the best tater tots I ever had. Having said that, I think I would try other side on my next visit. The couple next to us loved their macaroni and cheese. 

My husband and I also tried the creamed spinach. It was very tasty, but I couldn't get Boston Market's version out of my head. It was too similar, so I think I would try a different veggie next time.
I agree with Aaron H.'s assessment of Starr's restaurants, which is why I typically avoid most of them.  That said, we ate at Barclay Prime last night and I LOVED it!  The funky decor is fun and inviting--it feels like you're eating in a Rat Packer's home office or library.  (I did find the ornate crown-molded ceilings and crystal chandeliers to be odd and distracting...but, hey, I'm no interior designer and they certainly didn't detract from the quality of the food.)
Speaking of food...our party of 4 went all out!!  We started with jumbo shrimp cocktail, bacon-wrapped scallops and soft-shelled crab...all fabulous!!  Then we split the harvest and chopped salads...which were also excellent.  My husband opted for the 24-oz Porterhouse ($46) and, not to be outdone, I actually ordered the 16-oz Kobe strip steak ($90)!!  WOW!!  Both steaks came out, as ordered, perfectly rare and mine melted in my mouth faster than the scallops I'd had minutes earlier.  We split several sides (tater tots, sauteed mushrooms, asparagus, fried onions) that were good...but largely underwhelming compared to the rest of the food.  I don't remember what the others had for dessert because I was savoring the largest creme brulee I've ever seen.  YUM!  We paired all of this with two bottles of Malbec from the wine list.  It's a terrific list--very extensive--although the mark-up prices seemed even higher than usual.  
The staff was the most fun, sincere and down-to-earth I've ever experienced in a Starr restaurant.  The hostesses were welcoming and sweet and actually skipped the head-to-toe once-over you often get.  Our server was well-poised and knowledgeable...happily fielding our questions while wittingly responding to our jokingly-irreverent comments.  Even our fellow diners were pleasant...not your typical "here to see and be seen crowd."  As for the dress code, my hubby wore the "preferred" dinner jacket...but gave me a look when he noticed that other men were wearing tees and hawaiian shirts.  
As great as it was, I've crossed it off the list and don't see myself ever going back...hence the less-than-5-star rating.

Finally, note to Steven Starr:  STOP WITH THE UNISEX BATHROOMS...they're CREEPY!!
Had an excellent meal with two friends here. For apps we shared shrimp cocktail, scallops and beef tartar. All were tasty and I would give 4/5. The steak is the standout! I shared a medium porterhouse and the meat was cooked to perfection and melted in my mouth - 5/5! The bread popovers were delicious. This is my 3rd visit and it is consistently a great experience!
Really just an amazing meal. Possibly the best steakhouse I've been to outside of Vegas. Waygu NY strip was just phenomenal. And the bread - oh the bread! So yummy.

Tuna tartare was solid, if unspectacular. Service and ambiance were all excellent. Co-ed bathroom was a little odd. Weird to wash my hands beside drunk chicks talking about their dates

Overall - just awesome
Almost every steakhouse has their own niche or special little small thing that they do in order to distinguish themselves from the competition. Barclay Prime's thing(s) is the selection of knives that they let you choose from and their famous Kobe beef cheese steak sandwich. 

I must say that you should try this cheese steak at least once, it really is amazing; however, I felt as though they could have given me 2 pieces of bread with with the same amount of beef instead of 3 pieces of bread with smaller portions of beef.

They also give you a tiny bottle of champagne with the cheese steak which in my opinion is worthless because who drinks champagne with a cheese steak?! Actually, who drinks champagne at all? Lol

Either way you need to try this cheese steak. You won't regret it.
Jason and Arlene make this once awesome restaurant amazing.   I say once because it has clearly lost it's edge.   No longer serving cookie Cake for dessert nor Neuskie Bacon has me question going back.

I knew coming here I would spend a lot of money.   You can do that in any steak house.   At Barclay it was worth it.  Steaks from the presidential ranch, sides better than any other steak joint, freakin awesome popovers, actual Kobe beef, etc, etc, etc. 

Sure, I'll be back, but, I just won't have such high expectations...
So I've been here a few times when I was younger it's always been a descent place.

Was a little annoyed last time I went there.  I ordered the kobe a5 filet it was the special and its just not real a5 Japanese beef -not even close.  It was a great steak don't get me wrong but anyone that has been to Japan (I've been there and my girlfriend with me was Japanese) can tell it's not real Japanese a5 as the taste and look is quite different.  

I know in America 99 percent of the Kobe beef is fake or its just a term.  In this case it's an upscale statehouse, it lists American wagyu and Japanese a5 separately, and I confirm with the waiter I expect it to be real.  I guess it was  100 and it costs more than that in Kobe so I'm an idiot it can't possibly be real.  But I mean seriously at an upscale place you don't expect to be aggressively lied to.

Other than that a pretty good upscale statehouse maybe a 3.75 star if they didn't lie about that.  Probably overreacting but when you drop 350 for your girlfriends dinner your just not expecting to get ripped off. 

The waitstaff was nice ( except the bartender didn't give me 9 dollars of change for 2 drinks) and the decor is bad ass.
Overpriced and Underwhelming
Lobster: $100
Sole: $80
four slices of raw scallop: $18

Why do people go to Starr restaurants? Why did I? Because someone wanted to take me. Good thing I wasn't paying. Food was very so-so, service is bizarre, choose my knife? Choose my knife?
Phenomenal dining experience for a rowdy bachelor party of 7. 

Service was spectacular. We had two servers taking care of us. Nothing was missed, there were no mistakes, and they were knowledgable and helpful.

Steaks are out of this world. I enjoyed the $120 cheesesteak. If you are thinking that this is a waste than you have something else coming. This was THE best sandwich I have ever had in my life. It came with a half bottle of champagne. Others enjoyed aged steaks. The bread with baked in Gruyere cheese is out of this world.

Ordered a Manhattan and was not impressed, but this was only a minor debt in the night. Wine was great. 

Will be returning.
I was lucky enough to get a late NYE reservation at Barclay Prime and like most Stephen Starr restaurants, the service was outstanding.  Our waitress, Tara, was fun, energetic, knowledgeable, and just an overall cool chick.  She really set the stage for an awesome ringing in of the new year.

I wouldn't say I am a steak connoisseur, but having moved from NY last year I will say that I have been to my fair share of amazing steakhouses and nothing in my life has compared to the filet mignon I had last night.  HOLY MOLY.  First of all, I was able to choose the type of knife I wanted to use and there was no way I was passing up a Japanese throwing knife.....but I digress....that steak.  The way it is seared gives the outside a slight "crunch" (for lack of a better word) and the most amazing flavor.  Then you get to the middle and the meat is melt in your mouth, thank you Jesus,  oh no you didn't...types of deliciousness.  I can not even explain in words how good it was.

I also got mashed potatoes, broccoli, Mac and cheese, dranks, and salads (plus the complimentary popovers), but the show stealer was obviously the meat.  I can't wait to go back....in fact, I just made another reservation.  

I would like to thank Barclay Prime and Mr. Starr for giving my taste buds the ride of their lives.
Finally saved up enough money to try this place. lol. It was well worth it.  The server was fun yet professional.   The caesar salad just might be the best in the city.  The foie gras was spectacular. The rib eye and the sirloin was cooked to perfection and incredibly tasty.  We also tried two sides, mushrooms and mac and cheese.  The former was excellent but the latter just ok.  

Very nice ambiance- classy with beautiful lighting fixtures.  My only complaint was their seating of guests.  We ate late on a Wednesday with only two other tables sat after us; they sat them basically on top of us (tables are very close to one another) while 95% of the restaurant was open! Awkward!!

Nothing is cheap there and the wine pricing is aggressive; consider it a splurge but one that won't disappoint!

Gregg
Go! This lovely treat in the heart of Rittenhouse Square really may be my new favorite steak house in Philly. Stephen Starr's luxury meat and seafood "boutique" really blew me away.

Everything is so chic and sexy. From the small, intimate bar to the couch seating with marble tables, just gorgeous. My family has a yearly steak meal on Christmas eve and this was the best I can remember. You must try the Barclay Bellini if you are a fan of Bellini's; best I ever had. It has some vanilla in it and it's so refreshing. 

Glen was a fabulous server. He was extremely friendly, informative and warming. He gave us great suggestions and told us fun stories, he was a treat. 

The popovers everyone is talking about literally melt in your mouth. Warm and crispy outside and velvety inside. The fresh sea salt butter was just the diamonds on top. 

We started with the Scallops, Ceviche and fresh Crab... all of them were mouth watering. The scallops were pan seared perfectly, the ceviche was crispy and flavorful and the crab was perfection. Just great. 

The Filet was perfect and the sides, creamed spinach, baby carrots with honey glaze and truffle oil mashed potatoes did not disappoint. I could have bathed in the truffle oil mashed potatoes. They accidentally brought out the regular whipped potatoes and those were velvety perfection as well.

For dessert we went with the Creme brûlée cake and coconut ice cream, it was the perfect end. The ice cream was clearly house made and I want to know if they can ship it to my house.... DELICIOUS!

I can NOT wait to return!!
One word: overrated. Steak was nothing that special, although properly cooked to medium rare. The fat distribution on the meat was weird...it seems like the meat had fat clusters rather than nicely distributed marbling. 

Their sliders are actually excellent and they have a rather nice list of single-malts. The decor is nice enough that you can bring dates you want to impress.
We went back to Barclay prime for date night and unfortunately won't be returning. The evening started out well. Absolutely loved the hamachi crudo. The wagyu sliders were also delicious. However the porterhouse (ordered medium) came out completely raw. There was no waitress in sight for at least 15 minutes. We eventually showed her the steak which she immediately agreed was cooked incorrectly and a decent wait later (after everyone else was done eating) it was brought out. 
They had recooked the same steak instead of making a new one! It's great not to waste things but now the meat was dry and tough, and somehow the center was still undercooked. And yes, they included this ruined steak on our bill. This is such poor form for a restaurant that claims to specialize in streak. We expected much better Barclays Prime. We will never be back.
I visited Barclay Prime telling myself "I'm not getting the steak. I'm getting something light, like seafood or a salad and I'll be satisfied with just a bite of the steak that my boyfriend ends up getting. Yep, no problem, just keepin' it light."

Okay, here's what really happened: I ended up with my own 16 oz. dry-aged NY strip and I ate every bite. With a side of buttery potatoes. Oh, and a Roquefort cheese dipping sauce to boot. I rolled out of there with no regrets!

To be fair, we did also down the kale salad, which was lovely and just as light as I expected. The popovers served with sea salt butter were unbelievable - I almost want to come back just to have another taste. And I had a few bites of the 18 oz. dry-aged ribeye - honestly the best piece of steak I have ever tried.

Our server was a huge help throughout the night, she pointed us in the right direction for each dish and came around often to see how we were doing. To keep this place really fancy and exciting, they like to let you choose your own steak knife and they describe each one to you (as if you understand the difference). Not to mention, the steaks were all dinosaur sized! Honestly, they could probably charge more for steaks of this size and quality - I feel like I ate my money's worth!

Barclay Prime was a treat!
In my opinion Barclay Prime is not just the best steakhouse in Philadelphia but among the very top restaurants in Philly period. 

Front of house is exceptionally professional.  Arriving for a dinner in a private dining room has the host walking the diners outside and into the room accessible by its own entrance. No pointing, no loose directions, just handles the customer. 

Servers are professional. Understand and can review every menu selection thoroughly. Most importantly, once you place your order, from drinks to appetizers to dinner......you receive your plate/glass at the same time as others in your party without a hint of questions about "who had the Manhattan ". They know. They always get it right. 

The food is great. Not sure I can articulate any descriptions that haven't been used. The waygu sliders, just try them. Even the chopped salad gets the works. Crispy, vinegar flavors, feta adds creaminess and salt. Rest assured if I made this knowing the ingredients it would just not balance the same way. 

Heading to a 4 $$$$ restaurant should be an experience and Barclay Prime delivers.
Hello Happy Hour! When I travel alone, I will often visit a restaurant for happy hour to grab dinner. After reading Yelp and Eater reviews, I strolled down to Barclay Prime. The happy hour offers a bartender's choice margarita as well as discounted wine and beer. They also have specials on "small bites" and raw bar items.

On this visit I enjoyed a pomegranate margarita as well as the bubbly that was on special. Both were great choices for me. I also endulged in oysters from the raw bar. They East Coast, well-sized and flavorful.  What was the best surprise was the popover that was offered. It was light, amazing and melt-in-your-mouth wonderful! And the server offered a second I had to refuse because you would have had to roll me out of there.

On the note of service--top notch. My server was attentive without being intrusive. She made great suggestions and took great care of me. I will be venturing back to Barclay Prime on my next Philly trip and hope to be able to afford to try the full menu sometime soon.
This is not your father's cheesesteak!! This is one of the top 5 things I have ever put in my mouth!! Ever!! It does come with half a bottle of champagne so drinks are included with $120 price tag. I think my frugality is well documented. With that said, this is definitely a cheesesteak you can plan a splurge, anniversary, birthday, boy's, girl's night/weekend around and not be disappointed. The picture of 2 filets is a wagyu filet next to a USDA filet. Wagyu is different with a lot of flavor.
Absolutely amazing, and I don't even eat meat!!! I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday on a Friday night. We arrived about a half hour early and grabbed a drink at the bar. I ordered the Beet the Heat cocktail (spiced rum, fresh beet juice, fresh lime, agave nectar); it was light and refreshing.

After drinks, we were seated in the main dining room. The décor has a nice retro-modern twist and is very different than your standard steakhouse which I typically find far too dark and musky.

We started with complimentary gruyère and herb pop-overs; they were airy, cheesy perfection (and you can have as many as you want). For appetizers, I ordered oysters (half east cost, half west coast) and my boyfriend ordered the Wagyu Slider Duo. Both types of oysters were delicious, but if I were to order them again, I'd stick with just the west coast ones. My boyfriend loved his sliders. 

As for entrées, I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass and my boyfriend ordered the 12 oz. Filet Mignon cooked rare (as it should be). My fish was amazing, I would highly recommend it. My boyfriend said his filet mignon was hands-down the best steak he's ever had; he said it just melted in his mouth. We also ordered the roasted broccoli and potato gratin sides; both were great and much larger than anticipated.

To top it off, we ordered the Warm Deep-Dish Cookie Trio (chocolate chip, sugar, and oatmeal raisin) which comes topped with vanilla ice cream and a side of chocolate sauce. I'm usually not a dessert person, but the oatmeal raisin portion of the cookie trio was to die for. It was hot, gooey, and spiced to perfection. I'm drooling just writing about it.

Our waiter, Matthew, was excellent, and the service in general was superb. For those ordering steak, you get to pick your steak knife which I thought was pretty cool and unique. The prices are steep, but you really do get what you pay for. The portions are not small by any means and you won't find meat or fish of that quality for much less elsewhere in the city. If you're looking for an amazing meal and a fine-dining experience, Barclay Prime is the way to go. We will most definitely be returning!
Avoid the happy hour. First, there seemed to be an unwillingness to even provide the happy hour menu. I assume it is due to the reduced prices which may result in a reduced tip. The drinks from that menu were subpar and definitely watered down. This was proven when I ordered from the regular menu. At that point I actually had a drink with some substance. It was also at that point, the bartender decided he would actually engage with us....now that we were spending more money.
Sorry this review is so long, but I just want to rave about the amazing experience I had here... one of the best steaks I've ever had, with great service and a cozy atmosphere to go along with it!

Although there wasn't much decor, I enjoyed the minimalistic atmosphere. There were a few wooden bookshelves and the most comfortable couches to dine on! Definitely the nicest seating I've ever had at a restaurant. I'm short, and the table wasn't too tall for me, which was awesome. Each table had quite a bit of space to itself, too.

The food was delicious, and each portion was considerably large. Two friends and I ordered the 50 oz tomahawk ribeye ($85), caesar salad ($12), and fingerling potatoes with aioli ($10), ringing the check up to ONLY $36/person + tax + tip!
* Caesar salad: I was a little irritated that my friend had ordered the caesar salad of all things since pretty much every restaurant serves caesar salad, but wow, Barclay Prime's caesar salad delivered! And only for $12, which some very meh places can almost get up to since salads are so expensive for some reason. The caesar dressing was just right--not too tangy or creamy, but with great flavor--and the lettuce was fresh.
* Seafood cocktail: Since our steak was 50 oz (in one piece!), it took forever to cook. Barclay Prime gave us a complimentary seafood cocktail for waiting, which obviously made us all very happy! Without it, it would definitely have been a long and hungry wait for the steak.
* Tomahawk ribeye: When the steak finally came out, I was pleasantly surprised that even though the steak was so thick, all the meat was still juicy! (I did not have that experience at Butcher & Singer the one time I went.) The steak was a little undercooked in the middle since it was extremely thick, so we mentioned it to the waiter, and he kindly took those pieces back to cook some more. My two friends said this was definitely the best steak they've ever had, and it was definitely up there for me.
* Fingerling potatoes: The potatoes were pretty good, but not as outstanding as the rest of the food we had. We were already full by the time we got to it anyway. The next time I come, I may just get an appetizer and a 50 oz ribeye.
* We were too full for dessert, but the server gave us a few caramel chocolate truffles anyway.

Server did not push us to order more than we wanted to. At the end of the meal, we mentioned we were so full, and the waiter mentioned that some people eat the entire 50 oz steak by themselves. But he seemed to be fine with how much we had ordered in the beginning + the 2 freebies, so that was great. He stopped by decently often and was very accommodating!
i decided to hit this place up again after some convincing that i had been dead-wrong about my opinion on this place and that their bone-in filet was not to be missed. boy am i glad i kept an open mind!

holy cow you have not lived until you have had the bone-in filet at barclay! it was ridiculous. beyond delicious, perfectly med rare and for the first time in my life i was more into the meat than the potatoes (what can i say, i'm a carb junkie). it was so good i am embarassed to say there was nothing dainty about how i devoured almost all of it. i wasn't brave enough to retry the lobster bisque (heh) instead i opted for the crab cocktail (enormous, perfect chunks of ice cold fresh crab) which was the perfect start to the meal. also want to give shout outs to the extra dirty martini which was fabulous and the service which, far different than my previous experience, was impeccable. nice work, barclay, living up to the hype!
Popovers! Get them! This is their bread. SOOO delicious and airy. I tried to take one home for the wife to try since it was a guys night, but I ended up leaving it by accident. My steak was definitely yummy and cooked just right. Besides the sprouts, the sides were nothing to write home about. The shared lobster we got for the table was just alright as well. The lobster bisque was good but not for what you pay for it. Get ready to spend a nice penny and definitely make a reservation! Drinks are pricey as well, but it is Rittenhouse, so you have to expect it. Definitely better than some of the other high-end steak establishments. I would go back for the popovers and steak for sure. The rest they can keep.
*HIGHLY RECOMMEND*
4.5/5 STARS

Barclay Prime is part of Starr restaurant group so you know it'll be good. This upscale fine-dining restaurant is great for special occasions when you are prepared to splurge because it is definitely not cheap. I love the low light setting with low table couch seating because it enhances the intimate atmosphere. Dress code is also more semi formal than casual. Steak wise, they have a good variety of options from standard to American Wagyu to Japanese Wagyu. They know how to prepare the steak to medium rare perfection. They also have a good selection of seafood platters as well. They served the quality of the ingredients and it is definitely worth the experience.

*DINNER*

Hamachi Crudo - 4 slices of fresh hamachi with citrus ponzu and avocado jalapeño topping. The hamachi was very fresh and decadent. The citrus ponzu, not as sour as I thought, perfectly pairs well with the light hamachi flavor.

Seared Diver Scallops - the scallops was cooked to PERFECTION. The texture was so soft and tender, not chewy at all, like you're eating raw scallops but it was fully cooked. The citrus sauce was the highlight. It was sour, which I love. The broiled mushroom was also very juicy but crispy, 

Glatt Kosher Ribeye - perfectly medium rare. A bit too salty for my liking. Think it would go very well with some sauce but we didn't get any. Good but not my favorite.

American Wagyu Filet Mignon - when you think about how tender and buttery Wagyu can be, this did its jobs. Easy to cut, easy to chew with just enough saltiness. Perfectly cooked to medium rare.

Truffled mashed potatoes - great mashed potatoes, pretty heavy with the truffle flavor

Creamed Spinach - not as heavy as I thought, very good pairing with the saltiness of the steak. 

Banana pudding creme brûlée - let's just say, this is the best creme brûlée I've ever had. 

*VERDICT*
Would definitely come back again for another special occasion
I would have to say this is one of my top 3 steakhouses. It felt like I was eating in a library because their decor consisted of bookshelves everywhere. Bathroom is unisex with multiple stalls. Before serving dinner, we were provided with a selection of knives from different countries. All I wanted was just a sharp knife that can get the work done lol, but this was a nice option.

I went here for a birthday dinner. I got the 28 day dry aged ribeye and my wife got the 16 oz. bone-in filet mignon. The ribeye was good and cooked to perfection. My wife said her filet mignon was the best she ever had. So I tried it and I thought it was really good. The filet mignon was rich in flavor, tender, and will definitely make you want more than a 16 oz.

Overall great experience and definitely would go again.
3 words: KOBE BEEF SLIDERS

i went here for a pre-dinner snack. i had my eye set on the prize. the kobe beef sliders. 2 for $15. pricey but worth every last penny. the sliders come out on this funky little plate that holds the two of them perfectly. one in each cup-like slot. my bf and i split them. one a piece. the slider was like the most perfect burger i've ever had. just in miniature form. it was this toasted bun with kobe beef (medium-rare), gruyere cheese, and carmelized onions. that's it! but OH MY WORD, it was so good. i ate a TON of food while in philly but this dish was by far my favorite. it just blew me away. i know it sounds ridiculous to fawn over a miniature burger, but you can't knock it til you try it. it's hands down, THE BEST!

as for decor. at first i thought it was a bit too stiff for my liking. not as funky and fun as some of the other starr restaurants. but then i took a closer look and realized the brilliance of it all. when you first step in it looks very swank and pricey. lots of dark wood and such. but then you start noticing all the greenish-hued accents. the green chairs. and the green menus. and then you notice the library feel with all the shelves of books around you. and then you realize that this is one hip, swank, spot. the chandeliers are a nice touch as well. i have to say i was quite impressed. 

two very enthusiastic thumbs up and 5 brilliant stars!
There's Nothing Left to Say

What's there left to say about one of the most hyped steak houses in all of Philadelphia (and in the Northeast/Mid-Atlantic)? It's exactly what you'd expect. OVER THE TOP service (Service 6/5 never once has this happened but SERIOUSLY). We had one appetizer, two steaks and it was all fantastic. Exactly what you'd expect (Food 5/5). 

Drinks are expensive but that's pretty much par for the course at the higher end restaurants. I appreciated the half bottle option because we wouldn't of been able to finish an entire bottle between the two of us but it was a very, very good bottle (Drinks 5/5). Ambiance is also a 5/5, obviously. I really felt like I was in a real steakhouse, though I still think Butcher and Singer, Fogo, and Del Friscos interiors are better.
Appetizers and sides ruled my visit here.  

Kobe sliders were good.  Tuna tartar was fresh and delicious.  Lobster bisque was out of this world.  Salads were average, maybe even below average.  

Steaks were less-than-amazing, which surprised all of the people in my group.  None of us had been to BP before but we're all steakhouse "veterans."  The steaks were all absolutely charred on the outside while being correctly cooked on the inside for the most part.  The rub they slathered the steaks in was odd, as well.  I appreciated that the NY strip was grass fed organic, and that was apparent in the flavor of the meat, but the bitter charcoal exterior really detracted from the natural flavor of the meat.  This sentiment was echoed by all of my party.  

The more traditional steakhouse goers in the group did not appreciate the trendiness, feeling it tried putting an institition like American steakhouses into a prettied up, club-like atmosphere.  I didn't echo this as I enjoyed the wood walls and modern tables and chairs.  

The mushroom side was AMAZING.  I'd strongly recommend.  The tatertots were not that great.  The asparagus was fresh and perfectly cooked.  

The wine list, my favorite part, was standard for a steakhouse.  Lots of big cali cabs and little else of note (outside of the 82 first growths like Cheval Blanc for $7400).  We settled on a $250 bottle of Plumpjack Cab that was fantastic (if carrying the steakhouse standard 200% markup).  This was probably the best part of the meal.  

Interestingly, the women in our group liked this place far more than the men here.  They said they appreciated that it wasn't so manly.
We had a great evening recently celebrating two birthdays!  Our server, Andrew, was gracious, friendly and very helpful!  He recommended an amazing wine from the extensive wine list.  Overall, Barclay Prime will impress you with its top-notch service and delicious food.  My steak was cooked to perfection.  The birthday boy ordered the scallops as an appetizer and they were simply amazing!  The maple bacon sauce on the scallops was superb!

My only disappointment is related to the on-line menu.  It identifies a crab cake option as an appetizer and my mouth was watering for it for an entire week. Upon arriving at the restaurant and reviewing the menu, it is not an option. As a result, I had to order the crab cake entrée.

By far, one of my favorite places!
What a bummer.. should have gone to the Prime Rib around the corner.
Steak ordered Pittsburgh Rare, came out medium (brown center) quality ok the second time areound..should not have to worry about temp
when in an up scale place got a robotic  sorry from the server. service was ok the highlight of the nite was choosing the knife....
don't think I going back
Without a doubt, Barclay Prime is the best steak house in Philadelphia. The check is bound to make your wallet cry a little but it is worth every penny. Your meal will begin, as most do, by meeting your waiter or waitress. However, the Barclay Prime waitstaff are unlike any other, they are fun, professional, and incredibly knowledgeable about everything on the menu. If you have any dietary restrictions, gluten free, vegetarian, you name it, they can accommodate.

Once you place your order, your waiter/waitress will come back with a box full of knives! They tell you what they're made of and where they are from, and let you pick which one you would like to use during your meal.  Finally, your meal comes and your standards for a steak dinner will be crushed. 

As far as drinks go, if you're interested in wine they will send their world class sommelier to your table to help you pair a nice wine with your meal. If you're more of a beer or liquor person, their bartender will blow you away with their house cocktails.

The atmosphere at Barclay Prime is the icing on the cake. While you're experiencing this incredible meal, you're sitting in an exciting and modern dinning room. In my opinion, it really brings the experience together.

Thank you Barclay Prime, I will definitely be returning soon.
Best steakhouse we have been especially for our anniversary. Thanks to the staff for a great service. Would recommend for especial occasions.
We dined here to celebrate our 5th wedding anniversary and it was a very memorable experience. My wife was longing to go to a good steakhouse for a few months and this was reason enough to make a reservation here. 

We got the Hamachi Crudo for an appetizer and the Lobster Bisque soup. The Hamachi Crudo was a small portion but was really amazing in flavor profile. The contrast between the chili pepper ponzu and the buttery yellowtail and avocado was perfectly balanced. The garnish of crispy rice noodles brought the plate together really well in terms of texture.

The lobster bisque had the right amount of creaminess to it and had some caviar garnish for extra oomph. 

When it came to the steaks, we got the 24oz Dry Aged Porterhouse and the 18oz Gachot & Gachot Prime Dry Aged Ribeye. Must say that these were the two best steaks we've had till date. They were cooked medium rare like we ordered and rested prior to serving. 

The tenderloin on the porterhouse was huge and super buttery. The ribeye was very rich, meaty and packed with flavor. We tried to finish as much as we could, but had to doggie bag the rest.

For the sides, we chose the truffled mac and cheese and the butterball potatoes with aioli. The aioli was light and airy like it should be and not a liquid mush that many restaurants call aioli. But the truffled mac and cheese was way too salty and this sort of ruined the good flavor from the truffle oil.

We were really stuffed so we decided to share "The Barclay" from the dessert menu. The hazelnut chocolate, chocolate ganache and the peanut butter praline base were a heavenly trio. The peanut butter ice cream had an incredible flavor. 

Service was impeccable and they really took care of us and put in a lot of extra effort to ensure that our anniversary dinner was very memorable.

Highly recommend this place if you're looking for a restaurant to celebrate a special occasion or simply in a mood for splurging a little bit. You won't be disappointed

PS: The bathrooms are unisex which is slightly eccentric on the part of architect and interior designer India Mahdavi haha.
I went to Barclay Prime to celebrate a special occasion with my girlfriend as well as to try the Barclay Prime cheeseteak.  The restaurant staff were very friendly and we had a very good waiter who had a great attitude and made some jokes while maintaining a high standard of service.  The interior had a very interesting feel to it as it was themed like a library lounge type setting with books on the sides of the room and big relaxing chairs.  It provided a nice experience compared to the typical steakhouse with tight seating or fancy wooden chairs.

For appetizers, my girlfriend and I shared the east & west coast oysters while I mainly ate the beef steak tartare.  The beef steak tartare was different than other places as they added a different array of toppings which provided a different type of flavor than I usually expect but it was still pretty good and worth ordering.  The oysters were very good and seemed to be fresh with a nice flavor.

For entrees, I decided to go full out and buy the Barclay Prime cheesesteak while I pushed my girlfriend to order a 16 oz. bone-in filet since she wasn't sure which steak to order from the menu.  On the side, we ordered the jumbo green asparagus which arrived peeled and the truffle mac & cheese.  The Barclay Prime cheesesteak was amazing.  The flavor of the cheesesteak made with wagyu ribeye, foie gras, and truffled cheese whiz was awesome and no cheesesteak in Philadelphia can beat the amazing flavor brought on by this expensive cheesesteak.  Fortunately, it came with a half a bottle of Perrier Grand Brut which seemed decently expensive by itself on the menu.  It was a nice compliment to the overall sense of fulfillment from this cheesesteak.  Even my girlfriend really loved the cheesesteak even though she doesn't like foie gras.  That shows you how good it is.  As per the filet, she claims it was very delicious and devoured the entire thing which was an amazing feat for her.  The sides were both very good but obviously I'd recommend the truffle mac & cheese over any kind of asparagus any day.  

For dessert we ordered the coconut cream pie which was very good with a nice balanced flavor.  On top of this, the waiter brought us a plate with "Congratulations!" written on it and two caramel chocolates made by the chefs at the restaurant.  The chocolates were very good and it was a very nice gesture by the restaurant to provide us with this plate.  

Overall, Barclay Prime is a great steakhouse in Philadelphia and I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a good meal.
From the popovers at the start, to the lovely desserts at the end... Everything was so delicious.

The special part about this place is that they let you choose your own knife, there is basically a story to each one-- really neat!

Food:
- popovers (comes with your meal, so good and warm)
- lobster and shrimp appetizer: preferred the lobster
- seared ahi tuna with yuzu: very flavorful and not overpowered by the sauce. Substituted the chard for asparagus, which they nicely peeled so it was tender and delicious

Dessert: 
- seasonal fruit platter was decent, pineapple was a bit sour
- sorbets were refreshing and very fruity which was awesome
- smore with homemade marshmallow was really tasty! Basically a chocolate lava cake with delectable vanilla sides

Wine we ordered was perfect, service was fantastic, couldn't have asked for more!

Would definitely come back :)
I gave this place another shot after being contacted by the manager in response to my last review. While there was improvement on my overall experience, I still can't see myself giving Barclay Prime more than 3-stars. 

We arrived and were promptly seated. The server was really great. He was knowledgeable about the drink menu and made good suggestions for wine to accompany my meal, as well as providing feedback on their variety of side dishes. 

Our party of 3 ordered a round of soup/salads/appetizers before our entrees. The waygu sliders really hit the spot and I loved that they were able to up the portion to 3 sliders without a hassle. The lobster bisque and wedge salads were all quite good. 

We each ordered steaks as our main course. Mine was the filet, which I asked to be done medium-well, but "more well than medium" (after being told "medium" would be red/pink throughout). Unfortunately, when I received my filet it was red, red, red, red throughout. I would have described it as medium-rare, closer to rare. My boyfriend, who likes his meat medium-rare thought it was pretty undercooked as well. While I realize this is a rather thick cut of meat, I still anticipated it being cooked to my request; especially since I was so specific about my desired done-ness. I was able to send it back without an issue and with apologies from my server. When it returned it was cooked much more to my liking.

On the upside, everyone else's entree was cooked to perfection and the side dishes were outstanding. 

Overall, this one is "A-OK" but not up the the standards I expect from Stephen Starr restaurants. I'll stick with my good old standards - Buddakan, Talulahs, Jones, El Vez, etc. all of which top my list of faves in Philly.
Holy Sh*t this place is good!  I am very aware that I'm a spoiled spoiled eater, and that because of my job I get to dine out places I have no place being.  This may be one of those, but without a doubt ranks as the top Steakhouse experience of my life.  After being referred to another restaurant by my hotel's concierge, I turned to my trusty Yelp which ranked that other place with an "eh", and this one with a very well deserved 4.5.  I took the left out of the hotel to go to Barclay, and I am so glad.

I actually really liked the vibe in Barclay Prime.  As a female, it is so hard to find a steakhouse that appeals to both gender of steak gnawers.  This one did.  The low seating is a little odd, but comfortable, and was nothing that a little good posture on my part helped solve (thanks Grandma!)

I ordered the house blackberry vodka on the rocks to start, and it was delish.  Both my dining companion and I started with the tomato mozzerella salad, and it was fantastic.  Apparently they make the monz in house.

For my main course, I actually had the scallop appetizer.  There were two humungous scallops wrapped in bacon with a maple glaze.  All that on top of two fried green tomatoes.  These people knew how to win over this Southern girl.

My boss had the ribeye, which his demolished, so I assume it was tasty too.  The sides (spinach, tatertots) were fresh and yum, if a little on the salty side.  

I didn't have any room to even think about dessert, and needed to be rolled back to my hotel room.  The price was high, but not ridiculous.  I've paid much more for much less.

The service was unbelievable.  Attentive as L'Ambroisie in Paris, without the pretense.  It seemed that everyone really enjoyed working there.  Next time I'm in Philly, I will definitely be back.  This restaurant just made my top 10 of all time!
I had heard great things about Barclay Prime, and they all lived up to their name!  

Came here this past Saturday for dinner with my boyfriend. We got there a little early and grabbed some drinks at the bar.  The bartender was very nice and made me a delicious dirty martini!  We had a 9:00 reservation and were seated promptly at 9.

Our server was FANTASTIC!  Very knowledgeable, attentive and polite.  The food runners were also great and threw in some funny commentary when dropping off food which was great.

For the food, we each started with salads, large portions.  We could have split one. They also give you the most delicious bread pop ups. I had the filet, medium which was perfect and perfectly cooked, with a side of Bearnaise sauce - amazing. My boyfriend had the NY Strip, also amazing. For sides we shared a baked potato which was great with all the sides and the creamed spinach - I would not recommend this as it was very bland.  For dessert with split the smores dessert which was was on the most amazing things I've ever had!  

Only down side, is the tables are close together, pretty sure the older couple next to us heard our entire conversation.  Also, not a fan of the bathrooms - unisex and not as nice as I'd expect at an upscale restaurant.  Other than that, the atmosphere is great.  I will definitely be returning!
I'll admit I've only come here for happy hour as I don't usually splurge on steak. That said the happy hour is one of the best in the city and still pretty under the radar. It runs 4:30 to 6:30 and they offer a variety of cheap bites like sliders and Mac and cheese, as well as a discounted seafood offering like shrimp cocktail. In addition they typically have a few cocktails on special as well as wine and beer.

I appreciate the wide variety of happy hour items. The setting is also swanky with tables that offer servers but still provide the happy hour deals. Definitely check it out for your next happy hour to impress your friends or coworkers!
Let me begin by saying that I am a social worker and don't make much money.  But then again, I live outside of my means.  Barclay Prime has always been the one spot in Philly I needed to try... someday.  This past Valentine's day it happened, and unlike the movie Troy, this experience did not disappoint.

For such an upscale, classy place, I was very comfortable.  The waitstaff was knowledgeable as well as amicable.  They maintained their professionalism while making you feel at home with gentle conversation.  The seating was comfortable, the lighting was easy, and the bar looked inviting.

One nice little touch was the knife selection.  The waiter brought us a choice of about 6 steak knives.  I'm not sure any one would have made a difference in my dining experience, but then again, maybe it did.

The food was unbelievable.  I love steak, but I'm not sure I needed to taste a $75 Fillet (maybe another time).  We went with NY Strip and Rib-eye I believe, and we were both happy with our selections.  The seasoning was spot-on.  We also had the Nueske Bacon and Scallops.  Perhaps the best appetizer I've ever had.  I wish I could be more poetic in my description, but I would not pass this dish by.  As sides, we had tater tots and sauted mushrooms.  Both were great and went well with steak.

I highly recommend this place if you have a lot of money.  If not, I recommend working some overtime and splurging once on your lover for some nice occasion.
I've dined here for a recent birthday celebration with a party of four and my experience there cannot even be  compared to what I shall write, even though I will try.

Our waiter was a sweetheart, explaining the menu to us, recommending a few dishes; and drinks that went with it. The truffle mac and cheese was phenomenal, as well as the ahi tuna I've also ordered. The steak (medium, what else?) was so deliciously made, I wanted to kiss the chef that made it.

When it came time to pay the bill, our waiter remembered it was two of my parties birthday and surprised us with a delicious cake, wishing them both well.

I'll definitely come back again soon.
I rarely ever write reviews. In fact this may be my second in 10 years. But our experience last night at Barclay Prime was second to none. I've been here about 5 times and each time better than the last. The drinks (I had a martini) were fantastic. Great wine list. The popovers they give you as "bread" were divine. I was sat in the corner which is very quaint and nice but wanted to be more in the middle of things and asked for a change of tables. This wasn't a problem at all. They graciously let me pick which table for 2 I wanted. Oh, we went for my wife's bday. Perfect big occasion place. Oysters delicious. Wedge and Caesar salads were good and crisp. I got a 20oz 40 day aged bone in strip for $59. Worth every penny and more. The courtesy bday coconut cake was a very nice touch. My favorite steakhouse in the northeast by far!
Best meal I've ever had.

Funny how a majority of the poor reviews can't do so without mentioning that this is a Steven Starr restaurant. There is a subculture of people in Philadelphia who love to profess their disdain for all things Starr, as if they are somehow more enlightened, or more refined than everyone else. These people are just as pathetic as the wanna-be hipsters who will eat somewhere simply because it is a Starr establishment.

A good restaurant is a good restaurant and Barclay Prime is a great restaurant.
One of the worst service experiences at a high end restaurant I have ever had. Inattentive and indifferent throughout including the manager. Spent $1,000 for six people so reasonably expected a good experience. Will never go there again.
The first word that comes to mind when I think about dinner here is WOW. The food was absolutely phenomenal. Our dinner was one of the most expensive in my life but damn was it good. It's a once and a very long while type of meal. 
They have the highest quality ingredients cooked at masterful level.
For starters we had a combination of shellfish which were extremely fresh. Tasted as if it were caught that day. We also have wagyu sliders and if they sold them as full burgers, my boyfriend Sean would have gotten that for dinner.
I had the top of the line premium grade A5 Japanese Wagyu Filet Mignon. It was the special of the day and I even asked if it can be requested if we knew we were coming and the chef said no problem just give him 2 days. The price for the best single bite of food I have ever had was worth it ($130). I know everyone isn't willing to spend that much, but not kidding I don't think I could ever enjoy a meal as much as this one. To me worth every single penny. 
Please do yourself a favor and save your pennies up to give this place a try, you will not regret it.
It used to be premier steakhouse in town. 2 years ago. Now it's a go-to upscale place for birthday dinners. Here you can pick your own knives and lounge in cushy armchairs with attentive servers at your side. It was packed on a Friday evening and our meal suffered for it. Cocktails were uninspired even if their monikers may had been at one point: "Thirsty in Paradise" and "Not my momma's Juice" were just strong for me. Lobster was swimming in butter sauce in all its lonesome, and bit chewy at $$$. My ribeye needed to be sent back. Over-Charred on the outside and red in. Same with New York Strip which was sent back twice. Filet mignon as the special of the evening was again cooked under specifications but tasty. Whipped potatoes with truffles tasted artificial. All our sides tasted like they were sitting on a backburner for a while. At this point Shrimp cocktail appeared at our table at comp and as few items on the check. Don't come here for the steaks because they are no longer the stars at Barclay Prime.
When I think back to my visit at Barclay Prime I am still blown away and amazed at how sensational it was!  Barclay Prime is Stephen Starr's flagship restaurant.  The classic steakhouse feel runs throughout the dining room, hallways, and bar area.  Tasteful wooden paneling, built in bookshelves, and high ceilings with crystal chandeliers make it feel as though the gang from Mad Men would come here for a special occasion dinner. 

 We started with the chopped salad, it was beautiful to look at and even more beautiful to taste.  The minute pieces of tomato, heart of palm, and olives were tossed in a vinaigrette that made my taste buds dance with every bite.  The main course was a religious experience.  I am salivating right now even thinking about it!!  The steak was beyond melt in your mouth, it was a cathartic experience.  

Just a few notes.......sides are not included with your meal so be prepared to shell out more money if you want truffle whipped mashed potatoes,broccolini, or butter corn.  Also, valet parking is in front of Parc, a block down the street, so wear your "walking"shoes.

If you love steak this place needs to go to the top of your list!
