Stunning bar space, and beautiful outdoor patio oasis surrounded in green plants. Inside the music is too loud and it's hard to hear your dinner mates and the waiters, spent the whole night shouting across the table and leaning in to hear. In fact our waiter didn't hear one of our cheese orders, and we had to reorder it. The vibe is fun and electric, the place was bustling. A great place to bar hop! The menu is tapas and huge, it took a lot of time to read through. Liked the hangar steak, empanadas, chorizo with figs, kale Cesar, and fried ham and cheese balls. Food was not so original, seemed like glorified bar food. Cocktails and wine were 5 stars. Between the 4 of us we had 6 drinks, 3 cheeses, 7 tapas plates, and 3 deserts. The bill was $340. I wasn't wowed generally. I didn't love that it's a restaurant chain, but the interior architect did a lovely job on the bar design. I had to retreat into a quiet space after dinner to un-frazzle myself from the 2 hours of loud music and noise. I may be back in the future for a drink at the beautiful bar, but not for dinner.
"Stellar" is the word that kept coming to mind while dining at the latest addition to the East Passyunk Fam last night. 

Each small plate which was delivered to our table remarkably quickly and with smiles, was more delicious than the next. We had a difficult time narrowing down which tapas to order from the list of tempting choices. (We wound up with lots of leftovers...definitely not an issue.)

The patatas bravas are an obvious must. The chickpea and spinach cazuela came recommended and had a bit of a Middle Eastern flare I wasn't expecting but enjoyed very much. The crispy eggplant with charred lemon was very well liked as were the wild mushrooms. The mussels with fennel, tomato and white wine were a big hit with hubs, and the corn which we ordered with bacon on the side was delicious also! 

Vegans, that corn I mentioned sans bacon is dairy free! It was so creamy and smooth I had to ask twice to make sure! Try it! I can't believe the consistency they achieve without cream! The chickpea dish is also vegan, as are the potatoes with aioli on the side or the fingerlings, and the mushrooms with egg on the side. Pair with tasty perfectly salted warm Marcona almonds, marinated olives, perhaps some broccolini or spicy eggplant caponata. Maybe even the vegetable paella to split. Veg-heads, you will not feel like you are missing anything here! Plenty for us!

Tons of options for carnivores and pescatarians...snapper, bass, chicken, pork belly, hanger steak, beef, meatballs, jamon, prawns, chorizo, lamb, fluke, calamari, mussels, squid, and clams too. 

Something for everyone. 

The wine list is flawless and filled with gems. We enjoyed a tasting flight ($16) and I highly recommend taking this route on your first visit to get a feel for what they have to offer. We chose the "Garnachista" which was suggested by our waiter, and included three delicious reds. The other flight options included a white, a cava, and a sherry. 

The cocktails aren't to be overlooked however. We really loved our "Lucy B." ($12) which was refreshing and tropical with a gentle hint of spicy found in the smoked pepper agave. 

We couldn't possibly do dessert this visit, but the options sounded scrumptious! They also offer an entire dessert drink menu including an after dinner wine flight to accompany the sweet treats. 

From literally opening up the front door, which is reclaimed as is all of the wood in the entire space, (note the vintage library font on the front door) to exiting and receiving a token for a free tapa or wine on our next visit, the customer service here was absolutely impeccable....

Not only did our personable waiter Fidel know the menu inside and out and was on point with recommendations, every one who helped deliver our steady flow of dishes were just as friendly and helpful. The entire staff was extremely well trained, very happy to be there, and it was so nice to having the little details such as our napkins being refolded when we weren't at the table in a spot that wasn't located in center city and wasn't going to cost us a fortune. Details are so important and they are not overlooked here!

We had the delightful opportunity to chat with Erin, Mike, and Matthew who were on hand making sure everyone was enjoying themselves and they certainly were. I know it's just week one but I can sense this type of warmth and standards aren't going anywhere here and it's so refreshing! 

The place is definitely not quiet, but we didn't mind. It was jumping for their first Friday in business, but there were still seats available as the space is cleverly designed. You can choose a seat at the gorgeous bar, a two top strategically placed around it, one outside amongst the greenery from Urban Jungle just down the street, under the kitschy marquee sign which featured an Oscar Wilde quote, or back by the walk in wine fridge which seemed to be the spot for larger parties which yes, they can accommodate. (Planning my October birthday dinner now.) 
 

A fantastic addition to this section of the city that offers much neighborhood charm. We are thrilled to have a new tapas place as our last one which brought us back to our romantic time in Barcelona slowly demised and eventually closed. We warmly welcome Barcelona as our replacement we have been yearning for. So happy to have it nearby and easily accessible. (We found quarter meter spots directly in front of the restaurant.) 

While it was great for date night, we kept thinking about our next visit with the kiddos  and there's definitely enough options for the wee ones to make it a regular family spot. So mamas, don't shy away if you can't grab a sitter, but definitely grab your girlfriends and go if hubs said he'll watch the rugrats. 

I think you'll be so pleased with your experience here and it's a spot not to be missed. I believe it's worth a trek. 

We both LOVED it and agreed on a solid all around 5 stars! 

See you soon guys!
Came on opening night and I must say, the service was impeccable. They have an extensive wine list, which includes flights (I recommend). This is a tapas place, so grab some friends and enjoy some cheese and appetizers to share. Three cheeses will run you $17.50, which is a deal, considering they are $6.50 when purchased singly.

The staff was super friendly and we even got to try some tapas on the house (both of which were excellent).

Ample outdoor seating space and a wrap-around bar round out this huge space, which looks rather rustic and (almost) makes me feel as if I'm in Tuscany. 

Can't wait to come back!
This is a tough one. I'm between two and three stars (only because the restaurant is still fairly new), but I honestly feel like my experience was more of a two. I arrived around 5:30 and asked about happy hour specials. The response from the host (manager?) was "every day is happy here" or something along those lines. This made me smile, but when every other bar within walking distance is offering happy hour specials, you probably won't see me back at Barcelona during the hours of 5-7. 

Nonetheless, wine prices are fair, and they also offer a choice between 3- or 6-ounce pours. The wine list is extensive and there's probably something for everyone. The bartender asked my friends and I our preference of still or sparkling water. Two of us went for still while my other friend chose sparkling. For the rest of our time there, another bartender continually topped off the still waters with sparkling. This was an example of the distracted service we witnessed during our time seated at the bar (though our female bartender was on point and seemed to be handling the majority of customers seated there). 

We decided to order a handful of plates to start and go from there. We ordered the ensalada mixta, heirloom tomato salad, pulpo, scallops and mushrooms. To be blunt, both salads looked like something I could easily construct at home, and I am no top chef. The ensalada mixta featured olives, onions and tomato. The olives contained pits and were simply tossed onto the salad, which was essentially a plate of baby romaine hearts, some chunks of tomato, sliced onion and vinaigrette. The entire salad was covered in flecks of salt which was really heavy handed. The tomato salad was similarly basic - four slices of tomato with some more red onion slivers and a couple specks of basil. I did enjoy the sherry vinaigrette used on this dish but, again, it wasn't very special. 

Our favorite dish was the scallops, which were lightly seared and served in some sort of creamy sauce. Which reminds me: not a single dish was served with a spoon or any type of serving utensil. So we didn't really get much of that creamy sauce, as we all had to pluck our scallops from the dish with our respective forks. 

The pulpo arrived as one very thick chunk, smothered in sauce. We all agreed this presentation was pretty unappetizing. I thought the flavor was okay but the sauce really overwhelmed the octopus. Why not sear the tentacle and serve it over the sauce? Finally, the mushrooms. We all couldn't help but compare this dish to another local tapas restaurant's version. The mushrooms were fine but when you've tasted the others it's hard not to want for better. 

At this point, we decided to cut our losses and bounce to another spot for heartier bites. Maybe we ordered wrong, maybe it was an off night, maybe a lot of things. All I know is that I was pretty excited to try Barcelona and pretty let down by the experience. I'll likely come back at some point but probably for a snack as opposed to a dinner.
What a great place! 

Our first visit was with another couple on New Year's Eve. Our plan was to eat dinner here and then segue over to our midnight locale to ring-in the New Year. It's a month later and we still wished we stayed at Barcelona Wine Bar for the entire evening!

Tapas/Small plates are the theme here, and we ordered approximately half of the menu. Each dish was more delicious than the next. Our favorites were the Blistered Shishito Peppers, Potato Tortilla, Duck Confit Fideos, Pan Roasted Pulpo, the Truffled Bikini (fish), and an amazing cauliflower dish. We also sampled some Charcuterie and cheeses to round-out our experience. Even the bread had us swooning.

To say that this restaurant was packed on New Year's Eve was an understatement. That being said, every single person we came into contact was jovial and super friendly. No sign of stress nor fatigue. Everyone from the bartenders to our server was cheerful and fun. There was such a welcoming, party atmosphere flowing throughout the entire restaurant. We literally didn't want to leave to head to our other venue! 

Kudos to the chefs and the staff for making our experience so memorable. We can't wait to return and order the other half of the menu!
I am happy to make the Barcelona Wine Bar my 300th review!  I have had this place bookmarked since it opened and I finally made it with a group of friends to continue celebrating my birthday - Yes - I take all invitations - all month long!  LOL

The space is bright and spacious as you enter.  The wraparound bar is beautiful and I like the added touch of the greenery that is placed throughout the restaurant.  I was excited to see the extensive wine list and the tapas menu.  

I started with the wine flight- I did the one white wine with two red wines.  I preferred the two red wines - the white was not dry enough for my tastes.  

Our group was hungry and we like tasting everything, so we ordered almost everything on the menu:  we had the hummus; pork belly; whipped sheep's cheese; braised short ribs; skate a la plancha; empanadas; crispy calamari and the spicy meatballs.  For dessert we had the bread pudding - it had just the right consistency.

Our waitstaff-Desiree and Dan were awesome and put up with all of our questions and orders - they were attentive and friendly - That made our experience a 4-star experience!
I finally returned to Barcelona Wine Bar last night with my husband and a group of friends, and my experience was far better than my first back in August. 

Our server was Tony from Jersey, and he was really great with our group. There were nine of us, and we asked for a lot - tons of food, tons of drinks (both alcoholic and not) and even some dietary restrictions. Two of us decided to go the entree route over group tapas, so we sat together at the end of the table and, for the most part, dishes were all delivered to the right place. 

I started with a shared cheese and charcuterie board with ham, idiazabal, and another cheese that was marinated in olive oil. De-lish! And, a bargain at three for $17.50, especially when you consider the bottomless baskets of the most incredible bread and olive oil. 

My entree was the branzino, served with a lemony arugula salad and some potatoes with chimichurri. This was large enough to share if you were also getting some small plates, but totally fine for one person if you wanted to skip tapas. I also snagged a bite of the pulpo, which was served in bite-sized coins - vastly different from the dish I tried on my first visit, and much nicer. The veggie paella I sampled was okay - I probably wouldn't order it on a future visit. 

We finished the night with desserts which, full disclosure, were served on the house (thank you!). The crepes and burnt ricotta cheesecake were a huge hit with everyone at the table. 

Dinner was surprisingly reasonable, cost-wise, given all the food and drinks we ordered. I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised and am looking forward to more visits in the future!
Had dinner at Barcelona Wine Bar last week, and it was just ok.

Not sure why they were providing printed menus to guests during a pandemic, instead of having them access the menu online via QR code. Even if there is a hand sanitizer by the entrance, I certainly hope they are not reusing these menus.

Everything on the menu looked amazing. My husband and I were eyeing the Parillada Barcelona - which consisted of a bunch of grilled meats -- steak, chicken, pork loin and sausage. Our server who was super sweet and honest recommended that we may just want to order two or three tapas as the Parillada Barcelona, even at half a portion size, was a lot of food for two people. And she could not be more right.

We decided to skip the typical patatas bravas, shishitos, potato tortilla, empanadas tapas and went with the tuna crudo, gambas al ajillo, pork belly a la plancha instead. The tuna crudo was great - the tuna, sliced ruby red grape fruit, and jalapenos go together very nicely. The pork belly was too fatty, and the sauce served under it did not complement the dish at all. I also did not like that the "gambas" were not prawns, but little shrimps, which was disappointing, because this tapa is one of my favorites.

Finally, the Parillada Barcelona arrived, and everything was beautifully plated on a meat board. Sadly, the meats were just salted and grilled, and were tough and a bit dry. Despite the huge portions, neither my husband nor I enjoyed eating this dish.

The wine list is well put together, and service was good, but we probably won't be coming back for tapas any time soon.
What an awesome Tapas & Wine Bar Barcelona is! Though it is one of a small chain, you would never know it because it has none of the vibes of a chain operation.  That is deliberate.  Barcelona gives each location's chef some freedoms on compiling their menu and each Barcelona looks different.  The branch on Passyunk Avenue is a gem.

I went for Restaurant Week and this was the best restaurant week meal I ever had on Passyunk Avenue.  After last years' Restaurant Week experience trying out a couple of the Avenue's so-called high-end establishments and their microscopic (okay maybe magnifying glass) portions it was a pleasure to enter an eatery truly honoring the spirit of Restaurant Week.  One has a choice of four tapas from a very large selection.  I added an additional one as well.  Each one that I tasted was delicious.  The jamon y manchego croquetas are superb - dangerously addictive.  The picanté dry-cured chorizo indeed lived up to its name.  Then came the albondigas and red sauce.  These are as tasty a meatball as you will find in Philly.  The white beans and clams were full of flavor and my meal ended with a tender and juicy hanger steak which was prepared perfectly.  Warm flaky bread and olive oil began the meal but be careful eating too much of it as you need to have room for all the tapas to follow.

My waiter Carl was top-notch.  He was totally personable, informative, and attentive.  What more could you want from someone serving you all these tasty foods?!  Barcelona is indeed a restaurant to enjoy at any time (in summer there is a very attractive outdoor patio) but dining here during Restaurant Week is a true bargain!
A new tradition has begun with the 4 of us where we would meet up every 3 months for a festive evening. Embark on a new food adventure throughout this fine city of Philadelphia. Let us begin guys night with Barcelona Wine Bar!   

The ambiance is nothing but spectacular, with the lighting not to dark, not to bright making this for an amazing meal to come. It really doesn't matter where you sit in Barcelona from the bar with view of the kitchen where you see these guys get their hustle on. The high top table seating over looking the lower level, down to dinning alfresco while taking in the sounds of Passyunk Avenue. Barcelona is an amazing restaurant for all types of parties to enjoy that perfect dining experience in South Philly.     

As our night couldn't get any better our dinner was a marvel, with that  anticipation of "I wonder what will top this" came to mind. Cooked to perfection, the flavors that they added to these dishes. The marinades, the time that has been put into every little detail can not be matched. A sudden burst, an eruption of flavors, followed by the smiles, and sighs of satisfaction with every bite. Who thought a meal could be this orgasmic, an euphoria like no other. 

This is where we found our love, and our mistress that evening. 
                                          ~Tapas~ 
~Swordfish a la Plancha~ Served with a salsa verde that was amazing.
~Pan Roasted Pulpo~ Served with pickled white beans and parsley is a must order. (2 servings ordered)
~Albondigas~  Spiced meatballs in a ham tomato sauce.
~Pork Belly~ Mojo Rojo is a must order.
~Bunuelos de Bacalao~ Salt Cod that is fried, which is served in a saffron aioli. 
~Bacon Wrapped Dates~ Another must order
~Marinated Olives~ Served with a blend of citrus, garlic and thyme.
~Gamabas al Ajillo~  A Garlic Shrimp that is pan seared in garlic, and pepper to perfection.
~Eggplant Caponata~ A dish that is served cold mixed with sweet peppers, basil, and parsley. 
                                          ~Paella~
~Paella Salvaje~ This amazing pan fried rice dish, this masterpiece that had us scrapping the bottom of the pan to get every bit of it out had us going crazy for more. The way the pork belly and chorizo hit us with a combination to our taste buds. Let's not forget about that blood sausage (morcilla) that added more flavor with every spoonful. Picture your taste buds getting hit from all sides from this dish. This savory dish will have your eyes rolling back in pure enjoyment. 1 word, 3 syllables De-Lish-Us.... DELICIOUS!

Even though Barcelona was packed to the brim with the hungry on-goers, our server Danny did a great job in trying to keep us accommodated. There were some small issues where we had to wait a little longer than expected. The seating along with the wait for the Paella, but these guys were dealing with a full house, nobody can be perfect. I'll never fault an establishment when you can see they're actually hustling to make your stay enjoyable. Now if the establishment wasn't full like they were, a few occupied tables here and there, and you're not making any effort. Then yes, I will knock you for it. Truly an experience I'll gladly make my way  back for more. Solid 4.5 stars ! 

 **Side note**
If you want to experience any of Barcelona's Paella dishes I suggest you order this in the beginning. It takes roughly 45 minutes to prepare, and yes it is well worth the wait my friends.
I've been getting my lashes and brows done at a salon across the street from Barcelona for months now. Each time I leave the salon I think, I want to try that place! This past weekend, I was in the area for a boutique opening and decided the time had come to finally give Barcelona a try!

At around 5 PM on a Saturday, a friend and I were able to walk in without a reservation and grab a seat at the gorgeous bar. It's a giant round bar in the center of the restaurant. The bartenders were busy making drinks, but were still able to hand us some menus and get us water while we decided what we wanted to eat.

To drink, I tried the Summer Street Sling and it tasted like a fancier pink lemonade. It was delicious and refreshing. 

This is a tapas spot with a great selection of cheeses. Instead of putting together a cheeseboard, we shared a few small plates. We ordered and then, in what felt like maybe one minute, we had dishes in front of us. To start, we had the Haricot Verts. The menu says that they are done with just garlic and parsley. The flavor was beyond just those two ingredients and I am dying to know the recipe. They were served cold and tasted delicious. We also shared the Croquetas, Albondigas, Crispy Calamari, and the Caprese Salad. Each dish was better than the last. The sauce with the albondigas was perfect with the large loaf of warm bread we were offered.

This was the perfect amount of food to share. We weren't stuffed, but full and satisfied. There are a few items on the menu I'd love to go back for and absolutely plan to do so.
I've been wanting to check this new spot out for a while. I was thinking over Valentines Day plans in advance. Wine and tapas sounded perfect. Barcelona is not on open table so I called and spoke to a friendly gentlemen who set up the reservation in seconds. 

Barcelona is aesthetically beautiful. I love the Oscar Wilde quote out front. They have a small outdoor eating area that I'm sure will be buzzing on a nice day with happy patrons. Indoors they have a large bar area which was not visited as we were seated right away (WHAT?! Unheard of on V-Day). 

Our server was super friendly and answered all of our questions. The wine list is primarily Spanish wine options, no complaints about that. After a few sips of red cab we ordered the roasted carrots, patatas bravas (a hit here), the hanger steak with truffle butter, the brussel sprouts, and the chorizo with fig. 

Bubs loved the chorizo and fig and I was partial to the hanger steak...mmmm truffle butter. I can say there wasn't one thing we didn't like. For dessert we had bread pudding and the chocolate decadence with cappuccinos. They were both good but couldn't finish...all tapas out!

I will definitely be back on a nice night...wine, tapas, and fresh air sounds heavenly.
We only stopped here for a drink but ended up ordering a charcuterie board. The atmosphere was intimate and cozy. Great for a date. I have to say that the staff was super nice and very friendly. We will definitely be coming back to try the 

Update: came in for food. Booked a table through open table for my friends graduation. They gave us complimentary dessert for his graduation. Totally a surprise and we were so grateful for it! I wish I took more pictures of the food. It was great tapas. We also got another charcuterie board and each picked a tapas to share. We were stuffed by the end. The fresh bread was refilled like 3x. Each time it was done happily by the staff. We didn't feel weird about asking for more. The drinks was also excellent. I would recommend trying this place out. It's definitely a great place for a date.
I love how food can bring people together and tapas restaurants are good for doing that. Barcelona Wine Bar took me away without catching a plane and I was glad to be able to partake and experience different cultures of food.

We were a large group and we shared different tapas - small plates. Some to name were the patatas bravas, jamon croquettes, and a torrijas which was like a churro french toast. The torrijas was my favorite. It's a must try! It was crispy and buttery with sugar and cinnamon on the outside amd chewy on the inside. It was to die for.
 
The white and red sangria- delicious!
Overall this place is huge and beautifully decorated plus our waiter was super friendly. We all left with a chip to receive a complementary cocktail. I encourage you guys to try this hip and trendy place. Its great for a date or large group.
This place is amazing! We came for brunch but didn't order anything from the brunch section (they have 4 extra tapas added). 

Came around 11:30am on a Saturday and there were barely anyone here but 1hr later this place was packed! 

The four of us shared Boquerones (fresh anchovies), chorizo with sweet & sour figs, beet salad, pork belly with cherry pepper, and the seafood paella. The waitress was amazing! We were definitely overwhelmed by the menu but she was so excited it was our first time and took the time to explain any questions we have. 

My favorite dish was the chorizo with sweet & sour fig and the beet salad! You can't go wrong with any of the tapas though, really depends on your preferences. I highly recommend coming with a group of 3+ to share everything. The one dish I didn't like was the seafood paella - it was not crispy at all at the bottom and you could taste the metallic taste from the pan. 

They even have a cheese menu! This place is amazing... can't wait to come back again. The waitress recommended coming back during dinner for a more romantic vibe.
East Passyunk Restaurant Week Review: close to perfection!

Philly's food scene never ceases to impress, and Barcelona is near the top of my list of memorable dining experiences I've had in this city. Restaurant Week offered the perfect opportunity to explore the amazing things I've heard about the scene on East Passyunk. 

My friends and I made reservations for 6 on Saturday at 5:45pm. Maybe it was the crappy weather, the unbeatable restaurant week specials, or the popularity of a hip neighborhood on a weekend, but the place was packed and there was a slight wait before our table was ready.

First impressions: very 'Crazy Stupid Love' (this is my scale for ambiance). If you haven't seen movie, I'll give you one reason why you should see it - RYAN GOSLING. The bar he frequents in the movie is equal parts classy, sexy, and alluring. Barcelona is, too.

Their menu boasts an impressive array of tapas, entrees, and mouthwatering desserts. Restaurant Week offers up your choice of any 4 dishes from a sprawling menu of options. Having a group of 4 was definitely to our advantage as we shared a smorgasbord of hot and cold tapas. The most memorable dishes include hanger steak, steak tartar, empanadas, chorizo with sweet and sour figs, bacon wrapped dates, and potatas bravas.

We tried both the flan and flourless chocolate cake to top off our evening. Both were delicious, but I'd come back here again just for that insanely flavorful cake. It was served warm and melted in my mouth. Pretty bummed I had to share it.

Parking and noise level are my biggest complaints. The place is clearly popular, so I'd highly recommend reservations. The good thing is, there are plenty of nearby watering holes if you've got time to kill before your table is ready, but the wait is worth it! Staff was okay, but not stellar. Understandably, Barcelona was extremely busy, noisy, and packaged full of people (they definitely know how to utilize space!) Parking is free street parking, but you've got to venture a few blocks to find anything longer than 2-hours.  

All in all, a great spot for a date or a group of girlfriends, wine lovers and foodies.
Another gem on Passayunk Ave!! I see this is a great addition for many reasons.  The first is that, although they are amazing, there are so many small and intimate restaurants in the Passayunk area - this place brings a totally different vibe.  It is open and large and great for groups.  Its nice but feels so much more casual and fun than the other places that surround it.  Go to WILL or ITV or Fond for date night - come here for a night out with friends. 
The wine list and cocktail menu are extensive, interesting, and delicious.  The bartenders are very knowledgeable and mix up some of the best drinks I've had in the city.  Between my own and trying friends/my S.O.s I've tried most of them at this point and you can't go wrong with any.  If you're a tequila fan this is your place, I have never seen so many inventive tequila cocktails! 
The food - this is a great sharing restaurant.  The cheese plates are very generous, start with one of those. The patatas bravas are the best I have ever had and the chorizo with figs is a surprising treat!  I have not had any of the main dishes because we always fill up on the tapas but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu so pick your favorite and I promise you'll enjoy!
This newly hangout spot in Passyunk is poppin'! 
Located on the corner of of the Passyunk crossing along with a big sign, you cannot miss this spot. My SO and I wanted to check out this place since its opening so we finally decided to stop by on a Saturday night. The place was crowded but luckily we managed to find a spot in the outside seating area which I recommend. The ambience was very inviting, somewhat intimate due to the pretty lights, and relaxing. The servers were very attentive and friendly. You get the option of tap water or sparkling water (it's free). They also provided bread and olive oil too while we waited. Since it is tapas style, we decided to try a few items on the list. We got the spicy potatos, sausage with figs which really good, and the corn. The prices on the menu was also decent, not too pricey. For drinks I got the traditional red sangria. It was equally good. 
Overall I enioyed my first experience at Barcelona. I will sure come back to try other items on the menu. I think this place jas a lot of potentials and it is good for casual date nights, girls/guys night out, or just simply catching up with friends/coworkers.
Barcelona wine bar is a very elegant yet smooth place to be. Barcelona was one of the first places to actually provide outside dining during the Covid pandemic. I must say that the service is impeccable the food is amazing and I would definitely revisit once the pandemic is over. The wine is great and the seafood is very fresh. Our waiter was very nice and very helpful. He was very informative about the menu and how to walk us through the new way of ordering through the barcode.
Love this place! It get really packed really fast so I highly recommend making a reservation ahead of time. We didn't when we came here on a weekend night and were awkwardly standing around almost in the middle of the restaurant for a good 45 minuets waiting to be seated. There was no sitting room at the bar and even the crowd standing around the bar was about 3 people deep, so you really have to wait to be served.  

I definitely plan on coming back and trying the outdoor seating as well. If it wasn't so difficult to get a seat here this would definitely end up on  my rotation of constantly returning places. 

I liked the drink menu they had. Their specialty cocktails weren't too crazy, but just unique enough that you'd want to keep coming here specifically.
My girlfriend and i came here tonight for my birthday dinner and I want to start by saying that Barcelona really made it a special night. I have to start by giving credit to Karl and Abby. Karl was our server and he was great from the beginning. He checked on us and made sure were taken care of. He was knowledgeable, fast and funny. Abby offered us complimentary sherry with our dessert which was delicious (we never had Sherry before) she was also very welcoming. Thank you Barcelona staff for the great experience. We will be back. 

update- we came back and the experience was STILL as amazing. Nicole was wonderful with the sherry tasting and I actually posted a picture of her with it! Emily was our server this time and she was wonderful as well. This place is absolutely one of my favorites.
Nothing can plead the palate like a great selection of tasty tapas dishes!!
I wasn't able to make a reservation, but was told to just walk in. This is a popular spot on East Passayunk ave. Barcelona sits on the corner.  Hard to miss. They have a theatre type signage with their name and a quote along the side. 
My wait time for a table was about 15 mins. They took down my cell phone number and set me up with a text notification once the table was available. As it turns out there were a few spots by the bar. I cancelled the table reservation and decided to stay at the bar. The bar  is a large, marble  U-shaped, area.  They have a very nice selection. of Spanish/Argentine wines in addition to a very extensive cocktail menu. The bartenders were very friendly, and highly skilled mixologists. Big shout out to bartender, Taylor, she was fabulous.  From the warm bread basket to my steak dish, Barcelona was impressive to me.  I've dined throughout Spain in the past, and this restaurant just does it very well. Come  see for yourself! Let me know about your experience.
Since we won't be able to go to Spain anytime soon, we figured that we may as well get as close to Spain as possible here in Philly. And that means Barcelona Wine Bar.

We expected to sit outside, but indoor dining had resumed and they were taking matters quite seriously. Because of that, we dined indoors. Staff wears masks and face shields, and makes you feel comfortable with the precautions they are taking. 

We had the mushrooms, bravas, octopus and paella (seafood) - and everything was as tasty as ever. The good quality hasn't taken a dip whatsoever. Their paella is some of the best we have had in the states, too. Highly recommended!

If you are craving some paella, tapas and great service in what appears to be a safe environment - I would definitely suggest visiting Barcelona.
I'm well overdue for a Barcelona 5-star review. This amazing place just opened a few months ago, and I've already been here 5 times... which is a lot when its not even in my neighborhood! I am voluntarily spending multiple Uber/Lyft rides to Barcelona Wine Bar above other places walking distance to me! Its that's amazing! Here's why:

I spent 5 days in Barcelona this year for vacation. And I've been craving some authentic paella. GET the SEAFOOD PAELLA here! Its fantastic and just like I'm back in Spain :)
Other amazing items: 
- SPANISH TORTILLA - the best slice of potato pie layered high with scalloped potatoes and an amazing creamy dipping sauce. This is hands down our favorite item on the menu, we always order multiple because nobody wants to share it! 
- Potatas Bravas - wedged potatoes with again delicious creamy dipping sauce. This is replica of what I got in Spain, very authentic!
- Hanger Steak - thinly sliced, very good, cooked perfectly med-rare
- SHORT RIB - one of the best meats on the menu, so tender and delicious. Unfortunately its not always available because its seasonable depending what is fresh from local farmers.
 - FIG MONTADITO - like a fig & goat cheese toast with honey, this was my FAVORITE, but its not always on the menu depending on farmer availability
- Chorizo with FIGS - I don't eat sausage (my friends loved the sausage) but I loved the cooked figs. So juicy and delicious. I even dipped my cheese and bread in the fig juice :)
- Fish CRUDO - I forgot what kind of fish, but it was crudo-style (rare) like ahi sliced, and was very delicious. 
- Pulpo - this was OK. I had better in Spain, and better in other restaurants in Philly. It needed more charcoal and richer flavors.
- Mushrooms - OK, servers highly recommended this, but the mushrooms were VERY mushroomy-strong, if that's such a thing! I like mushrooms alot and these were almost too much for me.
- SPICY EGGPLANT - was VERY delicious, and not really spicy at all, anyone can enjoy this.
- Steamed Mussels were good, cooked perfectly, I just wish the sauce was stronger or more garlic

DESSERT: we ordered 2; the Chocolate cake w/ coconut ice cream, and also the cheesecake. Both are winners, we kept going back and forth which was better, but I think the chocolate won :) 

WINES: Amazing! I love how all wines you can order a half-size, for half the price. Its great for people like me who want to try a lot of different kinds, without getting wasted or paying an arm and leg. I actually like choosing my own wines at half-size, better than the wine-flight option which is also available. $16 for 4-wine flight. Or $3-$5 for half-size single pours.

SERVICE: This is where most people downgrade the rating (because they are always busy with long waits).  However, I can tell you, after 5 times coming here, the friendliness of EVERYONE is top notch, multiple servers, bartenders, and hostess, are always smiling and they really look happy, which makes me happy! One slow night, we got an amazing shoulder massage from our awesome waiter, I think Tavan? Another busy night, we waited 50 mins for a table (even with a reservation), but they were extremely apologetic and kept me updated at all times. My most recent visit, I sat at the bar, and both bartenders, Smooches and Wes, were absolutely awesome explaining all the menu, letting us try multiple wine samples, and we even got some free tokens to come back next time. I understand some people's frustration with long wait times, but the staff here really are awesome and I've had nothing but 5-star experiences, even when there are long lines. 

I will always come back to Barcelona wine bar!  Oh, and I didn't even mention how gorgeous the atmosphere is inside! And they have a stunning outdoor patio dining room! Bonus!
I wish that I had the time to review places right after I eat from there so I can remember all the details that I want to share. But I am going by what I can remember.

This place was near our air bnb so we decided to take a stroll Down the street. Found this gem due to my love for tapas style foods. This place did not disappoint. 

Seated quite quick, wasn't too busy but it was a Monday night. Staff at the front were very nice, the waiter was even nicer. Gave great tips on the menu, what were most popular. Ordered all the favorite items. Every single one was delish! Our favorite was the steak dish. Although it came in a small portion we loved it so much we ordered it a few times after. 

The alcoholic beverages were so good too. It was made to perfection. It did not have an over powering alcohol taste. It was refreshing. 
 
They even gave us complementary dish. It was a cheese type of hush puppy. The sauce for it was so good. The manager even came out and chatted with us for a while. 

Love this place. Must go if you are in the area
When you live in a spot like East Passyunk Ave you find yourself being very restaurant spoiled, and have a very easy time overlooking and passing by several destinations no matter how much good things you hear about them. This is one of the reasons why, despite being constantly reminded of how one of my favorite writers Oscar Wilde could "resist anything except temptation" every time I stared up at their marquee, I kept walking past Barcelona.

Another reason I overlooked it was because of how many times restaurant articles dismissed it as being East Passyunk Ave's first chain restaurant (https://www.phillymag.com/foobooz/2017/06/21/chain-wine-bar-mean-end-cool-east-passyunk-avenue/). But I also didn't find it a completely fair statement given how it's as much of a chain as when a Garces Group or Stephan Starr restaurant opens in another state, or when the bulk of Vetri's restaurants were purchased by Urban Outfitters, only the locals would never be dismissed as such by the same publications.

As curious tastes of paella from street festivals, and drink tokens from an old friend who used to work there added up it became more inevitable that I would be destined to try Barcelona. And when a dining partner and I finally decided to give it a try on a blustery partly snowy evening, the quality tapas bar delivered on the slightly cheaper and warmed us up with delicious cocktails, good wine, and a ton of incredible foods!

Given that it was a cold Friday night Barcelona was packed to capacity with more coming in. But I was impressed with how the restaurant had a manager at every section to attend to guests and make sure that seats got filled within a reasonable time, and that servers didn't let the crowd interfere with their attentive service and spot on recommendations.  Being a fan bourbon, vermouth, and maple syrup I was very won over by the Bourbon Spice Rack cocktail that had all 3 without being overbearing. And my dining partner really enjoyed the spot on red wine recommendation that our server gave her.

Being that we were in a tapas bar, you best believe that we took advantage of ordering a bunch of small plates, and we ended up reveling in the following:

Swiss Chard & Kale - one of the best veggie dishes I've had that impressed with its garlic and sherry soaked raisins.

Brussel Sprouts - I loved their version that was done with just a dash of sour lemon and a good char.

Mushrooms A La Plancha - a perfect trifecta of cremini, shimeji, and oyster mushrooms.

Scallops A La Plancha - Perfectly seared and buttery scallops with a bit of cauliflower.

Gambas al Aijillo - What's not to like about perfectly cooked shrimp with just the right amount of garlic and spicy pepper?!

Chorizo with Sweet & Sour Figs - A Perfect union of spicy chorizo with juicy sour figs in a balsamic reduction. So good!

Hanger Steak - perfectly cooked medium rare with a truffle vinaigrette.

There was a couple of other dishes that I wish I could remember. But with a few more drink tokens available to use, and incredible Spanish cheeses
and MORE PAELLA to be had, I'm definitely destined for more visits to be had.
Lemmie tell you about the bacon wrapped dates. They sit atop blue cheese drizzle. You get 4 of them but a human can only have two. They're pretty sweet. I suggest ending your meal with them. You won't need a desert. 

Now rewind back to the beginning. Is this feeling a little bit like Momemto? 

I got the busy bee non alcoholic mock tail. Really good. They didn't have the wine my wife chose so they offered her a sample of her second choice. She settled on a wine after only one sample! They were willing to bring more. 

We got the Aperitivo cheese board. Look up their menu. Olives, meats and cheeses. 

Between that, free bread and 3 other small plates we were stuffed by the end. I'm normally a big plate guy. Even small share plates normally leave me wanting more. 

We made it out of there with only an $89 bill. That's before tip. 

This was the perfect place for a date night. I wouldn't consider it for just your average night out. Save this place when you want to impress your guests.
I knew it would love this place!
First - staff is amazing ! Walked thru the wrong door but a nice gentleman helped me get a table by walking me over to the hostess . This place was packed on a Thursday at 6pm . Decor both indoor and outdoor is so cute and sorta rustic yet classy . I love it 
Second - food is good . Tapas style so about 2-3 plates per person would be filling , however , I only had the spicy eggplant , 2 of the croquets and one of the empanadas and I was stuffed ! Great great prices on them. $4-6 for each plate we got . 
Drinks is awesome . We did the Wine Geek? flights and for $15.5 it was enough for me to enjoy as well as get a slight buzz lol. They have so many diff selections of wine , I couldn't believe that they house all that wine! 
Lastly - with 2 wine flights and three tapas as well as bread and olive oil , we were stuffed and our bill came to about $55. Filled out the survey without expecting anything but they gave me a chip in return for complimentary wine or plate of food! How awesome is that!!! 

Of course I will be returning (possibly too often) and I love the great addition to Passyunk Ave !
Just went to their opening night with a friend and we are impressed! I've never been to a Barcelona Wine Bar, but the servers were very knowledgeable, if a little over attentive, but plates were cleared to make room for more and water was always full! 

Patatas Bravas were excellent and so flavorful. Same with the Crispy Rice, Asparagus, and Sweet Corn, which they took the bacon off of for this vegetarian, which was nice. The Wild Mushrooms were good, but we were both apprehensive with the soft yolk. We ended up trying it and it was still very good! Also caved and tried the Chocolate Hazlenut Indulgence and it was so worth it! Also has no egg or flour, but it tasted phenomenal. 

We had a glass of wine each and they were good, as well. Will definitely be back!
Delightful brunch spot in South Philadelphia. 

Met friends for Sunday & we had a selection tapas. All were so yummy!!

There's indoor and outdoor seating and some coverage for shade from the sun. Service was prompt, friendly and efficient. 

My friends & I tend to chat a lot even after we've eaten but we were not forced out. We didn't partake in the Build-Your-Own Mimosa bar but what we saw looked amazing. We opted for the Sangria which was ok.

Note, the sheep's cheese with truffle honey no longer comes with pistachios - I was gutted. 

Nice place. I'm sure we'll return.
I've been to Barcelona at their Reston location and the food was very good. When my wife wanted tapas in Philly before the Billy Joel concert, I had to obliged. I didn't realized Barcelona Wine Bar was part of the Philly culinary scene and was pretty excited to dine here.
Our reservation was for 5:30 for 6. We arrived couple of minutes late and they seated us right away. The vibe for this location is similar to the one in Reston, although this one seems a little more spacious. The bar was located in the center of the restaurant with a variety of wine and liquor that would accommodate anyone's taste.
Each one in our party ordered a wine flight to start. I love this option because this provided an opportunity for us to taste wines we haven't try before with little risk because it's only a 3 oz portion. You can make your own flight on top of the what's being offered on the menu. Our waitress was very knowledgeable about wine even though she seems very young. We each told her what kind of wine we like and told her to surprise us all. She did a fantastic job in selecting the wine for each and everyone of us. 
As for dinner, we ordered a variety of tapas from the menu. We ordered two cheeses and two charcuterie. The manchego cheese was very sharp and good flavor. Our waitress also recommended their drunken goat cheese. She indicated this is the goat cheese for people who dislike goat cheese due to their mild flavor. She was right, that was the lightest goat cheese I've ever had. Other goat cheese usually has a very strong gamey taste, this one was certainly mild with a hint of goat flavor. It was delicious.
For dishes to shared, we ordered pork belly, bacon wrapped dates, whipped sheeps cheese, potato tortilla, spicy eggplant, albondigas, tuna tartare, parrillada for two (this is from the to share menu) and other things. Everything we ordered was delicious, although there are couple I would like to call out as everyone's favorite.
Pork belly. The outside was crispy and tender inside with amazing flavor. The cherry pepper relish was the perfect compliment.
Bacon wrapped dates, the saltiness from the bacon was the perfect combination with the sweetness of the dates. First come the crunch and the salt from the bacon, then at the back end, you get the sweet and softness from the dates. Mouth watering.
Tuna tartare, tuna tartare is offered at many restaurants, and they are not created equal. The Tuna tartare from Barcelona was prepared just right. The tuna was light and flavorful and the acid from the citrus was not over powering. The tuna literally melts in your mouth.
Parrillada, this is the meat platter to share. Our favorite meat on that platter was the chicken. The skin was very crispy, and the meat underneath was tender. The seasoning they used was just right. It resonated throughout as you chew through the chicken. 
Overall, Barcelona delivered on every aspect from portion to taste to price point. I would highly recommend this restaurant. Although we live in NJ, we would definitely come back here for another delicious meal. Top notch.
I spent about seven hours in Philadelphia on a drizzly Tuesday in early November. I was there for a couple of work events, at the end of which I needed a place to eat and drink with a party of six and no reservation, preferably on this part of Passyunk. Thankfully, Barcelona was right there, and we were able to walk in and sit down immediately.

This was only my second visit to Philadelphia, and since the first trip was a day trip, this evening sojourn brought my total time spent in Philly to something like 12 hours. Oddly enough, though, I'd been to a Barcelona Wine Bar before--the original location was in New Haven, where I lived for three years, right across the street from my boyfriend's (now husband's) apartment. Even odder, I went there the night I met Jen C., who lives in Philly, and who I saw for the first time in a few years on this night. In any case, I was happy to run across Barcelona again--it felt very fortuitous.

The restaurant was spacious and attractive with an upscale wine bar vibe. Not everyone knew each other, and not everyone was eating, but the dinner was pleasant and relaxed, the restaurant an ideal venue for our impromptu meal. Service was great, attentive and welcoming.

I wasn't drinking, unfortunately, but I did have a nice glass of lemonade while my friends sipped their wine, and I enjoyed the hell out of some tapas. I remembered loving the potato tortilla, and it was in fact delicious, a cake slice of savory egg and potato, served with chive sour cream. The patatas bravas were also excellent, fried potatoes with salsa brava and garlic aioli. On the meatier side, I liked the albondigas, warm spiced meatballs swimming in a rich ham-tomato sauce. The pan-roasted pulp was another winner, the octopus served with pickled white beans and parsley, in a bright green parsley sauce. I was less sold on the gambas al ajillo, which I remembered being a slam dunk. These were shrimp cooked with garlic and guindilla pepper. Not bad, but the least memorable dish of the night.

In any case, I had a lovely time at Barcelona and was glad it appeared on this cold night in Philadelphia. It was exactly right for our needs, and the food was fantastic. I wish we had a location near us now that we're no longer students--we'd go pretty often if it were right down the street.
Came for outdoor dining (they have space heaters now that the temperature is dropping) / brunch with friends and had an amazing experience. They recommend 3-4 plates per person so we ordered:

(This is also ranked in order of favorite to least)
Jamon & Manchego Croquetas
Patas Bravas
Chorizo with Sweet & Sour Figs
Shishito peppers
Grilled Octopus
Potato Tortilla
Pork Belly A La Plancha
Serrano Benedict (think I would've liked this one more if our poached eggs weren't overcooked)
Braised Short Rib

Had a great time, no complaints. Mimosas are good and big plus that they're dog-friendly! Would definitely come back again sometime.
This place looks like some sort of a theatre with the bright white backlit sign. Inside has chic wine cellar vibe and the outside has a very lively and fresh garden feel to it. 

The food here is some of the best I have had. The wine list is massive.

For our anniversary we ordered goat cheese, meatballs, calamari, chorizo and figs, croquettes, crispy potatoes, and sausage paella. We ordered way too much food. Three tapas per person is more than enough food. 

Goat cheese is very creamy and the honey and pistachios on top combine to make a great flavor. I just wish this came with more bread! The bread service brought out to each table also good but just doesn't quite do the goat cheese justice.

Meatballs were also good. They go well with the bread to make kind of a ghetto meatball grinder type of a finger sandwich. 

I love the chorizo and figs here. It is coated in a sweet balsamic sauce. The smell really clears out the sinuses. 

Croquettes are fried to perfection. This is kind of a small dish but oh well, all the other dishes were huge and made up for it. 

The crispy potatoes are also very good. It is fun to eat these with the long wooden skewers. It makes me feel classy and it makes the fried potatoes seem healthier. I just loved fried potatoes!

Paella here is average. I'm not a huge fan of blood pudding that isn't cooked to well done. So that kind of ruined the paella for me. I kind of cooked them by pressing them up against the hot dish it was served on to heat them up a bit more. You can order a single portion of paella for the table so don't be scared off by per person rate. 

We ordered way too much to even entertain the thought of dessert. I have had dessert here in the past and was not super impressed so I wasn't too bummed. 

This place is great. Bring your friends!
Came in for dinner last night. Large selection of charcuterie and tapas. Cool modern ambiance and friendly staff. Took off one star because we had to wait almost 30 minutes for our sangria to arrive which was very annoying, we were half way through our tapas before it came. Now for the food:

Albondigas- perfectly cooked and seasoned meatballs with a tasty marinara sauce. I would come back just for these!

Croquettas- comes with 4 small croquettas with a nice crispy exterior and a smoky ham and cheese inside. Has a little spice to it as well

Beef Empanadas- just okay. Wouldn't order again. Came with two very small empanadas they were a little dry

Seafood paella- loved it! Perfect texture not mushy and beautiful presentation. I had read other reviews that stated you should order in the beginning as it takes about 45 minutes. I asked the server about that and he said no I should order later. I waited about 20 minutes after we were done our tapas before the paella arrived and the couple we were with were only doing tapas. Oh well

Sangria- although it took far too long to arrive we were happy with it. I preferred the traditional sangria over the herbed sangria as the herb sangria was too sweet.

Overall great experience and food! I'll be back for sure :)
I came here on two separate occasions and I have to say that the food is actually really good. Their bar service is great and they usually have seating. There's also plenty of seats inside and outside the restaurant. They have a huge wine selection as you would imagine and they do have three options on their menu that Allow you to sample some of the wine or their alcoholic beverage.
This place is seriously so so so AMAZING!! Was looking for a place to grab dinner last night and came across this in the "hot and new" section of yelp. I assumed it wouldn't be busy as it had just opened but clearly word travels fast!

When we arrived we were greeted by a host who warmly said "Welcome Friends"..so adorable! We decided to sit at the bar and luckily the people next to us moved down one so we could have two seats. The bartender promptly came over with the option of sparkling or flat water and menus. 

We were a little lost on the wine list so we told them what we like (dry un-oaked whites) and they brought over two options and let us taste to decide. We landed on the Evolution and it was phenomenal, then bread was brought to us. Practically half a loaf! We also ordered based on the bartenders recommendations. 

Potatos Bravas- Crispy cubes of potatoes in a cheese and tomato sauce..so amazing..probably the highlight of the meal!
Octopus- Super super tender in a chimichuri sauce
Prawns- I didn't expect them to be served cold, but they were huge obviously..we thought they were a little "fishy" tasting but we ate them anyway..
Mussels- awesome, served in a white wine sauce with plenty of garlic and chopped tomatoes. I would have liked for there to be more broth..like swimming in broth but thats really just a personal preference..I'll definitely order them again!

Everything on the menu sounded absolutely amazing and there are plenty of options. I can't wait to get a cheese plate there..such a deal! You get 3 choices for like $17.50?! I saw plenty of them brought out to other customers and they're certainly not stingy with the portions!

What really stood out though was the service. There were several bartenders, plenty of servers and the general manager was coming around to speak with everyone individually. It felt like we were at a party with the nicest and most caring hosts. 

I can't wait to go back, awesome location, service is phenomenal the menu is extensive and the atmosphere is beautiful! Oh and be prepared to eat once you order! This place was pretty busy and our food arrived in minutes!
It's probably one of the very favorite spots in the city, let alone south Philly. It's situated on the best corner in Passyunk Avenue. Very lively atmosphere delivering a very Spanish vibe as it should. 

Visited with a friend who wanted to try this spot out as well. So we made it a date. We arrived on time, waited very briefly to be seated and our waitress came promptly. Given that I recently discovered I'm lactose intolerant, I asked if they were able to skip some ingredients on some dishes or offer them on the side. The waitress was super sweet. She took my menu, went back to discuss with kitchen and returned by telling me that she had crossed out every dish that had dairy aside the obvious ones. 

Very grateful for my friend as well that allowed me to chose most of dishes that were going to be dairy free. I believe that we ordered one because the kitchen was okay in putting sauce on the side. We ordered a pitcher of sangria that was super delicious and refreshing. 

The only downside is that comparing it to real Spanish food, it lacks a little extra flavor. But that may be due to the quality of food in the States. Until I go back to Spain to enjoy some different patatas bravas, I'll be returning here again. Note: Wine list seemed to be awesome. Salud.
Had a lovely lovely birthday dinner with my family here at Barcelona Wine Bar in Philly. Everything was phenomenal, start to finish!
We were a party of 8 given a nice spot and spacious table to share all of the tapas. Now listen, after living in Barcelona for 5 months my standards are pretty high and I was really really impressed with the variety and flavours of the tapas! While not every single tapa was the most authentic, they were spectacular. Some of my favourites included mushrooms a la plancha, chorizo with sweet figs, jamon croquettas, pulpo, and the whipped cheese. Everything was PHENOMENOL. 
Our server, Dan, was the best!!!! He was kind, attentive, helpful with order and had the sweetest surprise for us at dessert. The restaurant treated us to a free dessert platter which was so so kind! It included an amazing olive oil cake, a crepe with nutella and cream, and a moist chocolate cake! Everything was amazing!
I have been here about 3 times. I actually enjoy the brunch more than the dinner, but I enjoy both very much. I always over order when I get tapas, but I also love the wine selection. It's a great place for happy hour too. The kind of place you where you get some pickies and bevs and relax to catch up with friends. Also, seems like a perfect first date spot.
I recently came here for a girls night out and we had such an amazing experience. There is such a great selection of traditional Spanish tapas, you want to try them all! My friends and I really tried but our stomachs could only hold so much. I liked how the servers did not bring out our tapas whenever they were necessarily ready, but they broke up the tapas as if they were serving appetizers and entrees. The pacing was perfect! The wine selection was pretty extensive. I would most definitely recommend Barcelona Wine Bar and I also can't wait until my next meal here.
We had a 7:45 reservation on a Thursday and didn't get seated until 8:25. The staff recognized this and comped our first round of drinks, which we appreciated. 

The food was hit and miss. The meatballs were a little dry, and the gnocchi lacked flavor. We really enjoyed the bacon-wrapped dates and the vegetable paella. The free bread they serve is also really good. 

I'm glad we tried Barcelona, but I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to return. A good addition to Passyunk regardless.
Is this the hottest new place in Philly? Totally! Went to Barcelona on a Saturday night and in spite of the 60 to 90 min wait time I wanted to experience the place. The vibe of the place is great, very lively and it was overflowing with people. They have a huge bar inside and and a very cute outdoor section. 
We hung out at the bar and ordered wines and sangria. The wines go for 4 to 6 for 3Oz which is great as you can try multiple.They have beer and cocktails too.

This is the best Spanish restaurant I have been too in Philly, they have a large selection the tapas all very reasonably priced. There are lots of vegetarian options and obviously the famous Spanish meats. We loved the  croquettes and meatballs. The salmorejo  and eggplant were also good and we ended with the Catalan Flan.

Must try and probably not on a Saturday night!
A friend and I went for dinner on a Thursday around 5:45pm. I'd say by around 7:00 pm it was pretty full. I enjoyed my cheese plate, but I wish it would have come with maybe olives or fruit. The cauliflower was good as well as the vegetable paella. I also ordered the Patatas bravas but the waiter I guess forgot to write it down because I never got it nor was I charged for it. I really wanted to try them but was too full to reorder them by the time I realized I never got them. For dessert we ordered the crepes and burnt cheesecake, both were good. I would go back, so I could finally try the patatas bravas and I would most likely order the vegetable paella and burnt cheesecake again. The atmosphere was ok, it felt kind of "fast paced", not relaxing (which isn't necessarily a bad thing).
After reading tons of reviews and a lot of buzz on social media, I was very eager to check out Barcelona wine bar in Passyunk. My previous trysts with Spanish food came in the form of world class experiences at Amada and Oloroso, so naturally I assumed that you can't go wrong with Spanish food in Philly. 

The ambience at Barcelona is excellent. The bar space is elegant and the wall art is very tasteful and classy but the food turned out to be strictly average. Gambas Ajillo was decent but the patatas bravas and the eggplant caponata were lacking in flavor and in presentation. I tried both of them at Amada before and I had a decent point of reference.

Maybe it was an off day or maybe I had ridiculously high expectations but either way, it turned out to be a little bit of a disappointment. Not bad at all, but not great either.
My review is really 4.5 stars. But a few reasons why I cannot give it a full 5 stars. First, the music is too loud! Maybe it was where I was seated but on a Thursday night the music should not be so loud that I had to scream to talk. Further, I could barely hear the waiter when she spoke. The tables are very close together so he had to stand behind the persons I was eating with, combined with the noise I just nodded politely every time he spoke. 

Now for the good. Despite not being able to hear my waiter, the service was excellent! (they forgot one of our tapas but when we informed them they had it out right away). The decor is really nice and there is a decent size patio for outdoor seating. The food i amazing!! I cannot wait to go back to try more. My favorites were the pulpo, pork belly and patatas bravas. The chorizo with figs was good, but not sure I would order it again with so many other amazing options. We did not order, but the mussels looks amazing and were a decent size portion. We started with some charcuterie and cheese, which were delicious as well. The drunken goat cheese was a fav. The wine and cocktails were also really delicious. I tried a wine I could not pronounce and it was amazing. They do wine flights. And they have two sizes of wine, so you could try a few if you wanted. The wait staff seemed pretty well versed in the drink menu, which was a plus.

Overall, i highly recommend it and cant wait to go back.
I came here with friends on a Friday night and had such a good time. My one friend and I got there early. The restaurant was extremely crowded (in a good way), but there were two seats at the bar just waiting for us. Almost like fate...!? We drank some red wine and talked about life. When it was time for our reservation, we made our way over to the table where we were introduced to our wonderful and amazing server, Danielle. She talked us through the menu and got us some more drinks. There's a really awesome variety of tapas dishes! My personal standouts were the broccoli rabe, the patatas bravas, the whipped sheep's cheese, and the truffled bikini. The mushrooms and eggplant were both good too but a little less flavorful.

Our reservation was for 9:45pm (kinda late, I know, but I mean I guess we're in Spain after all??). The kitchen stopped taking orders at 10:00pm so we had to rush a little to get all of our orders in before that time. I feel like they should maybe cut off reservations at 9:30pm -- idk, 15 mins. isn't that much time to order if you aren't already prepared. Also, the music was loud. I liked it that way, but might be something to be aware of.

Overall, it was great! Looking forward to going back.
I love Barcelona! I have fond memories from going to the location in CT so when I heard they were opening up in Philly I was so excited. 

The restaurant itself is beautiful, the outside has a marquee reminiscent of an old movie theater and an outdoor patio perfect for warm weather. The service is top notch - the servers are super attentive and welcoming and it seems like 2 people are assigned to each table. It's a great place for a date night, and I decided to come here for my anniversary dinner. 

I know this place is a wine bar and all, but I go straight for the tapas. My absolute favorite dish is the chorizo with sweet and sour figs. The flavor combination is unreal! The crispy cauliflower was delicious, and the croquettes are super satisfying. The potato tortilla was surprisingly heavy in weight but not taste. I love fried potatoes so the patatas bravas are right up my alley. I am also a big fan of the bread they bring out automatically as an appetizer which they are happy to refill. I'm not that into the paella here to be honest, last time I ordered it it was a little wet for my liking and I prefer when the rice on the bottom gets nice and crispy.
this place is just...*chefs kiss*. the menu can be described on one word and it's delicious. every time i'm there the music is incredible, the wait staff is so awesome, and of the course the food is great. 
highly recommend the red wine sangria, which i never recommend bc sangria is usually heavy and sugary but this one here is just so good i'd take one to go. the green beans, beet salad, ham and cheese croquettes, hummus, the list goes on. just incredible. 
definitely the place to share a bunch of tapas with friends and look cute while doing it ya know? 
would love to see some edamame on the menu tho
Dinner was delicious and the atmosphere is Fabulous. We ordered the Calamari, Octopus and Olive oil cake for dessert. Yum!
I was just in Barcelona a few months ago and a few days after I got back they announce Barcelona Wine Bar was coming to Philly. What timing! While it took me a few weeks to make my way there it looks like they did some growing so it was worth the wait. As I compare older and newer reviews you can see there was a difference. 

I have nothing but great things to say about Barcelona Wine Bar. The prices were very reasonable (the Spanish tortilla was only $5) and the service was impeccable. Half of our party arrived much earlier than us and they were able to enjoy some bread and drinks while they waiting and the staff could not have cared less. They were chatty and joking around with us, it was refreshing in comparison to some restaurants where they just want you out. I enjoyed the trendy yet leisurely pace of the restaurant (much like most restaurants in Barcelone itself!) but now onto the food.

Potato Tortilla - the main thing I was looking forward to, absolutely delicious. Well seasoned and cooked we ended up ordering a second!

Pulpo/Octopus - I am not one to go out of my way to order octopus but my roommate is a huge fan and ordered one. I really enjoyed it! Cooked to perfection and the Scallion Chimichurri
sauce complimented it well.

Patatas Bravas - Some of the best I have had in Philly, great sauces and seasonings.

Hanger Steak - Perfectly cooked with a lovely truffle sauce on top. So tasty!

Skate a la plancha - Lovely salsa verde on top and olive oil on the bottom. Really yummy!

Marinated Olives - great taste with the thyme and there were whole garlic cloves that were great to eat with the bread.

Cheesecake - This was absolutely heavenly. It doesn't have a graham cracker crust but I think it's the kind cooked in a water bath. Creamy and delicious. Need this again in my life soon.

Chocolate Cake - We may have ordered this because we were intrigued as it said there was coconut ice cream on top but turned out it was just vanilla (sad) but still a very tastey molten chocolate cake. BUT THEN we combined it with the cheesecake and all bets were off. SO GOOD! 

Looking forward to trying other things on the menu very soon!
My girlfriend and i came here tonight for my birthday dinner and I want to start by saying that Barcelona really made it a special night. I have to start by giving credit to Karl and Abby. Karl was our server and he was great from the beginning. He checked on us and made sure were taken care of. He was knowledgeable, fast and funny. Abby offered us complimentary sherry with our dessert which was delicious (we never had Sherry before) she was also very welcoming. Thank you Barcelona staff for the great experience. We will be back!
We love taking a stroll down Passyunk Avenue and exploring the area's trendy bars and cool shops. My bf is a huge movie buff so the marquee on the front of Barcelona really caught our eye so we decided to stop in for a drink after the Italian Market Festival. I ordered a white sangria, served to me in a basic looking water glass, no garnish, and no straw. Ok...now second thoughts about coming in here start to set in. After looking around and confirming the lack of garnish and glass was commonplace, I asked about the straw and they said they were all out. It was only about 5pm. Major womp on the sangria taste and presentation-wise. Should've just ordered a glass of wine. Hindsight is 20/20. 

As far as food, other bar patrons' food looked good but I could tell everyone was left underwhelmed by the portion sizes. Cute date spot potential, but eat and drink a little something before you come.
I LOVE this place! Barcelona has managed to change my mind on TWO things I was previously against - chain restaurants and bread. The food was amazing and always complemented with a flavorful sauce. The abundantly refilled bread was hot, soft in the center, and perfect dipped into the delicious olive oil (which they sell by the bottle for $18, by the way)! I'm more of a beer gal, but I would come here over and over again for the food.
Four stars is more so for the service. Food wasn't as good as I had expected but maybe that's because we ate the vegetarian options only. Didn't try any of the drinks but they looked good
Atmosphere, atmosphere, atmosphere,!!!!! This is a fantastic place to go with friends and enjoy tapas and libations!!! The food was delicious! It was packed with people and the energy was palpable! We were a group of six and we had a wonderful time, whether at the bar or sitting at a table. There is no doubt this is a popular place in Philly. Make reservations!
I quite literally can not say enough good things about this place.  The ambience, decor, staff, food, service, EVERYTHING was amazing. 

First, the place was bustling with people on a snowy Saturday night.  It was quite crowded in the front, the seating areas were very comfortable.  It also wasn't so loud that you couldn't hear your dinner companion speaking.  We could also hear the great music they were playing (I even had to shazam some of the songs because they were great!) 

Next, the food & drinks. [note: we only got seafood and veggie dishes] We started off with warm bread on the table which was delicious and soft on the inside and crunchy (but not tough) on the outside.  I ordered two wine flights: Win Geek and Garnachista.  These flights include three different wines in 3-ounce pours. My bf ordered a Whiskey root and the Bourbon Spice Rack.   He enjoyed them both.  For Tapas we got 6 (veggie and fish options only): Crispy Calimari, Hummus, Papas Bravas,  Fish Plancha, Caponata, and the Pulpo.  They were all great but the Fish Plancha (swordfish) and Pulpo (Seafood) were our favorites.  For desert we got the burnt cheesecake.  It wasn't my favorite because the burnt flavor was a little too strong and it didn't taste like cheesecake I'm used to, but my bf liked it because it wasn't sweet at all.   

We really enjoyed our dinner and our dining experience.  The manager, Mike, came over and introduced himself and made sure we were taken care of and I thought that was a nice touch.  Also, the food was EXTREMELY reasonable.  With our food and drinks we spent about $60 per person.  

A couple of tips: Tapas come out in about 7-10 minutes so we ordered four to begin with and kept the menu to decide on what else we would want.  With all our food and drinks we were there for a total of 1hr and a half.  People without reservations were waiting for quite a while.  PLEASE make a reservation for Saturday nights, there was nothing worse than seeing the dejected faces of patrons who didn't make a reservation as we walked in and got seated right away.  They do the reservations on their website and not on opentable like most other places. 

Needless to say: we can not WAIT to come back and try some more amazing wine and tapas!
Barcelona Wine Bar is always a good time. The first few times I went was shortly after they opened and service was still a bit chaotic, but now they've (mostly) smoothed out the wrinkles. In my opinion, Barcelona is best enjoyed as a group - their tapas menu features a lot of well-executed, interesting choices and their larger plates (the branzino in particular) are very good. However, it works surprisingly well for a party of two, as the price point is affordable enough that you can eat yourself silly without doing too much damage to your wallet.

Recently, a friend and I stopped in on a weeknight and got to sit on their lovely, plant-filled patio. We both did a 3-glass wine flight; the menu has preset options for ~$14, or you can opt to make up your own and pay $5-6 per 3oz pour. I would have gotten one of their preset ones if they offered a white wine option, but unfortunately they only had all-sparkling or all-red options. Our waiter, Sergio, was friendly and very well-informed about the wine menu. He took the time to sit down and help us choose wines that fit our preferences. I definitely enjoyed my glasses, and felt that in general, the wine list featured fun and drinkable (if not particularly sophisticated) wines.

Food-wise, we ordered the charcuterie + cheese platter (we chose jamon serrano and a really lovely manchego and goat cheese soaked in red wine for $17.50) and five tapas. We enjoyed all of our plates - standouts included the almost dessert-like bacon-wrapped dates served with what tasted like blue cheese-béchamel, the steamed mussels in tomato sauce, and the pulpo, which paired well with the creamy potatos and crunchy celery. It was definitely a pretty ridiculous amount of food, yet our total (before tip) came out to ~$50pp.

Barcelona's menu is large and varied enough that everyone can find something they love, and the plates are all full of flavor. However, for me, the best part about Barcelona is its convivial atmosphere, which is especially enjoyable in our outdoor space during the summer. Whether for a birthday party, a fun date, or just a nice night out, I'd definitely recommend Barcelona.
A decent tapas place made even better with the restaurant week!

Must try: whipped sheep's cheese, shrimp, mussels, the freshly baked bread, bread pudding
Meh: pork belly, calamari, paella, bacon wrapped dates
Missed: hummus

The best thing about a tapas restaurant is going with a good of friends who like to share food. As a group, we pretty much tried all of the items listed above, and the ones that stood out, more than any other, was the whipped sheep's cheese, which was so creamy, dreamy, and carried that extra kick in the end that continues to melt my heart and clog my coronaries as I remember them. The freshly baked bread is possibly the best item in the entire establishment, with the slightly but crunchy bread exterior and moist chewy center, sigh...still amazing. As for the rest, I really did not like the paella, it was bland and slightly overpriced. I also don't think there was enough seafood. the pork belly had to be ordered separately and it was decent, but the amount of pork fat overpowered the rest of the mouthfeel.

Overall, this was still a great spot and I'd def recommend it for large parties during restaurant week.

Food: 4 stars
Price: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Such a beautiful place.We arrived at 7:30 on a Friday night with no reservation and put our name in. The restaurant was poppin' and too crowded to have a drink at the bar so we walked down the avenue, had a drink or two and an hour later they called my phone. So worth the wait.  We sat outside on a breezy August evening and satisfied our bellies in every way. All of what was served was beautiful... drinks and tapas.I want to go back soon because there was so much more on the menu that I would like to try. Try the pulpo and crispy eggplant. Honestly I can't include all that needs to be tasted. Just order until your heart is content. You won't be disappointed. The staff couldn't be more accommodating..from the hostess to the server. Everything we ordered was delicious and beautiful. There really isn't anything for which you could go wrong. Just go. It's exquisite. And beautiful. And delicious.
I'm a bit torn, because at it's best, Barcelona Wine Bar is a 5-star experience, but you could very well end up with a 3-star experience, too. That inconsistency is what kills me!

That said, the one key consistency we've always had was great, friendly service. Considering we only began going to this location during the pandemic (we had only been to the Boston location when we lived there), the fact that service has always been positive is really impressive, and is what really keeps me from a 3-star rating.

The inconsistency is the food. We generally go to Barcelona Wine Bar when we're craving paella. Generally speaking, their paella is the closest we can get to what we'd enjoy during our frequent trips to Spain (pre-pandemic), but when it's a miss, it's really a miss, with not nearly enough seafood to carry the bland flavor. Still better than nothing, but it just doesn't always hit the spot...especially after you wait quite a while after ordering (order when you sit down if you're sure you want paella, by the way). If you're like us, you're always seeking out some amazing socarrat, but sometimes there's barely even a hint on the bottom. I'm pretty sure you're better off going for the larger sizes, as our most disappointing versions have been the smaller pans. Perhaps the larger surface area helps keeps things thinner and able to cook down faster and toast the rice a little better. Either way, definitely go with the mariscos, as it's the best of the bunch.

As for tapas, these, too, are hit or miss. I'm pretty sure we've tried almost every tapa on the menu, and when they're good, they're also great, but the only consistent performer always seems to be the patatas bravas. Some preparations, like the octopus, are being modified constantly, so don't fall in love with a lot of the preps. 

Overall, we'll continue to go to Barcelona Wine Bar. Especially because they hold the best odds of satiating our paella craving, but we'll likely always go there with muted expectations on the food front. It's still a good spot with a solid atmosphere, tasty cocktails, and a friendly staff. Definitely worth checking out if you're in the mood for some Spanish cuisine. 

Enjoy!
The atmosphere of this place is amazing! There is so much interesting artwork. From this, I knew I loved this place. It's not often the majority of dinner conversation is, "what do you see in this painting?" Needless to say, everyone saw something very different, in each piece. The music was also a nice touch. 

Now moving on to the food. It was quite tasty. I ordered the spicy eggplant dish. It was served cold, which I wasn't expecting. I never thought I would like cold eggplant. I also ordered the cauliflower dish. I was not a fan of this at all. The sauce was weird. I was full after these two dishes, for both it was $11. My boyfriend was not as much of a fan. He eats a lot. He ordered three dishes and was still very hungry. Each dish ranged between $5-$8. They are tapas, so we knew they would be smaller portions. I wouldn't plan to make this a dinner place (like we did) but rather an appetizer/drink place. 

The wine list is very long. They do 3oz/6oz pours. The cheapest 6oz glass was $8.50. The wine was good, but the price takes away from that a bit. I wish they had a happy hour special. I would definitely be a regular at this place, if that were the case.
It was a great meal. Other visit was at night and it was just too nuts for my taste. This was a beautiful Sunday afternoon with friends. Very chill. Great service! The manager stoped over a few times. So drinks. Nice wine list, with Interesting choices. Friend had a Bloody Mary . It's a make your own and the choices made it very worth while. Lots of pickled veggies. Serrano ham!! Manchego! 
I posted a picture. We ordered too much ..look at the pictures. Their version of French toast . Wow. The ham and cheese croquettes, crazy good. Solid cheese board. Their bread was warm and crunchy , soft in the middle. EveryThing  was wonderful. Brunch is the way to go. Best meal out in a while. By the way very reasonable like $105 for 4!!!
Came by on a Friday night and was impressed with the service of the kitchen staff. Our tapas came out hot and fresh and were quickly flowing to our table. 

Before you get your meal, they serve you hot fresh baked bread with olive oil.   The bread is legit.  I love a place with fresh hot bread.  
 
- Calamari - spot on.  Fried deliciousness and sauce is great.  
- Steak - really tender and the truffle sauce is a nice combination. Made sure to scoop it all up
- Patatas Bravas - the potatoes are fried well.  Doused in mayo and sprinkled with paprika. 
- Croquettes - ham and cheese balls - good combo. Didn't realized we ordered so much fried food!
- Empanadas - these are ok.  I'd probably order something else next time 
- scallops and Corn polenta - great sear on the scallops and cooked well.  The polenta is the star of the dish though. It's got so much fresh corn flavor. really enjoyed it.

Solid place - good food, good service m!
I've been here for my birthday last year and another two other occasions. I enjoy the food thoroughly and do recommend the Happy hour Board, the drinks/cocktails are tasty and well made. In general every time I've been here I have found some new dishes to try, however recently I don't if they've switched chefs or the line but the amount of salt tends to over power the tapas. Just my take but the food and service is good.
This place has easily made it on to my list of go-to brunch places! Such good food, but a little on the pricer side.

My friend made the reservation for 3 for 11:30, but due to traffic and unplanned events, we had to push the reservation to 12:30, then 1, and the staff was super understanding. I arrived a little early and was seated right away. They have both indoor and outdoor seating and seats at the bar.

Today was my first time here and my sister's first time for brunch. Our server took the time to explain the dishes to us and even give us some of her recommendations. 

Each of us ordered a build-your-own mimosa. We were served a glass of wine and got to add our own juice (orange, guava, grapefruit, pear, pineapple, and cranberry) and fruits (pineapples, oranges, raspberries). For the three of us, we ordered 12 tapas, which was a little more than we needed. We were easily full by 7 dishes. Rather than wait for each of the dishes to be cooked before serving, they gave us our food as they were finished. 

The tapas we ordered were: shishito peppers, spiced bacon-wrapped dates, hanger steak, beef empanada, albondigas, jamon & manchego croquettes, bacalao con huevos, olive oil pancakes, torrijas, patatas bravas (x2), and serrano benedict. At the mimosa bar, there was also prosciutto and cheese to eat with the complimentary bread baskets.

Some of my dislikes:
- bacon wrapped dates were a little too sweet
- olive oil pancakes were nothing special except the syrup which had olive oil in it (not a fan)
- torrijas were a little to greasy for my taste (but I am aware that it's typically deep fried) but loved the addition of strawberries and the toast being soaked in a strawberry cream

My favorites were the patatas bravas, jamon & manchego croquettes, beef empanada, albondigas, and the bacalao con huevos! In the future, I think I would order some lighter dishes and drinks, maybe a salad or fruit, just because the tapas are very carb and protein heavy and dense, so it would have been nice to have a little break. 

Can't wait to come back. I'm already missing the patatas bravas, jamon & manchego croquettes, and the bacalao con huevos.
i'll start by saying the service here is odd - it's hard to figure out who your server actually is sometimes because they share tables. 

all of the food here is delicious ! the hanger steak and roasted red pepper hummus are my personal favorite. 

i have been here a few times and i brought a group of girls around the holidays - everyone was happy and full and we didn't break the bank!

the cocktails add up quickly but if you're just eating, your bill won't be too high
Instead of our usual Sunday southeast Asian destination brunch in South philly, I had a notion that Barcelona wine bar was what we needed.

Hunch followed. Rolled in at 1:30, found a perfect spot on the street directly across from the restaurant, and decided that the fates agreed...this was to be our brunch today. Good hunch. 

Greeted as we walked in by a charming hostess who seated us exactly where we wanted to sit. She greeted us, got us menus, and welcomed us to the restaurant and offered guidance with the menu should we need it. 

Waiter number one stopped by, informed us of the Bloody Mary and mimosas table at the side of the restaurant and introduced us to the menu as well...made some suggestions and left us to peruse for a moment. 

Waiter number two stopped by and asked if we had any questions and i asked about the three plates for which spanish translations escaped me (my Spanish is a little rusty) 

Started with four items...the truffle bikini, Gambas al Aijilo
, striped bass crudo, and olive oil pancakes with mint honey.

Stuff started to arrive and we added the jamon and Manchego croquettes and albondigas.

The striped bass crudo, for starters was light and refreshing...very fresh fish with a nice vinegar base and blood orange with pickled onions and peppers that were addictive.  Worked as a perfect palate cleanser between varying hot bites of the other plates.

Gambas (read shrimp) cooked in olive oil with nice roasted hot peppers, herbs and dark toasted garlic was very good. Even better when the server brought some bread over to sop up the spicy oil left behind. Delish!

The truffle bikini was good. Basically a kicked up grilled ham and cheese to a higher order. For the ham they used a good Serrano and the cheese, idiazabal (good choice of cheese) . It was cut in four vertical wedges and placed atop a truffled cream smear .  Only possible knock was that the truffle was a little too subtle...needed more of that earthy goodness to keep up with and balance the sharp meat and cheese. 

The Albondigas (spiced meatballs in a tomato sauce) were excellent. Perfect texture with a deep developed and flavorful sauce which also got sopped up with that bread the waiter brought us. Very savory and nice. 

The jamon and Manchego croquettes on a bed of garlic aioli were nice. Very well cooked with a perfect crisp crust and a gooey interior. Only thing i would do to improve this would be to make the aioli more tangy or Sharp to contrast the creaminess of the dish.  

And finally, best for last...the pancakes. Yes, the pancakes. I would not have expected this to be the highlight, but something special there. Glad my partner in crime ordered them, as they were the standout. We got them with the olive oil and mint honey on the side.  I think this is the way to do it. I'm not usually a pancake kind of guy but Damn. These were fire! Every bite was dipped into the delicious mint honey and then the olive oil. Something about the way the sweet mint honey hit the sweet sensation then the contrast of the warm buttery olive oil with flakes of sea salt rolling over my tongue. I don't know the chemistry of what happened there but i don't ever want pancakes any other way from here forward. I can't believe I'm saying this about pancakes but wow. 

Can't wait to go back again. Maybe for dinner to get the expanded tapas menu, but i don't know, it might just be brunch again just so i can get more of those pancakes on the brunch menu. 

Great service, very good food, and a warm and relaxed vibe. Great spot.
Barcelona is a wonderful place if you like to dine on multiple small plates like I do. I would rather have one of everything on the menu than a ton of any one thing. Their menu is always updating with seasonal favorites, such as the delicious heirloom tomato salad with burrata. Their haricot verts are so incredible I asked the kitchen for the recipe. Depending on how many people you dine with I would share 2-3 plates per person. They will also provide a hefty amount of STUNNING bread. 

I am not a cocktail drinker, but they always look so tempting. They have an extensive wine list as one would expect. For me it is either a Peroni or a red sangria (pitcher if with friends). Come sit at their beautiful bar and chat with their beautiful bartenders, or grab a table with your party. 

They are open 4pm-9 pm Monday to Thursday, 4pm-10pm Friday, 11am-10pm Saturday, 11am-9pm Sunday. Cheers
Barcelona have been on my list to visit for a while. I made a reservation in advance for six of us. When we showed up the entire place was packed. The hostess let us know we would receive a text message once our table was ready. Unfortunately even with the reservation we had to wait about 20 minutes.

Once we got seated everything is great. Our server Nicole was fantastic and gave great recommendations. We ended up getting about two tapas per person in addition to a double order of paella. All of us agreed that the paella was just "ok" but in the future we would just go with only tapas. Our favorites of the night were the croquetas and the patatas bravas for SURE. For dessert we got a flan and a chocolate lava cake. Both were SO good. 

Other than the wait at the beginning our night at Barcelona was excellent and we'll definitely be back.
One of my Philly favorites!

I came here before covid to celebrate a friend's birthday and we had a wonderful time from start to finish. Service is fantastic and food is amazing. Our servers were fun, professional, and attentive, making the celebration extra pleasant. The menu is tapas style, so you get to try all kinds of food, and they offer sides of delicious bread that fills you up too. I also loved the beautifully decorated space, with ample seating both inside and outside. 

Highly recommend :)
i've been here twice now and my only issue is the serivce. it's kind of weird ! everyone who works here is nice but you're never too sure who your actual waiter is because they share tables. it's hard to grab anyone's attention if you need anything. 

the food is awesome. i brought a picky vegetarian with me and had zero problems ! starting off with hot fresh bread is always awesome and the small plates come out super quickly when they're ready. 

my favorite plates were the beet salad, sweet potatoes, hanger steak and the brussels sprouts.
I have spent alot of time at the Barcelona in West Hartford . That being  said Barcelona Philly does a very good job with Tapas. The service is excellent and the wine selection is extensive and reasonably priced. I would rate the food very good not great. Everything was served hot and came out fast which leads me to believe some of the items are prepared ahead of time. 

 Excellent Items 
 Flank Steak
Zucchini Salad 

Very Good Items 
Sword Fish La Plancha
Abondingas
Sausage and Figs 
Veggie Paella 

Good 
Mussels
Spinach and chic pea

Not sure i would  return but enjoyed my  time
This was a beautiful thing.  I love tapas. There's nothing better than trying little plates of different items. Some notables: watermelon salad, meatballs,  olives, bread. Everything was perfectly done,  artfully plated, fresh.  The staff was like that of a 5 star restaurant. Definitely check this out if you're in Philly.
I went here last week on whim and ended up loving this place. They have really nice outdoor seating on a patio and on the sidewalk. Was quoted a 30 minute wait time, but only had to wait 10minutes. 

Each table has a QR code and all of the ordering / payment is done on your phone. This is new since COVID, but I have to say I am fan of this kind of ordering. It makes it way easier when you're with a group of people. Each person can order their own stuff and have their own tab. I also hate waiting around for the check and trying to pay at the end of a meal and this completely eliminates that. You pay on your phone and can leave whenever you want. You still have a server to answer any questions and bring you things, but it's nice not having to flag someone down when you want something you just order it. 

The drinks were very good. I got the bourbon spice rack and the whiskey root. I preferred the bourbon spice rack and would definitely get that again. I didnt get a lot of food, but everything I got I enjoyed. We got the chorizo sweet and sour figs, the skate wing, and the whipped sheep's cheese. I personally dont like truffle and missed the truffle honey on the menu when I ordered the sheep's cheese, so I wish I had gotten it without it, but if you like truffle it definitely goes well with the cheese. 

Overall, there is really nothing negative I can say about this place. I am looking forward to returning and trying out more of their menu.
"You guys ate good today."- Ben (our server). We had 7 tapas plates, 4 of the cocktails, two of the cheeses, the chorizo, and four of the wines by the glass that they had to offer. Before we even launch into what we ate, the bill was ridiculously reasonable. $150 for three people and an insane amount of food/alcohol. Our first round of tapas was definitely better than our second, our first included: chilled prawns, the chorizo in figs (OUR FAVE), the hanger steak (close second!), and the croquettes. We all agreed we'd do that entire round a second time. The second round includes the patatas bravas (glorified home fries, but still yummy), empanadas (we'd skip these), and the fried eggplant (we'd skip this also). We came away full and happy, but this was all partially due to our amazing server Ben who was a sweetheart. He was so great we wanted him to sit down and talk to us the whole time. Overall the ambiance was pretty casual (we were there at 4 pm when they opened) but it was very well designed inside. This is definitely a place that we'd all like to visit again!

Our only suggestions would be a happy hour, and a wine flight that consisted of all white wines.
I've been to Barcelona twice now, and I'm a fan of its food, drinks, service and atmosphere.

Food: Tapas style. I've traveled to actual Barcelona recently and loved ordering the things that I ate there. Croquettes, potato tortilla, albondigas (meatballs), patatas bravas were some of those, and they were all delicious. We also got calamari, mussels, broccolini, and beet salad. There is a nice variety of seafood, meat, and vegetable dishes on the menu. I would highly recommend to get vegetables, and maybe from the salad section, because everything is very flavorful and rich and needs some balance with lightness. We ended up asking for a lot of bread for this reason.

Drink: We were able to order sangria on happy hour and then followed up with cocktail and wine which were all amazing.

Service: Excellent! Some of us arrived early and they were very accommodating to let us get a drink at a bar and also go to our table early. The server asked us about any allergies and helped explain the menu. She also brought out a complimentary anchovy dish (boquerones) that one of us was really interested in but no one else was. And later, one of my friends accidentally knocked over her glass, and a staff walked over and was very kind about making sure it was taken care of and ensuring that it was no big deal.

Lastly, I really enjoyed the atmosphere too. The space is beautiful, large, and open, yet the seating options are still quite intimate and personal.
So SO happy this place has made it's way up here. What a perfect addition to Passyunk. I highly recommend this restaurant for groups and even date nights (the seating at the bar is wonderful)

I came here on a Sunday night with a large group for a birthday.. if you're looking to steer clear from crowds I recommend a Sunday night it was more on the quiet side at 6pm but was more packed by the time we were done at 9. 

The service was 5 stars -- our waiter could not have been better. He had a great upbeat vibe and really took care of us throughout the entire night from the wine recommendations, tapas selections to make sure we were hitting all the right plates, refilling their delicious warm bread baskets to topping the night off with surprise birthday shot and a dessert sampling. Service was quick so even though the tapas are small they do fire them out with good timing.

We decided to try a little bit of everything. The sangria was great -- not too sugary or fruity... each pitcher was equally as good between the rose, red and white... try them all!

Tapas wise... the timing of plates was perfect on how it came out with enough breaks that we didn't get too full too fast but were satisfied by the end of the night. The drunken goat cheese was AMAZING. We also tasted the empanadas, bourdon spice rack, calamari, potatoes bravas (you can not come here and not get 2 orders of these!), meatballs, and mussels. The drunken goat cheese and meatballs were the winners at our table. 

Barcelona almost reminded me of Amada just a much more casual vibe and smaller portions but overall same concept and menu options. You won't be disappointing with this place. I can't wait to get back and try the other options. There is enough seating inside with different tables vs. outdoor seating to have a completely different experience each time whether you're coming with a large group or a date.
This had to be the worst takeout experience I've ever had. I've never eaten Barcelona before and I wanted to grab a quick bite before heading back home to Jersey. I ordered 2 appetizers and a slice of olive oil cake. I got the patatas bravas and the pork belly. Before I ordered, I looked up pictures on Yelp so I can get an idea or what to get. Now I understand that takeout and dine in is a different experience because the presentation is not there, but wow was this disappointing. I think if anything the takeout food should be up to par or even better than the dine in food because of the state of the world we live in now.

First why did I get basically half a loaf of complimentary bread??? Was it to make up for the glorified bacon that was the pork belly? The only good thing about my food was the jam that came with the pork belly and the garlic aioli. I gave the pork belly to my dog because I know she appreciated it more than I could've. All of this cost $23 (olive oil cake not pictured)

This order has stained my experience with Barcelona, I don't think I'll ever order or visit again.
The experience had at Barcelona Wine Bar Passyunk makes me question why I have not visited previously. Between the service, food, and drinks, I have a hard time saying which part was my favorite. Even down to the host's willingness to accommodate a simple request. 

We started with wine flights--because that is the thing to do here! We ordered the Bio-Curious (two reds and one white) and the Acid Trip (two whites and one red). The flights matched and complimented each other well. No one wine overpowered the others within their trio. Gabriela--our amazing waitress--made some good decisions and assured us we would not be dissatisfied with our selections. 

To the food: we ordered the Parrillada (for one) and the Paella Mariscos (for one). Gabriela reviewed the menu with us prior to ordering and expressed the portion sizes were in fact generous, and that we would be able to share one. However, not one to resist temptation--homage to the signage outside the restaurant--we indulged. Also, since the restaurant is known for its tapas, one made its way to the table: Pulpo. This octopus centered tapas had potatoes and a sauce that were exquisite. Octopus can be a bit of a gamble, but they were able to refrain from letting it get chewy, which was much appreciated. 

Cooked to perfection would be my best description for both dishes. The Paella was a combination of bottleneck clams, squid, mussels, and prawns. I am not a huge fan of prawns, but their preparation adjusted my views quite a bit. I would order it again and definitely start with the prawn. 

The Parillada was a combination of NY strip steak, pork, salad, and chicken. I may have purposefully ordered foods that aren't high on my favorite lists to accommodate my company, but again: I was made a fan. I can easily pass on steak but this was not one of those nights. The steak was actually cooked as requested and not over-seasoned as a way of compensating for anything. Further, the pintxo (pork) was insanely delicious. There was a sauce/dressing that accompanied this dish that elevated it to just the right level. If I had any negative feedback on the dish: it would be the amount of salt used on the chicken. It wasn't overwhelming but definitely noticeable. Noting this, it did not take anything away from the meal. The salad, loaded with olives, was refreshing and light; it worked well balancing the meats. 

Attention should be paid to the drinks (don't judge). Along with the wine flights, we ordered the Bourbon Spice Rack, Gintonic, Whiskey Root, and Richmond Gimlet. Being whiskey and gin fans, these were obvious choices, based on their descriptions. They were inventive with the Gintonic  containing grapefruit and the various flavors like quinquina reserved for the whiskey. Our favorite was was the Bourbon Spice Rack but they were all great contenders.

We almost passed on dessert but a suggestion for Olive Cake was made, and I wasn't planning to resist. The Olive Cake was moist and flavorful; the sea salt that topped it was welcomed texture and flavor that enhanced the flavor of the cake. 

Ultimately, we can be blown away by the food or the service and, on rare occasions, you can find both in one night--at the same venue. Gabriela was amazing, as was Thea, who waited on us when the restaurant was getting busier. They greatly enhanced the experience, and I cannot wait to visit again!
REVIEW 2021 

Feb 14: My Girls and I came here to have dinner for "Galantine's Day". I saw somebody post the name of the restaurant and decided to go. This location is in Philadelphia. I love how the atmosphere was so elegant and the music was pretty nice too. The food was really good. They just come in really small portions. (I like to eat) . The Sangria was terrific. The bathroom was very nice and clean. The waiters were very nice and patient. I would recommend coming here. They were OUT of calamari this night. Was soooo upset. Anywho, overall, I give them 5 stars. See photos attached.
Most of the food was good, however our entree took almost an hour and was burnt to the pan completely. Every drink ordered took at-least :25 minutes and the service was beyond horrible.
I am so so glad I stopped by this bar! We were looking for small plates to share and found this lovely little spot by luck! They have patio and street side outdoor seating, as well as a large indoor dining are if you are comfortable. 

The one part that made me REALLY thankful is our service. I forget his name, but he was a larger man who served us and was extremely helpful and friendly! When my girlfriend mentioned her gluten and dairy allergies, he helped identify every item on the menu that could potentially cause her to feel unwell. On top of that, he was very helpful and eager to explain what the dishes were, which was great since some were in Spanish. 

We got a bunch of smaller plates to share and then a half seafood paella for the larger plates. Everything was delicious, even their complimentary bread! The mussels were so fat and full of flavor, the octopus was the perfect level of grilled, and the calamari was so crisp and delicious. I would order every single one of those again! If you like seafood, this is definitely the place to be. 

The paella is delicious - I will say though that if you do not like crispier rice, this is not for you. The rice is so crispy you have to scrape it off of the pan. The flavors were perfectly done, and the seafood was cooked perfectly. A half serving is definitely more than enough for two if you are ordering. 

Finally, to finish out, we ordered the burnt cherry cheesecake which I loved. You have to like the deeper and thicker cheeses to enjoy this one though - my girlfriend was not a fan. They come with maraschino cherries and the crust was slightly burnt so that you got an extra crisp. I ate the whole thing and would have eaten more!

All in all, a great place that I would definitely come back to for a nice date night!
We had dinner here with a couple of friends from out of town. I have family from Spain, so I'm pretty picky and also quite familiar when it comes to tapas... I came here to say this place hits the spot.

It's hard to miss when you're driving down Passyunk... It looks a little commercial, even can be considered boastful if you want to personify a building. If it is boastful, it is rightfully so. Try the Patatas Bravas, trout a la plancha, and whipped ricotta. And for dessert - the Catalan Flan. I think about this once a week.

We had such a fantastic meal, the service was great, it felt pretty COVID safe and compliant, and the price is suitable for the quality of the food and the atmosphere. Except for one thing -- the music is just too loud. It's distracting, and honestly, it took away from the tasty food and overall experience.

I don't want to actually yell about how good the food is across the table, even if it is trendy to say you want to "scream it from the rooftops." I suppose if you're trying to not have a conversation with your party, then come here and just eat in silence, because you might lose your voice in competition with the rest of people yelling over the sound.

Next time, I think we'll try to eat outside, hopefully not under a speaker.
Yes.  This place is great.  If it had not been so noisy (loud music = loud guests) it would have received a 5.  The food was amazing; delicious and served promptly.  You could live on the bread and olive alone.  Not a single tapas was a disappointment.  The burnt cheesecake was stunning. Service was attentive.  We bought a bottle of their heavenly olive oil. Really delicious.  It is hard to believe this is part of a chain.
I thoroughly enjoyed my first time meal at Barcelona Win Bar Passyunk. The tapas here were FIRE. 

The ambiance is cool, the bartenders were very helpful at explaining the tapas if you are unfamiliar with Spanish Cuisine. 

You get started with half a loaf of soft and tender bread. Literally, the bread melts in your mouth. You are provided a small serving of oil to dip the bread in. I recommend adding salt and pepper to the oil for extra flavor.
The empanadas get 2 thumbs up and 10 head nods, they stole the show. The calamari was delicious. I HIGHLY recommend a pitcher of sangria too. I'm no lightweight, but two glasses of sangria added helped add an extra hint of yum to my food! I finished out the evening with the Flan. The flan is an excellent treat for two to enjoy!

This is a spot with a vibe that will make you never want to leave. Definitely, coming back and I recommend this spot as a good place to get Tapas.
Woo Wee! It's been a long time Sam! So good. So good. I felt like Bill and Ted transporting through a phone booth to my past in Spain! Gambas al ajillo, shrimp perfectly cooked in garlic, Patatas bravas, fluffy on the in crispy on the out, Croquettes, gasmically good, Crepe with spinach and mushroom, one of the best I have ever had, Tortilla Espanola, just like I had in Barcelona,so simple, yet so hard to execute, was OMG good. Not just Good... but Extraordinarily good!  

Service from Evey, we called her the server with the cool hair, was one of the best servers we have ever had at one of these outings. Sangria was good but the Bloody Mary Bar was peeeerfect! Can't wait to go back!   Not to try to compare but Lot Lot better than Amada.
This is the third time I have come here and left unhappy. The first time I came was for dinner then I came for brunch and I recently came again for dinner and was just underwhelmed. The cheese plate was not exciting, it was just plated and looked sad. We tried the spiced carrots which were too large to eat without cutting into but was weirdly too hard. You felt like you needed a steak knife to cut the carrots. The whipped cheese needed to be softer, so that it would spread easier on the bread. Lastly, the croquettes saved the meal since they were delicious. 

I just think every time I give this place another chance I regret it, I think I'll just go somewhere else next date night.
My boyfriend and I wanted to do a nice date-night in the city for no other reason than we WANTED to... We were hoping our first visit to Barcelona Wine Bar would be a special one - and it certainly did NOT disappoint.  The staff was incredibly warm and inviting.  From the maître d' to the manager, the food runners... everyone.  But a special nod to our server - Alex (likely not the correct spelling) - she was simply the best.  From her speed and efficiency to her warm smile and her incredible recommendations - she's a superstar and should be commended as a real asset to the entire team.  The way in which Alex asked just a few questions to determine our collective and individual tastes made this entire experience a real treat.  This was better than we could have ever expected.
We arrived early and were seated immediately in a nice booth - the place is, again, very warm - nicely appointed wood fixtures and just a cool modern feel.  I could see where one might complain that it's too dark, but I actually prefer it that way, so I was very comfortable.  Also - the food comes out at an unbelievable pace.  It's almost a miracle they can produce such quality with such speed and grace. 
We started with a really nice selection from the extensive wine list - a nice Spanish blend I'd not heard of before - it was absolutely THE perfect accompaniment to our experience.  The prices in the wine list are not at all out of line like you find in some other fine establishments. 
The food... oh my!  Listen - this place is the bomb.  I really must note that the BREAD is even probably the best complimentary served-with-dinner bread I've ever had in my entire life!  SO crispy on the outside and HOT and steamy and soft on the inside with a slight tang.  A little saucer of a nice Spanish olive oil for dipping said bread, and we were in heaven before we even started eating any tapas! 
We started with a charcuterie board and picked three items for a nice starter - an amazing serrano ham, an aged manchego, and the drunken goat.  All were perfectly portioned and presented beautifully.  They even include a small cube of quince to act as a palate cleanser, should you feel it necessary.  The manchego was sharp and tasty.  The drunken goat cheese was also really delicious - I'd recommend both.  I feel like the serrano ham was the star of the board, but not by much - everything was amazing.
We then began a steady stream of small plates... I almost want to say that each and every one we received was better than the previous, but everything was truly delicious.  Nothing sat under any warming lamps or anything like that (see my previous comment about the SPEED at which the food comes out).  Shishito Peppers were perfectly blistered and charred and seasoned nicely.  Albondigas (meatballs) were delicate and very flavorful in a delicious red sauce that came close to my mom's Italian gravy.  Hanger Steak was perfectly seared with a delightful truffle sauce on the top of each perfectly sliced piece.  Ham and Manchego Croquetas are a must-have - I assure you.  The empanadas are also nicely done - a slightly spicy beef mixture in a perfectly flaky dough with a red pepper sauce for dipping - truly divine.  The patatas bravas are crispy potatoes served piping hot over a bed of mild salsa brava with a nice dollop of garlic aioli on top - wonderful.  The true highlight of the night was the Pulpo (octopus) which was served over a bed of finely diced red onion vinaigrette and celery.  A MASTERPIECE, to say the least.  It was actually Alex who asked us if we liked octopus, to which I replied that I LOVED it - she knew what she needed to do - and put the order in before I could even ask for it!
Dessert was just as amazing as the rest of the meal.  I went with the flan, he went with the flourless chocolate cake.  Both amazing - both delectable - both highly recommended.  The icing on the cake was the "Rum Raisin Saze" cocktail with a little dollop of ice cream - oh dear... if you like rum, you must get this new cocktail.  We can't wait to return to Barcelona Wine Bar on Passyunk Ave.  This is our new favorite!
Finally, when the check came, we were both shocked at the low prices.  I'm not one to worry TOO much about cost when it comes to fine dining, but this place was downright cheap considering the amazing quality of the food and the service.  I have to give this place a SOLID FIVE stars!
So I'll start by saying chains usually aren't my thing. So after we made reservations here I was initially sad to find out this was a chain. However, it was restaurant week and we kept the reservation and I CAN NOT be happier that we did. 

The space: the restaurant is dimly lit and adorably set up. There are "high top" booth tables made out of wood that are comfortable and efficient. Each table has candles on it. Super adorable for catching up with friends or a date night

The drinks: we got there early (and we're able to be seated immediately so that's another star) and we're there during happy hour. We got a HUGE, I'm talking full pitcher of sangria for 20 dollars. They also had single drink specials too

We made the (mistake?) of ordering one of every tapa on the happy hour menu. I would recommend taking more time and deciding what you would like because it was WAY too much food for two people. But the food was EXCELLENT. We ate most of it. They also give you bread and oils. Both of us loved the potato's, and the dates were amazing. 

Overall, I will 100% be back here. The service, ambiance and food was excellent. It's a great place to be on Passyunk.
I have had Barcelona on my list of restaurants to check out ever since they opened, and I am so glad that I finally made it out. There isn't anything that could have made our experience here better than it was. We came for an early dinner, so we had our choice of seating, which was nice.

Kabira was our server, and she was energetic, very friendly, and made great recommendations from their wine list as well as the menu. I don't recall the red that she recommended, but it was delicious. 

We ordered the ham & manchego croquettes, rapini, Brussel sprouts, asparagus, shishito peppers, the whipped sheep's cheese, drunken goat cheese, patatas bravas, and bacon wrapped dates. I was a bit underwhelmed by the patatas bravas, because they are quite excellent at Olea in Brooklyn, but they are fried potatoes, so they were definitely still tasty. Everything was delicious. We finished off sharing the crepes, and I had a decaf cafe au lait, which was perfect.
We were planning on outdoor dining at Barcelona Wine Bar last week, but unfortunately the weather took a turn for the worse, so we wound up doing takeout instead. Even though I was bummed we couldn't experience the ambience of the restaurant, we were so glad we could have at least somewhat of the same experience in the comfort of our own home! We placed an order online, and our order was ready within 30 minutes, and I had zero wait time when picking up at the restaurant - so easy! 

Barcelona is mostly charcuterie and tapas, but they do have a few larger plates and paella in various sizes. For this visit, we focused on tapas to maximize the number of dishes we could get. We got 6 tapas to split between the two of us, which was the perfect amount! We also opted for the free bread and oil (why wouldn't you??), so that made for a nice extra addition in case we needed a little something else. For our dishes, we got the whipped sheep's cheese, chorizo with sweet + sour figs, jamon + manchego croquetas, bacon-wrapped dates, albondigas, and eggplant. All were incredibly delicious, but my favorite was by far the whipped cheese closely followed by the croquetas. The whipped cheese was so, so light and creamy, and it paired so nicely with the crusty bread and honey. The croquetas were a unique dish, unlike most things I've had - little fried balls filled with creamy cheese and little ham. With the garlic aioli, it was delightful! My fiancee really enjoyed the chorizo as well - a unique combination but one that perfectly matched. He was also a big fan of the albondigas - loved the little bit of ham and spice mixed in the sauce and the meatballs themselves. We also, of course, had to get a bottle of wine - clutch that we were able to order a bottle for take out! We appreciated the focus on Spanish wines, and the red we got (tintilla), was nicely fully bodied with a little bit of spice and made for a perfect companion to our tapas feast. 

Overall, we really enjoyed our dinner from Barcelona! While we wish we could have sat undercover outdoors, we still had a great experience at home. Would suggest ~6 tapas / 2 people, and while the price can get a little steep depending on what dishes you get, it's nothing totally unreasonable. Would definitely suggest getting a bottle of a Spanish wine while you're at it, too! Can't wait to visit again and hopefully try the paella under the ambience of the restaurant!
I first went to Barcelona when I was in Nashville last year, so I was excited to hear Philly would be getting one because it was delicious. 

Overall, the meal and service were delicious and prompt, but also poorly executed and slow. First, the order of wine took longer than it should have. But then, the bread course was delicious and the first two tapas, the spinach and chickpea "stew" and spicy beef empanadas hit the spot. The third tapa, beer salad, was bland and flavorous. The fourth course, chorizo and figs, was back on the positive, with just enough heat and fat that melted perfectly.

The final two tapas then took about 10-15 minutes longer, which was too long. On top of that, the garlic shrimp tasted as they just came out of the freezer, which was disappointing. Tough and chewy. Finally, the Brussel sprouts were just terrible. Tasted like they were blanched then thrown in a Skillet, but didn't get any caramelization and crispness that make them so delicious.

Overall, there was reason to go back, but the first impression was extremely hit or miss.

Atmosphere and bar selection were great
This place is fantastic!!!
The staff is second to none, fun and very personal!!! Food was fantastic! We had a table of six and everyone had the best dining experience! Great food, great people and super environment. Michael Nunes and Franky and the sassy girl were the best ever!!! Loved the joke they played on me!!!

I deserved it!!!
Well, I could live here...

Barcelona's happy ho...I mean social hour...is a nice jumping off point, with plenty of room to range up.

One can make a very pleasant dinner out of Barcelona's freshly baked bread, a nibble or two, and a glass of wine (or 5). It's such a nice reprieve from massive sandwiches and sports bars. Or, if you're so inclined, you can travel into funky cheese, fois gras, and iberico land. Need more than a happ...I mean social hour...plonk to accompany you down on your epicurean excursion? Not a problem. One can find a big, jammy zin, or a subtle and delicate Pinot to satisfy one's inner oenophile. 

The guys and gals behind the bar are just so pleasant.  Its nice to share a little bit of my week with them. My favourite, "tigger", has a real palate. I always find it so enjoyable to interact with people who actually know what they are talking about...its like sharing the experience. I think the staff, in general, exhibit a very generous attitude in sharing what they know. I appreciate them. 

And to be clear, this is a review only of the Barcelona in Philadelphia...on Passyunk Ave. I spend half of my week in DC, and wouldn't be caught dead in the spot on 14th street. The Philly location really brings being a snob back down to earth haha. Thanking You.
Good vibes decent food. I think sitting at the bar is the right move for those in pair. Bigger groups - I definitely recommend the outdoor seating if it's nice out. Other tables within the space seemed crammed and dimly lit. Not very ideal.

Iberico was from the loin (loma) so not as fatty, but decent. 
Patatas were good. 
Shishito peppers could have been less blistered to give it more bite
Gambas were alright
Pan con tomate was huge, but taste wise, decent.

I think this place was not the food, but the atmosphere for me was what got me. Haven't been to a place this lively yet sustained in philly so far. Will be back for another date night.
The seafood paella is bombdiggity (tad on the salty side).The menu lists the price per person but it does not mean it automatically charges per # of guests at the table. We ordered a 1 person size paella and it was great for 3 ppl to share  along with tapas.
This is a wonderful spot to come with friends! Also a huge local favorite. Beware of long wait time if you want to get seated Saturday night. 

But once you are seated, it's wonderful! The place is trendy, a little-too-loud music, big bar, large menu, many drink options. Waiters are lovely and lively.

We had three appetizers and a large seafood paella to share between four people and all of us were full. 

Highly recommend to come here at least once if you're in the area! But also worth traveling across town to come here.
Excellent wine list.  I was really impressed with how much Spanish wine (my favorite) they had available.  

Enjoyed sitting at the bar, marble bar top, good lighting, good music.  I appreciated hearing some Busta Rhymes, haven't heard him in forever.  The bar was comfortable, the mood was casual even if the place has a fancier look to it, effortless and inviting.  This more than anything reminded me of time spent hanging out in the Gothic Quarter.  

To go with that mood we slowly munched on some unassuming tapas that tasted much better than their description would give you any reason to think.  The tomato bread was flavorful and a perfect small bite (like I said, unassuming).  The fish croquettes were also very good... actually I'm not sure they count as croquettes, as the fish wasn't chopped up.  Whatever, a flaky fried fish ball that was well seasoned.
We were in the neighborhood so we decided to stop by for a drink. The place was a mad house and with that  loud, too loud where you couldn't carry on a conversation. Add that a snooty crowd. The waiting /bar area thinned out pretty quickly while we were there and large parties took their tables. 

We sat at the bar and had some sangria (not as sweet as I like) and people watched. And boy is there a lot to see. 

Lots of housewives of Philly going on here. 

Not sure if I would make the trek for dinner since this isn't our usual neighborhood but the place is popular. But go check it out.
