There is nothing special about arcade games, yet everything about a bar with retro arcade games is special. I cannot think of another place that has a setup with countless old school arcade games and then for the bargain price of $.25 per game! Add a bar with a nice draft list and inviting snack options and you have Barcade!

While in the area, i turned to yelp and found this cool bar. We tried the nachos which were just fine but nothing exceptional. We tried a few beers and hung out for a while. My fiancé and I ended up playing a bunch of games on the opposite side of the place. We were having that much fun! On my second visit, it was for a beer event and we had just as much fun. 

Some of my favorite games here are: pac man (there is a 2 player version $.25 per player and a 4 player version $.50 per player), Donkey Kong of course, galaga, and the various shooting games.

In my opinion, it is unfair to rate Barcade low simply because you don't love arcade games. I don't spend every weekend here but it is nice to have as an option and can be relaxing. Though the venue itself has a cement floor and is dark, The tables and games are not sticky or showing obvious grime. Though I would highly encourage you to wash your hands before leaving. Please make a note that I have only visited during the week or daytime during the weekends. I can only imagine what this place looks like on Friday and Saturday nights. If not for the games, come for the beer.
I can't believe this has been sitting in my unfinished reviews since 2015. Well better late than never to submit this review. Insert token, ready player 1! FIGHT.

What person doesn't want to relive their youth? I mean seriously you have arcades that we grew up on, great tacos that aren't expensive.  Taco night people!  No more bad case of the Mondays here when it's consider taco night. Chorizo for the win, with a side of their bacon mac and cheese! A great lineup of frosty crafts that is always rotating to keep us well hydrated, while we beat the crap out of that joystick. If you're not into crafts they do have some great concocted cocktails for you to enjoy. Clearly the libation gods will approve in your decision.  

Fishtown knows how to get people together for a great time filled with laughter, along with our inner competitiveness wanting to come out and annihilate the person next to you. Solid 4 folks. 

Game Over, that's a wrap.
All right, I have a few bones to pick with you people, but first I'm going to tell you that Barcade is a fantastic concept and I LOVE that they brought this to Philadelphia. It's a great addition to the growing Fishtown neighborhood. For those of us in our late-twenties and thirties, this place should be our mecca. Beer that doesn't taste like piss, video games from our childhood and a decent bite to eat, if you choose. Failing to see what the problem is here. This place is wonderful and I plan on making weekly trips here. 

So here are my bones to pick...

1.) The beer... YOU'RE PAYING FOR QUALITY, NOT QUANTITY. Microbrews are also just that... MICRO. This beer is not mass-produced in multiple factories, it is hand-crafted by people who genuinely love beer. It takes time, effort, a lot of good equipment. You're goddamn right I'm going to pay $6 for a good beer. You can go right ahead and go down the street to pay $6 for piss water, if you'd like. That means more rare beer for me and less for your dumb ass. 

2. Cut them some slack on their food. They're only been open a couple weeks! They need to figure out what is best and what YOU want. Give em some times, guys. They smoke their own meat! Just give em some credit and time. Damn.

3. The machines are 20-30+ years old, of course they're going to have kinks. Go find a 30 year old TV and tell me how the picture is on it. Then try to find a repairman to fix it in a timely manner (ie: 3 minutes by your impatient standards.) If a machine eats your money, they will gladly refund your quarters at the bar (but don't be a lying slug about it to get shit for free.)

Also... This is the SAME company that owns Barcade in Brooklyn and Jersey City. Is Jersey City also trying to 'become' like Brooklyn/Williamsburg too? NO. The owners trying to bring some good beer and video games into Philly. So shut up about us Philadelphians trying to be wannabes and go the fuck back to your overpriced Brooklyn 'art studio'. We don't need you bitching about everything too.
- Very basic concept: Bar and games.
- Seems to have good selection of games ( P.S: I don't play.) 
- They offer very limited menu. I ordered the Tacos and they were really good.
- Staff were so nice.
Honestly, it is a decent and place, just not for me.

Three Yelps
I really like the idea of this place, but to be honest, it's always much too crowded to have an enjoyable time. The wait times for most cabinets are long, and since all the good games are sought after prepare to be relegated to the subpar games or waiting around a lot. Also due to the set up of the bar it gets extremely hot inside, specifically the tiny corridor that leads from the bar to the back room with all the games. Bear in mind that when there's a backup in that portion you won't just be hot, you'll be packed in like sardines. Hear that claustrophobic people? You have been warned. 

As far as drinks are concerned I can't be too mad. Their prices are fair (between $5 - $8 for a draft beer), and they usually have a nice selection on tap. This place could be a little nicer than it is, perhaps they have just outgrown their space? This is far from a bad bar, but it certainly has flaws.
WARNING: This place will give you the nostalgia boner of the century. All of the arcade classics are lined up here--waiting for you to have a solid drunk cry over your golden childhood days. 

I came here to celebrate a friend's birthday and we had an absolute blast. There are a lot of seats available; this is very helpful for loafing around while you wait for your favorite game to become available!

The bartenders were extremely friendly and attentive! They did a pretty impressive job of maintaining the huge crowd. In honor of my friend's birthday, we even had a free round of shots, on the house.

My only complaint is that the bathrooms are absolutely disgusting. At least two sinks were filled with puke by the end of the night. I didn't even want to risk it before we left. A little more maintenance in that regard would be nice! 

Other than that, this place is 90's kid awesome.
BEWARE: THE WORLD'S DOUCHIEST BARTENDER WORKS HERE! 

Yeah, the video games are fun and they have an excellent beer selection, but one of their bartenders makes me never want to go back. I've been twice and had terrible experiences dealing with this asshole both times. I have never encountered a douchier bartender in my life! He is incredibly arrogant, rude, inattentive, and charged me $4 for a $2 bag of pretzels. If you go, be sure to steer clear of this guy: http://www.flickr.com/photos/barcadephiladelphia/6247664962/in/photostream (the girl bartender in this pic is really nice, though).
Barcade is a cool spot for something different. Friends and I kicked off an afternoon of fun at the Ms. Pac-Man game, where it became depressingly obvious how far I've fallen from my youthful domination of video games. 

The bartenders were friendly and willing to whip up one mean bloody mary in addition to offering helpful info during the beer selection process. The draft list is quite extensive. 

I didn't eat but the food looked decent in a bar food kind of way. 

Barcade isn't really a place I'd typically hang out which is probably why my feelings are so-so on the place. But if you like good beer and you love arcade games, this spot will be right up your alley.
This was probably among one of the worst experiences I've ever had going out.
Barcade is a great concept.  Beer?  Arcade games?  Count me in!!  
But it doesn't live up to the hype, even slightly.  Perhaps my opinion would have been different, if I hadn't had to speak to the sh*t-bag bartender, who acted like he was doing us a favor by serving us.  He was rude, obnoxious, and clearly unaware that being a bartender is a job in the HOSPITALITY industry.  I mean, to be fair, he probably can't even spell hospitality, so I shouldn't be surprised. 
We asked him for a beer recommendation, because I'm pretty simple in my beer taste.  He was an asshole.
We asked him for a shot they didn't carry.  He was an asshole.
We asked him for another shot, after he proceeded to ignore us for 10 minutes because he didn't like our beverage choice.  He took an obnoxiously long time, brought us our drinks, took my money, and didn't bring me back change.
I was glad I don't carry a shank, because he would have gotten it.
Between the 5 minutes we spent counting flannel shirts, the 5 minutes we spent watching girls sulk in corners, and the almost 30 minutes we spent waiting for drinks, I can safely say...I want that 40 minutes of my life back.
I wouldn't go back here if you paid me.  
That's probably not true, but you'd have to pay me a lot.
When it comes to comes to having a good time among company for me it doesn't get much better than playing old school arcade games and enjoying some quality brews. And for doing both in a bar scene it really doesn't get much better than Barcade!

Old school video game purists can salivate over classics like Mrs. Pacman, Dig Dug, Bubble Bobble and Asteroids. Meanwhile friends in arms can join forces to conquer games like Contra, X-Men: The Arcade Game, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. and Metal Slug. Barcade also caters to competitive friends with games like Street Fighter 2, Marvel Super Heroes, and NBA Jam Tournament Edition. Barcade has a little bit of something for everybody, and almost reaches sheer arcade perfection. In fact the only thing that really has it falling short of that level, is the fact that I can't give it a pinball alert!

For food Barcade dishes out some pretty solid taco, quesadilla, and nacho options. And even manages to hook up a killer lunch and Taco Monday special! With 24 rotating drafts on tap it earns a beer haven status, but it also hooks up a good selection of well drinks.
I've been to this location twice before. Once in a Saturday night where it was absolutely packed like sardines. Then just recently on a Friday afternoon around 3, there were a few groups but never had to wait for a machine. 

There's both indoor and outdoor seating here. The drinks are pretty cheap and the drafts change occasionally depending on the season. Staff are friendly and for the most part everything is clean.

My favorite machines to play were capcom vs marvel, crazy taxi, bubble bobble, and dig dug. Always fun to come and drink while playing a few games.
Thanks Yelp, for always being there to find what I'm lookin' for. Case in point, the stumbling upon this here Barcade when in need of time-killing a few weeks ago after gambling and before dinner. I had heard there was one in Philly, but wasn't sure I'd ever end up locating it. Consider that mission complete with a return trip possible. 

Let's just make sure we're on the same page. Barcade, if you haven't had the pleasure of experiencing one, is the offspring of a bar and arcade (maybe the name gave it away). You'll usually find great craft beer, perhaps a little grub, and of course a ton of vintage arcade fun.

Barcades tend to have a semi-inconspicuous exterior and that applies to this location, for the most part (besides the giant logo on the side of the building). Come from the opposite direction and you'll see a brick frame, black metal-grated windows, and just a tiny lit up sign to let you know you've arrived. Welcome to Barcade, Philly style!

Inside gives off a warehouse look with glowing neon brewery signs. It's a hoppin' place, especially with those delightful arcade noises hitting your ear drums. At this spot, the selection of games was pretty stellar, holding almost every well-known classic (Galaga, Centipede, Dig-Dug, Joust, etc.) and a handful of other fun ones you might recognize. Nothing was out of order and the machines were working nicely which made it easier to spend those cool Barcade coins. 

Beyond games, I can't really speak for any food, but the brew selection was rockin', pulling craft choices from all over the state and region. The tiny shelves between arcade games makes it easy to button mash and then grab a mouthful of beer.

Overall, this Barcade in the city of brotherly love is a spacious, well kept spot to sip some suds and relive the glory days of the arcade life. When in Philly, I plan on coming back to this spot to do just that, and to reclaim the high score on Mrs. Pacman.
This review is for the bar-tending staff only. Is it now considered cool to act like you have a perpetual chip on your shoulder? I just don't get how you can work in the service industry, be rude to patrons and expect to make money. Upon asking if they had a certain type of liquor, I received a snide remark from the blonde bartender informing me they did not. From there on every time our group of friends went to the bar to get a round of drinks it was as if we were bothering the three bartenders. I was so amazed at the brazen rudeness that I asked the one guy bartender what the mentality was on being so rude to customers. His reply (and let's note that he didn't try to deny it) was that it was probably because it was busy. Sorry Barcade, because of your awful staff, even the enticing California Cruisin' game isn't enough to get me to go back again.
Man to woman ratio is EXTREMELY high here, so guys, if you're looking to pick up a girl - this is not the place for you.  Unless it's me (I heart centipede... and donkey kong.... and tapper....  you see my point.)  Anyway, no one really seemed to mind that, as the beer list is good and there are video games to be played.  

I went on a weekend and despite the "line" that there was to get in (took like 2 minutes) it wasn't overly crowded.  After some of the reviews I had fears of lines, and rioting over who is next to play Ms. Pacman.  There are a FEW (3-5) games that have "lines" of 1-2 people.  

I am going to take it down a star from sheer awesomeness to a 4 star because of the slow bar service.  There seemed to be enough of them working, but they didn't really have a good system... or something.  Each time I went to get a beer I waited whatever was "too long" in my book at that moment.  This will get more annoying (and worth more stars!) as they stay open longer - but I have faith they'll figure it out.
I've frequented Barcade on a few occasions - on busy Friday nights during high time (and earlier on), as well as less busy weeknights.  Here's a couple of observations -

- The beer is expensive, but it's craft beer and a unique selection. Yes... I know.  JB and the Tap are nearby, as is Kraftwork.  I think Barcade gets some interesting circulation from smaller/midwest/west coast breweries that one would need to trek up to KW for (case in point - Green Flash IIPA).  And if I am getting my old school game on like the retro nerd I am, I don't need to be pounding back the PBRs, lest I lose my focus. 

- The games may eat quarters... most of them may be older than the avg age of the bar frequenters.  Here's a tip - hit the friggin coin return button (if you can find it in the darkness).  Sometimes, it spits back your quarter, plus others. It taketh and it giveth....

- The security guard is a good guy. He spent time in the service and has a family to raise. Leave him out of any hide-behind-the-internet-and-bitch reviews. He's doing his job. If you decided to foolishly pound your Dogfish Head Olde School and then beat on Ms Pacman b/c Blinky caught your wandering drunk eye with your pants down... well, serves you right if he tosses your butt out.

- Havent tried the food... I am there for the games and the brews.
- Havent run a tab here either...
I came here on Saturday night for a friend's bday. Super casual, games everywhere, decent beer list. I was pretty excited. I ordered a beer, gave the bartender my credit card. She then asked me for my ID. I gave her my passport bc my id was unfortunately stolen. She then walks away and doesn't come back. Uh what. I flagged her down and asked for it back and she said, "no we hold it until you close out". I proceeded to ask her if I could give her my work ID, another credit card, anything else. She kept replying no as she gave me dirty looks. Well sorry lady, I'm not giving you my passport. Luckily my friend put it on her tap and I venmoed her. 

I honestly wasn't annoyed with this bartender, besides the fact that she was rude. Different places have different policies, some are just annoying. The night went on, service wasn't good. Bartenders weren't great at describing some of the beers. The place itself is actually pretty boring. Like how long can you play games? This is totally my opinion and some people probably love it..

I would probably come here during the day or happy hour. Not a weekend night though.
Fun spot to bar hop. Start your night at Johnny Brendas, make your way to the Garage, then Barcade, then end your night with drunk dancing at the Barbary. Barcade has a great selection of beer and a bunch of fun arcade games to play. I love playing Tetris when I come.
Vintage video games, Hipster haven.

I strolled up here with mixed expectations.  You walk into a very cool brick-faced bar with a foreboding beer sign hanging above it.  The initial room is pretty awesome, I will admit.  Then you hang a right into their vintage arcade.  As a recovering video game'aholic champion, I was a little crestfallen from the selection.  Don't get me wrong, it's not bad and I'm sure amassing all those circa '84 games wasn't easy.  

They have the classic quarter change machine which put a smile on my face.  While enjoying a delicious beer, I played Donkey Kong, Gauntlet and a few others.  Some machines ate my quarters, others wouldn't start when I hit the button but I was enjoying my beer and company more by that point.

I'd say this is a pretty cool bar with an arcade for side entertainment - definitely not the focus.  Strangely, I thought it would be the other way around.
This place was fun. It's like a mini arcade of nostalgic arcade games for adults only. 

The bartender was friendly enough and very strict I'm checking i.d's. No problem here, I'm a whopping 35 years of age. The beer choices were nice but they also have a full bar. 

I especially loved some of my old favorites like Burgertime and QBert. Machines accept both coins and quarters which is convenient. 

We stayed about an hour and hopped over to the next place. It was a fun time for a quick hang out.
I've been to a couple bars where they have arcade games, but this one takes the cake. I was definitely not expecting an entire large room whose walls are lined with games! AND games are only 25cents!

Warning: LAG! Only on Double Dragons, though.

Great drink selection. Great game selection. Great fun!
I have been to Barcade a number of times because I am a nerd . I like the space which is basically an old warehouse with games and a bar. My issue is the game selection. Rampage , nba jam  and ninja turtles ( when it is not out of order ) are always being used as many of the others go untouched .Though I personally appreciate games like crystal castles there isn't much of a clientele for that sort of game . Barcade needs to add a few pinball machines ( universal monsters would be nice or twilight zone), a fighting game ( apart from punch out ) and rampage international . 
Beer selection is good. Staff is friendly . Prices aren't bad . They also host brewery nights which I like.
I went here last night for the first time with my boyfriend. I'm really apprehensive of trendy places like this, as they are usually overrun with hipsters and servers/bartenders that are shitty to you if you're not as hipster-chic as them.

I couldn't have been more wrong about this place.

We got off to a shaky start, but we weren't familiar with how things were run and it was 8pm on a Friday. needless to say it was a little busy. NOTE: There are no servers. To order food, go to the bar and order. Your bartender can give you a menu. 

We ended up sitting at the bar and got food and beer menus. Our bartender (Pauly??) was AWESOME. Really funny and helpful and friendly. To the person who wrote the review with "BEWARE: THE WORLD'S DOUCHIEST BARTENDER WORKS HERE! ", I don't know if you maybe got him on an off night or maybe you were a douche to him first or what, but posting a picture was super rude, no matter what. 

The food was incredible. I got the duck sandwich and my boyfriend got the pork. The bread was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The meat was flavorful and the cheese was a perfect accompaniment to the meat. I love that everything is brought in from local sources also (up to and including the pretzels). If I heard correctly the farthest away food is brought from is a few hours outside of Philly.

The beer IS expensive, but as many people have said, this is craft beer. If you want cheap PBR (which I also love), there are a ton of other bars around to go get them at. You're paying for quality. Plus, if you're not sure if you want to spend $6/$7 on a beer you may not like, they will give you a sample to see if you like it. There's no pressure to buy one you've tasted if you don't like it. You can ask for suggestions based on types you like and your bartender will aim you the right way. 

I'm not sure what the issue other people had with the security guy was, because he was very polite and seemed like he was doing his job. Then again, I wasn't trashed and being an asshole, so I didn't have much interaction with him. 

We didn't play any of the games, so I can't comment on how they work, but from reading other reviews, come on people. Use a little common sense. If the games are vintage, they're bound to have issues. 

I have a ton of other food that I want to try here, so I will definitely be back.
Barcade is like a dive-bar filled with classic video games. I walked in and sat down, but I guess that's not the right thing to do since I was completely ignored. After about 10 minutes my friend and I sat at the bar to get serviced. We ordered drinks and food at the bar and we were given our drinks and a number. Then we could go sit down. Not a good first impression. I'm glad to say the food was a pleasant surprise when it arrived. Much better than the dive bar atmosphere would suggest. I had the El Cubano and was able to try a Korean beef slider. The meats in both were excellent. I'd gladly order either again. The El Cubano was missing the mustard, which would have really taken it to another level.
The drinks were OK, but not memorable.

After dinner, being able to play games like Ms. PacMan, Punch Out or Q-Bert certainly brings back lots of fun memories. Having to use tokens instead of quarters does not bring back any memories. That's a sneaky way to get some extra change out of people who need to leave before spending all their tokens.

The idea of booze, good food, and classic arcade games is a great one. The execution still needs some work.
I love a good bar arcade that serves good locally crafted beer, Barcade for the High Score! Want to play a bevy of old school arcade games and even a choose your adventure Nintendo machine while drinking locally? I enjoyed discovering some local brews here while having fun playing:

Ms. Pacman
Michael Jackson's Moonwalker 
Galaga
Joust
and the best of the day was the Pacman 2-4 player table game!

This place is smaller than the b/arcades I've been to in Chicago, and I do wish the unisex bathrooms were separated by male/female; or had an "occupied" sign when  the door is locked. At these more casual bars, the ladies deserve their own, IMHO. 

Happy that we popped in to Barcade!
Went on an empty Tuesday, waited 15 min for a  overpriced beer,played some games on machines that 1/2 work. I tried to get another beer and ...waited..........
Waited.........
Waited........
And left after waiting 20+ minutes.....beerless
I wanted to love Barcade,
I'll never go back.
Maintenance maintenance maintenance!!!!!  With very little effort this could become a favorite bar in Phila. Right now it's eh. 

#1. Devote time to fix/replace the broken machines. I get it - they ate vintage machines, not the easiest to maintain. Tough titties, fix the damned things - or put others in. 

#2. Are the security guys in security uniforms really necessary? I really got a kick out of this dude taking himself and his security post soooooo seriously. I nearly asked him what terror threat color it was in the bar today. 

#3. You've got a kitchen. Great. It does me no good. How hard is a veggie burger? I drink, I hang out, I get hungry. So now as is, I leave at that point. Your loss, not mine. Btw - at least 4 people pointed out to me the $0.25 label on your $1 bag of chips. 

So not to be a negative nancy - the pluses as follows...

+1. It's a friggin arcade with alcohol. That in itself is a big win. You could punch me in the balls upon entry and is still return. It's that good of a concept. (As a pinball fan - the silver ballroom in st louis mo is still top of the list- none better).

+2. Lots of unisex bathrooms. I'm a wimp who can't hold it. This is a huge plus. 

+3. All games for a quarter. 

+4. Full bar. As a whiskeyphile - I thank you. 

I want to give it three and a half stars, but that's not possible. Since its brand new I'm curious to see if this lack of maintenance continues. Time will tell (exit to forboding music)...
I won't be back.
The concept is great! The games are only 25 cents. The drink & beer selection is awesome!
But....the staff (at least who I delt with) is rude. 
I went there Sunday night for my friends birthday. The bartender - named Neira according to my receipt - was the MOST miserable person I have ever met. She was rude & just very unfriendly. It kind of ruined the vibe of the entire night. At first I thought maybe she was just having a bad night, but after reading through all the reviews before mine, this seems to be a common occurance. 
There are much nicer, friendlier places I'd be happy to spend my money at.
But hey, if you really want to play some onld school aracde games, you may like it.
Being from NYC and living fairly close to the East Village and two subway stops away from Williamsburg, I'm pretty accustomed to being surrounded by hipsters in their natural habitat.  I didn't realize that Philly hipsters were much more angry and emo than NYC hipsters.  Maybe it's because they're too poor to afford living in Williamsburg and are stuck in the crap-hole that is Fishtown?  I can only speculate.

Like I said, I'm not new to hipster land type places, but Barcade is a total wannabe of the original in Brooklyn.  The space is larger and brighter with more games, but I think the cool part about the original Barcade is the fact that it is so dark that the video games are the main source of light.  Also, waiting on line to get into a bar?  What is this Night at the Roxbury?  Once inside my eyes began to bleed from the overwhelming amount of flannel and sight of fatty sulking hipster girls and dorky dudes who borrowed their jeans.  Not to mention that the bartender that was serving us was suffering from some type of God complex.  I'm sorry sir, you're the one serving me a drink so I'm not quite sure what makes you think you're superior to me.  Also, it won't kill you be a little friendly, or perhaps just crack a smile - this usually gets you some tips in case you weren't aware (as a side note, I mentioned this particular bartender with the glasses and stupid beanie cap to my friend that is a Philly native and she agreed that he is a total asshole as well).

Philly, you will never be as cool as Brooklyn so stop trying.
Barcade is an awesome concept- any maybe should have stayed that way. While celebrating a birthday of a friend we ended up at Barcade, it was my first and probably last visit here. 

Although the place was packed with people- it was not a social atmosphere at all. The walls were lined with old video games, so you really only saw the backs of people. There were a few makeshift tables in the middle of all the video games which is where I stayed.

The place smelled horrible, and all the video games looked like they could get a good cleaning. 

There was a long bar at the front of the venue staffed with a few bartenders. Although the service was fast, it wasn't very friendly.
Came here on a Wednesday night with a group of friends, and we all had a great time!  First off, the place is really easy to find, and parking is even easier!  I've heard it gets quite crowded on the weekend (like line out the door of a popular dance club on a Saturday night crowded), but it was generally a smaller but interesting crowd that night.  I was able to order my drinks and food very quickly, and most importantly, I got to play every classic arcade game I wanted to play without having to wait half an hour to do so.

The beer selection is great! Who doesn't love trying new beers that have really cool names?  $5-6 for some choice microbrews (all on tap!) - can't really complain.  However, the only reason I didn't rate it 5 stars is because it was a little on the pricey side, and they offered no cheap alternative beers (at least none that I was aware of). The bartenders were friendly and very attentive!  When I asked one of them what his favorite sandwich was that they served, without hesitation he said, "the duck sandwich" (Smoked Duck Breast with Shallot Pear Jam and Blue Cheese - $9).  I was definitely thinking about getting this before I asked, so this just reinforced my cravings.  A couple of my friends got the grilled 3-cheese on sourdough, and my one friend loved their sriracha deviled eggs so much, he ordered 2 orders back to back, and was heavily contemplating a third order (1 order = 3 deviled eggs for $3).  From what I gathered, everyone really enjoyed their food, adding to the great experience we all had!

I definitely plan on coming back again soon, and this time, I'll be bringing my jug of quarters...I honestly could play Rampage, Golden Axe, or Double Dragon for hours.
In my estimation there's no better place for a millennial on a first date than Barcade. I mean, you really get to know someone when the booze is flowing and the bicycle kicks are being thrown around on Mortal Kombat. 
My man and I are definitely past the first date stage but still love coming here when we are in the 'hood. The beer list is solid but we prefer our mixed drinks. I forget what it's called, but the last cocktail in the menu with the berry purée is my favorite. It's very potent and actually tastes good, so it works for me!
The games are always fun, but at 30 years old I think most are a little before my time. I wish there was more 90s kid stuff...I'm talking Paperboy, Road Rash, etc. But in the meantime I'll keep kicking ass in Q-Bert and Mortal Kombat. 
Word to the wise-if you are hipster intolerant, it should go without saying that you should avoid Barcade. Man buns for days. But I'll mix it up with the children, I'm not afraid!
Bar + Arcade. Two of my favorite things combined into one. This spacious bar has a large collection of beers and a fun assortment of antique arcade games. 

My crew of 7 had a blast at this spot, starting out with a few beers, a few games of arcade basketball, evolving very quickly into honey whiskey and whatever else. 

Hoping for more bar + (insert activity) concepts out there!
Came here after a festival in Fishtown - it was great to see a place different from your typical bar and it's full of arcade games from childhood. They had street fighter, NBA jam, mortal kombat, pac man, frogger, Mario brothers, alien, terminator, Tetris, and many others. There were two issues though that annoyed us - the machines kept eating our coins and many of them are 1 player games even there's 2 player buttons/controllers to use. I wish they had more games for multiple people to play - there was group version of Pac-Man that 4 people can play but I think that was it for more than 2 people other than NBA jam. Our group had 5 people so a few either had to watch or try to find another game to play.
I was here for a friend's birthday party recently. 

I loved every minute of it, for about an hour. I played Donkey Kong. I got the high score. Young millenials around me were in awe because they had no idea how to play the game. But I was the zen master in my mid 40's showing them the way. 

Then the thrill wore off. 

Basically, I'm glad I came here once. But it wears thin fast. At least it did for me. Apparently reliving my youth is only good for about 60 minutes.
Before you judge and say, "why on earth would I go to an arcade bar when I can be at home all by myself with my crappy beer and no one to play with," know that this place is one of the most entertaining bars in the city.  

First, the Beer.  They have about 15-20 rotating taps.  No Miller here.  Only the good stuff, with lots of local craft beer.  Prices range from $5 to $7.  

Next, the Food.  I've only had a few apps, but everything has been pretty good and not expensive.  Their nachos are incredible (thank me later, please).  

Last, the Games.  Oh, the games.  If you played Nintendo, Atari, Super Nintendo, or Sega, you will be in heaven.  Oh, and did I say they only cost 25 cents a game??????  Yes, you heard that right.
Barcade is a great place because of its cheap prices and great proximity to other locations.

A whiskey sour costs me $6 and very filling nachos (which could feed two people) is anywhere from $7 to $10 based on extras you decide to get. Be wary of the carne asada. It's a funny tasting meat.

In terms of the video games I would suggest bringing a $5 bill for each person and that should suffice for the night as the games are pretty cheap-about $0.50 a play- and also you're bound to find free tokens laying around either because people leave them behind or they don't check the coin return slot on the machines that don't work.

Consistently you'll find that some of the machines eat your money and I know select few to check when I'm running low on tokens haha. I wouldn't be surprised if Barcade intentionally doesn't fix these machines as a way to save money. But if video games do eat your money just go to the bartenders and tell them how much you lost and they will give you your tokens back.

The best games to play in my opinion areBattle Royale Pac-Man and NBA Jam. These of course have the longest wait times.

The crowd tends to be on the less affluent side as this is Fishtown and has a close proximity to Temple so you'll see many college students  here for better or for worse.

If you get tired of barcade you can check out Garage, which is a block down, or the Fillmore / Punchline Philly, which is the opposite way, also a few blocks away. And Barcade also has a great proximity to SugarHouse Casino which has late night food as well. There's some Chinese food there that is legit!
Good beer + old school arcade games = where the magic happens, baby. 

Bars are a dime a dozen. And bars with good beer are pretty common as well.  But where else can you drink good beer and play PacMan and Street Fighter all night long until your 80's child-heart's content? Here. Yup, here. 

Now, I wasn't an arcade-playing child. My hand-eye coordination is rather lacking. But with enough Avery Salvation in me, I can rock Paperboy for hours. The problem is, so can everyone else. So while there are TONS of arcade games, the lines for the premium ones (not you, Ms. Pacman) can be rather lengthy. But the crowd generally seems pretty laid back and a touch dorky, so it's not like there are fist fights over who is next in line. 

So sitting and drinking is boring. Come do this instead.
If ever there are divorce papers involved in my life, and let's hope not, this place will be cited as my grounds for divorce.  I've had to hear about the development on Facebook and Twitter from several friends for several months, so I'm super excited that it's finally here and we can stop anticipating the opening.  I went with group around 4:45pm, opening day and we were met with a relatively tame crowd.  Drinks were $1 off for happy hour and they have twenty-five beers on tap. They also had a full bar, so I was able to sample a Bell's stout and then switch to a Hendrick's and tonic.  For four beers, and a grilled cheese our bill was $30, pretty awesome for craft beers and top shelf liquor.  

I'm not going to pretend I know a lot about video games, but I played the usual girly basics-Tetris, Ms. Pac-man, Frogger and Super Mario Bros. and they were super fun. Games are $0.25 each and there's a change machine on the premises should you forget to raid your change jar beforehand.  

Should you find yourself hungry they have a small menu, though it is just barely vegetarian friendly offering only a grilled cheese and pickled vegetables with hop shoots as the two possibilities.  I had the grilled cheese and it was quite delicious and came with a few of the pickled veggies as side- amazingly nom! My suggestions would be to add another Pac-Man game, perhaps a table version, and to add a photobooth, as well as some more veggie options. 

The building is gorgeous, inside and out.  They have a huge spiral bike rack out front and a cute outdoor area for fresh air, or smoky, whichever you prefer.  The inside is nothing short of gorgeous and the bathrooms were pretty lovely as well.  Lucky for me I didn't hate hanging out here, but I have a feeling I should add them to the contact list in phone should my husband ever go missing.
Just around the corner of the Piazza comes this unique find! BARCADE! Came here on a Wednesday night, and street parking was easy to find. Atmosphere was industrial, casual, and dim. Pretty open layout with tables and stools for getting groups together. Large bar with an extensive beer menu. Definitely a place to try some brews that are not your typical "lite" beers. 

Did a walkthrough of some of the arcade games, and there were so many! Double Dragon, Punch Out, Paper Boy, Tetris, and Arkanoid to name a few. So nostalgic!

No parking meters here, so grab a few friends for a friendly (or not?) competition, and put those quarters to use! I promise a good time!
I was so excited about hitting up Barcade. They have tacos, lots of drafts on tap and so many great classic video games what more could you ask for? Well..quite a bit!

When walked in the temperature jumped up 30 degrees instantly. Everyone was sweating. It was chilly outside and most of us had coats with no place to leave them. The games are side by side like a typical arcade. Unfortunately the place develops quite a line for the bathroom and with game lines up right next to them it gets to becomes way to close for comfort.

I wish that i could talk about the food but it was so warm and seating was so limited that we opted to leave and eat elsewhere.

As for the drinks, I love cider. Sadly I didn't like the only one on draft and there were no bottle options. So much for a selection for me. 

I'd totally go back for the games. Most were only .25 each. I would probably plan to go back at a time I would think was less crowded and I'd plan to leave my coat in the car and to grab drinks and food elsewhere. Basically I'd treat this location like an arcade more then a bar or eatery.
Aesthetically I think it's very cool looking and fits in with the neighborhood. 

I don't like arcade games, but guys do, so if you're a lady lookin' to hook a hipster hottie then there's a good chance you'll find one here.  It's dark enough so you probably won't realize how pale he is until you wake up next to him the following morning. He also probably doesn't go to the gym....but I'm losing focus, so let's get back on track....

Those are the two good things about the place (aesthetics and booooooooooys galore).

The bad....wtf is up with the deviled eggs on the menu? That's like the worst bar food EVER. Wake up the next morning and you're all, "Why does my mouth taste like a garbage truck? Oh yeah, I ate 5 deviled eggs and some beer!!!" My two friends and I ordered 1 grilled cheese, 1 blt, and some tacos. We waited an hour for those 3 items and watched dozens of orders of freakin' deviled eggs come out. WTF?? A grilled cheese takes 5 minutes! And when we complained the bartenders flatly said "sorry." No, "Can I get you a drink on the house?" or "How about some chips to hold you over?" "Or, wtf the are they doing back there with all those deviled eggs?!"

When we peeked into the kitchen we saw 2 dudes. One looked like he was doing all the work, the other had one hand down the back of his pants and the other itching the inside of his eardrum. You would think a new place would over-staff the first week open, but this place apparently thought they could handle a bazillion deviled eggs and a crowd of hungry drinkers. I felt bad for the one dude who wasn't picking his orifices and actually trying to cook food without the distraction of the other dude and all those deviled eggs and ear wax and butt-cheese.  

The service was TERRIBLE. If you're going for just beer it's still pretty TERRIBLE.  They were not on top of their game for a new place. There was one really, really short female bartender who was really good and seemed like she was annoyed at the  pace of things. She also kept her hands out of her orifices. 

Despite the terrible service and all those deviled eggs, I'll probs go back. They have a good beer selection and people watching. I'll eat before I go though.
It's a bar with arcade games throughout. Hard to fuck that up. I went here a year or so ago and all of the games were a quarter each to play. Now they're mostly all 50 cents and you can't use quarters. You have to use tokens they distribute through coin machines. 
On my most recent trip over the weekend I found the place to be okay. It wasn't too packed, and the bartenders were quick. However my drinks were a lot to be desired. I don't drink beer so I got a rum and coke and it tasted off. Like they use off brand cola or something. And they used lemons instead of limes as a garnish. No! 

The games are cool. However a lot of the games are way too old and no one had any desire to play them. I know barcade rotates their games, so this isn't a real issue. I just wish they had a better selection on this particular visit. 

Was a cool place to chill on a Saturday afternoon.
Yelp should change he review system to thumbs up or down. 
I've seen too many nitwits give a 5-star review to a garbage Hut and not even attempt to back it up with why. Hence you have the Jackasses that never go out but occasionally review on Yelp and can barely READ let alone complete thoughts and sentences.
Sheesh. 

The beer list sucks. IPAs and craft beers. All trash. 
Ugh. I can't say enough that IPAs are an abomination. 
It taste like rotten grapefruit juice. 

Anyway the Barcade is a great place for a date. It's in the worst area in Philly for drivers: NO PARKING ANYWHERE. 
You're lucky if you found a spot. Take the train. Save yourself the headache. 

Never had the food here. I'm not going to eat in a place like this all dark and full of people. 

The video games are a great way to test what kind of woman you're dealing with. If she doesn't want to play at all get rid of that bih. If she's scolding you for wanting to play then wait until she goes to the restroom then Uber outta there. Those are the chicks that want to change you.
This place is cool, okay? 
Extensive beer list that is always changing, classic arcade games. I don't see the problem.
I'm having review schizophrenia here!

On the one hand, this place was really fun. I could just socialize here, have a ton of drinks, catch up with friends, and hang out in the patio area sipping good beer and taking it all in.

On the other hand, the game selection was... well, lacking.

Don't get me wrong. I understand each and every title's place in history. I mean, come on, Berzerk? Evil Otto was a precursor to every monolithic boss fight you could imagine.

But that's exactly it. I mean, a lot of these games were built around severe hardware limitations that severely hampered any gameplay innovation.

I wanted to play something more twitchy. So, competitive Tetris was good. So was Magic Sword, Spy Hunter, and even Super Mario Bros.

But, like I said, most of the games seemed to be there more to showcase video game history (which IS important) than to be fun (which is a different kind of important).

Also, Double Dragon wasn't working.

I found myself wondering why they have Magic Sword and Golden Axe, but no Street Fighter 2. And, if I could dream big, Samurai Shodown II, or even XMen or Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.

I really wanna come back to this place and give it 4 stars. For now, it gets its three on being an overall fun place to hang out.
This place had some of the highest drink prices in the area, so I would suggest pregaming but then that kinda defeats the whole point of this being a Barcade, doesn't it? 

The games here are pretty cool. There's a large variety of games here for everyone. A lot of older nostalgic ones here too. There's a good amount of machines so you're never really having to stand in line to play (unless you're dead set on some specific games only). Everyone who comes here if friendly and chill and people love plying against each other too. There's no tickets or prizes or tournaments (to my knowledge) here. It's all a laid back atmosphere to come play for a bit and then sit by the bar or out in the courtyard area. 

I'll still probably come back here occasionally with friends even though it adds up to be quite a bit with the drinks and games.
Finally hit up Barcade after months of anticipation and boy did it deliver. Walking in, it seemed like I entered the epicenter of Williamsburg Brooklyn, with the hipsters ranging from the "trying too hard NoLibs hipster" to the "not trying hard enough I look dirty Fishtown hipster". Being opening night, this is totally expected. In time and when word spreads, the crowd will even out .

Overall it was quite impressive. The beer list was vast, with only drafts and nothing above $7. They had updated draft menus floating around with descriptions, which is always a great touch for us beer people who wish we knew exactly what every beer was just by it's name. Also liked that these menus listed what was on deck after these beers. (Some of those beers alone will have me coming back) I didn't try anything off the food menu, however, the list of sandwiches looked tasty & I dont think anything was over $8. Will be returning for a shortrib sandwich that caught my eye. 

The mood at Barcade was one of the the best aspects of the place. It was dimly lit with low-wattage bulbs from above and light bags with bulbs in them too. The music was typical indie fishtown/nolibs stuff, def heard some Shazamable tunes. The video game volume was just loud enough that if you were playing a game you could hear it. 

The videogame list on their website speaks for itself. Impressive list of old school games (all 25 cents), Highlights for me included Wrestlefest, Spy Hunter & Tapper. Something I was worried about was where I would put my drink during my gameplay. There is a skinny shelf in between each machine for your beer which was just perfect.  There was also a large outside area with string lighting, wood benches and shelves along the wall for beers.

Overall, Barcade really delivered what I expected and more. It's nice to see a place like this open in Philly and will be a go-to place for a beer and an Arkanoid marathon or even a place to bring a group of out-of-towners (hell even my parents would love this place).
Note - emailed to Barcade 10 days ago - No Reply


I've been a huge fan ever since 2005 when I first set foot in Barcade.  At the time I worked on Flushing Ave and it was a great location for my friends and me to meet-up after work.

I was also a fan of Paul Kermizian, too, especially after watching American Beer - to my friends and me he approached "Hero" status.  (That and the fact that he owned more than half of the "High Score" records on their chalk board!!  Wow!!)  

When I moved to Philadelphia, I went through a BC drought (occasional trips to BKN) until the Fishtown location opened and I was thrilled once again.

That said, I feel the need to inform you that I was very disappointed during my recent last visit to Fishtown.  I brought a friend (his first visit) and as always, I hyped it up! 

Our first game was Tapper - my favorite!  Tapper was a dud because the bartender in the game was "locked" on the "pour" setting.  You could pour the beer, but not "release" and dispense it.  I let the Barcade staff (bartender) know that the game was malfunctioning and they immediately refunded our two tokens.  

Unfortunately, this was a start of a pattern.  Street Fighter II - the left control stick was... less than responsive.  Then Daytona started eating our tokens, so I seek the manager.

The manager was a tall gentleman who I believe the bartender said his name was "Eric".  I asked if he was the manager... and then he walked away.  I followed him to the other end of the bar and asked if he could assist us at some point and he said "Go see a bartender".  I indicated to him that the bartenders are busy serving drinks and explained our Daytona dilemma.  He looks across the room in the direction of the Daytona game and says "It's fine now".

There was another customer was *sitting* in the Daytona chair.  Not playing.

Manager then says "Yeah, I can't help you".  

We finished our beer and look over as yet another person just lost a token on Tapper.  (No sign was placed from the earlier malfunction)

I love Barcade.  I literally have 5 t-shirts from the nearly 14 years I've been visiting, not to mention the scores of friends and clients I recommended.  I really can't explain how disappointing this experience was for me.  The games are 30+ years old - I understand that they can malfunction.

There is absolutely no reason for a manager to be rude to good customers.
This is such a cute bar and I would definitely recommend it for you if you are look for a chill place to hang out and drink. 
There was a bar and a lot of cool video games around one section. The games only cost 25 cent each to play, which I thought was reasonable and made it feel even more nostalgic. 
I thought it was a really unique and fun place to hang out!
I really dig the concept of Barcade - they have a ton of old school arcade games and a great beer selection. In theory, Barcade is awesome. In reality, it's crowded and really difficult to play any of the more popular arcade games. Of course, this is on a Friday or Saturday night. I'm sure a weekday or early evening is just fine. Overall, not a bad place to hang out and have some throwback fun.
Good beer, awesome arcade games. TERRIBLE service.

This could have been a solid casual spot to grab some good beer and play some arcade games. But it just isn't. 

First the good - games are just a quarter just what it probably cost a decade or two ago, and they have a decent selection of 15-20 games to choose from. Enough to keep you entertained for a few hours. Unfortunately, this is the only pro of this place. 

- Service is terrible. Expect to wait 10 minutes for a drink even while the bar tender can see you waiting and it is not really busy.
- One of the beers my gf ordered tasted odd, but the bar tender disagreed and only very reluctantly replaced it for another beer
- Food is very mediocre and you are better off avoiding it. Only consolation is that we ordered it during a happy hour and was half off.
I love the concept of a video game bar and this place is a divey, unpretentious version. In Phoenix, there was a fancy version set off from their Lucky Strike and another divey, unpretentious one. 

Located in Fishtown, this is situated in the right neighborhood....close to eats, concert venues, and bars. 

Every time we have gone, it is a madhouse. Expect to wait for video games (you must get tokens from various machines in the bar) and drinks at the bar. I'm not surprised to hear that it is more chill during the week. So pick your poison! 

Beers and cocktails are aplenty, as well as, some beer snacks (look for the sign on the wall). 

There are also some outdoor courtyards to escape the crowds inside. 

Overall, apart from how packed it gets, this is a fun place to hang with friends. I could easily spend waaay more $ playing video games than alcohol here!
This is the second barcade ive been to (jersey city, nj being the first). They deff need more selections of games and more. the one in jersey city feels like it is crowded and has many games to choose from. I do like the set up of this barcade better one side for the tables and one side for the games. its very clean and organized. theres also more tables here. with that said, i feel this barcade caters to the more bar aspect--has more tables and chairs and room to move around, music isnt as loud (you can hold a convo). Theres also an outdoor section with seats and smoking option. I had a good time here and loved playing the games, but they need more!
If you want to have the run of the place, stop by on a beautiful sunny Sunday. At least that's been this mole-person's recent experiences. Everyone's out drinking al fresco, see... Actually we had been out enjoying the Summer heat on the streets too, but sometimes a ginger needs to get outta the sun. We were in the neighborhood, we stopped in for some refreshing, refreshing beers. Good thing I always walk around armed with a sock full of quarters. I was gonna need em. But this time, not as a weapon.

They do have a change machine, so don't worry if you're unprepared for an afternoon arcade game play. Anyway, there were maybe five other souls in this cavernous place and so we had free reign over the dozens of classic arcade games which I fondly recall from hangin out in the pizza shops of my yout. Ah good, fun nostalgia stuff, now plus beer. 

We didn't get down with any snacks here, but drinks, we did. Great selection of beers, Playing Donkey Kong works up a thirst. So does incessantly referencing the amazing Billy Mitchell. I began to miss Lake Winnipesaukee.
I came to Barcade on a date, about 6+ mos. ago.  The bartender was great, he was friendly and attentive.  This place is an awful date place, based on my experience....
The music was droning and depressing.  I knew the songs.  The food was inedible, and took forever.  There were about ten people maximum in this rather large room with old school games surrounding part of the perimeter(love this-the games), but the acoustics are awful!  It was so loud!  I didn't understand why a group up six sounded like a loud group of forty.  
Maybe, the people were just obnoxiously loud, so was my date. I really expected to have an awesome time, and had been wanting to come in for a long time.  It was cool, because we got to play a lot of games, he was a sore loser....ugh.  It would be fun to play some drinking games. 

Just, some rehab on the ambiance, and food.  I'm always hungry.  I really feel like I could have lots of fun here.
My thoughts as I approached Barcade around 9pm on Friday night were: I hope it's not super crowded and I hope it's not a total douche-fest. Luckily it wasn't too packed and the crowd was pretty low key.  They have a really extensive beer list and prices are comparable to other bars in the area.  Conveniently, there are menus on the bar giving detailed descriptions of each beer along with the alcohol percentages.  We chose an Allagash with 9% alcohol (more bang for your buck!) and made our way over to some seats along the wall. 

I really like the overall look and feel of the place.  Very dark/warehouse-ey, although I thought it would be bigger. I like that there is an outside smoking area and you can bring your drinks.  I don't really smoke, but it's still nice to have the option. Each game had a line of people waiting to play, so we avoided the games.  We were pretty content to sit against the wall and people watch, but then....

....I was the asshole who dropped my beer glass.  

As I was pulling my purse towards me off the ledge, it caught my beer glass along the way and sent it flying to the ground with a loud shatter. I stood there looking around helplessly but not to worry, within about 30 seconds a bartender was on it with a dustpan and a broom.  He was very nice about it, but I was pretty embarrassed so we quickly left.
Barcade is great if only to relive the childhood delights of Ms. PacMan (No, but seriously, whatever happened to just PacMan? I mean...really?), and Mario World in Arcade game format. 

Also, anyone remember when Donkey Kong was about climbing up ladders and avoiding fireballs? Me neither, but apparently in 1981, it was so.

It's also kind of fun that Barcade is super hidden from humanity and that from the outside it looks like another victim of urban decay. 

Alas, for all its treasures, Barcade lacks the one game that would have added those additional two stars - and somebody please correct me if I idiotically over looked this gem - but my dear Street Fighter was no where to be found. Sad. Face.
I don't know... it's early - 4th day open - and kinks clearly need to be worked out. When I got frustrated that our food was taking upwards of an hour, one of the bartenders commented that the Barcade in Brooklyn doesn't even have a kitchen, so a single dude in a closet with a hot plate is better than nothing. But this is Philly, so we like to eat at some point into our drinking. Also, clearly that was an exaggeration I just made  (the cook probably had something better than a hot plate, but I was indeed told that there was only one of him).

Anyway, I was expecting 1) More Philly beers at 2) Philly prices. And the food service is at this point just not smart. You order your food with a bartender, you're given a ticket, and then you may feel free to check near the food-bar area until your stuff is ready. We ordered: Two nutella and bacon sammiches (really, really fun idea, and also happens to be tasty), two orders of deviled eggs, some sort of chicken/pork sammich, and quesadillas. Everything was good, but it took over an hour to get everything which really got in the way of game play since we kept waiting, and waiting. It would've been not so bad, given that this place just opened, had they been apologetic and perhaps comped us an extra order of, frankly, whatever for the sake of good will. Rather, they were outright unapologetic.

I loved all the beers available on tap. There are just not a lot of places in Philadelphia where you can find that.

Double Dragon was not working. I was fired up for some fighting games. There were a lot of games not working or eating quarters (although, it's definitely awesome that they only cost $0.25!). 

Ultimately, this needs to be a great arcade that happens to have a bar, or a great bar that happens to have arcade games. So, work out dem kinks and we'll be back, but not until then.
Great beer, classic games and friendly staff! What more do you want from life?!

A great, dark beer with a main room that is ringed entirely by classic arcade games. The main bar is a nice long wooden bar and always has an amazing beer selection. The beer is constantly changing as well, which is a nice bonus.

The only food I have had is the hummus and pita. It was good but nothing spectacular. I suspect you are probably not headed here for a solid meal though.

The games are fun and cheap and the staff is pretty cool about giving your money back when the games, occasionally, break.

As other has noted, the ratio is really in the favor of a singles interested in men. Love this place!
I love barcade. It's an amazing concept. 

BUT. There is this one bartender that is here almost every time that i am here... Unfortunately. Her name is Natasha. And she's very very inattentive. She is mostly here to be on her phone. I currently am sitting here and was trying to put in an order before the kitchen closed and she was so wrapped up in her phone that by the time she got to me the "kitchen was closed".

About that. Girlfriend. Pay attention to your customers. We're here. You COULD be super chill. But you're too busy.
So my experience at Barcade is a tale of two cities....depending on when you go, you will find a totally different scene. 

I went on a saturday night and barcade was POPPIN. a little too poppin for my taste. It was so loud and crowded that my throat hurt after talking and lines were long so you couldnt even fully enjoy the wide range of arcade games. 

BUT, then we had the genius idea to go on a sunday afternoon. This is when barcade seems to be at its best, for a number of reasons. First off, it is not at capacity and so you can carry on a conversation, sample new and interesting games, and even sit down. Secondly, they have a sunday lunch special: $10 for a sandwich, chips, and beer. And, as we know, they have a great and reasonably priced tap list (made that way because some beers are only 10 oz pours, but thats cool with me) And the sandwiches were really good to boot! We sampled the short rib with carmelized onions and the pork with diced pickles (tart, briney pickles....not those gelatinous things you get on a happy meal hamburger). 

My sunday afternoon experience was an unequivocal 5 stars.....but because of the saturday meh-ness its only getting 4
ARCADE & BAR in one? COOL CONCEPT... when i say arcades at the bar i mean a lot of arcade games, not just one or two machines (were talking a whole room full) PLUS each game only costs 25 cents!

interesting mix of people at this bar... You'll find everything from nerdy to hipster BUT who can deny a game of frogger, mrs pacman, or tetris?

wish they had more racing games, i only noticed one racing sega game!
I had to go full monty on the star count despite a few flaws with this establishment.  Here is why:

they have little tables between the arcade machines to place your beers.  This seems like a minor thing, but just imagine if people were spilling their beer all over the arkanoid joystick, or if you had to leave the smash TV console for a second to swig your ale.

I thought about bumping a star off there because there is no cheap beer here and it is tough to have it be a quarter only visit when the beers are $5 or more (wear suspenders).  

If I were them, I would have a $3 PBR pounder and give away free beers to anyone that beats Golden Axe (because you know they just invested a good $10 in your arcade machine).

Also if I were them, I would have the bartenders dress like the Mario brothers
Good drinks, hip setting, and place was packed on the Friday night that I went with friends. A fun way to do something different during our night out, i.e. drink & play retro arcade games at a bar ;)
In response to the upsetting slew of reviews here complaining about a lack of PBR and Miller Lite I am giving Barcade five stars.

GOOD BEER COSTS GOOD MONEY BECAUSE THE PEOPLE WHO MAKE IT NEED TO EAT.

So screw you if you think $6 is too much for a beer hand-crafted with love at a brewery with a yield under 10,000 barrels/year.  If you don't want craft beer, don't go to Barcade.  Go back to the Barbary, hipster bums.

Rant aside, I actually do think Barcade is pretty great.  Correction: I think Barcade on a Saturday afternoon is pretty great.  I may not say the same about Barcade on a Friday night, jam-packed past the point of navigability.

The atmosphere is straight out of a NoLibs yupster's dreams.  Simple, rustic, open, unadorned.  Lots of exposed brick, metalwork and unfinished woods.  A beautiful outdoor area lined with *oooh* bamboo.

There is one bar, which spans the length of the hallway that you enter into.  When the bar ends, the games begin.  The space opens up into a cavernous room lined with a fantastic array of classic video games.  Thin high tables span the room -- just enough to balance your half-decent sandwich (this is BAR food) and delicious beer on.

Games are 25 cents a pop and worth every penny.  Yes, you have to wait to get a round on Ms Pac Man or Golden Axe, but what kind of arcade would this be if you didn't have to muscle dweebs out of the way to get to your favorite game?

The beer selection is top notch, competing with the best of them.  A fantastic and well-rotated group of largely domestic crafts.  The prices are *GASP* fair, and the small selection of snacks and sandwiches, while perhaps a bit overpriced, do the job, all things considered.  And all of the bartenders I encountered were great.  Informative, accommodating and pretty damn cool.

Overall - despite the prohibitive trek to Phoney-ville aka NoLibs, I plan to spend a lot more time here -- hunched over a vector monitor with socks pulled up to my knees.

NOTE TO THE LADIES: a lot of VERY attractive men seem to be drawn to this place.  Just sayin'.
The last time I came to Barcade, I happened to be standing next to a group of 3 very drunk young goth kids (2 boys, 1 girl) fully engaged in a make out session. Yessir, a 3-way makeout session. Obviously, the entertainment at barcade isn't limited to the video games--even though they do have many, including a lot of the classics. 

There's also a decent beer list, and I'm always able to find something I enjoy. On the weekends it gets pretty crowded, so getting a beer, finding a place to stand, and playing some of the better games can get a little difficult.
Wanted to grab a beer with my wife and son (1 1/2 yrs old). It was on a Sunday afternoon and nearly empty. We then were approached by the staff telling us "we needed to keep a closer eye on our child." My wife and I were holding our son nearly the entire time! He didn't give us any explanation except that "this is a bar and children shouldn't be here". Which is silly since we have taken of child to plenty of bars and never received a comment like this. He was extremely rude. 

If he would have been up front with us and told us that there was a bar rule not allowing children, we would've respected that. Or if he would've asked us to keep him away from the arcades, we would have (which is dumb in its own reason considering that he couldn't even reach the controls). If it was busy, then we would've understood that as well. I use to have such a great time at Barcade (it was my favorite bar!) but unfortunately this visit will be my last.
Great bar if you love video games. Was able to play a variety of games and if you go on a crowded night, you might be able to get some others to play with or against you, making the experience that much better.

The reason I took off one star is that some of the games (namely, "Street Fighter 2", which is my favorite and the one I wanted to play the most), would eat your coins... making a game that takes 2 coins to play cost 3 or sometimes 4 coins.
As several have already pointed out. There is a serious lack of ladies at Barcade.
It's pretty much 80% dudes, and then 20% dues + their GFs.... Greaattt.. I guess I will need to go back to Ladder 15 to go see 'da ladies... However hilarious that most of these reviews are written by women...... #i'mjustsayin'

The games are nicely done. I have been here earlier in the night before it gets crowded and its more fun. No waiting to play games... You can hear the noises from the games.

The craft beer selection is very extensive and I appreciate that. However, sometimes I want something a little lighter...... Yes, I that means I am asking for Bud Light on the menu. Sorry Hipsters.

Actually -- Not Sorry !!
There are a million things to love about barcade. Great draft selection, amazing video games (although, after the second day of opening some were already broken) a great environment, and what seems to be a good staff (Paul the bartender seems like a really solid dude..which helps solidify the experience) In time the "hype" might settle down, and you can get to play the games you want...for now however, beggars cant be choosers. I will give this place 4 solid stars with the hope it stays the way it is and becomes a 5 star gig. I could see myself becoming very addicted to this place.

Also, the bathrooms were very clean (and similar to triumph in old city) each bathroom is its own private room.

the top score on DK right now is just over 16000. that, I imagine wont last long.

after typing this, I might just head right back there.
For anyone who says that the one security guy is kind of a dick, please get over yourself. He was really cool. He wants to put in heating lamps outside and a firepit... for YOUR use and enjoyment. He can't be that bad of a guy, now can he? Just talk to the guy. Don't be a douchebag and he won't have to bother ya, dig?

As for the place itself, it's fucking rad. It's totally a hipster scene. The games are awesome. All pre-SEGA era. They have cool beers, some food and whatnot. The games only cost a Quarter. The place is awesome. Definitely go.
Sweet Tap dancing Jesus of Nazareth! It's as if my childhood wishes were granted by my over hyped and underwhelming sense of beer snobbery. The only thing that truly goes with craft beer is late 80's and early 90's arcade games. 

Barcade was one of the coolest bars I have ever seen. I was enamored with the Ghouls and Goblins, mike Tyson's punch out, Tempest, Joust, and golden axe! Craft beer, and games of our youth. Back up grandpa, your looking at the new 'greatest generation'!

If you haven't read the book 'Ready Player One' by Ernest Cline yet, chances are outright just meet him at this bar. He'll probably be able to breakdown the plot for you in between the loading screens on gauntlet. 

I had the earths cookie apron, its toffee and roast coffee notes helped me fully enjoy the low humming glow of Operation Wolf. The beer however, lasted much longer than I did when I dropped my quarters into the old slots of my youth.

 When I come back to Phili, and come back I shall, I will be coming to Barcade again.
How can anyone NOT give this place a 5/5? DO YOU LIKE PACMAN? DONKEY KONG? NINJA TURTLES? X-MEN? EVER WONDER WHY MICHAEL JACKSON HAS AN ARCADE GAME? WHAT KIND OF POWERS DOES MJ HAVE IN HIS ARCADE?!?! COME TO BARCADE AND FIND OUT! 

I grew up in the 90's. If you did then you can appreciate this place. Remember the days when your parents took you to the arcade/ movie theater/ bowling ally and you spent your money trying to see how far you could get in X-men the Arcade? Dibs on Wolverine. 

Now you can live that experience again at the age of 28. Grab a gaggle of friends. Enjoy some beers. And play 25 cent arcade games. Its like you never left 1997... and you probably still don't know how to talk to girls. Nothing has changed. 

The beer selection is superb. It's very unique. It covers all the bases, all the IPA's, seasonal, Pale ales, etc, and the prices are reasonable. Make sure to pick up some merch on the way out. Their tee shirts are nostalgic and made by American Apparel, great quality. Barcade adds games constantly. They also added seating in the center of the game room, it's perfect for bigger parties. The deck in the back is a plus too. Enjoy. 

And remember if you're complaining about this place for one reason or another: it's because you don't realize how much it costs to fix 25 year old arcades that are not made anymore. I'll glaldy pay for a pricey beer knowing that there is a place in the great city of Philadelphia with an original Terminator Judgement day arcade system.
They seem to have a wide variety of games, but I wish they had more pinball machines.  The place is roomy and has a patio, which is nice.  Service is good, but I did not like that my credit card and i.d. card were taken without my permission and not returned.  The bartender rubber banded them together and put them away, without asking prior to my handing them to him, if that would be ok.  In response, I chose to close out my tab immediately to get my cards back.  I paid for my next transaction in cash.

Also, the next time I go there, I will eat elsewhere before going, as the food was quite bad.  Apart from that though, the service was friendly.
GAMER NERD NIRVANA !! This is definitely a hidden treasure of a place! Love love love all the beers on tap, and having 25 cent old fashioned video arcade games to boot is a definite plus!  I would go here just to eat though!  I tried the hummus and pita bread ($4), which was sooooooooooo tasty, and had the mac n cheese pulled pork sandwich ($8 i think) which was Oh mah god good!   Good mix of funky people, which I always like! Will definitely go back here again, or stop to eat there on the way to the Sugarhouse casino (which is right near this place). Would have given 5 stars, but parking in that area is kinda a bitch. Watch for 2 hour parking signs, because parking authority was rampid through there!
Hipsterville, PA.  Play your 1980's video games (I LOVED the fact that I could play TRON), drink some PBR's and overpriced liquor.

It's pretty awesome if you can handle that much flannel.
I'm not your typical video game "nerd" but i do enjoy the classics!

Pros: Community, atmosphere, food, beer

Favorite: Pacman! Get 3 other friends and compete against each other. Can be a lot of fun especially while drinking some beer

Tips: Happy Hour!! Ordered 2 tacos (~$8 worth) and any draft beer worth $6 for a total of $10! The tacos were extremely good as well. (El Pastor)

Enjoy the happy hour and play a couple rounds of classic video games with friends.
I have to admit, I was never one to play video games growing up and am completely unfamiliar with every game at this place but I find Barcade an extremely fun (especially when it isn't packed!) place for a chill time with friends! Not so chill when you have competitive friends because it could get puhrittttyyyy intense! Drinks could be cheaper but the games make up for it. So much fun! Good for first dates.
Imagine a place where you have food, beer, friends, and video games.  Sounds pretty great, right?  Now imagine that same place, except you cannot hear, or move.  You are drowning, not in drink, which you cannot receive, but in people that you cannot even talk to.  You are in a kind of hell.  

That little bit of hyperbole should explain why what should be a great place is instead something to be avoided.  Barcade is neat!  The food and drink is worthwhile, and the games are good.  But it's hard to enjoy any of that when the music is pumped so loud you can' hear the person next to you, and you need earplugs to stave a headache.  And it does get insanely crowded.  Shoulder-to-shoulder congestion is not an exaggeration.  

It's very popular for a reason, and Barcade cannot be to blame for getting crowded.  Avoid peak times, and that is no problem!  But if they would stop trying to pump out concert-volume music, the atmosphere would quickly go from "avoid" to "invite your friends".
Gleefully nostalgic concept bar for those that actually went to arcades in their youth and are intimately familiar with words like Commodore, Atari, joystick and know from low resolution graphics and less than stellar sound effects.  How can you appreciate what you have today if you didn't start somewhere and worked your way up from the original Nintendo to today's Wii?  Comparisons must be made! But I digress.

Solid beer menu.  Interesting and varied picks on drafts.  Dark and dim barn-like interior with graffiti unisex bathrooms that could already stand some retooling (a simple flushing mechanism and door locks that work would be nice)  Sizeable outdoor space adjacent to the bar with wooden benches.  

Weird (maybe throwback?) table and game system set-up (could stand to be re-configured, though, so much space so poorly utilized ) though, I must note the very thoughtful addition of shelves for your bevvies between game stations (but not all - add more, please!)

The place that brands itself a Barcade could stand to have more of a selection of games and more of the popular game systems, but having good ol' Mario Brothers, Popeye, Frogger, Donkey Kong, Tetris (dual players) on standby and costing a quarter a pop (as it should be!!) made me smile.

Nice break from your run of the mill bar joints and a nice part of the Frankford Bar Tour Route. Beer and a couple games at Barcade, then beer and grub (maybe a show upstairs?) at Johnny Brenda's, then more beer around the campfire, some grub and a ping pong match to round it off at Frankford Hall.
Barcade is a fun novelty bar.  If you are looking to kill a an hour or two by drinking and playing retro arcade games, then I'd highly recommend it.

They had a good selection of fancy beers, however, something doesn't sit right about a Philly bar that doesn't serve Yuengling.

Finally, I understand that Barcade is going for a retro theme with its choice of arcade games, but I think a few classic 90s games wouldn't hurt (ie Simpsons, X-men, Ninja Turtles).
Really fun concept - a bar with old video games. I was psyched to play T3 and other games. I was thrilled to find the prices were still the original ones. 
It was a bit crowded when we got there, but for the most part you could just wait a few minutes to get to any game you wanted to play. A few times people would plunk down a few dollars worth of coins and "claim" a game for way too long, but that wasn't the norm.
The pluses - no pressure to drink. I actually manged to sober up a bit here after Frankford Hall, so that was nice. Great assortment of games. A layout that actually made walking around the games doable. 
No so great - they don't take quarters, just tokens. This means, if you buy tokens you can only spend them there. 
Bad - A few of the games had broken controllers and no sign indicating that. Kind of sucks to pop in .50 to find you can't actually play. This was more than one game. 
I like that this is something different. If it was more crowded I could picture it not being fun, but for what it was (old video games in a bar), I had a great time.
I LOVE the concept but the service is abominable. There is one bartender who spends more time walking around then making drinks or clearing glasses. The guy who is part owner was standing around and not directing the staff at all. It took the other bartender forever to ask for our drink order even though it wasn't that busy.
Walking into the space, I immediately head to the bar. Menu is decent and I immediately stand behind someone standing at the bar ready to order. He's already been helped when a bartender asks him, and then the bartender doesn't even scan the bar and walks to the end of the bar.

I follow him like a shadow as he walks to the end of the bar, head down, fidgeting here and there. A full minute goes by before he even glances to scan the bar and I'm able to order. Oblivious to it all, there's no "Sorry" or even a "Thank you" after ordering my beer. 

A wonderful courtyard in the back to enjoy the weather. I finish my beer and I'm out of there.

As someone who works in the industry, embarrassingly poor service.
"Barcade" = Bar + Arcade.  They have great beer options that change regularly, and 25¢ classic games that switch out from time to time as well.

Nowhere in Barcade's name does the word "food" appear, which must be why it's somewhat lackluster in that regard.  But I'm not going there to eat: I can't eat and play RAMPAGE at the same time (but I can totally multitask gameplay with drinking).

Gets a little Old City on Friday and Saturday nights, though.  Best to stop by in the afternoon.

Going to the Barbary for an all-ages show?  Make the trip two blocks over for a beer and a game or two between sets.  Perfect.
There was no room left on Barcade's bike rack because every space had a fixtie parked in it.  This should have been a sign.

I thought the the point of being a hipster was being able to claim you got there before it was cool.  You know . . . like . . . I listened to such and such a band before they got big, while they were still the third listed band on a tuesday.  Now that everybody likes them, they suck.

So why then was Barcade so full last Saturday with a hipster crowd that I could barely move?  I don't get it, I thought that community borrowed from the Yogi Berra school of social scenes: "it's so busy, no one goes there any more."

Sure, the beer selection was good (if not trying too hard) and the arcade games (at least the ones that still worked) were fun and cheap, but I was more bothered by the fact that so many hipsters were crowed into one spot.  Their very presence made the place popular and, therefore, contradicted their own philosophy.   I'm surprised it didn't cause a black hole or something.
I took my friend here as part of a birthday scavenger hunt. We had lots of fun. It was very busy early Saturday evening around 4 when we went. We still managed to find seats at the bar and ordered a couple of beers and the guacamole (which was incredibly bland--I don't recommend it). It was really easy to change money for tokens using the machine near the door. I put in $10 and ended up not using all of the tokens in the next hour and a half so we will be back. That was a great selection of classic games to choose from including streetfighter, Mortal Kombat, Mrs. Pac-Man, donkey Kong, and pinball. It was really helpful that there are spaces next to each game for you to sit your beer. We had a great time and will definitely be back again. Cheers!
Corona edition: if you're looking for a bomb delivery combo, the $23 taco (6) and growler deal is  amazing. The chicken tacos were delish and the beer was cold. Also added on the pork and Mac sandwich because why not and was not disappointed.
Barcade lives up to the expectations of a bar arcade. It is a bar with an extensive draft beer list and a huge arcade in the back with vintage games. It's such an awesome date spot. 

We got there around 5pm on a Friday, it was a good place to be before our next spot on the evening for a little bit. It was just starting to fill up when we got there so it's recommended to go earlier in the day. It's definitely more fun when you have all the game choices you can think of. 

Best parts of Barcade: 
Extensive Beer List
Stocked Bar
Retro Games that are only 25c a play! Which is great. 
Ample sitting room

I was terrible at almost all of the arcade games, but it was cool to see all the high scores.
Skip the food. Expensive, poorly executed concepts. My BLT, though served with thick-cut bacon, was plain and dry. My boyfriend's turkey sandwich tasted oddly of propane. Bar snacks are comically overpriced. Next.

However, the beer list is top notch and well priced. For lovers of craft beer, this is a great place to go. Not domestics, not big name brews. Local, craft, high-quality beers. The Voodoo Headless Horseman Pumpkin Ale  , on nitro, was the most unique seasonal I've ever had -- like a boozy chai latte, or a drinkable gingersnap. I'd give 4 stars to the brew selection, 3 for the games and just one for the food.

My advice: come here for the beer and the nostalgic pull of old video games(Paperboy, anyone? Perhaps a little Rampage?). Ignore the posturing of fashionable patrons, or middle aged Jersey bros, or cooler-than-thou Brooklynites. Just have fun, drink a bit in the courtyard, play some games.

But really, skip the food.
My boyfriend and I come here ever few months because he likes old school video games. It is usually okay. But yesterday the bar was really sticky and gross and I could not get anyone to get me a glass a water and order food. So we left early the bartender with the long black hair doesn't seem to want to be there at all. I dont think I will be back. It wasn't a good vibe there. Its was turning into a hipster frat party as we were leaving.
Fun place to hang out have fun on the machines, etc.
I like the set up.

Drinks were okay, its more of a beer place, and I'm not a beer lover. 
Had the chicken Quesadilla, it was very tasty.
Good idea, poor execution. Way under staffed. For the first week of being open they should have extra people working to keep a good first impression. I am reluctant to go back b/c I don't want to wait for 20 min for a beer.
It is the name, a bar and an arcade - that's it. No TVs, No pool tables, no darts - nothing of the sort. Just video games and booze. I don't know what's so wrong with having a TV, we just wanted to check in on the Flyers game every once in a while.

The food is good, but the portions are small, don't expect to get full on one of their sandwiches. I got a pretty small chicken sausage sandwich with cheese and mustard. That's all that was on it too. No lettuce, no extra anything. Their siriacha deviled eggs were good and with a nice little kick. They also have a very large draft beer selection, but that's it. No bottles or domestic beers (miller light, bud etc. - don't ask for those here, my friend ordered a miller light, and the bartender definitely snickered at him.)

The game selection is decent, there were about 10 games I was excited to play and a bunch I did not recognize. Old school paper boy (with the handlebars), burger time, frogger, donkey kong, centipede, pacman etc. There were a lot of games I didn't recognize too. And GALAGA was broken :( But you really can't beat a quarter a game. Went around 730 on a Thursday and we could walk around and play most of the games no problem, until about 10 when it got too crowded and most people stuck with a game or groups of people took over sections of games (they are very close together.) I would not be caught dead here on a weekend, I can only imagine how ridiculously crowded it gets. And what's the point of going if the ONLY point in going is to play video games?This is definitely a weeknight spot.

The space is big, they have a big bar area, a big gaming area with tables in the middle to sit, an outside area with a separate smoking area and a bunch of individual bathrooms. 

And I read some of the reviews from when they first opened and it looks like they are working on fixing some of the things people are complaining about, so if I were you, I'd check it out again at some point. 

And in my opinion, this is definitely a nice novelty and I'd probably go a couple times a year to get my video game fill but I wouldn't be here all the time.
Barcade has the original Punch-Out!

Great craft beer selection and fairly quick bar service considering the crowd this place gets. I'm a fan of the bar arcade concept and that it's still only a quarter to play. It's also really nice to see so many private bathrooms for an establishment this size. 

I think the arcade games generate a lot of heat, so I hope they can install a better ventilation system soon. Everyone with glasses be warned that they will fog up as soon as you get past the ID check. My friends and I were rolling up our sleeves and heading outside to escape the heat well before there were even many people here. That said, the "family dinner table" outdoor setup is great for sharing a few laughs while taking a break from the noise and heat.
Look. there are some bad reviews for this place, but they are bogus. My wife and I were there for a few hours on a sat. afternoon, and shawn the bartender was as friendly as they come. We will be back soon for sure. He was happy to let us try beer as much as we wanted and he was passionate about craft beer. Food was good and definitely some nostalgia there with the arcade games. excellent experience.
When someone says "barcade," you'd imagine a place like this. It has a pretty extensive collection of classic arcade games in  categories along with a full bar, making you feel as if you're in a time machine! 

The downside to this place is the crowd. There are a lot of pushy and aggressive die-hard people as well as others in animal onesies parading throughout.

Definitely a fun place, but not worth making a night out of it.
I've been to another bar similar to this in Las Vegas. I was invited here by a friend, and I'm glad I was. Really cool bar. 

Lots of old school video games and pinball to play. Games like Punchout, Daytona USA, and lots of pinball options. 

They have an excellent selection of craft beer as well. I had the Brewmasters Union IPA, the Boardwalk Blackberry Saltwater Taffy IPA, and the Pumpking. The bartender even gave me a free taster of the Operation Breakfast coffee stout. 

Food options were limited. I had the mac & cheese, which was great. 

I didn't get to stay as long as I wanted because I had to go to a concert, but if I'm ever back in Philly, I'll be sure to return.
I've seen this bar concept in a few cities (Seattle, portland, minnesota) and I have to say I really prefer barcade to others I've seen.

The main reason is simplicity- solid game section and generally cup holders/places to put your beer down. They also have a really nice craft beer selection that rotates a bit.

The game selection is pretty solid. They also have a really solid working version of tapper (a beer themed video game from the 80s) which is hard to find.

The one downer- there's not really food, so bear that in mind if you go here... Would be amazing if they could just have some classy old school food.
This review is for the bar and arcade - we haven't tried their food here yet. On-street parking is relatively available. We came at midnight on a Saturday and found a spot about 2 blocks away. When we first arrived, the most popular games were packed. By around 1 am, the crowd started to thin out.

Whoever came up with this concept is a genius. All those 80's and 90's kids are all at drinking age and need an outlet to hangout and play retro games. Atmosphere is pretty standard for a bar, dimly lit and crowded and hot, but the back is an arcade with classic games from way back when. They have old school arcade staples such as Donkey Kong, as well as NES and SNES titles - such as TMNT and Final Fight. They have tons of different styles of games, there is something for everyone. Wish I had my Game Genie and cheat codes, these old school games remind me of my childhood - stay up all night and still can't beat that one level! BUT, the best game is the four player pac man. There are five intense rounds of running around a maze where you are trying to eat each other!
