I'm picking up what you're putting down, Bardot. The dark and sexy bar is perfect for a date or small group. And the tiny, tucked-away parlor with curtain would be perfect for a scandalous liaison. 

The staff was sweet but not entirely up to speed on menu items. The buttery shrimp were served head-on, though when I asked before ordering I was told that they were served only with the tails still attached. Minor, but enough of a turnoff for me that I probably would have opted for a different plate. The octopus dish was a win amongst our table of three, and I simply could not get enough of the spaetzle with purple cauliflower. It was perfect. 

Our server recommended cocktails for my friends while I tried the Côtes du Rhône Blanc, which I deeply enjoyed. I can't wait to go back for another glass, some more French pop, and that delicious-looking burger that accidentally almost made its way to our table.
I need to update this review for one reason.  The Pork Chop.  That might have been the best pork chop I've ever had in my life.  That f---er was almost two inches thick and cooked perfectly.  The caramelized onion gravy was out of this world.  The mashed potatoes were creamy without being fully whipped and worked with the long, thin green beans.  I am still surprised about how good of a meal that this was.  

We started with the mussels which were cooked in beer with shallots, mustard, and thyme.  The broth-y sauce was delicious and paired very well with the mussels.  The only gripe was that they did not give you enough bread to soak up that sauce.  We even asked for more bread, but we needed at least a half of a baguette.  

The pork chop was awesome. Get the pork chop.

My foxy lady ordered the salmon.  And really she only ordered that because I wanted the pork chop.  The salmon was good, served with dill.  If I hadn't had the pork chop I might talk about the salmon more. 

Pork chop.
When crepes had to be on the menu for Mother's Day brunch it was immediately on my mindset to book a reservation for Beau Monde. but being the likely 500+th person to come up with that plan that stood no chance in getting a table, McThrill had to act fast in researching the next best destination. Fortunately it lead to my discovering a new spot from the owners of a forever favorite Pub on Passyunk East (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-pub-on-passyunk-east-philadelphia), that resided inside the spot that used to house one of my former favorite's Ministry of Information (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ministry-of-information-philadelphia), and was completely inspired by timeless actress Brigitte Bardot. With a resume like that it seemed a little to perfect to believe, but those things led to a bit of a hidden gem (http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/food_department/12-hidden-Philly-restaurants-worth-finding.html), that delivered on all fronts.

Upon first entry I was able to notice borrowed things like the Octopus Chandelier and exposed brick wall, and new things like the Bardot inspired decor and chic "waiting area where you could lounge around until someone finished up in the water closet. add in the attentive and informative customer service, French bistro inspired menu, and solid beer & cocktail menu; and you had welcome features throughout.

The delicious crepes that brought us here came with Fromage Blanc and a strawberry/meyer lemon jam that heightened the flavor. The spicy hangover cure Hail Mary was fully loaded with Habanero vodka, horseradish, tabasco, black pepper, and a meaty olive. And the well rounded draught menu had solid choices from Nodding Head, Ommegang, North Coast, and Duchesse Du Bourgogne. But for me the main feature by far was the BEST frittata I've ever had that was filled with duck confit, baby kale, toulouse sausage, and more.

With even more examples of standard bar fare being French elevated, solid beers and cocktails, and good happy hours during regular and brunch hours; Bardot is a perfect destination to visit no matter what occasion.
I'm not too sure how this restaurant has so many positive reviews, but I'm going to unfortunately go against the grain and write a less flattering one. First off, the staff seemed friendly and accommodating, the food came out much more quickly than I'd expected and the service overall was excellent. The restaurant, on the other hand, was much less pleasing.

It seems to advertise itself as a "French New Wave-inspired restaurant," but, really, it's just a run-of-the-mill bar with a few cheap tables and some cheap, bright damask wallpaper. It seems to want to strive for a Hop Sing ambiance, but unfortunately falls short - very short - of achieving such a feel. It isn't as decorated as it should be and I don't see the French New-Wave inspired ambiance that they pride themselves on (personally, I think the name "Jean-Luc Goddard" just ropes in some hipsters in that neighborhood). I want to say that the furniture and the decoration of the place had a certain "je ne sais quoi," but I know what I want to say and that is "cheap." This place is to a French café what Olive Garden is to an Italian trattoria.

The food was also cheap and poorly done - I ordered a Bardot burger, which was much smaller than the bun and tasted odd. The dish had some pommes frites on the side, but even those just tasted outright bad. (There are other places in the city with great pommes frites - Monk's and the Belgian Café both have pommes frites that are to die for.) Couldn't finish the salad, since it was soaking in dressing and the saltiness of the dish actually made the skin on the inside of my mouth start to peel. The "house red" was also scanty and a bit stale.

Overall, I'd neither recommend this restaurant for a date nor for general dining. It's sort of off-the-beaten track, somewhere in the developing parts of Northern Liberties where there's a lot of construction going on, and it's not worth the long trudge. The food's overpriced, not worth the value; the ambiance fails to achieve what it sets out to do.

Bardot Café is cheap in many respects and no, it didn't even have a French New Wave film. And to make matters worse, I went there at 8PM on a Friday night and only 3, maybe 5, out of the 35 tables were filled and one or two hangers-on were sitting at the bar.

This place didn't do it for me -- and seemed to fail so miserably at what it sets out to do that I just needed to write a review to make sense of it all. 

But again, the staff was great; this place just wasn't to my taste.

Cheers.
Place stinks. They asked me to leave because i pronounced their name wrong. Sorry bro i don't speak french. Cocktail was ok though. Definitely get a pretentious vibe from the staff and especially some young punk who seems like he might be the manager.
We came in a large party for our 2 birthday girls. Food was overall good, and although service was attentive throughout, it was a bit awkward at the end. We ordered cheesecake and creme bulee for our two birthday girls and out came 2 bread puddings. When we told them the items were incorrect, our server replied, "Well, we ran out of cheesecake and creme brûlée." Um...what? Then shouldn't you have given us a heads up before bringing out something completely irrelevant? Who allowed you to make that decision on your own when we are the ones paying for it? We ended up leaving half of the desserts behind because it wasn't even something we wanted. They didn't even comp it at the end, even though we didn't order them!! How absurd. 

Overall I think I would come again for a regular meal but wouldn't depend on these folks for a special occasion.
That squid ink pasta is something else. I can't get it out of my head. Remember the scene in Blue Valentine where everyone was sad? 

Well, this dish will make you feel the exact opposite of that. It is so transcendent that I actually really forgot about that heartbreaking scene with the daughter until right now this very second. Now it's back in my memory and my day is ruined. 

Welp, I digress. They have other things on the menu that are pretty darn good. Bardot is what happens when Vernick and The Ranstead Room have a glorious baby who grows up super hip in NoLibs.
Bardot is great great great. Great bartenders, great servers, great food, great happy hour specials, great atmosphere, great location. They've got the burger.. and it's really awesome (and typically cooked perfectly, I've had it a few times). They've got fancy more expensive food, and that's awesome too. We live in the neighborhood and were psyched to find out that it's living up to expectations. We just hope it catches on enough to stick around for awhile.. part of that is just that people don't know about it and it's a little off the beaten track.. Being Dennis Hewlett's new place (he's known for the P.O.P.E., also great in that divey with great beer kind of way), I'm guessing he's waiting for word of mouth to spread. 

And to the guy who posted the review about the burger not being cooked enough for you.. why wouldn't you just explain it to them and ask for a new one? I mean, they're pretty awesome and I'm sure they'd have made you a new burg. It wasn't like there was anything wrong with it.. Just relax buddy. No need to rip on the reputation by Yelping about it.
My first time here was for brunch one random winter morning last year and the place was totally empty, which made my brunch nice and intimate. The mimosas were more OJ than champagne (boo!) but still pretty good. I ordered eggs benedict with arctic char - which I wasn't really a fan of, but I think its because I found out later that I am not a fan of hollandaise sauce. The side salad was TOO good - I would have had that for an entire meal. Also, the fries. THE FRIES - get them. They are so good. The second time I went, I got an omelet, which was pretty delicious as well. 

Take home message: This place is great for a once in a while meal. For brunch, I definitely recommend café la moude, which is a 5 min walk away.
Tucked away in an unassuming alley way of Northern Liberties, Bardot Cafe is a quaint joint with some pretty great happy hour specials and many friendly faces. I'm new to Philly, and this was my first adventure into Northern Libs at the suggestion of my new friend, Rob (Follow his blog, facebook, insta - @robs10kfriends). 

I'm always super excited to find a happy hour that extends beyond 6 pm, and Bardot's is 5-7 with a handful of $5 appetizers and all drafts 50%. The draft list is a mix of local and craft beers. I chose a watermelon wheat beer, and it was delicious and refreshing (and also only $3.50 during happy hour!)

I'm not exaggerating when I say that you would miss Bardot if you blinked, because I almost did (and what a SHAME that would have been!) In fact, I had to take a few seconds before walking in because it was so quaint, I almost felt like I was walking into someone's home. The bartenders were super kind and accommodating which I really appreciated. The vibe is dim-lit and cozy, maybe even *dare I say*...sexy. Granted it was a Monday when I sauntered into Bardot, but there were maybe only 6 other patrons in the place. This made it super easy to have a conversation. Perfect for a date, and post work happy hour, or a solo adventure. I could see me coming here and setting up my laptop and chilling for a few hours. It's just a super comforting environment.

When I left Bardot, I immediately texted my friend to tell her about it. Safe to say I'll definitely be back.
Great beer list, great cocktails and really nice wine selection, very reasonable pricing.  We ordered the octo, steak tartare and both were awesome.  My girlfriend ordered the mussels special, which was also awesome.   
Now here is why this place gets 3 stars.  I ordered the burger, sounded awesome, heard good things.  It came out and looked great, I took a bite and spit it out.  It was easily the saltiest thing I have ever been served in a restaurant.  Not just salty but salty beyond being edible for anyone.  I made my girlfriend try it just to be sure and she spit it out as well.  I sent it back and the bartender was very accommodating and apologetic.  He asked if there was something else I'd like but I wanted a burger so I gave it a second shot.  Having worked in kitchens for the last 8 years I know what happens if something gets sent back.  There is usually a mad rush to get a replacement out ASAP.  Well the second burger came out a few minutes later, first bite was great, second bite and upon examining the middle I noticed it was just charred on the outside and raw in the middle.  Cold and raw.  I really didn't feel like waiting for a third, so I ate the fries(which were great) and the outer edge of the burger which was probably not the best idea, being that I woke in the middle of the night and have been suffering food poisoning symptoms for the last 2 days.  Was it for sure the burger ?  Maybe not, but there is a good chance it was.  
I will go back to Bardot and give it another shot, cause the rest of the food was great.  But I don't think I'll be ordering the burger again.
Three and a half stars and three words: brunch happy hour. What an amazing idea. We got to Bardot Cafe on the earlier side of brunch (11am) and enjoyed three rounds of $5 Bloody Marys. Five dollars! And they were quality Bloody Marys, too. Not too tomato-ey or spicy, just the perfect mix.

The food: super rich, which I think would be good for hangovers. Since we were catching up on our drinking that morning, it just left me feeling a bit greasy and lethargic. My favorite was the pork belly biscuit, which was decadent and delicious. I would not recommend the octopus.
I love this place hard. Especially for brunch. Next for cocktails, but also for dinner. 

There are so many wonderful reviews for this spot and I'm going to say many of the same things: great space, great staff, great menu, and and great cocktails. Such a lovely, tucked away NoLibs spot that I hope they stay here for a very long time. 

One menu item I have to call out is their Eggs Benedict. The most perfect poached eggs I've had anywhere in Philadelphia and wonderful, fresh, rich and lemony Hollandaise. In a neighborhood of great brunch spots this is one you need to check out (plus, no wait!).
Ok. We had really high hopes for Cafe Bardot. Yelp reviews were pretty good--but oddly the most recent one was from October 2015, a bit long ago. From the outside, and the inside, it's exactly what you want to see--a small, hidden gem, on a side street, with a nice bar, great lighting, good music and a special, fun side area with curtains, to hang out and drink in private. And then, it all fell apart.  There's something wrong with this restaurant, as we were told, with "staff issues".  That may have been the reason why it took 25 minutes for one of our party's drink to arrive well after the other ones were--and, oddly why there was only a bartender, a barback, and a hostess (no wait staff) to handle the whole place. But that was just the beginning of a night of total failure unlike we have seen, ever. We knew something was up when we were told that it would be 45 minutes to an hour for food to come out, even though the restaurant was 1/3 full (about 15 people).  Then, we saw a whole table get up because they were told about food not even being able to come out--and they left right in front of us.  So, we ordered more drinks to wait it out--but even then, they took forever again, sitting in view at the bar, until finally one of our table just went up and got them.  Something was totally wrong and so we finally had enough--after watching an incredibly valiant hostess fight back tears to try to explain it all and make it all good. And so we left, 90 minutes after getting there, with the most difficult time ever getting drinks to the table, let alone any food.  So, until this restaurant gets itself fixed--check before you go--beware.  Don't get me wrong--this little gem has incredible potential and probably was something wonderful before. But something is wrong when a restaurant less than half full can't even get food out (with a very limited menu) or drinks up (beers!) in any kind of timeliness.  I was so mad, I wanted to find out the owner's name and call them up and ask--"What's going on with your restaurant?"--"You're blowing it."  And then, we gave up, and we left.  And just to be clear--we're not people that really complain a lot and we gave it every chance.
This is a great chill place to grab a drink with a friend or to catch a game. Rare for a chill sports bar, they have a long and interesting list of cocktails available, ranging from fancier concoctions to $4 mind erasers, which I believe is kahlua and tonic. Solid beer list, too. 

The space is dark, dank, and covered in string lights. It has a perfect neighborhood bar feel. They have a long bar to sit at as well as tables and booths off to the side room for dining and a pool table in back. The burger and tatet poutine (!!) hit the spot. On the night we went, above the pool table they had a large projection screen showing the Sixers game, and when they took down Lebron and the Cavs, they blared the sweet disco funk sounds of "Here Come the Sixers." Awesome.
Six small wings for $10?  When asked if this was the half size order due to the small portion amount, a cook came out to the bar slamming down a single wing to complete a grand total of seven small wings for $10.  Thanks for the generosity guys!
I was out with my boyfriend in the city and needed to get out from the cold. We ended up ordering a ruben and we both ordered the cinnamon teas. The food was amazing but the service was horrible. 

The bar was empty besides a few others and we were taking our time and curling up to one another. The waitress served us and quickly pushed us of the door into the door without letting us enjoy our meal.

No matter how good the food is when you're unable to enjoy a quiet evening with the person you love it completely destroys any respect I have for a bar that prides itself on atmosphere. I suppose next time we'll act like an Amish couple and sit across the table staring at one another showing no affection what so ever.

If you're a couple looking for a romantic night, avoid this place. You'll only get 15 minutes.
Definitely my favorite bar in town. Their happy hour can't be beat- 50% off beers, including growler fill ups, and food specials between 5:00 and 7:00 and week nights. Their food is delicious, bar tenders are friendly and outdoor seating is a plus.
It's a blessing and a curse living near this place.  It's a great cocktail bar/restaurant that blends into it's residential surroundings on Poplar St.  I've been here for nightcaps before and finally got a chance to get dinner here the other day.  As another Yelper mentioned, this place is a hidden gem.

The interior bar is dark and intimate, with a few lounge areas, as well.  Definitely a great spot for a date or a close catch-up with someone. 

All of the people who work here are friendly and courteous, and they make some really delicious drinks.  Their beer list is fairly small, so don't come here expecting to find a large selection on tap.  However, the beer is pretty unique and you won't find your standard beers here - so try something new!

Their menu is relatively small, but it's constantly changing and everything looks/sounds amazing.  I've had a couple of items on the menu and the food truly is fantastic.  For starters, they had a special of sunchokes that were grilled and topped with some salt and some other seasonings (blanking on what else was on there) and they were extremely tasty.  If you've never had sunchokes before, it's a very hearty/meaty vegetable that is surprisingly versatile.  Picture an artichoke infused potato.

For dinner, I ordered the risotto and it was fantastic.  The risotto was cooked to perfection and was slightly creamy.  I added a little crushed red pepper to give it some spice.  My friend ordered the veggie cutlet sandwich and that was great.  It was surprisingly huge, so you have to push down on the sandwich, but thankfully the ingredients don't fall out of the bread.  Their kaiser bun is flaky and not too chewy, and the chipotle BBQ is a perfect complement to the sandwich.  I'll definitely have to get that the next time I come here.

Overall, an awesome place to come to for drinks or dinner - you won't be disappointed!
Bardot Cafe is so super sexy! Definitely put it very high on your list for a date-night! I kept looking around at the velvet paisley wallpaper, ornate lighting fixtures, beveled mirrors, and all of the twinkling candles! There were so very many! Oh, and of course you will get your fill of photos of that blonde bombshell the place is named after too! This place has all the cozy, intimate vibes. Ambiance on point 1,000%. 

We came here with a group of 6 women on a Friday at 7pm. We made reservations but the place was fairly empty when we arrived. After tasting what Bardot had to offer I couldn't imagine why. 

Our oh so adorable and handsome waiter (can't remember his name) was very attentive and extremely helpful while I looked over the menu. I had so many questions regarding ingredients and what he didn't know off the top of his head, he found out immediately for me from the kitchen. They actually made a few dishes especially for me and my veg ways! I mean, they really went above and beyond to cater to my dietary needs as their menu normally isn't very vegan friendly. Vegetarian yes, vegan, no, but don't let that stop you. Simple ask! I indulged in the sprouts, Bardot salad as well as the beets, and some frites which were all made dairy free, just for me!! All were tasty, but I remember the golden beets being exceptionally good. 

All of the ladies in our party enjoyed every dish they had. I'm pretty sure our table ordered and split one of each item on the menu....Charcuterie, lamb burger, wild mushroom risotto, sea bass and coulette steak were a few I remembered. Lost of "oohing & ahhhing" from our party. I do notice some changes to the menu. Perhaps they change out a few items seasonally? 

Cocktails were very creative, strong and extremely reasonably priced! I first tasted the 'Lola' which was vodka, cherry, lime, ginger beer and rhubarb bitters. Very good! I then had a 'Little Solider' which was napoleon armagnac, apricot shrub, prosecco, citrus. I would recommend either for a lover of sweeter cocktails, but 'Lola' was a favorite. Man, do I love a cocktail with shrubs and bitters! 

 It's really a sweet little spot on a quaint side street in Northern Liberties. Parking was as you would expect it to be in the area so leave a little time beforehand if you have reservation or just Uber it. 

I kept thinking how much I wanted to bring my husband back as this spot is pretty darn romantic. Perhaps we will try the happy hour one of these days. It's Sun-Fri 5-7pm with $5 bar snacks, $1 off house wine, $1 off well drinks and 1/2 off all beer! 

Highly recommend especially for couples! 

Fab Philly Mom says: you're not going to want the kiddos here with you. Maybe for brunch, definitely not at night.
great spot !

i had a last minute birthday gathering here, about 20 people and we were accommodated with zero issues. 

we got free range of the area near the pool table and had a server but kind of ordered from the bar as well

most were drinking but i ordered food - the risotto was my favorite ! mac and cheese, salad annnd i forget what else but it was all good and came out super quick
This place is an absolute mess. Food and drinks have gone straight downhill. The staff is cocky giving off an obnoxious sense of entitlement, exacerbated by the owner's desperate attitude. The atmosphere smells of the same desperation. 

These guys will try to rush you to get full-priced drink orders right before happy hour/comedy specials, not honor the same drinks at the discounted prices, and cause a scene for tipping less than 20% the horrible food and service. Apparently the staff spreads false rumors about how each customer tips, and the owner is aware about and promotes it. Looking forward to when this closes and a new better restaurant opens.
Best cocktails in NoLibs/Fishtown/Kensington. I would go far as to say they are on par with what you would get at Franklin Mortgage or any of the other high-end Center City cocktail bars, and they are literally about $5 less per drink (most of their drinks are $9-12).
They also have a dark little nook with two victorian couches that is a great place to get cozy with a date. Highly recommended. But if you see me come in, GTFO I want my corner!
Gorgeous room, delicious food, well curated draught list.

Nice smallplates set up. Had two tartines and two small plates. The Tartines are 'deconstructed', so could just as easily been named "meat dips with bread", but I think tartine sounds prettier and the deconstructed allowed me to put as much meat dip as I wanted on the bread!
Chicken liver mousse tartine: Good mousse, but entirely elevated by the pickled carrots
Steak tartare tartine: Absolutely delicious, and don't even like steak tartare.
Shrimp: three heads on shrimp that were prefectly tasty
Cheese course: Jasper hills, cowgirl creamery, and I forget the last one, but all were nicely ripened with an appropriate accompaniment.

I hope it stays around!
A hidden gem in a sea of Northern Liberties bars. The Bardot staff is nothing short of personable, approachable, and knowledgeable! I've taken friends and family here and each time is better than the next. I've never seen it extremely crowded and the service is just always impeccable. The drink menu is awesome as they have crafted cocktails and a decent beer list! Let's not forget the half of drafts during happy hour! I haven't dug deep in the menu yet but the honey sriracha wings are well worth checking out!
Relaxed, classy spot. Friendly bartenders that care about their craft. Cocktails are named after French New Wave films - I don't know anything about film, especially French film, but the drinks are great nonetheless. Beer selection is also solid - typically 10-12 rotating craft drafts.

Long bar with lots of bar seating. Have never dined at a table, but generally have been able to grab a spot at the bar even when they're busy.

Food is tasty - some good bar snacks - I'd say it's half a step up from typical Philly gastropub fare... and you pay for that.
For a group of four for dinner this was an exasperating experience.  Inept servers who were unfamiliar with menu and provided painfully slow service in an uncrowded setting.  Pate appetizer was a tapas sized portion hardly enough for one.  A request for additional bread for this appetizer finally arrived near the end of the meal.  Beet salad was uninteresting with traditional red beets of no particular gustatory interest.  Past portion was an appetizer portion and diners left unsatisfied.  Bardotburgers, although sounding imaginative, were very traditional.  Excellent fries but that was it.  Be aware this is a BYOB (Bring Your Own Bread) since they do NOT serve bread at all.
this is a cute neighborhood bar! came by with some friends and had a great time. the service was attentive and fast. i got a cocktail and some shrimp quesadillas. both were great! can't wait to come back and try the other dishes
Great neighborhood bar that has really changed over the past couple of years. Used to be more of a stuffy brunch/dinner type restaurant but has now adopted more of a local upscale neighborhood feel (in a good way). Great food and cocktails. Always a really unique beer list with drafts that I haven't seen anywhere else. Highly recommend taco tuesdays.
Bardot Cafe is a sultry little restaurant in Northern Liberties. Dark and moody, it's a great setting for an intimate evening, whether you're on a date or a small group of friends.

On my most recent visit my partner and I shared the mussels appetizer which was very, very good. While I was happy to share, I could have eaten the whole thing myself. The mussels came with a few small pieces of bread. We ordered an additional portion of bread because the broth that the mussels were cooked in was so good. I lamented when the waiter took it away that I didn't just have an entire baguette to sop up the rest.

For my entree I had the salmon and my partner ordered the pork chop. My dish was good, but his was superior. On a previous visit I had a special, eggs en cocotte, which I also greatly enjoyed.

The service is nice and relaxed, just like the atmosphere. The place wasn't busy when we first arrived around 8 pm but did pick up a bit as we were leaving. I suggest checking Bardot out. If I know you, which I don't, I think you'll like it.
Came here for the first time with friends on a Saturday night for dinner. I had passed by the outside a bunch and always thought it looked cute. It has a cool atmosphere inside (decorated a bit for Halloween!), but had poor lighting I will say. The food however was delicious!! I had White Fish over a Spinach Risotto and an "autumn spiced" beer that I wish I remembered the name of!! Everyone else loved their meals as well and I would definitely come back to chill at the bar and try more of their cocktails
This is a perfect cocktail bar with a sultry and dim ambiance. We shared two delicious gin drinks, one was the bicycle thief, and the other was called contempt. Both were perfect and we really enjoyed hanging out at the bar and people watching in the lovely space. I would love to come back and try the food - it looks heavenly!
Was visiting Philly for the weekend and this place was a few blocks from our AirBnB. Surprisingly, brunch on a Sunday was pretty empty, but who am I to complain!

The dishes were pretty standard New American fare, but delicious overall and definitely good sized portions. There were some classic and also unique cocktails on the menu and a solid draft list that had me trying a bit from both sides of the drinks menu. 

The decor was really unique, sort of a vintage-punk-eclectic vibe with some really neat chandeliers (a giant octopus!) that made it one of those places you can be happy to just sit and look around the entire time you're there. 

Our waitress was extremely friendly and a pleasure to have - if I lived anywhere nearby I'd be here all the time.
Food was really good. We had a burger and the octopus. Drinks were just OK. My husband's martini was tiny, and was swiped by the waitress before he could finish it. My cocktail was pretty good, but still kinda small. I ordered a glass of Pinot Grigio next but they were out of it so I chose another white wine. That glass was really skimpy as well.

I will definitely go back and give them another chance but for a bar that just opened I think they should've been overfilling rather than under filling.

Atmosphere was nice and the service was good.
Just wow! Me and my boys stumbled into this place during Joeys bachelor party, and the rad bartender told us there is a secret shot on the menu called "isn't that fancy". I don't know what the fuck was in it but was on fire! Next time you're there ask for the secret "isn't that fancy" shot!
I've wanted to come to Bardot since the time we signed for a house couple of blocks away. Now more than a year later, we finally made it here for our pre thanksgiving dinner. We went during happy hours and got a place at the bar. It's your typical neighborhood bar with friendly customers and great bar tenders. I ordered the pumpkin beer and then the IPA which were both at a half off. Keep in mind, their happy hour is only for a few beers and 3 apps. I liked both the beers I ordered. They had a nice distinct flavor. We ordered the buffalo shrimp and Bardot burger which were both just about average. Nothing to write home about. Service was good and the entire place was very welcoming. I would like to give the brunch here a try but would definitely return for their happy hours because why wouldn't you want to walk 200 steps for half off beer!!
Just moved to the neighborhood & this is our new go to local bar. LOVE the vibe and HH specials. Great beer selection and amazing food.
I've been to Bardot many times and enjoy it.  Recent dinner was decent but I was disappointed with the chicken sandwich.  The flavor was good but the chicken was so small, it only covered 1/3 of the bun.  Most of the sandwich was just bread.   It was like they put 1 small chicken tender inside.  Not sure if that's the norm or what but it was a bit ridiculous.
Please work on your chicken sandwich portion Bardot!
Went there for the first time last night (Sept. 20, 2014), and it was great all around - very good food, perfectly prepared, nice wine list with decent prices ($7 to $10/glass), good service, and nice atmosphere. 

The octopus is indeed excellent, as was the saffron gratin dish, the eggplant dish, and a mussels-and-sausage special that was anything but ordinary.

The place is quite dimly lit, with a boudoir atmosphere - and yet not pretentious. Music is loud enough to muffle the noise from other tables, but quiet enough so you don't have to raise your voice to talk with folks at your own table.

Perfectly good for a romantic dinner, hanging out with friends, pretty much anything. A great addition to the neighborhood.
The beer list is excellent and the cocktails are finely crafted. The menu/food on the other hand might just be the best value in the city. I used to confidently give that crown to The Good King Tavern, but Bardot's flavors and textures assuredly approached me from behind, embraced me, caressed, and softly kissed the nape of my neck. When it comes to price point these are the best plates around.

Like others mentioned, it's very dimly lit and sexy. The feel of this place is lovely. If Emmanuelle and Torst (BK... most amazing beer bar in the solar system?) mated, Bardot would be their 3rd love child. (Definitely leaning closer to that of her mother's image)

Bottom line... Bardot is a fucking superstar. Go here.

PS - The chicken liver mouse is amazing. Like possibly maybe (yes, a blatant Bjork reference) the best I've ever.
I'm in fear and loathing of having to write a positive review for this place. I simply do not want other people to find out how wonderful it is. Unfortunately, I have to. I've visited on several occasions late at night for Drinks. The cocktails are creative, well crafted, and most importantly delicious. The staff is friendly and attentive without being overbearing. The Decour is fresh and new but not overtly modern, giving it a great old world feel. I have yet to make it in for a meal here but I look forward to the experience.

Also of note, there are two numbered pieces of art on the wall here. They are by Ralph Steadman who is also one of my personal favorite illustrators. His style is a bit different but it fits well in this bar.
Beautifully appointed bar and cafe in a quirky building (see pic) tucked into an odd intersection in Northern Liberties. 
French-inspired brunch was outstanding. Excellent Counter Culture coffee. Very reasonable pricing, too.
I had the mushroom omelette, which also featured asparagus and goat cheese. Delicious flavors and perfectly cooked eggs (no browning or burning, as so often in restaurants). 
Have to go back for drinks from the impressive beer, wine, and cocktail lists sometime.
An excellent place for a date.  Small tables, darker lighting, romantic.  My significant other and I came here for a late valentine's day dinner (and walked back in the snow).

We tried a few cocktails, I liked the weekend (a bourbon drink mixed with red wine).  There were also some specialty cocktails for the holiday that were very good.

We shared the pork belly appetizer.  This is a small plate, just enough for two to try the pork, served with a sherry glaze on top of peas.  The pork was perfectly cooked, I would love to see a pork belly dish as an entree.

I had the duck cassoulet.  It was served with kale in a cream sauce.  It was tasty, all the flavors worked well together.  She had the eggs en cocotte.  This was a pork dish served with tomato, feta, and egg.  This reminded me a lot of a ragu, the largest flavor in the dish was tomato.  It was pretty good, though much more her type of dish than mine.  

For dessert, the cocoa banana bread.  I liked how dense the banana bread was.  It paired well with the ice cream and the fudge.   

Service was great, I barely noticed them throughout the meal (which is perfect for a place like this).
Great spot with cool tile artwork on the outside. One of the best burgers I've ever had.  I have had a lot of burgers.
Staff was incredibly obnoxious. Came here with a friend on a quiet evening, only to have the bartender (or whoever it was) behind the counter cursing, being loud, and slamming his fist on the table. Someone's got problems.

There are a few other Yelp reviews mentioning issues with Bardot's staff. It's a shame because there are so many over-crowded places in NoLibs and in the city, and this location is a bit more low-key. See ya!
Thought I put my review  in apparently  not.  I want to say brunch  was excellent  here. I had the lamb en cocotte. It was so full of flavor, the lamb was cooked to perfection! Enveloped in a hardy tomato sauce  and feta cheese. Drinks were great not overly sweet I had a seasonal drink with bourbon, can't think of the rest of the ingredients. They also had a wonderful bread pudding  made from brioche  and pecans, like  warm buttery pecan pie! I would surely  go again! Service  was great! It's dark inside, which I like but just giving a heads up.
This. Place. Is. AWESOME! I am totally kicking myself for having just tried it.  We went there the other night with some friends for a birthday dinner.  The place was fairly empty as other Yelpers have mentioned.  But this was a nice change as most other places in NoLibs are always busy and very loud.  We all shared the bacon Tartine, the cheese plate and the sweet and sour broccoli to start.  The cheese plate and broccoli were excellent.  Great presentation and great flavors.  But the bacon Tartine was amazing!  I could have eaten only that all night.  I decided to go with the burger for my entree and as Zach mentioned it was one of the best burgers I have had.  It wasn't huge but the flavor was out of this world.  I would highly recommend trying the burger if you are a burger fan.  Everyone else said their entrees were excellent as well.  Please do yourself a favor and try this place out!  I will be back for brunch this weekend!
Bardot is my favorite bar in the city, I go a few times a month. The entire staff are super friendly and down-to-earth, which goes perfectly with their laid-back sophisticated environment. 

The Bardot Burger is the BEST burger in the city, highly underrated! Their cocktail's are also amazing. Overall, the place is a great date spot or a nice small social gathering.
Cozy bar around the corner of Poplar and 5th in NoLibs. Authentic French cuisine with excellent house reds and good whisky/bourbon selection. They age their own cocktails as well. 

Been here multiple times. Simple organized menu. 

Pomme frites are to die for. The Sherry glazed pork belly melts in your mouth. Their artisanal cheese plate always has some excellent cheeses. 

The Bardot burger definitely has a nice French twist to it. Very disappointed that the Arctic char came off the menu. 

Desserts are pretty good and inventive. Cherry Panna Cotta is a new addition which is definitely a spring dessert. 

Check it out!!! Parking can be a pain though.
My boyfriend and I had a great experience at Bardot Café last night!

We frequent the fishtown/nolibs/kensington area quite often, and I am always interested in trying new places to eat and drink. Last night we decided to go out for a late dinner and had Kraftwork in mind. When we got into the area, I mentioned to my boyfriend that I had passed Bardot Café a few weeks ago and thought it was cute, leading me to check yelp and notice its great reviews. After a little convincing on my part, we ended up here.

When we walked inside, the vibe was dark and romantic, with candles everywhere that illuminated the French-style tin bar ceiling. We chose a seat near the bar and our server promptly took our drink order.

I started with the "Shoot the Piano Player" cocktail (napoleon armagnac, citrus, pear, prosecco). My boyfriend ordered the double IPA on tap. My drink was pretty good- a bit on the sweet side but overall enjoyable. 

For dinner, I ordered the pork shoulder sandwich with fries. The pork sandwich was out of this world! The flavor profile was spot on- sweet, spicy, sour and salty. Perfect texture of the pork and bread- plus the red cabbage added a nice crunch. The fries were perfectly thin and crisp and paired perfectly with the red pepper aioli. I just finished the second half of my sandwich for lunch- it was amazing cold too! 

My boyfriend had the spaghetti noir- He absolutely loved it. I tried a bite and was equally impressed. You could tell it was all homemade.

I decided to try another drink - the Lola (vodka, pear, ginger beer, lime, cranberry bitters). This drink was, again, nothing I would shout from the mountain top about. It tasted like a well vodka cranberry. 

Overall I loved this place. Good vibes, great food and service, decent drinks. I will definitely be back!
My boyfriend and I love coming here. It has a dive bar feel, but the food is amazing. The wings are the best we've ever had in our lives! We usually get buffalo and General tsao's (my personal favorite). We've also ordered hummus, scallops, the quesadilla, Brussels sprouts, and the beet salad. It was all great. We also love their $4 Black Russian drink. Definitely would recommend - you won't be disappointed!
Easily one of the top 5 meals I've had in the city so far. The Pork Belly was delicious, and a perfect presentation of the dish. The Falafel was better then most middle eastern places I've eaten. The real star for me had to be the Chicken Liver Pate thoughl; out of this world.
I've been to Bardot a couple of times now and I really like this place.  It's dark & candlelit with a good beer & wine list (including a few wines on tap) and well made cocktails. Service has always been great. This may be due to the fact that the place is usually not very busy, which is a shame.  The food is very good.  The octopus was melt in your mouth tender.  My eggs en cocotte were comforting and hearty, exactly what I was looking for on a cold January night. They came with tender pork, tomato & feta. I ate the entire delicious thing. The prices are higher than the more gastopub-y places in the area, but the prices accurately reflect the type of food that is being served. 

They were playing Bjork and have a big Adam Walacavage chandelier in the dining area. Solid food & drinks. Great spot.
Haven't tried the cocktails or the octopus
That everyone raves about but five stars go to this:

The service 
The vibe/atmosphere 
But most importantly --- THE BURGER. So juicy, the meat doesn't make you feel terrible after, and it is cooked to perfection and EXPLODING with flavor. 

As a foodie, this burger is very simple but something that really stands out. Just get it. Seriously.'
Amazing. Food was perfect.  Me and my date shared a few small plates. It was really good. I recommend the liver mousse. The atmosphere was really nice and service was great.
Excellent food and excellent service!! Really Good cocktails & dinner menu and the brunch is delicious. I had the mushroom omelette and it was one of the best I've ever had. Will definitely be going back.
My husband and I came here 2/24 for happy hour and were ignored by the bartender. It wasn't busy but she didn't acknowledging us until we asked if we could order drinks. This was the same for food. We ordered a couple apps and they sat in front of us till we left. She seemed more interested in talking to her friends next to us. Never asked how anything was or if we wanted more drinks...the guy who was bar backing got most of the things we needed and even brought us our check?!? Really?!? We were giving this place a second chance since they stopped serving the steak we use to love (Coulotte). Its official: we won't be back.  

This really screwed up our night as this is where we planned on getting dinner...but left because the service was so bad. She was right in front of us when we left too ( talking to her friends ) and didn't bother saying bye. 

Never again.
We reserved a table for 10 people yesterday for brunch, and it was absolutely an amazing experience for us! The price was fair and the service was great! Food was delicious and pretty! Me and my friends had tons of fun dining at Bardot cafe, took lots of pics in and out of the restaurant. It was classic! Love it. Def coming back.
We were here on Wednesday foe happy hours. They had half off beers and $5 apps of the day. For apps we had option of chicken fingers and buffalo shrimp. We took buffalo shrimp amd for beers I tried Allagash tripple and my wife ordered Pumpkin Ale. Half of the beer menu was not on happy hour, indicated by 2 * next to the beer. My beer wss very strong with very mild flavors. Pumpkin ale on the other hand was very flavored and had nutmeg aftertaste. Loved it. Shrimp was a bit salty too my liking but well cooked.we ordered bardot burger. The fries were thin and crispy.  Burger was very juicy but a bit small in size. For the price I expected more from the burger.  They were very generous on the fries, I hope next yime they are a bit generous on the burger too. The ambience was nice. They had TVs begind the bar playing all games. There is a small seating area on the other side with dim lighting TV,  perfect for a date.
Overall a decent place for date, not the best place for happy hours.
What a gem!  I live nearby, so I had waited with anticipation to see what would fill the former Wino space.  

My wife and I got dinner -- we got the Falafel appetizer; I got the pastrami Reuben; she got the curry chicken sandwich.  Each was served with the pomme frites (French style fries). 

The Falafel appetizer was, and I don't use this description often - perfect.  The Falafel were tender, hot and tasty -- not the crunch, mealy Falafel that is sold cheaply.  And included amongst the hummus was a touch of pomegranate, giving what could be a run of the mill appetizer vibrant flavor. 

By the same token, the pastrami sandwich was tender and delicious.  

My only nitpick -- I think with the pastrami sandwich, steak fries are the way the go; large fries have a creaminess that the small pomme frites lack.  But I realize that "fancy" restaurants tend not to serve streak fries, so this probably won't happen.

With a first meal like that, I'm eagerly awaiting an excuse to come back for seconds.
Went to Bardot for lunch, and could not have had a better experience.  The atmosphere was pleasant and relaxed, service was excellent and the food was terrific.  The fries are to to die for, we shared as an appetizer.  Everyone at the table could not have been happier with their meal.  The salads were delicious with a carrot vinaigrette, extremely colorful and fresh. This place is definitely worth going to.
I'd like to say I've become a regular here. The bar area is great with good beers on tap and very friendly bartenders. What makes this place get 5 stars is their brunch. I've been here every Sunday for the past 4 weeks now and keep coming back because every meal there is fantastic. First time I was there for brunch I got the Cinnamon Raison French Toast. Amazing and such a huge portion. The maple marzipan is what made it so great. Next week was when I got the Classic Breakfast. Classic, simple, delicious. Then is was the Pork Belly Biscuit. My god that was the perfect meal and the perfect amount of food. Make sure you get everything in each bite. Come before 1 and you get $5 brunch cocktails.
Excellent food and drinks in an intimate setting.  I had the crab cakes which were a deconstructed and more thought-out version than the traditional.  I also had the octopus was the best I've ever had.  Beautiful and deliberate plating.  Drinks were creative and delicious.   I went with a large group, the staff was very accommodating, friendly and knowledgeable.   I loved that the space wasn't overly crowded as so many other restaurants in the area seem to be. Get in here before everyone finds out about this place, definitely a hidden gem.  Can't wait to go back.
First timer to Bardot and loved it - had the Octopus, Rabbit, Cauliflower and Bardot burger. Everything came out on time and was super delicious (Fries were ridiculous as well). Also. If you are looking for a nice cocktail - try the weekender.   

Highly recommended!
Cafe Bardot's decor whisks you to another time and place.  The food is eclectic and exceptionally well prepared.  My husband and I shared the rabbit crepe, the falafel, and the burger.  The burger was one of the best I've ever had.  We ended with a deconstructed cocoa banana bread - unique and delicious.  We will definitely come again.
Lovely. Great service, great vibe, and great physical building. Um, and these were the POPE owners? Awesome work.

The beer menu was intriguing enough to keep me ordering, and the cocktail menu looked great too. Although I could not tell from the menu description, the house-made pastrami made the reuben an obvious choice. Great meal, over. Succulent and thirst-quenching. Exactly what I want in a gastropub. Standard Tap? Your monopoly on Northern Liberties--at least to me--may be over.
I've been to Bardot twice and both experiences have been great. Normally, I don't like going back to the same place again so I can venture out and try new places but this place is worth going back to. Food is always pretty good.

Food we got:

-Bardot Burger
-Fried Chicken Sandwich
-Fried Zucchini 
-Mac and cheese
-Shrimp and grits
-Pork chop
-Cheese plate

Service: Good

Deor: Red and Victorian/bar

Recommend!
Holy crap. Sexy dark atmosphere.  Great neighborhood restaurant.  The fromage blanc tartines = amazing. Spaghettini noir was delicate and obviously home made.  Cannot say enough great things about this place.  New favorite in northern liberties.
My cousin chose this place for his birthday dinner. He previously went here on a date and loved it. He recommended we try the steak. It came with a nice cut up steak, potato salad and two corn on the cob! I'm a "well done" steak type of a guy, so in not into the mediums or the rares ( nothing should be bleeding) . The ambiance was amazing, this place is kind of hidden, not too many people know about it. The staff was wonderful enough to reserved my table without an actual reservation and even held a cake for me before we showed up. The drinks were STRONG ! Just how I like it ! Overall, not an expensive place if you want a great experience b
My second time eating here, I cant get over the French inspired menu. The mix of flavors on some of the dishes are amazing. I had the scallop special, scallop, in-house smoked bacon, and an apple-brussel sprout salad. A true manage-a-trois of flavors. Bridget Bardot herself would have eaten here. The beer/wine list compliments the menu with strong flavors and high %s. I recommend the Devil's Dancer. They have a very attentive and friendly wait staff. A great bar selection with cocktails that are assembled with the artistry and skill of the finest cocktail bars in Philadelphia. I highly recommend Bardot Cafe for any occasion, a first date, anniversary, or a regular Tuesday afternoon dinner. I will come back for brunch... Oh yes I will.
Local chill vibe with a friendly bar tender and a nice surprisingly spacious interior. While I only stopped in for drinks (pretty cheap for a makeshift citywide), the menu looks pretty intriguing and I'd love to come back for the sliders and ambience. There looks like there is enough room for medium sized groups to stand and sit at the taller tables and the bathrooms were clean. Wondering if they still have the pool table in the back.
I'll check next time I go!
Friendly, low key service, interesting seasonal menu with enough vegetarian choices to have a nice tasting menu (cheese plate, young greens salad, cauliflower gratin dish, eggplant panzanella), nice wine selection. The music playlist was varied and cool. Can't wait to come back!! What a great addition to the neighborhood!
Hidden French European gem..I love this spot!!
It's pretty open, spacious, laid back and plenty of friendly people to talk to. 
This is another one of those places that was recommended to me by a close friend a few months back.. but never stepped foot in until recently. The size is perfect-big enough, yet not crowded. An overall pleasant place to pop in for a drink and/or comfort food to unwind after a long work day!
Great bar, very nice staff and generally speaking a good crowd. This place is slightly off the beaten path but I've always enjoyed my visits there. If you ever find yourself in the neighborhood I definitely recommend. Don't expect anything too crazy but it's a good time
One visit, two orders: I got the honey sriracha wings and mushroom risotto with truffle oil and spinach and Parmesan.

The wings were not very tasty... Totally unpalatable to me that I almost sent it back but was too embarrassed to because I was there with my boss and her friends. Hands down one ofthe worser wings experiences I have had.  The texture was crispy which was a plus, but the sauce and flavor was very lackluster.  It feels like they took a brush and just ungivingly coated the wings. I've licked more sauce off my fingers at other places than they put on those 7 wings combined. I don't know if it's bad day or style, but I'm never getting those again.  It's literally not finger lickin good to me.

Risotto on the other hand, amazing. Texture is great - al dente and not porridge consistency. I highly recommend!
Cute little spot hidden in Northern Librities/Fishtown area ... it had a cool vibe to the place, the service was ok, the people who work here are very chill, & the food was average. I got the mushroom taco which was good and the shrimp taco which was ok... then the Bardot salad which was delicious! My friend ended up getting the wings and said they were a little too over cooked. It's a quick place to grab a good drink and bite to eat.
Below is a snippet from our Brunch review.  Check out HungoverInPhilly.com for the full review!

The Good
- Wonderful Decor/Very relaxed environment
- Great service & really good bartender
- Food was very tasty

The Bad
- Limited menu for Breakfast
- Meals were a little on the pricey side
- Parking can be tough due to its location (be sure to plan an extra few minutes for when you go)

The Review
- Food: 3/5
- Bloody Marys: 3/5
- Atmosphere: 4/5
- Price: 3/5

Overall Rating

3/5 - I'm going to end this review the same way I started it, by saying that when it comes to brunch Bardot Cafe is the one of the new kids on the block.  They definitely have a lot of potential with their already good menu and location, but I think still have some growing left to do in the brunch category.  I almost want to add an appointment in to my calendar to come back here in a little over a year because I know when we go back their brunch will be phenomenal!
Was a fan of the Lola cocktail, crab frites and Ray oysters! Never have had crab on my fries and wow, so decadent and flavorful! Loved the creamy sauce it came with. Presentation was nice in the little cast iron skillet. Very, chill and cool crowd for an early Friday night dinner.
