I was walking around Rittenhouse and I was carrying a painting, rushing a few blocks to work. I was starting to have a difficult time managing my load, so I looked around to potential businesses that I frequent that may have a bag they'd give me - nothing fancy, just a plastic bag, something cheap and simple. 
          I walked up to the counter, and when prompted to come to the register, I smiled and sheepishly asked, "Hi - I was just hoping you'd be able to give me a bag or something just so I can tote this thing a little better? I'm having quite a time...." 
           I was honest, apologetic, and submissive. And HER answer was, "I'm sorry, not without a purchase." 
            Now, I know what I was asking was not proper etiquette, but it wasn't as if I looked dissheveled (i think) or was being rude, expectant, or difficult. I said to her in response "NO? You really CAN'T?" and she repeated, "No, not without a purchase." And I snorted from behind a disbelieveing smirk and continued my trek to work. I made it there in one piece, and so did my painting, but my relationship with Barnes and Noble is now shattered, marred by the poor customer service of a persnickety Nurse Ratchet that was beind the counter that day. Good job, dudes.
One of the blessings about living in a city like Philadelphia, which is both large and very very old, is that there are a plethora of second hand bookstores scattered throughout. As such you can almost always find something you're looking for (sans new releases) without going to a major chain.

If you do have to go to a major chain, your primary choices are Borders Books at Chestnut & Broad and this Barnes & Noble location on Rittenhouse Square. Like everything on the park, this B&N carries a residual snottiness that I find a little pretentious, and so I don't go there often.

My first and biggest gripe is that on many occasions when I've gone in their front door security guard demands the right to check my bag. We have to get into this big conversation about profiling, the rights of loss prevention, the rights of private establishments VS the right to be protected from illegal searches/seizures, and I hate that. As a rule I avoid places that demand they check your bag because it is inherently sexist (they never check women's purses) and I find they target "certain types of people" to bother about it (usually including me.) The bottom line is private retail establishments do not have the right to demand upon searching or seizing your bag as a qualifier for allowing you inside.

My other gripe about this B&N is that the service inside ranges from extremely helpful and sweet to extremely skulky and rude. I visited on 5/1/08 to meet a professor friend who was going to sit in the cafe and grade papers. He was delayed and I ended up having half an hour to browse. To a bibliophile like myself, a half an hour of free time in a bookstore could lead to $500 in unexpected purchases. But when I feel like every employee is staring holes through my head while I shop, I mentally switch from shopping mode to "making a list of things I'm interested in so I can by them at home on ebay" mode.

On this visit I stopped by the info desk and there were two women who were extremely helpful. They offered to page my friend over the intercom, joking that the humiliation factor alone was worth it. They also directed me to the 2nd floor pay phone and to the cafe to get change to USE said pay phone. Lovely young ladies. Unfortunately we were interrupted by another security person - this time a woman who was clearly working in loss prevention - who came over and gave me a pseudo lecture/hard time about a stuffed animal I was carrying around (an item I had found in the store and had intended to purchase.)

In terms of selection, this B&N is really not that special - it has exactly what every other major location has. So really I have neither praise or pan for B&N in Philadelphia: it is what it is and it's what they all are, and anyone familiar with the chain should know exactly what to expect here.

By the by, at the cafe I got an extra large - excuse me, "Venti" - Italian Soda for $2.30 with tax. However, I marked the price range as expensive, because in today's competing world where newly released hardcover books are often severely marked down on Amazon.com or other retailers, B&N continues to have very high product prices.
I've been frequenting this location  for years
and I have seen some serious slipping  in terms of the cafe counter help..
The Baristas used to be top notch and culturally diverse as well.
I say this because only stopping thru when in town  yet being from Philly the changes in attitude seem glaring..
Example. 
I went to get a refill on a tea. No big deal right?
I was reading a great article and just wanted to get a refill.
I walked up to the counter and was met with a strange
glare that I shook off as the elders must make allowances
for the rudeness of youth. No problem.
I politely asked for a refill on a soy/ water tea..
She looked at me like I had 8 heads and asked me what I had asked for again
so I explained it again as she left me standing talking to myself.
She then was trying to explain the drink to the other counter person who seemed
equally confused so...
I walked over to try to explain and was told " hey
no reason to get upset"..
I hadn't said or done anything except to not look like them or dress like them?
I told them to just forget it as they acted more like arrogant sorority pledges than employees working to specifically make drinks.. As I left they both laughed with an air of flippant cultural and professional ignorance that made me so very happy that I am leaving for another country soon..
Spoke with the mgr and whilst speaking to me she took a step back.
About as culturally aware as G.Bush..
Nope, never got the tea and lost my desire for one.
Porsha & Alexis's laughter echoing off the cafe walls.
   I just asked for a refill on a tea.
I'm surprised they didn't call the police.
I will keep them in mind the next time I am asked
on tour to defend America's cultural growth.
So sad..
While visiting my grandmom in the city today she made a request for a couple magazines, naturally, I had no idea what the magazines she requested were so off to Barnes and Noble, because they had to have it. Since I don't know where to look for these mags I went straight to the customer service desk and the man working today knew exactly what I was talking about and took me straight to them, they were located in a place I wouldn't have looked. He was super friendly and very quick to help so he made my trip a cinch! 

I will agree with some other reviews that there is a homeless issue here, people cleaning up in the bathroom was a little strange for a bookstore and all the bags of belongings lying everywhere is also a little strange.  There is security on all 3 floors just in case there's need for it but it's still a weird look. 

I honestly couldn't be happier with the service I received today, they may not be a mom and pop shop but they can treat you like they are.
This Barnes & Noble, across from Rittenhouse Park, is pretty much your basic B&N. Three floors of good old fashioned reading materials, with a Starbucks cafe on the 2nd floor. Fiction is allll the way up on the 3rd floor -- thank goodness for escalators lol. And while I was shopping, one of the baristas was also passing out croissant samples! What service! And yet ...

In general, I found the selection of books to be a little bit lacking. I couldn't find a few of my favorite fiction authors -- some very well-known! I decided to go back downstairs to browse the magazine section instead, which was pretty well-stocked. I chose a few & sat down to skim through them, but I was a little uncomfortable with the handful of sketchy characters relaxing by the windows. Outside, there was some kind of protest, and people were chanting & yelling loud enough for everyone inside to hear. And when one guy sitting next to me started having a very heated conversation with himself, I quickly chose my magazines & dashed off to the register.

Yeahhh ... not so much. I'll try my luck out in the park instead. Moral of the story: buy your magazines & run.
I've been to this Barnes & Noble several times. It has several floors and security at the front door is there to keep any riffraff out (or anyone from bolting with a $200 encyclopedia, I imagine). On the second floor is a cafe (predictably called the Barnes & Noble Cafe) that provides a scenic view of Rittenhouse Square, and a place to catch up with a friend or study. (Need a restroom? They've got those.)

Besides the cafe, shoppers can obviously take advantage of the full volume of Barnes & Noble's library, along with their standard prices and discounts, to browse and purchase as one sees fit. Not a bad place to kill 10 to 60 minutes.
This store is just as winded and useless as it's Broad Street counterpart, except filled with more annoying yuppies in suede jackets and three hundred dollar haircuts...must be the neighborhood.

Unless you are into the latest fake-wanna-be-Buddhist self help book or the latest on Barack Obama they are utterly useless. It's a shame because I use to love riding my bike over to Rittenhouse,  grabbing a coffee and browsing what's new. Now whenever you ask for help finding something the staff either:

                 1. Gives you "the look" - like, ew why do you want that?
                 2. Gives you "the sigh" - like you're actually going to make me 
                      work, huh? I hate the stairs, even though they're electric. 
                 3. Give you the wrong section to look under, then you have to 
                      start all over again.

Sorry dude, it's your fucking job to help me so just stop flirting with that waif in the Prada jeans and direct me where I actually need to go. 

B&N is one of those bookstores that you can wander in for days trying to impress yourself with your Renaissance man type knowledge  in a hundred genres but when it comes to looking for something specific you're screwed. No one has ever offered to order a book for me, even though  it is quite obvious that they do so for other people since the "book search" shows, "Oh, that's a special order for someone." Well maybe I'd like to order a copy for myself now wouldn't I? No, actually I wouldn't - I'll just ride back down to Head House where the staff is actually helpful.
I can read a book before I buy, and also love the free wifi. It is also really nice to have a quiet place to sip a cup of coffee while reading your new book, so the cafe is helpful. I like that I can overlook the Rittenhouse Square park while reading. There are not so many bookstores that are still open, and I like this one a lot . (Although, since I got my ereader , I have been reading outside more & inside bookstores less) .
I love all BnBs because they sell books but I like this one because it is located in a convenient area and feels quite like a local bookshop. It's quite cluttered with books squeezed into every corner but it has a comfy feel to it. Also, the staff are friendly.
This quiet location offers a small coffee shop area, so you might need to wait for a table. But if the weather's nice, that's just mother nature giving you a kick in the pants to get outside!!
Nothing quite says welcome to Barnes & Noble like a security guard right at the door. One question: with those magic gates that are supposed to identify smuggled books as they leave, why do you need a security guard? Are the small book lights and Twilight bookmarks not coded for that system?

I have frequented plenty of Barnes & Noble Booksellers', in many different locations, and this one is a sad version of what it is intended to be. It looks like half of what it is supposed to be and I don't think it is because I am used to NY B&N. I only went in to use the free wi-fi (thank you for having this by the way) and when I got to the cafe upstairs, I saw that is what most people were doing. On my way up, however, I noticed the crammed sections, confusing layout and what appeared to be a lack of overall titles for a Barnes & Noble.

The cafe could not be described as clean although it could aptly be described as spacious. Sometimes it is hard to put your finger on exactly what irks you about a certain chain book store, but in this case, this B&N looks to be one that was not made as a Barnes & Noble build out, but one which was smushed into an already available location. On a high note, there were half as many people laying in the aisles reading books than I am used to.
This is a two part review, one part for BN and the other part for the Starbucks that's on the second floor.

BN: Very spacious store, everything is well organized. A couple of sections will rotate around a bit but it's nothing major. It's always well-stocked, very clean, and offers a great selection of books and magazines. The employees are helpful and curt, it's always a pleasure dealing with the staff here. I am grateful for at least one major bookstore still being around.

The Starbucks in BN: And sadly this is why I had to withhold one star. 

This Starbucks is such a piece of crap, holy mother of god. You go into starbucks knowing you'll be getting overpriced mediocre quality coffee or watered down tea with a shitload of ice, so no surprise there. However, they've taken to selling Naked brand juices for a whopping $4.57. At the *most* these retail for 2.99 at Wawa, and about $2.49 in supermarkets (bundle packs coming out even cheaper obvs). They do NOT put any sort of pricing indicator on these, so you're left to deal with it at the register. I politely asked the cashier to cancel my purchase, because to me it doesn't matter if you can afford it either way, it's ridiculous to pay that much more for a juice you can buy anywhere else cheaper. The cashier rolled her eyes, cancelled my order, and looked ot the lady behind me, not bothering to say have a nice day or any of that. She proceeded then to LAUGH with the woman behind me about what had just happened. The service here is atrocious. I don't know where they find these people honestly. With how bad the economy is, you'd think some people would be grateful to have a job. The service I have seen here is consistently bad. Girls are always looking sour or pissy, stomping around, mixing up orders, talking about other employees. Its a disgrace really. I honestly think Barnes and Noble would do better to make a partnership with a different coffee chain, one that actually employees happy baristas and has a real diverse coffee menu. Honestly, if you're hungry and want to read, bring your own food or drink from somewhere else because you should not be giving your money to some stuck up chicks who will probably half-ass your order anyway.
Way to go, Barnes & Noble, for still being in business (I miss Borders!), and still making it cool to read paperback books. This store is in the heart of Philadelphia across from Rittenhouse Square - in one of the best neighborhoods in the city. Can't beat the location. 

I was looking for a calendar in July (go figure!) and I ended up speaking to multiple service associates as they directed me to find the 18-month calendar section. Each of them, while uncertain exactly where to point me, where so friendly and helpful, that I almost didn't mind the fact that they didn't know where the section was! 

Barnes and Noble has a great coffee cafe, plenty of books, front door security, and three floors full of treasures from board games to giftable nick-nacks. 

I'm a fan. I'll be back again.
This was an a-okay Barnes & Noble - its on the smaller side with lower ceilings and nothing charm-wise to write home about. However, the star of the show is the fact that its located directly across the street from bustling Rittenhouse Square. What better place to pick up a book, throw down a blanket and read the afternoon away?

I did appreciate how you could quickly locate the top sellers and new releases upon entering the the store. I imagine the limited space makes it difficult to get creative with the layout and abundance of inventory. I will probably find myself here again due to the location and B&N gift card burning a hole in my pocket ;)
It's hard not to love Barnes and Noble, especially when it overlooks one of the most beautiful parks in Philadelphia.  Despite its Rittenhouse Square location, and the three floors of books, magazines and Starbucks-loving patrons, I always feel a bit cramped in this particular B&N, so I generally just go in, get what I came for and get out quickly. 

The cafe is bigger than your average B&N cafe and is always packed, probably due to the amazing window views as opposed to the coffee.  B&N has a great selection of books and I especially love their educator discount, which I take advantage of very often.  The staff is always super friendly and helpful and they always inform me of programs going on for students, which is pretty awesome.

While I prefer smaller, independent bookstores, sometimes I crave the atmosphere of a chain store like B&N, where you are basically guaranteed to find what you're looking for. 

Just steer clear of the bathrooms here - not the cleanest.
Just came back from a trip to Charleston and had learned that I do not really know as much as I liked about the Civil War. So I decided to get a good old book about it. Something for a nice general overview and not eight volumes with forty pages on Picket's Charge AND something with which I could fall asleep on the couch TONIGHT. And hey, I found just the right thing, but unfortunately the book was damaged and the cover torn. So I asked, whether they had a new one in store. B&N: "No." Well, I certainly wouldn't mind taking this one, if they gave me a discount. Now call me cheap, but, firstly, I really like books and I love to keep them in one piece and secondly I just believe that when I am entitled to get an undamaged one for the full price, why settle for a lemon for the same money??? B&N: "We can only offer you a discount if it is impossible to order it (checking...) and I can get it by Saturday or at least by Monday." (It is Tuesday night) Me: "Ehh, as I said I wanted to read it tonight..." B&N: "Then you have to pay the full price." So much about customer service. Thank you. Order the book? Will do, but from a company that features a certain South American river in their name. Sorry, but I have my principles and now I am grouchy.
UPDATE Wednesday: Bought the book at Borders without any trouble. Take this, Barney!
You know what? This B&N had a fond place in my heart until some cafe workers decided to take their bad days out on the patrons. They were chatting extremely loudly about how they hated their jobs (basically) and felt the need to come around telling us to leave unless we bought something. We had only been there for 10 minutes chatting, mind you. So my friend buys a cookie. The guy then comes back around and says "You need to buy something more or leave".... uh, wtf? 

Also, he only told off the Asian tables. What is this, racial profiling?
If book stores are measured by the amount of people that fill them then it baffles me why the Broad & Chestnut Borders closed down while this B&N branch is still open. But hey, it's not a comparison, it's a review of this B&N.

Books: Unfortunately their selection is large yet generic, geared more towards the "what's hot now". Granted, they do carry some gems and I still find myself spending hours on end browsing their sections but I also find that my knees really hurt after crouching for long times because unlike other book stores they don't have room to sit and sample the books. 

Cafe: It's a branch of Starbucks that operates under BN's logo, that said, who the hell doesn't brew bold coffee? Are you guys really that coffeegnorant? The food is nice and the selection and quality of their teas is amazing. 

WiFi: good luck with that one. The WiFi is free but also slow as hell, that's what happens when there are 75 individual IP's that use the same router. Do something about it! 

Staff: The staff is actually very helpful and knowledgeable; if you can find them or feel like going down to the first floor to the help desk. 


All said, it's still my favorite place to burn time and educate myself on new material.
Whoaahh.  This was the craziest B&N I've ever endured. When I first walked in, it seemed really small and a little weird to navigate. Then I noticed an escalator! Woohoo!  I looked around some more. Of course there's a Starbucks in there. The second floor was also kind of small, but alas....another escalator. I found what I was looking for on the third floor. 

It was pretty cool. I do prefer the setups of the other locations I've been too. Seems a little cramped and I did have more difficulty making my way around.
To me, there isn't a finer B&N on the planet. Four floors of books, coffee, magazines, all that... in a space that seems rather condensed. I've never expected to find something here that I haven't. Equally, they occasionally surprise me by what they do carry.

I love that Philadelphia has a bookstore across from its best park, and what that says. I never liked B&N growing up until I started frequenting this location.

The only thing I wish they'd do to improve is extend the magazine sections a bit... Tower always had the best, and somebody needs to compete.

Yes, Philadelphia has MANY great indie bookstores, and I can't underplay that, but this place deserves credit/recognition for its easy-to-find familiarity, great service, and extensive inventory.
So let me start by saying - bookstores make me happy. Barnes and Nobles, while a large chain and somewhat less inviting and cozy than a small quaint bookstore, lives up to my expectations. The staff are pretty knowledgable and the selection is massive so you're more than likely going to find whatever it is that you are looking for. I've had a couple of tough searches for obscure punk sociologists and philosophers and always found what I was looking for. The fiction section is pretty cool and I could spend hours just roaming up and down the aisles. The coffee shop is good for making those life altering decisions you're forced to make when your arms are full of books but your wallet isn't filled with equal cash. Overall this is my first stop when I'm looking for something in particular. If you're going for the atmosphere or to wander, there are some better (ie. smaller, quainter) bookshops in the neighborhood but the selection here really can't be beat!
I was excited to check out this Barnes and noble because I had heard they had a nice children's area. Instead it was a disappointment with rude staff to boot.

I had a stroller so I had to take the elevator up. I get to the area and there is nothing for kids to play with. Other locations I've been to have had train tables and things like that. This had a small table and chairs set and a Melissa and Doug latches board.. That's it.

My son immediately saw some matchbox cars he really wanted that were at his level. It was cheap and I planned to buy it so I opened it to give him one while at the store. A few minutes later an employee came up to me to tell me that I had to buy it BEFORE playing with it. Even though it was pointless because I had already opened it, but ok. I said that and she started arguing with me and was kind of nasty.

Here's the thing: there's nowhere to buy stuff on the children's floor. I'd have to take the elevator with my kid and his stuff down to the second floor, buy it, then load him back up and take him up to the sad third floor area. Clearly this system was thought up by someone who was not a parent, right? Everything was at the kids level and I'm sure kids must open stuff left and right!

I felt like I was treated like a criminal instead of a customer. I won't be returning.
Like any other bookstores, especially BN, the largest of all, they always have the best books and almost anything you're ever looking for is here.

Sadly I'm not sure if it's new or not, over the years it seems a bit different especially the cafe. There are a lot of homeless reading or napping on the tables nowadays. I feel bad about pointing this out but since the park is right across the street, they come here to buy a cup of coffee and pretty much stay the entire day. No one can blame them for wanting a warm space, I guess I understand. However this makes the reading environment less attractive. I now go here if I need something quick, or spend my time mainly downstairs by the magazines. 

Bathrooms on the second floor near the escalator
They don't cover up their outlets like other B&N's in big cities... so you can come in here and read a magazine while your phone charges. :)

Central location and lots of floors.  I stopped here for a book signing so they are good with events from what I can tell.
I was in a rare situation where I needed to see if I could get a book that day in store. Normally, I order online. When I walked in the Barnes & Noble, I was surprised that it was actually crowd.

Having no idea which section they might have put the book in, I needed to ask for help. This meant still in a long line that was moving slowly. When I was finally being helped, I learned it wasn't in stock. And that it would take at least three days to arrive in the store if I ordered it there.

Maybe I'm fondly remembering the past, but I can't ever recall having such a subpar experience in Borders. I was always able to find books on my own when in the Broders store. They also seem to have more services rep on the floor if I did have a question.
Awesome location, right across from Rittenhouse Square! There is also a library nearby but don't let that stop you from browsing here. 

B&N is huge, has about 3 levels, 2nd floor cafe. I love the B&N Classics collection... a bargain! I don't have any complaints about this store. It is like Borders on Broad, but with the nice plus of being near the park. I really miss this place.

I did have one creepy moment when I was in the computers section and there was a guy hiding back there reading an erotic novel and masturbating. I guess this isn't unlike walking around a library and catching people doing naughty things behind bookshelves, but that was the only time I was freaked out. So if you see a shady guy doing something like this, do what I failed to do and let an employee know!
I almost always shop for books at Joseph Fox Books around the corner on Sansom - an independent book seller, but I recently had to pick up a text, in a hurry, that Fox didn't carry. Calling B&N, they provided excellent customer service over the phone - running to the shelf and pulling the title I wanted, to be sure it was in stock. Since I was choosing between two editions, they were both put at the counter for me, so I was able to stop in the next day, examine the two, and make a choice. Excellent retail experience.
I always enjoy popping into this Barnes & Noble whenever I'm looking for a book that I'm too impatient for Amazon to deliver.

I'm always able to find an employee there for assistance, when needed, and the bathrooms are always clean, which is definitely a plus after coming from a long stay at the Rittenhouse Farmer's Market across the street.

Great location!
The store is great: well laid out, good selection, they don't move stuff around all the time so you get used to it and can find stuff. The cafe is fun, could be cleaner, people could be a little more considerate, but hey, that's not B&N's fault.
Nook -- absolutely miserable. Never get one! Did you know you are only licensing the books? You can't easily share them or read them any other way but on the Nook, which dies soon after purchase.
Gift Card, Membership cards? Excruciatingly mind-numbing corporate experience here. Avoid. Avoid. Go and have a coffee and enjoy a book or magazine and relax at the store. That is what B&N is best at, order bulk from Amazon.
barnes and noble is a readers paradise. while i usually prefer the small unpopular book sellers. i am nearly addicted to barnes and noble, from the comfy lounge chairs to the large assortment of reading material this place can take up your whole day. i also adore the fact that they sell tea(and coffee) inside.
this location in particular is worth going to especially on a rainy day.
Thier books written in Spanish selection has increased, but they need to add a better variety of topics.  Also, I didn't see (or couldn't find) any books written in Italian language.
I've been to Barnes and Noble before around South Jersey but this was my first time at this location. I had came in here on 7/23/16 since it was raining hard. Inside is ok, it's just as big as the one that I usually go to in Deptford, NJ. This store is close to Rittenhouse Square.
You would think after the physical store being closed for so long during covid the staff would be a bit friendlier. I went in there yesterday Sunday the 6th September, around 11am , the security guard at the front very pleasant, but I stood waiting at the customer service bit for a few mins , no one there, so went to look for someone. A woman ( white, dark hair) was wearing an id tag around her neck but nowhere clear did it say Barnes and Noble. I asked if she worked here, she rolled her eyes, lifted her Id. Yup love. You could be on your break from another shop. She was so disinterested in helping me find a book I walked away mid conversation.
Called 9:09, friendly guy transferred me to correct dept., gave name of book to friendly lady, one copy found, placed on hold under my name and waiting at cash register upon arrival. 

Arrived 9:38 and book was with friendly staff waiting to help me at the register. How awesome is that! Simple process and good customer service.
id put 5 stars if the older male security guard didnt creep me out. im a HUGE bookworm, i have a nook and am constanly in here 3 -5 times daily. even the staff recognizes me. so then why this older man following me around when all i want to do i read and calm down? i mean this man is full on LURKING!!!!, either way the staff is awesome. really laid back and understanding. they have even been nice enough to hold books for me past the 3 day rule. including holding my umberella after i had forgotten it in the cafe. and that was 4 hours later!!! all in all this place always makes my day....minus senior creeper!!!
I know it is better to vote for the indie guys, but let's face it, B&N might as well be considered an underdog with the way bookstores have died in the past 5 years.  I know Amazon is great and all, but maybe I want to look through a book before purchasing it and that doesn't mean looking at a jpeg of the front and back cover.  Maybe I want a friendly face to help find a book rather than a web browser.  Maybe I want a book right here and right now so I can enjoy the rest of my gd lunch break in the park while reading the latest and greatest.  Maybe I want to walk by a table of summer reading and joyfully remember that I once spent summers with Hester Prynne or the March sisters.  Maybe I want to look at the 20 different kinds of knitting magazines.   

Ok.  I am down off my soapbox now.
I receive a lot of books for the holidays as I am an avid reader. Unfortunately some of them don't come with gift receipts, and unfortunately some titles aren't my favorites. I went to this location last week during lunch (took two buses to get there too...) to return a book I didn't like for a store credit. I had done my homework: I didn't expect cash because I had no gift receipt, but I saw a book I wanted on B&N online and thought they could give me a store credit to buy it. At the register three people had to look at the book I was returning. At first I didn't understand why as they seemed overly suspicious. Did they really expect me to return a book if I had read it and worn out the spine? After quite a few minutes of their "investigating" they told me the book is not resellable due to some gunk from an old sticker. I honestly did not remember gunk on it and, caught by surprise, I didn't argue and simply walked away. Once I got back to the office I inspected the book to see what they were talking about. I had another book in my purse that used to have a sticker on it, so there's an area that has gook. Apparently the other book I was trying to return rubbed against it. All I needed to do was to wipe the cover with my hand for the book to be as good as new. I realize this makes me seem ridiculous. I should have checked the book in the store and put up a fuss. I agree. In retrospect though, customer service is customer service. They're in the book business. They often put stickers on their books. It's a time of returns since the holidays just passed. Did they seriously refuse me a $10.99 store credit for some dumb gook that came off with the wipe of my hand? RIDICULOUS! I'll be back B&N, you aren't going to win this one. In the meantime know that your customer service is pitiful. Happy holidays to you!
My spot for a last minute book needed for my book club. Great location, nice view of the park from the cafe, and friendly, helpful staff make this my favorite bookstore .
This is a giant chain bookstore, so if you're looking for Twilight or the latest Safran Foer, congratulations, you came to the right place! 

Peering beyond the large, too-bright, cookie-cutter facade, though, there is more to like here. The view of Rittenhouse Square from the cafe window is fantastic. Defying retail chain odds, every staff member I've spoken to here has been super helpful and even strangely, genuinely happy to help find a Latin translation or make a hot chocolate. With three huge floors, you can't really argue with the selection here - they have a lot of damn books (and magazines, and members of the ill-defined "gift" category).

I also see signs that this corporate citizen is involved in the community. They always seem to have a fundraiser going on for one charity or another, and during the holiday season, they invite local non-profits to wrap presents for donations. They supply all the paper as well as a little advertising on the overhead PA, making this a good opportunity for non-profits in the neighborhood to gain a few bucks and a little exposure. 

Now. What kind of person gets a present wrapped and doesn't throw a dollar in the donation box? Furthermore, what kind of person doesn't throw in a dollar, and then complains at length about various aspects of the free gift wrapping? At least 50% of the people I wrapped for yesterday. I guess that tells you something about the Rittenhouse B&N clientele.
Great bookstore! Always have what I want to read and is a good place to hangout. Why the A-OK review? It's always packed and the bathrooms are disgusting. Smelly and dirty all of the time! I guess BN can't help who goes in them, but there's got to be something they can do!
They wouldn't let me charge my phone while I was buying books for my daughter. That's right, save the $.15 but loose the lifetime customer!
This is one of the NICER locations, right in heart of Rittenhouse Square, very posh, huge inside, nice cafe , etc.has couple floors with security, Who knew? Guess you cant be too safe. Nice for college students to sit , read, study , get on their laptops, quite nice. Wish this was available when I was in high school, or college. I just had public library -so sad!! 
The personnel are helpful, huge assortment of books. Depending on genre you like, they have end displays with helpful suggestions or Book of month-great tips!! When I am in area, I like to stop at this one. Lots lots to see & read!!
I think this store is a big asset to Philly.  It's a pretty big store and there have been times when there has been a book that one B&N didn't have in stock but this one did.

Its vertical layout is a bit odd, if you're used to the big, expansive suburban stores.  It can take a little while to figure out where all the stuff is.  I don't necessarily think it's the most pleasant layout, but I understand it's hard for big stores to find good space in cities, and they have to work with what space they have.  The one thing I don't like about the space is that I feel like they don't utilize the window space well...like, they have a bunch of displays in the window visible from the street, but when you're inside the store, it's like the window isn't even there...the window is very much used up for all the external displays and you can't see out onto the street at all.

I also think the street in front of this store can get pretty filthy, and I think this reflects kinda poorly on B&N; this corner, occupied by B&N and Anthropologie, is among the dirtiest corners of Rittenhouse square.  I wish they'd clean it up a bit, like at least get some of the filth and gum up, and I really wish they would tear up some of the concrete in front of the building and put in some flower beds, and maybe a little more exposed soil around the trees so the trees could grow better instead of living in a sea of concrete...maybe add a bike rack because there is nearly always a shortage of places to lock your bike here.  I have no idea if these things are the responsibility of B&N or the property owner, but I feel like as a major retailer, the level of cleanliness and the aesthetic of the sidewalk in front of your store is something that affects you, so if they don't maintain it I'd like them to at least get on the case of the people who do.

So, yeah, this store wins on functionality and loses on feng shui and aesthetic appeal.  I think that I would want to come in here more often if I found both the interior and exterior of the store more inviting.  I think that cleaning up the street in front of the store, and rearranging the first floor so as to better utilize the window and natural lighting, would achieve this goal.
Before Borders shut down on Walnut and Locust (Moment of silence, please.) I was heart broken, assuming there was no where else I can purchase books or at least escape the chaos of the city. Odd as it may be, I love the smell of books and being deprived and starved of holding one, lo and behold; I stumbled upon Barnes and Noble in possibly my favourite part of the city. Everyone there is quiet and respectful and yes, it is on the posh side of the city. I cannot tell you the hours I've spent there, falling in love with characters upon characters, in my own little world without disruption. 

I never stayed at the Starbucks though, I find it unnecessary when there are so many books that have never been read, yearning to be discovered. I'm always here when I have the chance.
In comparison to Borders on Broad, Barnes and Noble is far superior (though only one star more).  Typically I find this BN to be quieter and less crowded...until you reach the cafe which is always packed.  The one aspect that is missing from it's suburban sisters are areas with comfy chairs to sit for hours and read before leaving empty handed.  The staff here has always been pleasant and happy to help when in search of obscure books. I can't recall ever noticing a music or DVD section...but you shouldn't buy those here anyway.  If you have the patience, order your books online, if you are aching for a novel, hit up this BN.
This is the only Barnes & Noble in the Philadelphia region (the one up in Jenkintown got closed), therefore it gets the bulk of people trying to buy books. This store has everything from indie writers to the mainstream ones, and you can pretty much find all of your textbooks in this store. They even have a little built in Starbucks so you can take your book in for free and have a coffee and a bite while reading. A really nice touch if you ask me. You can actually 'try it before you buy it'. Anyway, on the first floor there is a stand where they keep all the Nooks and Kindle Fires, so if you're techy and want to try them out or are considering buying one you have them right there. Free WiFi throughout the building with the Nook Stand downstairs and the Starbucks right above it (although it can be a little slow with the 100+ people in it). The Starbucks can get a little packed and they do not have any outlets to discourage squatters like me who will sit on their internet all day and not move. I feel safe here, but I wouldn't leave anything out on a table that can be snatched easily. Moderate noise, so not the place you'd want to get some studying done, but busy work is fine.

They also have a whole floor dedicated to Children/teens on the top!
It's a beautiful experience to be in a bookstore; especially one in the heart of beautiful downtown Philadelphia.

This B&N is a staple in the Rittenhouse community and we're happy to support it. 

Pros:
~Great hours of operation.
~Starbucks cafe upstairs.
~Fun events like LEGO building and book signings by folks like John Oates of Hall & Oates.
~Up to date with the latest book selections and pop culture fads.
~GREAT selection of LEGO Architecture sets and the only local carrier I know of.
~Beautiful view of Rittenhouse Square.
~Staff is friendly.

CONS:
~Clientele of the Starbucks cafe is often low-brow.
What to say about a bookstore? Yup, lots of books in here, and a decent selection! 

The starbucks inside is pretty good, make sure to get there early on the weekend if you're looking for a good seat! Free ATT Wifi, no one bothers you, pretty good!
Very nice book store with an impressive selection of product. Sure beats the ones out where I come from in the Midwest. Nice location too!
What can you say. From top to bottom Barnes & Noble present a great user experience. This location is especially nice because of the architecture and size of the building. Four floors packed with all the books you'd want, though not too much as to overwhelm. 

PERK: Park! Walk outside with your book and coffee, and you're in lovely Rittenhouse Square. Sit and read! Enjoy!
This is a nice, BIG, B&N location complete with a Starbucks cafe on the 2nd Floor.  B&N did a great fundraising event for my kids school - donating 5 to 10% of the days sales to the school.

A good place to kill time when the weather is bad - you can sit & read and have a coffee.
Yesterday I called B&N a hundo times because it was busy. No voicemail-- just one line that when it was in use it was freakin' busy. When I finally got through they helped me put the last copy of a book I wanted on a 24hr hold, however when I got to the store today (2 days before Christmas) I was very ready to walk out. The line was huge. But they had a zillion people working behind the counter and I stood in line for like 5 minutes. It was amazeballs. AND they had my book on hold. The woman was like "Thank God." Which made me suspicious that they're not always on point. But I appreciated her candor. They also had people wrapping presents for a donation and it was great. I still love going to the bookstore.
Can't say too much about this place...it's a B&N. Boyfriend and I came to meet his cousins and aunt. For the few minutes we were here, we checked out the discounted books. 

Being that it's in such a great location and right across from Rittenhouse Square, there's a lot of activity. 

The security was very kind and wished us a good day as we left.
This review is just for the cafe.  

The great thing about the space is that it's just a clutter of different sized tables for your various needs... tables for 2, tables for 4, shift them around and you could get 6 and maybe 8!  You have a slim shot at nabbing one in the afternoon, so you're better off getting there in the morning or post-evening hours.  It's a default study spot for me to stay for hours on-end.   

As for drinks, don't bother.  I want to say the only reliable thing you can get there is either a bottled beverage or a hot tea (which only requires you to throw a bag in hot water.  You can't mess that up for god's sake!).  I'm no big coffee connoisseur, but I at least know when things suck, and the baristas here get a big stamp of suckage from me.  Please B&N goers, save yourself that $4-5.  

Oh, side note - the bathrooms are pretty gross and don't be alarmed if you find someone washing their hair in the sink.  Cmon, it's Philly!
Store is what you'd expect from a B&N. Multiple floors, good selection and a Starbucks. However, the internet is painfully slow. As a place people go to for completing work, it's terrible and it was only half full both times I went. No excuse for a B&N and Starbucks.
Seems to have all the books I could possibly need.
They sell starbucks brand coffee and cheesecake factory desserts in their cafe.
Yum
Before the close, I was a Border's gal - I mean I never even stepped foot into a Barnes & Noble until Borders was packed up and gone. But eventually one must move on... I'll start with the location, absolutely fantastic - especially if you happen to be in the Starbucks on the second floor - great view of the park. However this is unlikely as this bookstore is typically PACKED (free wifi, open outlets, heat/ac, etc). If you were to order something from the Starbucks (which I wouldn't recommend - every order I've placed here has been messed up in some sort of way), you probably won't get a seat so that view I mentioned - enjoy it while awaiting your order. 

Moving on... The layout is kind of all over the place and a bit cramped. I also wish they had the computers for patrons to use to search a book and find it's location. I always feel like I'm bothering the employees asking where something is located, only to find out they don't have it in stock anyhow.

On the plus side, they have a public bathroom, cute knick knacks, and the greeters are always super friendly.

UPDATE: They have a 3rd floor! It's a real bookstore after all. +1 star!
The past two times I've been in and purchased something, there has been an employee being rude to another employee right in front of me. Just be kind.
I've come to this Barnes & Noble to get away from my apartment and do some reading. The Cafe area (floor 2) is nice, but it can get really crowded really quickly! So be warned, but there will always be at least one small table open. It's a cozy atmosphere for reading/relaxing/maybe semi-serious studying. (Personally, I would get too distracted to actually study for serious). 

But overall, great place to grab a cup of coffee and read something!
It's a very solid bookstore. The location right on Rittenhouse Square is great, and the cafe has a fantastic view of the park. The selection is good, and it's a nice atmosphere, but it's quite expensive. Because of the bustle, it's not a place where you can settle in and read for a while in a corner, but it's a nice place to come get some work done or check out the latest selection.
Helpful staff.sometimrs yes sometimes no.i dont want a BFF love fest but have felt like i was bothering the help on the second floor when i needed some direction or specific answers to book questions.
We do love it here though.My son and daughter- in law and family enjoy this location near the square. 
Love the sale tables
The place to go when searching for something to do on a rainy Sunday. Grab that book you've been meaning to read and settle in with your favorite beverage and pastry. For me it's a green tea and biscotti. No one minds how long you stay, and if you glance around at what others are reading you can find some titles that you might not have considered. You can also glance around and find some body you might like to consider.
Scoring a power plug at this café is like securing a Manhattan parking spot.  That being said, B&N offers free WiFi, courtesy of Death Star.
Nice view of rittenhouse square.
Decent snacking options.
Plus, if you feel fried from typing all day, you can take a gander at the, ahem, Kama Sutra books on that floor.
Awesome bookstore- three stories, books from wall to wall. Great layout, friendly staff and a Starbucks on the second floor.

Perfect location in CC- next to Rittenhouse Park. Pick up a book and read in the park.

Not five stars because I cant find what I am looking for half of the time.
Just went to the Barnes and Noble an jour ago and bought 15 books. Cashier dropped my books and handled them roughly. Just took my books out of the bag and one is completely destroyed !!! How the cashier handled my books. Never told me she destroyed one. This is how I find one of the books I bought after taking them out of the bag. I am so disjointed and mad !!! It looks like an old garage's sale books ... but I paid for a brand new one. Shame on you !!!
I was hanging out at Rittenhouse Square Park and was getting thirsty. Saw there was a Barnes and Noble store (usually has a Starbucks) so came in to get a drink. Very disappointed with the staff presentation and uncommon Starbuck Barista personality. The line was two people long, and  the wait was 15 minutes ! Too long! Barista was upbeat but the cashier wasn't.  They also added sugar to my strawberry lemonade... guess you can't expect Starbucks service in a Starbucks Cafe within a Barnes & Noble!
First off let me say I have been going to this book store since my children where young the youngest is 20 now and today we where for the first time asked not to sit on the floor sitting on the floor is a tradition also the saleswoman was very aggressive and condescending. I believe her behavior was racially motivated since there was a white man also reading on the floor that was not asked to move. We really are living in the saddest times when a Black kid csnt catch a break at a bookstore
I love this location, and I would say the employees are some of the best I've ever met. The lay out of the building is a little strange, and feels a little tight- but they always have the books I am looking for, and the cafe / seating area is pretty spacious if you go during the day.

In the evening and afternoon this place is packed full of people- the weekends are much worse. If you would like a place to sit, I suggest going earlier in the day.
I am not a fan of this location at all! As soon as you walk in it feels small, floor looks dingy and it stinks. The first thing that came to mind was dogs? Rittenhouse park is across the street from this store and alot of folks come into the store with dogs in tow. And you can definitley tell, you notice the dog smell as soon as you walk in the door.

And to top it off this location has a cafe which sells pastries and sandwiches. The board of health should be notified about this. I have never in my life been in a Barnes and Noble where they allow dogs inside. Unacceptable will not shop here again for this reason alone.
Honestly, we went to Barnes & Noble to pull a very "New York" move: we needed a bathroom and we didn't see any Starbucks in sight. Ha!

Luckily, we were good and honest people and spent some time browsing the selection as well.

This B & N is a fairly typical multi-level store, well-stocked, clean, with lots of people camped out of the floors reading books about sex, food, and religion. The B & N Cafe on one of the upper levels was sizable and overlooks Rittenhouse Square. 

Overall, it's not too overwhelming and a good place to pick up some reading materials or to get your browse on.
