I ordered the breakfast pizza with truffles ( not truffle oil, actual truffles ) and I didn't notice that it had prosciutto on it so I asked our waiter " Jimmy " if it was ham and he saw that I wasn't happy. My friend explained to him that I don't eat pork, and he kindly offered to replace it, even though it was not an error from his side. Great customer service! And now that I'm happy I truly enjoyed my delicious and crispy pizza.
Four and half Yelp!
ICK.  Not sure why there are such high ratings.  At best this place is a 2.5.  I agreed to come here based on the decent yelp reviews but YELP FAILED me!!

Service 2 stars: probably worst service I've had in a long time
Food 3 stars at best

I came here on a Saturday evening with a party of 4.  We had reservations at 6:45 yet were left standing about 20 minutes until we got seated.  We were offered 4 consecutive seats at a bar initially - thanks for the sentiment, but no thank you ... we have a reservation for an actual table...?

We were finally seated on the 2nd floor - we were able to scope out the dining scene in the whole restaurant during the walk up.  There were a bunch of empty tables .... so I was left wondering, why did we have to wait so long again?

The service - our Stanley Tucci lookalike was the WORST SERVER.  Maybe he was off his game but he mentioned bringing us bread about 4 times before we actually got any.  It took an extraordinary amount of time to get simple beverages.  My friend ordered the Cello of the day- he came back about 10 minutes later saying he had to wait from the bartender to see if they still had that flavor.  Isn't it simply a "Yes we have it" or "No we don't" when it is ordered? 

When we finally got our bread the accompanying dipping oil arrived when half the bread was gone - Thanks we didn't know it came with it.....    We felt like an afterthought.  There was a party of about 10 seated next to us who was on their second helping of bread before we even got our one and only basket.

Lets move on to appetizers- I got the Arancini Balls and our friend ordered the Calamari.  WORST ARANCINI BALLS EVER.  They were lukewarm, not cheesy, and pretty sure the frozen ones from Trader Joes would school the heck out of what we were served.  My friend ordered the Calamari  - which interestingly enough was served with fried peppers that were cut and cooked to look just like the calamari - Maybe Stella Rossa thinks this is a genius idea but it's actually really annoying not knowing if you're about to bite into a calamari or a pepper.  Rethink this one.  PLEASE.

We finally get our entrees - salumi pizza, chicken parmagiana, gnocchi bolognese, and the pasta with lump crab.   The pizza - it had potential but was undercooked- the crust was soggy from the get go.  Who wants to eat fresh soggy pizza from a place that is supposed to have good pizza? Nobody.  My gnocchi bolognese was more of a ragu - with shredded meat.  If i had known I was going to get shredded meat I would have ordered something else.  The gnocchi itself was good.  I didn't taste the chicken parm or the pasta with lump crab but it did not look all too impressive (I think Olive Garden has got this place beat).

Lets go back to Stanley Tucci lookalike server who starts grating cheese onto my friend's entree and ends up dropping the ENTIRE handheld block into his chicken parm.  He said sorry..... offered to bring some club soda (to soak the stains on my friend's shirt)... but didn't offer to bring a NEW entree that hasn't been contaminated by the handheld (by how many hands who knows) cheese?  GROSS.   Add to that at least 3 additional times when asking if we want additional cocktails or coffee the server would keep joking about how he wouldn't drop cheese on it.  NOT FUNNY.   He could have redeemed  himself a little by offering something up for free- maybe some free coffee or free dessert but he didn't even offer us dessert while we saw him showing off a tray of goodies to the party next to us. 

I wish I could take this evening back and have gone somewhere else to spend my money and appetite.  I made a special trip to Philadelphia and this was a horrendous dinner.  I will NEVER go back here.  Pick some place else - you won't be sorry as there are much better dining options around.
(to the tune of "Complicated" by Avril Lavigne)

Chill y'all, why you stressing out?
Relax, try not to scream and shout. 
And if you would only try a spot
That's not "too hot"

You'll find, you get a rez quite quick,
For food, to your ribs it will stick
Barra, it fits the bill, the food will come
And please your tum.

Don't have to fight,
Rezzies 10 at night,
You're trying to get
Zahav, something like that
You've gotta be cool,
Don't be a fool you see
You're hangry

Having dinner in Philly's not complicated.
I see you sending Resy reminders to yourself, getting frustrated.
Sometimes, it works like this
You call, and you call, and you call
And you find out that they've got nothing til next year
Honestly, sometimes you just need a nice meal, so take it.
Barra Ro (ssa).

This is to say that Barra Rossa is NOT the best meal I've had in my life. It didn't change my view on food, or drinks. But I did get two courses and shared two bottles of wine with my table of five for under $50/pp. The service was totally fine. The mozzarella was delicious (though I wish we'd had more of it, some of the photos people posted made it look like we were going to be feasting on sticks - they come as 4 triangles per order). I tried the pizza and one of the pastas, a friend got the gluten-free pasta and really enjoyed (it's one of the "safest" spots if you truly have a gluten-sensitivity or allergy) and everything was a-okay. 

I'm in no rush to go back, but considering we needed a Saturday night rez for five on short notice, I was quite pleased with the result.
This restaurants ad came floating across an app on my phone and it offered discounts so why not try it out. It also had a fairly decent review on yelp which kind of solidified a reason to go. I was going to a movie at Center City Philadelphia, this particular restaurant was within 10 blocks so I gave it a try on a Monday. I'm glad I tried it. Because of the rain I was able to easily find a safe parking space within a one block. I mentioned Monday because they have a great special of, half of pizzas on Monday all day. There are so many choices that it took a little time to pick one that was just right. I had to make a quick choice, several pizzas flew past me that belong to others and my mind was changing rapidly. In the end I was pleased with my choice of pepperoni with sausage, it was delicious. As for the restaurant itself, the bar/restaurant had a nice  crisp and clean wooden decor.

My concern with this restaurant is the service not that it was bad it was just inconsistent and slightly dismissive. It lacked fluidity. When I arrived three people were standing at the host stand without really acknowledging me. It took a minute and I was given the 'will be right with you' by someone who was basically passing through. But I was quickly seated. However the bar staff doubled as the server.  My server was friendly but in between bringing me my beer and placing my order she was doing a lot of filling bottles and other task instead of taking my order or just bringing me my beer. When I ordered my beer she went back to the bar and stacked glasses etc. I was one of six people in the restaurant so they weren't crowded enough for any type of delays and service! But I will try it again on a Monday. I love pizza and it was delicious. The pizza had a nice thin crust without being too crispy. a great flavored sauce without being sweet, plenty of meat and cheese for half the price I'm in!
Had a great meal. They managed my gluten free needs easily. When we realized we had left something behind they agreed to mail it out to us. I will definitely be back.
I honestly do not like or ever want to give a restaurant one star, but my experience here tonight was pretty disappointing. We came in for Jeff-night for $5 pizza but found out the specials had changed. Instead, our waitress informed us, they were doing half off appetizers. So after mulling over all the dishes under the "appetizer" section, I chose a bowl of the minestrone and then ordered a cheese plate (choose 5 for $14) for our table to munch on. 

Note: the cheese isn't under the appetizer section, but we were craving a good cheese plate so we were fine paying more (maybe not the best idea...). 

The minestrone was pretty standard, but I enjoyed it. It's a pretty small portion, but it had a great soup to veggie to pasta ratio. The cheese plate was okay. I am honestly usually a huge cheese fiend, but found 4 out of 5 of these cheeses to be pretty bland and blah, lacking any great flavor. There was one cheese I very much enjoyed, but because all the wedges were just scattered haphazardly together and never labeled/introduced by our waiter, I have no idea which one it was.

In the end we all went to close out our bill and found many discrepancies between what they charged and what we thought our bill should have cost. When we went and asked, many of the appetizers at our table were "accidentally" not discounted and refunded back only when we went up and demanded an itemized bill. For me personally, my bill seemed a little high and when I reluctantly inquired about it, the waitress/bartender informed me that my soup was not included under "half price appetizers" deal (EVEN THOUGH ITS UNDER THE APPETIZER SECTION OF THE MENU).  I'm not trying to be a stickler for money and it's not that I care so much about paying $8 for a small bowl of soup that I thought was half off, but I think it's ridiculous, a terrible business practice, and even slightly crooked to tell a customer that a section of the menu is half off, watch them take the time to pick a dish from this section, and then only inform them that this dish is randomly not included when the bill comes.

I used to be a fan of this place, but our friend group will never return because of this ridiculous experience and the poor ethics demonstrated by this restaurant. Have caution when eating at this establishment!
The food and service was well below average. I went with my family and we were not impressed, many of us not finishing our dishes. We're Italian so we take our carbohydrates very seriously. Highlights/lowlights: the pizza was sort of chewy and undercooked, and not very flavorful. The pear salad had wilted greens, wasn't dressed, and ultimately was pretty inedible. I barely touched it. The service was slow and inconsistent. The rice balls were a nice appetizer, and the creamy tomato sauce that came with it was tasty. My sister ordered the spicy shrimp salad, and said it reminded her of the salad in "Mrs. Doubtfire" that Robin Williams seasons at the end to try to kill Pierce Brosnan (which is to say: so over-seasoned she nearly choked). Would not return.
This place was great! Went in there while wandering around at 10:30pm. Service was still great and the food was even better! Great atmosphere and knowledgable staff. I highly recommend the antipasti
First time eating inside Barra Rossa as we usually just order take out pizza.  We decided to come to happy hour since they have good food, drink, and price deals Monday-Friday 4-6!  We wound up getting regular truffle fries, calamari, and the Jefferson lemonade to drink.  The Jefferson Lemonade was fantastic and would recommend it for HH!!  The truffle fries were huge and very tasty and the calamari was not to breaded and fried perfectly.  The sauce was the same for both dishes so it got a little monotonous and the service was a little slow for not many people being there but it didn't bother us.  To go we got our usual margarita pizza with pesto and they even gave us free cannoil's with it!  This is our second time eating at Barra Rossa this week so we will for sure be back!!
Spur of the moment decision to stop by for dinner since it's so close to the PATCO station. Bonus: Center City Restaurant Week.  I quickly made a reservation through Open Table and even though I arrived really early, it was no problem to get seated because it wasn't really busy.

This year's Restaurant Week winter dinner menu was a steal at $35. I started with the frisee salad, which was huge. Loved the feta, walnuts, and slices of apple and really enjoyed the light white vinaigrette dressing. So generous that I saved half to leave room in mah belly.

Next up: lobster tail fra diavlo. So so good!  The serving was just the right size, and it was spicy enough to make my nose run a little, dang tasty. 

Dessert - to be honest, I was so full at this point that I ate one bite of the cannoli and brought it home to eat later with my salad.

The only down note to the whole meal was actually the dinner rolls served with herb-infused olive oil dip. The roll was hard as a rock and barely edible. 

Service was fast and very attentive.
I came here for a school happy hour, which after being at this school for over a year it surprises me that this was my first time here! The happy hour deal is amazing and the food is pretty good! We supplied the apps for the happy hour and I was surprised at what they had to offer for just $6 each! There was fried ravioli, arancini, multiples types of pizza, mussels, potato skins, and more! I think the pizza was pretty good and really decent size if you're sharing with a smaller group. Of the other apps, the fried ravioli was my favorite. TBH, I thought the mussels tasted a little funky and I wouldn't order those if I came on my own accord. For our happy hour, we were placed on the bar side of the room upstairs, which was really nice. It gave us our own space but it wasn't cramped. There was ample room. I'd definitely come here again for happy hour!
We are always willing to try a new place and we wanted home cooked Italian and though why not.   Overall the experience was great until we left and the hostess insisted on challenging us on a comment we made as we left.

The service was great  -  Josh a very energetic server took care of us and intermittently we  chatted with the manager Vinnie who made us feel welcome and he was incredibly entertaining.  Both Josh and Vinnie made sure our experience was a good one.

They seated us at booth 56 upstairs in the back against the front window.  We had asked for a booth back and this was fine until we saw them setting up a buffet table next to us for a private party.  As the guests gathered at the bar for the private party we asked to have our table moved so we would not be part of their evening. The noise level was annoying to say the least. 

Josh quickly moved us to a booth further up front which was fine.  Service / food was fine.  It was not the best in the neighborhood but well worth it for the cost.  Josh was overwhelmed trying to serve tables in the midst of the party.  Not fair to him or the folks sitting at tables in the middle of the party.

When we left I told the hostess the everything was great except sitting where we did during a private party.  She insisted it was not a private party and they were supposed to stay at the bar.  If they were supposed to stay at the bar why then set up a table at the end of the room with their food next to the tables where other people like us were sitting.  She said that the table we were at was the only one available.  I replied well we moved and she came back with " when another table was available"

NOT TRUE -  The booth we moved to was empty the entire time.  Now - maybe they do not consider 30+ people upstairs at the bar with a buffet table against the wall a private party but NEVER argue with a customer.  I mean really - what ever happened to the customer is always right.   Customer service just went out the window here.  She is the first and last face you see.
I've only ever gotten takeout, but every time have been impressed! The meatballs are delicious!! Pizza is okay - but I think it'd be better if I had it fresh in the restaurant. The best thing I've had so far has to be their vodka penne. Amazing! Good portion and great taste!!
I saw an article about their pickle pizza (the Philly Dilly) and knew I had to try it immediately... as in the same day. Walked in around 730 on a weeknight without reservations and got seated no problem. 

Shared the Caesar salad, Philly Dilly, a side of mac and cheese, and the peanut butter pie. Both the complementary bread sticks and olive oil were bland. Otherwise, everything else was tasty. 

It was nice of them to split the salad for us onto two plates instead of having to portion it out ourselves. The pizza would have been so much better if the garlic aioli wasn't globbed on with a heavy hand. We had to scrape it off to make it edible. A delicate drizzle would have sufficed, but I was so turned off by it I would recommend omitting it altogether. 

Without the aioli, the pizza is a win! You really can't go wrong with a cheesy white pie with pickles on top. Also, they can make the pickle pie vegan AND have a handful of vegan dishes that all sound awesome.
I came here with my girlfriend and one of her friends after a concert and I have to say it wasn't what I was expecting. The layout was a little funky, with a narrow area around the hostess podium and large staircase right when you enter, probably making it awkward to wait for a table when/if this place gets busy. Now I will admit that on the night we went it was pretty cold and there was still a little residual snow and ice from the last storm on the sidewalks, but this place was kind of dead for a Saturday night. It really seems that this place is situated in a relatively quiet corner of the city. If this is your sort of thing, you found your mecca, otherwise its a little underwhelming,

And thats where we get to the service. While we were seated rather quickly (getting an upstairs table after walking up glossy wooden steps, the second half of which didn't have grip tape, which made no sense) and had a comfortable seat...thats where the comfort ended. The waiter we got seemed disinterested in us, corrected the pronunciation of my order a little passive aggressively under his breath, and ordered us to basically clean up after ourselves/help him clean once he realized we were done. He seemed a little pissed too that we didn't want dessert. He was little pissy for my taste. Oh, and I know reclaiming an old factory or manufacturing building is cool and all, but please insulate the windows correctly. There was a strong draft coming from the window frame...I considered putting my coat back on!

Now to the food. It was serviceable. By that I mean it did what is was supposed to (satisfy us without killing us) and did it at a seemingly reasonable price of $14 each. I would put the tastiness between Olive Garden and the Cheesecake Factory Italian entrees. Not so "meh" but not as flavorful as it looked (I had the gnocchi bolognese btw). Nothing to write home about.

Will I go back? Probably not. But this trip did check another restaurant off the list, so thats something....if underwhelming.
Came for my cousins graduation with a large party.  It was nice of them to accommodate such a large group, I think there was 14 of us and a baby. 

They sat us upstairs and unfortunately upstairs isn't wheelchair or baby stroller accessible so we just had to carry the stroller upstairs.  

The decor was really cute inside I loved the way it looked but everything else was just meh.

Starting with the host, or the manager whoever he is didn't even greet us at the door so I'm just smiling at random people hoping that someone would be like Hi how many or something. Like a minute later just standing in the small front of the restaurant people are walking past us and the host was like do you need help? WTH.

So we finally sat upstairs and they gave us a prefixed menu that didn't leave much choice, either a regular salad, a caprese salad (with totally old flavorless cheese, and a choice of chicken, eggplant, or salmon.  I ended up getting the eggplant, but you can't go wrong with breaded and fried anything.  Although I wish I got the salmon it looked delicious.  And the chicken was bland and dry, nothing to brag about.

The service was good, we had this wonderful super friendly waitress who was just kind and I'm sure it was a hassle already for her to deal with so many of us. 

We also ordered from their regular menu too and ordered fried calamari.  It's a scam though they threw in some fried jalapeno rings that looked like calamari to fill up the plate.  The charcuterie sampler was delicious at least.

Dessert was awful, we had some little mousse oreo sampling and a nutella one, and they also left us some crappy cannoli's (being from NY no cannoli can compare).
Looking for a not too chi-chi restaurant after over-indulging during the rest of a business trip, came across Barra Rossa. My group of 4 ordered a couple of pizzas (which were both delicious): the Margherita and the Mushroom. Great thin crust and the toppings were fresh. Also had the calamari appetizer. For an entree, I had one of the specials - linguini with shrimp and scallops in a white wine sauce. It was nice and light (despite the pasta) and perfect for summer. 
Really liked that the waitress specifically told us that the proteins were fresh and never frozen. You can really tell from tasting.
We went to Barra Rossa when it was still Stella Rossa for a casual meal. The place was rather empty and I hadn't heard too much about it so my expectations were quite low. The pizza, we ordered the three mushroom pizza, however, was surprisingly good and we were pleasantly surprised - not any worse than Zavino and the other places I've heard so much about in the area. Good wine selection even though we chose not to drink that night. Good service but, again, the place was rather empty. I would definitely go back. One of the better "fancier" pizza places in Center City in my opinion.
Superior Customer Service.  Good Food.  Good Atmosphere.  Got cheese and meet platter, and personal pizza.  Delicious.  Caprese salad was good.
I came here with my boyfriend for dinner, we made a reservation but it wasn't needed. It took a few minutes for us to be greeted once we sat but I didn't mind.

We started with calamari and mussels in a spicy red sauce. Both were great and we ate everything. Our entree was the salumi pizza which honestly just tasted like a regular pepperoni pizza but still delicious none the less.

I think the pricing was fair and our waiter said most nights you do need a reservation so maybe it was an off night.

I am only giving this a 4 because the behavior of a few select waiters in the dining room was a tiny bit unprofessional (I.E cursing, talking loudly about personal matters) but I'm sure they will work those kinks out.

Overall, I will be back and would definitely recommend.
I have been here on three separate occasions. The food is very good. 

The first time I went I had a great experience. I had a wonderful waitress named Jackie. She was very polite, funny and just a joy. 

The next time I stopped in was just the same waitress but this time I felt a little uncomfortable due to another employee saying some less than flattering words to her. One being a reference to a female dog.  But never the less the young lady was very courteous and was ever so kind. 

This time I stopped by and asked for her to be my waitress and I was told she is no longer with the restaurant. Then the gentleman who on my last visit use the colorful words, this time mumbled something but the only words that was clear was the same word he called her to her face. 

I think I will start ordering take out or just stop going all together. Sad to say because the food is really good.
The gluten free menu is great. Word of advise when you order GF pasta make sure they use fresh water. I should have asked but trusted the restaurant. It's a nice location with a good menu. The food was just ok but the staff were nice, friendly and attentive.
Was searching for a good Italian restaurant near center city.  It was my girlfriend and i's last night in the area so it meant a lot to her parents to have a nice night out.  Being that a lot of places are byob and if not may have a weird menu for some in the group.  Obviously we went to yelp and stumbled across this place.  Reviews were mixed but we felt like giving it a shot.  

Walking in the restaurant seemed very elegant.  Loved the open kitchen and brick ovens firing definitely an inviting feeling and had me stoked to get to the table.  Server hit us with a 15 second greet which wasn't necessarily a bad thing just hard to order wine or apps so we had to tell her to come back.  Came back about 30 seconds later asking if we were ready.  I like the hustle cause I was hungry but come on.  We order apps.  30 seconds later she came back.  Lol please chill.  Same happened about 2 more times before we order.  

We ordered the antipasti and the rice balls. Antipasti was good but none of us ate soft cheese so we asked for two hard choices. We ended up ordering a pecorino and some other one per the servers recommendation. the cheese she suggested  turned out to be soft and pretty gross honestly.  Rice balls were phenomenal just tiny as could be and only 5 in an order seemed a bit like a ripoff.  For dinner I ordered the sausage baked ziti. It was in an Alfredo sauce and layered with mozzerella.  It was very good very cheesy just a little small for what you'd expect.  My girlfriend got the gnocchi which were fresh and light, still on the small side.  Looking around at my girlfriends moms and dads plates they almost licked theirs clean.  

Biggest qualm with everything was the fact we were nonstop rushed the entire time.  Idk if our server worked at IHOP before or a different style of restaurant but a place like this should NOT be forcing you in and out in an hour.  Reservation was 5:15 we were almost out at 5.  Honestly it was slightly comical and a bit distracting.  My girlfriend made it a point to emphasize that she was still working MULTIPLE times.  She was sweet as could be but come on honey give me some time to breathe and digest.  Like I said it was 5 o'clock not 630 in the middle of your rush.  There's no reason your mother in laws topic of convo is how relentless you are relax.  My girlfriend who's good for a bottle to herself didn't even finish a full glass of wine.  We were a 150 table give us some respect.  

ALAS I DIGRESS the food was good service was good just too rushed for me or anyone looking to enjoy a meal sorry
Excellent burgers never seen anything like it.  

7/31/15
We ate here again.  The penne pasta was excellent.
Solid italian food at decent prices! My partner craves the blackened chicken fettuccine (the whole reason we ordered from them this past weekend), and although I didn't *love* the first dish I ordered from them (baked ziti?), the chicken parm was excellent this time! And I loved that it came with fettuccine  alfredo instead of a traditional spaghetti & red sauce - their alfredo sauce is amazing! Also ordered garlic bread (good & a lot!), and the fried mozzarella (which was good, but we've had better). We'll order again, whenever he gets a hankering for the blackened chicken fettuccine!
My aunt celebrated her 37th birthday here. We had the event on the second floor which was perfect because there was a bar close by. The seasonal sangrias were divine, but I heard the "Legally Blonde" cocktail was on the weak side. The food was pretty good. I enjoyed the baked ziti with white sauce. 

Service was good. Since our party was so large the gratuity was along the lines of 20%, I believe. Nice decor, great ambiance, and minimal noise. I recommend this venue for a nice dinner or celebration.
Went tonight for a pre-show dinner. They seated us right way with no reservation, but the service was inattentive and the food was mediocre. 

We waited 15 minutes with no server, so I asked the busboy to send over the waitress and he offered to take our order. Everything came out choppy from there. Bread first - then oil 5 minutes later. Each of our drink orders came out with a 5 minute lag between. First my wine - then 5 minutes later my husband's coke - then five minutes later my daughter's milk. Appetizers were delivered about 20 minutes later and just as we were digging into those the entrees arrived. Then FINALLY our waitress showed up to check on us - the first time we saw her that night. 

The food was ok. I enjoyed the appetizers. We ordered the cheese plate, olives, and prosciutto. Nice presentation and tasty. The entrees were not anything special. I ordered the Rigatoni Pizzaioli - the sausage was good, but the pasta was overcooked and bland. My husband's Sausage and Peppers was barely ok - needed more Sausage and  Peppers and less pasta. My daughter ate one slice of her cheese pizza.

The decent apps can't make up for the entree and the shameful lack of service, so I will stick to a 2 star rating and have no intention of returning.
We were running a little late for our reservation so I called to let them know & it was no problem.  When we arrived the hostess was very nice.  She took us upstairs to our table.  The air conditioning upstairs was clearly not working.  It was extremely hot.  We weren't given the option to move downstairs so we just figured we would deal with it.  Our server, Julian, was great.  He was very friendly & attentive.  He should be commended for his excellent customer service.  Everything from appetizers to desserts were very good.
The only reason I returned to Barra Rosa is the pizza during happy hour. They are pretty decent for only $5! My main issue with this establishment is their environment, everyone eating in there was above the age of 60-I know that shouldn't be an issue but as a person that usually likes to sit at the bar and eat it felt weird. Also last time I was there I ordered a plate of prosciutto which was thickly cut, dry, and tasted almost like a dog treat.  Even though their pizza is a good value I don't think I will be returning here.
Few things are less appetizing than watching mice run across the floor as you enjoy your drink and pizza.  Sure, the food was delicious (mushroom pizza was superb) and the drinks were great--but there were MICE running across the dining room floor.  Brazenly.  Can't imagine what was in the kitchen.

When we pointed it out to the waitress she was like "oh yeah.  We have those."  Didn't even pretend to be surprised.  She did comp us some drinks.  But it's appalling.  Stay away.
The evening was as scenic as it was delicious at our corner table overlooking Walnut and 10th St. The appetizer filled every taste expectation only topped by the entre of Chicken Abruzze. The waiter was classic friendly with the personality of a favorite uncle. Cheers to Barra Rossa!
I visited Stella Rossa with my husband, sister, and brother in law a few weeks ago. It was cold and there was snow on the ground, so maybe that is why the restaurant had plenty of seating.

It was not very warm and inviting; the vibe was actually grumpy and quiet and the service was really bad from the beginning. 

We were seated right near the front so that we got hit with cold air every time the front door opened. We kindly asked to move, and even joked around to show there were no hard feelings. We were greeted with eye rolls and sighs. It took 20 minutes for them to approve our move and clean a new table. We thought they forgot we asked. During this time, our waitress had appeared, but literally walked away in the middle of our ordering drinks once she found out the table was to be moved. Before she left, I had asked to sample two of the wines I was between. She told me no, I could not, but I could pay for two small servings. I have never heard this before!! Really??? Most restaurants let you try a tiny taste if it's wine by the glass. But I was nice about it since my sister and brother in law were visiting and I didn't want things to be awkward. I told her I would try to just pick one myself. She did not offer any help, which ended up not mattering since she literally walked off during the drink order.

We were finally allowed to change tables, but we had to move our own plates and silverware and bread. (Bread had arrived even though we had not yet been able to order drinks). We were next to a window at this point and it was still cold. We didn't say anything this time and just wore our coats.

I tried again to purchase samples of the two wines I was interested in with our waiter, who was much friendlier than the waitress. Everyone else placed their orders too and drinks finally arrived 40 to 45 minutes after we got to the restaurant. Well, all the drinks except mine. They were out of the wines I wanted. The waiter made his alternate recommendations but they were completely different than what I was going for and it was clear that the staff hadn't been trained in wine. I just went with whatever he recommended and it was fine. At this point, an hour after we got there, we were finally asked if we would like to order food.

The meal was passable, which I why I gave two stars. It was a very solid OK. Nothing memorable at all, but nothing bad. We got pizza and pasta dishes and a calamari appetizer. In the meantime, I noticed another party being seated at our original table. They eventually moved as well. 

The waiter tried really hard to be friendly, but it got a little annoying. He kept coming over and joking and talking loudly and telling us what his wait style was. He also mentioned some tables were mean, but he could tell our table was chill so he knew he could kid around. Which was true, it just got to be a bit much. He was trying to do a good job, so we stayed polite and smiling. But by that point, we just wanted to get out of there. We finally paid the bill but had to help clear our own table since only part of the dishes were taken away and the bill was placed among leftover food and dirty plates.

Overall, it seems like maybe Stella Rossa is run by first time owners and staffed by inexperienced waiters. At least that's what I began to wonder. With SO many other amazing, delicious restaurants with professional severs from which to choose, I will not go back. Especially when Pizzeria Stella by Steven Starr (MY FAVORITE!!) is not much further away!!
This was a nice Italian place for a meal with clients during a conference. It's a beautiful, historic building with spaces upstairs for private dining. It was sleek and intimate, making it the perfect setting for drinks and food. 

I loved the wood fired pizza and the fettuccine alfredo, along with the salad. And the bartender and servers were wonderful to our group.

The only reason I'm docking it a star is because it was humid in Philly and SUPER hot and humid in the restaurant. Because of the historic nature of the building, it's hard to keep it cool. Just an FYI if you plan to dine here on a hot, hot day.
Excellent sautéed calamari and gnocchi bolognese, and pleasant and knowledgeable staff all for an affordable price that's well worth its quality.
Excellent value, excellent service, pretty great food! I went here for a Friday night date with my siblings and our partners, a group of seven. We were seated at the 2nd floor dining room, which provided such a a chic, comfortable, homey rustic feel, it complimented the rustic italian food they serve. We started with their cheese plate. We continued with 2 pizzas and 5 entrees with some wine and beer. Serving size of each entree was perfect and that night they had a pork chop special that was absolutely delicious. Our pork chop was a tad bit over the medium temperature we ordered but it was too good that I had no need to complain about it. There was also a free meatball when you check in at yelp and the chef was nice enough to give us extras since we were a big group. Thank you btw! 

Our server Lisa was very pleasant and knew the menu both for food and drinks very well, something a newbie in any restaurant can appreciate. Overall I would absolutely recommend this place, specially for a big group, for what we ordered, which was plenty we only shelled out $38 each. 

Tips: pizza order is good for two people;  cheese plate is good to share for 2-3 and order the pitcher of sangria for $20!
The jumbo shrimp, greens and linguine were superb! The white wine sauce was light, yet flavorful. Atmosphere was trendy and chic! Ready to return for a visit.
Terrible service. Very slow. Cappuccino was bad. Wine was good. Appetizers were good. Entrees were absolutely horrible. We thought after all the wait and bad service the entrees might redeem the evening. We were wrong. Over seasoned and undercooked mahi mahi. Veal chop tasted more like a crappy pork chop. Mashed potatoes were good but cous cous was way too salty. We didn't bother staying for dessert. The server was so slow and absent minded. I don't understand why she has a job there. There are plenty of good places to eat in the area. Skip this one.
The food here is delicious. The service is efficient and the staff is very friendly. I recommend the veal or chicken parmesan . Excellent atmosphere and reasonable prices. It's in a great location right next to the Walnut Theater. I'll definitely eat here the next time I'm in the city.
My dad and I went here for dinner tonight as he wanted to try it. I ordered the Strawberry Bellini, Pear Salad and the Sausage and Peppers. He ordered the Beet Salad and the Margherita pizza. The Strawberry Bellini looked like it had strawberry in it, but it just tasted like champagne. The salads were ok, except the pears were not even close to being ripe. They were hard and had no flavor. The Margherita pizza was bland - my dad actually asked for salt. Salt for pizza?!? My main course was the opposite - I couldn't even eat the Sausage and Peppers as it was too salty. I told the waiter this, which I had never done before, and he offered to make another one that wasn't so salty for me to take home and I declined the offer. Then he said he would take 50% off the pizza b/c that is their Monday night special and 50% off the rest of the food since I was not happy with my meal. We decided to get dessert from a different place. I will not be going back to this restaurant.
Good food, great service.  Nice ambience.

The food: I ordered the eggplant parm and it was great...among the best eggplant parm I've ever had.  Also, I liked the dressing on the chopped salad.  It was light but flavorful.  All the ingredients tasted fresh.  One small but noticeable issue was, the bread in our bread basket was burnt on the edges.  Also, the oil for dipping could have used a bit more seasoning.  But overall, I really enjoyed my dinner.

The service: our server was Jerry, and he was fantastic.  We had a busy table and a lot of different requests and he was extremely accommodating and cheerful!
Fun Italian restaurant.  The place is very modern and has seating both upstairs and downstairs which is key if you're like myself and looking for your party which was seated ahead of my arrival.  The portions there were on the larger size and everything we ate was good.  It was also reasonably priced.
My wife and I had an absolutely fantastic meal here.   We started with the Arancini (fried risotto) which was very good. My wife had the Rigatoni Melanzane Al Forna and I had the Tortellini Con Carne.  Both were delicious.  I can't wait to come back and try some of the other selections.
Had a horrible experience here with my husband.  We come in, sit down, and then weren't helped for over 20 minutes.  We ended up just leaving and going to a pub.  Super disappointing.
These happy hour Italian devours come all the way from Barra Rossa Philadelphia. This Italian restaurant sits on the corner of 10th And walnut. This warm cozy establishment offers happy hour anyway variety of other items for their dinner menu. The name is easy to navigate in the bathrooms are really clean. My server and he was really nice and very helpful. He allowed me to take my time to look through the menu. Well here I ordered the garlic shrimp with Tomatoes. The garlic shrimp was absolutely amazing. The shirts are really huge and very tasteful. If you ever find yourself running fine Italian cuisine please check out Merrill Rosa and tell them Shimmy sent you! #philadelphia #philly #shrimp #italian #italianfood #beer #water #waitor #goodeats #food #foodie #foodporn #foodphotography #foodblogger #foodstagram #garlic #lemon #selfdates
The service here is excellent. I can't remember her name but our server (blonde) around 6:00 on Sunday was welcoming, accommodating, and gave us free champagne for our anniversary. The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars was because they were out of gnocchi and we were upcharged for a penne substitute. The summer gnocchi ended up being $31 and the impossible meat was way too underseasoned.
the ambiance here is great. the staff is very friendly. the fried ravioli is amazing. and the pizza is flavorful. what else could you want?
I was very excited to try Stella Rosa especially after seeing some decent reviews from my fellow Yelpers, and for the most part, I wasn't steered wrong. I went with 5 other people this past Saturday, and we sampled a large variety of dishes and appetizers. The service was very friendly and timely so no complaints in that department.  As for the food...well, I have mixed feelings.  Some dishes were good and some definitely fell flat.   Here's a rundown of what we ordered:

Appetizers:
Bread Basket (complimentary) - comes with a dish of seasoning (oregano + red pepper flakes?) topped with extra virgin olive oil but had absolutely no salt...so it was basically dipping bread in oil. 

Steamed Mussels with white wine - OK

Panzanella Salad - Good, but nothing special

Arancini - Risotto was over cooked IMO, and the flavor was super bland - It was a fried ball of mushy, bland, rice. Thank goodness for the marinara sauce.

Main Dishes:
Sausage and Peppers - delicious! This is a wood fired specialty, served with orecchiette pasta and topped with cheese.

Shrimp Scampi - This was one of their specials for the day and it was super bland. 

Veal Saltimbocca - I didn't actually try this dish, but my friend said it was very good.

Rib Eye Florentina - decent cut of steak and good "grill" taste but the steak was slightly over cooked even after a lengthy discussion with the server on what color a "medium" cooked steak should have.

Procidonna Pizza - this had eggplant, zucchini, pepperoni and red sauce.  The flavor was good and the pizza in general was good.  I was a little disappointed in the crust; it was thin but it was floppy...I couldn't even pick it up to eat it. 

We opted not to get dessert and with a round of drinks for everyone and split 6 ways, our bill came to $40/person with tax and 20% tip included--not bad, I think.

Overall, we had an OK time here.  I wouldn't completely rule it out but I am not in a hurry to go back either.
Met up with a friend of mine a few weeks ago here for an early dinner. The service was good. The food was good. A decent spot to grab something to eat in Center City. Prices are fair for what you get. I'd grab food from here again at some point on my travels to Center City.
In my opinion, Barra Rossa offers some acceptable italian food and generic potent alcohol beverages. However, if you're looking an authentic, mom and pop Italian joint with a limited, yet unforgettable cocktail options, then please look elsewhere.

My friends and I came here on a business meeting, and we ordered two pizzas, some calamari, a small salad and cheese plate. I have to say that both the vegetarian and prosciutto pizza were...ok, but a bit bland, soggy, burnt and small for the price. The calamari were also a bit over breaded and meager for the table (even though we ordered two servings), and we ended up picking at the small salad, as it offered the most amount of flavors during the entire meal. As for the alcoholic beverages, all of the beer that my friends wanted were unavailable, and my requested old fashioned was, sadly incomparable to many of its similar cousins at other restaurants.

In summary, this is not a bad place in my opinion, but if you have another Italian joint in mind, I'd try that one first.
Low lighting: check

Exposed brick: check

Accommodating wait-staff: check

Good Italian food and homemade Limoncello: check

Atmosphere that is both urban and romantic for a lovely dinner with friends or a date before catching a show only a block away at the Walnut Street Theater: check 

Obnoxious, chunky, white (actually more red-pink), middle-aged Guy Fieri wanna-be wearing knit shirt with multiple naked women on it walking around to "check in" with patrons on their dates as if he's a very important coked-up TGI Fridays Assistant Manager who can certainly comp your appetizer as he speaks with a great deal of self-importance at you in a not-so-indoor-voice, but he's not actually NOT* an employee or owner, just a patron who thinks this is somehow charming even though it isn't: check

Actual management and staff who do not intervene with Guy Fieri wanna-be who is ruining dates and dinners around the whole first floor of Barra Rossa: check

*photo of Guy Fieri wanna-be included
I went here with two of my friends for the Monday night pizza deal. We walked in and sat at the bar because there were only two other people in the restaurant. The bartender had a horrible attitude and was completely rude to me and my friends. He was insulting us to our faces. I don't know if he thought he was being funny or what. We opted out of staying for the pizza and left before ordering.
Great food! Great atmosphere! The waitress Devon was awesome! They also have State Side Vodka!
Great atmosphere. Very warm and inviting. Tall ceilings and Brick walls...very historic feel. Came for brunch and was very good!  Waitress and staff very friendly and attentive!  Would def come back and try dinner next time.
I came here two nights ago with two of my friends from work. We ordered the sausage and peppers, pucillo pizza, and penne pinoli. The waitress got us another bowl of bread after we finished ours so that was nice. The food and atmosphere were very good and we will be returning. the food only took a few minutes to arrive at our table. This restaurant is very well-managed and my friends and I were very pleased.
I went there tonight for dinner, and I refused a table.  I was a party of one, and there were a couple of two tops on the main floor and more upstairs.  I asked for a table, and I was told by the Asian hostess that I had to sit at the bar.  
So if you are a party of one, you should avoid the restaurant.  Also tell all  your friends of their practices.
I have a friend dying of cancer at Jefferson Hospital and have eaten there before, just because it is close by.  The food is mediocre at best, just close by.
So sad of rude people at the front entrance. 
AVOID.....AVOID....AVOID
Just ok for the price, basic Italian food that didn't taste any better than I could make at home. 
I ordered the meat and cheese plate and it was decent, nothing amazing for sure. Then the pear salad was underwhelming as well. 
Boys ordered Tortellini with Alfredo and peas and the baked ziti. Again, nothing special. 
On to the desserts...the waitress brought out this little tray of pretty pre-made mini-mouse cup desserts to choose from and we each picked one (Tiramasu, Key Lime and cappuccino flavors).  
The key lime was awful, it tasted like sour cream cheese. The others did not get eaten either. Sigh. $98 plus tip!!!
I had never been here before but I made a reservations here for lunch (party of 7) with clients based on the diversity of options on the menu, affordability and proximity to the Philadelphia convention center (where we were attending a conference).  Barra Rosa did not disappoint!

We were seated in the upstairs area, which was very quiet (compared to the downstairs area, which was crowded) so it was perfect for business discussions.  According to my clients, the pizzas and sandwiches were great, and the portion sizes ample for the price.

The service was fantastic.  It was prompt and attentive, and we didn't feel rushed.  I will definitely come back here again.
Went this afternoon for a late lunch despite the pouring rain; so glad that we did. I received an Open Table gift cert for the holidays and redeemed it here since its close and its a new restaurant; the braised meatballs app was delicious; the pizza and rigatoni were also really good. Had a few Dogfish's as well, which are always great. The service was very good; nicely paced since we weren't in a rush, and our server, Greg, was attentive and very nice, even though it seemed he was busy at times. We look forward to returning and trying some new things, but we definitely NEED those meatballs again! :)
The mixed reviews here are surprising but I guess you're talking Philly so there's a lot to consider there....

I've dined here twice and enjoyed it both times. The meat/cheese/olive plate is adequate. Had several different pizzas all great. Rice balls blew me away, which j was not expecting. Sangria is delicious. In terms of service in a small dining situation everyone was friendly and in a large dining situation they easily accommodated a large bachelorette party somewhat last minute and dealt with some of the shenanigans associated gracefully. I would not hesitate to return.
My husband and I went tonight before a show. We found the food to be VERY tasty, the decor/ambience to be appealing and the service to be good. Our biggest complaint was it was muggy in the restaurant (was a very hot day outside). 

I got the sangria which was refreshing and my husband had a cocktail. The bread with olive oil was quite good and we got the fried mozzarella as an appetizer. It had a smoky mozzarella filling which was a great touch. I had the gnocchi con bolognese sauce- delicious had slow roast meat instead of ground meat that traditionally comes in this dish. My husband got the chicken parm with fettuccine Alfredo. Also delicious

The desserts came in small shot glasses. Just enough sweet to finish out the meal. 

Will definitely be going back.
From outside it looks like it looks like a really cool place, inside details including the lighting and seating further this impression. 

I'm not sure if this is corporate or not but after being seated and looking over the menu it sure seemed like it.

I will say they had some decent wines available in increments up to a bottle, which is nice.

Service was nice enough albeit slightly unpolished.

We ordered arancini and calamari to start.  The calamari was really good actually, and the fried hot peppers with it and aioli were nice complements.  By contrast the arancini were absolutely horrible- the outside was fried but not crunchy, the inside was gummy and oddly enough some of the rice was crunchy and underdone. And it wasn't even really hot when it arrived.

We also ordered two sandwiches that came with cold fries and wilted freezer burnt lettuce.  The pork sandwich was good, but when you're in Philadelphia and serving a $12 pork sandwich it needs to be great- little meat and broccoli rabe although the cheese on it was good.
The other sandwich was forgettable as well.

Two stars for good wine, the space and the calamari.
I would return to try pizza at some point but probably not at my own suggestion.
I worked with Nick to plan our wedding welcome party for 100 guests on a Friday night at Barra Rossa. I used to plan events professionally so I have a really high standard when it comes to customer service when planning parties. I spoke with and visited about 10 restaurants which were our top choices around our wedding hotel and Barra Rossa was by far the best choice. Nick was incredibly responsive, friendly, flexibly and provided so much help in the planning process. Let me preface this by saying some of the restaurants I visited & spoke to (famous Philly spots) were a nightmare to deal with. They took a week to reply or didn't write back at all when you're asking them to take your money. Nick was the complete opposite, a professional during the entire process. 

The event itself went off perfectly. We were a group of 100 high maintenance New York City guests who I often think believe that complaining is a sport. Not a single person had anything bad to say, everyone was raving about the food, the service and how friendly the staff was. We booked out the entire top floor and Nick set it up perfectly with both bars open, plenty of seating, food throughout the giant space, coat racks and checked in throughout the night. He also went above and beyond to provide special food for one of our guests with deathly food allergies as well as one kid who is just a pain when it comes to eating :). 

We had an open bar, top shelf booze, a ton of food that was spread throughout the evening and had more than enough space for 100 people to party. I would say about 50 of our guests had so much fun they stayed late after the party was open and kept drinking on their own tab. If you're looking for a beautiful event space with great F&B packages, don't hesitate and book here. This was the best bang for your buck around Old City/Center city. Thanks again Nick, we had so much fun!
Fantastic experience for a young restaurant.    Staff and servers were really friendly and efficient.   Also somehow they all had pretty good senses of humor.     Our server especially.  

The food was reasonable and very tasty.    Somehow fries are pretty easy for restaurants to screw up but they were excellent.   My roast pork panini was a little soggy on the bottom from all of the juice from the pork, but I didn't care because the sandwich itself was amazing.    I'll be back soon for sure.
So I've been here a few times as I live a few blocks away, always sitting at the bar. If I were to rate this place based upon the bartender in the downstairs bar on the Mondays or the upstairs bar on the Thursday I've been here, this place would get five stars. They were attentive and great conversationalists. However, the bartender in the downstairs bar on the Thursday and Friday I've been here has been awful. This time I heard him curse twice, once muttering that a patron was a "piece of [expletive]" immediately after the customer had left but within earshot of me. He then spent several minutes angrily slamming things, all the while ignoring customers, and then he spent several minutes talking to someone I presume is the manager, again ignoring customers. I guess since he spent over an hour ignoring me I assumed he wasn't much of a talker, but boy was he. I think I'll stick to Mondays at this place (half off pizza)!
Stopped in here for lunch prior to seeing an afternoon show at the Walnut Street Theater. We had reservations, but it was certainly not needed as it was not at all crowded on this particular Saturday afternoon. We had the option of brunch or lunch and we went with lunch. My wife had one of their gluten-free pizzas while I went with one of their 4-cheese pasta dishes. I enjoyed my pasta dish while my wife thought her pizza was just OK. I didn't particular care for her pizza, but it could have been because it was a GF pizza. A nice place inside and service was pretty good. For dessert, I got a couple of their dessert shooters which were pretty good. I do wish they gave you some complimentary bread or something with your meal. If you are a Walnut Street Theater subscriber, you do get a 10% discount. Would certainly come back and try some of their other pasta dishes.
We wanted to go to lolita but couldn't find parking and were very hungry. This place seems fun and we found parking right outside so we had lunch here. 
The overall decor and ambience is good. We are vegetarians and they have good options in menu for vegetarians. 
But we were disappointed when our food was served.  The salad was too tangy with no flavor and no crispness. It didn't feel fresh.  
We had ordered penne with marinara for Kids and the pasta was overdone and sauce was too runny! 
We were not served bead basket unless we asked for it (a given at most Italian places). And our pasta was Ok too. Not packed with flavor. All in all not worth the $$$ they charge.  Service was ho hum too.
Excellent restaurant...we were going to see a show across the street and wasn't sure about this place ...we were pleasantly surprised with authentic Italian food and the wait staff was on point too!
My friend and I came here after seeing that they had recently started a vegan happy hour on Wednesdays, and we had a great time! The happy hour special is from 4-6pm and allows you to pick 3 items from the menu for $15. The items are: vegan meatballs with crostini, vegan cheese and meatball sliders, vegan taco pizza, vegan veggie and meatball pizza, white bean ravioli piccolo, and vegetable sweet and sour spring rolls.

My friend and I each got 3 so that we could try all 6. We thought it was interesting for an Italian place to have spring rolls on the menu, and they were probably my least favorite of the plates. My favorite was actually the Taco Pizza, which I downed so quickly that I don't even have a picture (sad!) The "meat" for the sliders, pizzas, and meatballs was Impossible meat, and it was amazing!

We sat at the bar (happy hour specials only apply at the bar or at a high-top table) and our bartender was very attentive and friendly. Overall, Barra Rossa is a great place with something for herbivores and omnivores alike!
A great location and great potential but littered with disappointment for our party. 
So, if you've read any of my reviews you know we have kids, they are our world and I want them to experience new things that's why we take them with us mostly everywhere we go.  Italian shouldn't be a challenge but this trip was.  

It's going to be easier to just list the issues we had, 
-Kids pizza over cooked and was delivered last to the table, not only last but more than 5 minutes after the last items were dropped.
-Eggplant parm was soupy
-Auctioning off every drink and all the food. We were the only table in the place. Pay attention to what you're doing service staff, this is just frustrating. 
-My fathers request for no cheese and sauce on the side on his chicken parm was completely ignored. If someone makes a request like this, maybe they have medical issues and have to stay away from high quantities of certain foods. 

Things that were good; 
-caprese salad was very nice and very fresh
-I loved the Pucillo pizza! 
-Having a nice Albariño on the menu. 

I typically focus on service related things as much as I do with food and in this regard I feel like we were failed at our table. The manager on duty that greeted us and the hostess that sat us were very friendly in both our arrival and our departure but we were the only table there that evening and auctioning off everything both food and drink is unacceptable and bringing the kiddos food out way after all the other meals is awful. Put in some service effort and were looking at a whole different evening here.
Are you kidding me with this place? Food was subpar. Fake cheese on their (greasy and very soggy) pizza??! Disgusting. Never again. Too bad I ordered delivery, otherwise would've sent back to the kitchen. Skip this place and go to Pizzeria Stella on 2nd. Or Pizza Brain in Fishtown.
Watery flavorless marinara and over cooked pasta. 
I ordered the spaghetti with meatballs and that is what I got. 
The meatballs themselves were good and tender but even they were bland and washed out by the watery marinara sauce. The only thing saving the flavor was the parmesan cheese sprinkled on the dish. Sad because the location is good and the decor is nice but that can't save bad food. I mean if you can't do something as basic as a marinara sauce and cook pasta correctly I will not bother coming back to see if the pizza is up to the hype. Why not order the hyped pizza the first time you ask? I was on a lunch meeting with another meeting to follow so opted for something that should have been simple and more importantly fast for the kitchen to execute.
Went in for a work lunch today.  It seems they just started working a lunch hour at this particular location.  The food was great!  I had the Salumi Panini which was a bit on the spicy side, loved it.  It did say it comes with either Garlic Fries or a Side Salad, which normally if you don't specify which one you want, you automatically get fries, however we did get the side salad.  The salad tasted fine, but the restaurant was out of fries apparently.  Because of the inconvenience the waiter gave us a free dessert tasting.  I chose the Cannoli Mousse which was fantastic.  I think they have some work to do before their lunch hour is perfected, but they handled things as best they could.  I'll definitely be back in a week or two.
Just had to write my first review -- the cocktails, wine, food and ambiance were all quite good. But the real reason I'm writing is I had a  billing snafu (the server inadvertently swiped my card twice and I found out only later). As soon as I saw what had happened, I called the restaurant and got a very sympathetic young woman who promised to relay the info to the manager. The next morning I got a call from Melissa who resolved my problem right away --- giving me a credit on my AmEx, at the restaurant's expense (they had neglected to swipe the card of my dinner companion.) I was super-impressed with the speed and niceness of her response. (Hope our waiter does not get in trouble --- it'd be an easy mistake to make.)
We visited Barra Rossa with my father in law.  I wanted to like them, I really did.  The service was fantastic and things moved along well.  The food on the other hand, was what got them removed from the list.

My wife and I had the Hot Trio to start.  This was the star of the meal.  The smoked mozzarella was the on point, and the meatball was passable.  The arancini was too salty for human consumption.

On to the main course: The men had the veal chop, while my wife opted for the fra diavlo.  The veal chop was not properly trimmed at all.  They were both mostly fat without much substance, which left us feeling lacking after the main course.

Dessert was the biggest letdown.  The Salted Caramel cheesecake was okay, but the "Sicialian Cannoli" was a travesty.  I could have gotten better cannoli from Super Fresh.

All in a piece of fried mozzarella and some salty balls were not worth the $35 for restaurant week and we're not going back anytime soon.
A good friend  and I went here for Happy Hour on a Monday just so we could enjoy the 1/2 priced pizza! We got the fried mozzarella, Margherita, the Chicken pesto pizza (without the pesto due to my nut allergy...we subbed with Marinara Sauce) and a couple of strawberry bellinis. We enjoyed ourselves SO much, we were the loudest people there but weren't treated like outcasts lol the staff was so friendly and great...oh and the food was yuuummy. Can't wait to go back!
I was a little hesitant going into Stella Rossa on a Friday night, after reading a few of these reviews.  But, I was very pleasantly surprised both by the food and service.

The 3 of us started with the olives, which were a nice mix of flavors and a generous portion.

I ordered the Fiachetto pizza (a salt lovers dream - pizza with prosciutto, olives, artichokes, etc.) - and it was great.  It was a big pizza, and I brought a few slices home for lunch the next day.  

Other dishes ordered: the Gaetano pizza (broccoli rabe, sausage) and the Eggplant Parmesan - both of which were enjoyed as well.   

Our waiter was very friendly and personable.  I did not witness any of the 'waiters talking behind customers back' that some reviews here mention - but can definitely see how it could happen, as the service stations are close to customer seats.

Will definitely return!
Expensive, but worth it:  the baked ziti is incredible!  Jared was a great, attentive server.
First time here on a Friday night after work. It was easy to get a reservation for 4 using OpenTable. Service was better than chain restaurants, they were very friendly. I had the Crab and Linguini Rossa. The flavor was good, but thinner slices would have blended the garlic flavor better in the dish.

I hear they are known for their pizzas, so I will try one next time. Overall not a bad little spot nearby to grab a quick meal. I hope the foot traffic and/or some aggressive marketing will keep their doors open.
We had 10 people on a Saturday night to celebrate my Dad's 80th birthday.  Everybody left saying they loved Barra Rossa and would be back - might be a first for me that everyone uniformly enjoyed a restaurant.  Our server, Melissa, was wonderful!!!  The food was great and tasted like home-cooked Italian way more than you would find at the chain Italian places that populate downtown.  Excellent restaurant for groups, after-theater, after work!
Pizza was bland and dough boring.  Pulled pork sandwich also boring.  Salad lackluster.  Total disappointment.
I was really disappointed in this place and I don't think I'll ever return. My boyfriend and I were looking for a place to eat and Sweet Green seemed kind of boring so we decided on this place. I got the Caesar salad and he got the special red pizza. The salad was really plain for $9 and I didn't like the dressing. It seemed really watery. The pizza was okay but NOT worth $16, especially since you can get a better tasting one from Blaze for almost half of the price. The table we sat at was sticky and the plates on it were dirty! They actually had some kind of food stuck on it. The waiter was really nice but we honestly thought the food was bland and we didn't enjoy it at all.
Tasty food, great drink menu, incredibly affordable, really funky atmosphere... but holy crap, our server was terrible. She  immediately asked for our food order, and stood there staring at us when we mentioned we'd need some more time. She repeatedly informed us of discounts we weren't eligible for (that we weren't aware of in the first place), and after our food came out, she disappeared. Completely. For over an hour. She finally brought our check, and then disappeared for another half hour or so. It wasn't until we threw down some cash and stood up to leave that she ran over and said something about "being right with us." Uhhh... sure.

The food was great but I'd be hesitant to come back until they step up their staff training, especially after reading similar reviews.
So 2nd time here...food is not bad although ive had better pizza...now heres the problem...

Server obviously, lets say, hmmm, not unstoned...but thats not even the problem as thats pretty much the nature of the industry

The problems are....

Never correct a guest when pronunciating menu items...caprese is usually pronounced 2 ways...long e or short e

Ordering what is listed as a bottle of wine should be just that...not here...here u order higher priced wine and then are told it comes out in 2 caraffes...then when u get the carraffe its actually a half carraffe and u honestly dont know what ur drinking

Then when customer brings to ur attention dont justify by offering something free just ensure to give customer what they ordered.

On a plus side tge chicken maxima is deliscious the crabs and linguini awesome...not saying i wouldnt recommend...just be careful
Barra Rosa has a cozy atmosphere and two floors of dining.  I enjoy the gluten free pizza variety they have as well as some of the other dishes.  I mostly get take out from Barra since it seems the take out prices are much less than the sit-in pizza prices.  The staff is always friendly!
Took my daughter and her friend here for dinner before a show at walnut st theater. We had no reservations and there was an hour wait. The maitre d helped with accommodations by seating us right away at the upstairs bar. He asked if we were seeing a show, & said he'd send a waitresses over right away. Our waitress was very attentive and very helpful. We didn't feel rushed and our food came out in a very timely fashion. We had the cheese sampler which was very good. Salads the Chop and the beets & Goat cheese were very tasty and the proportions were a nice size. For dinner my daughter & friend enjoyed the Margarita Pizza cooked to perfection. I had the special scallops and shrimp linguine with sun-dried tomatoes in a vodka sauce. Originally served with a spicy sauce but was very easily substituted with the vodka sauce. I had enough left over for a second meal. We also had coffee and chocolate mousse for dessert. All this and still had 15 minutes before curtain time. 
Thank you so much Barra Rossa for the great dinner (props to the chef), excellent service (all around) and for having us out in time for Sister Act!  we'll definitely be back
Went here after trying to go to Zavino, which had a  2 1/2 hour wait. We didn't have a reservation and were told it would be a few minutes but were seated at a booth upstairs within 2 minutes of arriving. For appetizers, my boyfriend and I shared the mozzarella and tomato antipasto and I had the beet salad. Both were excellent. They get all of their meats and cheeses from DiBrunos. The antipasto was huge and authentic. The highlight of the antipasto was the garlic flatbread! The salad was fresh, crisp, and perfectly dressed. The goat cheese in it was perfect; it didn't have that funny after taste that is sometimes noticeable with lower quality goat cheese. For our entree, we ordered the Gaetano and Fiachetto pizzas. The Gaetano (sausage, broccoli rabe, roasted garlic) was delicious and very flavorful. The broccoli rabe was spot on and had just the right amount of bitterness, I didn't feel like I was eating spinach! The Fiachetto pizza (olives, tomatoes, artichokes, mozzarella, topped with prosciutto), we didn't care for. Everything on it obviously came straight from a can/jar. I saw in previous reviews people complained about service, but I beg to differ: our service noticed we didn't really eat the Fiachetto, asked if anything was wrong with it, and when we told him we just didn't really care for the flavor, he took it off our bill! Other points on the service: drinks were a little slow, my boyfriend got his second beer as we were finishing our meal despite having ordered it well before then. Overall, a decent experience. I agree with the other reviews about the pizza being slightly underdone, especially on the bottom which was surprising because their bread is delicious! I think I would return for the items we ordered but don't know about venturing beyond that.
This spot is underrated in philly. The margarita pizza I have had there is absolutely fantastic. Thin crust (which is yum yum for me) and big mozz chunks. Their pizza is excellent. If they kept their $5 a medium pie happy hour special I'd likely be there most Thursday's. Unfortunately they changed it where that isn't the case. The other food was average but tasty. The calamari was freshly fried with a great garlic aioli. The mussels had an excellent broth that slowly brought a spicy side that I loved. The staff was mediocre and the drinks were more half shot of rum and 2 glasses of coke (in a red solo cup size drink). For the price, it's not an every week spot but something worth a check out
My wife and I came here with some of her coworkers a week or two after they opened. We had a fantastic experience. The bartender Steve was so friendly and easy going. We asked him if they had a happy hour menu. They didn't at the time but the next time we came in they did. The happy hour menu is unbeatable! $3 beers, $4 wines, $5 special drinks, $5 pizzas! 

We eat here often and do happy hour every Monday. The atmosphere and service is great. Their full menu is full of delicious Italian food. I've had many things on the menu and haven't found a thing I dislike. 

I highly recommend Stella Rossa Ristorante!
Went there for one of friends Bday. Think they booked this place because she was on gluten free diet and needed private space for the event. 

Wasn't completely private but they did have sort of separated group dining space. 
Ambiance reminded me modern cafeteria and wasn't impressed. 
We were waited to be seated a bit so I had glimpsed on others pasta dishes and quickly made up my mind to order something safe. I got cheese platter. It's gonna be safe bet c

The platter was HUGE. They gave me so much cheese and that was very generous. Sadly my cheese was not good. Some of them I did not taste any flavor. Kind of rubbery texture when you chew on not so good quality  of cheese. No one really enjoyed it.. Boo.
My sweetheart wanted pasta, and we were in the neighborhood, so we stopped in.  I didn't expect much, as the waiter said they were known for their pizza.  I had spaghetti and meatballs and my sweetheart had chicken served with linguine alfredo.  Both dishes were surprisingly good!  We have eaten at far more expensive Italian restaurants in Philly and enjoyed the food much less....we will go back.  Very good waiter, too.
had a great pizza with a flight of Italian and local beers
The atmosphere was casual yet elegant.  Servers and staff were knowledgeable and friendly.  We will most certainly return.
I love Barra rossa's white pies, and love them even more when they're half off. But, my order was unsatisfying today. I called for takeout and ordered a gaetano pie without the sausage, and asked to add roasted peppers instead of the sausage. The man said that was fine. I went to pick up my order 5 minutes early, and it was already ready. I quickly brought it back to my apartment because I was so hungry- to find out that there were no roasted peppers on the pizza! Definitely unsatisfying for a vegetarian who is eating pizza with no protein on it .. I wanted to add the roasted peppers to make the pizza more filling since the crust is thin and the pizza pie itself is a medium size. On top of that, there was a piece of sausage in my pie! I didn't ask for sausage on my pie for a reason ! Wow is all I have to say.
By far my favorite place to eat in town. My wife and I stopped by last night and like each experience, this was great. We have yet to have a poor experience here. Our waiter was very nice and attentive and the food was hot. It was a very nice night out for us and I would recommend stopping by.
Not a big fan. Service was good & moved pretty quickly, which was appreciated as we were a large party (12) on an office lunch.

I wasn't impressed by the food itself. I got a portobello panini & unsweetened iced tea. The panini was bland & the mushroom was very tough & chewy. The iced tea was very strong (a plus in my book) but it was oddly not translucent. It almost looked like a Thai iced tea. My colleagues were also kind of freaked out by tea's appearance. It tasted fine, but the appearance was off-putting.

We also had a cheese plate & mozzarella antipasto for appetizers. Both were fine, but neither wowed me.

Overall, I doubt I'll be back; there are plenty of better options in Old/Center City (at 9th & Walnut it's kind of on the edge of both).
I've been to Barra Rossa several times but my experience last night made we want to write a review which I rarely do. We had the veggie pizza, meatball appetizer, brussel sprouts, and cheesecake. I don't understand why their pizza doesn't get more attention in the city. So good. And I've never had something on their menu I didn't love. They also knew it was my girlfriend and I's 1 year anniversary so they gave us a glass of champagne to celebrate. Jay is the man, thank you as always!!

Side note - They're the best pre-show dinner spot in the city and give you a show discount. You're welcome!
A less than stellar evening at Stella Rosa.

We arrived to a mostly empty restaurant at about 8:30 in the evening and were seated promptly.  The room is quite nice and was very quiet, not surprising given the sparse crowd.

Our server arrived after a bit and informed us that they had just been completely slammed by a pre-theater crowd.  We thought little of it, until the confusion began.  First, the server skipped over one of our party of five when taking the order and we had to give a shout to get his attention as he wandered away.  Then he delivered the wrong wine.

After a haphazard delivery of appetizers (one salad apparently had to be remade for some reason), our server informed us that they were out of pizza, negating one of our orders.  Now, if they had known that up front, I could understand it, but to only get around to telling us halfway through the meal seemed odd.  

So, okay, we flowed with the change and ordered the gnocchi with meat sauce.  We watched as the server started to place the order in the computer and dropped his head into his hands.  He didn't have the heart to return to our table himself and sent a runner over to tell us they were out of meat sauce.

The food, overall was fairly good.  Nothing to rave about, but a solid three to four star effort without the service issues.  So, I'll leave them at two stars.

They took the price of one entree off the bill, which seemed a bit minimal.  We were going to have a chat with a manager, just to let them know their effort had not been up to par, but he was no where to be found.
I've been to Barra Rossa several times.  A few times with a party of 2, once time with a party of 7 girls, and a few of their private room happy hours. 

I've always enjoyed any drink I ordered here ranging from a fruity frozen drink in the summer to basic wine selections.  When I was here in the large group of girls we all ordered the mozzarella and tomato plate for an appetizer and split several of the pizzas; everything we ordered was delicious and filling, we all had a great time. 

Every time someone has a private happy hour here I try to make it.  The apps they supply are usually tasty and plentiful and I don't know anyone who complains about an open bar. 

I definitely recommend this place for dinner, happy hour (walk-in or private party), or lunch!
The philly dilly pizza is incredible. Tried it for the first time at the Philadelphia Pizza Festival, best pizza at the festival. Just went and ate at the actual restaurant, it's atmosphere is cool, friendly service, and good food. We got the philly dilly pizza, and the buff chicken. The buff chicken was alright but the only bad thing I would have to say about this place is they don't carry ranch. The buff chicken pizza would of been so much better I had some ranch to dip it in. Definitely will be back
So I've eaten here and ordered take out numerous times, the staff is always very nice and professional. However when I got back to work with my order this time, It seemed like the portions were half of what they usually are, and there was no bread with the order, $53 for 3 orders of pasta with no bread, and half full containers is completely unacceptable. If it wasn't for the awesome bartenders and wait staff they would have gotten two less stars. Working across the street in the hospital we frequent this place a good bit but after this we will probably frequent a little less.
I think this used to be a Marathon but now a nice, cool, modern Italian restaurants great for dinners and lunches, and NOT overly pretentious.    

Went with a group of co-workers (8) for a workday lunch.  Easily able to accommodate us, there's a mild lunch rush but not overcrowded and overwhelming.  What struck my eye was the presentation of the bar that just popped out.    

In terms of food, there was a lot of variety on the menu between pizzas, pastas, appetizer.  I was in the mood for chicken parm but the waitress recommended the chicken abruzzi, great choice!  I was worried it would be dry but the layer of cheese made the chicken perfectly tender and moist.  

Everyone was satisfied.  Those that ordered pizza were pleasantly surprised that they were half off.  And we had two vegans who were well taken care of.  Great meal overall, look forward to coming back.
