The last place I stopped by at Reading Terminal Market during my last trip to Philly was Beck's Cajun Cafe.  What can I say?  They had their signature sandwich, The Train Wreck Po' Boy, on display and after walking by it several times, I couldn't resist ordering it.

The Train Wreck Po' Boy -- http://bit.ly/2vnDKbf
andouille, salami, steak, cheese, onions
The Train Wreck is a great Nawlin's take on the classic cheesesteak.  It had a bit of everything inside and had that spicy kick from the andouille.  In a way, it was almost like a jambalaya in a roll with a meaty surprise in every bite.  It definitely worth the try if you're craving a cheesesteak but with a little more kick.

I'm glad I got to stop by Beck's Cajun Cafe before leaving Reading Terminal Market and ending on a high note with the Train Wreck Po' Boy.  I hope I get another chance to come back again and try their other menu items such as their famous Jambalaya, Fried Mac & Cheese, Gumbo-topped Cajun Fries, and their Muffaletta.  They all sound so good!
I've had a Po'boy here, but let's not talk about a meal I've eaten here...  Let's discuss me ordering King Cake's every year.  I have a King Cake shipped from the New Orleans area every year.  Okay, almost every year...  My wife is going to read this and tell me I didn't order one when I was two years old... Back to the King Cakes... I wasn't fully feeling them in recent years, so I've tried some other places and even made my own last year.  This year, I was talking to co-workers and thought about local places.  I knew a place in Reading Terminal Market, didn't recall the name, but after some quick yelp searches, remembered it was Beck's...  I reached out to them and inquired about the King Cake on Instagram.  After a small conversation, I placed an order.  On the day to pickup, there were a lot of King Cakes there.  I was given mine and I got a quick peek before paying.  

"Wow" was seriously my first thought.  I think every company from New Orleans ships with FedEx, along with special FedEx boxes.  They're almost all the same...  None, that I've found, were this large.  Those are smaller, I'm sure for shipping reasons, and sometimes filled with custard, but this was so much larger.  

I personally loved the flavors so much more.  The sugar topping, which is usually too much for me, was more balanced on the Beck's King Cake.  I enjoyed the more brioche like center.   The only complaint I received, was that someone said theirs didn't have a filling in it...  I think they wanted custard...  Which another co-worker won't eat, because he doesn't eat cream cheese...  Even though I don't think there is cream cheese in the Bavarian custard we sometimes get?  I don't like people...  Why do I get these things for everyone?  

Forgetting the "extras" that goes inside, this was a fantastic King Cake and probably the best value I've gotten.  These cakes were decorated nicely too.  You can do that when you aren't depending on FedEx to ship...  I can baby, get it, this cake filled with a baby, all the way back to the office in my car.  I wouldn't be surprised if this is the place I go for now on...  It's more work on my behalf, but I think it's worth it.  I'll just get a tub of custard and fruit fillings and let people dip in the future...  Just to shut them up...
Defn salty but authentic, some good finds

Beck's CAJUN caught my eye amongst the chaos of the Reading Terminal Market, and I wasn't looking back like Lot's wife

Chicken & Andouille Gumbo - over rice, not bad, good spices, tender chicken and hearty sausage, but tad salty
Gator on a Stick - didn't get it, but looked good. "Gator dun" Thanks Larry. 
Alligator Gumbo - VERY SALTY. alligator tastes like.. chicken? yea, chicken with a beefy taste.. beeficken-like
Blackened Chicken Alfredo - gf went nuts, claimed it was cheesiest pasta EVER, too cheesy for me, got sick of it

Popular picks are muffuletta and jambalaya. They also have plenty of soups, etouffee, other gumbos, seafood chowder and good ol' fried po' boys!
I owe this place a long over due review, I'm really not sure how I haven't reviewed this place, yet!
Every time I go to the Reading Terminal Market, I keep browsing, and most of the time, I end up getting something from Beck's Cajun Cafe. It has to be my absolute favorite.

I believe I have tried just about every delicious item on their menu, except the Train Wreck and the Gator. Two legit reasons : The Train Wreck has pork and I don't eat it, and and about that Gator...I can't eat something that could have eaten me in different circumstances!!!  Otherwise, I was happy with every item I have had, and usually a nap would be needed.  

- Heavenly beignets, served four days a week, made to order. Oh boy! 
- Rich and creamy Blackened Chicken Alfredo, with a spicy kick.
- Fancy some Shrimp and Chicken Gumbo? Mind-blewing! 
- Pepper, eggs with provolone breakfast wrap. Its good.
- Blackened Chicken Po' Boy. Not my fav.
- Don't miss the Fried shrimps.  Uh, yeah.
- Fried mac n' cheese balls, they were a little bland and not as good as they sound. 
- Craving king cake, Beck's serves it during Mardi Gras season. I had it for my birthday! Oh, so good...
- Golden Sweet Cornbread. I usually don't like cornbread, but this one is so sweet and moist. 
- Bread Pudding. Okish!

Beck's Cajun Cafe staff is extremely friendly. They always greet everyone with a huge smile, and offer samples of their food. 

Want to try some of spice blends from Beck's pantry? Take some home, they have several: Devil Dust, Angel's Kiss, Rub-a-Dub, Creole Mayo, BBQ Onion Relish and 3 Devils Hot Sauce. 

Four solid Yelps.
What a great choice we made for breakfast. Kimber was so helpful and fun and had great recommendations.  The brioche pecan praline French toast that comes with a side of Cajun potatoes and choice of meat would have been enough for two! But we also ordered the Bourbon Street breakfast which is yummy red beans and rice with an egg on it with grilled corn bread--OMG.  So good. We felt like we made the best choice in Reading Market.
A long, long time ago, in a land far, far away, lived three men who dispite hailling from three different kingdoms, became brothers in their quest for neverending adventures and explorations in an island kindom called Hawaii. First there was Col. Bruce, a stout but devilishly handsome fellow from the kingdom of Cheesesteakville on the eastcoast area of the American Kingdom. 
Then there was Herr Bernhardt, a daring cliff diver from the Bavarian Kingdom. And last but not least there was E'lan, a carefree soldier from the army of the Kingdom of Israel. The three men met while each one were pursuing the hand of the same fair Hawaiian Princess, the lovely Frances Pulawa of Popakoleia. 
Col. Bruce struck first with lyrics from legendary singers and poets from his land like the Duke named Barry White and Sir Marvin of Motown and a young Prince from the Purple Regions. Herr  Bernhardt interupted with a promise to name his next death defiying leap from the cliffs of the Kingdom of Molokai to be dedicated to the fair Princess. 
Not to be undone, E'lan promised to forgoe his life as a soldier to spend it in her arms. But  alas, the three men's efforts were wasted, because the fair Princess Frances chose the hand of a man who had great political ambitions in tha Kingdom of Hawaii.  His name was Prince Mufee, and he appears later on after being crowned Mayor of his kingdom in a photo diplayed by Col. Bruce on his Yelp page.
  The three men became instant  friends and shared many fantastic adventures in the Kingdom of Hawaii for a while. When it was time for each man to return to his kingdom, they made a blood oath to meet again on the milliniun in the Kingdom of America in the parish of New Orleans during the festival honoring the return of the Zulu King and Queen called Mardi Gras. 
Sadly, this promise was never kept and they never saw one another again. so I never got to go to New Orleans and experience the food, but yesterday I got a chance to have a cajun meal at where else? The Reading Terminal Market.  
Beck's Cajun Cafe is located in the rear of the terminal where a lot of business's fail. That's why i always enter the Reading Terminal thru the rear sevice entrance, it makes me feel part of the place. I walked up to the counter and a nice lady with a sharp, short haircut greeted me nicely and offered some samples of their food. Everything I tasted was great and I ordered a bowl pf the Black Eyed Pea vegetable soup and a big, triangle shaped sandwich called a Muffaletta and a dessert called a Beignet. 
The soup was delicious and hearty, spiced just right. The Muffaletta was good if you don't try to compare it to a Hoagie and the Beignet was powdery shot of heaven. Next week I want to try out some more Cajun dishes here and I can hardly wait until i finally reach New Orleans.
This has been my favorite spot to visit while I was in Reading Terminal Market. I had to order the gator gumbo each time I was there. I remembered it used to be more spicy with a darker color before. However, it still tasted great especially with the gator sausages inside. I also liked their gator sausages, which was tender, juicy and crispy outside. My husband preferred to have it inside the gumbo though.
I LOVE Cajun food. From Cajun Kate's. The food by which all other Cajun in the Philadelphia area is judged. I hit Beck's to get my Po'boy fix. Didn't work. The catfish was grossly fishy. When you fry catfish, it should not taste strongly like fish. The cajun fries were limp and the veggies were cooked to death and pretty sad on top. The shrimp was crispy, and well fried, however I would not go back, unless I hear some rave reviews in the future. The creole mayo was a plus. Sorry, but you after eating at Kate's, it is tough find anything that can compete.
The Gator Gumbo was the highlight of my day upon my visit to Reading Terminal. Just to make a clear note, I did not research on what's good and what to avoid at Reading Terminal before my trip. The only spot I was aware of was Bassetts. 

As I wandered around the terminal aisles, I saw a sign that said "Cajun". I immediately speed walked my way over and peaked through their menu and saw some gator. I never had any kind of gumbo in my life, nor have I had gator. I figured, this would be the right place and time to try. 1 order of gator gumbo over rice and it was by far one of the tastiest things I've ever tasted in my life.

The gator meat. I'm not 100% sure if it's actually gator but it tasted darn good. It seemed like they made gator sausages out of them and chopped them into pieces and cooked them in the gumbo. The cajun spices in the gumbo was magnificent. It was not flamethrower spicy, it had a nice kick and it went down just fine with the white rice. It was absolutely delicious and I regret not ordering a second bowl.

Verdict - Something this good is worth trying. Some may be discouraged because of the gator meat but trust me, just pretend you didn't hear the word "gator" and you'll love it. After trying other vendors in Reading Terminal, when it comes to hot food, I choose Beck's Cajun Cafe over everything else I've tried. The gumbo was served in the right temperature and the service was outstanding.
Philly's best gator spot hands down. My gator po boy and baguette brought me back to NOLA. 

Don't forget to check in on Yelp for 5% off.

They have breakfast options, but breakfast stops at 11am, which is unfortunate.

Becks is popular and the food is made to order so expect a wait. It's worth it though.
As far as creole Cajun cuisine in Philly goes, Becks might just be the best (still have to try some Khyber po'boys). Its only real downfall is that you can only get and enjoyment during Reading Terminal hours and oftentimes have to stand in a pressure inducing line as a result (have never had it as bad as Eva has though). but getting the chance to chow down on some legit gumbo and po'boys almost always makes it worth it.

From the etouffees of the day and red beans & rice, to corn meal catfish and blackened chicken, Becks definitely has plenty to add a little heat to your palate. But the stand outs are definitely po'boys! whether you go traditional with the likes of fried shrimp or fried oyster, or go all out with their specialty alligator sausage po'boy that's smothered in creole mustard; you're guaranteed to experience true lunch satisfaction.

Bonus points for the incredible cornbread, and the fact that you can pick up Louisiana staples like Zapp's Chips and Abita root beer!
I can't help but stop at Beck's every time I'm in the Amish market....and Beiler's for cake...but I digress. Becky's has these great Mac n' cheese balls that are so fun and delicious! I could probably eat these suckers everyday until I'm 500 lbs.

Beck's version of the NOLA cheese steak is also worth gaining a few extra lbs. It is filled with delicious spicy sausage and extra seasoned for the creole kick to the mouth. 

The staff is super friendly here and will give you a sample of anything before you commit to purchasing which is great if you don't know what level of heat you can handle. The line is usually barely as well, in comparison the other other places around. Beck's you got me boo.
If you are at the Reading Terminal, you NEED to make a stop at Beck's Cafe and treat yourself to some Cajun lovin'. I visit this place several times a month, usually on a weekly basis, and I am never disappointed. You can eat in or take out, but why wouldn't you want to sit down and relax while eating some delicious hot and fresh gator gumbo? The girls who work there are also awesome and they know how to make you feel appreciated. This place gets 5 out of 5 stars from me. Go to Beck's!
Quite an exciting menu.  I ended up having the shrimp and crawfish etouffee and the shrimp and crawfish pasta salad.  I liked both , especially the big chunks of okra in the etouffee.  One of the people with me had the catfish po'boy.  I had a bite, and it was amazing.  Another person had the Trainwreck sandwich, and he was very happy with that choice.  The service was quick and friendly (you order at the counter and then wander off to find a seat in the open area).
We enjoyed the Gumbo & a Short Rib Po Boy at Beck's Cajun Cafe in the Reading Terminal Market. The counter service is friendly & fast served, with reasonable prices for the amount of great food provided. Highly recommend.
Since visiting NOLA in 2007 (and eating my way through the city) I have been un-apologetically obsessed with the cuisine.  But because I started with the best, nothing has even come close to pleasing my palate in the way authentic New Orleans food did. 
Until I finally tried Beck's Cajun Cafe. Um, yum. Their shrimp po boy was spot on. Their jambalaya looks absolutely fantastic. They even serve beignets! Also, the portions are ridiculously huge, which means i got to enjoy my po boy twice. Win.
Another huge plus to this place is that they even have a counter for customers to sit at and enjoy their meal. In a location as crowded as Reading Terminal, this is a big deal!
A friend and I visited Philly and at the end of a long day and driving around Reading Terminal Market several times trying to find parking, we landed on Beck's after a short stroll through the building. The staff were super friendly and although it was close to closing, encouraged us to sample different dishes and gave us a lot of detail.

I ordered a blackened chicken po'boy and chicken and corn chowder, and my friend ordered gumbo and fried mac and cheese. I scarfed down my po'boy before we departed for home, and it was very good - the chicken was tender and juicy, but for someone who loves spice, would have loved more spice and flavor in there. The fried mac and cheese smackedddd!!! (it's a good thing). My friend and I ate our chowder and gumbo at home and we both thoroughly enjoyed both. 

All in all, I would definitely come back and try more of their food!!
This food stall in the Reading Terminal serves up one delectable oyster po' boy, a large sandwich stuffed with lettuce and pickles and a spicy tartar sauce. On top of it all are the plump, fried oysters of the name. The sandwich bread is way better than the authentic Nola bread that always tastes stale and has the texture of mothballs. Beck's bread has a nice crust and soft interior, perfect to sop up the tartar sauce. Unlike the gumbo and some of the other foodstuffs sold in the heated trays, the po boy is done fresh and tastes like it. My only complaint would be that for $12.95, they could have thrown on more oysters--hey, you ain't fooling this gal with all that stuffing of lettuce and pickles, however delicious the whole combo was. However, the four large ones on the po' boy were definitely plump and juicy. Becks has other Cajun and Creole foods like gator po boys and mac and cheese, which I didn't try. I tasted the gumbo and thought it was a mite too salty. Becks sells takeout on one side and has a retro looking ounter on the other if you want to sit and eat your meal in the frenetic environment of the market.
I found nothing exceptional here except the tasty Three Devil's Hot Sauce.  The fried macaroni and cheese balls were on the bland reheated side and you got only two for $4.50.  The king cake was on the hard and stale end of the spectrum.  Admittedly it was a few days past Mardi Gras when I ordered the king cake .... but still - it should have either been reduced in price or tossed out.
For years, I have lamented about the lack of good cajun food in Philly. Thank you, Beck's, for filling this GAPING void. I think the first time I tried this place, it may have been in part because the line at Dinic's was unbearably long and the throngs of people waiting were spilling over into Beck's stall space (they are next to each other)... and boy am I glad my inner fatty couldn't wait another minute because I just don't know what I'd do without this jumbalaya! 

I will note that the service here is a bit terrible. Don't get me wrong - everyone is very nice, but ... SLOW-moving. VERY slow moving. I have never seen a more inefficient operation in my life, but like I said, they are super pleasant and helpful so you forgive them for taking 10+ minutes to pack  your order and collect payment (note: I've been there at least 4x and it's been true every single time). 

As an example of the employees' niceness/helpfulness, as an FYI, they do let you sample pretty much any of the entrees so you can make sure it's not too spicy or too peppery etc for you.

Also, no credit card machine here so bring CASH.

WHAT WE ATE
*Jumbalaya: perfect. perfect. AND it's surprisingly spicy! It's less saucy then some jumbalayas I have had, but still really flavorful and the rice is perfectly cooked. They also usually spoon on a bit of sauce on top and adds that extra flavor. IF you get the right cashier, she will upsell you the cornbread - GET IT - and eat it TOGETHER. They're not messing around when they say the cornbread + jumbalaya flavors complement each other like whoa.  

*Etouffee - the flavors of the bell peppers were a bit TOO strong for my personal liking, but I could appreciate the complexity of the flavors and the spiciness here as well. My friends really liked this dish, so I did want to mention. 

*Oyster Po'Boy - I thought the fried oyster was great. The breading they use to coat the po boy sandwich meats (and oysters) are really tasty and not overwhelming. I wish there was more oyster in the sandwich itself, but that would be the only complaint. 

*Beignets - warm and delightfully light fried dough and generous dusting of powdered sugar make this dessert just decadent enough. 

*Praline cookies - these were decent, but not the best I've ever had. The color was a bit darker than I was used to (more coffee with a splash of milk rather than latte color) and it almost tasted like they had burned/overcooked the butter or brown sugar. 

Beck's also has this authentic root beer from New Orleans available. I'm not a root beer fan so haven't tried, but I keep hearing awesome things about it.
I had such high hopes for this place, but I think what I ordered just isn't their Best. I wanted to try the Oyster Poor boy, which I have had at other Cajun cuisine places. Theirs was promising, since the chiptole aoli mayo was to die for! I bit into it, couldn't taste the oysters, There was soooo Much breading around it, plus the torpedo roll, all I tasted was the mayo & breading. I was hoping maybe it was just the one oyster, so I kept eating it, Nope..all of the above. Was SO disappointed.Not happy at all. Think the other stuff might be better, then I wanted to also try the beignets, the girl behind the counter said " oh , no, we only make them on Mon & Wednesdays only !! WTF?? How are people able to try them, when we work, don't your money makers -shouldn't you sell them more on weekends?? What a loss..Not likely I will go back...too bad ...
After a long, cold day in Philly we found ourselves in the warm and vibrant Reading Terminal Market.  We had only come to browse, as we had planned to eat dinner at the Continental, but our hunger quickly caught up to us and we soon found ourselves drooling over Beck's southern delicacies.

Now, I'm no expert on Southern food, far from it.  But to my credit, I have enjoyed Southern cuisine in New Orleans, so I think that buys me just a little bit of respect.  

That said, I found Beck's surprisingly good.

The wait staff was incredibly friendly, offering samples of just about anything we wanted and patiently waiting for us to decide on what we'd like.  We ended up going for the gator gumbo and shrimp crawfish pasta--both excellent!  Gator gumbo was rich, flavorful, and had a good amount of meat and rice.  Shrimp crawfish pasta was simple with a tasty sauce.

The only knock is that it's a little pricey given the quantities.  But if you live around Philly and you're craving some good Southern food, this is a solid choice.
This is one of the few Cajun places in the Philly area that I recommend if you are feeling adventurous or having a Cajun craving.

I recommend trying the gator sausage (by itself versus Po Boy style) to get the full taste of it.  It comes with a hot dipping sauce which compliments it well.  The Train Wreck is a classic if you are looking to be filled - it's packed with various meats, cheeses, and a sauce that melts in your mouth.  I must say the sauce they add is strong and the sandwich itself may be heavy for one's liking, but otherwise good in my opinion!
I went here twice because it was that good!

I had the shrimp & crawfish étouffée, jambalaya, fried oysters, fried catfish, and Cajun fries.

They were all good but I would say that the catfish and étouffée was super tasty!

I recommend coming here and I'd love to come back again.
Standing in line is a great way to work up an appetite. You wait and wait and you are already hungry to begin with. As the minutes go by, you just get hungrier. You inch forward and Beck's Cajun Cafe stares back at you.

Yup, you guessed it. I was in line for Tommy DiNic's. I saw Beck's baseball sized breaded fried goodness. I thought they were arancini balls. Closer, I realized they were fried mac n cheese balls and Cajun. Even better, I had to try it.

The mac n cheese balls come two to an order. They come with a marinara sauce to cut the dryness. I actually think the mac n cheese balls are really good even though they could use more of a kick and hot sauce, perhaps. It's pretty rich and heavy so sharing is suggested.

Definitely a good snack and a must if you're waiting next door for food.
(review from summer of 2016)

Ordered the gator gumbo or whatever the hell it was, had a piece of aluminum in my gumbo... wouldn't recommend.

Otherwise, Reading market is quite pleasant.
It was so hard choosing a place to get food at the Reading Terminal because they are just so many options, but I was glad that I decided to get food from this place. I got the chicken and shrimp jambalaya. It was fairly spicy and very flavorful. I couldn't make a dent into the jambalaya, so I ended up taking most of it home. For some reason, I liked the jambalaya a lot better when I got home and when it was cold. I thought it was a lot more spicier when I got it piping hot.  This is a good option if you are confused about what to eat at Reading Terminal.
What a great surprise!  We ordered the Train wreck Po' Boy and it was one of the top 3 items that we ate in Philly.  Who knew? Although the combination sounded irresistible - cheesesteak, salami, andouille sausage, cheese and onions..  Why not?  

And thankfully, we tried it and it was off the charts.   The steak was tender and the cheese melded all the flavors of the andouille, salami, and steak together.  I think they added some Cajun spice to it too.  

We also ordered the fried oysters which everyone enjoyed..  there was just the right amount of crunch outside while protecting a large juicy tender oyster inside.  My husband, who's a tough critic, said it's one of the best fried oysters he's had..  

It's one of the must visit places I would go to in the Reading Terminal Market  ..
It was really hard to settle on a place to grab a late breakfast with all the options that Reading Terminal had to offer. But, I'm happy we decided on Beck's! The ladies behind the counter were so kind and patient, and let my husband I sample the gator gumbo, etouffe and chowder before we decided on our orders.
My husband loved his oyster po boy and shrimp and corn chowder. I had the bayou breakfast: white rice topped with gator gumbo, a fried egg, cheese and cornbread. Phenomenal! Highly recommended!
If you look up lists of things to not miss at Reading the Train Wreck Po Boy is always on that list so decided to give it a try. For $10 its full of meat so a pretty good value, also one of the very few places in Reading that has counter seating which is a plus! Their signature hot sauce is really good, highly recommend adding that to the sandwich though it only has meat, onions and sauce, no other veggies! Overall still a heavy, filling sandwich with a little bit of spice and pretty good flavor. And service was FAST so good if you are trying to eat and get out and explore quickly
So this Southern Cajun boy needed some good ol' cajun fare and a Po'boy just sounded like what I needed at the time. Its been a hot second since I've had one and walking by this little store front gave me pretty good vibes.

I ordered the fried shrimp po'boy and I was thoroughly impressed. The pricing was good, about $10 for a large sandwich. I literally split it into two meals, maybe I wasn't super hungry as I'd eaten my way through Philly but its definitely a hearty meal if you eat the full sandwich. The shrimp was fried well, good crunch, good shrimp flavor, a bit overfried so a little dry. However, the sauce made up for it and really brought the po'boy together. The bread held up very well too, this wasn't one of those sandwiches that just fall apart the second you take a bite!

I'll definitely have to come back some day and try their other fare. They have your menu of NOLA classics like jambalaya, gumbo, etoufee so there's plenty of options for anyone trying to fill a cajun itch.
Every time I pay a visit to Reading Terminal Market, I make sure to stop by Beck's. This stall serves some of the best Cajun food I've ever had. Their gumbo is one of their more popular items offered here and it's truly delicious. They offer a variety of different gumbos including chicken/shrimp and even gator gumbo. 

For those that are a bit hesitant about trying out gator, its surprisingly delicious. It has the aftertaste of chicken and does not have an fishy taste to it...as one may have expected. My recommendation would be to order the gator gumbo with jambalaya, even if it's $2 more. The jambalaya has a nice kick of spiciness to it and it makes the overall dish much more enjoyable. 

Overall, I've had pretty decent experiences at Beck's. I look forward to trying out their fried Mac and cheese balls with gumbo and fried catfish the next time i visit.
4.25 to be exact.

Are you a fan of spicy food? Are you walking around Reading Terminal looking for a place to eat? If you are, then I definitely suggest coming by Beck's Cajun Cafe! Having a tolerance for spicy food will definitely allow you to try some of their best dishes and have a great experience eating here.  It's good to experience some nice Southern Comfort food!  Are you skeptical on how the spiciness is?  Well the nice thing is that the employees typically give out some free samples of their dishes, so you can see for yourself before ordering one.

I was able to try three great dishes here that are all spicy and delicious:

Jambalaya Bowl:  Sausage, chicken, and shrimp with rice, peppers and Creole spices.  A very flavorful dish with a lot going on in it.  Make sure you can tolerate it's spiciness since it is present all over the dish.

Blacked Chicken Alfredo:  I personally love alfredo pasta, so I was already biased upon tasting this and really enjoyed the dish.  For the size of the dish, they give you an appropriate amount of chicken.  The Cajun seasoning on top are what gives the kick in this dish, so I would say this is a good option for people who cannot handle heavy spiciness since it is not present all around.

Gator Gumbo: This is my favorite dish here! You get a good amount of meat and rice in here, and the spiciness is all over!  You can taste the smokiness in this thick dish. Definitely make sure you try a sample of this and be ready to eat that reptile!

As a side, also try their cornbread, this is pretty good as well.

Overall, spicy faces should be all over this place! You cannot go wrong with the prices here too, so enjoy!
AMAZING!!

i really wanted to try out the Gumbo from Beck's- so even after a huge breakfast, i sat down at the booth and asked for a bowl. the lady behind the corner was soooooo adorable and sweet. she asked if i wanted cornbread and had me try the crawfish rice. the cornbread was a little dry and dense, but it was nice of her to give it to me for no charge. 

the Gumbo was perfect. chunky, soothing and spicy. every sip and nibble i had of that stuff was pure electric heaven. i have dreams about this Gumbo every time i think of Philly. 

despite the FAIL in cornbread (which they really should improve on pronto!), the genuine sweetness of the lady and deliciousness of the entrees makes it worth while.
Wow! Beck's has one of the best gumbos I have ever had! Seriously, who knew that this small counter service spot in Philadelphia would be better then some of the places I've eaten at in New Orleans?!?!?! 

Over the summer we had a quick weekend trip to Philly. In my planning I found Reading Terminal Market and planned on having lunch there. We're from New England so we are used to food halls like Quincy Market in Boston, well Reading Terminal is like Quincy Market on steroids! There are a lot of options, but I had read about the Trainwreck sandwich at Beck's so we knew we wanted to stop by there. We walked by when we were checking all the different stands out and a girl behind the counter offered us a sample of the gumbo, the sealed the deal, we knew we were  going to eat something here. Well after walking around we decided all we wanted was cajun food so back to Beck's we went. Luckily there were 2 stools open and the waitress behind the counter welcomed us very enthusiastically.

We decided to split a Trainwreck, I got the chicken & andouille gumbo, and my husband got the gator gumbo. We were blown away by everything! First I appreciate them having a non-seafood option for gumbo. I don't like seafood so often I have to skip the gumbo at most cajun places. The gumbo was so rich and flavorful and had a little heat to it. My husband was over the moon with his gator gumbo, I tried a bite and it was good. We had to force ourselves to put the gumbos aside so we could tackle the sandwich. The trainwreck is such an interesting take on the classic cheesesteak sandwich. It also was delicious and big, good thing we chose to split it. The serving sizes here are pretty large, we ended up having to pack up our leftover gumbos to take home. They were still just as delicious re-heated!

I wish Philly wasn't a 6 hour drive away, because I might make the trip just for more of Beck's gumbo!
Beck's Cajun Cafe has become my favorite spot in all of Reading Terminal. I've grown to like Beck's even more than DiNic's famous roast pork sandwich. Don't get me wrong DiNic's is still on my favorite list, just Beck's has been my top goto spot whenever I'm in Philly.

The gator gumbo in my opinion is always a must. Don't think too much about the gator. It's more like a pork sausage if anything since it does contain pork. But the gumbo itself is savory and full of robust flavors mixed with plain rice or jambalaya, it's a delicious combination.

I ordered just a gator sausage on a stick. It seemed pretty good because my dad hogged it! Guy didn't even share one piece. He kept dunking the sausage into their mustard and finished it within seconds so it must be good.

The train wreck po'boy was a first for me. Prior to this visit, we've only come to Beck's for their gator gumbo and fried Mac and cheese. I wanted something different this time so I gave the po'boy a shot and it did not disappoint. The hoagie for one was probably a better hoagie than most sandwiches spots I've been to in Philly. The taste and juiciness of the meat and ingredients inside was like an explosive orgasm in your mouth. It's not a sandwich that you need to rush and eat before it gets cold. Take your time with this one because it likes it slow. Comparing this sandwich to DiNic's, you have to rush to eat the roast pork sandwich at DiNic's because that sandwich taste like crap when it gets cold and dried up.

Verdict - It's probably no secret to folks who goto Reading Terminal regularly. Beck's has to be one of the best spots to eat in this place. The Cajun flavors here are just spot on and reminds you of New Orleans. Whether you been there or not, this is a taste of New Orleans and a must try for those who like like Cajun spices.
I don't know about anyone else but when I travel I make a list...not what to pack, I wing that like a pro on the go! I make a list of places I wanna see, where I want to photograph (shameless plug: CHECK ME OUT ON IG: HudsonFinch), and most importantly WHAT I WANT TO EAT! 
Philly especially falls into this last list category because it is a food paradise and BECKS is always the top of our list. 

Located inside Reading Terminal Market, Becks is a RTM institution and the place to get some of the best Gumbo I've ever had (yes, I've been to New Orleans and I like it too). So step up, fight ur way through the RTM Saturday crowd, grab a stool at the bar, and let me tell u about this place. 

There are about 10 stools at the bar and most of the time they are full because the food is out of this Cajun world. I'm pretty sure anything on the menu is amazing but I can never not order the Gumbo. Prices are great and the menu has a lot of exciting options. 

I always get the Shrimp & Chicken Gumbo and my husband literally craves the Alligator Gumbo. It comes with white rice but u have the option to get the jambalaya rice...DOOOOO ITTTTT! The flavor is outstanding! The spice is just right, not too spicy but just the right amount of heat that makes u grab for a sip of water because u at lest wanna be prepared for the fury.  Tip: add a side of grilled cornbread...the cornbread is great but put some butter on it and have it grilled and u better hope u know the person beside u because they are gonna get slapped. Lol. (Today I stayed under control because there was a baby beside me with an unusually loud Jingle Bell rattle and well, that's a whole other review!) But anyway, that cornbread...melt in ur mouth, the sweet with the heat of the Gumbo is a combination u just never forget. 

I always tell people that the Gumbo with the rice is a large portion so if ur with someone that doesn't mind sharing maybe order a couple of things off the menu and do a halftime swap so u can try more. That's the advice I give but never take myself. Lol. 

And for those that think Reading Terminal Market is a little intimidating...make Becks ur reason to get into the Philly frame of mind! "No one likes us and we don't care!" So push through the crowd with purpose, stand ur ground, get that stool at the bar, and always sprinkle it with a little charm like "excuse me", it will be worth it when u taste that first bite of Becks! Happy Eating! I hope u leave loving Philly as much as I do!!
During a trip to Philly I stopped at Reading Terminal market for a quick lunch.  I'm from New Orleans so was excited to see a Cajun Cafe, though I rarely get my hopes up for Cajun food since it rarely meets my expectations outside of New Orleans.  However, I was pleasantly surprised that this place was fantastic.  I had an oyster poboy which had a great selection of good sized fried oysters on it and fresh bread.  They have a special sauce of their own creation they put on it which is less traditional, but still tasty.  It looked like a mayonnaise base with some spice in it but had a bit more vinegar flavor than I was expecting.  They also gave me a sample of their vanilla rum bread pudding and it was amazing.  I wish I had room to buy a piece of it but I was quite full after my sandwich. The person next to me ordered the gumbo and it also looked perfect, nice and thick with a traditional roux.   The server was also quite friendly and service was prompt.  I would definitely go back again next time I'm in Philly.
Outstanding!! Being from New Orleans, this place was pretty damn close! Everything we had was tasty and delicious!
While perusing Reading Terminal Market on a surprisingly quiet Sunday afternoon, I was lured by Beck's Cajun Cafe with their massive menu and delicious-looking tomato Creole sauce (spoiler alert: it was as good as it looked).

I wanted literally all of the options, but my greedy stomach settled for a blackened catfish platter with grilled cornbread and red beans and rice. Plus, I just had to get some tomato Creole sauce on the side. The catfish was perfectly cooked and very flavorful, and the dish as a whole was delightful.

A very comforting and affordable meal for $12, and I look forward to returning for more.
Oh Beck's, I like you. I really, really like you. I like you so much that you're one of my top 3 favorite RTM vendors thus far.

FOOD:
Gator Gumbo w/ Jambalaya Base ($7.95): Damn good. The texture of the rice was perfect, there was plenty of meat (especially shrimp and sausage), and in every creamy spoonful, you could taste the bold flavors and spices come together. I have no complaints and would order it again for sure.

Gator Sausage ($8.50/ea): Spicy, tender, and flavorful. The casing has a nice "snap" to it when you take a bite, while the spices are well balanced. It came on a stick and with a container of mustard that, in my opinion, only overpowers the sausage. It's good as is.

Train Wreck Po Boy ($9.95): We were thinking of ordering a cheesesteak from another vendor, but I'm glad we opted for this po boy instead. It's packed with plenty of chopped steak, salami, andouille sausage, onions, and melted cheese that binds and makes everything creamy. The bread they use is soft and the perfect vessel for the meaty filling of this nicely sized po boy.

VERDICT:
So, so close to being a 5-star rating. However, Beck's loses a star for the gator sausage. As much as I like it, I don't think one link is worth $8.50. If I only knew the sausage on its own (on a stick) costs the same as the Gator Sausage Po Boy, then I would have ordered the po boy instead. Nonetheless, I'll be back.
In the mood for something with a spicy kick? A little southern twang? Who's your crawdaddy? Look no further than Beck's Cajun Cafe, housed at Reading Terminal Market. 

It's smack dab in the middle of the market.

They've got a variety of menu items - the oft proclaimed Muffaletta, po' boys, étouffée, gumbo - the list goes on and on.

Curious as to what exactly I'm talking about?

Beck's personable servers will help you out there! They will give you samples of their grub. Make sure to try the gumbo and jambalaya while you order and wait - both dishes will impart you a spicy kick to the back your throat. In fact - got a cold? Go get yourself some Beck's gumbo!  

Fried Mac and Cheese ($3.95)

The GF and I started off with two ginormous-sized balls (that's what she said). Crisply fried with lightly seasoned panko and a creamy mac n cheese within - this was great. It came accompanied with a sweet tomato dipping sauce with roasted chunks of tomato. Hard to get the huge chunks of fried mac and cheese in there though!

1/4 Muffaletta ($5.95)

A muffaletta is both a round Sicilian sesame bread and the popular sub from New Orleans (uses the Sicilian bread of course!). Cut into quarter slices, these things are immense. Stuffed with salami, ham, and mortadella, you've got a meaty bite to look forward to. Be prepared though - the olive salad within is expectedly salty. The sharp nutty, funky provolone tries to assuage the saltiness, but just barely fails. The bread is the perfect vehicle to house everything though.  

Blackened Chicken Po Boy Wrap ($7.25)

The GF opted for the po boy in wrap form. The chicken was nicely seasoned and the mayo had a nice spicky kick. The pickles helped to elevate the wrap with a vinegary tang and crunch.

Train Wreck Po Boy ($7.95)

But the real reason I came to Beck's? To get a bite of their Train Wreck, a cheese steak on crack. Andouille sausage, steak, salami, cheese, and fried onions are all stuffed into this monstrosity. This iteration of a Philly cheese steak actually integrates the cheese really well (apparently hard to do for most Philly institutions). It's got a nice spicy kick on the tip of your tongue, rather than on the back of your throat. It's coma-inducing (in a good way!) and a definite re-order (not just a must order)! That's right - you may as well order two. The one fault? The bread is quite airy so might benefit from being toasted or grilled on the outside.

Overall, Beck's is a sure-fire bet for good, spicy food that will leave you filled and asking for more. I love Tommy Dinic's but if you're looking for something outside of the box with some kick - check out Beck's Cajun Cafe.
I had to try the number 1, 2 and 8 items that were rated as some of the best (pending on who's list).

Number 1... the train wreck... very tasty. An unconventional steak and cheese. It has sausage, salami, steak, onions and cheese. I think it's my new favorite steak and cheese.

Number 2... mac and cheese balls... very well done. Typically from other places they come dried out and barely and mac and cheese inside. Becks was cheese and gooey. Fantastic and fun item.

Number 8..my gator gumbo. It's tasty. No complaints. Their gumbo is thick and not watery which I love. I preferred the chicken and shrimp instead of gator.
Fried mac n cheese bites are a great snack to munch on as you peruse around Reading Terminal Market!
Beck's really hit the spot yesterday. The Terminal Market was nuts, you could barely walk through, the lines were extra long, and it wasn't easy to find a quick spot to grab lunch. Somehow Beck's seemed to move customers right in and out unlike the other lunch options. They were very quick and efficient. 

I had the Alligator Sausage Po Boy for $8.95. It was grilled alligator sausage topped with caramelized onions, peppers, and creole mustard. Delicious!! I also took Jambalaya home for my boyfriend (his favorite) topped with Gator Gumbo for $10.45. He said it was one of the best he's ever had. Very pleased with my lunch from Beck's!
Beck's is pretty good.  I had a chance to check out the jambalaya, oyster po'boy and Cajun fries.

It seemed the jambalaya was a little skimpy in the meat category.  It took me at least 3 or 4 forkfuls before I found my first shrimp.  

When I eat jambalaya, the shrimp should be an unhidden part of the mix and not a joyful surprise when I finally find one.  Don't get me wrong - I like surprises.  I just don't like when the surprise happens to be "less shrimp than I'd hoped in my jambalaya."  It is a very crappy surprise.  Same goes for the sausage.  That being said, the flavor of the rice was good and the tomatoes from the sauce had a great texture.

The cajun fries were A-OK.

The Oyster po'boy was tasty but the roll could be a little softer.  I hate, hate, hate, hate struggling with my sandwich to rend pieces from it.  This is supposed to be lunch and not a test of the torque-resilience of my maxillary incisors.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this establishment is Collateral Damage.
Just had lunch from there and was thoroughly impressed. The Trainwreck was a great swap instead of another cheese steak from Carmen's (not knocking Carmen's, just wanted something a bit different). The gumbo was ridiculously good - best roux I've had in a while! Bread pudding also super tasty. I would wait for this again in a heartbeat.
I stumbled across this place when I was standing in a 30-minute line for Dinic's, when someone working at Beck's asked my friends and I if we wanted a sample of gator. Not only was the gator cooked perfectly, but the sauce was to die for. Way to win over some customers!

This Cajun grub is as good as it gets outside of New Orleans. The fried mac & cheese balls in creole sauce are a personal favorite! The muffalettas are huge and also delicious. Anything with gator in it is good, especially the gumbo. A personal favorite is actually the vegetarian po boy, which has fried eggplant, melty ooey-gooey cheese, and an assortment of sauteed vegetables. Another favorite is the bread pudding. It has the best cinnamon flavor and comes with raisins and sliced pear bakes into it.

Given the crowds that can line up outside of this place, food comes out pretty quickly. The staff members are always super friendly, no matter how busy they are. This is definitely worth a visit if you're in Reading Terminal!!
Came here twice on a recent trip.  And loved it.  It was as close to New Orleans food as a fast-food place outside on New Orleans will get.

Why? The gumbo of course. Which was spicy and rich.  I enjoyed both the Chicken & Sausage gumbo. But I'm glad I tried the Gator gumbo too which had a wonderful kick to it.

And yes, gator kinda tastes like chicken, right?

Anyways, it was good and reasonable in price. Big portions too.
Went to Reading Terminal for lunch and found this gem of a place in the middle of the market.  They serve an assortment of cajun food, po boys, jambalaya, and an assortment of fried seafoods.  I decided to order a fried shrimp platter for about $12 that came with red beans and rice and a piece of their cornbread.  The lunch rush was moderately busy for a weekday but the meal did not dissapoint.  Looking forward to visiting again.
Walking into Reading Terminal Market, it can be very overwhelming to decide what you want to eat. After doing some laps this place caught my eye! The menu looked super appetizing and had some awesome choices. I was a little sad because I wanted to order one of the breakfast options but they stop serving breakfast at 11. Definitely would come earlier to try those though. I was looking at the Trainwreck and it won me over when the girl behind the counter had told me that it won awards for the last 2 years in a row. Our food came out really quick and was steaming hot. The sandwich was SO good. The meat was perfectly chopped and the sauce that was on it made my mouth water. 10/10 would order again. My sister ordered the turkey po' boy and it seemed a little plain tasting. The staff all seemed really nice here and the girl who helped us was so sweet and talkative. Stop by this place to satisfy your Cajun cravings!
The shrimp and chicken gumbo here was just delicious !! The service was fast and friendly and it was worth every penny. 

I make it a point to stop by here when I am in reading terminal. You won't be disappointed.
This is a must stop for me every time I get to Philly. Thank goodness it's almost always a weekend trip so I can get a couple meals here, because it's so hard to choose what to get. 

I recommend the shrimp po boy, but the real money is the snapper turtle soup. Thick and spicy it's out of this world. Another great sandwich is the gator sausage.

Morale of the story, you can't go wrong with any of it. Just get there.
wow - what great food and services.... got to enjoy some free samples too.... I'd recommend this place to anyone.

They should open a restaurant with in store seating, business looks to great to not make that investment
We tried the rice and beans as well as a shrimp Po boy sandwich the sandwich itself was very dry. the amount of shrimp were decent, not too many but not too few just enough. It could have used a little bit more mayo or some sort of condiment that helped moisten the sandwich. The  red beans and rice were really good my son absolutely loved it. He ate an entire serving all on his own. Service is friendly and they help suggest things that you would like to eat I want to try a little bit of everything but they didn't have any type a sampler which would've been nice. I would definitely try this place again
WOW...This place was amazing. I got the Jambalaya and my boyfriend got the Train Wreck (steak, andouille, salami, fried onions, creole mayo). We also split the cajun fries.  Everything was delicious! amazing flavors.  Jambalaya was packed with chicken, andouille and shrimp. very good!  I was able to grab a couple bites of the train wreck. WOWZA. It was soooo goood! I couldnt believe my eyes when i saw the line stretching around the corner for the Dinics Roast Pork when you could have a train wreck ( i know the dinics is amazing too), this train wreck is prob the best sandwich i have ever eaten in this city. Forget all the gourmet burgers and the cheese steak shops. GET THE TRAIN WRECK. kind of reminded me a bit of a schmitter, but dare i say EVEN BETTER than the schmitter.

this is an absolute must in this city!

All Hail The Train Wreck

fyi you will feel a little train wrecked after eating it! just look at the ingredients you know what you're getting in to! Just go for it.
I came here once because i heard they offered Beignets on wed and sun.. and they do!

OM GOSH ever since I've been to Louisiana I've had a craving for these delightful French donuts. and i finally found them.

They aren't as good as the ones in the French quarter but they will do for now.
Fried Shrimp Po Boy........

This was my first meal in Philadelphia during my 4-day stay, and did it ever set the bar high. While planning my trip, I searched for places that would offer large portions at a low cost. This sandwich fit that description to a t. The sandwich was nearly a foot long and was filled with a generous portion of deliciously fried shrimp and creamy cole slaw, all at under $9. 

While waiting for my sandwich to be made, I was offered a sample of their Gator Gumbo, which was equally delicious and was something I would probably order for my next visit. 

On your visit to Reading Terminal Market, definitely give Beck's a shot.
Whenever I go to an event at the convention center, Beck's is my choice for lunch at RTM. We went around 11am which was perfect since there were plenty of spots at the counter. It's pretty small so if you want counter service, I would go a little early or a little later as it gets busy around the lunch rush. Our waitress was fast, friendly and able to make great suggestions like adding gumbo on top of the jambalaya. 

Usually I order the shrimp po boy but I wanted to try the famous "train wreck" po boy this visit. It did not disappoint. Think philly cheesesteak meets creole. There's a ton of meat on this guy so make sure you are hungry or prepared to take some home. I wouldn't bother with the cornbread but do try the snapper soup. You really can't go wrong with most of the classics here and if you're looking for a bit of NOLA in Philly, Beck's is the place to go.
I LOVE Cajun/Creole cuisine. I would say Beck's is probably one of the better options in the area if you're craving some food from New Orleans, but it just doesn't compare to the food down south. We had the jambalaya, shrimp po' boy and a small side of their blackened chicken alfredo. The jambalaya was well seasoned and we doused our bowl with their special hot sauce (so good - definitely going to buy a few bottles the next time I visit), which really kicked things up a bit. My only complaint was how DRY the chicken was - very chewy. The shrimp po' boy was a decent size and came halved. The blackened chicken alfredo reminded me of something you see at an Applebee's. Not bad, but the similarity is there. Once again, the chicken was really dry.
Had a hankering for Cajun and work took me close to the Market so I made a special stop to pick up lunch for the gang back in the office.

Very disappointed in everything - the food AND the portion sizes. 

First of all, they STIFFED me in charging for jambalaya and not including it in my bags. 

The gumbo was weak. Where's the dark roux for legit gumbo? I'm a NOLA regular and the gumbos there are dark in color and much more favorable. 

The red beans and rice were different than traditional red beans and rice I get on bourbon street. It was okay but not what I expected.

The fried Mac and cheese was two tiny balls of Mac. Spicy but not a hit with the person who ordered it. 

The corn chowder was better than the gumbo. 

The portion sizes are ridiculously small for the price. 

If you want legit delicious Cajun food served in generous portions head to Cajun Kate's at the Booths Corner market. It's as close to NOLA food without the plane trip. AND the portions are excellent
I was longing for a bit for NOLA cuisine after a recent trip there and I decided to go to the Terminal and headed straight to Beck's Cajun Cafe.  This place has been on my radar for a while, but with all the choices in Reading Terminal - I hadn't gotten here until NOW!!  Boy, shame on me - I have been missing out!!

Looking at all the great choices - I decided on the highly recommended "Train Wreck Po Boy".  This sandwich had a great roll - we know that all great sandwiches start withe the right BREAD!!   I knew from the ingredients, I was in trouble - Salami, Steak and Andouille Sausage...OMG - I had the Meat Sweats after eating only 1/2.  I wouldn't have been able to complete my work day if I attempted to eat the remainder of the sandwich!!

Pros:  seasoned well, large portion (enough for 2), service at the cafe- good and employees - helpful.  
Con:  Too many choices - well that's a PRINCESS PROBLEM - right...so try everything.  Already been back for breakfast selection.
Skip the corn bread!!!!!!!!!!!!!! As a southern girl, I cannot believe they actually sell corn bread like this.  

Outside of the cornbread, I have only positive things to say about Beck's Cajun Cafe. The Etouffee is DELISH. Served with some rice, it totally hit the spot. We also tried the shrimp po boy which was pretty delicious as well. The po boy came with a nice spicy mayo type sauce that really pulled the entire po boy together. 

Definitely recommend folks to try this place, just skip the corn bread. Save your money and use it for some ice cream. :)
We were very impressed by the gator gumbo!  The flavor was just right and they give you a good amount of chopped up gator sausage (tastes like chicken =p). Unfortunately we were too full to try anything else, but would've loved to try their pasta and po boys. The staff is very friendly and gives you samples. We're already talking about coming back soon =].
This place rocks. Delicious, fresh crawdads and catfish, jambalaya gumbos and ettouffee, po boys and creol breakfast. Alligator sausage, snapper soup and its all so fresh and yummy. Best lunch idea.
Accept the offered free sample. Pick whatever, and you will not regret it. 
Beck's is my top choice in RTM. period. The Jambalaya is very tasty, and has a slight heat to it. The Fried Mac & Cheese is another standout- crispy breaded outside layer and creamy goodness center that is well seasoned. Most importantly, you must get the grilled cornbread! 
Beignets are available on Wednesdays and Sundays (sadly, not everyday), and they are delicious! Good size portion, fresh fried, and topped with powder sugar that melts with every bite!
Jambalaya was very very tasty! Was super excited about that. Wish I had tried a few other items. Can't wait to go back on my next visit to Philly. The help was very friendly as well.
We ordered the chicken and shrimp gumbo over rice, the cold shrimp and crawfish pasta salad, and the cajun fries. All of it was delicious! The woman who served us was very helpful and she let us try anything we were interested in. They are a definite must try!
gator gumbo here is good AND spicy. i honestly don't know too much about southern cuisine to say this is the best but it was pretty good, can't wait to try other foods here
Beck's Cajun Café is, what some might say, the "cat's pajamas" or the "bee's knees" , if you will. Our server Margaret was also pretty awesome! Me and my buddies tried the famous "Trainwreck" and enjoyed every bit of it. Also the shrimp and crawfish pasta salad is A++. I would recommend this place to people in a heart beat. Great food, great service, great eatery.
Becks.... I love you. Your muffettA changed my life, your jambalaya pulls my heart strings. Your Trainwreck deserves national recognition. I've never been disappointed, minus when I participated in your bread pudding eating contest and could not eat it for about a year.
Came here on a Wednesday afternoon. It was so busy. There's two registers you can order at and I was confused where to go; it was every man for themselves! Ended up finally ordering on the side near their sit down seating (they have a bar style sit down part). I wanted to try out the gumbo and the biegnets. A man behind me was raving about the trainwreck Po boy so my friend ordered that. The wait was a little long (probably because of the biegnets) but the staff was really friendly! Don't be afraid to ask for samples! We got out food, it was so good. The portion of the gumbo looks small, but it was filling. Trainwreck Po boy was SO good, just messy to eat so be prepared! The biegnets were alright, they were a lot more dense than what I'm used to, plus all the powdered sugar was just a mountain on the top. I regret not trying the fried Mac and cheese balls, but I will be back for them!!
Holy s*%# this place has everything! The unbridled  joy expressed by my friend when we found she could get Cajun in the Reading terminal summed up the experience better then anything I could think of. The gumbo was spot on. The perfect amount of heat and flavor to drive out the dampness of another dreary day. The service was spectacular and the staff was incredably friendly. This has quickly become one of my favorite stops.
Thank goodness for Beck's. Really I am so shocked that there are hardly any Cajun restaurants in the Philly area. But maybe that's for the best, because Beck's is pretty darn good.

Located in the thick of the Reading Terminal Market, the stand is always busy but the service is fast. The staff is more than happy to let you try whatever you want (which you should). I've had all varieties of the gumbo and don't have a preference which is better. Go for alligator if you are feeling wild.

My favorite thing from here are the red beans over rice. They are thick and have chunks of andouille sausage. Great with a piece of corn bread and scallions on top!

The po'boys are decent. I find them a little too bready/fried for my liking but the overall flavor is good. I did not like the catfish po'boy....it was too fishy for me.
I happened upon the Beck Cajun Cafe on a Wednesday, and ate the catfish po boy and a small bowl of chicken and shrimp gumbo..  I enjoyed it so much I got the exact same items at Thursday's lunch.  The gumbo was the best I have ever eaten.  Excellent food and kind waitresses.
So we were in line for Tony Dinic's. The GF notice Beck's and we got some small hand held items that we could snack on while waiting. She got the alligator sausage on a stick, this was good, it's meat on a stick. Fried mac & cheese ball was decent. I would skip the balls. 

Full disclosure, we just ate these items and nothing else. So this isn't the most full and fair review. But looks worthy. Would like to come back to this place and try some real food.
Updating based on my visit here about a month ago and OMG, the Trainwreck sandwich was unbelievable. It's one of those sandwiches where you don't want to think about how many calories you're ingesting, but you don't regret it afterwards cause it was totally worth all those calories. Think a sandwich with andouille sausage, salami and steak smothered with cheese and super spicy. I was in a food coma the rest of the day. Proof of how good it was, it's now a month later and I still remember it. 

I also love that Beck's offers samples of their products while you're standing around waiting. I had the rice and beans last time, I believe, and they were fabulous. 

In conclusion, the staff here is fantastic. Always friendly and enthusiastic about the products they have, this is rare to find these days. 

I don't get to RTM at lunch as much as I used to, but considering the relatively short lines here (compared to most places), I am always glad to stop here during my lunch hour and get something new, unique and delicious.
Meh. I came here on account of the Yelp reviews and wasn't impressed in the slightest. I ordered the jambalaya. It tasted tomatoey, and most definitely NOT spicy. It was lukewarm and had almost no meat or shrimp in it. I think it literally contained one small shrimp, one piece of sausage and one tiny, barely identifiable scrap of chicken. They were even sparing with the veggies, throwing in maybe a half dozen pieces of celery for an entire bowl. Edible, yes. Delicious, no. And for about $8, totally not worth the price. I understand good food can cost. I would easily spend up to five times as much for a great lunch, and did just that this week, but this bowl of lukewarm, hard rice covered in tomato sauce was honestly just not worth the $8.
Perfect! Best meal in Philadelphia by far! We were sick of Dunkin (which made the kids happy). We stopped in the market and found this gem. Great service and great food! The beignets were great, the omelet was awesome, but the Brioche French Toast.... get it! Also some of the best corn bread I've ever had. Must try!
Seriously crave-able, which isn't too much of a problem since I work directly next to the Terminal.

I wandered into the Terminal on a cold and rainy day and wasn't quite sure what I was in the mood for- figured I'd do a lap around and see what stood out to me. I walked past  Beck's and noticed they were giving out free samples. I tried the Crab & Shrimp Efouffee over white rice and knew it was exactly what I wanted for my perfect rainy day lunch. Had great spice to it and the depth of the flavors was exactly what I didnt even know I was craving. 

The Shrimp Po Boy is also out of this world. The roll is the perfect consistency to hold the oh-so-crispy fried shrimp in. The creole mayo- ask for extra! They put so much shrimp into this sandwich that some ends up falling out, and i like the extra sauce at the end for the few remaining shrimp. 

If only I didnt mind being in a serious post lunch food coma after eating here, I'd come here far more often...
Gator gumbo with fried mac and cheese.  Great food with just the right amount of kick for a late lunch.
A wee bit pricey for the portions they serve. I come to Beck's for their gator gumbo over jambalaya. The whole thing is just so savory and the spices are just right. It's not overly spicy and not too salty as well. It's a great meal. The gator is in a sausage form. All chopped up into the gumbo. During this visit, I had to order their pasta. Chicken alfredo, for my 2 year old son. It was alright. The whole pasta tasted a bit dry. It's something I wouldn't get twice.

Verdict - Gator gumbo, end of story.
Food was good overall but not out-of-this-world! Ordered the fried shrimp platter with red beans & rice which came with cornbread on the side! Tasted great but I wish they gave you more shrimp and larger shrimp too. Also ordered a jambalaya bowl and fried mac n cheese to go (both solid!) and tried my friend's Train Wreck sandwich (yummmm!). They have a very strict policy when it comes to not allowing take out customers to sit at the counter. I saw a few takeout customers turned away and they were not pleased but there's also signs all over the place! Special shoutout to Kate who took care of us while we dined in!
OMG! 

The Trainwreck! 
Sooo deliciously good! 
This sandwich is for the meat lover in you. 
It comes with Andouille sausage, steak, salami, cheese, and onion on a soft, yet crusty roll. 

I felt so fat because as I was eating the Trainwreck I was eyeing the Muffaletta. LOL 

If you ever find yourself in Reading Terminal, do yourself a favor and cop a squat at Beck's!
The Bourbon Street Breakfast is really good and a great value. It's basically a dish of red beans and rice topped with a fried egg and split-and-toasted corn muffin. I had one today and it really hit the spot! Great comfort food. I also tried the gator sausage on a stick which was really good.
This spot is great because of the seats that are available. Gator Gumbo and Fried Mac & Cheese were awesome! Definitely recommended and worth trying!
This place is awesome! Looking for some Southern comfort food, I came across this gem while wandering around the Reading Terminal Market one day with my friend. Once we saw their selection, we immediately decided to try it. They had every classic Cajun thing you could ask for. Catfish, crawfish etouffee, jambalaya, gumbo, gator sausage...whatever you were craving, they had. We decided to try some basic essentials, opting for the crawfish etouffee and the jambalaya.

My first bite into the crawfish etouffee, and I was immediately brought back to my time down in New Orleans. It wasn't Louisiana blow me away etouffee, but close enough to flood back the memories of amazing etouffee down south. The jambalaya was also very well made, with the right amount of seasoning and sausage to make it thick and filling. We walked out of Reading Terminal Market pleasantly surprised and very full. Would highly recommend if you're in the mood for some good Southern comfort food or seafood!
I am a huge lover of Creole-Cajun-NoLA food, so when I stumbled upon Beck's I was anticipating my meal. There were a few items to choose from, but I already knew I wanted a shrimp Po' boy with the Cajun "fries". That's not hard to mess up correct? I ordered this and proceeded to order a lemonade. From drinking the lemonade I should have known what to expect from my meal. The lemonade was very bland and when I mentioned this to the cashier, she was very nonchalant about a solution, so I  said forget it. I received the food and the first thing I noticed was that the Cajun "fries" were actually Home Fries with Peppers and onions. They weren't horrible, but I was really expecting shoe string french fries with lots of Cajun seasoning. The Shrimp Po'Boy was not the best, but it wasn't horrible. I just felt like it lacked seasoning severely. It is a Cajun/creole restaurant I was expecting the most flavorful food. I was disappointed. The cashiers sucks, their attitudes most certainly need readjustments, especially when dealing with the general public. I probably would not come here again if back in the Reading Terminal. There is too many other food venues around to be stuck with mediocre Cajun/creole food.
After receiving two, unrelated suggestions to try the Train Wreck Po Boy here within a week, I knew I had to try it.  In fact, the suggestions weren't even for Beck's, but rather the Reading Terminal Market so not only was it an incredible sandwich within the eatery, but of the entire place!  When it comes to Cajun/New Orleans style food, I'm a beginner, but what a first impression.  The look of it seemed like a long lost cousin of the Philly Cheesesteak, with the chopped up meat.  It has a trio of meats that blends each's flavors together perfectly: Andouille sausage, steak and salami.  It also is accompanied with onions and topped off with cheese.  They use a French bread which is the perfect choice to hold it all together (there's nothing more annoying than a delicious sandwich that breaks apart because the bread is too soft.  I also tried the Cajun fries and to my surprise were not fries at all, but potatoes with jalapenos, onions, and peppers all flavored with Louisiana spices.  My two recommendations came through with this one and I'll certainly be going back, and working 3 blocks from it definitely helps!
Walked by Beck's today And was given a sample of their gumbo (it's awesome that they give samples out) and I was in awe of the deliciousness and flavor! I purchased the gumbo with a side of jambalaya. Both were delicious! They were flavorful and spicy! I can't believe that I've never tried this place before! I can't wait to go back!
Forget about getting a boring, plain old Philly Cheesesteak, you need to try Beck's Train Wreak -- a deliciously spicy mix of andouille sausage, steak, salami, cheese, and onions all served on French bread. The Train Wreak is a fantastic alternative to the classic cheesesteak for Philadelphians who are looking to spice it up (literally and metaphorically). 

The jambalaya is also tasty. If you wish to take it up another notch, add gumbo with it, particularly the alligator gumbo. The spectacular mixture of jambalaya and gumbo is absolutely delightful!

One food downside though: The Fried Mac n' Cheese Balls are not as appetizing as one would expect. They are rather bland in flavor. You can skip out on ordering these.
Amazing food... The Gator gumbo was delicious!! It was creamy and had a spicy kick to it. The batter on the fried shrimp was probably one of the best I have ever had and the cornbread was so soft and buttery.
One of my go-to joints @ Reading Terminal and with good reason. The food is good, the people are really nice and for the love of god try a piece of the grilled corn bread. That buttery crust is probably the photo next to the definition of "culinary perfection".  

Now, to catch one of their beigenet days when they aren't sold out....
Wow! I am from New Orleans and this place is the Real Deal. The Gumbo is perhaps some of the best I've ever had, and the Fried Shrimp Po-Boy is incredible. Also, the Bread Pudding is outstanding. 

Authentic and delicious!

I will be back!
The bread pudding, oh the bread pudding.  This was seriously the best bread pudding I've ever had.  I'm not a big dessert eater, but I could eat this all the time...if I wouldn't gain 20 pounds lol.  I also had the shrimp po boy, which was good.  I've never had a po boy before, so I don't have anything to compare it to, but it was definitely a decent sandwich.
I visited with a groupon, two year old in tow. The waitress was nice enough to let me bring outside food for him to eat, since I figured everything at Beck's was probably too spicy.  

They were out of everything gator, which my boyfriend was disappointed about. We both got the shrimp po boys which were yummy. He also ordered fries, which came out scalding hot. Like McDonald's hot coffee lawsuit hot. The cornbread was so sweet, it was more like corn cake.

The service was pretty slow, so I'd opt out of eating at the counter, but would get take out in the future.
During this pandemic I have become quite fond of TikTok sooooo while walking through Reading Terminal with my girlfriend we literally had a Tik Tok moment when I stopped at Beck's Cajun Cafe. 
Me: looking at the alligator gumbo
My girlfriend : girl don't do it. It's just not worth it . Don't do it girl
Me: I'm not going to do it girl , I was just thinking about it, I'm not going to do it. 
Store Employee: Hi , May I help you 
Me: I would like an order of the gator gumbo over white rice ... then looking at my girlfriend and saying I DID IT 

... and it was delicious
The trainwreck po boy is insane. They amount of flavor was incredible, the sausage and the steak with the sauce worked so well. Bread stood up to all the stuff well!
Really tasty Cajun food.

Had the chicken and shrimp gumbo over jambalaya, which was delicious!  The gumbo base had great flavor, the kind that comes only from making it with care from a good recipe.  It was packed with lots of chicken, shrimp and andouille sausage, and was the perfect portion size - filling and satisfying without making you grossly overfull (so you'll still have room for that donut at Beiler's afterward).  

Protip:  you can order the rice-based jamabalaya on its own, with no gumbo on top, but that looked like it might be a little dry.  Getting it topped off with the delicious, soupy gumbo was definitely the way to go, and worth the few extra dollars.  

If you're here off-peak or just get lucky, they do have seating at the counter.  

As an aside: why is Cajun food so rare outside of Louisiana?  It's a popular cuisine, and yet most cities seem to have hundreds of Chinese / Italian / Mexican restaurants for every Cajun place.  Even sushi is more common.  Someone needs to remedy this, and pronto . . .
The fried mac and cheese was great in theory and pretty decent in execution, but for some reason I detected an odd sour flavor in mine. I hope this was because they use sour cream or some sourish kind of cheese, and not because the milk they used had gone bad. 

The muffuletta was okay, but nowhere near the same ballpark as the ones I had in New Orleans. Maybe the Trainwreck should have been the way to go.
