Unlike crack, Beiler's Donuts are legally addictive.

It might of been the sweet cream filling or the even sweeter frosting, but I had the sugar shakes after getting my first hit of an Elvis Delight Donut with Peanut Butter Creme, Banana, and Bacon. El diet has left the building.

Jonesing for more, how could I not obsess over a Maple Bacon Donut, Salty Caramel Donut, Boston Creme Donut, or a PB & Jelly Donut? And, don't ask about calories or carbs for these sugary stimulants. Also, don't ask about sharing the half dozen I got to get me through the night.

Pop quiz time ... 

I have 6 Beiler's donuts. Someone asks me for one. How many Beiler's donuts do I have? That's right. 6.
Oh, how I missed the donuts here! Grabbed some donuts before the holidays to take to the fam. Grabbed some basics, but wanted to try the bacon donut. It was ok. I'm such a traditional donuter (Yes, I said donuter) and good ole chocolate or vanilla donuts are my preference. The line was CRAZY, but well worth it.

I'm JUST learning there is a location in west philly and that I trucked it all the way downtown for nothing lol I'll be heading to the west philly one next time.
Maple bacon doughnut and their blueberry fritter will blow-your-mind!

I've never had a fritter that good or that fresh.

They were selling them as fast as they can make them. 20 minute wait for fresh ones since they sold out. Worth it though.

Excellent service by both women at the cashier. Friendly and gave us advice on what to order.

Coconut doughnut, chocolate doughnut, apple fritter, strawberry filled iced doughnut, we bought so many I lost count.

All were fluffy and fresh and delivered on the flavors that they promised. 

If I could wave a magic wand and transform every Dunkin doughnuts to Belier's I would.

Because this is what a crave worthy doughnut should taste like!
Another August
Another trip
Another dessert filled with cream that was whipped
My diet destroying
because I'm enjoying 
Eating whoopie

A lot of cake
A lot of cream
A lot of chocolaty taste...what a dream!
Each bite I am sighin'
Slight happy cryin'
From eating whoopie

This Amish bakery is the master
At making this big fat oreo
Two soft chocolate cookies and a luscious filling
Back to Philly just for that I would go...

I tried their pies
I tried their best
Wasn't that good...just forget 'bout the rest
Forget all the trying
Just stick to the buying 
And eating whoopie

I went to the Market
I went to their stall
My eyes and taste buds had a ball
At Terminal Reading
My mouth I was feeding
By eating whoopie
Without a doubt, this family's, and I'm pretty sure all of Philly's favorite donuts! They're light, filled fresh, and the toppings and fillings are given very generously.

Hubs picks up a box whenever he's remotely in the Reading Terminal Market area....and I'm pretty sure even when he's not. And I'm not talking one or two, I'm talking like two dozen which he and our girls down rather quickly. They're $10.99 a dozen which is really a great bang for your buck, comparatively speaking. 

They have all types from classics such as glazed and apple fritters to fancies such as maple bacon, salted caramel and Nutella. My one daughter's favorites are Oreo and M&M. The other is the key lime and hubs is certainly banana cream. There's really a flavor for every taste, but sorry fellow veg-heads we're out of luck with this one. Whomp whomp. 

I do enjoy watching the staff roll and fill them fresh as you wait in line and bringing a box home to surprise the fam is the only upside to jury duty nearby. 

Coming early in the morning on a weekday is definitely the way to go to get your pick and to avoid lines. 
Oh, and both locations are closed on Sunday. 

Everyone loves these so much I'm considering getting them for my mom's birthday this weekend instead of a cake because I think the extended crew will be so impressed, and everyone has different tastes to satisfy.
I stood in a line that was wrapped around the corner of the stand on a Saturday morning waiting for a taste of these donuts. As I approached the counter, I was amazed by the freshly made donuts frying in the huge container of oil, the massive tubs of icing that were being hastily applied to the top of the donuts, and the incredible variety of the donuts. Iced, filled, topped, glazed...just name your type for $0.95 each.

As an apple lover, I got the much talked about apple fritter and the apple harvest, which was a donut filled with freshly made apple compote and topped with icing and cinnamon. The chocolate coconut glazed donut caught my eye so I grabbed one of those as well. 

None of them were great, mostly because the level of sweetness that I'm used to wasn't there. I love the sweet Krispy Kreme-style donuts that I grew up on.  But, of the three items that I tried, the apple fritter was the best. Despite the fact that I didn't love any of the pastries, I was impressed by the softness and the freshness of the donuts and the filling.

I'm clearly biased by the type of donut that I like but legions of fans were waiting in line each time I passed this place to snag their favorite donut. For less than a dollar and a little bit of patience, you can't go wrong trying this place out.
These donuts are made pretty much right in front of you.  You see the workers making the dough and adding the glaze.  It's pretty cool to see as you stand in line and wait.  My friends and I wanted to try all the different flavor of donuts Beiler's has to offer, specifically some of their fritters.  Sad part, the fritters ran out.  Good part is that Beiler's was willing to let you pay for it now, then come about 45 minutes later to get a fresh batch of fritters!  You can cut the long line and go right to the front and let them know, and you'll get your warm, fresh donut you wanted before!

The donuts are VERY cheap for their quality, taste, and where it's located.  6 bucks can get you half a dozen! You guys are awesome, great donuts in Philly!
I'm a connoisseur of baked goods. After having sampled several of them here, there's no doubt in my mind that the Amish--not the French, or the Italians--rule supreme as bakers.

On my first stop, I picked up a half dozen donuts for my family.  Normally, they aren't open at 4pm on Tues., but because Thanksgiving was on Thurs. they were open for extended hours. My attention was first attracted by the people making the donuts, which you can watch at the side of the stand.  Walking around the corner, the donut display is one of the most extreme cases of food porn I've ever seen--it's almost impossible not to be drawn in by it!  Choosing six donuts was one of the most difficult decisions I've ever had to make at a bakery, but taking into account my tastes and those of my family, I chose the following: chocolate iced w/ M&M's, triple chocolate, lemon creme, key lime pie, pumpkin creme, and peanut butter creme.  I was able to sample all of them, and I honestly can't pick a favorite--they were all so good!  Next time, I will get a dozen so that I can try more different flavors and not have to limit myself.  

On my second stop, I ordered two uniquely Amish desserts from the bakery: a whoopie pie and a slice of shoo fly pie.  While I've tried both of these desserts before, I must confess that neither has particularly tickled my fancy in the past.  The whoopie pie was amazing--moist and creamy, and super-delectable.  The shoo fly pie, which was of the wet-bottom variety popular in Lancaster County, was also very good, esp. when slightly warmed, although it may have been improved by some whipped cream (I meant to apply some, but forgot until it was too late).  Places that are able to turn around my opinion of foods earn my utmost respect, and Beiler's was able to do this with their renditions of these desserts.

This place was so good, I'm changing my next train ticket from the Mon. prior to Christmas to the next day, so I can get a dozen of those heavenly donuts.  If you think Dunkin' or Krispy Kreme make a good donut, and you come here, all of your preconceptions will be promptly and irreparably overturned. Even my mom, who's a die-hard DD fan, admitted that Beiler's donuts were as good as those at DD. If you're a fan of donuts or other baked goods, check this place out for some first-rate Amish baked goodness, and eat your heart out!
I'm going to be honest here - I am a Fat Lady. I've had a donut or two in my day. 

THESE ARE THE BEST DONUTS I HAVE EVER HAD. There is no question - there is no competition. They are the best, hands down and that's all there is to say about it. 

This stand was recommended by my hotel - they were like "oh my god, if you're going to the Market you have to get a donut" and I was like "whatever, it's like 2pm and who eats a donut at 2pm?" But I walked by the stand and saw a fairly long line and I'm a joiner at heart so I waited too. Prices are CHEAP (just over $1/ea) and that staff is as sweet as the items they sell. 

For science I had 2 (see: Fat Lady, above) - a glazed which is a good baseline and a blueberry fritter recommended by the staff. It's not something I would have picked because I was worried it would be heavy and dry - it was most emphatically not. It was the most perfect, delicious thing - feather light, still a tad warm and everything you ever wanted a donut to be. I wandered around the market, getting glaze flakes all over myself and I cared not a whit because who cares when you are eating the best donuts ever? 

Now I'm going to really have to impress these clients at tomorrow's meeting so I can come back often and EAT MORE DONUTS.
If it wasn't for my cousins buying a box of Bieler's doughnuts, I probably would've totally passed them by at Reading Terminal Market.  

Oh my Lord, these doughnuts are crazy good!  Their texture is so unique.  It almost reminds me of like chewing into a soft crumpet but in doughnut form.  I can't remember what flavors we had, but I do remember that I enjoyed all the random ones that I picked out from the assortment in the box.  

The saddest part of my last trip to Philadelphia was going to Reading Terminal Market one last time before flying home only to find that Beiler's was closed for the day.  Nooooo!!!  Oh well, their doughnuts will definitely be something I will be looking forward to when I come back to visit Philadelphia again!
***Caution, if you start, you may not stop. This place makes some tasty fried dough confectionery desserts. 

Their donuts melt in your mouth and are just absolutely delicious. I recommend the banana creme donut. Just thinking about them right now is making me hungry! They have a bunch of different kinds of donuts that are all amazing. If you're looking to lose weight (who isn't right), DO NOT WALK PASS THIS PLACE in the Reading Terminal Market. At 0.90 cents a pop, you won't break the bank here unlike a certain other place. 

The texture of the dough here has perfect amount of chewiness and density. The fried-ness and extend of frying was excellent. The fillings and toppings were in synchronized harmony. Appearance was super enticing. And most importantly, the  flavors had a delicious balance between the dough, filling, and fried-ness. 

I loved this place and I want to go back as soon as I can. 100% stone cold lock you will as well.
I should be featured on "Half-Ton Mom" considering all of the donuts I've eaten from Beiler's.

Some of my favorites are: Banana Cream, Apple Harvest, Maple Bacon (sells out fast), and Mocha Creme. I always come here with the intentions of buying 1) a slice of sour cream cheesecake from the gen. bakery section 2) two or three different doughnuts from the donut display. 

It seems like the line is usually wrapped around the corner and as soon as you turn the corner facing the registers, the salesperson is ready to take your order. I'm always like "Oh crap... I haven't really had time to see which ones I want....." LeSigh. That's when I just bite the bullet and randomly call out the first few I see. This method hasn't failed me yet. 

It's funny how I'm just reading here on Yelp that they have an actual donut menu to cut down on my self-induced madness. Eh...maybe I'll grab one next time and maybe not. When it comes to dessert flavors, I'm not super finicky. I like sweet stuff...and Beiler's does sweets right :)
There aren't enough stars in the universe to convey how I feel about Beilers Bakery. This Amish stand is in the front corner of Reading Terminal Market and is the home of the greatest food ever: the whoopie pie.

If you haven't had the blissful experience of eating this moist, round chocolate-whipped creme-chocolate perfection, then you must do so right now. Seriously - stop whatever you are doing right now and rush over there (they sometimes run out early in the day so I'm not kidding!). They are as big as your face and only $1 each, which also makes it the world's biggest bargain. Eating a whoopie pie from Beilers will make you a happier person; yes, maybe you'll be a happier person with a bigger butt, but trust me, it's worth it (isn't that what elastic-waist pants are for, anyway)?
If you dine at the Dutch Eating Place next door, you have to make a stop at Beilers too. It's like BritBrit without trashy extensions; you can't have one without the other.

As for selection and freshness, this has to be one of the best bakeries out there. Pie? 6 varieties. Whole and by the slice. Bread? Loaves. Pumpkin or cinammon. Cake? Pound cake, coffee cake, cake cake, chocolate cake, vanilla cake. Cookies? Define cookie. Whoopie pie with cake cookies? Choco chip cookies. Snickerdoodles. Sometimes, just maybe, if you go right before they close they'll knock down prices even further than the already cheap tags.

I stock up on the cakes and cookies with creme fillings as if diabetes is going out of style. I guarantee you can get dessert to feed a whole family for under $10 or I'll buy it off you. We can meet in person and I'll have my napkins and forks handy for immediate consumption.
These donuts were the bomb. If any of my yelp friends are heading to Philly, do yourself a favor and skip the Philly Cheesesteak and head straight for these doughnuts. A few of my friends and I shared a dozen. IT WAS SO GOOD. These doughnuts were so soft and fluffy. All of the creams were delicious. My personal favorite was the chocolate mousse doughnut. They make the doughnuts right in front of you which is AMAZING. Altogether my experience was the best doughnut experience I have had in a long time.
Ode to Beiler's Bakery

With your cinnamin rolls you lure me,
And all those pastries and pies are key...

To my happy soul in philly!
But you don't stop there silly.

You also add cupcakes and breads.
All these make me crazy in the head!

But I continue to be lead.....
to your carb heaven 'til I'm dead.

The End.
dear yelpers,
go to bieler's bakery in reading terminal market like right now. get a donut (preferably  a custard-filled, such as boston cream). die a little from delicious-overload. 
you can resume normal gym activity tomorrow. trust me, it's worth it. 
you're welcome,
me. 

I've never been a big donut aficionado. dunkin donuts, entemanns, krispy kreme... no thanks. I don't know what drew me to try one at bieler's (perhaps the line at their counter, the deeelish smell, or just the sweet craving from a long day at a conference at the convention center), but I gave in and ordered some donuts to share with a coworker. yes, I am awesome. and so are these donuts. 

the texture and flavor of the boston cream donut was like none I've had before. seriously perfection. the amount of filling was ample, and the chocolate on top was just right. their seasonal special, a pumpkin donut, was superb as well. 

I'm glad this place is an hour from home... but I will come back to reading terminal market just for another donut. do it.
We found Beiler's Bakery while walking around Reading Terminal Market. The line was very long (wrapped around the corner). I ordered a half dozen of doughnuts (banana cream,caramel apple,maple bacon,peanut butter cream,salted caramel,and mocha cream). Ohhh Myyy Sweetnesss!!! These are the best doughnuts I've ever eaten hands down. The icing was fluffy with a hint of sweetness,delicious filling,and a soft airy dough. This is how a doughnut should be made by bakeries. I cherished every bite of these doughnuts. I was literary smiling all evening after eating the maple bacon doughnut. I wanted to take some doughnuts back to Virginia but they didn't last long. Beiler's Bakery has odd hours so check out the website. Customers can watch as doughnuts are being made. Prices are very reasonable. The line moved at a steady speed. Employees were polite during check out. Do yourself a favor and go get some of these doughnuts! Thank me later!
Delicious donuts in the market and so cheap! Only $6 and change for a half dozen, Especially when you pay $3 plus in NYC for 1 donut! Yes of course the line was long on a Saturday afternoon but it moved very quickly! 

The staff was very friendly and patient even with the never ending line... I give them a lot of credit. 

I brought the donuts home to Jersey and they were still delicious the next day. I can only comment on the Coconut cream and the apple fritter which were both outstanding. The remaining donuts that I planned to sample later miraculously disappeared by a person who claims to not like sweets... I guess he couldn't resist and I can't say that I blame him... lol  So lesson learned buy more donuts next time or find a good hiding spot ;)
Mmmmm...

Hubs loves his donuts and so here we are in Philly trying out Beiler's. Located inside the Reading Terminal Market, this place offers a variety of donuts. They are all displayed in a glass case and you can also watch them make fresh donuts. 

Wonderful smells were coming from here and the line is long, for good reason. B got a couple of his favorite flavors and really enjoyed the consistency and taste of each one. They were super fresh and each bite was like biting into a cloud. The price is also right. Employees were friendly and quick.

So many good eats at the Reading Terminal Market!
Federal who? Krispy Kreme what? Huh, Dunkin Donuts? I don't think so, clearly it is safe to say The Amish are kings of the " Donut Realm" .  Is this a bold statement on my part, yes it is, damn straight it is, Beiler's pretty much told everyone else who their daddy is.  

The assorment of different donuts ranging from filled, not filled, to fritters are all unique and delicious. There it is ,that one word, three syllables De-li-cious.. DELICIOUS! Basically once you sink your teeth into one of these blissful treats, your body will react with a little shimmy with you saying   "OH MY GOD!"  A creame filled Maple and Bacon donut, yes I said bacon that is a must order, well all are a must order. 

Beiler's is on point with everything they make, from the fresh donuts to the cakes and pies located directly across. The lines you'll see you wouldn't think it was for them. It is, and yes you'd want to be in it. They move pretty fast so don't be worried, if you see this wrap around bleeding into another area. 

This is a must stop when the Amish are in, if you go on Sunday or Monday don't expect anything. They are not there, but Tuesday thru Saturday, game on.  Check out the special donuts they put out during the week, like they weren't good enough already.  Another plus and the reason for the 5 stars is the price for these treats. You will not break the bank, I got 2 dozen from here for $19 and some change.  

I plan on making this a stop when I visit Reading Terminal, you can book it. Plus the aroma alone with the fresh pots of coffee being brewed is a knock out punch to the senses.
It's the best doughnut I ever had. The Pennsylvania Dutch are the masters at making doughnuts, pretzels, cheese, butter, basically anything with dairy. This is one of the many shops inside the Reading Terminal Market and this is one of my favs and it's also extremely reasonably priced. The doughnuts all had the perfect chew. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA&select=B4kGbEcu8DRR01C1KxlV-g

https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=nH04MeMReRYyUVaLQhzYIA&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA

The food:

Blueberry Fritter- Sweet Moses. The fritter was excellent. Plain and simple, it's a must. It had a nice exterior and nice chewy interior.

Apple Fritter- Oh Sweet Moses. It was like eating a soft pillow with fried edges, so good.

Apple cider- I enjoyed this, it was a tad cake-y but the flavors were nice.

Maple Bacon Doughnut- I only bought this out of the sheer stupidity that is maple and bacon on a doughnut. I wasn't really a fan since it was so mind numbingly sweet. 

Boston Cream Pie- Sweet Moses. One of the best I ever had. The chew was perfect and the cream filling was superb.

Strawberry Filled- Sweet Moses. I thought the chew of the doughnut was great. The pop from the strawberry was fantastic.

Glazed Cake- The glazed was good, not great. It seemed like a standard doughnut.
The donuts are seriously the best in Philadelphia! Hand made and frosted! Such a rich and fun snack (i.e. - heavy snack).  Note the donut is made with real ingredients so its not a lite or fat free donut but so worth it! The lines can take long on a Friday b/c there are just too many to choose from... a dozen for less then $6 bucks. We had the frosted and coconut covered donut, strawberry jelly filled donut, the classic glazed, the oreo donut and the sour dough donut.  

TIP ---- My favorite was the classic GLAZED which is a must try!
I had no idea this place existed until I saw the huge line on Saturday morning - and I knew I had to give it a try. 

I ended up picking up half a dozen - apple fritter, blueberry fritter, maple bacon, apple harvest, old fashioned glazed, and original glazed. My favorite by far was the apple harvest - a beautiful, apple pie filling and a delicious, creamy glaze. It was very sweet, but that's just the way I like it, so a 5/5 from me. 

The maple bacon and old fashioned glazed were also pretty good, while the two fritters and the original glazed were mediocre in my opinion (not bad, but definitely nothing to write home about). 

However, overall I had a good experience. Also, line moved fast, service was polite, and prices were great. Solid 4 stars.
My word.

Whenever I come into Philadelphia, a stop at the Reading Terminal is a must for me. Stopping in at Beiler's is unavoidable. The smell from the bakery beckons to come over and start buying, and buying a lot.

Once the store opens at 8, the game is on. The line starts to form of salivating customers and it grows longer and longer as the day progresses. That does not change the rosy attitude of the staff. They are genuinely happy people and love to tell you about their amazing baked goods. It makes standing in that long line seem less time consuming and more of a way for you to believe in the old saying, "Good things come to those who wait."

One of my favorite things, other than the donuts, to get there is the Apple Dumpling. Similar to a pie, and the consistency of a turnover, it is absolutely delicious and a proud hallmark of their bakery. A good donut and muffin can be found anywhere with some good research, but an Apple Dumpling can never be replicated and these folks do it right.

Do yourself right and buy some baked goods from these awesome people. But do it before Sunday because they are not open on Sunday!
By far the best donuts I have had compared to any other donut shop. What separates these donuts from others is their fresh ingredients. You can truly taste the freshness and fullness of whatever flavor doughnut you end up buying - no artificial tastes here. They make their donuts fresh daily and boy does it makes your mouth water even more as you see the whole process of them frying the doughnuts to adding the various fillings, toppings, coatings.

If you are looking to get the most of your money, I recommend the apple or blueberry fritters, which are almost equivalent to 1.5 donuts in portion size, but cost the same price as all other donuts they sell. They are on the dense and heavy side but I highly recommend for anyone!

Cash or credit accepted here! Lines can get long but are pretty fast! Go get yourself some amazing doughnuts!
The Amish are great at what they do; I guess that's what years spent honing an art will do to you. I was at a conference just across the street from RTM and I noticed that every time I was in there, there was always a line at Beiler's. Of course I made a mental note that I had to swing by and grab something sweet before leaving. On the last day of the conference, I announced to my coworkers that I would be getting a donut and they could join me on my quest if they wished.

I waited in a small but fast line, changing my mind constantly on what I would order when I got to the front. I ordered a blueberry fritter and ate it nearby, and immediately wanted another. I decided that for the sake of my stomach and my waistline, I shouldn't. But I'll be back for you, Beiler's blueberry fritter!!!
There are no words ... other than ... AWESOME!

This place is a landmark in Reading Market.  You'll be hard pressed to find as much Amish baking goodness as you do in this particular bakery.  Even the stuff I buy in Lancaster, for the most part, pales in comparison to the quality of baked goods you get from this place.

Where to even start?  

As expected, the most popular pies fly off the shelves fast.  On a weekend, good luck finding their tasty and authentic shoofly pie after noon or 1pm.  It's absolutely divine.  Their bread is also fresh and you can't go wrong picking up a few loafs of their tasty rye bread to go with your favorite sandwich meat.  Even their small pastry items like the apple crumb cake is ridiculously tasty.

Across the way, you'll also find their famous doughnut shop.  It's all baked fresh on the premises and the lines get absolutely insane by noontime.  Fortunately it moves fast and in no time you'll get your hands on some of the best donuts in town.  This place puts the crap you get at Krispy Kreme and Dunkin' Donuts to shame.  They have lots of exotic flavors (like Key Lime, Mocha etc) but even their simple glazed or frosted donuts are delicious.  

If there's ONE place in Reading Market that you need to visit, it's this place (and maybe the Dutch Eating Place right next door ... which serves some amazing diner fare).  Trust me, get a pie, some bread and donuts and be ready to be one happy camper.
I question my sanity everytime I get a donut here: "Girl, why do you hit up Dunkin Donuts?  Sure, it's on the way to the train, but these Amish delicacies are 100x better for the same price ... if not slightly less!"  I was tempted to get a dozen, but somehow had enough self-control to only get 6.  These don't stand a chance of lasting through the weekend.

Good:
-Amazing selection of donuts
-Apple Fritters. They don't look like much, but if you manage to get a fresh hot one ... heaven.
-Made fresh on premises!  If you're waiting in line, you get a free donut-making peepshow!
-Sweetest ladies running the stand are super helpful and always have a smile. It's like the sugar, spice, and everything nice they stand in proximity to has imbued them with the same qualities. :P)
-They deliver! Tues-Wed 10:30A-2:30P, Thurs-Sat 10:30A-4:30P.

Eh:
-The line. It's a popular spot, and folks are always bedazzled by the myriad of options.  I don't blame them.  Time stood still when I first saw the display of awesome.

Note that Beiler's Donuts and Bakery are two different stands right next to each other (but they're the same entity - just different goods).  The bakery has a delectable array of cakes and breads.  I love the garlic cheddar bread (especially with a piece of sweet lebanon bologna tucked in there ... and this is why I hit the gym every day).
I love donuts. They are sweet and they are fried, which make them just about perfect food for a sweets and fried food lover such as yours truly. When I was researching local donut places in Philadelphia, I came across Amish donuts. There are no Amish in my neck of the woods, so I was immediately curious, of course.

When I casually mentioned Amish donuts to my Philadelphia cousins, they told me that I was in for a treat. And Beiler's Amish donuts were indeed a treat. More dense than the regular donuts I so love, they were also sweeter than I was expecting. One or two will be more than enough, especially if paired with black coffee.

What makes them even more perfect is that they are located in Reading Terminal Market, which is a magical place that made my tastebuds so, so happy. Next time I am in the area, I would go back for some more of Beiler's donuts.
Features:
-The Banana Cream Donut and the Harvest Apple were the only two donuts that I have tried (per my yelp research) and believe me when I say they were so so so delicious.  Prior to this, I had another pastry from a bakery in The Reading Terminal and it did not at all alter my taste and how much I thought these were one of the best donuts I ever had.  These two donuts were sweet, but they were not so sweet where you feel like you are just eating sugar.  They each had very distinct tastes to them and the bread that made the donuts were extraordinarily soft.  If I lived here, I would come here every weekend to get a donut for my dessert. 
-Each donut was cheap, less than a dollar each and sure worth it.  I mean, they were so good, if they charge five dollars each, I would pay that much to eat them.  You are in for a real treat here.

Improvement:
-None

Tips:
-They have over a dozen of different choices of donuts, I am sure you will find something you will like here.
-Get some good coffee around the corner to eat with your donuts!
--- Short Synopsis ---

Amazing donuts and the long lines to prove it!! Their blueberry fritter is delicious!!

--- Detailed Review ---

I wasn't planning on coming here, until I walked to this corner while exploring the Reading Terminal Market. There was a long line and it got me intrigued on what people were waiting for. Once that I saw it was donuts, I had to get in line. I love donuts.

This review is based on their donuts, which are unbelievable!! They do sell other baked goods that have their own separate lines, but it was the donut line that was long.

Being pretty full from Tommy DiNic's amazing roast pork sandwich, I decided on two donuts. I got the blueberry fritter and harvest apple because they seemed popular and I love both apples and blueberries alone. Both were delicious. The harvest apple had a nice apple compote filling along with icing and cinnamon powder on top, but the real winner was the blueberry fritter.

Each bite was like a blueberry muffin that had been perfectly deep fried with that amazing crisp edge along with being coated in a sweet, succulent glaze!! The blueberry fritter was delicious!

You have to come here to try the blueberry fritter! I can't wait to come back here and try more of their donuts, especially fruit flavor fritters!
I died and went to Beiler Heaven. 

Seriously the BLUEBERRY FRITTERS are out of this world good. I've never felt so strongly about a baked good before. Not too sweet, but sweet enough to be the perfect companion with a cup of coffee in the morning....or a mid afternoon snack. 

I also found the plain glazed doughnuts to be earth shattering. 

Try both of these. I promise the line is worth it!
Oh dear sweet baby Jesus...the literal words when i took my first bite of a fluffy perfectly glazed pillow of perfection that is their donuts. 
That's really the only way to describe them. So many flavor choices it's hard not to get a dozen just so u can taste each one.  When we are craving donuts we make our way to RTM and hit this place up!  Every time we visit RTM we hit this place up! Lol 
I like to keep things simple and go for the plain glazed donut but if u want something fancy like bacon...or jam filled...they have it all, AND ITS ALL AMAZING! 
And just so u know, this is not really a sharing exercise...u will need ur own donut, or box of donuts (don't be embarrassed, there will be others). And most importantly...DONT FORGET THE MILK!!
OMG LOVE THE DONUTS. I have to admit I'm a fatty that loves to eat. These donuts we creative and delicious.

I laughed my ass off once I saw there was a donuts called the Elvis Donut... and it was delicious!
This was my first stop at Reading Terminal Market. 

I had to absolutely get a hold of these donuts, due to a donut hunt fail a couple days prior.  It was pretty easy to spot this place given the line that wrapped around the counter-- oh and the  unmistakable donut aroma amidst all the other beautiful smells wafting through Reading Terminal.

The line, though long, moved efficiently. You can actually see the workers frying, frosting and filling each donut by hand, all with a hurried pace.  There were so many tempting donut flavor combos that it was hard to choose. I actually wanted to get a dozen, but I'm sure my  husband would have given me the 'are you really going to eat all of that' look. 

Now because these aren't machine donuts, you can see many of them odd shaped, and flawed, but I think that truly added to their appeal. They ain't the prettiest, but man when you bite into one -- and I mean that for any one of these beautiful flavors, just pillowy soft, warm, comforting, all those great adjectives rolled into one donut. 

I got the bavarian cream, banana cream (wildcard), oreo, vanilla, glazed --and everything was so good I ate them all throughout the day, til only a smidgen of filling was left in the box.

These have outshined the cult favorite -voodoo donuts (Portland OR) by leaps and bounds.
Love this place for donuts. I prefer these over Federal Donuts. Tons of tourists are usually here but don't let the line deter you. The line usually moves fast - even when it wrapped around the candy shop. The donuts are cheap but I would pay double cause they are that good. 

Get the Apple Fritter - it's so dang good! Sweet, usually warm, and fluffy.
Pippin' out fresh donuts for your mouth! Yaaaas!

The line is long, but don't worry, the wait will work up your appetite a bit. You'll see all the donuts being made right in front of your eyes! Plain, blueberry, chocolate, caramel apple, coconut, sprinkles and more. Just order a bunch - no regrets!
THE BEST DONUTS YOU WILL EVER HAVE. PERIOD. 

I am not even the biggest fan of donuts but when my friend recommended we get donuts from here while we were visiting Philly, we were standing in line and looking at all the possibilities and different flavor of donuts. Between my bf and I,  we bought a dozen donuts to try and share. We didn't have the donuts until a few hours later on that day and omg they were so delicious. The consistency and flavor was like no other. The best donuts I have ever had. 

My best friend went to Philly two weeks later and I told her to check this place out. I gave this place such a stellar recommendation she went with her sister. They both thought the donuts look gross and lumpy but bought a few anyway. They completely forgot about them until they returned home to NY. They ate them the next day. My best friend told me they were the best donuts she ever had and she had them a day later. So trust me, my boyfriend, his best friend and my best friend. Five stars for Beiler's donuts.
Hole foods!?! You kill me Beiler's Doughnuts. I didn't notice when I spotted an opening in the line that there was actually a hugeeee line around the corner for doughnuts. I apologize to all the hungry Homer Simpsons attempting to get their dozens of fatty, decadent doughnuts!  

There was tons of fun flavors but I have a weakness for a classic fritter or a chocolate doughnut with sprinkles. But I wanted to try one of their unique spins. I went for the blueberry fritter. My jaw dropped when she said it was a $1.25. How can this be right!?! What time machine did I enter?! 

One bite of the fritter and I was in heaven. It is not too sweet or gooey like a normal fritter. And you do get those yummy pops of blueberry. I'm sold of their doughnuts. They taste like a family tradition. And the fans are more than willing to wait for their fix. I have my eye on the Banana Creme and Nutella Creme  doughnut on my next visit. It's no surprise the recipe has been in the family and they are all handmade. On this visit the Amish know what they are doing in the kitchen.  

Come to Reading Terminal Market with an empty stomach and a couple bucks and you will leave one happy camper!
These donuts are RIDONCULOUS, which is a very, very good thing!  I was so excited when I heard that Beiler's expanded to donuts.  I live a few blocks from Reading Terminal and unfortunately I have to pass it on my walk to and from work.  The fact that Beiler's is so convenient and easy to access from the 12th and Arch St. entrance makes this place waaaaay to user friendly for me.  

A few weeks ago I grabbed a dozen of assorted donuts for a day at the Penn Relays.  The group that I was sitting with (my dad and his 60+ crew) literally gobbled the donuts down faster than Alyson Felix and Carmelitta Jetter in the 100 M dash (and trackies know that is pretty darn fast).  

I had the coconut cream donut, which was DELISH!  I only wish Beiler's was open every day, b/c my cravings for fried dough always seem to kick in Sunday-Tuesday, when the Beiler's are "vacationing at their summer home" out in Lancaster.
Yes yes yes.  I've had blueberry, pumpkin and plain glazed.  The pumpkin was out of this word though the other two were nothing to sniff at.  Definitely eat them while they're hot or microwave them a little bit to warm them up if need be.  They're pillowy and the perfect amount of sweet.

I can't wait to try all the flavors!
One of the best donuts I have ever had in my life. Beiler's is in the Reading Terminal Market, which is pretty local & has a good vibe. There are bunch of other options to eat from but Beiler's won our heart! 

We ordered bunch of different donuts but my favorite was Mocha Cream Donut. 

It's a MUST visit spot if you are in town!
So I pretty much live at the reading terminal! I love going there and trying a new random cuisines each week from a different vendor. I always saw a massive line outside of this place and tried to jump in a few times but figured it wasn't worth my time...WRONG! I was so young and naïve thinking that. This place is so worth it and the lines moves a lot quicker than it looks. Also, while in line you can watch them make the donuts which is a very interesting process. I wish I could go back in time and make myself stay in line. Anyways, it was finally my time to order and the choices were overwhelming...so many delicious donuts to pick from! You name a flavor and they definitely got it. I wish I could take a bite out of each donut just to try them out. So I decided to just get two donuts, the pumpkin cream and harvest apple. When I checked out its $1.80 for TWO donuts!! It was so cheap I thought they made a mistake but it really is 95 cents for a super delicious donut. So I finally got home and took a bite out of the pumpkin crème and it was out of this world amazing!! There was cream outside and inside the donut, unbelievable. The harvest apple tasted just like apple pie. I usually am not one that craves donuts but after going to this place I am hooked! Next time I am getting a nice big box just for myself.
Definitely PHILADELPHIA'S BEST place for donuts; made by the Amish, you can be sure that these are the real deal for quality and trusted ingredients. Beiler's have true yeast donuts, which are the soft kind (and my preference). Other local donut makers may have cool shops and chicken and fancyness, but their donuts are usually of the cake (sponge) consistency like those out of a factory Tastykake box!

Belier's have been perfecting their donuts for decades and typically have seasonal flavors; and, Beiler's keeps their prices low because they aren't trying to chainstore the world to death. You should definitely get some donuts here!
If joining the Amish meant learning the recipes for all their amazing baked goods, I might have a hard time choosing NOT to. 

Beiler's Bakery in Reading Terminal Market is a place I either have to avoid for fear I'll buy everything, eat it all at once, and gain 20 lbs, or go specifically to do just that. I don't know how they do it, but I have yet to find such incredibly tasty pastries. Everything is baked fresh (in fact, you can see them making more throughout the day) and is reasonably priced considering the quality you get. Their whoopie pies are the big draw: chocolate, chocolate chip, oatmeal, and pumpkin are all available - IF you get there before they sell out! 

I'm a sucker for all pumpkin related items and their pumpkin roll with cream cheese frosting is fan-freaking-tastic; I very nearly ate an entire roll all by myself (also available in slices, if you can restrain yourself). The pumpkin pie is also incredible, the filling so smooth and creamy....mmmmm, and in both large and small sizes. I can only assume that their other pies are just as great, and I'm still eyeing those apple dumpling things that look so good and so bad for you at the same time. *sigh* Yet another reason to go to the gym...

They have pretty erratic hours, but they do list them online I believe. I always feel so sad when I look over at their stall and just see a dark, empty space. Reading Terminal just feels empty without the Amish!
(To the tune of "The Sign" by Ace of Base)

I, I've got a new love, you could say it's serious, and I'm so glad
How could a donut bring me so much joy?
Why didn't I realize, Philly's best hides in plain sight?
(Behind the lines)
One's never enough

I saw the lines, but I know it's worth my time, I saw the lines
(Go on "off" hours, that's when you have the power)
I saw the lines, but I know they're worth my time, I saw the lines
Foolish to get only one, buy a dozen for friends, you know they'll go
(You know they're gonna go)

Now, there's lots of flavors, it may seem impossible to choose just one
But if you have to, grab a fritter NOW
Apple or blueberry, best bite in the market
(But let's be honest)
One's never enough

I saw the lines, but I know it's worth my time, I saw the lines
(Go on "off" hours, that's when you have the power)
I saw the lines, but I know they're worth my time, I saw the lines
Foolish to get only one, buy a dozen for friends, you know they'll go
(You know they're gonna go)

Y'all: Philly's home to some AMAZING foods. But none can live up to the flavor, freshness, and VALUE of a simple donut/fritter from Beiler's.

I've waited in line for over 40 minutes and felt it was worth every second. BUT the better move is to go when there AREN'T lines. We're talking 9:30am on a weekday. That's the ticket. Wanna be everyone's favorite coworker? Get two dozen and wow the crowds.

Best eaten IMMEDIATELY, but if you must wait, they truly never taste "bad" to me. Either that, or they never lasted long enough in our house to go bad....
Not full but with lunch and two dinners already planned on each side the Phillies/Astros businessman's special at Citizens Bank Park I figured the next stop on my sightseeing and eating agenda would be the Philadelphia Free Library and some of the downtown outdoor sculptures (Love and the Claus Oldenburg Clothespin) before swinging by the Reading Terminal Market for some game time snacks.  Walking quickly (the blisters had not yet formed on my feet at this point) and realizing the library would not open until 9:30 I instead opted to head to Reading first and found myself standing before the impressive selection of Beiler's Bakery shortly after the market opened its doors.

With at least 100 options available I asked the small man dressed in traditional Amish attire what he'd recommend for a true Beiler's experience and he directed me to no less than four items that he said were "best you'll ever taste."  Not wanting something as simple as a donut and knowing that I'd be eating quite heartily throughout the day I opted to select two of the four, paid the modest fee of $4 cash and made my on to other stands after stopping to take some pictures of my purchases.

Although some time (plus a lunch and a pretzel) passed between my purchase and the consumption of Beiler's products in the left field bleachers during the 5th inning I will note that both items were excellent.  Beginning first with the Pumpkin Whoopie Pie I loved the way the soft cake blended with the extra creamy filling - like a portable pumpkin pie with whipped cream, heavily accented with cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves.  The second item, the very definition of Pennsylvania Amish Cooking would be Shoofly pie - essentially a gooey molasses and brown sugar pie with a texture somewhere between pecan pie without the nuts and coffeecake with more moisture.  Profoundly sweet and topped with a crumbly butter topping there was nothing elegant or reserved about this pie - it was down home, simple, and delicious.
If you were to compare these donuts to the standard Dunkin donuts or Krispy kreme then yea, I can see the nearly 5 star reviews for this place ... but if you ventured out and tried a few other places( I wont bother putting names ) in comparison this place wouldn't hold up. The doughnuts are all rather dense and we got 12 different varieties. 

I like the fact that everything is made fresh in front of you and the high turn over guarantees fresh products. I also like the variety they offer. 

The doughnuts are only ok though in my opinion and in all honesty I don't get the obsession... but hey, It's just me.
So I never could stand the long lines.  But decided to suck it up and it was worth it.  Line looks daunting but moves fast.  I did a half dozen because you save some money.

Agree with most that the blueberry frittata was awesome.  The boston creme is an oldie but goodie.  The bacon is also yummie.  Overall tastes fresh and lots of variety.  Only knock is that the donuts are kinda small size.  It was was worth a try but I probably wouldn't wait in line again for it.
Beiler's has changed my life. Now whenever I eat a donut from some other place, I'm going to be really sad and think back to the time I ate Beiler's donuts. Nothing will ever be the same.

One donut is less than a dollar. Seriously? I get these stupid fancy donuts in NY for $2+.

My advice - if you can, just get one of each donut. I got half a dozen (+1 because I noticed an extra flavor I really wanted to try), took it back to the hotel, ate one, then ate another, and immediately wished I had got a dozen (or two dozen, but who's counting?). I didn't even care if I gained a few pounds by the end of the night, they were so good, it made me wonder what the donuts I didn't buy tasted like. All were light, fluffy, fresh, and the fillings had a whipped texture and weren't too sugary. The fruit filled ones weren't too sweet or too tart but had the slight real (not artificially flavored) fruit tang. My favorite was the s'mores donut, but really I loved them all.

Staff is also friendly and can help you decide if you're overwhelmed by the variety.

I had these donuts and would get all of them again:

S'mores
Maple bacon
Boston cream
Lemon filled
Salted caramel
Peanut butter creme
Apple fritter (they're famous for this one)

Note: they are closed on Sundays.
When I think of my trip to Philly, the thing I'd want to do most is pack up Beiler's Bakery into my pocket and bring it around with me for the rest of my life. Granted, I'd gain a gaggillion pounds, but in this circumstance, we might have the ONLY excuse in which that's okay.

These donuts are the BEST FREAKING DONUT I have EVER had. (Disclaimer, I'm not even a huge donut fan, so this is saying something!)
I was able to try 4 different ones (only 4 sadly, I was hoping to try a few more before I realized they are CLOSED ON SUNDAYS -- the owners are Amish)... I was with a ton of friends this weekend and this was literally all we could talk about, and how excited we were to go back again. 

Anyways, let's break it down:
-Donuts are made FRESH -- right in front of your very eyes! You can see all the steps from frying them in oil, being stuffed with creme, and glazed! Whoo, quite the experience, don't you think? Biting into one of their donuts is like biting into a cloud.
-ANY flavor you can think of... REALLY -- There were so many darn donut flavors, it was difficult to choose. To name a few, Harvest apple, mocha creme (the one I ordered), banana creme pie, chocolate glazed, blueberry fritter, apple cider, french cruller, apple pie, and some mysterious "Elvis" one with bacon on it (WHAT???????)
-Fast and friendly service -- Self explanatory.
-95 FREAKING CENTS. Can we get a Hallelujah for cheapness?


So, stop reading this, and go. Just go. NOW. And if you go, please send me one :)
Beiler's Bakery, I'm gonna have to give you a 5 stars for the sheer fact that these awesome donuts from plain to bacon covered with peanut butter cream are all HANDMADE, AND did I mention they're less than $1 each...WHO DOES THAT.

Having had all the fad donuts in nyc that can range from 3-5 bucks EACH getting something at Beiler's is too good to be true. Honestly, after you've had one of their donuts you'll be looking at every other donut shop and shaking your head. 

Donuts tried:

Powered Lemon curd filling 4/5:  Light and fluffy with just the right amount of lemon filling. 
"The Elvis" 5/5: Bacon topped peanut butter cream filling. The cream wasn't overly peanut buttery but had a smooth sweet texture. Bacon topping...enough said


Tip: Flavors start running out around 3-4 pm. The bakers usually make the last batch around 3pm
Best donuts in the city. Everyone already knows that. But the thing you should get are the Pennsylvania Dutch apple fritters. Maybe the best thing you will ever eat. It's all good but if you need that maximum sugar high, it's the crack of the dessert world.
Great apple fritters, sticky buns, and other equally delicious artery-clogging baked goods.
This really was a great spot for baked goods.

I tried their Blueberry Bread/Loaf, which was great - dense with some fluffiness, rich and moist texture and filled with blueberry sweetness.  It also had a slight cream cheese drizzle down the middle of the loaf, which added that extra something-something to the bread.  

It had the perfect amount of sweetness and was a delicious treat.  

They accept credit cards, which is a great bonus!
TL; DR: Donut heaven. The wait in line is worth it. Get the fritters.

One second you're standing in a crowd at Reading Terminal Market, the next second there are people lining up behind you. Congratulations, you just found yourself in the line for Beilers Bakery. The line is literally over 100 people long, and you slowly inch your way towards the counter while blocking traffic to all the adjacent shops. Finally, you reach Beilers, and you are still maybe 20-30 people away from the front - but now you gaze upon the birth of new donuts. Watch that dough get kneaded, pounded, and cut. Watch other donuts being dipped and transformed into their sugary glaze. Still, watch others being jammed full of jellies. The sights and smells before you are glorious. The only thing left to do is order a dozen donuts, eat them all, and admit to your gluttonous nature. The only nightmare scenario is when you finally get to the front and they are all out of fritters. Woe is me.
Interesting donut flavors.  I got the Elvis Delight and a glazed donut.  I don't know...  I'm not sure what they fry their donuts in but the donuts have a taste to them that I don't care for.  I'm thinking it's lard because the donuts had a meaty taste.  
Nope.  Just can't.
Two dozen apple fritters please! How odd that I go to Beiler's for their fritters but their fritters are absolutely amazing. They have them in apple and blueberry flavor. My suggestion is to go early in the morning when they have not run out of apple ingredient. Towards the end of the day, the fritters have less chunks of apples in them.

I also get half a dozen of regular flavored donuts. By regular, I mean loaded on top with maple bacon, key lime, creme, lemon, mint, and chocolate. Their frostings are perfectly infused with the flavors and just the right amount of sugar. Yes, the donuts are very sweet but the donut dough part is perfectly fluffy enough to serve as the vehicle to compliment the frostings.

I dream about these donuts all the time. They are the best donuts ever. Better than Doughnut Plant and Dough in NYC. I will gladly drive down to PA for these donuts anytime. There are an absolute must when visiting Philadelphia.

Please note: Beiler's is closed on Sundays.
First time down here. Went in line at a good time. Before all the crowds were there waiting. Customer service was good and speedy. The donuts looked mouth watering and I couldn't wait to try all the unique flavors. I picked out a key lime pie donut and it was surprising very tasty! Tasted exactly like a key lime pie! I also tried their signature fruity pebbles donut- it was okay. The donuts were soft and fresh and were tasty. But I honestly think another donut shop near Philadelphia has better donuts. I like how there's so many unique flavors which is very interesting and different, but I couldn't eat more then one. The flavors and tastes all started to combine with one another- I think for the fact all of them were dipped in glaze.
Absolutely light and delicious donuts! I love donuts, but particularly enjoy the lighter ones as opposed to the cakier ones. I got the cinnamon sugar, glazed, and blueberry fritter, all of which I devoured in one sitting...oops. These are not your perfectly shaped donuts, but that's what makes them feel less like a Dunkin' Donuts, and more like a Beiler's. I highly recommend trying the fritter!

I came on a Friday noon, and the line was fairly long, but moved at a rather decent pace. Love being able to see the donuts being freshly fried in front of you!
Some of the best doughnuts I've ever had. We ordered the maple bacon and the glazed doughnut. Both come highly recommend. The Creme is oozing through the maple bacon. The maple really brings the sweetness of the icing and the savory taste of the bacon together. The dough itself is fresh and made on premisis. 
The glazed doughnut is fresh and sugar filled. It is amazing!!!!
Why are you so tasty and yet so far from me :( 

As many of you guys know, I love sweets, particularly donut and chocolate. I found Beiler's coincidently while I visited Philly and I cannot stop thinking about their heavenly donuts.

My fav:
- Boston Creme Donut: I'm not a huge fan of normal boston creme donuts because they tend to be overly sweet because of the chocolate glaze and cream filling. Beiler's is NOT like your conventional ones. The filling is not overly sweet and actually complements the chocolate nicely. 

- Blueberry Fritter: ugh so good, perfect with black coffee. The top of the fritter has a nice texture of somewhat 'crunchy' and the inside is moist and soft. 


Line is long, rumors are true. 
Donuts are amazing, rumors are true. 
If you visit Philly, skip the Philly Cheese Steak, don't skip Beiler's donuts.
Had a chance to visit Beiler's since the yearly convention I attend moved to Philly this year.  Of course, had to visit Beiler's again for the pastries. Was surprised to see they've now occupied two counters: one for pastries and one for donuts.  Of course, went to the donut counter.

Once there, I found out that the apple fritter I've tried awhile back is different.  It's no longer the huge fritter I remember and now it's more of a regular sized donut.  Ordered one of the new versions and got a glazed donut as well as a chocolate iced.

The donuts have a completely different texture than your standard donuts. Hard to describe it but the yeast donuts are very "bouncy."  It's soft but doughy at the same time.  Pretty damn awesome.  The apple fritter was still good although different and I really liked the glazed.  Didn't like the chocolate iced as much because I'm not a fan of the icing?  That's just me though.  There's also a lot of filled donuts, which a lot of people ordered.  Again, not for me, but literally over 10 kinds of filled donuts.

There's most likely going to be a short line and just hope the people before you are decisive because it's hard to make decisions when there's so many different types in front of you!
Honestly the best donuts I've ever had in MY LIFE. I wish I could give this place 30 stars. Now, I am not a donut person at all, but these are absolutely delicious! 

My favorite is the bacon maple. I have never had bacon on donuts before, but the combination is amazing. I haven't tried all of their donuts, but out of the ones I have tried, I have not been disappointed. 

The line may seem intimidating, especially around lunch time, but believe me it goes by VERY FAST!! And it is definitely worth the wait. Plus, while you wait you can watch them make the donuts. 

Honestly this is a MUST for anyone in philly or visiting philly. I highly recommend and I am confident that this place will change your opinion about donuts if you are also not a donut person like myself.
Though these doughnuts may not be the prettiest, they sure are the tastiest! There is such a wide variety. Most are filled with cream and topped with glaze. I most recently tried the salty caramel doughnut and it was just heavenly. 

The doughnuts here are so moist and fresh. It's like biting into a cloud. A very tasty cloud. They were so tasty that I only hated myself a little bit afterwards. 

I am much more of a fan of the kind of doughnuts they offer here than the cake-like variety at Federal Donuts (which is over-priced, dries out quickly, and crumbles easily). The ones here can stay moist and soft for days. 

For 95 cents each, these are definitely the best valued doughnuts in the city. Good thing this place is a bit out of my way or else I would be eating a dozen each day and turning into a giant doughnut myself.
______________________________________
*Update: I came back and tried the some apple fritters I saw them prepare while I was in line. They were still warm when I got them. O.M.G. completely out of this world! I believe I've fallen in love again.
Wow what can we say - the donut line was 100 people deep - and the wait was worth it.  The donuts have to be eaten fresh- dough was so good and the fillings absolutely plentifully done and delicious.  Best donut I have had in a long time.  Had the peanut butter cream, maple bacon, and the vanilla cream - if I lived here I would eat them every day.
These are nowhere as pretty as the ones from Krispy Kreme but who cares?! They're all in my bellayyyy! 

These donuts have the right amount of sweetness that goes perfectly with their coffee. I got a half dozen and felt so euphoric after demolishing a glazed donut that I offered one to one of many homeless folks in the city. In exchange, I got to hear about his experience on the streets that made me reflect on my silly problems like... how do I know if the dude I like is a fuccboi or not? why is my nail polish chipping already? will I ever make it to Yelp Elite? 

Contemplative donuts are good donuts. The glazed pumpkin cake is danksies as well, it made me wonder how important it is that I stay under 500 pounds.
Okay so let's talk donuts and let's talk traditional donuts...You may not find a traditional donut at Beiler's. Now imagine you're at a morning-meeting at work, and someone thoughtful and meaning to do good  brought three boxes of assorted Beiler's to work - unlabeled, it's an early morning meeting so you aren't thinking and you pickup what you think is a strawberry custard donut but it turns out to be a peanut butter cream and strawberry jam donut. You bit into it but didn't know you were about to eat peanut butter flavored frosting and you say to yourself there's something wrong here, and I just wasted a ton of calories and I could have had a real pb&j for less calories and enjoyed it just as much, probably more! The donut was on the oily side and too, too, too, everything-too sweet, too oily and it wasn't what you thought it would be and no one warned you!  

So if you want a maple bacon donut or something equally unusual and you want it oily and too sweet then a Beiler's donut would be the donut for you. So if you see "Beiler's " on the box warn yourself, object isn't what it appears!  Either open your mind or wait for when the other guy brings YumYum donuts to the next office meeting...
Absolutely the best freakin' doughnuts on the planet!
 Yes, you make a long line. But it moves fairly quickly. Especially if the folks ahead of you in line do not wait to browse when it is their turn to order. Grab a menu, mark what you want, hand it to the order taker, pay for your order, then try not to inhale them on the spot.

Seriously. We ordered a dozen for just under $10. Whaaaat???? These are not your run of the mill doughnuts. The filled doughnuts are stuffed. You get filling in every bite. The toppings, glazes , frostings are delish as well. But aside from all that, the actual doughnut is fan-freakin-tastic. I could probably eat it plain! My mouth is watering as I type!

I cannot wait til my travels take me back to Philly. In the meantime, maybe somebody would like to overnight a box of yumminess to me!

Until next time.
This is only the best donut I've ever had.  Under a dollar a donut and everything made fresh in front of your eyes while you wait in line.  The amish knows how to put in work and these donuts blow away all other donuts priced 3 dollars and more.  The dough is moist and their variety gives everyone something to love.  

My favorite is glazed, apple fritters, and the peanut butter and jelly. I decided to get 2 dozen, and had to give them out to my family and friends but 2 dozen was under $20!!.  Can't even pull that off with crappy dunkin donuts.  Worth the wait in line and you can watch them roll the dough, fry them, and stuff them before you order.
Gave it another chance-- this time, instead of going by other's recommendations, I ordered my favorites to see how Beilers rocks those out. I decided on a slice of Red Velvet Cake Roll, a slice of Sweet Potato Pie, and a Pecan & Raisin Cinnamon Bun. Again, it was super cheap. My total came out to $5.50!

The Red Velvet Cake Roll was atrocious. It didn't taste like red velvet at all; instead, it had a heavy egg flavor? The cake itself was also very flour-y and rough. My mom noted that it tasted more like a pancake than red velvet cake. Yikes! (1 out of 5)

The Sweet Potato Pie was OK. Not even close to the best SPP I've ever had, but still enjoyable. I wish the crust was more substantial. (3 out of 5)

The Pecan & Raisin Cinnamon Bun was great. After the whole Whoopie Pie incident, I expected this to be sticky & over-the-top sweet, but it wasn't! Very tasty & light enough for breakfast. (5 out of 5)

Come for the Cinnamon Buns. They make so many different kinds! As far as I'm concerned, everything else can be skipped.
This place is a must when you go to the terminal market. 

You wait in a long line but it's worth the wait. I really don't intend to overly hype this place up. Because I know when I expect food to be the best thing I have ever tasted in my life or when I expect food to take me from earth and to the moon and back based on raving reviews, I get disappointed. So I will say this, the donuts are probably one of the best you will get in your lifetime... Not to hype you up. 

When you get a hot and fresh one right out of the fryer, you will die and go to heaven and back to the reality of your donut. My favorite is the apple fritter. When I say my favorite, i mean I can eat their Apple fritter for the rest of my life. 

My least favorite is the key lime donut. I would not recommend that flavor. But hey, for less than a dollar a donut, I think it's worth eating every flavor at least once. 

Now the lines are extremely long. So be prepared to wait in a very very long line. 

On a final note, their donuts are very moist and spongy. What I mean is the donut has a bouncy texture. So, these donuts are still pretty decent after a whole day of laying in their box.
Oh. My. God.

The blueberry fritter was phenomenal! Compared to other fritters I've had, this one was not too sweet nor was the glaze too heavy. In fact, the fritter had this wonderful soft, springy texture to it.

I also really enjoyed the combination of cinnamon and blueberries. Smiles all around!
These were the best donuts ever. I overdosed on sugar one day because of these donuts. I love the blueberry and apple fritter. I liked the caramel apple donut albeit it was a tad too sweet. Some
black coffee would've helped me. I was licking my caramel off the donut. These donuts are FRESH! It was awesome. The pumpkin spice was a little too dry for me but there are plenty of flavors that were awesome. Half a dozen donuts were only $4.95! (Take that, cronut!)
Mega long line for cheap Amish donuts. The Apple fritters were glorious. Maple bacon, Nutella and glazed were ok but I would stand in line for another 30 minutes for the fritters and to try others. 
  I also made a couple of bucks since someone didn't wanna wait in line with his kid and wife so I bought his Apple fritters, haha.
Once upon a time (against my intentions) I decided to buy a WHOLE apple pie here because I couldn't help it. It was very crowded (as it always is bc this place rocks). The nice Amish boy rung me up, and something was finicky with the credit card machine, and he asked me if the payment went through. I checked my app, and it did. However, he only charged me for a quarter pie (which they sell conveniently), not a whole pie. I had an internal struggle about whether to lie to said nice Amish boy (don't lie to yourself; you would consider it too), but my good conscience prevailed, and I came clean. He looked at me, looked at the credit card machine and then the whole pie in my hand. He proceeded to shrug and say, "Dont worry about it; have a nice day!". Moral of the story: If you tell the truth, you COULD be rewarded with pie. The end.
Yup, best donuts in the history of donuts and right in the Reading Terminal! I honestly don't love donuts, but these things are unbelievable. Love all of the unique flavors from salted caramel to blueberry to strawberry. All are amazing. I love the fluffy, creamy, light and super flavorful fillings and the super fresh dough around it. Must try!!!!!!!
While walking through the market we noticed a long line of people waiting for donuts. So of course we had to try them. While waiting you can watch them making the donuts and look through all the selections they have to offer. 

We opted to try a maple bacon donut. It was nice and soft, crispy bacon and you could taste the real maple flavor in the frosting. We also tried a glazed cruller, perfectly soft and tasty. We also got a apple and blueberry fritter. Both had great texture and you could taste the fresh fruit throughout. It is definitely worth the wait to get some of their donuts.
My third year med school student daughter and myself met for lunch on a very busy Saturday at the Reading Terminal Market and of course we needed to top off our lunch with a trip to Beiler's. The line was enormous, it wrapped around another aisle and we waited close to an hour. It was all good as it gave us time for our Tommy DiNic's sandwich to settle in and also partake in some people watching. I do love the Reading Terminal Market.

I also like a good doughnut and Beiler's is currently at the top off my list, better then Federal and even the hallowed Doughnut Plant in NYC, especially when the price is factored in. Four doughnuts, made fresh were less then $5.00. The smell alone will pull you into the line and keep you waiting patiently.

I ordered the Elvis and the Blueberry Cake doughnuts. The Elvis was cream filled and had bacon on top. The Blueberry was fresh and not overly sweet without icing. Both of my doughnuts were delicious. Beiler's has a large assortment to choose from and it's not easy to decide because they all look so good. I was sort of happy I was still full from my pork sandwich or I would have ordered a dozen and consumed most of them.

One of the reasons the line was so excessively long on my latest visit was there was some spill over from the auto show. Beiler's does take credit cards and is a must stop when visiting the Reading Terminal Market!
These donuts are stupid good - 5 stars all day. 

I'm not even a big donut fan and rarely ate donuts until I moved to Philly. After seeing the line-up daily in (and around) the market, I had to see what all the excitement was about. 

I just can't do justice describing these donuts so I won't. They are incredible and you must try them.

Highlights include the blueberry and apple fritters, Caramel Apple, Harvest Apple, Maple Bacon (the Canadian in me :), chocolate, s'mores, Mocha creme... hell they are all good. 

The Reading market should be a stop for anyone visiting the city so do yourself a favor and wait in line for these donuts. 

Sure donuts are not good for you but these types of treats in moderation makes eating all the salads and fruits bearable   

BK
(3.5) ~ good overall sweets & service.  Notes: They do take Credit Cards & They'll validate your Parking Ticket.

Donuts:
** Nutella Crème(seasonal) = (4.25) Very good & My favorite
** Banana Crème = (4) very good
** Salty Caramel = (4) very good & filled with white cream
** Strawberry Glazed = (4) very good
* Bismark = (3.75) Good
* Glazed Crème Filled = (3.75) Good
* Peanut Butter & Jelly = (3.75) Good
* Glazed = (3.5) good
* Crème Filled Powdered = (3.5) good
* Blueberry Fritter = (3.25) pretty good
* Oreo Crème = (3.25) pretty good
* Chocolate Mousse = (3) ok
* French Crueler = (3) ok, but stale:(
* Whoopie Pie = (3) ok
Think of a bunny; A cute little bunny frolicking through a vast meadow with flowers and shrubs of all different colors, the sun glimmering down upon their bright, peaceful petals.  

And now imagine that bunny being pummeled by a barrage of fireballs.  Oh the terrible things I would do just to have a bite of Beiler's donuts.

Terrible...unfathomable...things *insert Anthony Hopkins slobber here*

The girlfriend and I found this place by accident.  We were just strolling inside the bustling Reading Terminal Market when a Fruity-Pebbles-topped donut caught our eye.

Oooh, pretty colors!  

Yes, it was cereal that drew us in. Not the line wrapping around the corner, not the hand-made quality prepared right before our eyes, and (shame on me for this) not even the Yelp reviews.  

You had me at Fruity Pebbles.

The selection was mind-boggling!  Banana cream, yum.  Apple fritter, delectable.  Maple bacon, mm yea talk to me.  Oreo cream, OH YES TAKE ME NOW!  There's definitely a flavor for all different taste buds.

What made these fried goodies exceptional from any other donuts I've tasted was: 1) the dough: Thin, crispy crust on the outside gives way to a soft, pillowy, but not spongy, center.  2) The fillings: light, whipped cream that was not overly sweet made it very easy to devour.  

I'm a weird individual in that I can't handle anything too sweet.  Finishing a single candy bar is equivalent to a marathon for me, so I like that Beiler's donuts can satisfy my sweet-tooth without overloading it.

Whether you're grabbing a dozen or two for a function, or just want to savor something sweet after a meal at one of the other vendors, definitely stop by when in Philly.  The only downside is that any donut you taste in your life afterwards WILL NOT compare.

Because once you go Beiler's, you gon' need a wheelchair. (Kudos to anyone who gets the reference).
within the confines of the reading terminal market is one of the amazing wonders of the culinary world...beiler's bakery!!  as a left coaster i've not experienced a foodie heaven like the terminal market and especially not a bakery like beiler's!! so let's just say they make amazing "donuts" but i'd really rather call them pastries because of many forms they make...warm, tasty treats that make a person just plain weep for joy!! and let us not forget the savory side of bieler's which has amazing array of pickles which i've heard are to die for....i'll need to revisit them to try the pickles!! hey there are only sooo many things a mere mortal can consume on a given day!!!  blessings!!
I'm not a doughnut person but I make an exception for Beiler's doughnuts.  A dozen doughnuts for $14.75 is not bad considering they are freshly made and there's a lot of toppings.  You can actually watch them roll and fry the doughnuts.  My favorite doughnut here is the maple bacon.  I sometimes also get the apple fritter, the blueberry fritter, the mocha cream, the strawberry filled, the French cruller, the coconut custard, the key lime, the banana cream, and the triple chocolate cake (please don't judge me).  The maple bacon has pieces of bacon on top and in the doughnut and it's not too sweet.  The strawberry filled has thick and not too sweet strawberry jam.  The fritters have large pieces of fruit and very fluffy on the inside.  You definitely have to eat them fresh since they get dry the next day.  They're not here on Sundays so better come on Saturday if you're in Philly on the weekend.
Whoopie pie!! I bought 3 other different kinds of things but my heart only remembers the Whoopie pie!!  I bought 2 chocolate and 1 oatmeal WP's and I wish i didn't share!  It was like heaven in my mouth.  Thank you! 

Next time I visit the Reading Terminal.  You guys will be the first shop I visit!
Best fresh homemade donuts I ever had. They have many varieties to choose from. Had the maple bacon, oreo cream, fruity pebbles and chocolate moose donuts. All of them were top notch. Coffee there is good too. Great spot for those who love desserts.
Worth the wait!!! I get a salted caramel whenever I am at Reading Terminal Market. They must be eaten there, or within the hour for the ultimate perfect experience. This has to be stop if you're visiting Philadelphia from out of town and love donuts.
Two words: Blueberry Fritter

When we got off the plane in Philly, we were starving and glad the first stop on our impromptu tour was Reading Terminal Market. After lunch, we ambled over to Beiler's at the recommendation of our friend.

We went with a dozen doughnuts; mostly glazed varieties and a few fritters thrown in for good measure. The glazed doughnuts are fine. I had chocolate frosted and a plain glazed; they reminded me a lot of Krispy Kreme in size, texture and taste. I'm not really a fan of fruit in my baked goods, but if there's one thing I'll make a concession for, it's an apple fritter. Beiler's delivers; their apple fritter is above average.

If their apple fritter is above average, their blueberry fritter is out of this world. We got it because it was still warm and fought over every last bite because it was so delicious yet not overly sugary tasting. Seriously, that thing is slap your mama good.

If you're in Reading Market, stop by for a fritter.
Omg I only had one donut from Beiler's, but I just had to write a review for it. It was seriously the best donut I've ever had. It's nothing like the typical donuts you get from Krispy Kreme or Dunkin Donuts. Reminds me more of bread than a donut since it's quite doughy and doesn't feel or taste oily at all. Each donut is $0.95. I highly recommend the blueberry fritter. Sooo good! Made me wish I went to Beiler's sooner on my trip, but that probably would've been a bad idea with all the eating I was already doing at the Reading Terminal Market. If you don't like blueberries, they have an apple fritter too.

It's always busy so I would try to go earlier if possible. They stop restocking donuts in the afternoon since it closes at 6pm so if you you don't want to end up choosing from whatever they have left over, get there early. Anyways, the fresher they are, the tastier!
I have a problem.  I like sweets, starches, and fried things.  My doctor advises me to stay away.  Sadly, I'm probably hurling myself to an early grave.  But these doughnuts are sooo good and everything I shouldn't have, rolled into a bundle of joy.

So a quick rundown:  Beiler's is an Amish-run doughnut shop in Reading Terminal where you can watch the doughnuts be made with all the love that you'd give your own child.  The doughnuts are cradled tenderly and stuffed with the most delectable of creams and fillings.  Not unlike how'd you'd stuff your own child with baby food and oatmeal.

-Blueberry Fritter, when it's hot, 5 stars, hands down. 

Everything else is decent but doesn't quite rise to the same level as the fritters.  So it is fried dough, so what's not to like.  They're chewy and frostings aren't too sweet.  That said, it's terribly unhealthy for you.  The health minded part of me, advises to stay away, the yelper in me advises get a dozen.
Oh my lord.  So I thought I had one of the best donut in Ohio about a month ago.  

Nope.  

THIS was the best donut I've ever had.

Oh my gosh, I haven't been able to stop thinking about it.  ("It".  Okay, you got me....I had two.)

The best by far was the Elvis, which had this lucious banana cream filling. 

The maple cream was awesome too.  

And the peanut butter and jelly was pretty yummy, although I would rank that one third. 

Ok. You guys caught me.  I had three.  I know.  I am surprised I stopped there.  There were so many more flavors I wanted to try. 

The French and their bread.  The Greeks and their baklava.  The Germans and their strudels.  These people can BAKE.   

But the AMISH.  The AMISH and their DONUTS.  Now HERE is a way under-rated group of bakers.  The freshest dough.  The creamiest cream.  And a little bit of magic.  I will be dreaming about these donuts from now until my next trip to Philly.
The single greatest basic bakery donuts you'll ever buy. I promise you. The salted caramel donut with vanilla crème filling is absolutely divine, and the chocolate glazed and regular glazed are delightful selections as well BUT, the salted caramel.....lol. These donuts just melt in your mouth. There's a perfect fried taste to them that is ridiculously comforting. My goodness!  I made the mistake of trying to be halfway compliant with my diet, especially after scarfing down a cannoli from Termini Bros. for breakfast, and simply ordered ONE salted caramel donut. I went outside to eat it, and promptly turned BACK around to rejoin the giant mammoth of a line for the place to get a 1/2 dozen. I hear they have a donut with bacon on top,...say WHAT?!!?...Unfortunately, I didn't see that one that day, but the salted caramel sufficed. There's nothing they do wrong here, except NOT taking credit cards. Huge bummer, but it definitely helps to keep the lines moving. For those like myself who never carry cash however, it was a bit annoying having to bum money from my friends until I could get to an ATM. :shrugs: BUT, THE SALTED CARAMEL lol...

 I'll be back every chance I get!
If you are in philly and craving some donuts, this is the spot. Absolutely delicious and there are way too many options to choose from. They have a bakery next door if you wanna pick any pies/cakes/bread/bagels. Also, a huge plus, the bakery is in the reading terminal market so you can always walk around and try different food items. But these donuts are definitely a MUST TRY
I have officially become a Whoopie convert. The pie has to be the most decadent dessert creation that I ever had. Two gooey soft chocolate chip cookies sandwiched together by whipped cream. Dear god. and you can also get it with vanilla or chocolate sponge cake. one of the best things ever indeed!

But Beiler's has plenty of other awesome dessert options I have a decadent piece of chocolate mousse cake in my refrigerator awaiting later consumption right now. they also have breads, apple fritters, the best shoo-fly pie ever, and so much more. inexpensive too. I scored too great dessert options for less than $5. I'm sold!
OmmmmmmmG. There is quite a line for these donuts in Reading Terminal and you can smell it all before you see them. There's over 20 options to choose from basic to fancy, solid and stuffed! Know what you want when you get up to order and service is prompt and quick...they have this down to a T. When paying I half expected the donuts to be at least $3-4 a piece but they were only $1.20! That made them taste even better...if that was even possible.
All I can say is WOW - I wish I had stopped at Beiler's one of the countless times I have been to Reading Terminal Market in the past! Located at the northwest corner of the market, it has standard baked goods on one side, and the holy grail - their doughnut shop - right across the aisle. The long line was what caught our attention, and after paying homage at The Original Turkey, we wandered back up here to stand in line and grab 'dessert', which maybe is a bit of a disservice to arguably the best doughnuts I've ever tasted. You definitely prime yourself for the experience by passing by the guys who are hand-rolling the doughnuts before you get to the finished product, and then you are there - lots of interesting, fun flavors to try. We went with three - a standard glazed, the maple creme, and a cinnamon sugar pumpkin doughnut - a nice haul for under $3.

Probably the best handful of $$ I have spent recently is the best way to put the experience. There's no doubt you are tasting the deliciousness of frying oil with each bite, but the glazed doughnut was a near-religious experience for me. It's my baseline for evaluating how good a doughnut can be...and this is, bar none, the best freakin' glazed doughnut I have ever had. So chewy and moist, with sugary goodness bursting out of the doughnut with each bite. It's hard to put into words, and no matter how good the other offerings look, you have to try at least one of these first. I'm a huge fan of doughnuts with maple frosting - and I'm generally wary of doughnuts filled with cream (I was a Boston creme person from Dunkin' a long time ago, but those days are long past), but this was incredible. The flavor of the maple coming from inside the doughnuts was a surprise inversion (and the doughnut is as chewy and airy as the glazed doughnut, making the impact of the creme even more pronounced), while the concentrated maple glaze on top, along with the crunchy candied walnuts, made for every bite to be singularly delicious. It was hard to match those two, but the pumpkin doughnut was very solid, although I don't think the flavoring brought out the richness of the flavor as much as, say, pumpkin bread does. I also think the cinnamon and sugar also was a bit on the lighter side.

I'm really glad we decided to check out the doughnuts here. Reading Terminal is always a must-visit when my wife and I visit Philly, and this is definitely going to be a must-visit shop within the market going forward as well. Absolutely divine doughnuttery going on here (and at a fabulous price, no less)!
As I didn't get to really partake in the baked goods (though I really wanted to), I'm sticking to an OK as the lines were super long for everything. So make sure you go into the right lines. One focuses more on baked goods another just the donuts. They had a lot of interesting donut flavors. The folks running it are Amish and it was so fascinating seeing them do their baking. Quite a treat for kids to see! 

Beiler's Bakery is located on the Northwest side of Reading Terminal. So enter from there but you'll see it as it's always packed.
These donuts were okay. Nothing special honestly. I don't know if it's because I've had really good  donuts and these don't compare, but I honestly didn't understand the hype of this place. I definitely wouldn't return.
I absolutely love it here. This is one of those establishments that you absolutely have to recommend to people visiting Philadelphia. It's located in the Reading Terminal so you can enjoy other shopping before you stop by their counter. It is cash only- so remember that!

They have mind blowing donuts! Such a guilty treat! Everything is always freshly baked, the staff is super friendly. Be prepared however because there's almost always a line but it is worth the wait. My personal favorite is the coconut donut with the cream inside. It's truly heaven! If you haven't gone here yet you need to!
