This was the worst dining experience we have ever had. It is a shame too, because it could have been a good evening.

First off, the food was good. Not great, and maybe not worth the price, but I would have been fine with it except for the service.

The short version: The owner is disingenuous and a liar. He treated our party with no respect, no concern for our experience, and showed us the ugly side of philadelphia. He needs to learn some customer service skills, and care more about his customers.

The long version (still condensed): We had reservations for 8 for 6pm, that kept getting pushed back and we ended up showing up at 5:45. Half our party was running late. They seated our initial 4 anyways, and only came around the table to fill water and ask us where the rest of our party was. 

Once we ordered some apps, they finally brought us some bread and asked us about drink orders.

We were further pressured to order our meals - and finally did before the rest of our group arrived. They were about 45 minutes late, and ordered quickly. 

At just before 8pm we were asked if we wanted dessert or coffee and we declined. We were given the check. We asked about splitting and were told we could use 4 cards equally, which was fine with us. A minute later the owner came over and said the credit card system was down, and they could only accept cash. He pointed us to an ATM across the street. A number of us from the group walked over to get cash, and another asked about writing a check which the owner said was fine. When we came back from getting cash the others in our group said they saw other customers paying with credit cards. We asked the owner about this and he got hostile quickly saying we had been in his restaurant for 4 hours, and half our party was very late, and that we must pay cash! A couple of the guys in our group were not happy with this and argued with him, and it got heated and the owner yelled and made it clear he lied about the credit cards being down and that paying cash was his way of getting back at us. He was completely unprofessional.

Before a fight could break out, we left cash to cover the tab and got out of there. Never have I felt so badly about spending money (it was not cheap either), on a dining experience. I could never recommend anyone visit this restaurant as long as it is owned by the current person.
Terrible experience and apparently as I read through the reviews I wasn't the only one.  The manager/hostess have some serious customer service issues here.  First of all they told my friend on the phone (30 yr old) that this wasn't a place for your friends to sit and drink all night long.  For heavens sake it was her 30th birthday.  She wanted a few more than 6 people there and they were already giving a bad attitude.  Well anyways she didn't care and wanted to eat there.

So when we got there a few people were late.  They had a problem sitting our almost complete party.  Instead they rather let the door and hallway get crowded.  Then as we hassled to get them to seat us the manage had some nerve to tell us we had to be out by 7:30.  Correct me if I am wrong, but aren't paying customers allowed to enjoy themselves and not feel rushed?  After all we did spend over $500 dollars.

Well anyways, that's not all, one of our friends accidentally let out a semi loud laugh.  It was only one laugh and the hostess had the nerve to come and tell her to be quite because people are complaining.  Meanwhile it was only a minute after she laughed.  So I don't know but I think the hostess complained and blamed it on the customers.  

Anyways, I felt rushed I felt stressed and even though the food was good I was very annoyed and pissed off.  The manager and hostess ruined this experience.  And because of that I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.  The only good thing I can say is that our waiter was very nice to us.  I was sure to thank him on my way out and then have my words with the manager.

I don't normally write bad reviews so trust me and avoid this place.
The owner is a liar, inappropriate, and unfair.  Do not ever eat here with a big party of people.  I went with my friends for new years eve.  We made our reservation well in advance, we even changed it to accommodate the restaurant, and when we got there, he literally put a time limit on the length of our dinner.  He told us we had 1.5 hours to eat with our party of 12! He consistently talked rudely about us to other patrons in the restaurant.  Furthermore, the food was almost shoved in our faces.  I have never seen food served so quickly, not to mention some dishes were cold.

I suggest that you never go here. The food was decent and the waiter was very nice, but the owner is unreasonable and does not deserve our business
It was a packed house. This past Friday, my whole work department and I went to Bellini Grill to celebrate our beloved director's 80th birthday. In total,  we were 13 people, 9 bottles of wine and few beer cans here and there. 

Bellini Grill is my director's favorite restaurant. We started planning something special, more than two months in advance, for her milestone birthday.  During our planning process, and since we were a big group, we called Bellini Grill like a zillion times, to make sure we've covered all the bases before we got there. 

We opted for the 3-Course Tasting menu:
1st Course-Insalate (Salads), 2nd Course-Antipasti (Appetizers), 3rd Course-Secondi Piatti (Main Course). As it was a milestone celebration, we wanted to bring a cake, but there was a cake cutting fee $4 per person. Are you kidding me? NO-NO. So we decided to be creative and create our own tasting menu. We were able to choose between the Insalate and Antipasti as our 1st course, Piatti for our 2nd/ Main course, and 3rd course dessert. Did I mention it is a byob, with no corkage fee?!

For $35 , the 12 of us, enjoyed a good meal, with a great service in a lively atmosphere. Our Director was able to choose from the regular menu, which to my knowledge was not so different from the tasting menu, just few more items. 

For a taste that really stack up, you can't beat the delicious fresh Insalata di Cesare, Linguine con Gamberetti, Salmone alla Griglia, Fusilli all 'Amatriciana, sweet treats, a killer creme brulee and much, much more. With a menu like this, you can't go wrong. 


P.S: 
- If I went there solo, on a date or with smaller group I wouldn't have given it more than 3 stars. However, because they handled our semi-big party very well. Also, everyone in my party loved and enjoyed their food. My Insalata di Cesare was good, but Tagliata di Manzo ( NY strip ) wasn't cooked to my preference, dry and chewy. The creme brûlée was an absolute delight. 

- This restaurants is great for groups as well as dates.

Three and half Yelps.
My girlfriend and I stopped in here during CC Sips, and I left pretty disappointed that I had wasted my second to last Sips of 2017 at this place. Although the restaurant is very pretty, the food and drinks really fell flat. 

I walked in at about 5:45 pm on a Wednesday to a completely empty house (CC Sips goes from 5-7 pm). Sips does a pretty solid job of bringing people into restaurants/bars, so being the only person there almost half way through was a bit of a red flag. My friend was on her way there though, so I stayed. 

The second red flag took place when I was talking to the bartender. Although he was nice and friendly, when I asked him which of their wines he would recommend, his direct response was, "I wouldn't recommend any of their wines". Yikes. Not something you would expect a restaurant employee to say. I then asked him which of the cocktails he would recommend, to which he forcibly suggested one out of list of four. His answer was not at all convincing, so I opted against it and just played it safe with a Bellini (you can't really go wrong with peach purée and prosecco). 

For food, we both shared the Bruscetta and Mozzarella alla Caprese. The bruschetta came two to an order, and the Caprese came four to an order. Both were mediocre, at best. I've recently been on a huge caprese kick, and I couldn't help but think my homemade version tastes better (and trust me, that's saying a lot)! 

Sadly, I don't see myself returning here after my first experience. I guess I didn't give it too much of a chance since I didn't have a full meal, but if the small plates I tried are of any indication for their entrees, I'll pass.
ALL DINERS ARE NOT CREATED EQUAL!
Just left Bellini Grill and was so disappointed.  Let me start by saying we have been to the same restaurant many times and brought several if our friends here.  During all of these visits we have never had a bad experience at this restaurant -- until tonight.  While the evening started off well it quickly went downhill.  Let me explain.  

We arrived for our reservation early but our table was not ready.  No problem right?  They invited us to wait at the bar.  After the bartender offered to make us a drink he apologized for our table (by this time the table was late) and offered to pay for our drinks.  Thought that was pretty cool and very customer focused right?  It stopped there.  Please note we did not ask him to comp our drinks nor did we make a fuss about the table being late.  

When we got to our table we both ordered an appetizer and an entree.  It took them forever to clear the table after our first course.  In fact when they brought our entree the dirty dishes from our appetizers we're still on the table.  They just moved the dishes around to get our food on the table.  Then it took them forever to remove our entree dishes which need wrapping.  

Did I mention that we were a table of two?   Right next door was a table of five who arrived after us.  They received their meal about the same time as we did but honestly I wasn't paying attention to how quickly their table was cleared.  The server asked them if they wanted dessert and they declined.  The server then brought them a round of home made grappa and made a big deal about the fact that it was made in house and that it was on the house.  In our previous visits to this restaurant they offered complimentary limoncello at the end of the meal.  So when the server asked us about dessert we said no thanks we will just have some of that homemade grappa.  His response was "well we can't just throw that around ".  So I asked him "so it's ok for that table but not for us" and his response was "well I gave you two drinks already".    Then he came back a few minutes later with two glasses of grappa and told us "he said it was ok". Who is he?

We were very disappointed with this whole situation in addition to the rest of our experience during the evening.  So when we got the bill we left a 10% tip and just so it was clear that we were not just poor tippers, we put a note on the bill "service was disappointing".  

So beware if you are a table of two in a sea of larger tables.  Your service may not be the same even though your money spends the same way.
We had made reservations a week in advance and confirmed the morning of the scheduled date. Everything seemed 'good to go.' As we arrived (on time) at the restaurant, the host assured us that our table would be ready in fifteen minutes. He even graciously offered to hold our wine bottles while we waited outside. However, after thirty minutes of waiting, we were growing a bit anxious.

We inquired with the host about the hold up and he assured us it would be just another minute or two. At that point, we had already waited 30 minutes, what was an extra couple? At the 45 minute mark, we had asked for our bottles of wine back, and the host had the gall to "politely" refuse and said they were setting up the table.

After 50 minutes of waiting, I begrudgingly agreed to my friends' request to dine at the restaurant as their hunger-dom had overwhelmed them.

Being a party of four, I was appalled to see that we were seated at a make-shift bistro table designed for two people. To make matters worse, one of the seats was positioned in front of the shelf that held all the dishes and napkins and utensils. The staff constantly excused themselves to reach around the chair to get napkins--who does that?

The food was good (nothing spectacular but good nonetheless). The chef even came out and asked if we enjoyed our meal.

After dinner, as soon as our plates were cleared, the staff and host began to rush the smaller parties out the door as there was a group of 18 coming. It was a terrible experience.

In short: good food but not worth the hassle with the staff.
6 men out on a Friday Night out for dinner -  If it was just me I may not be writing this but all of us agreed and trust me we never agree as a group on anything.

It was a first and last for all of us.  Cute decor and it stops there.  

Food was basic to say the least.  Now to the point -  Tasteless - Nothing Special- Bland - Boring.

The waiter tried but he tried to hard -  Was just a little over the top and I have to say just annoying.  

It was a little pricy which is not an issue for us but there was no return on this investment.
We had an amazing meal here!  Service was wonderful and food was very good!   I would go back next time we are in town!
I was here for Restaurant Week and it was an overall pleasant experience with pretty decent Italian food.  Would I come here again?  Probably not, when there are so many other options for more authentic and cheaper Italian cuisine in the city. 

For one: the place, though cute in that tzotchke fake Italian mural-painted, gold-plated, red velvet curtain way, is wayyyy too packed in.  I understand trying to maintain that on-top-of-each-other city vibe as a way to make it look more crowded than it actually is, but I couldn't even pull my seat out or take my coat off or reach for my purse without nearly bumping elbows or shoulders with someone else- and those poor waiters spent most of the night tiptoeing around the floor so as to not bump into something and spill their trays.  Maybe it was like this cause it was Restaurant Week, but I still think a redesign of the space could work (i.e. taking out those gaudy fake Roman pillars).

It's BYOB, which I don't have a problem with.  The menu was super varied for Restaurant Week- almost too varied.  It was very hard to decide.  I landed on an escargot appetizer having just had amazing escargot at Sbraga.  Unfortunately, it was pretty gross.  It was laden with a heavy sauce and way too many peppers.  My soup was fine.  There was plenty of bread on the table which is good.  For an entrée, I got some sort of creamy shrimp pasta dish and it was really delicious.  The other guests I were with loved their entrees as well.  Not like super amazing authentic Italian, but still tasty enough to not make it feel cheap.  The cheesecake dessert was delicious and decorated adorably in the strawberry gel writing.  Nothing I couldn't have gotten anywhere else, though.

My main problem was the rush factor.  The waiter straight up told us once we sat down that there was a max of 1 1/2 hours to dine, which okay I get it, it's super busy cause of Restaurant Week, but it doesn't leave a good taste in my mouth knowing I gotta wrap up super quick and can't digest and drink wine for a little.  It sounds like a lot of time but with a group of people on a Friday night (each with a bottle of wine), it's really not.  In fact, we thought 'screw that' cause we really weren't done with our wine so we stayed and chatted for a bit, but I can see and feel the hostess and waiters seething at us from the corner.  It felt a little unprofessional.

Overall, if you want a night out in the city and don't feel like whiny kids at Olive Garden or stuffy rich old couples at some high-end place, this is one of those good in-betweener restaurants.
The manager is not a nice person. Most ridiculous experience. Don't go here with more than 4 people and make sure you all arrive at the same time. Or just pick some place else and give your money to an honest person.
I'd never noticed this restaurant before dining there last week with a small group after a meeting just down the street. Now that I've been introduced to the delicious food and attentive service of Bellini, I feel like I've somehow been cheated by not discovering it sooner, especially since I love BYOBs. One of my dining companions, who was both hungry and picking up the tab, encouraged me to order a lot more than I normally would have and I was happy to oblige since I couldn't pick just one thing from the tempting menu. We started with grilled calamari (tender and fresh in a lemony glaze) and escargot (a bit zestier than I'm used to and very tasty). My main course was a special, and from the way the waiter described it I was expecting a pretty standard seafood and pasta scampi dish. Instead, I received a plate with a whole lobster staring at me from under a pile of squid-ink and regular noodles dripping with a savory, garlicky sauce. Scallops graced the edge of the plate and shrimp were buried in the lobster's pasta cloak. I didn't think there was any way I could finish it, but it was so good I ate it all. For dessert, we split the creme brulee and chocolate mousse cake. The crust on the brulee could've been a bit more brittle but the flavor was perfect. The cake was just rich enough and not at all heavy like I expected. All in all, it was a fabulous dining experience.
I went here only once - as it did not warrant a return visit.  (There are better Italian places nearby and not so nearby.)  But we had a nice, passable - albeit not very memorable - meal here on a cold winter night.

I had a very nice salmon dish and my (then fiance now) husband has a pasta dish with sausage and peppers.  Both were just OK.  (Mine was better than his, IMO.)  We also tried the "wedding" soup which was way, way too salty.

The servers were pleasant enough and attentive.
I wasn't that eager to try this place out, and I feel about the same now that I have. I'm admittedly a little snobby about Italian food, having lived in Italy and feeling that I can make a lot of (especially pasta) dishes on my own at home, so why pay $12 for them at a restaurant. 

I will give them credit for little details that are definitely important in making a good impression. The waiter was very attentive, courteous, and eager to please. They give you a little sampling of one of their soups for the night as an amuse bouche. When we were wineless, having not realized they were BYOB, he gave us each a glass on the house. 

Hubby seemed to like his ravioli, though the pesto sauce they came in was very soupy. My gnocchi was light, and came with a slab of melted mozzarella, but the tomato sauce didn't have much flavor. The chocolate cake was very rich and tasty. Not horrible, but not the best I've had.
This is a fraudulent Italian restaurant. Way overpriced for store bought box macaroni and store bought Francesco Rinaldi gravy(sauce). Stuffy service and small portions as well.

Alot of yuppie Center City people eat here and are under the impression that this is real Italian food. There are alot of Italians in Philly and alot of Italian restaurants, if you are visiting the city and want some Italian food I suggest going elsewhere.
Very odd experience.  We had a party of 8, of which 6 showed up on time.  My wife mentioned on the way down that the owner/manager had a bit of an attitude during the confirmation call.  Despite the table being open, they didn't want to seat us until all eight were there.  It was 8:15, I didn't think they would turn the table over again.  Unnecessary attitude.  Three of us were ready to walk.  Once we sat down and started to eat, things improved.  Our waitress, Chris, was very personable and nice, I thought she did a good job.  I enjoyed my meal, however others didn't feel the same way.  I had a fettucini special with seafood in a spicy sauce, quite good.

They need to work on the customer concept at the front of the house.
I fine Italian meal during Restaurant Week!  The wife and I stopped by last night.  We were a few minutes early with Open Table reservations.  We were greeted warmly by the owner and seated immediately.  That set the stage for the service for the evening which was exceptional.  At our request our wine was opened immediately.  Water was on the table quickly and refreshed frequently throughout the evening.  Our waiter (Tani) was efficient and pleasant.  Every person that "touched us" throughout the evening was warm and friendly.

I began my four course RW meal with a classic Caesar salad.  Traditional Caesar dressing always contains a little lemon juice.  This dressing had a touch more than most and gave it a little extra zip.  I loved it!

Next was Bruschetta.  When I took my first bite the bread was still warm from the grill.  The toppings were fresh and plentiful.  Certainly not unique but very nice.

My entrée was Involtone Di Manzo (Beef tenderloins rolled around thinly sliced prosciutto, mozzarella & spinach in a mushroom sauce).    Wow, this was very very good.  It was served with a few grilled vegetables and I tasted a little touch of that smokiness from the grill marks with every bite.
  
Desert was classic Profiteroles with warm chocolate sauce.  This completed an excellent meal.

The wife had four completely different courses and was delighted with each one.  

Bellini Grill was a real pleasure for us!
I chose this restaurant based off of it's great location and my love of authentic Italian cuisine. I was celebrating my 23rd birthday and was very anxious to try out Bellinis. To say the very least the entire meal from entree size and taste to service were an absolute let down. They claim they are BYOB, but STILL charge a corkage fee of $25 per bottle ( what's the point ?). I ended up spending a ridiculous amount of money for a forgettable birthday dinner. The best part was when we were preparing to leave, the maitre'd came over to tell us to leave because they had other patrons waiting to have a seat. Overall: overpriced food, mediocre service, non-existent hospitality. CHEERS! 

If you love Italian food and culture I would recommend Olive Garden over Bellinis Grill in Rittenhouse.
Me and a few friends went during restaurant week and the owner was very impolite and yelled at us after he made us push back out reservation from 7:30 to 8 and made us wait over 20 minutes. He told us a table was getting their check when they were just getting served their food. Terrible way to treat potential new customers, never going back
I feel bad even giving this place one star. The service was absolutely horrendous. I have never experienced such indignant behavior from a restaurant chef/owner in my life. Every part of our meal from start to finish was disrupted in some way due to poor service. Do not give this place your money (or your time, because eating here will certainly take up quite a lot of it).

 First, we were seated near the door on an extremely cold evening. The women in our group of 4 were freezing. Apparently, the heat in the front of the restaurant had been switched off. A waiter finally turned it on once an angry woman at the table next to us complained. 

 Next, we had to ask for literally everything. Bread? Only if you request it. Drink refills? You can ask, but they'll take 10 minutes to get to you. Did you order 4 appetizers? Better remember to remind the waiter to bring your 4th one, or you'll never get it. Our main entrees were no better. After waiting for an HOUR for them to finally arrive (and yet again asking where they were before that), 3 meals came out while we waited, no exaggeration, over 15 minutes for the last dish. Other tables around us were offered fresh Parmesan and cracked pepper, but we were not. No one ever came around to ask how the meal was. No apologies were offered at any time to this point. 

After our meals we were ready to get out of there, but we wanted management to be aware of our issues. We were not the only table with the same feelings. The chef (who I guess is the owner because he has final say in regard to bill adjustments) was confronted by no fewer than 3 unsatisfied tables while I was there. The woman seated next to our table even CRIED because of the poor food and service. The chef offered a completely unsympathetic apology, but quickly got angered when we asked for items to be taken off of our menu to compensate for our poor experience. In fact, he was so offended he felt the need to remind us that we weren't at McDonalds.  He was full of excuses (including admitting that he just didn't see the 4th entree on our order and that's why it was so late)  but offered nothing. He grew confrontational, invaded the personal space of those at our table, and was extremely condescending. He even asked someone at our table not to return after we requested the two late dishes be removed from our bill. No problem, sir, I will never return to your horrible establishment and I encourage anyone else who appreciates good service and kindness to do the same. There are plenty of other places to get a better meal than this in the city.
I would give this place 0 stars....HORRIBLE PLACE 
Bellini Grill was a TERRIBLE experience. There were several people there with BOXES of wine and JUGS of wine; engaging in what appeared to be under age drinking. Upon arrival, our table was not ready and the owner/manager was terribly rude.  We literally waited an HOUR before leaving because of the rude, sexist, lying owner who continued to tell us that we would be seated, but we never were. I will NEVER go there again, nor will my friends. We are constantly out and about and as a person in the hospitality industry, I will be sure to tell a myriad of people about this awful place.
I'm still not used to this whole "byob" thing, which is completely my problem but also really annoying.  Especially when you go to a place like Bellini, which freakin shares a name with a delicious alcoholic drink...wtf.  
Or ...for when you go to a place like Bellini, whose food is so boring that you really need that bottle of wine.  :(
The service was good, the waitress was very sweet and made thoughtful suggestions. Admittedly, the food of my dining companions was better than mine, but in my book there are always points for consistency.  
They also had a TV playing "food network" in plain sight which was not in keeping with the mood of the restaurant. weird.
I came here for a friends surprise birthday on a Thursday night. The place was completely empty.

The portion sizes are perfect and the price was great too ($15-$20) for an entrée. 
In the beginning before we ordered, the chef came out to talk to us because there was no one else in the restaurant, which was nice. He told us that all the pasta is made fresh every morning there and that he couldn't wait to cook for us! 

Everyone liked their meals - I got the cheese gnocchi and asked for some grated parm on top and the waiter said, "Um I don't recommend that." Initially I was thinking, 'UMM excuse me sir, I love cheese and I'll have all the cheese I want!' It turns out, he was so right. The gnocchi was super cheesy all on its own. He saved me from a tummy ache. 

Overall good experience for a slow night
It took me 4 years to return to Bellini Grill, and I must say that at the Beginning of our evening I had my faith restored, briefly.

A good friend and I enjoyed our meal here but the super-high notes that started our evening gradually sunk lower and lower.  Firstly, the restaurant was very slow - maybe 3 or 4 tables - when we arrived at 6 or 6:15 PM on a Friday.

We were greeted and our coats were taken.  I immediately noticed that the place looks much differently (and better!) than it did 4 years ago.  Most notable were the painted murals on the ceiling and walls - complete with a "Caesar-like" portrait of the owner on the wall.

One of the specials that night was a shrimp appetizer ($14.95 - ouch!) that fortunately, seemed to justify the high price.  It was outstanding.  I ordered the Caprese Salad with much trepidation.  Winter tomatoes usually disappoint.  Luckily, this Caprese was Excellent - and lightly drizzled with an olive-oil/balsamic/pesto that was bread-dippin' worthy.

The special fishes that night were Branzino and Sole - so just for kicks I asked - and (as expected) the price was super-high - $41!  I could not order it.

Both of us ordered veal dishes which both had flaws - but luckily - delicious thinly-pounded tender veal.  My dish came with 2 tiny lumps of succulent crabmeat.  (So after giving one to my friend - I basically got one bite of crabmeat.  Oh well.)  My dish was also drowning in a heavy butter and lemon sauce - that almost seemed like "Knorr" Hollandaise from a packet.  I nearly ordered the dish "Light on the sauce" and now, I wish I had.  My friend's Veal Saltimboca was great.

By now, the place was hoppin' - so our service began to suffer.  At $8 - $10 each (and $9 for a single cannoli) we skipped dessert.  I really, really wanted a latte - but they were $5.25 (yikes) - so we both ordered decaf coffees.

FAIL!  My coffee had coffee grounds all over the rim of the mug.  The coffee itself was not hot - and tasted awful.  My friend had to ask for cream multiple times (I had wanted milk, and she cream - but they brought only milk.) At $2.50 percup/mug - we were glad to not be charged for coffee we could not drink.

Note:  This place is a BYO - which I had forgotten, and seems odd given the name (Bellini) is a cocktail.

Also Note:  They added a 20% "Service Charge/Gratuity" without us asking.  In this case, I would have left maybe 18% given the service decline at the end of the evening.  That kind pissed us off. 

When all is said and done, I would return to Bellini - but I would order dishes lightly sauced and ask more questions before ordering.  I also would NEVER order coffee nor dessert here.  (At my local Italian bakery I can get a small cannoli for $1.75, large for $3.00 - but I am very lucky to live right near one.)
I have to write an update and take away stars for the rude service i received this weekend. I was so excited to take family to this restaurant because i go here at least once a month. We ate early on a Friday. They had literally just taken my plate and the owner came over to say "lots cold out people are waiting we need your table, you need to hurry up and leave." We were not there for a long time, i understand if at a byob you need to keep it along but it was really rude. We hadn't been given the check, hadn't decided on dessert and were being rushed. I was tying ot finish my glass of wine, and we were told we could not finish our bottle. We were told at least 2 times to hurry up and leave. I am not interested in eating, especially at a byob when you barely get time to finish eating. My pasta was a big portion and i felt completely rushed. With so many BYOBs in philadelphia, i think they have lost my business. I was also really embarrassed because my family felt offended,and i had been talking about how great the place was.
We went to Bellini to celebrate a birthday. We had a large party (18 people), but my friend made reservations for our Saturday dinner on Monday. When we arrived, there was no room for us all to wait, and there were absolutely no tables. After 30 minutes of waiting, six people from our party were seated. Ten minutes after that, another six sat down - a couple tables away. The rest of us were seated 54 minutes after the time of our reservation. We were rudely pushed around by the wait staff while they (finally) rearranged tables so we could all sit together - as we had requested five days in advance. 

The food was good (not great, but good), but the service was awful. The wait staff interrupted conversations by pushing their arms in wherever and whenever they wanted, and I never heard the words "excuse me." 

Bread was brought out for us to eat while we waited for our entrees - no olive oil dip was provided, though, and the butter we were given was practically frozen. 

When the bill came, we were charged a 20% gratuity for our large party, even though we were not seated together for the majority of the meal. We had been told we could not have separate checks at the beginning of the meal and then were reprimanded for not asking for them when it came time to pay. 

I will NEVER return to Bellini. No apologies were made for any of the inconveniences we encountered that night. There must be good Italian restaurants in Philadelphia that also treat you as a valued customer - this was not one of them.
I can't even give it any stars because we never made it there. This is how it happened. I made a reservation for a surprise birthday dinner for my mom. We were a party of 15 and at first the manager (Jimmy) was accommodating saying that we can bring flowers and balloons. He asked if we wanted to do the pre fixe menu and I said I would ask the rest of the party.

We opted for the full menu because some people wanted a bunch of appetizers and two others were gluten free. 

I called 3 days before the party to ask if I can bring a cake. I was told it would be a $4 cutting fee per person which is ridiculous. I then asked if they had cakes and if so how much are they. The hostess said Jimmy would call me back. Which he never did.

Now this is the where it got bad. I called next day spoke to Jimmy and he was very upset we weren't doing the pre fix. He said he only had 8 burners and for me not to give him a hard time if the food comes out late! What??? I was told I didn't have to do a pre fix. 
He then told me that I didn't want to pay (cake cutting)  and that he let me bring my own wine (of course, they don't have a liquor license) and that if he let me bring my own cake too then while I'm at it why don't I just bring my own chicken and fish! 

Need I say more! I hung up the phone made reservations somewhere else and called back to cancel my reservation. I tried to explain but he cowardly hung up on me. Lovely huh.


This review speaks for itself. Just read the rest and you will see that this is not a place you should be eating at. Unless you like bad service!
The food was OK but this place gets a 1-star for horrific service. We had a reservation for 5 and were aligned at a table in a straight line on one side. Given we had a group, the wait staff rearranged the table to a more conducive 3-2 format, which was great. The short, ill-tempered owner (Jimmy Daku) came over and literally grabbed the chairs out of our hands and berated members of our dining party. We asked if we could move to another open 5 person table to which the owner raised his voice and failed to demonstrate the slightest resemblance of hospitality or decency to his patrons. Jimmy Daku caused a bit of a scene as the rest of the patrons clearly took notice. It was quite an embarrassing ordeal for this owner. Our group considered leaving, and we probably would have had we been more familiar with the area. 

It's a shame because the food was OK (3-star) but the service and the maltreatment really hampered the experience. I would not return, and I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND that any of my friends dine there. There are much better Italian BYOBs in the Philly with better service. DO NOT GO HERE.
went for a surprise dinner.  had a party of around 20.  the 'host' or whatever he was wouldn't sit us until everyone was there, despite the fact that it was supposed to be a surprise.  he also was very rude and raised his voice with me because 'i didn't know how a BYOB works...people like to sit and drink after dinner.'  then what's the point of a reservation?  finally got our table, but then there were little fruit flies all over the wall by our table.  flying around our heads and open wine bottles.  kinda gross.  despite this, the food was half decent.
My super attractive and amazing Fiance and I traveled to the city to meet up with some friends and check out Bellini Grill.  I'm always up for a new and delicious BYOB.  In this case, it was mostly new. 

The service wasn't too bad. I can't really knock them since we may or may not have been acting like we had 4 Bottles of wine on the table (we finished).  And seriously, who has all that "city money" to spend afterwards anyway?  Gotta save where you can.  Anyway, the apps were decent.  Calamari and Bruschetta were worth it. The bread and dip it came with were also a stand-out. 

Entrée time: The ladies ordered some sort of spaghetti with crab meat. The crab meat was lacking almost as much as the flavor. I like a good crab sauce and this didn't really cut it. 

Now, the appeal of a BYOB is mostly that it's a cost-efficient way to dine. I made a horrible mistake and I'm not proud of it. I noticed that their meat/beef selections consisted mainly of veal. I'm never a fan of veal; however, I figured if they had so much veal to offer, there must be a reason.  Perhaps this is the hidden veal capital of Philly! So as soon as I heard that one of the specials was a veal chop with broccoli rabe, I was all in.  The meal overall, was just ok. The cost of the meal was outrageous.  A $31 dollar special! When I go out to dinner, I don't mind spending money on an amazing dish that was unforgettable, but the only thing I'll remember here was that I paid 31 bucks for a sub-par meal.  What made it worse is the fact that they had half a menu's worth of veal selections for $15.  Did I pay extra for the bone? Please, Mr. Bellini, I'd like to get back to discussing food and not price.  

I enjoyed the decor and bright lighting. Sometimes it's a nice change of pace to see everything you eat. It's probably a nice place for a loud family dinner.  

So overall, I'd like people to try this place out for themselves, but proceed with caution.  Finally, check the price of that special before you order it!
We came across this little restaurant on 16th street while in search for an Italian Restaurant and wandering the streets of Philly City Center.  We looked at the menu and decided it was worth a try so we walked in and sat down.

The menu offered a good variety of appetizers as well as main dishes.  I ordered the Arugula salad and for the main dish Pollo Rosmarino something with grilled veggies accompanying it.  None of us regretted selecting this restaurant.  The food was delicious, the ambiance was warm and welcoming, service was good, and very resonably priced.
I went here for restaurant week with a few friends.  We had a 4 course meal for $35 bucks each.  When we first got there we were greeted by the owner who took us to our seat in the little cute italian restaurant.  Our waiter came right over to open our bottles of wine (BYOB which is always a plus) and poured us all a glass.  Everyone of in my group got something different so we could all try each thing, I did not try one thing I did not like.  Definitely would go back!
We went with a party of 10 and the service was impeccable. They were very attentive to all of our needs. The food was very good. All 10 people enjoyed their entress and appetizers. It is a BYPB and we brought severalo bottles of wine and they were very accomodating. They even let me sing to some of their customers.
Let me start by saying that I didn't actually eat dinner here.  So the reason I'm giving a review is because it was such a pain in the neck to MAKE a reservation that we ended up cancelling.

A group of friends planning to run the Philadelphia marathon wanted to eat together.  We have a group of 16.  I made the reservation six months in advance.  The restaurant has called three times to change the reservation.  Our original time for dinner was 6:30 but they kept moving it up to the point that during the last call, they wanted me to change it to 4:30.  I'm sorry, but I don't want to eat dinner at 4:30.  We settled on 5:00, but then they wanted me to get everyone's order ahead of time.  And told me I would have to pay a fixed price for anyone who didn't show up.

In the course of my calls with them, they kept telling me how busy they expected to be and how they hoped I understood their rationale.  They also said that other groups with reservations made arrangements three months ago.  I told them I called six months ago.  He said, "let me check on that."  And said, no, you made your reservation in September.  It's November now, that's not six months.  I had to explain that I FIRST made a reservation on open table, but when they called me the first time to change the time of our dinner, they took it off open table and made the reservation by hand.  But then again, why am I arguing with this guy over whether I made the reservation two months ago or six months ago?  Why does that matter?  I already agreed to move the time from 5:30 to 5:00 - what more do you want?

To some extent, I understand their dilemma - they expect to be busy and want to make sure all their customers are served.  But I have to say, by the end of the last call, I felt almost like my friends and I were being set up to be hassled at dinner.  I didn't want to subject them to that, so it's best just to find someplace else.

Maybe this is a great place for parties of two or four - but based on the reviews I read and my own experience - if you have a large group, I would definitely go elsewhere.
I met my four girlfriends from college here on a friday night.  Our Server, Brian was great and extremely attentive.  We all ordered appetizers, entrees, and desert. Towards the end of the evening we were the last of two remaining tables in the restaurant.  The other table was a large group of college students that we also happened to know.  
We were all laughing and enjoying ourselves when the Owner of Bellini came up out of no where and started screaming in my girlfriends face!  He stated we were being too loud and was literally just inches from her face.  He was scary and appeared intoxicated.  He then proceed to tell us to get out.  Our waiter was mortified.  
Its a shame such a great place is owned by a complete psycho.
We recently went to Bellini Grill to celebrate restaurant week in Philadelphia. Please keep in mind that if you do dinner it's $15 more than lunch and dessert is not included. While the food had a great flavor, portions were small. Service was very slow and we waited around 15 minutes for someone to come take our drink order. Yet what really angered us was about 30 seconds after we handed our server the check, the manager came over to our table. At first we thought he was trying to be nice and asked us how our food was, to which we replied very good. He then asked us if we ordered desert to which we said "No we just handed our check to our server". He responded "Well I'm going to need you all to get up because it's restaurant week and people need to sit here". There were open tables and no one was waiting for a table. We were a rather big party and paid a lot to the restaurant and to be treated this rude was unacceptable. It shows that they care more about the money then they do their customers. We will not be returning to Bellini Grill.
Another great Restaurant Week find. Went here with a group of friends. We each brought a bottle of wine and the maitre d commended me on my choice of a nice Italian white. (I'm a sucker for compliments). 

The service is outstanding and the menu is as delicious as it is expansive. We all tried different dishes and no one left disappointed. The Linguine Puttanesca was amazing, a nice pasta dish with kalamata olives, capers, and anchovies. And any place that serves creme brulee is worth checking out.
If I can give this place zero stars I would. Here's why: my boyfriend and I used to always come here for dinner and we loved it. Last weekend I decided to have my sisters 25th birthday and invite over 17 people. We planned on having a set menu 6pm dinner - I arrived there everything was great- till we met the owner. The money sucking low life of an owner treated us like crap from the moment I walked into the door. Bitching and complaining why the party hasn't arrived on time ( they were 10 min late) the entire time he proceeded to let us know that he had another party coming in at 745 and wanted our table. WE HAVEN'T EVEN ORDERED YET. There was an emergency with 6 of the guests and they were not able to attend, so I told the owner he can have the other table we had reserved but instead of seating people that were waiting at the door - he insisted that we made reservations and were responsible to pay for those who could not make it - are you kidding me why should I be responsible to shell out 30$ per head for those who couldn't make it. The entire time instead of trying to enjoy our meals we were begging and pleading with him so he wouldn't charge us. It was so embarrassing, we ended up having a horrible time because he kept looking at us and tapping his watch and mouthing "its time its time" ARE YOU KIDDING ME? WHO THE HELL DOES THAT... WORST PLACE EVER, WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER SEEN. This man clearly does not care about bringing customers back all that balding fat stalky piece of shit man cares about is money. DO NOT GIVE THIS MAN YOUR MONEY - HE IS A COMPLETE ASSHOLE. I WILL NEVER EVER COME BACK HERE EVER AGAIN NOR WILL I EVER RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE. Its a BYOB for god's sake you cant give a party that big only an hour and half to arrive eat and celebrate you inconsiderate ahole. I hope your business fails miserably. The only good thing was the waiter he tried his best to make sure we enjoyed ourselves. other then that I will never ever come back here ever again EVER!
Let me start with my long list of negatives first:

They are located in Philadelphia and not closer to where I live in Buffalo. I'm very disappointed I won't be able to easily come back.

This was one of the most pleasant and delicious dining experiences I can remember in recent memory.

I went with a large group (13 of us) and they were super accommodating.

Every part of the meal was better than the last. Everything was freshly made and I didn't hear a single complaint from anyone in my group (which has never happened before).

Personally I had the Bruschetta as an app, the Zuppa con Pesce Del Giorno as my entree, and Spumoni for dessert. I would order them all again.

The mixed drinks were a little on the pricier side, which would be my only actual minor complaint about the restaurant, but everything was priced reasonably well.
My meet up group visited this BYOB during Restaurant Week.. This restaurant can not  handle the huge crowds that event brings. It is too small , is no place to sit  while you wait  for your table .Ten minutes  after we were seated we were told not asked to move to make room for a larger  party.We were never offered an app or extra dessert for the move.The host was very rude with members of my party before I got there over some confusion about our reservation. The three course meal would have been nice had the soup 2 of us ordered was not cold and one of the meals ordered was wrong..What was offered was good another save  for this place.The corrected meal did not come back until most of my party were finished eating.The desserts also saved this disaster of night . The staff did  their best to cover for the rudeness of the host and the delays in the kitchen. This place was very noisy and  it made it difficult to hear  my party but I could hear the conversation of  the noisy  females at the next table. I really was looking forward to eating here and now I look forward to telling everyone I know don't bother
What a great little spot!!!! I was originally planning to get dinner at monks cafe before a show at helium comedy club last night with my boyfriend, his sister, and her boyfriend. Well fortunately monks was just too crowded and we couldn't wait for a table.   Here we got seated right away! The food is phenomenal!!! We got an appetizer of grilled calamari (so cool that they offer it both ways, very authentic!) and I got the soup special, shrimp bisque. So delicious!  For dinner I had the gnocchi in the Gorgonzola sauce.....OMG!  To die for! They gnocchis were smaller than id ever seen before and they were incredible! My bf had the chicken parm, also delicious! His sister had some sort of crazy yummy chicken with walnuts and balsamic vinaigrette....mmmm! And her boyfriend had mushroom stuffed ravioli in a truffle sauce. Sooo good!!! We were all incredibly full and didn't even attempt a look at the dessert menu. 

Overall it was an amazingly delicious dinner!!! Highly recommend it!!! I hope to be back!
Well this is interesting.   Sign on the door says open at 4.   Happy hour sign on the street 4:30 happy hour.   Walking in at 5:06 pm and told not open yet come back later.  No thanks.
Won't be returning here. Restaurant fairly empty and I understand why.  Veal parmigiana was not edible and was returned to the kitchen. Grilled shrimp with spinach was good but portion consisted of only 4 shrimp.  Duck was good but comes with no side dish and looked very naked on the plate. The WORST part was the giant BUG that appeared on me as we were finishing our dinner. NEVER RETURNING.
I'll be honest. I haven't actually eaten here. I went tonight for Restaurant Week. When I got there, I was promptly seated at a table right up against another table. I asked if I could be moved to a table I saw available that was a bit further from other customers and they moved me. For this, they got three stars. 

However, as I looked around, I noticed that not one server, host, or bartender was wearing a mask. I looked up the Philadelphia mask mandate and saw that all restaurants not requiring proof of vaccination of all employees and indoor diners are required to have everyone masked if not seated at a table to eat or drink.  I explained my discomfort of the situation to the host and chose to leave and go elsewhere. 

I chose not to support a business that was blatantly disregarding the city's mask mandate, when the pandemic and the new Delta variant is killing approximately 2000 Americans a day. I'm posting this because I feel that customers should be informed of the environment they could entering into. Had I been unable to get vaccinated for some reason or had an underlying condition that put me at more risk, I would want to know this so that I could dine elsewhere.
Went for restaurant week. Waitress had an attitude from the beginning. Asked for bread never brought it , asked again dirty look. Other staff good. Brought husband wrong dish and had the audacity to argue. 
Most importantly, restaurant week website had dessert but she said no. I told her that was the reason we went. I think they did it to make more money. Honestly, it should have been honored. Very dissatisfied and disappointed that we had to spend extra money ( not much, but it's the principle of it
Plus all the sides were extra. What a waste. Never would have gone there if I had known . Bread was stale and they brought one little piece and that's it. No butter or oil with spices. Awful!!
Do not recommend

UPDATE Bellini manager said he had already contacted restaurant week to takeoff the desserts. 

Center City district this morning advised us they just received an email at 10:15 PM last night from Bellini that advice to takeoff dessert. So Balenie lied. Never go there ever ever
I can't believe people are crying over a $7 dessert not being included as a 4th course during restaurant week...it's laughable! Me and a friend went tonight for RW and had a really great experience! The service (our waiter was Michael), food and ambiance was great! I am definitely a fan.
Jimmy, the owner, has built this place into a beautiful Italian restaurant. It's very comfortable and the staff are friendly and knowledgeable of the menu items.

I really like that if you want something off menu they tell you up front that they are more than willing to accommodate you to the best of their ability. We ordered garlic bread, which wasn't on the menu, and it was very very tasty and they were quick and courteous about it. 

I had the smoked chicken tortelloni, not only did it taste great but it was filling and I went away with half of it for lunch the next day. The portions aren't huge but the food was hearty. My dad had the fettuccine bolognese, I've had that dish in Florence Italy, and Bellinis was better, by far. Hard to believe, I know, but you'd have to try it for yourself. 

This place could definitely be romantic if you're looking for a good, reasonably priced date spot in center city. There is also room for large parties if you're looking for a place to go out with a group.

Many places have been open in the same spot as Bellini in the past, but Jimmy has created a restaurant that has stuck around for over a decade and will not be going anywhere any time soon. 

If you want dessert, order the profiterole.
I went to Bellini Grill for restaurant week with a group of coworkers for lunch. The restaurant was packed. Service was extremely slow, so they were not properly prepared for a full restaurant. The meal starts with bread, which was needed since it took so long to get our meals. But the bread and oil was nothing memorable. I'd say the same about my caesar salad which was bland. Both are edible, but nothing I can't make myself at home. The entree was where the restaurant shined. I ordered the chicken parmigiana. The chicken was perfectly cooked over a delicious bed of linguine. The proportions were perfect, with a nice sized piece of chicken and the right amount of sauce to complement the food and not drown it. My meal ended with the Tiramisu,  which was a delectable ending to my meal. I left happy with my dessert choice. 

The first part of my meal was just wasted calories as I got no enjoyment from the food, which took a long time to get. Thankfully, things took a turn for the better with my entree.

Luckily as I was leaving I noticed the beautiful mural on the ceiling. I wish I had seen it sooner as I am a huge fan of murals. I didnt have time to fully admire it.  Make sure you look up when you visit Bellini. And maybe the service is better outside of restaurant week. I do feel like Bellini Grill is capable of doing better than what I experienced.
I've been to Bellinis probably about 5 or 6 times and was satisfied since the food was decent and mostly because it is a BYO. However, on my last visit we had the worst service ever and I don't recommend anyone to go there. First of all, 6 out of the 8 people in our party were on time for a 9:15 reservation and when the rest of the party arrived 15 minutes later we were lectured that we were not on time to our reservation and if we were even going to order since the kitchen closes at 10: 30...it was only 9:45 and our waitress never even came to our table at this point to see if we were ready to order. The restaurant was about half full and it wasn't like we were taking anyone else's table for a later reservation. We ordered the food and when the check came we all put in cash and 1 credit card. The waitress came back and then proceeded to tell us that their credit card swipe "doesn't work after 10 pm". This has happened to me here in the past, yet when I am with my parents the credit card swipe always seems to work. We were frustrated that she did not tell us this earlier since now we would have to walk to an ATM. At the end of the meal, one member of our party told the waitress that usually we are satisfied with our experience at the restaurant but we were taken aback by our service tonight especially the part where we were yelled at for being late and questioned whether we were going to order anything especially since there were still several other parties at the restaurant who did not receive this subpar service. After we left the restaurant and were about half a block away, the manager ran out the restaurant clapped his hands at us and yelled "kids never come back here ever again". Being that a restaurant is in the service industry and that our entire party is in their mid to late 20's we were highly offended. That said I will never be returning to Bellinis and that's no loss for me since there are so many better BYOS with at least decent service.
I visited Bellini Grill tonight for restaurant week with my boyfriend and another couple.  Our server, Josh, was awesome.  He was very personable but not inappropriate, and his knowledge of the menu and recommendations were spot on.  Our dinners were decently-sized portions for restaurant week, and pretty much everything was tasty.  I wouldn't recommend the Gamberetti, as it was three tiny shrimp, a pile of beans, and a hunk of bread, but at least it tasted okay.  Overall, the food was decent, but I don't feel the need to return - decent Italian joints are a dime a dozen in Philly.  Maybe just stop in if you want dessert - bring your own bottle and have a slice of the chocolate mousse cake.

I was very disapponted with the atmosphere.  We sat next to a table of three very loud ladies, who, at times, shrieked loudly enough to slience the entire restaurant.  The owner (or manager, or host, or whoever he was) seemed to be encouraging them, which I found pretty distasteful and inconsiderate of the other diners.  About halfway through our meal, a table of 7 young men were seated at the table next to us, which was entirely too small for their party (it was the same size my party of 4 had).  These gentlemen allegedly had called to make sure they could use a coupon even though it was restaurant week, and were told they would be fine to use it as long as they had a party of 5 or more.  When they presented it, before ordering, this owner/manager dude told them they couldn't use it, they were lucky to have a table at all, and they could either stay or they could go.  It was, in my opinion (and my friends agree), a terrible way to handle the situation.  I don't blame them one bit for leaving.

So, maybe go for the food - it's decent, and the desserts are good, and if you're lucky enough to have Josh, the service is great.  But don't expect much in the way of atmosphere...
I stopped in here once years ago, but that visit wasn't so memorable. After this visit, on Sunday I know why I never went back.

The lovely wife and I had just left a matinee performance of Tancredi, right around the corner at the Academy of Music. It was a little after 5:40 PM, and we were hungry, so why not follow up an Italian opera with an Italian meal?

The service was slow to start off with. It took forever to even find out who was our waiter was. Right off the bat, I was disappointed by the fact that she spilled drops of wine on our table while pouring the first glasses and didn't bother to clean the spilled wine. I had to clean it myself using the cloth napkin from the bread basket. BTW, the bread they give you to start the meal sucks, and it comes with those little plastic butter containers. Like in a cheap diner.

The menu reads very well, but the execution in the kitchen is dismal. The gnocchi do not taste homemade. My guess is they buy it from the supermarket with their bread. The Gorgonzola sauce tastes like it's from a supermarket jar too. We didn't bother finishing the gnocchi. Not worth the calories when it's that awful.

Next for me came this black risotto. Disgusting is all I can say, get this; To save money, it appears they slice a single scallop into three rounds. At their price point, that is a pure rip off. Of course, I didn't finish that rubbish either.

I tasted my wife's entree, a special of linguini and seafood, and I wasn't the least bit impressed with that either. (Same trick with her over-salted scallop as well.)

I'm kicking myself that I didn't just collect my car from the garage after the opera and take a little ride down to Panorama down in Olde City. I think it may be more expensive, but it's worth it if you appreciate good food.
Went to Bellini Grill with my best friend for her birthday and we was actually very please with our experience there. Great service, great food and BYOB!!! The portion size of the entrees are actually rather small but they do keep a fresh basket of bread on the table. We had a party of 4 with 3 different entrees and all of them were very good and well made. 

The atmosphere was good, very cute and quaint restaurant but the vibe of the other diners seemed a bit pretentious. But after a few glasses of the bottle of wine you bought in you get more comfortable and forget about the other diners. 

All in all - this was a great restaurant and I would definitely dine here again.
A little too jammed in, a few too many acrobatics over and around our table, the physical intimacy with other diners navigating to and from their tables, the volume... For me, a bit much. This certainly isn't a pleasant dinner with quiet considered conversation, not an intimate setting for you and your table partner. You're only inches from other people at other tables, and then the waiters gotta squeeze through! Conversation: everybody's shouting "Huh? What's That?" "Oh, I thought you said something else!" The food, nothing to write home about. I guess this Genuine Italian is different from the Real Italian and True Italian fare I'm used to. I thought my chicken with Marsala Winse Sauce was a little dry. The grillled vegetables a little over grilled. I didn't eat everything and that's not usual for meals I spend $50 to eat. Our dinner was over $90 and our dining experience, by consensus, was not equal to the bill.
Restaurant week, here I am!!!!  I visited today during the 2nd day of restaurant week.  I truly enjoyed my experience with them!  

For my first course I had a green leaf salad.  The salad was very fresh with just enough salad dressing (a light balsamic dressing).  I didn't think I would like as usually restaurants that put the dressing on first is generally not tasty.  This was, fresh, light & delicious.

Second course I had Pollo Con Funghi Tritati!  This dish was cooked to perfection!  Just enough serving, just the right amount of sauce & just the right amount of mushrooms.  Did I mention that the sauce (Marsala) was flavorful?  

Third & final course was Creme Brûlée.  Again, a home run, and prepared to perfection.

All of this food during restaurant week (during lunch) $20.00!!!!  I feasted like a queen!  

I highly recommend this restaurant & was well worth my drive from Delaware to Philly for this meal!

Will definitely return with hubby!!!!

Happy Dinning!

Ps: did not take pictures as I did not realize that I didn't take pictures until I was half way through my meal!!!!  Lol
So surprised that Bellini's rating aren't higher. Their food is superb and the wait staff friendly and attentive.

We've been here three times in recent weeks and we'll totally come again.

This is the kind of deeply layered Italian food I grew up eating from the grandparents who came from Italy. The creativity and seasonings are dead on. We keep cleaning our plates to the point that it looks like they came out of the cabinets. That's how good their sauces are, you don't want to miss a drop.

They also have an extensive wine collection of Italian wines you don't find elsewhere. There's always something to perfectly compliment your meal.

Dessert is equally amazing. So many choices but the gelatto trio among the favorites
Restaurant week choice at the last minute due to Mercato not seating any more customers (who knew that they took reservations during Restaurant Week).  My sisters and I came upon this place as it was close to where we were stranded and needed a BYO.  A little skeptical as the ratings on this site were all over the place.  
4**** for service - we were seated immediately and the waiter was really great (he would get a 5*)
3.5*** for the food.  I have to agree with the other reviewer that the food was ok, but not memorable.  
2** for the way we (and I mean the whole restaurant) was escorted out of the place after a very large college group party arrived.  We were told at the onset that there was a large party coming later that evening but didn't expect to be ushered out, literally, by the staff.  The entire restaurant was asked to leave.  Now I can understand that these young kids (complete with their jugs and boxes of wine) had a reservation, but it could've been handled better.
Not sure why this place averages 3 stars and has many questionable reviews. Came  here with the family for Easter and had a nice meal. Food is pricey but it's worth it, very nice atmosphere and good service. I'll be back
First, I need to get my rant out of the way, every time I've been here with a larger party, we get seated in the Awkward Corner which is opposite the entrance. Booth seating runs the length of one wall, and at the far end there is a table for two stuffed behind a giant pillar. They love to set long runs right on top of this table for two, and the table at the end is wider meaning less room for the diners seated there. Once they tried to move the table behind the pillar and add it to our party to make an L shape, which made our seating extremely cramped and awkward.

Mention this, and you will get attitude. Come on, Bellini. You know it's awkward. You know it will make your diners pissy. Just stop it, ok?

The service itself isn't BAD, but the wait staff always seems ornery and fake-friendly. Expect a 20% service charge on a large party. Yes, 20% versus everyone else's 18% because clearly they believe they are 2% better. I typically tip 20% or more, but I'm a bit offended by this given awkwardness and fake-friendliness.

On to the food. Some of the dishes are very, very good. Homemade pasta? Yes, please. Panini for lunch? Heck yes. Salads? All of them are delicious. You can get a solid meal here without spending a ton of money. Shellfish is usually overcooked, so I avoid that (but to be fair to Bellini, most restaurants overcook their shellfish and I just cook my own at home now). Do go for the specials if they sound interesting, but beware the price markup because it can be steep.
So this is one of the last Italian places I had to try in Philly just to cross it off my list, now I see why it took so long. The place is really beautiful inside. The service is fine. But the food is pretty average considering the prices. We came here with quite a few people and no one seemed too impressed the with food. Unfortunately the salmon dish is just a large pasta dish with sauce, and pieces of salmon, not what I expected. The bread was also just sliced cold bread and some butter. Also no soup or salad included with entree, unlike other places. I must say the cannolis were some of the best I've ever had. Overall, it seems this place could use a refresher of some sort, based on the quality of the food, the prices and menu could use an update. But yay cannolis!
A centrally located BYOB restaurant near Rittenhouse, Bellini is just yet another Italian restaurant. I wish so much that I can find an Italian place in Philly with just a bit of an extra spark, but so far... nothing. 

The place seemed better suited for an older crowd, and my group of rowdy MBA students seemed a bit out of place. This place would be great for a date or a celebratory dinner though.

There was nothing especially memorable about the dinner. The bill was over $35 per person, including a main for each person and a few shared appetizers. This is a bit more than what I would have expected to pay for mediocre food.
My sister and I came to this place a while back because we wanted to have a nice night out on the town. However, we were left disappointed. The food was sub-par Italian food. I was not impressed.  The prices are too high for the quality. The bread comes out refrigerated which I think is weird. The service was slow. Our waitress was at our table to take our drink and entree order, give us our food and our check. She didn't bother checking on us intermittently. Slow service for eh quality Italian.
Restaurant Week trial, it was ok. Nothing stood out, nothing was absolutely terrible. I would not return, there are just to many places to visit. 
Service was back-asswards, appetizers came out first, then they brought out the salads. Entree was subpar, dessert was nice. One and Done.
Went here walking by on a whim. They were welcoming and sat us at the bar with drinks while we waited a few minutes for our table. For appetizers we ordered the antipasto - delicious. Also ordered the bruschetta which was delicious though we waited to eat the last piece and it got a little soggy. The table bread wasn't anything special. For the entree I ordered best lasagna I've ever had. The noodles were thin and there were so many layers. It was oddly a delicate lasagna sitting in a very fresh and light red sauce. My husband ordered the seafood linguini. They accidentally brought him the red instead of white sauce but it was delicious and they comped our dessert. I was pleasantly surprised by the creme brûlée! I'm so picky but it was creamy and light, just as it should be. 

The service was great. Everyone was very kind and friendly! On a last note, the bathrooms were extremely clean and smelled of bleach. I'm always grossed out when restaurants have gross bathrooms, but I seriously could have eaten in there. Thanks for a great and surprising dinner!
My party and I were very unimpressed with our meal here. The wait staff was inattentive to our needs, not bringing enough menus and giving us attitude when we asked for the check.
The food was subpar - not the greatest italian food I've had, but not the worst. The tables were on top of each other, and the AC was either not on or they don't have one, providing for a very uncomfortable eating experience. Overall, I would not return- far too pricey for the quality.
Great food, great service, and great location. My husband and I went here before a show at the Kimmel Center and loved it. Bring a bottle of wine and a good appetite. My husband got the chicken parm and I went with the crab ravioli. Both were excellent.
Really wonderful dinner. Loved the opera music. 
The food was just what this tired soul needed. Everyone looked to be having a great evening. Caitlin was a great waitress, giving suggestions that scored big. Can't wait to come back
I generally like the food here, and it's very convenient to the PATCO terminus. The Caesar salad is tasty and fresh, but unfortunately too small a portion for $8. The salmon infused lasagna had a strange tuna like consistency instead of actual salmon texture ($22 a la carte). The risotto with white asparagus was requested, but it was not seen in the dish.  When we inquired about that ingredient, the waiter paused and pointed to pieces of risotto and said it is cooked in, which seemed either a great stretch or the flavor had been wasted.   The appetizer specials can be out of this world delicious, and ours was the highlight of the meal.  Service is always good, but I did not like that we were charged $9 extra for the wine. The only reason we requested a glass was because of our understanding that it was complimentary with any food due to their not having a liquor license last time I checked. Apparently, that promotion is hit or miss these days.  It may be worth inquiring about, and insist on a price if there is any doubt.
Liked it a lot. The risotto with spinach and salmon dishes were amazing. Service was perfect in every way. It was loud but we were able to converse - maybe it was just a tad too loud, but fun and lively atmosphere. Dinner with tip and no drinks was about $100 per couple - worth it!  We will be back!
We enjoyed a truly delicious Restaurant Week Sunday evening dinner here.  The service was a little too slow to get a 5 star and the Bruschetta wasn't superb; other than that we loved it.  Server was pleasant we just would have liked things to move a little quicker.  Gnocchi was soooo good.  And the Veal Parmigiana was delectable!
Bellini gets three stars because it is has some really great four and five star qualities but have a few two stars that bring it down just slightly. Here's the rundown:

GREAT!
Gnocci with gorgonzola sauce - good god, everyone at the table tried a bite from our friend's bowl. Perfect little puffs of potato, say that three times fast.

Crab stuffed ravioli in cream sauce - Another winner. The crab meat was fresh, the cream sauce was a perfect compliment and not at all over powering the delicate flavor. Another item that was passed around the table.

It's a BYO. You just saved $25/pp in drinks!

Good:
The service was forgiving in the fact they accommodated a table of twelve of us during peak time on a Saturday. They followed up on the reservation and were forgiving of some of our party's tardy members.

Once everyone was sat they did rush us a bit, but once they realized we were going to order quite a bit in a timely fashion they eased up. There were other large groups dining in the room with us who seemed to have the same issue.

Skip:
The Saltimbocca di Pollo, and apparently any of the chicken dishes according to the rest of the table. Our veal sympathetic friend blacklisted us ordering veal so we had to order chicken if we wanted a protein. It was dry and flavorless. The prosciutto was also very dry and there wasn't enough marsala sauce to make up for the lack of flavor.

The decor is a bit cheesy in an overdone faux Italia idea. The dining room is really small and we were just a few short feet from other tables. Navigating to the bathroom was a little challenging for our nine months pregnant friend but everyone was very helpful getting her around.

All over it's a great deal for Rittenhouse square and the staff sincerely wants you to enjoy yourself. Great for large groups and friends, maybe not a good spot if you're trying to impress. Very reasonable prices!
Came here for an organized dinner that was fixed menu and we pretty much had the whole restaurant. Food is not memorable and I wouldn't come back again. There are just much better alternatives for Italian nearby and this just isn't in the same league.
A disgrace.

I cannot comment on the food this visit because we didn't have a chance to eat it.  We had a 8:30 reservation for 6.  We showed up early, around 8:15.   I told the hostess we arrived and she looked at me with a blank stare.  Clearly she knew something was wrong.  She told me to come back at 8:30.  I could tell she was in the weeds and the restaurant was unorganized.  Other patrons who were waiting were expressing their displeasure.  Bottom line, do not bring your family here if you are looking for a pleasant evening out, without complications, when you are hungry after a long day involving travel.  You risk not being seated or standing on the sidewalk, hungry, waiting for your table, way beyond your reservation time.  This restaurant needs a serious lesson in operations.  It is like they have no restaurant experience at all.  After some back and forth, we went to another BYOB restaurant, La Viola a block south, which was delicious and reasonable. 

Good luck if you try to make a reservation here.
Bellini has your everyday, average Italian-style food that is catered to a modern crowd for BYO celebrations or just a casual dinner. On my Friday night visit, we were refused our reservation until our entire party arrived---this is a tip to be on time and being stuck in traffic is not an excuse as I learned! 

The atmosphere: most of the seats are squished together so every once in awhile I had my chair jolted, shifted or shimmied. Luckily, I didn't stab myself with my fork or anyone else for that matter. Best seats may be outside or window seating. The inside is nicely painted but if you do visit Bellini check out the creepy-looking baby on the ceiling. It was a conversation piece for a hot second at my table.

While we were waiting, bread with plain oil was served. The food was nothing to rave or complain about. I had a chicken with mushrooms off of a common modern-Italian style menu. My gal pals had similar dishes and all seemed to be okay with their food. Service was pretty good considering it was a packed house and it did come out fast.
Went for restaurant week dinner. The place was really crowded, it is a tiny restaurant and has too many tables for people to sit comfortably. Ordered from the pre-choice menu, the food did not taste fresh at all and mostly bland. The only good thing was the dessert - chocolate mousse cake. The service is really good and it is a BYOB but the quality of food just doesn't make it worth going here.
Awful service, tasteless expensive food and to top it off ; rude owner. Save your money folks and go somewhere else!
I came here with a group of 10 for restaurant week. It took over 2 hours for us to be served. The food was average. The wait staff was very nice and pleasant. However, given the extremely slow service and average food; I will likely not return.
Dinner here with family on Christmas Eve - A smashing hit!  

Really pretty surprised to see so many three star ratings here, as we found the place to be quite charming compared to some of the other 'little BYOB Italian eateries' in the neighborhood.  The artwork on the ceiling and walls is decidedly a bit over the top, and the 'operatic greatest hits' playing over the loudspeakers was atmospheric at best, but a little overwhelming at worst - but all of this was completely overshadowed by an attentive and charming wait staff, each of whom seemed eager to make sure our Christmas eve meal was special.  

I had the crab meat ravioli in a pesto sauce; C had the chicken sausage pasta.  Food was great, and our server was attentive in keeping our glasses topped off, which is not always the case at a BYO.  We thought the creme brulee was going to be a fail, but then our server brought us a second one, even though we hadn't complained about the first one.  Seems the first delivery was pre-mature and someone caught it back in the kitchen.  

Great location near Rittenhouse Square.  I think Bellini takes first place in our current line up of Italian BYO eateries in Philly.  Nice ambiance.  Reasonable prices.  Great service.  GO!
This experience is old, from before I joined yelp, but it was so appalling that I think I should share it.

I made a reservation for 10 people for my birthday dinner on a friend's recommendation three years ago, in summer 2007.  They made me cry during my birthday dinner.

Highlights (or lowlights rather):

My friends surprised me with a cake (normally I would have mentioned it when I made the reservation, but I didn't know), and our server acted like it was a personal affront when my friend asked him to hold it in the kitchen.  He kept insulting my friends, saying how "very rude" they were to have brought a birthday cake.

The restaurant is BYOB, so we brought both white and red wine, plus a few larger bottles of good beer (Chimay) to share.  Two of my friends asked for a second glass to switch from wine to beer, and the same server tried to charge us $2/glass, then a $10 corking fee, even though I mentioned that I had asked when I made the reservation and had been told that they don't charge either.  He started yelling incoherently about their dishwasher being very expensive and how dare we ask for more than one glass, we had already taken twenty glasses by having water and wine and it would be impossibly expensive unless we paid him more.  This went on for several minutes.  We finally gave up and rinsed out our glasses into an empty water glass.

The whole situation came to a head when I got up from the table and walked over to the service station to ask why he was so upset away from the others.  I was pretty distraught myself at that point, and I hate confrontation, but I just wanted him to stop yelling at me and my friends.  The only other party in the restaurant was a 20-person wedding rehearsal dinner, and he responded to my "please tell me why you are so upset, I don't understand" by yelling at me that "you people brought your own wine" (to a byob?) "and your own dessert and these people are paying $50 a plate and why should I pay attention to you when you are not paying as much as they are, I don't have time to deal with you rude people!"  Apparently ten people sharing appetizers and buying $20 entrees was not worthy of his attention.  That was when I started crying.  The owner came out at that point, and to his credit he tried to calm me down and exchanged a few choice words with the server (in Italian, but I could tell was mad).  

They brought out my cake,  and we paid our bill in exact change (they had included gratuity, otherwise I would have added 0%) and left.

I will never go back.
Stopped in here on a whim to kill some time with a girlfriend. Atmosphere was nice inside. We got there at 5:45pm and realized it was happy hour. When we asked about it, they said they only served happy hour at the bar. We were literally the only customers in the place.. so I found that kind of weird. We got a cheese plate, bottle of Chardonnay and enjoyed the complimentary bread basket. We also ended up splitting the chicken parm meal. The food was okay but nothing exciting. Bill for just those things was slightly over $90. Staff was friendly and overall we were glad to finally try it as we walk by it every day, but probably won't be going back.
I was here for a friend's b-day party recently and it happened to end up on restaurant week, which means 3 courses for $35.  There were some people that wanted to order ala carte off the menu and we asked the manager if that was okay.  He didn't give a straight answer at first and just some talk about how much money restaurant week brings in.  Well he finally said it was okay and 15 of us ended up getting the 3 courses, whereas 2 did not.

The clam and mussel appetizers were decent, as was the seafood soup.  The seafood pasta was ok too.  The flan for dessert was yummy.  Overall the food was ok.  This place is BYOB, so we brought our own wine.

The manager was actually nice enough to play happy birthday on the piano for us which was cool.
I would give this place 5 stars over and over again! What a great experience - the food and service was exceptional! They make their pasta from hand and have Kobe beef! Try the chocolate mousse too, all around, best place I've been to in a while and I am so impressed!
We had reserved a large party of 18 but 2 couldn't make it.  Dinner went smoothly until we received the bill and we were charged for the 2 extra plates.  We went to the waiter who then got the owner for us.  The owner said we had a "contract" for the maximum party size (we did not) and that this was communicated to us when we made the reservation (it was not.)  From here it devolved as we tried to reason and then argue w/ the owner, who is the most arrogant person any of us ever had the misfortune of dealing with in a restaurant.  He even refused to cook us the 2 plates that we paid for so that we could take them to go.

The food was good, no complaints from any of us.  The wait staff was also great, sorry they have to work under this guy.
We took my boyfriend's mother here for her birthday, and it was the perfect choice. The bruschetta we shared was great! Everyone really enjoyed their entrees (Salmon, chicken rollatini, and gnocchi). Dessert was delicious! Waitstaff was very attentive, and nice. Dessert selection had everything you could ask for from an Italian restaurant. I highly recommend Bellini Grill for a nice tasty dinner.

Tip: It's BYOB, and they do not have a bar.
Came here last Wednesday with my friend for SIPS. The service was pretty awful. It took forever for anyone to come and check on us after we were seated so we asked a nearby couple if we could take a look at their SIPS menu. When the waiter arrived, my friend got a Yuengling and I got the calamari and the Margherita Alle Pere. The Margherita was delicious, but when the waiter brought it out it had a fruit fly in it (which I understand can happen sometimes and isn't the reason for my bad review). The calamari was pretty standard in my opinion. 

Throughout our time there, we both felt ignored by the waiters (as in we continuously were unable to catch their attention when they were right next to us and in our line of vision). Additionally, once when my friend was talking to one of the waiters he literally turned his body and started staring out of the front door in the middle of her sentence for what seemed like no reason. Pretty rude. 

Around 6:45PM, our waiter came by and removed our SIPS menus from the table without even saying a word and handed them to another table in the restaurant. This happened to be right before we wanted to order another drink. Also pretty rude. And afterwards, it took forever to get anyone back over to us so we could order another drink before SIPS ended.

Finally, when they brought our check, they charged my friend $4 each for two Yuenglings when their menu clearly said Yuenglings were $3. (And SIPS deals are always $3 beers as well). When we asked him about it, the waiter told us that they recently changed their menu and that the beers were supposed to be $4. He pointed our attention to the chalkboard sign outside which said $4 beers. It seemed like BS to me - your printed menu says $3, and the SIPS menu says $3, and when we walked in the door you asked me, "Oh, are you here for SIPS?", but then you charge me $4 because a chalkboard sign that you could have changed this morning says $4... that is not right.

We paid in cash and didn't bother with much tip as we really did not enjoy our time there. The waiter basically ran to the checkbook as we left which was highly amusing because no waiter ever responded to us that quickly when we actually needed them. Maybe they didn't deem us classy enough to be there (my friend and I are both grad students who came straight after lab with our book bags in tow). Anyway, if someone treats me like they don't expect a good tip, then they probably won't get one. So we didn't leave one. I won't be going back.
Had lunch today with 4 friends at Bellini restaurant which we all thought was very good. I arrived a little early and the restaurant was busy...good sign. Since my friends and I hadn't seen each other in a long time it was going to be a long lunch and so we brought some wine (it's a BYOB). Can't wait to back for dinner.
It was nice that the restaurant allowed for custom pasta creations.  The food wasn't horrible, but the linguine w/ clams it was too salty and some of the clams had sand in them.  I would stick to meat sauces, but you do happen to be there.  However, there are better Itialian restaurants in the city.
Really enjoyed our evening at Bellini's. Both rhe food and service were great! Had the seafood linguine  with white  sauce absolutely delicious!  The chocolate mouse with  a hint of mint is totally  worth the calories! Definitely  will go here again!
I absolutely love it here! Been many times and the food is always amazing and the service is exceptional. Have had several waiters for the various times I have been there and they're all trained well and personable. Food is reasonably priced too. This will continue to be a place I go to for dinners with friends and family! BYOB!!
I recently went here for lunch and ordered the gnocchi, which I thought was delicious. The service was very good here and for lunch we were able to get a great 3 course meal but they were also conscious of it being a workday and there service was efficient.
I would have to agree with a lot of other people about this spot.  For me personally it was pretty awful.  Dinner for 2 took 2 hours. No apps or deserts were ordered.  
Service was extremely slow, rushed to order.  Food took 30 mins to come out and when it did it was crappy.  Pasta was stuck together and very starchy.  Couldn't believe what came out.  But as I looked around other peoples dinners looked good and edible.  Mine was not unfortunately.  I would not return or recommend this place to anyone.  Cramped and the service was bad.
Second time coming here for a work lunch and definitely was not disappointed - food and service was great. Our larger party was in and out within the hour and the restaurant wasn't very crowded for a Monday lunch. Will return more often!
I've been to Bellini Grill a few times, most recently last week. I love that it is a BYOB and they don't charge any type of corkage fee, like some other sleezy restaurants might do. The service is great (although I can't tell if those are real Italian accents?), and the portions are huge. I really enjoyed the caprese salad appetizer, and the Chicken Saltimbocca - very flavorful. I have never seen such a huge piece of chicken - and I ate the whole thing! I can't think of anything I don't like about the place!
I went here for a quick lunch with my mom after we had gotten our hair done. We had a really nice time! Service was very good (probably because we were the only ones there) and the food was great! I ordered a mushroom stuffed ravioli and my mom ordered a veal parm panini. Both were very tasty and the pasta was cooked very well. The sauce was just enough and they didn't over do it as if you were at a tacky Olive Garden.
I scarcely know where to begin. A friend of mine had a small get-together for his birthday, and chose Bellini only after plans at another restaurant fell through. We were a party of 10, with reservations a week in advance. My girlfriend and I arrived about 15 minutes late, and upon arrival learned that nobody could begin drinking their wine or ordering until our the entire party arrived. We ordered. Waiter was nice, but a little awkward. No problems here.  We were cramped up in the corner, but that was fine. My food was absolutely atrocious. Salmon/pasta dish that tasted like ramen noodles. I even let this slide.

We were rushed the entire meal. Of course the waiter was the mouth piece, but I could tell he was getting pressure from the owner, as he was reluctant to tell us how another party was awaiting their seat. As we were rushed to pay the bill, the waiter explained that we could only use two credit cards, which had to be split evenly? When I inquired about this unique policy, he said that he did not have a POS and their system was old. This was a LIE, as I saw the ubiquitous ALOHA! System in the back corner. In addition to their weird "policy," they AUTOMATICALLY added 20% gratuity. So reluctantly, we began trying to figure our how to divvy up the cash/card payments. The waiter "compromised" with us that we could use four cards.

As we took a few minutes to get the money in order, the rather small OWNER with Napoleon's Syndrome marched over to our table and tersely ordered us to LEAVE. We weren't even finished paying yet! So I (admittedly) lost my temper and spoke out: I told him to leave the table, and he immediately stood and front of me and tried to kick me out without my credit card! I refused to leave, flung a few choice words his way, and absorbed a barrage of disparaging comments.

Let me conclude by stating that I never thought that I would write a negative review of someone's business: this is their livelihood and I normally would never try to ruin that. But this little man does not belong in the food/beverage industry. I will NEVER go back, and quite frankly quiver at the thought of our great city's tourists being exposed to this small creature. Plenty of world-class restaurants in Philly - move along folks.
This may be the first one star review I have ever given on yelp, and I do not feel bad giving it.  We had lunch at Bellini Grill a few days ago, since we were hungry at that odd hour between lunch and dinner seatings.

Pro:
It is cute inside of the restaurant.
The brought out a basket of nice fresh Italian bread.

Cons:
Service was odd.  It seemed like the waiter was using his acting skills to be nice.
Portion size was small.  My husband and I each ordered pasta dishes and had no problem finishing everything on our place, and still feeling hungry.  Pasta tasted just OK (at best).
The menu is horribly limited.  They list a bunch of "different" menu items, all of which are different shapes of pasta in the same 2-3 sauces.

Unforgivable:
This is what truly knocked my review down to a 1 star.
When we sat down, the waiter recommended the soups of the day- mushroom and split pea.  Now I love soup, so my husband and I each ordered a soup.  He got the mushroom and I got the pea soup.  The soup arrived in the tiniest soup cups I had ever seen.  They held maybe 6-7 ounces.  My husband's soup was the better of the two- it had some nice mushroom flavor, but an odd oily consistency.  My pea soup was, hands-down, the worst soup I have ever eaten.  I have had better soup from a can or a school cafeteria.  The soup was thin, completely tasteless, and had a layer of oil.  It should have been called "dish water" instead of pea soup.

The worst part of this was that when the bill arrived, they charged us each $7.50 for the soup of the day.  To think that we spent $15 just on the horrible tiny soup.. it still is irking me several days later.

I will not be back to this restaurant, and have found plenty of good food in the area.  My advice is to go elsewhere!
First off, let me say I work at a extremely busy restaurant in center city that participates in restaurant week, so I knows the woes that come with this particular time of the year. 

I went here two nights ago on a Friday. It was my roommates birthday and she picked here. We arrived 30 minutes late because of the snow storm but made sure to call ahead of time. "No problem. We will see you when you get here" is what we were told. We sat down at a cramped table, which didnt bother me so much. Our server was actually very nice and the food was average. However, after we finished desert is where the issues arose. I could tell the server was trying to push us out. He made it very clear when I saw him talk to another server asking him to come talk to us to try to get us to leave. We had been seated for an hour and a half (which isn't a terribly long time for a party of our size) and had already tipped above 20%. Just as my annoyance over all of the dirty looks thrown our way was reaching an uncontainable level, another server strolled over and nonchalantly said "Excuse me, but you are keeping people waiting in the cold as you sit here, BUT, take your time."

....excuse me???

I've worked in this industry for 8 years and I know no matter how long someone wants to sit at your table you CAN NOT say something like this. The entire evening was ruined with such a sour comment. We left feeling completely embarrassed and uncomfortable. 

My biggest regret other than coming at all was that we did not ask for our tip back.
If it were possible to give this place zero stars, I would. Arrived on time for our reservation, but the table wasn't ready. There's really no place to wait for your table, so the very, very rude manager/owner yelled at us for "blocking the door" and told us to go outside and wait IN THE SNOW. After waiting for more than 45 minutes (past our scheduled reservation), the 7 of us were finally crammed into a table for four. The manager/owner continued to snap at our every request - like our totally ridiculous request to get menus and water after sitting at the table for 15 minutes. So demanding, right? The waitstaff did their best to apologize for his nastiness, but he was so miserable it put a bit of a damper on the meal. The food was barely even close to average; portions were small; our dinners all came out at different times (almost 10 minutes later for some); and three of our dinners were wrong. All around, just an unbelievably awful place. We thought we were being punked.
Saturday night and out for a nice dinner with my honey. Couldn't think of a nicer place! The service was great, food even better and the creme brûlée capped off a great night out.
I had dinner there recently and it was amazing! I don't know why some people say that is overpriced, those dishes was great, and the price was right for a nice place in center city. The portions was amazing, perfect touch. In the end of the night you enjoyed and not feeling like crazy full and Cannot walk anymore. Thank you Bellini for making my night better!
Came for a holiday work lunch - after reading the reviews, I was worried about the service. However, they took our orders ahead of time and were prepared indeed. 

It seems the owner doubles as the host and chef. I don't know if the other reviews are indicative of a lack of staff, but my experience here was good in terms of service (1:30 on a weekday afternoon). 

I had the eggplant parmigiana - it was quite good. Hefty slices of eggplant were smooth and creamy. The marinara was subtly sweet. This was all topped by flecks of sharp cheese. Filling and delicious. 

Others at the table had the chocolate mousse which came in the form of a slice of cake - smooth, creamy, decadent. As one person said, "it got even better as you ate more." Guess the law of diminishing returns isn't in effect here! 

I can see myself coming back for some homemade Italian dishes.
