I've been here off and on a few times.  Large semi private booths, a large sport's bar, which during Phillies Games, hot dogs and Bud drafts are only $2.00 each.  

I have had the clams casino and the clam chowder, which are both good, I've had better.  The lump crab cakes are their house specialty and the crab legs sauteed in garlic butter is enough to make you want to go back.

They feature 1/2 price appetizers, Mon. thru Fri., during happy hour and $1. off all drinks.  They have a band night, a trivia night and a private party area.

Worth checking out.  Food and service are okay. 
http://bennythebums.com/NE/v2.asp

Note: They now have a new location in South Philly!
We came with a large group, may of the items were missing in the menu, no lobsters, no whole crabs. Some of the food was good and the rest was really off. The crab legs were very nice, my tuna steak was very bland, the sides were just OK.
Service was pretty bad. We had a dirty table long after dinner full of plates and food leftovers when we requested the server to clean it prior to serving desert she threw the plates on the table. They did however added 20% gratuity to the bill that was thrown on a dirty plate.

When we spoke to the manager who seemed like someone in high school she offered no apology. Would not come back.
Benny the Bum's has been in the area forever. When I was a kid, it was one of my family's favorite places to go for a nice seafood dinner without having to trek downtown with young kids in tow. The seafood is still good, but after the ownership changed once or twice, it's gotten a little...different.

First, it seems they've tried to turn it into more of a bar atmosphere at night, which isn't too bad. I can certainly see how they make more money this way. However, I find that this has caused BTB to lose a lot of it's charm and class. Now, if I want to go out and have a late dinner with my husband, chances are I will be ordering from a scantily clad bartender and having to listen to whatever garbage the 22 year old DJ of the night decides to start playing. It makes the actual restaurant part seem disconnected and neglected.

I have also been here for a few charity events. They do offer a nice setup, but again, it's in the middle of a restaurant. I could see if they had a separate private party room, but it's not separated at all. I for one would be a little annoyed if I was just a regular paying customer, trying to enjoy my dinner and having to listen to raffle ticket numbers being called, etc. 

All in all, Benny's is so-so. If you're in the northeast and looking for some decent food but don't care about the overall ambience, Benny's is for you.
I'll get to my points of interests across to you very quickly hear folks. Keep in mind~ I'm in your establishment with my wife & I both being middle-aged.
   I mustta've been invisiable because it was about 10-15 minutes before someone looked in my direction & I had to wave my hand to them like I was dying & saying please send me a rescue boat..........& then I had to talk to him first. That's not right you ignorant bastard.  He just looked at me like I had three heads. I mean you're in customer service. Aren't you suppossed to say "Hi" or May I help you~you jerk-off~or hey shit-for-brains,do you wanna order something or what. I got none of the above. How friggin' rude was that. He was in the wrong buisness of Customer Service!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   I was then going to order the Alaskan King Crab Legs. For in order for me to do this was : 1 of 2 things were going to happen for me to eat them.
   Firstly, Take out a 2nd Mortage on my home ....... OR"
               Get a 2nd job delivering pizza's on the side in order to pay for the crab legs. I wonder how much a glass of water cost there ??? The short version, (and I've never done this in my entire life) I stood up & left. Enough said !
I am writing to describe the abysmal experience we had at this restaurant last night. 

We went BTB because we had experienced good food, good servive and a pleasant atmosphere in the past.

We walked in at about 7:30 pm on November 26, and right away noticed that the music (not live, recorded) was very loud. We asked if there was a part of the restaurant that wasn't so loud. The hostess said that the entire restaurant was about the same, but that they would try to turn it down. 

She seated us, and a few minutes later, the music got turned UP. 

The waitress when she arrived, was polite and helpful. 

Even so, it took quite a while for the food to arrive. 

When it arrived, it was not to the quality that we were used to. All of the seafood was flavorless. 

We waited for our dinner. Our waitress  asked if we wanted more drinks, and we asked if it was possible to turn the music down. She said she would see what she could do. 

A few minutes later, the music got even louder.

Then the testing started for the live band. So both the recorded music, very loud and the testing, very loud, were happening at the same time. 

Finally our meals arrived. I ordered crab over pasta, and it was utterly flavorless. 

Then the live music started. At 8pm. Somehow the hostess had seated us in front of the speakers. 

It was horribly loud. I live in New York City which is loud, and I had to cover my ears. It was so painful that we couldn't eat our meals. 

Even with my fingers plugged directly into my ears, I could hear the music clearly and loudly. 

The staff were not helpful at all. We asked if there was a quieter part of the restaurant, and they looked at us like we were nuts. 

Finally we left. I paid for the meal, mostly because I just wanted to get out of there, but it was the biggest waste of money ever.

I am now going to post on every restaurant review web site I can find, about this awful, painful experience.

Julie Van Dore
I was just there today after having not been there for a long time.  The appetizers weren't bad -- in terms of taste.  If you're coming here to eat, save your money and go elsewhere.  I had one Captain and Coke, an order of mozzarella sticks (if you can seriously call two sticks an order), and a brownie à la mode was $23.00.  Save your money and take your business somewhere else.
Poorly managed, mediocre service, food declining in quality. Made reservation for 6, the manage tried to cram us into a booth for four, then seated two groups in booth for six while we waited 45 minutes to sit a booth made for 12! Never apologized, didn't offer a drink - what a clown. If it's not his first week in the business, it ought to be his last.

Check out the reviews for their place on Packer Ave - went downhill, closed up. So will this one.
Went here on a Wednesday night, meet up with a good friend. Right off Bustleton Ave. The inside, had same look as the one on Packer, it had old statue of fisherman, but a sports lounge, modern look. Very confused what their theme was. It didn't flow. 
Onto the food: my friend got the dungeness crab, & i got Crab cake entree which came with veggies, choice of fries, mash potato, or bake potato. I got veggies, mash. It was very good, lots of lump crab meat, hardly any filler. His Dungeness came, didn't seem like alot for $21.00. Our waitress was attentive, which i liked. She came around least twice to make sure everything was good, did we need anything. All in all, it was a good meeting place for two of us to meet., half way point.
I came here today with a large group for a lunch meeting on a Monday afternoon. There was hardly anyone in the restaurant at this time of day. Our waitress came right over to the table to take drink orders. We had drinks within 5 mins and she took our order soon after. The food arrived quickly. The service was very good here. We ordered several appetizers for the table. Fried Cajun Calamari, Crab Balls, Flash Fried Mozzarella and Buffalo Shrimp. I sampled all of these and enjoyed everything. You can taste how fresh the seafood they use is. For my entree I ordered "The Bums Salad" which was made with crabmeat and shrimp. It was excellent. I was very happy with my selection. The food here is definitely delicious. The decor on the other hand.... Not my favorite. Your definitely not coming here for the ambiance...  It was very dark inside.
This is my first and last time at Benny the Bum's. I found them on Yelp and all of the photos on Yelp was making me drool, unfortunately the actual food was beyond unappetizing. 

First and foremost, first impression means a lot. When a customer walk in, instead of a greeting, my hub was ignored. If you say the guys behind my hub were ignored also, then it is a "norm", but that wasn't the case, both of the waiters greeted the 2 guys behind my hubby. But what about my hub? He was the first person walking in and waited for someone to acknowledge him....... Btw both of those guys were white, I don't want to play the race card but this is unacceptable. Both of the waiters continue to ignore my hub, so my hub left and ask me to call. I called and the counter girl say she just brung out the food, so my hubby went back inside. Then my hub came back out, and say they said my food is not ready.... I was like ????? You told me it was ready.... My hub went back in after a 3rd attempt and finally got our food.

When we got home, one of the bag broke and my platters fell onto the ground. I know I order oysters but the least you can do is to ensure my bag doesn't break . We ordered fresh fried mozzarella, dozens of raw oysters, double lobster mac and cheese, double clam chowder, shrimp and scallop alfredo, seafood jambalaya, and bayside seafood combo. 

The clam chowder was sour, I tasted one and it had a sour taste to it, it seem like it was sitting in a pot all day. Oysters got pieces of shells in it, I'm trying to eat the oyster not with the shell too. Fried fresh mozzarella and lobster mac and cheese were lukewarm, seems like it was sitting on their counter for a while. We only saw one piece of lobster meat on 1 of our lobster mac.  Shrimp and scallops alfredo got a weird taste, especially the scallops. Shrimps tasted frozen and rough in texture, and the scallops got a nasty stench to it...... Seafood jambalaya and bayside pot were also rough in texture. 

It is not like our bill was $50, our total is around $164, is that a way to get treated at a restaurant?  Other yelpers say it is fresh seafood, but what me and hub got tonight was no where near FRESH! $164 totally wasted, never again!
The Diet Coke @ Benny The Bums was crisp,refreshing and my glass was always full. Which is nice because I am totally a glass half empty kind of guy.

My favorite part of Benny the bums are the bums and by bums I mean buns and by buns I mean butts. The staff at Benny The Bums have the most beautiful bums and they swing like pendulums. 

The bums are showcased in black spandex and totally add to the dining experience. So much in fact, that be honest. I have no idea what I ate as all I remember are those luscious behinds.

I am pretty sure it was delicious though, but seriously I would sit in this place and eat cardboard. So get your ass over to Benny The Bums and while your there make sure you sit your bum in a seat facing the kitchen. 

As this is the area with the most bum traffic and by bum traffic I mean Bum traffic.

Enjoy
3.5
During our visit
Pros: 
1) Nice interior; service was well paced
2) Tropical paradise cocktail: Strong, delicious 
3) Hungry Harry: Fresh tasting, tasty seafood
4)Seasoned Fries/broccoli/asparagus : Delicious
5) Crab cake: Moist, perfectly seasoned and full of crab meat
6) Good price point

Cons: 
1) Specials of the day not mentioned to us. Learned about them while overhearing the server for a neighboring table 
2) Maryland crab soup: overly salty
3) Spinach: overcooked
4) When our entrees were cleared away, We would have preferred being asked if we wished to order dessert rather than if we wanted the check 

We love seafood and wouldn't mind returning to try some other dishes
This is my first time here and surprisingly it was great! Our server was wonderful and the food was delicious. 

My mom raved about coming here for the daily specials they offer and I finally decided to try. We came here on a Thursday night and the special was "Lobster bake" - it includes clams, mussels, shrimp, crab legs, lobster tail, corn on the cob and some potatoes in a crab broth for $20.95. The portion is good for one person and it's totally worth getting. I will definitely come back again for this but will come back to try the Wednesday night special which is Steak!
When i first went to Benny the Bums i fell in love with that restaurant! I would go there like every other weekend with my friends and just listen to the music and get my groove on! I love their crab legs and their buffalo wings and oh their Cream of Crab soup is soooooo soooo soooo goood! some times when i go there i would just get the bowl of soup and call it a day. I like their rassberry ice team as well. I also love their Fried Shrimp and if i get the platter i would look at the food and from there i would already know that i couldnt eat all that lol
I wanted some crabs for takeout.  I get there after 4pm and the hostess tells me that they're out of crabs and next time to call ahead. How can an crabhouse run out of crabs in the middle of the week?

Next time, I'll go to that place on Route 1.  It's not as convenient, but at least I KNOW I can get my crab fix.
We went there as a party of three people.  The service was terrible.  We were ignored most of the time.  The fried shrimp was so over cooked that it was almost in edible.  When we talked to the waiter all he did was say that it looked okay to him.  My wife and I got the sea bass special and she could only eat one bite of it.  It was truly the worst meal we have had in years.  I have eaten there a few times before and had mediocre meals, but I will never be able to go back there again.
Last time I'll eat here. It's not worth the food poisoning. Ordered scallops, picked up the first piece to take a bite and the ammonia smell was OVERWHELMING! Service was meh.
The cream of crab soup is fine, it you enjoy more thickening agent than crab. 
What a disappointment!
What happened to this place??! Lunch was horrible. & cost 2 of us $70 before tip! Not worth it at all. Just LUNCH.  2 stars for decor & nice service. NOTHING tasted great. I always ran there for the buffalo shrimp. I would even order them to bring places I was invited because they were always delish & a total hit!! ICK!!! Dry & untasty! Old maybe -? Our whole lunch was gross & left a horrible taste in my mouth. No need to take the leftovers , don't want them. I also found there to be very little choices on the lunch menu, especially seafood choices.  Very disappointed !! I usually go back for another try before I condemn but for that price, I think I'll pass ...
The service here is great. The restaurant is big, big bar area, extensive menu. However, the only reason why I'm giving this place 2 stars is because the food I had wasn't what I expected it to be. I had the mussel linguine and there was just no sauce or flavor to it. The noodles and mussels were overcooked. I expected a lot more since this is a seafood restaurant. But, I hope to come back soon and try something else.
A casual place with shiney tile work around the restaurant. Some sports pictures and other things are scattered around. It is comfortable and the staff were friendly, albiet slightly non-attentive. 
We had a group of 6 for lunch. Chosen due to a larger menu and lower cost. 
All the food ordered came out completed well and tastey. The menu leans slightly towards seafood. 
I had a Pulled pork sandwhich. The pork was cut thickly and slightly dry. The sauce was slightly hot. I had to down a lot of water to keep up with the dryness and heat. 
The fries were seasoned and came on the side. 
I could see this place rocking at night instead of a lunch crowd. The shiney tile work probably sparkles with lights on it. 
My only complaint, more attention from the staff. I drained my coke and never got a refill or offer for water. My staff went up and got me some water. 
Even though it was someones birthday, nothing was offered to that person from the establishment. 
The company I was with made the meal more so than the food is what I can say.
Ah, Benny the Bums.  I really like going here, but only usually go when my mom and her sisters decide to have a girls' night out (mainly b/c my mom will pay for my dinner - we poor grad students have to take whatever free food we can get!). 

Anyway, the food is really, really good.  Forget about any sort of chain place (ugh, Red Lobster...) and head to BTB's.  I'm a total seafood fan, so any place that has crabs makes me happy.  They're not as good as my absolute, all-time favorite Philly crab place, which was Mimi's on the Delaware River, but that closed years ago, so I content myself with the stellar seafood at BTB's.  Good stuff.  Their non-seafood is good, too.  But just get the fish or crabs or lobster or something from the ocean.  Why else go to a seafood joint?  Oh, and their drinks are great, and the wait staff has always been friendly.  The restaurant is spacious and comfy, and the decor is really fun.  

They also opened a second location by the sports stadiums, so non-Northeasters can enjoy their food without traveling up to Bustleton Ave.  But it would be worth the trip if they hadn't opened a second location, trust me!
These seafood devours come all the way from @bennythebums  this neighborhood seafood spot is a real chill establishment for all ages. This establishment strongly encourages social distancing and offers both indoor and outdoor dining. Wonz here I chose to sit at the bar (my favorite place to sit and eat) The bartenders we're really nice. This establishment has a ordering system if you want alcoholic beverages you must water from the bar, and if you want food you must track down a waitress so that she can take your order. I want to see that I ordered The spicy pick and pool shrimp, a half dozen oysters on the shell, and garlic mussels in white wine. The shrimp were absolutely delicious, The mussel broth was very scrumptious with a perfect amount of garlic. Once done with those dishes I then ordered the buffalo shrimp along with the 1lb of snow crab legs. The buffalo shrimp were good however they weren't better than the pick and pool trip. The pound of snow crab's came with Broccoli, corn, and potatoes In a special lemon garlic Cajun sauce. The crabs were steamed perfectly and the seasoning for the vegetables was absolutely amazing. This is definitely a spot that I will revisit in the near future. If you ever want to chill by some really good seafood dishes please check out @bennythebums and tell them shimmy sent you! #food #philly #philadelphia #foodies #foodstagram #foodphotography #foodblogger #cajun #crab #shrimp #garlic #butter #water #broccoli #corn #potatoes #mussels #oysters #shimmyeats
Outstanding. It was a Saturday evening around 5:30 and we were quickly seated. There are oyster crackers and horseradish on each table. They serve fresh bread. The crab cakes were delicious and my husband had the jumbo shrimp. I had a taste...so good. They give you alot of food and everything was fresh. No fillers. We are looking forward to our next dinner date here!
I ate here Saturday night. We order the blue claw crabs with the garlic sauce and the Cajun fries. The flavor of the food was good but I got really sick after eating only 2 crabs. I had to excuse myself to the ladies room to unwillingly vomit. The waiter felt really sorry for me( he was great). At first I thought it was just me until my friend woke up the next morning feeling awful with really bad diarrhea. Now that we both got sick I'm pretty sure the crabs were bad!
I've been to Benny the Bum's dozens of times over the last twenty years and I've never had a bad experience. I've always found the food, service and pricing all consistently above average. They have an early bird special every day from 4pm-7pm and great deals on Valentine's Day dinners as well!
I bought a groupon deal for Benny the bum's. It happened that my friend and I went there on Thursday night. O My God! It was so crowd and music was lowed. We could not talk to each other all evening. All we heard was a music. However we really enjoyed the food. they have the Thursday special Lobster Bake.  It was a bit of spicy , but tasteful.  If you are a lover of seafood than you can try that dish. The service is good in a overall, but don't forget to take ear  plugs with you!
This is a great place to enjoy and get your grub on.First I want to say The food was great I took my wife here for BIRTHDAY both of our first time here.She ordered crabs All you can eat and she told the waitress to bring them coming and they did I even helped her out,I ordered Salmon with pineapple glaze it was great everything fresh I definitely recommend this place nice atmosphere I will go again
Loved EVERYTHING I Had!
My fiance always talked about how great the food was so I was so excited to check it out. We decided to go out to a late dinner on a Friday night. The stuffed mushrooms are so good! For my main course I had the crab daddy feast which was the best! He had a caramelized salmon (which I had a little bite and was amazed!!) Loved the relaxed atmosphere. Cant wait to go back and try something new on the menu!!!!
Local restaurant that I never noticed and wouldn't give much looking from the outside. But the food is delicious and the staff were friendly. The food arrived quickly and to be quite honest it tasted far better than expected. Will most likely be returning. 

Ps. Try the caramelized salmon! Absolutely delicious!
First off, I normally don't feel the need to write reviews for places I dined, but when you received service this flawless, one can learn to appreciate it enough to give a decent feedback. Seafood themed dishes were delicious, clam chowder was best I've had in a long while, crab cakes were deliciously awsome, just enough saltiness, and tang from homemade tarter sauce served with a side of sweet potatoes to balance it all.
     Drinks came out in very good timing, in fact, I can truly say it's the fastest bar service I ever had, despite the fact that it was a full bar, I couldn't even tell by the way they was able to accommodate my party's drink requests, 
     Music was definitely on point!!!! Shoutouts to the DJ for good taste, I couldn't eat sitting still, I was bopping my head with every bite off my dinner. 
    To sum it all up, please give this place a try, but leave the kids home, garunteed you'll be fighting an urge to want to dance, oh I forgot to mention the dance floor and lazer lights also, not tacky at all in the way things were arranged. I know I will be coming back. Flawless service, I haven't been Able to say that in a long while.
Chicken Parmesan was delicious. Cesar Salad was way too peppery. It felt like the pepper mill exploded on the salad. The Broiled Flounder was good. For the appetizer we got two mozzarella triangles, which didn't feel like a good value given what we paid for the appetizer, although they were tasty.
The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because the calamari and music were so good but I'm so disappointed with the service! This is my neighborhood bar and I used to come here often but this was my first time in a while. Came here on a Friday night around 11 PM and there was a decent crowd - at least 30-40 people. My friends and I sat at the bar and the bartender had such an attitude! Every time we spoke to her or asked a question, she seemed annoyed or that we were a burden. We asked her to put a food order in and she said we needed a waitress and quickly walked away! We obviously couldn't tell who was a waitress and where she was since we were at the bar but the finally the bartender got her. The waitress was super sweet and helped us narrow down what to order. We ordered the calamari and fried pickles. The fried pickles were okay, not the best I ever had but not horrible either. The calamari was so good!! Just a FYI, Benny's is a seafood restaurant so definitely get this if you ever go. 

The music was great - they had a DJ who was playing a ton of hits ranging from Spanish to EDM! Unfortunately the dance floor was empty though. 

Benny's also has games - we were playing Connect 4 but not sure what other games they had. 

If I'm in the neighborhood, I may come back if I don't have any other options but hopefully the service is much better next time.
This Place is pretty cool.  I like to stop in on Thursday night. The place is open till 2am, the drinks are cheap and Robbie Tranco spins some pretty good house music.  We did come here for lunch one time and I wasn't too impressed.  I had the cream of crab soup that everyone seems to love.  It was ok definitely not the greatest crab soup ever. I recommend adding some of the horseradish they bring out to the table to the soup.  It really enhances the flavor.  I also ordered the clams casino.  The stuffing included red peppers which completely overpowered the flavor of the clams. They were also pretty dry.  We  took advantage of their full bar while we waited for our meals and ordered margaritas.  They were very disappointing.  Very very weak Margaritas, now call me old fashioned but i like my margaritas with a little bite to them.  We asked the bartender if she accidently gave us virgins?  She's told us they were not....LAME
I haven't been here in almost 20 years! I went here with two friends. Stopped at the bar first to wait fir everyone to arrive. The bartender was all smiles. Not sure how good or expensive the drinks are. We were seated a gentleman came over with water for us. My friend started to ask him something about the menu and his response was "I don't know, your server will be over".  I honestly can't remember what her question was but I do remember the three of us thinking it such a simple thing. He was able to bring me lemon for the water. My other friend tried to ask him something and he just looked at her. Our server came over and she was just amazing!! She was able to help with the menu and make suggestions around our dinner desires. I had fried fish, scallops, shrimp with fries and broccoli. It was a delicious treat because I don't eat fried foods often. My one friend had soup , amazing!  She was moaning over her stuffed shrimp. My second friend ordered crab legs that came smothered in garlic butter with shrimp and potatoes. She cleared her plate. The buffalo shrimp were just ok for me. The food was great for the price point and we were all very satisfied. Our server Amanda was a huge contributor to our experience. She was great! I wanted to tell the manager just how great she was only to find out she was the manager on duty. When we left we were standing outside talking about how great the service was. Another lady overheard our conversation and said she also had Amanda and how great she was. This spot is a bit far for me to visit often but I will definitely be making my way back before the summer is out. Thanks again Amanda!
Only complaint I have is that the ladies bathroom was DIRTY!
I was craving crab legs during Quarantine 2020 and was looking for a place close to home. Ordered and delivered in 40 minutes. They were delicious! I asked for extra sauce so I can soak the bread in it and then inhaled it like a fatty mcbutter pants because they are so damn delicious. The rest of my family got the shrimp platter, crab alfredo, and kiddie chicken tenders. Everyone enjoyed those items. Thanks for the great seafood without traveling!
I've been wanting to visit this place for years and finally got to visit on Friday. It was horrible. I ordered mussels with white sauce . The sauce was horrible it looked like they microwave a stick of butter and threw it over a few lemons. It was that thick ! I also ordered some Dungeness crab legs that were very small and missing legs. They clearly did weigh them correctly. My husband ordered chicken parm that had no taste at all but big pieces of chicken. He barely ate his food. We drove all the way from the PHILA airport area ! We could have went to chickie and Pete's and ate well! Oh I forgot and the witness clearly ignored use we never got refills or even asked. I will never go again!  I also witness a server not wash her hands in the restroom ughhhh !
Wow... I don't think I've been to many CHEAP seafood restaurants...ever.

Great portions for the price. 3.95 for a whole plate of mussels? Wow.

This place is also a sports bar as well, 16 TV's!! I counted :)
Suprisingly swanky - in a good way. Good food. Nice bartenders and servers.
Went here for my best friend's birthday and overall we loved it!
I and another friend had the house pasta. I had chicken and she had shrimp and both were amazing. 
The birthday girl had crab and she said it was super good. Unfortunately, another friend ordered something and I don't exactly remember what it was called, but it wasn't good (I'll include pic). His entree came with two sides. He got greens and french fries and said the greens tasted scorched. 
But aside from his one meal, it was a great experience. Our waiter was knowledgeable and polite, suggesting the cajun calamari app which was super good! The place also turns into a nightclub around 11 p.m. (at least on Saturday when we were there)

We'll be back!
This place was ok... I would def go back. I went here on a date with my then boyfriend. The food was great and service was cool..
Poorly managed, mediocre service, food declining in quality. Made reservation for 6, the manage tried to cram us into a booth for four, then seated two groups in booth for six while we waited 45 minutes to sit a booth made for 12! Never apologized, didn't offer a drink - what a clown. If it's not his first week in the business, it ought to be his last.

check out the reviews for their place on Packer Ave - went downhill, closed up. So will this one.
I came here for dinner on a Friday night, not really knowing what to expect since I've heard the bar can get rowdy.  I was surprised it was a larger place than I had thought at the end of a strip mall.       It seemed to be a mainly the butt-end of the happy hour crowd, but there were also families dining as well.  It's a bit dark inside like a tavern, but the ambiance while not trendy seemed to be somewhat eclectic and tasteful. 

The service was pleasant, without being superfluously chatty.  I ordered:  Blue Point Oysters which were very fresh and large (5 per order), bacon-wrapped scallops (3 per order) which were cooked perfectly but the accompanying sweet and sour sauce didn't enhance the dish at all so I ate them plain, and the chocolate lava cake which was moist and delicious, albeit the portion a bit small.  The food overall was a good value. 

It's nice that a decent seafood place exists in Northeast Philly, when I'm not up for driving into Center City.
I've been to Benny The Bums now 3 times in the last 3 weeks, so I'm becoming quite fond of this place. Prior to 3 weeks ago, I hadn't been here for several years, so I noticed the renovations immediately. The service isn't spectacular, but I enjoy their food. The servers are always nice and friendly. I have had less than stellar service on occasions, but I don't want to dwell on those as the good has outweighed the bad. Nice people and good food equals a recipe for success. During my last couple visits I've had the cioppino pescadera, Baltimore garlic crabs and the crabs in spicy broth (Benny's Crab Pot). All were very good. At this rate, I'll be back next week. ;O)
Had dinner there for the first time. I usually end up there with coworkers for happy hour. It was a great experience. I had decided to take mu girlfriend there because I recently purchased a Groupon voucher. The food was excellent and the atmosphere was festive. The latter part was probably due to the Phillies winning. As for having a good view of the TV, each booth has its own personal flat screen. OOOHH YEAH!  Our server, Lucy, was amazing. She came and  checked on us and anticipated our every need. This place was worth the money even before the Groupon voucher.  Casual atmosphere and very pleasing beer selection on tap.
Every now & then I go back, but do not repeat the visit anytime soon.  Food is okay; nothing special.  It's essentially a bar which happened to add a food area.  Too noisy for me.
Buffalo shrimp are the best here. Louisiana clam chowder,  yes please!  Or a drink on any night of the week... except Thursday. There's always something going on here. They're open pretty late daily.  

One thing i would change is the HORRIBLE loud obnoxious music blaring on Thursday nights. I hate it, and can not enjoy dinner or even a drink. I avoid coming here on Thursday night.
The service was great. The waiter was very attentive, polite and friendly. There was an issue that needed to be resolved (which I won't mention) and she had a bit of an attitude but because i was extremely respectful she got rid of the attitude very fast. As the time got later in the night the music got louder,as there is a live DJ(who was also awesome, he played a variety of music for EVERYONE:  reggae, reggae ton, dancehall, pop, hipbhop&RB, Salsa, House, Techno, electronic, country, instrumental and K-pop etc.) Great atmosphere, mixed crowd, EXCELLENT drinks and food. The only reason I didn't give the fifth star is because the food was a bit on the salt side. I will DEFINITELY return.

Oh how can I forget!!! Lots of parking yay!!!
Well, I have to temper my review, just because it was Mother's Day, and I know that they'd be even more packed than usual.

This is my first time being here, though.  

They seemed a little overwhelmed with all the people who were there, which struck me as a little odd considering that this couldn't possibly have been their first holiday service.

We were seated right by the door, with TONS of people still waiting to be seated, so there was a time or two that I felt there was someone over my shoulder salivating over my dinner.  

The seafood tasted pretty good on the way down.  The fries were a little over-done.  They also had some low-rent Old Bay Seasoning on them a la Chickie and Pete's.  The food didn't 100% agree with me, but I won't hold that against them too much.

All tolled, it wasn't horrible.  I probably won't go back, just because it's so far of a drive for me, and the prices weren't low enough for what the drive and the quality and the ambiance of the place offers...
We went here for Mother's Day and I loved the food. I had the creamy crab soup, filet mignon with mash potatoes and Mac and cheese. My husband had seafood casserole with penne pasta in garlic sauce we both enjoyed it. I defiantly will recommend Benni the Bum to anyone wanting good seafood.
The atmosphere was great too.
Food was great. Drinks were good too. Friendly staff. They should turn the heat up for the customers that sit closer to the front door.
Only issue I have with this place is the service is poor...when you come to a place looking to have a good time but you are getting served every 20min it can really ruin the night. Spoke to the bartender (female) and addressed the issue with her directly and I received the same result the whole night. The staff seemed older so I'm surprised that's how they operate...other than that no complaints but that's a major complaint when you are trying to enjoy yourself.
I live in Center City and so look forward to going to Benny the Bums at least once a month.  The bum salad is absolutely the best salad ever, the buffalo shrimp so refreshing in place of chicken wings... not to mention the other food I have tasted.  The service or I should say severs are so polite, fast, and clean.  My tab
It was cleaned up no dirty dishes... Great atmosphere.   Thumbs up... Don't miss out on this wonderful place.  AND while they have them, they are groupons!!!!!
We went for an early (4:30ish) dinner on a Monday and it was really good! Waitresses were very friendly and attentive. I had snapper soup which was very good although I would prefer chunks of snapper rather than shredded meat. 

My husband had lump crab ala vodka with angel hair and he loved it. I had seafood Chesapeake which was surprisingly good. It was a mix of shrimp, scallops, and 2 little lobster tails in a cast iron dish with butter sauce and a ton of crabmeat. Not lump crab, but it was tasty. The cole slaw was so good!

I hadn't been here since back in the 90s but I'm happy to find it is still really good, if not better.
Came here for lunch with a client.  Having only come here before for drinks, I decided to try out the food.  What a mistake!
Ordered the Bleu Burger & seasoned fries.
Asked for medium rare.
The burger comes out with horrible blue cheese topped on it (had to be some sort of fake blue cheese - I never had anything taste like this).  And, it was well done.
How can you not make a decent burger when you have 10 of them on your menu????

The waitress could give a crap about us, even though we were 1 of 4 tables there. (Should have known better when no one was there for lunch).

I'm giving this one star because the fries were half decent.

In addition, the bathrooms were filthy  and the floors were sticky as hell.  C'mon man!  You can't take the time to clean the place up!?!

Definitely will not be going there again....unless Gordon Ramsey comes in and cleans the place up on Kitchen Nightmares....
The place is pretty nice. Our waitress wasn't that good. Got the steam pot. The snow crabs legs must have been from a baby crab. Smallest crab legs I've ever seen. But, decent beer selection, would go back. Just wouldn't get the steam pot ever again.
I think the three star rating is a fair one. Remember...you are in Northeast Philly NOT Fishtown. Average bar like atmosphere. Nothing special. The wings here are pretty great although they are pricey.
This is one of the worst food establishments I've ever been to. I cant believe this place is still open. Please save your money
A bar that maintains their restrooms. Aways clean. Food is on point everyday. Awesome place for lunch and dinner. Great restaurant. And late night drinks.
I've heard so much about this place but I've had better, much better at a neighborhood crab shack. For me this place is overrated but to each, his own.
We use to like this place but very disappointed and not going back.  Overpriced King Crab Legs which were not very good.  Sam's Club sells superior crab legs.     Nothing came with it-- a baked potato at least should have been included.  Meatballs and sausage with pasta was mediocre.     Service was good though.  Caesar Salad was tasty.   Overall our bill was ridiculous for average food.   Much better seafood restaurants.
I heard a lot about this joint long before I ever came here. My GF told me this was a local hangout but nothing special. I really liked it actually. My GF was having a small birthday get together and we decided to come here.

First, it is super spacious, and deceptively so. I was shocked at how big it is inside, both the bar area and the dining area. They also have an area for dancing.

The bartender was attentive and quick, although looked at me like I was retarded for asking for the Ketel One Orange like I just invented it. It's ok if you don't have it or never heard of it, but yeah that could have been handled better. We ordered a couple of appetizers, a crab quesadilla and a spinach and artichoke dip which were both large and super tasty and came out fast!

As more people began to arrive I asked the manager/owner for a larger table and he had us seated and moved from the bar instantly. Great service. We got our own little corner for the six or eight of us and it was just perfect. Our waiter was on it! Kept on checking on us and helping out. 

At a certain point, the DJ showed up and started playing music VERY loudly. Like you couldn't talk loud. So yeah, I guess this is what they do on the weekends late in the evening, so if you're not into that, you've been warned. They also have some silly light show operation during the DJ period where the lights seem to flicker on and off. We all thought the power was going out. So yeah that was weird. Anyways, would definitely return soon. Love the ample parking and being close to home.
I like Benny the Bums, I never had a bad time there. The food is always satisfying and were always taking home leftovers, or ordering takeout soup. The crab soup is absolutely amazing, sometimes there are pieces of shell in there which I hate and sometimes the clear crab membrane..all in all I never have a problem with it because its made with fresh crab. The crab cakes are very delicious and I would advise anyone to try them. There is never any filler in them and they are definitely made with real crab meat. I will keep coming back to Benny's because they always have something going on, keep it up Benny's!
It's a restaurant by day lounge by night on Thursday and nights. The food is pretty good. Their early bird specials are very affordable. Their buffalo wings and shrimp are delicious. The soups are fresh. The wait staff is pretty nice as well. It's a good deal.
Love bennys. My kids love seafood and I do as well, we made a tradition to go every Easter. My favorite is shrimp linguini my kids love the mussels. Always satisfied when we go
I haven't been here in almost 20 years! I went here with two friends. Stopped at the bar first to wait fir everyone to arrive. The bartender was all smiles. Not sure how good or expensive the drinks are. We were seated a gentleman came over with water for us. My friend started to ask him something about the menu and his response was "I don't know, your server will be over".  I honestly can't remember what her question was but I do remember the three of us thinking it such a simple thing. He was able to bring me lemon for the water. My other friend tried to ask him something and he just looked at her. Our server came over and she was just amazing!! She was able to help with the menu and make suggestions around our dinner desires. I had fried fish, scallops, shrimp with fries and broccoli. It was a delicious treat because I don't eat fried foods often. My one friend had soup , amazing!  She was moaning over her stuffed shrimp. My second friend ordered crab legs that came smothered in garlic butter with shrimp and potatoes. She cleared her plate. The buffalo shrimp were just ok for me. The food was great for the price point and we were all very satisfied. Our server Amanda was a huge contributor to our experience. She was great! I wanted to tell the manager just how great she was only to find out she was the manager on duty. When we left we were standing outside talking about how great the service was. Another lady overheard our conversation and said she also had Amanda and how great she was. This spot is a bit far for me to visit often but I will definitely be making my way back before the summer is out. 

Found my way back for the second time. Once again amazing service. This time our server was Jamie. I can't say enough about how pleasant he was. He was attentive without seeming intrusive. I was able to enjoy dinner with my man and know that Jamie was always making rounds checking on his tables. I had the fried fish, sorry. It's the only time I can have it. My man had the soup which was delicious. He also had the crab cake, fried shrimp and spinach all of which he loved. I think we've found our new favorite seafood spot. Thanks for the great service. Oh! The bathroom was decent this time. It's old but I was able to use it.
My boyfriend and I had lobster mac & cheese. It was delicious and the service when we called was wonderful. Our food was ready within 10 minutes of when we called. This place was amazing.
This restaurant should not be allowed to serve seafood.  Despite the slow service, I was excited to dive into my seafood pot (a combination of crab legs, clams, mussels, shrimp,corn, and potatoes in a spicy broth).  Everything on my plate was inedible.  The crab was severely overcooked, I couldn't even pull it out of the shell.  Several of my clam shells were cracked, serving seafood with huge pieces of shells floating in a broth is not only a choking hazard but shows extreme laziness by the kitchen staff.  The mussels were disgusting and mealy, I had to spit every one of them out.  The shrimp was overcooked but at least they didn't taste like they were a month old.  The corn was mushy and wouldn't even come off the cob.  The "spicy seafood broth" tasted like Tabasco mixed with dirty dishwater.  I really wanted to like this place but unfortunately this was our first and last visit to the bums.  I do not recommend this place for anything.
The food is great but the servers have been very rude lately. They have new hires with Attitiudes.They have specials from 4p-7p Mon-Thurs that the servers wont ell you about so maybe just ask  if there are any specials going on. The last time I went I sat at the bar and the bartender was nice.I guess you can try your luck.
Benny's is overly expensive as a bar, but they have pretty good seafood and chicken products.

Go to millers ale house or chickies first, but this place isn't a bad local joint!
Thank you so much to the adorable, honest hostess that returned my $800 sunglasses which i forgot in the bathroom! I am SO grateful!!!
What was once a great place for dinner and drinks sadly was an example of poor service and indifference. 

The guys manning the entrance were deeply involved in conversation as we waited for a table. When I decided we waited long enough and to seat ourselves at the bar we were suddenly noticed. 

Instead of excusing his indifference to waiting customers he asked for ID. What a 

Yes, we proceeded to the bar where the luck of the draw gave us Andy as a bar tender. We inquired about the specials a few times before I gave up trying to understand. After our first round our glasses were promptly bussed away by a tall bar back. 

Unfortunately another drink was never offered as he placed our glasses in the washer and Andy texted away on her cellular. 

Our salads arrived with the dressing already tossed in, well that's the end of a Bum Salad. There was no bread offered and never did anyone think or care to ask how our food was. 

Disappointing is my best description because service is no longer a concern  nor a reality. I am so sorry that I decided to come here especially for the Bum Salad.

I must admit that I expressed my displeasure and voiced my concerns. The bright light that salvaged our evening was Niki, the other bar tender. She made a point to ensure that we were acknowledged. Thank you Niki for the exceptional attempt at service recovery!
Mussels white,,,soo good. Away for a year down in Houston, missed this dish! Nice crowd as usual. 

Good to be back in northeast Philly!!
Been going to Benny's for years but mostly for the bar. Recently started getting more food and oh my god, their food amazing!!! The rosé pasta is the best I've ever had, the bum salad is to die for (and I'm not even a salad person), and of course all seafood is so sooo good! Definitely recommend!
Ordered for delivery by UberEATS the other night and was not disappointed! Chicken parm was great, and who knew their Mac and cheese would be so delicious!!!!!! Literally had me wishing I had more once I cleared my plate. Also, their wings 
Will order again!
I was looking at the special which is tilapia with crab meat in creamy lobster sauce. I asked the waitress whether the fish was broiled and she said yes. I asked not to have creamy sauce and she said ok. 

My food came out slow and turned out the fish was breaded and looked fried and she insisted its broiled but I didn't think so. I sent it back and ordered different meal. The menu should be more descriptive or the staff should be able to describe.

The crab cake is okay. Nothing special. 

I also saw an employee gave my waitress a shoulder massage in the restaurant which I thought it was inappropriate and unprofessional.

I als order the salad with shrimp and crab. It's delicious but the shrimps were not cleaned.
Went for happy hour and seafood of course. Discounted food and drinks during that time. 1st time there so kinda got a lil of everything LOL. Will definitely return. In a shopping plaza so no issues with parking.
Ok so where do I start. We haven't been to Bennys in a good while so naturally I decided to pay them a visit. Seating was spaces out perfect. My wife had the calamari which she orders where ever we go so she knows real calamari vs fake calamari the portions are decent fried a little too hard but over all she liked it. I had salmon tacos which we excellent salmon cooked to perfection not dry at all along with a nice barbecue sauce. My wife who doesn't like salmon tried it it made her want to order one herself. As far as the bar set up you are allowed to sit at the bar to drink and eat I felt the bartenders could be more attentive it's a little confusing that when you sit at the bar the server comes to take your order for food vs the bartender putting the order in so it feels like your sitting for a bit until someone comes to take your order. The drinks were good I had the Long Island which was good you could actually taste the alcohol in it. Bennys is def a go too if your looking for good seafood.
I've been coming here for the past 10 years! It's a great place to grab a quick lunch or party it up on a Friday night! Their bartenders are exceptional and the servers always give the best service. They have DJs Thursday-Saturday! Their menu is majority seafood, I recommend their crab legs or wings!
First time there on a Saturday night. Horribly mismanaged, untrained staff who only seem to care about themselves. Had to pay 3 separate tabs because the bar and food service are separate. One due to a shift change at 6:00pm on a Saturday night. Bartender eating instead of tending to any duties while a bunch of other staff  congregated around point of sale in center of rest blatantly ignoring patrons.

As far as the food and drink, it was very average. Unimpressive! My partner was served an unshaken Prickly Pear Margarita, which costs $10.00 and was easily a $6 drink--way overpriced. I had the Cherry pepper hot wings which I will honestly say we're good. My partner, hiwever, got the Honey chipotle shrimp which were small and the texture was rubbery. 

Will not be back!
I was in this restaurant at 10pm February 24th with my girlfriend i ordered 2 drinks with open tab. Then i asked for check and bartender lost my bank card. Im really upset and disappointed i live in NJ my bill was only 16$ and now i have to wait for 6 days to recive my new credit card because bartender so stupid to loose costumer bank card. Its 4 stars restaurant come on how is it possible to loose costumers bank cards. I dont know maybe she is stupid or  stole my information but its redicules experience.
The food was good. I had the crab "cakes" on the menu but it only came with 1 crab cake. I also had the steamed broccoli and asparagus. The crab cake was delicious the veggies we're missing season but were good after I requested butter and obay season. The reason why I gave it 2 stars was because I had to fight off the fruit flies. I killed about 5 as I ate my food. There has to be a way to get rid of them so that they're not harassing customers as they eat. I talked to the day manager and she was very nice. As we were talking we both had to sway the fruit flies from our face. She offered me a drink but I declined because I really just wanted them to know they have a problem. #ihatebugs
I have been coming to Benny's for years. Tonight I came with my family and ordered the All-You-Can-Eat Crab Legs for $31.95 a person. We received our crab lags and were told they were out of the small forks. The ones necessary to actually eat the crab legs. I asked for the manager which took an additional 10 minutes and two requests get to speak with him.  He offered to just charge us for one pound and not the full price. Problem is, we just started eating and were hungry. We still kept the order and they broad out small plastic forks which cracked as they were too soft against the Shell. To make matters worse, our waitress must have been new because she was inattentive and forgetful. However we tipped her nicely because I believe it wasn't her fault.  This place is steadily declining and its management is not smart/competent enough to realize this. Oh, and my bill came to $122.00!!!
Great service, food was amazing!! Try the Pasta Benny w/ shrimp and the crab balls. Atmosphere was great and the staff was really friendly!!! Would recommend to anyone.
Love these guys they always treat me right, and tonight is special Anna is here and making my Drinks,if you treat them right?You know the rest!!!!!Smiley Face  :).D.J.  is in the House tonight .
I live near Benny The Bums and I frequent the place at least once a week I find the help especially Amanda to be a very good server and efficient the food is very good and the bartenders are as nice as the waitresses if you are in the area you have to try this place I give it four thumbs up
I ordered 4 crabmeat sandwiches, asked to make 2 of them spicy and 2 mild and 4 of them was spicy . When I came to pick up my order they gave me wrong one . I called them and explain situation . They told , that they don't have delivery and in order to get my food I need to came back to the bar . 
Bad customer service . Can't recommend this place to anybody .
Super great specials tonight!
Lobster ravioli with shrimp...yummy!
Short ribs totally tender with an amazing glaze-gravy.perfectly done broccoli and homemade mashies.  Dessert was cherry cheesecake - fabulous.
Service properly masked, quick, and really nice.
The girl was nice I ordered the Manhattan red spicy soup she brought it to me quickly she gave me crackers and bread butter that was all good other girl there was a bunch of tattoos she was very bossy I gave the nice girl a four dollar tip for a six dollar bill the girl says to me what's this I said it's four dollars for the nice girl that left because I got a put it in the register I said go ahead So I took the soup opened it up heated it up it was those canned mixed vegetables corn peas beans no crab meat no clams nothing wouldn't go there again.
This place was recommended but I wouldn't return. The waitress was great and attentive (at first). Drinks were yummy, could have been stronger tho. The food in the other hand was a disappointment. My salmon was raw and the crab balls were just alright.  There were flies all over and made for a pretty unappetizing experience. The bathroom needs some major work. There was giant hole in the ceiling and the toilet seemed patched together.  Just a strange time all around.
Went downhill. Not like it use to be.
Quality: Fair
Quantity: Reduced
Service. Amatuer. Waitress sat at bar with her phone instead of checking for refills or any requests. We're finished going there. The quality is gone.
Read the negative reviews. They are accurate.
This was our second time here. We love this place. I had the crab cake. It was all crab meat! NO FILLER!!! So delicious!!! It came with either French fries or veggies. I chose the veggies. Great choice! They were definitely fresh and not frozen. It was a vegetable medley. I also added a side salad for $1.75. It was a very big side salad. They serve bread and butter. Also there are oyster crackers and horseradish on the table. All very good!!! My husband had the Benny pasta with chicken. He really liked it. The service was great! I definitely recommend this restaurant!!
