Ya know, seems like we are hitting a rut regarding restaurants. We had to be in Philadelphia and decided to try this highly rated, must try restaurant. We weren't very familiar with the southern part of this lovely city, seemed a bit gritty but we weren't mugged. Fortunately, our driver was aware of this hood.

Tonight was the pre fix meal. We all had to begin our Four Course Meal with the soup.Cold endive and champagne cream soup, spiced pickled strawberry and squash.   We all traveled far and have in our past tasted some food which we may not have enjoyed but it wasn't so awful that we couldn't eat it. Well, this soup was so off tasting so distasteful, none at the table was able to finish even this small cup. This start of the meal tasted sour, the carbonation seemed to add to the strangeness. For only the second time in my life, I could not stomach this specific culinary experience. A table next to us,  received their soup and we were curious of there reaction to the soup. We watched them getting served this soup, stated, and we heard them, "tasted like vomit." Yikes. At least we knew it wasn't our own palettes. 

Ok.. the waiter who did a terrific job, saw that one in the party didn't have a second spoonful of this sour soup, brought over a "salad" for him. Umm...how about the rest of us?

Second courses:

Duo de Foie Gras, Seared foie gras with poached quince;Foie gras custard.
I thought this was spectacular, one of the best renditions of Foie Gras I have ever had the pleasure. 2 others also stated this was enjoyed.
Others in the party had:
Paté,Country paté stuffed quail, red wine poached plum. The two folks who had this stated it was very good.

Entrees:
Sautéed monkfish cheeks, semolina with vegetables brunoise, saffron nage emulsion. The fish cooked perfectly, although myself and the one other felt the fish lacked seasoning and was bland. I declined upon being asked to take the rest back to the Four Seasons. (Which I emphatically can suggest to Yelpers when visiting Philadelphia)

Roasted veal medallion, fava bean, corn and pea shoot fricassée, Albufera sauce.
The others chose this entree. All felt the veal medallions were cooked properly, but lacked flavor. Some entrees were not finished and when the waiter asked if they wanted to take the rest back to their hotel, all declined. 

Desserts were ok. Far Far from a 5 Star Rating.

In summation, the Service was was very professional and attentive. We feel the food was not up to expectations. We felt so disappointed. The Soup was so lousy, so bad that to watch other customer's faces upon that first spoonful and their obvious surprise of the taste was entertaining. Truly scratch your head. How can this soup be created, tasted by the chef and not recognize the result? 

Yikes...
Oui. Oui. Oui. Oui!!!

It's no secret that I am a clichéd Francophile.  I live, eat, breathe all things French.  Paté, fromage and baguettes are in heavy rotation in my diet.  I am well acquainted with the musical stylings of Edith Piaf, the yé-yé movement, Johnny Hallyday, Serge Gainsbourg, and Carla Bruni.  I call France my second home and I own more berets than I'd like to admit.

That being said, Bibou is an exercise in gorgeous, spot-on, casual French dining. In the former Pif space, it is only fair that French cuisine should be made in that kitchen.  The dining room is as ever, tiny and intimate.  Decor is simple, cozy and bright.

Charlotte is a terrific and amiable hostess who has a lot of help with another server and two bus boys.  Prices are super reasonable too, with no plat principal costing over $27.

With a small conservative menu, each item is succulent and deftly prepared from the first bite to the last - Their foie gras entrée (with two generous pieces) made me swoon - perfection - and a Riz de Veau (sweetbreads) put me over the moon.  Along with their homemade bread, imported French butter that tastes like cream to their full-bodied and robust French-pressed coffee with warm little Madeleines rounded off the near perfect experience (the only mediocre dish was our desert, a 'bûche' that didn't make me quiver).

The little touches, like the wine bottle holder, their special concentric esgargot plates, and the gorgeous glass teacup and painted saucer make you feel as though you're eating at someone's apartment in Alençon.  

The man of the hour, the chef himself, humble and talented Pierre Calmels came out to greet us at the end of our meal to shake our hands and have a small chat about the food he prepared.  Being a former chef at Le Bec Fin, I thought this meal was better than anything I've had at his prior stuffy employer.  Save yourself the money, hoopla and the trouble, skip Le Bec Fin, bring your favorite vin and eat here instead.

Be sure not to miss their Sunday prix-fixe dinner at $45.  That is, if you can get a reservation.  Also, BYOB (splurge on a nice bottle, you deserve it) and cash only.

How fitting that my 100th review should be a five-star-'er experience and a place where I had the pleasure to dine in celebration of my birthday (the numerical component of which shall remain a mystery).

Youppi!!
My very, very, very favorite. My number one recommendation for dining in the city, especially for BYO. It has definitely changed in the years since it's opened. It started as a humble, packed French bistro with more affordable options to a renovated, more refined, higher end, $100/prix fixe, 6 courses, French restaurant. I love both, but I can only afford the latter every once in a while (mostly for special occasions).

The service is top notch and the kitchen is simply flawless. The renovated space removed quite a bit of seating so now the dining area is roomier, more intimate, more romantic. The menu itself has been elevated, and the tasting menu is seasonal, the meal progression is perfectly paced, and the experience itself is just that, a dining experience that you remember long after the meal has finished. They retain a few touches from the original Bibou, finishing off the meal with Madeleines and coconut macaroons and their lovely French press. Most importantly, the delicious imported butter is still served at the table and please! select a baguette with which to smear said butter (because it's warm, and because it's perfect).  Also, there is always a representation of foie gras, which I think, is crucial and necessary. The menu is always executed perfectly and this tiny little place is an oasis, a gift compared to the larger scaled eateries, and so it feels like you are at a private dinner. Does not get better than that!

Elegant cuisine from beginning to end. A must.
I think Bibou got me to eat parts of an animal one should never eat (liver, brain, etc). For that, I applaud them.

I went many months back with my family and the food was fantastic. I ordered some sort of terrine and I have no idea what was in it. But it was delicious. I think that my parents were lying to me when I asked them what it contained because they didn't want me to know.

Other courses were had and reveled about as well.
Dinner came with easy to follow cooking instructions - this is how Takeout should be!  Hard to be more fresh than when you're preparing (heating it up) yourself. All items are packed cold, with reheating instructions.

We chose 1 of the weekly, 3 course $45 dinners. This included a Potato and Shrimp Salad with red onions, capers and eggs in sauce Aurore.  It was simple and delicious.

The next course was an Olive Oil poached Cod Fish Loin with slivered carrots, zucchini, fennel and ginger with an Orange Vinaigrette.  This was also delicious.

Since we were just sharing the one 3 course dinner, we added another entree, which was amazing. The Quenelle de Poisson was a soufflé-like Fish Mousse glazed in a rosy lobster cream.  With everything being delicious, this was still the winner! 

We also ordered Baguettes.

Dinner ended with a fantastic Baba au Rhum dessert - Pineapple Rum cake.

For a future Cassoulet dinner we also ordered Tarbais beans and 2 Duck Leg confit.

Obviously it's not the same as being at Bibou but still an exceptional dinner.  

For the above with tip the bill came to around $130.
i don't know why french people aren't all stuck-to-the chair fat, if bibou is a representation of fine french dining.  i mean, even the name implies cherubs and cheek-pinching.

so, my fellow food indulgers and i came here, on a summery thursday night.  the place is tiny.  (make reservations!)  i got the porcini and duck appetizer and the pigs feet/foie entree, and there was lots to be shared and tried among the table.

my entree was melt-in-your-mouth tasty.  and rich.  i think i had a mild heart attack whilst eating it.  the bites that i had of everyone else's food was also just as tasty (blood sausage, scallops, tuna, gazpacho...you name it, i tried it!) charlotte heard that multiple people at the table liked tripe, and her husband whipped us up some of that as well, and shared some leftover bottles of wine with us.  what more could you ask for?

it's lovely and quaint.  it's french.  it's heart attack inducing.  so go.  or maybe not.  because with only seating for about 20, if you go, i may not ever get a table!
Yessir, add it to my fave BYOB list, and one of the top 10-20 restaurants in Philadelphia.  At Bibou it's all about the finest ingredients and delicate preparation, with accents on flavor and complimentary support from the accompaniments on the plate.

Starting with the reservation thing, a month in advance, who cares.  A friend made them, no sweat off my back, and I'd rather have a restaurant in demand than to walk into a place on a Wednesday to see it 1/4 to 1/2 filled.  The decor was smart, stylish, chic, including the tables exquisite in fine silverware, stemware and dishes, and the warm feel of table cloths which made this little store front all the more cozier.

The food, yes, wonderful!

Apps - The foie gras with a little savory foie gras custard on the side, with candied fennel confit and red wine duck sauce --all that it is hyped to be--5 star.  The crusted venison pate with pistachio--use of the flavorful pickled chanterelles on the side to compliment the terrine was necessary to enhance the flavor, good but not fabulous--4 star

Entrees - The New York wild striped bass fillet (seared crispy skin, I LOVE crispy skin) with chanterelle mushroom fricassé, perfect from texture, presentation, taste, everything, now this was fabulous.  As was the poached dorade fillet, artichoke, 
fennel and pattypans, barigoule emulsion.  Both are 5 star dishes.

Dessert  - The floating almond pralines in a meringue and creme anglaise was as an excellent finish to a most impressive French foodie experience.
It pains me to give such an average rating to this near perfectly rated restaurant, but alas, my experience here was just average. 

I had a reservation here for 9:30, and we were seated promptly by an extremely warm hostess. So far so good. On the way to our table (the middle row closest to the kitchen) we accidentally bumped and bustled a few of the other patrons (sorry) - it's so tiny in there! The small size kind of lends itself to its charm, a small, cozy, homey place, complete with drawings done by children framed on the wall.

They use napkin rings (super classy), but I noticed the wine glasses aren't actual glass - so I do agree with the other Yelper that described this place as schizophrenic - fancy and homey, French but not, quaint but dare I say - pretentious? It also seems like a place for older or more mature patrons. I think my boyfriend and I were clearly the youngest customers they had at that time (perhaps all day). 

We brought a fairly affordable bottle of sparkling rose wine - which doesn't seem to be what their normal type of clientele brings. The server kind of made it clear that we were not their normal clientele by asking us whose birthday it was, insinuating that it was a special occasion or something that we should dine there (it was neither - we just wanted a nice dinner for our date).

The bread and butter was great and probably (unfortunately) one of the better parts of the meal. We had the escargot, moules, pied de porc, and then the frozen soufflé:

Escargot - a little under seasoned. I really wanted to ask for some salt.. Also my last piece had some sharp shell attached to it. Otherwise, pretty tasty and flavorful.

Moules - the mussels themselves were giant, well cooked, juicy, and delicious. But the jus they were in was overwhelmed by the lardons - just every bite was like essence of bacon (and I'm not a huge fan of bacon..). 

Pied de porc - I don't know how I feel about this dish. On one hand it's like an elevated pork and beans slash pig's trotter stuffed with foie gras. On the other hand, it is rich rich rich rich heavy and one dimensional. It overwhelmed my palate and I wish the dish had a little acidity or greens or crunch (other than the pork skin) to it. Delicious yes, but way too much.

Frozen soufflé - not a soufflé. Yummy, but the name is a little misleading. I was disappointed because my boyfriend and I just had soufflés together at our last big date, and had I known this was not an actual soufflé or pastry/cake, I would not have ordered it. In reality, it seemed like a puck of ice cream frozen a little too long, mixed with hazelnuts, covered in cocoa powder, and atop a strange minty berry sauce. It really is a disappointment especially from a "French" restaurant - are the French not known for their pastries? The end of the meal also came with some petite fours - some type of merengue puff and macaroon - both just ok.

In terms of service, I felt a bit offended by the birthday question (he said happy birthday as we left too, lol). He was also a little slow with refilling our wine. Other than that, our server was pleasant and even offered us a really nice wine bag to take our left over wine home in. Unfortunately, he did not close the bottle properly, so our wine spilled out a bit on our way home. The chef also came out to greet us at the end of our meal, which was a nice personal touch.

Between courses, we had to wait quite a bit - maybe a half hour between appetizer and entree. I think a mark of a good kitchen is great timing, and this place lacked that. Very slow paced kitchen.

Overall, this place is a cute BYOB with great French-ish food. Would I recommend this to fellow friends? Yes, but with dire instructions:

- bring a nice bottle of wine (our server seemed to judge us based on the type of wine we brought)
- ask to have the wine kept and chilled at your table so you can pour it yourself
- be prepared for a 3 hour 3 course meal and long waits without food.
- order an appetizer! Seems like the more stand out dishes on the menu
- bring cash! No ATM in store or nearby for blocks
- eat the bread and butter! It really is good.
- order a light, refreshing dish. You will want and need it. 

Perhaps I'll return in the future, now that I know what to expect and what I should avoid. For now, this place was just ok.
Losing another great to a prix fixe/tasting menu only. Le sigh. Although I'm sure it will be worth every penny of the $100.

Lucky for me, I managed to get a reso in before the switch. Albeit it was at the senior citizen dinner hour of 5:00. But hey, beggars can't be choosers. And who doesn't like the opportunity to get a second dinner in at 8:30?!

I'll be honest. French food is not my favorite. *Braces for impact* Sacrebleu! It always seems to border on good to just "eh fine." I feel like it had its heyday decades ago and has since been passed up by other cultural fare... Not enough creativity. Not enough inventiveness... But don't get me wrong. The five mother sauces are still tasty. Just tasty and boring.

But Bibou manages to buck that trend. It does an excellent job of paying homage to the culinary genius of French food past, while maintaining its own unique flair.

Now on to the food (ranked from favorite to least favorite)...

Scallops - Typically a safe, boring French dish. But the beautifully presented addition of cranberry, Brussels, pancetta and fennel vinaigrette gave this some serious pizzazz.

Gravlax - Prettiest thing I've eaten since the birthday cake with my face on it (I kid). The color combo between the beet cured salmon & turmeric aioli - wow. And unlike my cheap frosting mug, it was tasty too.

Rillette - I should probably brush up on my French, because I wasn't expecting this to be pâté. Silly me. I was obviously distracted by my excitement at seeing chutney on a French menu.

Pot au Feu - Very yummy, but felt more like something I'd prefer to make at home, as opposed to pay a premium to eat it at a restaurant.

So Bibou, thank you for restoring my faith in the fare of the world's culinary godfather. Bon Appétit!
Bibou.. I've been wanting to go there for so long.. Finally - I did. Its the cutest little place with the most amazing service. The waiters are knowledgeable, kind and very attentive to everything we needed. 

The food is divine. French food is my favorite and their chef does everything right. its rich and flavorful, but not overwhelming. 

But then, towards the end, we were begin rushed into dessert and our table was cleared half way during dessert and the owner came to tell us that we need to leave cause there are ppl that are waiting for lour table..NOT acceptable. NOT nice,  and DEFINITELY leave a horrible taste in your mouth.
My husband and I went to Bibou last night to celebrate our anniversary. I had booked the chef's tasting menu through City Eats weeks in advance for Sunday at 6pm, and when we arrived a few minutes early the small restaurant was PACKED, and only our two seats at the bar were empty.

We were greeted immediately by the lovely, friendly hostess and seated. We had forgotten a bottle of wine we planned on having with our courses, but in the end the seven course feast of delicious, rich French cuisine was more than enough to send us into a drunken-like state. All of the servers were nice, and each dish was described to us by a different server succinctly and beautifully. 

We started with their homemade baguette and imported butter, both of which were surprisingly exceptional (I'm not a bread and butter person, but this was REALLY good). a roasted, smoky eggplant soup with a dollop of olive tapenade to add some necessary saltiness. The soup of velvety, and a fairly large portion to begin with compared to what the regular Sunday prix fixe soup serving was that I saw being served throughout the rest of the dining room. We then were served two different dishes: I had the tuna tartare, which was light, fresh and served with a raspberry coulis that was the perfect sweet-tart flavor to brighten up an otherwise standard appetizer. My husband was served the wild boar pate with an apricot-whole grain mustard sauce, which he loved and barely gave me a bite of! 

Our next course was a small serving of the sea scallops, perfectly seared and fork tender, served atop a roasted beet puree (the chef told us he made it with coconut milk!) with toasted hazelnuts in brown butter, slices of green papaya and pea shoots. I wanted to lick that plate clean, the sweet and savory flavors just danced with each small bite. Then the true gluttony commenced: the foie gras plate! We each were served our own piece of foie gras atop their signature pumpkin bread with two balls of saffron spiced pear, and shared the foie gras creme brulee topped with pineapple rhubarb compote. The foie gras was perfectly seared and creamy, and paired incredibly well with the pumpkin bread underneath. The sweetness of the pineapple rhubarb was the perfect combination of sweet and salty. But so rich! We weren't sure if we would be able to eat any more food...but of course we did, it was all so delicious! While waiting for the next course, I was telling my husband about their notable menu items, particularly the bone marrow and how it's so popular they tend to run out later in the evening, and lo and behold what is our next course? Bone marrow! Tossed with bread crumbs, chanterelle mushrooms, herbs, and stuffed back in the bone before being roasted, it was still bubbling when it was placed on the counter. Super tasty, with pieces of roasted fingerling potatoes, and lightly dressed greens to cleanse the palate after such rich food. Our entree was a new addition to their menu - the filet mignon. A classic french dish served with the perfect stack of potato gratin (thin layers, crunchy and creamy at the same time), sauteed baby kale, and a red wine reduction - but this was better than any filet mignon either of us had ever had. EVER. EVER!!! The cut was so tender and perfectly cooked, I barely needed the steak knife to cut into it, my fork could pull it apart on it's own.

Dessert was the icing on the cake: pistachio creme brulee (perfect, of course) with a little shortbread cookie, their famous "Floating Island" meringue with goat cheese creme anglaise and almond croquant bits on top, and a little plate of coconut macaroons and meringues to go with our peppermint tea. Perfect? Oh indeed. And yes, Chef Ron Fougeray came out from the kitchen to speak with each and every table to ensure that they had enjoyed their experience that evening, and he was pleased to hear that his new filet mignon dish was in fact the best my husband had ever had in his life. He is a lovely, soft spoken, introverted chef, and it was so nice to speak with him for even a few minutes out of his busy schedule. Cash only - but at only $70pp for the tasting menu, it's a real deal since you get to try so many of their signature menu items. We will definitely be back - I didn't get to have the escargot yet!
Chef Pierre Calmels is a culinary genius.

If you're looking for authentic french cuisine, Bibou is where it's at. The executive chef here is actually french. A very humble and personable man, he greets and introduce himself to every one of his guests.

The food was delicious. I highly recommend the foi gras as an app here. It was cooked perfectly. Probably one of the best I ever had in the city, next to Matyson's. 

If you're looking for romantic, "off the beaten path," gourmet, special occasion, looking to impress, etc.  This is your place!

Warning- Make sure you make reservations far, far, far in advance.
I don't count myself a fan of French cuisine. But I am a big fan of Bibou. My gf and I came here for the prix fixe on the Sunday after Valentine's Day. (Please note that you should make reservations over the phone; you'll never get a decent time on Opentable.) Every dish was a hit, but my favorite was the foie-gras appetizer which was served over a slightly charred piece of pumpkin bread with a side of savory custard. If I had to choose a weakest dish, I would choose the pig's feet with foie gras, which I found a bit heavy (maybe because I had just stuffed myself with the foie gras appetizer!) and a bit dry -- which was surprising because the Chinese-style pig's feet I've had in the past is very fatty and succulent. For dessert, we had a saucer-sized upside down cake with caramelized bananas and something called the floating-island, an extremely light merengue (the "island") floating in a cup of cream. Both were excellent.

The service was also spot-on. The server answered all our questions about the menu and checked on us with just the right frequency. We asked for the chef to sign our menu, which he did graciuosly. (Actually, it was the sous-chef; it was a little late by the time we finished the meal, and the chief chef had already left.) I left with a deep sense of gastronomic contentment. Thank you, Bibou!
I have never had a good experience with French Cuisine, which to most must seem very odd and strange. But ultimately it is the situation dealt to me. However, for the first time in a long time I was pleasantly surprised by Bibou. Of course I went for what everyone seems to be going for which is the classic Pieds de porc au foie, with a Steak Tartare as appetizer. 

I loved how the chef did not try to cater to anything remotely close to an American palate, and even has his wait staff make sure they give fair warning it is a "fatty" dish. While I would say it wasn't as fatty as I had thought it might have been, it would certainly be considered as such to the uninitiated. However, the dish accompanied with mung beans was a perfect contrast of texture. 

The place is certainly a very cozy, warming, and intimate environment. With the wait staff attending to your every need, one almost feels the chef is cooking for his close friend and family in the kitchen rather than for a large group indifferent customers.
Don't believe the hype.  Extremely underwhelming, especially considering the many great reviews on yelp.  This place does not seem French but an American attempt at French that was more of a miss than a hit.

* Service:  Disorganized, uncomfortable *

We were made to wait 20 minutes for our 9:30 reservation.  Had to wait on the sidewalk.  My friend was freezing.  Not a pleasant way to start a meal.  The hostess came outside and said that a table of four just paid their check, but was dragging their heels and the chef was going to make his way over to encourage them to wrap things up.  Yes, I wanted my table, but that is just wrong and rude to rush another party out the door.   A good French meal should be one where you can linger for a while before getting the boot.  I feel badly that the table before us was shooed away, and of course, when the chef came to our table at the end of the meal I wondered if this too was our signal to scram because we were one of the last tables in the restaurant.  Our waiter had already left without saying goodbye.  Did they want us to leave so they could clean and close?  We had been in the restaurant just an hour and a half, which is not very long for three courses of French food.

This restaurant is small.  I feel they probably try to turn over too many tables in one night to maximize profit, but it really sacrifices the ability to enjoy the meal.  They use their size as an excuse for the tight timing, but really it is their fault if they cannot figure out how to best run their reservations without making people wait in the cold for a table or hurrying you through your dining experience. 

* Atmosphere: Lacking *

I like that the decor is simple and unpretentious.  But they could use some bit of atmosphere.  From the lighting to the icky green walls, nothing about this place was inviting nor relaxing.  I certainly would not come here for a romantic date.

* Dietary Accommodations: Excellent *

My husband is seriously allergic to dairy.  The staff and chef bent over backwards to make many adjustments to his food, bringing sauces on the side, altering the preparation of dishes.  They never made us feel like it was a drag to have to accommodate his allergy.  It was very much appreciated and noticed by all at the table. 

* Food: Meh. *

Nothing was memorable, except the butter that came with the bread.  The gravlax tasted like something I could have whipped up easily in my own kitchen.  The seared foie gras was good, but the custard was so heavy and unbalanced in flavor I found it inedible.  And how can a French inspired restaurant not offer a salad anywhere on their menu?

My friend enjoyed her scallops.  My husband like his fish.  Two of us didn't finish our entrees. (Both lamb loin.)  The flavors were average, nothing married together, the veggies were all kinds of wrong - some very tough and woody, and they seemed thrown together because they might sound interesting on a menu along with caper berries but were not actually great to eat.  

* Dessert: What the hell? *

Perhaps it was the preface of the chef coming to our table and telling us he is not very good at making desserts.  What a downer.  He said his skills have vastly improved in 5 years.  I'd hate to taste those desserts a few years ago because we found ours inedible.  This happens to have been the third time in a month and a half that I have been at a restaurant serving floating islands - ouefs ala niege.  So I thought why not go for three.  This tasted like a Disneyland version of French dessert.  The egg whites were heavy and sticky instead of light and fluffy, as they should be.   It was so overly sweetened, so sickeningly sugary, that the creme anglaise seemed like a bottled Nesquick drink.  Between the four of us, we could not finish half the dessert.  If your pastry skills are that lacking, wouldn't you hire a pastry chef or have your desserts brought in?

I am confused about all the glowing reviews of this place.  I wonder if they are from people who have never eaten French food before.  I would not avoid eating here if I had friends who invited us to dine with them, but I would not go back to this place on my own volition.  Certainly there must be better French inspired restaurants on Philly, and if not, I'd rather hop the train to NY.  I was disappointed that our friends who came with us were from Chicago, considering moving to Philly, and had such a negative impression of the food scene here.
I want to take Charlotte and Pierre home in my pocket and hug them forever.

Came in for dinner with my family Saturday night. My parents have struck up a nice little friendship with the Calmels, which I'm told was aided by a review my cousin wrote for the New York Times Magazine. Regardless, this experience was more than pleasant. The food was incredible, as usual. Pierre sent out a cheese plate and some macaroons for us. The servers were fantastic.

Both Pierre and Charlotte stopped by our table a few times to chat. My parents talked shop with Pierre about the lobster bisque, and I jokingly said that my dad was asking Pierre to tell all of his secrets. Pierre goes on to say how he has no secrets and is more than happy to share recipes. He says no one recipe ever comes out the same for different people making it. 

I'm making all of my dates take me here in the future.
I'm in love.
Maybe my expectations were too great or the kitchen was having an off night, but I didn't find the food to be amazing - or even great.  It was good: there were some hits and some large misses.  

The terrine of pheasant, pork, and venison was actually blander than I thought it would be.  The parsnip soup was also fairly bland, with the duck extremely salty.  The chantrelle mushroom special ($12) was the best of the starters.  Garlicky and delicious.  

The entrees fared a bit better. 

Note:  I had the pig's feet.  I had heard (from Yelpers and otherwise) that this was their signature dish and, although I don't love fois gras, I went for it.  I thought the lentils were quite good, if too salty, but the texture of the foot was gooey, slimey, and (oddly) lacked in flavor.  The pieces of meat I picked out of the foot were nice.  Still, I feel wrong to complain as I ordered something I probably wouldn't like anywhere else, anyway.  If you don't mind gooey, "odd" foods and dig pork flavor you might love this!

The steak was good.  Cooked correctly.  Nice asparagus.  A very "safe" dish for the pickier eaters in your group.  

The scallops...oh boy.  They were cooked perfectly medium rare.  The risotto was very heavy handed with onion, which I liked and the rest of my group did not.  I thought it complemented the scallops well.  What I didn't like was that the risotto was undercooked.  Not al dente, but stick-to-your-teeth-when-you-bite-into-it undercooked.  Not all of the pasta was like this, either.  Maybe half.  Still, the scallops were phenomenal and this was the best entree for me.

I didn't try any dessert.

Overall, I'll be back as Chef Calmels clearly has skill.  He also came out to our table to thank us for coming, ask us how we enjoyed dinner, etc.  His wife was also quite nice: effusive and eager to please.  

Our wines (a high end Bordeaux and a Gaja super tuscan) actually were the highlights...and that's what can happen at a BYO, for better or worse.  

Oh, next time I'm bringing a top white.  If the scallops are any indication of his ability with seafood, I'll be sitting pretty with turbot/skate/whatever he has on the menu.
I think what makes this place amazing, in addition to the delicious food, are the people. The chef's wife is hostess and immediately makes you feel at home, as does the wait staff.  If you think French restaurant and snobbery, well this place will change that feeling.  The small menu is adventurous but not over the top.
  
I've never had braised pig feet and wanted to try them but wasn't sure I'd like them enough for an entire entrée, so the hostess recommended that we try a half portion (served at the same time as the entrees.) This is what we did and although it was delicious, I was glad we took her advice.  Both appetizers, Escargots, snail ragout, Fava beans and mushrooms, flavored with tarragon and the Terrine, a Quail mousse with red cabbage salad, were delicious.  The hanger steak was very very good but "the winner" was the seared halibut fillet with cherry tomatoes and artichoke fricassee in a red wine sauce.  I've never had a better prepared or tasting fish entrée - anywhere!

With a shared cheese plate and one cup of amazing decaf coffee, the bill, before tip, came to around $105. This was one of the most enjoyable meals we've had in Philadelphia in a long time and definitely we will be back.  BYO - Cash Only
I'd heard about Bibou through my foodie social circles.  Actually it was probably just the Bibou owners trying to get "Reviewed by Fulgencio."  I'm onto you, Pierre Calmels!!

It took me forever to find Bibou, only because I try to stay as far away from Washington Street as humanly possibly.  But when I finally found this charming little BYOB (almost as small as Little Fish!) I was hustled to my table by a beautiful hostess.

BYOB means I get to bring my own bottle, so hEllO, I came prepared.  As I was forced to wait a whole three minutes for my date to arrive, I chatted with some stuffy French guy who seemed incapable of smiling.  hEllO, this is Fulgencio you're talking to.  The least I can get is a compliment about my hair, or my radiating tan.

I was starving by the time my date arrived.  Did I mention I had to wait 3 minutes?  But it was a Make-A-Wish thing... he was poor or handicapped or something, and so I was obligated to stay.  Or maybe he just worked for Make-A-Wish.  I forget.  So anyway, the menus come and I can tell I'm in love with Bibou because I can't understand a single word.

I ordered the foie gras (of cOUrSe), and the pan-seared scallops as my main course.  Then I suffered through fifteen minutes of my date talking about what it's like to "help people" for a living.  Oh.  My God.  Someone shoot me now.  Unfortunately Bibou's bread isn't as delicious as its foie gras, so my belly wasn't satisfied until the appetizer arrived.

And the scallops?  Delicious.  The parsnip puree was just a fabulous addition.  Some of the best scallops I've had in my life.  And believe me, I've had my fair share.

I wasn't going to order dessert until our friendly server said the magic word: pistachio ice cream.  hEllO, that's like my favorite thing ever.  Between that and my goody-two-shoes date who ordered crème brulee and some cranberry pie, our table was packed with sweets.  I'll admit, I "sampled" all three.  But I needed a sugar high to get me through this nightmare date.  All he talked about was world peace and Sudan.  And who's Sudan anyway?  Is that like a pop couple, like... Brangelina ... or Speidi?  This Sudan couple sounds wild, and I think it's time for them to break up.

After dinner I left our bottle's last glass for the owner, who I'd chatted with throughout the night.  Generous?  Hell no, I was trying to ride outta there.  This Make-A-Wish date was O-V-E-R, and I needed to get as far away from Washington Street as possible.  Was Bibou worth the trip?  Absolutely.  A must for Philadelphia foodies.

This has been a Review by Fulgencio
Had a private event here (had to close the restaurant due to the intimate space setting). Pierre, Charlotte and their staff did an excellent job!! 

Food and service were outstanding!! 

Highly recommended for authentic French cuisine!!
I was so very looking forward to trying probably the most talked about French restaurant in the city in Bibou. I really wanted to try it before they went to the tasting menu only format. My fiance and I headed down one evening with a nice bottle of French wine and were very excited about a nice evening. Unfortunately, the evening didnt go as well as we had hoped it would.

Through no fault of the restaurant, we were seated near an obnoxiously loud table of people that seemed as though they were regulars. I understand that you may go this plac emore than me, but that doesnt give you the right to be obnoxiously loud and talk about inappropriate things very loudly just because you have eaten here more often than me. Just complete trash. That being said we were seated in a corner table in the front of the restaurant with a very nice view, so that was a great start. The menu looked amazing. They had so many dishes I had never seen at other French restaurants in the city, so I was super excited to try some of them. The authenticity of this place definitely seemed to be off the charts. For our meal, we decided to order the escargot, a special they had of the evening of a seafood mousse, the stuffed pigs foot and the veal dish. 

The escargots was in a completely different form than I am used to, but in a completely good way. It came beauitfully presented in a snail shell dish, with fava beans and mushrooms and a delicious broth that definitely deviated from the regular herb butter I have had at other places. THe snails were probably the most tender I have had anywhere and the entire dish was tasty. The seafood mousse was probably the best thing we ate all night. It was absolutely fantastic. The texture of flavor of it were just insane. It was like a savory panna cotta. It had such a deep seafood flavor, it was really a spectacular dish. 

Our main courses didnt quite fair as well. They were good, just not as much of stars as our appetizers were. The stuffed pigs foot with foie gras and lentils was a very tasty dish. It was rich, as a lot of French food is, but the flavor was great. I think I was expecting the exterior to be a bit more crispy, but it was a very nicely executed dish. The veal dish was nothing special. The veal wasnt particularly well cooked, but the sauce that was served with it was quite flavorful. The vegetable medley it was served with and the polentaesque square served with the veal was nice as well. 

The dessert choices were pretty lacking, but we decided on their signature dessert, the floating island, a meringue floating in a sea of creme anglaise. The meringue was pretty crunchy and the creamy anglaise was delicious as well. It was a cool presentation and a very good dessert. It was very light, so a perfect ending to a pretty heavy meal.

Everything had been good from our server, but this is where it got weird. Bibou is cash only. No problem, I brought cash with me. I cant remember how much the bill was exactly, but I know I needed change to give the proper tip because an additional 20 wouldnt have covered it and that was all I had. I gave the check and money to our waiter and I said I will need some change. He said ok, walked away, but then proceeded to return to our table and say, you are going to leave a tip arent you? What the hell is that? I was kind of caught of guard by this, because there was no reason for this question. Nothing had gone wrong during our meal, so the only thing I can think of for why this was asked was that we are fairly young. I tip and I tip well, and I really dont appreciate being questioned like that. In what world is it ok for a server to ask that question? I think he realized he made a mistake though, because he decided not to bring us back our check, and had the hostess do that. I was so angry and I just wanted to get out of there, that I didnt say something to the hostess. I know I should have, and I sent an email to restaurant afterwards, but it should have been done in person and at the exact time it happened. It really took away from our evening, and it was a shame because it had been a pretty good one up until then. 

I had this place on a pedestal before I ever set foot inside, and to be honest, it was not to the level I expected it to be. That isn't to say it wasn't good, it just wasn't as good as I expected it to be. Ive been to better restaurants in Philly that do not seem to get talked about as much. I will definitely be back to try the new tasting menu only format and to see if I can get a better server, but you will definitely eat some great food when you go there.
Oh Bibou. You've set a very high standard for fine dining in Philadelphia. My girlfriend and I went for her birthday.  If you use Open Table, be prepared to be on at midnight a month in advance of when you want to make a reservation, though it might be best to call instead (I used Open Table).  

Bibou's storefront is wholly unassuming-- possibly a converted corner home that has a humble sign with its signature "b."  It's next to a municipal parking lot on 8th St. just past Carpenter, so parking is a breeze.  As you enter, you realize that there may be 9 tables in the entire restaurant, and as you eat you're incredibly fortunate to sit at one.  

The hostess was incredibly polite, sat us immediately (even though we were a few minutes early), and the table was spotless.  One of our servers quickly filled our water glasses, opened our wine (it's BYOB!!!), gave us our menus, and brought us a lovely sliced baguette.  we had a moment to realize just how delightfully the place is decorated, with little French accents.  Along with the menu, the server informed us of the specials for both first plates and the main course.  

We began with a fois gras duo and creamy risotto with shaved black truffle. First, I could not believe that these two dishes came out of the kitchen in less than 10 minutes.  It was such wonderful service; we were hardly ever left waiting.  The fois gras duo was amazing-- I've never had such high quality fois gras.  It was prepared as a mousse topped with an apricot gelatin (aspic?), and the other was seared with candied apricot and a pumpernickel-like bread soaked in an acidic liquid. Great contrast, and an excellent application of fois gras. The risotto receives equally high marks. The arborio rice was cooked to perfection with a creamy broth of stock and mascarpone adding to the richness. The best part was that four or five pieces of shaved black truffle topped the dish. It was the most rich, flavorful risotto I have ever had.  What a great start.

The Plats Principaux were also phenomenal. My girlfriend had a sauteed softshell crab on a buckwheat pancake, salad and moutarde.  The buckwheat pancake was so light and airy, but it packed so much flavor. The softshell crab was flavored delicately, but  it let the crab flavor shine through- so tasty!   My pied de porc (pig's foot) with lentil "du puy" was incredibly rich and packed with, what else, fois gras.  I have only had pickled pigs' feet at my grandmother's behest 20 years ago.  This was completely different and so incredible. The pork was deboned and melted in your mouth. The lentils were cooked to perfection with petit carrot brunoise and chopped bacon (real bacon).  I loved every bite.

For dessert, the strawberry-rhubarb pie with a merengue top was mindblowingly good. My lemon verbena creme brulee had perfect texture, but I think the lemon gave it a slightly bitter flavor and didn't have enough sugar to get through the richness of my first two dishes.  To end, they brought my girlfriend two macarons with a candle for her birthday (both delicious).  During the night, the chef came over and greeted us, talked for a bit, explained some of the dishes, and was so sincerely cordial.  It was an unbelievable experience all around.  I would give it 8 stars if I could, but five will have to do.
Sometimes a memorable meal can only be accurately described by resorting to poetry.

Therefore, I present you with a haiku, entitled: "So close, yet so far (Bibou)"

Charlotte: Faire la bise
Pierre: Pieds de porc au foie
Me: Forgot my wine!

[For those of you who have forgotten your high school French:

Faire la bise -- The French custom of greating by exchanging air kisses on the cheeks (can be either 1, 2, or 3 cheeks, depending on which region of France you are in).  If you are a regular, Charlotte will do this, so you had better practice beforehand (2 kisses)!

Pieds de porc au foie -- One of Chef Pierre's signature dishes, pig trotters stuffed with foie gras, which is about as French as you can get]

For my previous, slightly more in-depth but less poetic reviews of Bibou, click below...
Traditional French restaurant with an awesome ambiance, that's BYOW. It's not pretentious at all, and the service is fantastic. The menu rotates items pretty frequently. Reservations are booked weeks to months ahead so make sure to do that and request bone marrow when making them if that's something you want to try. There is also a municipal lot right next door for easy parking. 

For me, this restaurant was a let down, but to be fair, my expectations were high. Recommendations by friends who touted Bibou as one of the top restaurants in Philly, and the high Yelp reviews set a high bar. I tried this restaurant two times, and I wasn't blown away either time. 

What I've tried: 
Bread is delicious especially with warm butter if you ask them to heat it up for you
Seared foie gras - fantastic, best way to serve foie gras
Foie gras terrine & mousse - I much preferred the seared one the 1st time I went
Escargots - It was a little bland to me
Steak Tartare - Pretty standard
Bone Marrow - Didn't stand out to me. 
Lamp chops - Ordered medium rare, were over-cooked
Braised pork feet - The pork was a little dry and the lentils were only okay.
Duck breasts - Standard
Desserts - Unimpressed

Overall, it was a let down based on my expectations and I hope this review will tone down your expectations so you can be positively surprised. I may be willing to give it one more shot with the tasting menu.
Bibou came highly recommended by a good friend of mine who knows his French cuisine so my party of 6 decided to give it a go when we visited Philly from New York.  The restaurant was small but cozy and was pretty full when we were seated. As the meal went on we enjoyed the bread and escargot appetizers but once the meal was served things took a turn for the unsavory. I did not like what I ordered so decided not to eat it and share with a friend. When the waiter came to take the plates he asked me if anything was wrong with the food since he saw the barely touched meal. I told him I wasn't a fan of the flavor and that the mussels tasted as if they had gone bad but that I didn't want to complain and I shared some other meals. 

Within 5 minutes, the manager (chef's wife) came over to our table and proceeded to speak in French to a member of our party who spoke French. No one understood what they were saying but the woman was clearly agitated. Finally my French friend said, "Speak to them, they had the mussels" and pointed at me and another member of the party.

The woman then proceeded to come over in, and in her most condescending tone, tell us that if we didn't like the mussels then it must be because we don't know what mussels are supposed to taste like. I was shocked, especially because I hadn't sent the food back or complained. We apologized if we had offended her in any way and told her that we simply did not like them and that it was a matter of taste. 

She walked away and stood about twenty feet away from our table for the rest of the night, glaring at us. I spoke to my friend in Spanish and she yelled, across the restaurant, "I speak Spanish too, you know!" 

Regardless of the food, we definitely left the restaurant with a bad taste in our mouth. We will never recommend this place to anyone unless they want to try the mussels--with a side of French bitch on the side.
There are few times in dining where I am rendered emotionally moved, but Bibou was one of these rare experiences.

My partner did some research and we chose to dine during the second seating of their 7-course prix fixe tasting menu. Although we were initially concerned about the inability to make substitutions, we decided to adventure forth together. 

We arrived at 8:25 and were seated at 8:35. Our amuse bouche was a palate delight with our favorite being the bacon Lardon crostini with brown butter (if I remember correctly.)

While each course had its own merits, some stars include the creamy herbaceous risotto, the red wine sauce, the crispy quail, and all the bread to soak up the succulent sauces poured tableside with each course.

My only point of regret was the cheese plate. When offered a salad or rare French cheeses I chose the salad as my unrefined palate has yet to embrace the funky nuances of aged fromage. When my "salad" arrived, I felt as though I was being punished for choosing it over their fine cheese board. It was several leaves with olive oil and pepper. After an elaborate meal, I was expecting more than this miniscule arrangement of foliage. At the least, toss me a crouton!

My partner decided to take a walk on the wild side and embraced the cheese. When presented with the board the monsieur explained how each cheese was exceptionally old and rare in its own right. From a bourbon rinsed cheese, to a refined bleu, and then ending in the oldest cheese in France with beautiful accoutrements. He instantly shoveled the cheese into his mouth in an honest rookies mistake. He expression of pain that followed was priceless. To his credit, he tried each cheese but was unable to stomach the bold tastes. Our server was appalled at his full plate upon return, but smiled politely. We apologize for our lack of palate development...perhaps in 20 years we can unabashedly pile drive molten cheese with a certain je nais Se pas in a similar manner to the gentlemen seated perpendicular to us, but at the present time all we could both taste was funk.

The delightful meal culminated in a savory dessert and chocolates. We enjoyed our three hour unrushed dining extravaganza and would return for another 7-course affair.

*We loved the intimate atmosphere and highly attentive service.
"I HAVE THE POWER OF TEN DUCKS!!!" I bellowed mightily down 8th Street after our meal at Bibou. I have the strength of a team of ducks and it's because I dined on their hearts with maitake mushrooms.

 I actually don't know how many hearts were literally consumed, but I can tell you this- If that appetizer is offered when you go to Bibou, get it. It's so delicious. Every course we devoured was, and impeccably prepared.

 The pan-seared foie gras was just perfect as were the escargots with favas and tarragon. The boef with green peppercorns sauce was flawless as well. 

I had been so anxious to try Bibou after hearing so many accolades and after having just one of the most hideously disappointing days in recent memory we actually had one glorious stroke of luck that we were able to get a reservation off opentable. 

We got ourselves together, bought a couple of bottles of wine (BYOB), went to Bibou and experiened one of the most excellent meals ever.

 Service was wonderful. I could thesaurus-up every synonym for "perfect," to describe this place. And...I know that Pierre, the chef, stops by everyone's table, but it still made us feel like all specially. Also it was satisfying to be able to enthusiastically jabber about how much we adored our meal to the man himself who made it. 

Duck hearts, liver, handful of garden snails... Kinda sounds like the makings of a witch's brew, maybe there is some kinda spell involved... It's funny how duck hearts and liver and some garden snails seemed to make everything all better.
Outstanding! The best BYOB dining experience you can have in the city located in the italian market area. Be prepared and in the mood for an adventurous and savory meal!

Bibou is petite and has a very homey feel to it. There is room for about 30 customers at a time. Charlotte is the hostess and manager of the restaurant, as well as the wife of the Chef Pierre. A very gracious host and makes you feel instantly  welcome.

The menu changes quite often since it's ingredients primarily come fresh from the neighboring market. This is also allows the chef to pick out a number of specials each night that are absolutely spectacular.

Must Haves:
- The Bone Marrow. It comes in a hollowed out bone and can be best described as  the best thanksgiving stuffing you will ever it. I order a couple to share for the dinner party after appetizers and before entree.
-Seasonal soup. I have never had a bad soup! The last was a cream of wild mushroom with chunks of crab meat. 
-Foie gras: Again seasonal but always inventive and delicious. Make sure to bring your own bottle of sauterne dessert wine which pairs beautifully with this appetizer!

And last but not least...and don't say ew..
The foie gras stuffed, braised pigs feet over french lentils. Absolutely to die for! So much flavor makes this savory dish very unique to Bibou. I haven't come close to having anything like this in the rest of Philly, let alone in the US.
Having never been at Pif, I couldn't compare the decor, but to me, it was simple, neat and just what you need for a South Philly BYOB.

Called to let the lovely Charlotte that we were running late on our OpenTable reservation. After parking in the public lot right next to the restaurant (3 hour), we get seated right away.

Since it is Sunday, the full menu isnt available and we are offered a $45 prix-fixe menu consisting of an Amuse-Bouche, an appetizer (choice of Head Cheese Terrine, Escargots, or Seared Foie Gras), an entree (choice of Hangar Steak, Ahi Tuna, Duck Breast), and a dessert (choice of Chocolate cake, Apricot Tarte, Sorbet).

Charlotte tells me she can adjust it and be flexible about the whole thing and thus I inquire about the Braised Pigs Feet stuffed with Foie Gras. Score.

After choosing a bottle of Badoit (other choice is San Pellegrino for Sparkling), we start off with a Consomme (chilled squab broth). Very flavorful and a good intro to what's about to come.

My girlfriend and I both choose the Seared Foie Gras and I must say, after having done most of the places that serve it in Philly, this was my personal favorite. Served with Raspberries and Sliced Almonds as well as a lingot of what seemed to be cinnamon bread, the foie's flavor was really well complimented by the acidity of the berries and the almonds and the cinnamon bread added a more complex texture to the usual texture of the seared foie.

Came her Magret de Canard (duck breast - medium rare) on wild rice and my Braised Pigs Feet on French Lentils. I had actually never eaten pigs feet prepared this way. The texture is rather gelatinous with an outside crisp but the flavor is rich and smokey. Certainly a hearty dish, and I didnt finish my lentils as there was just so much of them. But this dish is the epitome of Chef Pierre Calmels' cuisine. Not your typical "Philly-French" cuisine. Highly recommended dish.

The magret was cooked perfectly and the sauce was right on point.

When it came to choosing a dessert, unfortunately, the big table (10) next to us (Le Bec-Fin employees I was told) grabbed the last chocolate desserts and so we were reduced to Sorbet or Apricot Tarte. I asked if it would be possible to get a cheese plate instead and Charlotte happily obliged. Sandy, my girlfriend, got the Apricot Tarte.

I was served three cheeses: one goat cheese, one from the Basque Country, and a "stinky" one. (Pardon the lack of cheese knowledge here. I enjoy cheese a lot but am by no means well educated in it)
Really enjoyed the Basque Country one.

Finally, we were asked if we wanted coffee, French Pressed Coffee, or Espresso. Opted for a rather excellent Espresso (Forgot to ask what coffee they serve).

Chef Pierre and Charlotte proceeded to do their round of the tables and we got to discuss their first month and the dinner. 
We were informed that a Tasting Menu would be available every night (7 dishes for $70), that they were planning a Foie Gras and an Oyster Dinner, much like their previous Escargot Dinner (which was 5 courses for $55).

Going back this Saturday for a birthday party of 8, but from what I saw tonight, the place is more than ready for big parties.
The restaurant is easy to miss in the neighborhood. There's a free lot next door but we had to wait for the first seating to finish before we could get a spot. The menu changes weekly. 

Our dinner was for my sisters bday and they brought special treats for her with a bday candle at the end. The seven courses were amazing although I still don't think I'll be craving foie gras anytime soon. The staff and chef were friendly and put us st ease. 

Pace yourself for about a 2-3hr dinner though, and bring your appetite.
Buddakan or Bibou?  I was leaning towards Buddakan because I had a wonderful experience the night before at its sister Steve Starr restaurant, "Morimoto".  However, upon doing some due diligence about Bibou, I discovered that Robert Parker of the Wine Advocate, arguably one of the two top wine connoisseurs in the world (along with Stephen Tanzer), made the claim that this was the best bone marrow dish he had in his life.  Hearing this, I had no choice but to cancel all my dinner plans and go over to this establishment.

Wow. Wow. Wow.  From the moment my bone marrow dish came out till the moment I left the restaurant, I chanted these words...perhaps around 100 times..and I was completely awestruck..to the point where I almost lost consciousness eating  the food. Arguably, this may be one of the dishes where I will not find a better dish like this for the rest of my life. 

Food:   So what is so special about this dish?  For those who may be misled like myself, the dish is not really "bone marrow," but is more on the lines of  a "stuffed marrow".  I didn't quite get the full instructions as to how this is cooked, but from the bits and pieces I gather, the blood in the bone marrow is drained overnight and is filled with stuffing and baked.  The marrow melts and gets absorbed by the stuffing and viola! You have one helluva crispy stuffing.  Of course it's easier said than done ^_^

The other dishes that my coworker and I had were the Escargot, Foie Gras.  I found the Escargot to be a bit on the bland side and the edamame that accompanied it reinforced such thoughts.  Foie Gras ..well is a typical foie gras dish, but was accompanied by a Creme Brulee side that was an interesting version of what we normally know of...the dish was not sweet and was a tad bit burned on the top.  However, sadly to say, these dishes were all overshadowed by the wonderful bone marrow dish.

Service:  Fantastic service.  The chef and his wife goes around the entire restaurant and has a conversation with each table for a good 10-15 minutes.  I heard the stories of Robert Parker, the history of the restaurant, and a detailed preparation process of the bone marrow from the chef.  Needless to say, I was enthralled by the service.

Regrets:  It is a very non-pretentious atmosphere for a place that caters to people who are serious wine connoisseurs.  $500-$1000 French bordeaux wines everywhere...yep that's what people bring to drink here (BYOB).  As for myself, being an out of towner who never expected this, I had to go to the local wine shop to pick up a $12 bottle of Argentinian Malbec.  If anything, that was the biggest regret of the night. I wish I had a better bottle of wine sigh.

I was extremely fortunate to snag a reservation 1hr before my meal on a Wednesday night and I am absolutely, positively certain that I will return here with a very very nice bottle of wine to accommodate my meal in the future.

6* for the bone marrow dish and for the restaurant.  This is a must-go restaurant in the Philly area.  Just remember to place your reservations ahead of time and request a bone marrow.  They only serve 10 a night and if those go, that's it.
Overall I think this was a decent restaurant for the price, albeit overhyped. I think the raves on here and month long wait is more because there are so few decent French places in Philly (and 2/3 of Americans don't have passports) than because this place is so phenomenal. I also think people may feel weird giving non-5 ratings to a restaurant where they spent over $50 per head and waited a month to get in.

The soup was flavorful but it was odd that they asked us whether we wanted them to heat it up. I realize there is nothing wrong with storing soup cold, but I like to think it is a hot soup which may have been freshly cooked and was kept simmering instead of being reheated to order, even if that is what all restaurants do anyway.

I did not like the dumpling with white fish mouse inside. Especially after it cooled down a little, it's blandness and spongy consistency reminded me of the low-grade Chinese fish cakes or fish balls which are omnipresent in Singapore. I don't like them there either even when they are 1/10th of the price.

The goat cheese tomato appetizer was great, as was the bread and butter. The filet mignon was outstanding although the portion of sweet potato gratin was a little small.

The chocolate fondant was decent but nothing to write home about. The complimentary coconut macaroons were probably better. The coffee was on point. The blood orange gelato tasted oddly like an antique store smells.

We ordered four courses. Evidently the European spirit of the place does not extend to allowing guests to linger at their table over dessert, because we had a 5pm reservation and the waitress asked us to leave at 7:20, saying that their 7pm party had arrived. Then we hurried up to leave and awkwardly brushed past the visibly (and justifiably) annoyed 7pm party as we took turns walking through the front door. There has to be a way to avoid that, as it really ruins the mood after a good and not-cheap meal. I am not wholly convinced by the "we're a small place" excuse. I suppose it was on us to ask beforehand when the next party would arrive.
A Romantic French restaurant that tantalizes your taste buds . The chef and the staff are attentive catering to the whole experience. Each and every plate complimenting the plate before . The chef came out at spoke to each table...such a treat
A mom and pop haute cuisine shop. Hey that rhymes! 

The first thing that stood out to me was the small, yet homey feel of the place. Although its commercial property, theres also a residential feel. The service was definitely on par with Michelin star status. There were two servers in particular that watched over my table from afar like a hawk. Every moment I moved my plate or got down to a third of my glass, they were there to immediately accommodate.  

The amuse bouche were superb. The thing I noticed was each item had one strong ingredient with every other item only elevating that specific flavor. The brioche with foie gras mouse mostly had a buttery taste. The shrimp had a lovely seafood taste, but the other items didn't pop but rather pushed the main flavor. This isn't to say I didn't like it, but rather a pattern I noticed.  

The bouef was a nice dish where the roastbeef-like meat was paired well with pickled veggies and cured yolk.  

The crab melon was a great concept that's main goal was staying light and refreshing. I would have liked to see a stronger crab taste, but that's usually how French cuisine is: more conservative than bold. I felt there could have been either more pieces of melon or less crab soup. Once I ate through the melon, I felt I was left with a disproportionate amount of soup. The Thai basil was a lovely touch.  

The Arctic char was fantastic. The fish, caviar, and verbena blended all well together while standing out separately. The verbana emulsion was a great way to add flavor while giving this airy mouthfeel, as if my food had washed up right on the shore! Every bite had a strong, lasting flavor well after I was done eating it.  

For the foie gras, there was this lovely tag team of corn and almond that I would normally scoff at, but this was well executed. The sweet mealiness of the almond emulsion and corn purée and cornbread worked. Along with the light accent notes of saltiness vinegar from the green almonds. The plum soaked in sake was such a good idea. An earthy sweetness that had a boozy backdrop. In a weird way, I feel like this is how native americans would have made foie gras (especially if there was squash or turkey thrown in the mix.) 

They brought out this palate cleanser that was fancy water ice made of rosé and lychee. IIt did the job and had a pleasant taste.  

The duck was probably my least favorite item. Not because it was terrible, but because it didn't have much flavor. The sauce was nice, but I was hoping the duck would have a pronounced  flavor. The texture was just right though, where its tender but still has some density.  

The peach souffle was fantastic!! Maybe one of the best souffles Ive had in structure and taste. The peach flavor was ripe and sweet, with a full body peach taste. The souffle itself was beautiful in its crystallized edge and flawless geometric shape. With every stab of my spoon, I felt I was ruining something beautiful. The eggy, sugary outside was a real treat. The sweetness level was definitely European, yet was still pronounced enough to be bold in flavor.  

I admit, this place is quite conservative and stuffy at times because of the formal appearance and stoic servers. But theres still a charm to it, from the mom and pop feel, to  especially the menu. I wouldn't put this as an absolute must for visitors to come here, but for locals, I highly recommend it.
bibou is one of the best dining experiences I have had in Philadelphia. Hands down.

Bread & Butter: Others have said it before, but their butter...proof that something DOES taste way better than skinny feels.

White Bean Coco soup: creamy yet light, well balanced flavors, and great textures between the creamy base and the pieces of coconut.

Foie gras: Foie-gasmic

Veal Sweetbreads: Properly seared and cooked to perfection. Sweeeet.

Lavender Creme Brulee: Delicate balance between a sweet custard and its floral friend masterfully achieved. 

Service & Ambiance was inviting, hospitable, and utterly efficient.  Before we knew it, out wine glasses were replenished. Our bread basket was refilled without having to ask for it. That's a feat, mon ami.

Chef Calmel's comes out toward the end of your meal to greet you and ask you how your meal was.  We had nothing to say other than, "It was great, delicious, amazing, etc," but he seems like the kind of man who would entertain a few inquiries from a curious diner.

Absolutely, positively a must -do Philadelphia dining experience.  I am relocating in June to the left coast and I will be back at LEAST once.  DO IT.
2 Chainz has said repeatedly said that all he wants for his birthday is a big booty hoe. Prior to 2008 I would have said the same thing but now that I've already got one I never know what I want when December 11th rolls around. 

The Friday of my birthday rolled around and all I knew was that boo was taking me to dinner and the reservation was made more than a month prior and the earliest available was 9:30. Was it Vetri? Le Bec? It couldn't be! And when she told me it was a BYO, Bibou I guested? Nope (she lied). 

We arrived at 9:20 on a cold December night and I was ecstatic. There was a group waiting in the doorway so we had to wait on the cold sidewalk but my adrenaline was pumping knowing an amazing meal was moments away. 

We were sat around 9:40. Our waited poured our wine and gave us time to look over the menu. When he came back he asked if we had any questions and then told us the specials. I really wanted the fabled escargot but the special app was truffled risotto and I couldn't turn the killer combo. 

Our appetizers came about ten to fifteen minutes later and my risotto had truffle shavings on top. Much more impressive than when I put truffle salt on popcorn and act like it fancy. It was creamy, delicious, and gone way too fast. 

After a few more wine refills the waiter took our entree order. I was pretty disappointed that the marrow wasn't on the menu but I'd convinced myself the rabbit was just as good. Except I didn't have to go with the rabbit because our waiter informed us the marrow was on special and there were two left. Booyah!! Give me dat marrow monsieur!!

After 20 minutes or so our meals arrived. The marrow comes mixed with a light stuffing inside a cow femur. It was a bit more gamey than I had expected but not in a bad way, I just didn't see it coming. The more I ate the more my pallet adjusted and the deeper entranced i became in the buttery flavor. I told our waiter if Bibou was even a tiny bit less fancy I would have licked that bone like a hyena in the elephant graveyard. 

Dessert has fine along with our coffee but what stood out to me almost as much as the food was how much everyone at Bibou wanted to make sure we were relaxed and enjoying our experience. Despite new patrons waiting at 10 o'clock we never felt rushed in the least. The chef / owner stopped by the table before we left to chat which was awesome. I told him that I wanted to try the rabbit next time but by the time we got a reservation the season would have changed and it wouldn't be on the menu. It was a joke but it was also true. 

P.S. Bibou is a slang French term for someone that is constantly drunk and always has a bottle up to their face like a baby (or any one of my college friends)
We arrived very late for dinner (9:30pm) so they were out of a lot of specials like their dover sole/branzino, bone marrow, sweetbread (really wanted to try sweetbread!).

The restaurant is very intimate: seats around 30 people. BYOB makes the place very affordable. The price is extremely reasonable. For 3 course meals with sparkling water, coffee...it was about $55 per person including tax and tip. If this place were in NYC, it would easily cost double. 5 stars for value for sure.

The seared foie and scallops were excellent. The pig foot dish was a bit too mushy for me (I am used to the Korean steamed version which is a bit chewier) but still nicely flavored. Also I found the escargo to be too soft although the flavor was good.

Overall ALL the dishes were nicely flavored...especially the sauces were seasoned just right: not too salty, not too bland, just right. And the portions were just perfect amount for a 3-course-meal.

At the end of the meal, the chef came out and talked to us for a bit: a bit of extra caring touch to the meal. (I love when they do that!). I would definitely come back.
When a friend invited us for her bithday to dine with her at Bibou. I was excited. I had wanted to try this highly starred resturant for a while. Unfortunately my meal and experience was so lack luster that i wish I was still waiting to try it.
I don't think it is too harsh to describe the food as subpar. The escargot were bland, in a brown sauce that did nothing for them. The scallops were very very salty, they were really yucky, actually. The chocolate cake was as dry as possible and still be considerd cake.
The service was fine, but the waiter takes your bottle away and is slow to return for refills.
It was early on a Sunday night, and the place was filled with silverbacks, so maybe they were off their game.
French food has this reputation for being unapproachable and effete. Maybe deservedly so. In America, we measure entrees by the pound, and they damn well better come with two sides, and one of those better be a pile of potatoes. 

Bibou goes to great lengths to make French fare friendly without pandering to American food conventions. No Freedom Fries on the side here.   

The formula for accomplishing this feat is one part first-class hospitality and one part superbly executed cuisine. The offerings on Pierre Calmel's chef's tasting were not only challenging to the palette but rewarding for the adventure. When a former executive chef from Le Bec Fin says "try this on for size", you listen to the man.

Each of the seven courses was unique, delicate, balanced, exquisitely flavorul, and surprisingly simple. This, given the fact that we encountered such mysteries as foie gras, bone marrow and sweetbreads. 

Charlotte, the hostess who doubles as Pierre's wife was sweet and welcoming. She spent the time to chat with us, was genuinely interested in conversation,  and made our experience warm and memorable. Note to self: She deserves personal thanks.

I would recommend Bibou to anyone who has a curiosity for French, a stomache for adventure, and a need to step outside the conventions of everyday dining.
This intimate BYO is special in every aspect of the meal. I went a while back for an anniversary meal with my girlfriend and it met the expectations of the occasion. First off, the space is charming and cozy but with enough room between tables as to not feel cramped. 

The service is also excellent. with a 7 course tasting menu as the only option for diners with 2 amuse bouches it is very important to time and coordinate each aspect of the meal well without being overbearing, and the staff did just that. They did not make the meal feel rushed or too slow which is a very difficult feat.

Most importantly, the food was outstanding. The meal started with an amuse bouche of avocado tempura, a nice citrusy bite of fluke sashimi and a tuna tartare on a small rice cracker to set the meal off right.

From there, one highlight was the burgundy truffle scrambled egg which was visually stunning as it came inside of the egg shell with a nice piece of truffle covering the small opening in the egg. The earthy flavors and silky texture of the eggs worked quite nicely.

Another favorite was the pumpkin bread with foie gras with fuyu persimmon and a red wine duck sauce. The savoriness, fattiness, and saltiness of the whipped foie gras beautifully met the flavors of the subtle pumpkin bread. The balance between the two flavors surprised me as the flavor of pumpkin spice did not overwhelm me and I am not generally a pumpkin fan. The red wine duck sauce reduction raised the bar further, adding an element of tanginess to the dish.

The main proteins were a yellow corvina skewered with rosemary that came with radish and was served in a shrimp consommé that was decadent and interesting, and a duo of rabbit featuring both saddle and leg with a nice parsley root puree that was served in a beautifully rich natural jus.

The dessert was a decadent profiterole that was very nicely prepared, but admittedly was not the most overwhelming part of the night's fare. The chef also came out and greeted us at the end of and seemed to be in great spirits which is always nice to see as a diner.


Overall it was a wonderful meal that made the occasion even more special. Be sure to bring a nice bottle of wine if you'd like to indulge as the restaurant is BYO. Also it is a cash only $100pp prix fixe (excluding tax and gratuity) so be sure to plan accordingly. Highly recommend for special occasions and if you're craving fine dining. Be sure to make a reservation in advance, though, tables here are hard to come by last minute (with good reason)!
Was so incredibly lucky to experience Bibou with friends who have been many times and know the staff well. 

This is absolutely one of the best (if not the best) meal I have had in Philadelphia! The staff was friendly, helpful, and lovely, the ambiance is simple & elegant, and the food is incredible! 

We were lucky enough to pick up a table after a cancellation and spent almost 3 hours enjoying our meal. The staff never rushes you, the food comes out when it should and the plates are taken when they should. 

The menu is not vegetarian friendly, but I bet with some advance warning, the chef would figure something out.
You cannot go wrong with Bibou, if you can get a seat! Better get on opentable early :)

First of all, BYOB!! Don't forget to pick one up and have to ask your friend to get you a bottle 20 minutes before liquor stores close (ahem @Roland B). 

Nice little restaurant, nothing extravagant. Very clean. 

The food here is what you're here for, though. Please do yourself and your taste buds a favor and order the foie gras. It's pumpkin season, so they have their awesome bread with the foie (droooool). I've been here twice and every single dish I've ordered/sampled was excellent. If you get there early enough, you might be able to get your hands on some bone marrow. 

Save some room for dessert! Order the creme brulee. 

Can't wait to go back, hopefully on a Sunday for their $45 prix-fixe menu. 

Bon appetit!!
I nearly opened the door in the face of the older french waiter when I barged into the restaurant worried that my constantly late friend and I would miss our reservation. My purse was in front of me as I walked in and nearly knocked out the wait staff. The waiter, unfazed, pointed to my outstretched purse and asked "Oh then is this for me?" Hohoho deadpanning/charming older french man, thanks for helping me regain my bearings even though I nearly slammed a door against you. He led me to my table and continued to be charming/helpful throughout the evening.

This was my second time here after many years and the food/service has held up just as well as I had remembered. I had the escargot, cobia, and floating island while my friend had the foie gras, bone marrow, and flan. Everything was amazingly well done. A nice bottle of wine was split between us and by the end of the night we were both too full and happy to do anything but enjoy the cozy atmosphere. One of the young French chefs went around table to table to check in on everyone in the restaurant near the end of our meal and I may or may not be deeply in love with him (all signs point strongly towards the affirmative). What a lovely a little restaurant.
Bibou 1009 South 8th street (between Carpenter and Washington avenue) Philadelphia PA 19147 

This house converted to restaurant has an unimposing exterior. Without the sign on the door enclosure, I would not have been able to tell we had arrived. It is nestled in the Bella Vista Neighborhood of Philadelphia and one important caveat is that it is CASH only. 

Bibou offers a la carte dining from Wed to Sat and Sunday, a 4 course prix fixe for $45- a very doable excursion to the culinary French countryside. The cozy curtained foyer gives way to an intimate dining space with room for 20 or so people. 

The restaurant is decorated with fresh picked flowers. It is a BYOB so make sure to have 1-2 bottles of your favorite wine or liquor of choice on hand to enjoy the evening.

 Dinner began with some bread and Echire butter, the butter considered the gold standard by many French chefs. As I ate the bread, the butter definitely had a distinctive tang and nuttiness that was certainly different than American butter. 

I followed with several courses:
1) Bacalao soup, saffron fingerling potato, bacon cream. Bacallao literally means "cod" or "stockfish". The soup is made of dried or salted cod that must be soaked the night before and have several rinses before using in the soup. It was a terrific amuse bouche to start the meal.

2) seared foie gras with poached clementine. Delicious, succulent, melts in your mouth--everything a foie gras should be. The syrup from the poached clementines was so sweet and pair wonderfully with the creaminess of the foie gras. 

3) salade de crabe: crab and farro salad, watermelon raddish, pickled baby carrot, basil aioli. Farro is a grain product of certain wheat species and has an appearance somewhat similar to rice. Aioli or aïoli is a Provençal sauce made of garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, usually egg yolks, and seasonings. There are many variations, such as the addition of mustard. sauteed petit filet mignon, 

4) Yukon potato gratin, watercress, shallot confit, sauce Medoc. The potato gratin was a particularly interesting addition. It was flaky with layers and golden brown on the top. 

5) canard: long island duck leg confit, carrot and ginger puree, red cabbage compote with cassis, baby vegetables, red wine duck sauce. Crème de cassis is a sweet, dark red liqueur made from blackcurrants. Duck confit (French: confit de canard) is a French dish made with the leg of the duck. While it is made across France, it is seen as a specialty of Gascony. The confit is prepared in a centuries-old process of preservation that consists of salt curing a piece of meat (generally goose, duck, or pork) and then cooking it in its own fat. 

6) Dessert: frozen grand marnier souffle, grand marnier tuile. A tuile is a thin, crisp, sweet or savory wafer made of dough or cheese. Originally from France, 'tuile' means tile in French, and is named after the shape of French roof tiles it is supposed to resemble.
We loved the idea of a Japanese-named, French restaurant.  My boyfriend and I were wondering if "Bibou" meant something in French as well, but it doesn't.  The head chef's wife was very sweet and nice; She explained to us how the ended up naming the restaurant "Bibou", the same Japanese "Bibou" we were thinking of.

We made reservations about 3 weeks in advance for Friday dinner and we arrived 20 minutes early..we were seated almost right away, but the proprietress told us that that usually wasn't normal (and we could tell! the place was packed!)

I ordered the Escargot appetizer and the Scallop main course and was very satisfied with both.  I love the attention to detail and how even the butter that came with the bread was a French import.. 

The BF got the foie gras appetizer and the special entree of the night, guinea fowl sausage.  He was pretty pleased too.  

Tote along a nice bottle of wine.. we brought along a Châteauneuf-du-Pape and was just wonderful.

I'd like to come back again for a nice dinner out.  The feel is very homey and the service for us at least was very, very good.  The proprietor came out at the end and introduced himself to us and chatted with us a little too.  My boyfriend and I really enjoyed the personal touches that are obvious.

I've already book our next reservation..
I wish there was an option for 4.5 stars because that's what my rating would be. I can't quite give Bibou 5 stars... Most of the food was incredibly delicious with a few dishes that weren't. The foie gras was definitely my favorite. It was rich and tender and delicious. The short rib was in this amazingly rich cream soup that was also one of my favorites. The oysters were pretty good. The fish and partridge was just alright for me. We also added the summer truffles to the partridge which added a rich flavor but was still not amazing for me. The dessert was where things were really not that great. The dessert was a grape soufflé and I think the grape was where the dish went wrong for me. The cream part of the soufflé was delicious. It was just the grape in the cake like part that wasn't very good. 

Ok now for the atmosphere. This place had a quaint but pretentious feel about it. A lot of the waitstaff were not quite rude but definitely looking down on most of the patrons (which I suppose is kinda french so maybe this was the intended effect). I felt like our waiter was judging us throughout the meal and made me feel like I didn't belong at this fancy restaurant. Almost everyone there had this smug air about them that was very off putting for me. 

Overall I think that (most of) the food was amazing but I couldn't get over the awkward vibes I was getting. I would probably come back but not for awhile considering there are many other great food places in the city where I would feel more welcomed.
Been here many times before, if you ever get a chance to try the bone marrow treat yo self.

Dinner 12/15/18
Lotte: cured monkfish, endive custard, blood orange - 9/10
Celeri et Chatalgne: celery root and chestnut soup, apple, truffle risotto croquette - 8/10
Homard: half lobster, acorn squash, red cabbage, duck bacon, sauce diable- 10/10
Four gras: pineapple pain perdu, quince confit, saffron duck sauce - 9/10
Perdrix: wild scottish partridge, chanterelles, rutabaga tatin, radicchio, natural jus - 8/10
Epoisses: tomato jam - 0/10
Hot cranberry & Grand marnier souffle - goat milk creme anglaise - 10/10
This was a lovely place to celebrate half a year of marriage!

It's a prix-fixe tasting menu, BYOB. I brought a French white and a French red, which paired well with our French meal!

Every course and the service was impeccable. The amuse bouche consisted of 3 petite bites - a crab cake, a gougère, and fancy apple. The servers kept our wine cold in the back and refilled our glasses often. They came around several times with bread - 3 options including warm mini baguettes (the best).
My boyfriend and I made reservations for this past Friday night weeks ago.

Or so we thought. 

We arrived and said we had a reservation for two. We were met with looks of confusion. They didn't have us down. Our hearts sank. 

Then Charlotte, the hostess/co-owner, said she could make it work and seated us by the window for what turned out to be a beautiful dinner.

Service was outstanding with attentive waiters and food coming promptly. I had the chilled shrimp salad with avocado mousse and celery root remoulade as an appetizer, followed by mahi mahi with purple potato puree, the artisanal cheese plate, and mango meringue pie with wild strawberries. Everything was gorgeously prepared with the freshest ingredients. The interplay of flavors was unexpected and complex in what looked like deceptively simple food. 

Although my meal was impressive, what was truly outstanding was that the chef improvised a vegetarian dish for my boyfriend (Bibou does not have many vegetarian options listed on its menu and my beloved is primarily a vegan who trained to be a pastry chef in Paris) and personally served it to him. Talk about accommodating! His food was exquisite to look at and taste. Boyfriend was thrilled.

Our tab came to about $130 including tax and tip. Dining at Bibou is not cheap but for what you get in terms of atmosphere, service, and the quality of the food, you get a lot for your money.
I am always leery when a restaurant is held in such high regards. I always come with high expectations and leave underwhelmed as my high hopes usually fall flat.  Mais je t'amie Bibou!! I can't believe I haven't been here until now, I truly have been missing out! It delivered on ever level, it was one of the best meals I've had in a long while!  We were fortune enough to be invited to come along with another couple for dinner this past Saturday night.

The space is small cozy and just darling, very intimate and a great place to bring a date. (A parking lot next door, really helps cut down on the cramped street parking!) 

The wait staff is wonderful: engaging, attentive and are meticulous with their placement of flatware- I enjoy these small details that truly add to the fine dining experience. I was swooning over our waiter's thick French accent- it made our French emersion that much more authentic!  The plate presentations were aesthetically beautiful and elegant ,the robust flavors completed the culinary picture.

We ordered the bone marrow special for the table- hands down the BEST bone marrow preparation I've ever had.  Rich, decadent marrow combined with breading (almost stuffing-like in consistency) accompanied by small potatoes and a citrus salad, just the perfect pairing. I'm dreaming about it now as I type! We also had the black truffle risotto- large pieces of truffle on top of creamy, rich risotto, I thought the portion was small, but we split it amongst four people and found it to be just right! oh, they were simply heaven on a plate!

I had the Washington State oysters with mignonette sauce, they were beautifully shucked and the acidity complimented the salty mollusk! 

Everyone else ordered the Game Consomme- as mentioned- I'm a sucker for presentation and this was executed well! Pristine white dishes arrived at the table with a dollop of the game meats, I believe it was rabbit, venison, duck and something else. Then a warm broth was poured tableside into the dish; releasing a beautiful aroma of what I can only describe as 'warm comfort' whiffed over the table. Everyone agreed that this just the right amount of broth and meat.

I ordered the venison loin over butternut squash puree which was one of the specials, text book medium rare preparation, made the meat tendered which was enhanced by the Brussel sprouts and puree, I believe there was a cherry sauce in it as well, my tastebuds were very happy.

My husband had the Blanquette de Veau, which is poached veal breast, basmati rice, beech mushrooms, baby carrots, sauce veloude- he said it was the most flavorful cut of veal, he's ever had, it was very rich. At first he regretted not ordering my venison, but upon first taste, knew he made the right selection.

The other couple both ordered the Daurade- whole dorade stuffed with fish mousse and tarragon, broccoli rabe, tomato provencial  it was served whole and hands down the meatiest, fish I've ever seen served! The skin was a wonderfully crisp and the filet was flaky good.  I was even adventurous enough to eat the head, I didn't know what to expect, but it tasted a lot like tomalley, the cheeks are definitely the tastiest part of the fish!

Chef Ron visited our table, he was wonderfully humble, we spoke of his new adventure in California. I praised him on the wonderful food and thanked him for one of the most memorable meals I've had in a while.  He was so passionate about his food, and he was just so engaging, I could have listened to him speak food all night.  Best of luck to you Chef Ron, you will be missed!

Two thumbs up for Bibou, I now understand why the other couple we came with come often! They are also very excited for Chef Pierre to return in May, after the restaurant revamp. 

I will have to come back then to bask in this deliciousness! I have to try the signature dish of Pied de Porc.
Wow, this was not my first time to Bibou, but my first chance to review it on Yelp.  Robert Parker called Bibou the best French Bistro in America.  After I visit every single one, I might agree.  (OK, maybe I can't do that)

Bibou literally transports me to France.  From the simple decor to the cuisine to the service.  And Charlotte and Pierre are warmer even than folks in France.  They are so loveable.  

The attention to detail in the cuisine without having to chase all the 21st century fads impresses me.  So many restaurants want to wow you with so much on the plate.  At Bibou I had a dish that was a quenelle of pike with a sauce Nantua.  It looked, well, plain, but it had out of this world flavors.  Hugely rich sauce with lots of depth.  

We also had pheasant 2 ways, followed by a cheese plate.  Again, the sauces were incredible.  That is probably what transports me the most, is the perfection of the sauces.  That is quintessentially French and Pierre does it beautifully.
I really love the idea of the French bistro.  It's family dining without being related to anyone. There's just something entirely subversive about skillfully prepared regional food served in a rustic and casual venue.  What's not to like about sublime cuisine without the pretensions of fussy ornaments and service?

There was also an element of theater as we were among the first to enter this tiny space a block off of Washington Ave. in South Philly after a two week hiatus for the owners to visit relatives in France.  What would be on their small and focused menu?  New inspiration from the Gallic motherland?  If there's anything to be expected from this stage, it's that the show hardly changes from day to day.  But, oh, what a show.  

We started with their standards, the escargot served with fava beans in that iconic spiral snail shell dish, and the seared foie gras with candied carrots and duck drippings.  What surprised the wife and me was that the escargot were shelled.  That's right, no fumbling with a tiny snail fork and licking sauce off of your fingers.  Even more surprising was just how tender the escargot were.  The sauce was a bit too salty for me, and the tarragon notes were muted.  The foie gras, on the other hand was a simply prepared dish which allowed the moist and tender liver to shine. Served on a sliver of pumpkin bread, the indulgent rich flavors blended together effortlessly with the duck jus and carrots.  

We were disappointed that canard was not on the menu since we were both love well seared duck.  My wife ordered the Pied de Porc (pig's feet) served with lentils.  While we've had pig's feet in soups and stews, this was presented de-boned and wrapped into a sausage like bundle.  This is not for those adverse to skin and/or fat. This was pork fat out of the closet, flaming for all to see.  We loved it.  So flamboyant was the explosion of pig flavor, that it completely masked the flavor of the foie gras stuffed inside.  The earthy richness of the lentils provided a nice foil for the pig's feet. Never one to turn down veal chops, the ethereally tender and beefy meat  was slow cooked medium rare with just the right amount of caramelization.  The accompanying baby eggplant stuffed with wild rice was a bit overcooked and dry.  

Dessert was a wonderfully creamy and not-too-rich creme brulee with a beautifully fragile crunchy cap and a orange meringue tart sitting on top of a pate sucree crust, that was a bit dry could have used a more assertive citrus flavor.  The espresso was well pulled with a good crema, but the drink was too bitter and one dimensional.

Perhaps the best part of this bistro experience is the cordial and neighborly service.   Never overbearing, always accommodating and eager to ensure that the food was enjoyable.  The highlight was when Pierre Calmels came out and greeted us at table-side and shared stories about their vacation in France.  

For a moment we felt like family.
The Food and Drink:  Two bottles of wine (2007 E. Guigal Cotes du Rhone and 2010 Neige Apple Ice Wine,) complimentary bread and butter, three courses each, and complimentary mignardises.
 
Warm Baguette with Eschire Butter:  If there is a better baguette in Philadelphia than the one being baked for each table at bibou I'd be shocked; crunchy crust and a delicate crumb paired with imported butter lightly tinged with salt...it was like a morning in Paris and disappearing quickly a second service appeared without question and proved equally wonderful.

Escargots-Snail Ragout, Fava Beans, mushroom mousserons flavored with tarragon:  Perhaps Pierre's most famous dish and a staple on the ever-changing menu I cannot say I've ever been wowed by escargots and although this preparation was certainly the best I've tasted the fact remains that I simply find snails to be 'okay' in terms of both taste and texture while the accoutrements, particularly the tender mushrooms, far outshined the dish's featured ingredient.  Earthy and aromatic, briny but balanced, and overall quite nice I simply can't help but assume the dish would have been better served (for me) with a different protein.

Foie Gras-green fig and rabbit confit / ravioli with duck gastrique:  Ordered by both of my companions and thus affording me more than a small taste this was one of those dishes that couldn't fail given the quality of the product and the chef...and the ice wine from my trip to Montreal a month earlier didn't hurt either.  Starting first with a thick slice of liver, caramelized on the exterior with a brilliant balance of sweet and saline added by the fig and confit and then moving to the tender noodle stuffed with nearly liquid mousse and bathed in a bright aromatic jus this was a pairing that touched every part of the palate, each bite as good as the last and as interesting as the first.

Pied de Porc - Braised pig foot stuffed with Foie Gras and French Lentils De Puy:  Along with the escargot this is bibou's second menu staple and although not the plethoric portion of that at Au Pied du Cochon I'd be lying if I said this was any less impressive; a full sized trotter braised to crispy perfection and nearly bursting with creamy foie gras.  Gluttonous, sure, but nicely conceptualized with the nutty lentils serving to balance the fatty pork while also sopping up braising liquid this is certainly not a dish for the weak of heart or those on a diet but for anyone else I'd consider it one of Philadelphia's best dishes.

Bone Marrow with Bread Crumbs, Garlic, and Greens: One of the nightly specials this was another dish where execution was everything and unlike traditional preparations the dish presented was more like stuffing or bread pudding than marrow simply topped with crispy crumbs.  Large in portion and immense in flavor with a light salad at one side and crispy garlic potatoes at the other there was more than enough of this dish to be shared and given its richness the sweet spiciness of the Cotes du Rhone proved a great pairing.

Rack of lamb with new potatoes, artichokes, vegetable and lamb jus: Another nightly special served in substantial portion this medium rare rack was presented just as rustic as one might expect and with each of the vegetables tender and flavorful the balance of flavors was excellent while the rosemary and thyme accented jus proved every bit worth sopping up with what was left of the second baguette.

Floating Island with Homemade almond pralines, goat milk crème Anglaise: Selected by my second dining companion and served in an elegant glass atop a paper doily this light meringue pyramid arrived floating in a warm broth at the same time sweet and slightly savory along with a sprinkling of crispy almonds.  Small in size, texturally pleasant and mild in flavor this was a nice dessert after such heavy savories.

Apricot Meringue Pie: My selection for dessert and in my opinion the best of the group by a significant margin this seasonal selection presented a dense buttery crust filled with candied apricot puree beneath lightly bruleed meringue alongside fresh blueberries, and a dollop of hand-whipped cream.  Sucrose sweet but mellowed nicely by the butter and cream this would not have been my first choice on the majority of dessert menus but after something as heavy as the Pied de Porc this fit the bill nicely.

The Verdict: A great meal with wonderful friends in a warm space where each guest is treated like the most important person in the room it would be hard to claim that Charlotte and Pierre's little space on 8th is anything less than a gem in an era where exquisite French cuisine often carries a price tag nearly double or triple what was spent at bibou that evening and although the dessert menu could perhaps use some work for those of us with a more substantial sweet tooth that small quibble is more than quashed by the BYO policy and exquisite bread service...next visit to Philadelphia it shall be the tasting.
When you walk into Bibou, you feel like you're entering a nice little bistro in middle of Paris. Inside Bibou, it's not hard to imagine opening the door to the view of Arc de Triomphe or Eiffel Tower (instead of the *comparatively* harsh-looking neighborhood on Washington Ave).

Charlotte and the staff are professional yet friendly. Pierre, the head chef, always comes over with a friendly "bon soir" and asks how the meal is to each table; surprisingly, he never seems to get annoyed by rather stupid questions we diners often ask...to which he had given the same answer more than he could count, I'm sure.

At Bibou, I feel comfortable. I don't feel like I have to dress up, show off, or deal with pretentiousness from others. No, at Bibou, I feel like I am part of the big group with other 20 diners, enjoying our night out in Paris (ahem, I meant in Philly) with good meals with fine wine (you have to bring your wines though).

The menu on Sunday is a $45 prix-fixe menu with optional cheese sampling (cheese sampling adds additional $10). The menu changes seasonally. Among 4 of us, we tried most of the things on the Sunday menu. Every bite was delightful, perfectly seasoned. I took some pics this time and i'll let the pictures do the talking, although the pictures themselves cannot do justice to how comfortable and satisfying the meal was.

My only hope is that Bibou will always remain our small, wonderful retreat to France in Philadelphia. I shall return time and time again. Until next time, au revoir, Bibou...au revoir.
Bibou, I really really want to love you or even like you, but I can't. I went there on three separate occasions and was still not impressed by the food (the taste or presentation). Most dishes are a bit on the bland and heavy side. It's fairly hard to get a reservation. The past times that I went, I made the reservation a few weeks in advance. 

Note: The place is cash-only and BYOB so bring cash and your fave bottle.
The Sunday $45 prix fixe is now a separate menu and not choices off the usual menu, so no foie options the recent Sunday that I visited. The soup this time was still mysterious and delicious- even though I know that I read the description I couldn't identify the flavour components. Still the adorable perfect ovoid dishes. For appetizers, the creamy morels were totally grit free and very savoury- good with bread to mop up the cream. Great crisp skinned branzino main and a pleasant milk chocolate/strawberry/dark chocolate parfait/mousse and light baba rum cake. Still worth the money and the time and Calmels still comes out to greet you after your main course. Heart!

For everyone who is justifiably raving about the butter, it's imported Échiré butter, probably the lightly salted table butter.
Went with my boyfriend for dinner last month.  Adorable little restaurant thats perfect for a date.  We made a reservation, but ended up with a little wait.  I got the impression people were so cozy, they just didnt want to leave.  The ambiance is very welcoming and makes you feel right at home.  It has a very family run feel.  Would definitely go back.  Had a great seafood dish.
We had been meaning to try Bibou for awhile but we never plan dinner enough in advance to get reservations. This time we made an effort and got a reservation for two a few nights ahead of time.

The first course we chose was the foie gras duo. This was a mistake. Not because it wasn't delicious, but because I know it is too rich for my blood and I though I could just "try a little bit". Yeah, I regretted how much of it I ate.

For the second course we each got a seafood dish. He got the walleye and I got arctic chard. OH LORD WAS IT GOOD. I don't even love seafood, but that chard was amazing. I could eat it ALL DAY LONG.

For desert, we split the floating island. It was a piece of meringue in a sea of delicious sweet custard (or maybe not custard, but definitely delicious). It was very good and unique

The service was very good and our waiter was one of those people that you just though to yourself "yeah, I think I'd like to be your friend. You seem like a really nice guy who would help me move". And I thought that the chef coming out to the tables at the end of the meal was a very nice touch. I was happy for the opportunity to tell him how delicious the meal was myself

All in all, it was a great meal and we will definitely be back.
Giggle.

That's what we did during our entire meal.  It was so delicious, that it was a giggle-meal.  And when we looked around the small dining room - ya know what?  Everyone else was just as cheery.  Why?  This place has it all - great staff, cosy atmosphere, amazing food, BYOB...

While we were waiting for our table a couple came out who were beaming after their meal.  Upon their recommendation, my husband ordered the stuffed pigs feet and I the duck.  Now, I'm not a fan of pigs feet - but he thought they were perfect (in a pigs feet kind of way.)  My duck confit was astounding!  Every bite was sinful.  We also had the bone marrow for a starter, along with an amazing mushroom... creamy... non-menu, special.  I have no idea what it was called, but it was heavenly.  Dessert was an equally yummy fig tart with pistachio ice cream.

My only issue (and these are so minor):  We had to ask for water every time our cups went dry.  In their defense, the place was packed, and every time a table opened up, another party filled the void.  Each time we asked, our server apologized as if he knew he should have gotten to us sooner.  Heck, maybe we just drink water too quickly.   It's not enough to take a star away - this place is amazing.

It's a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  In fact, we purchased two gift certificates as gifts after our meals - we were that impressed.  Go to Bibou now, while you still can get a table... and even now - make a reservation.
Just full of win. I've been to Bibou many times and it's one of my favorite restaurants in the city. While small and tight, the atmosphere is cozy and warm. You'll have no problem chatting with your date...but make reservations well in advance. Bibou is BYOB, so pick up a nice '05 Bordeaux to accompany you on this culinary sojourn. 

The politically incorrect foie gras is superb, as is the duck when its on the menu. The escargots, and really everything else I've tried, are excellent. I would have to scrape to come up with anything remotely negative. Even your hostess and chef/owner's wife Charlotte is warm and friendly. 

Actually, disregard everything I've just said as you'll probably keep me from getting a reservation!
I don't understand what the hype is about this place.  My wife and I decided to dine here because all the reviews on yelp were stellar.  Plus it took us like a month to get a reservation, which I'm assuming is a good sign.  My wife had the escargot which was bland and tasted like dirt, no flavor.  I had the chicken foie gras special which was ok but nothing 'special'.  Next came the entrees.  My wife had the poached dorade fish which was really fishy.  I could smell it as they walked out the kitchen, it was that fishy.  I had the wild boar pithiviers which was just meatloaf in a pot pie.  Where were these black truffles that were advertised? We left hungery and disappointed.
I went to Bibou for an early Sunday prix fixe just after the holidays, and fellow diners were bringing wrapped presents for the chef and his wife who runs front of the house. !  At least a third of the restaurant that was seated at our visit clearly knew the hostess and the chef and were return visitors and the chef did make the rounds of all the tables while we were there and was quite sweet.

Because we were seated early, there were several entree specials including the whole branzino, lamb chops, and  bone marrow (the chops and the bone marrow were out by the time we finished dinner). The soup came out in these little ovoid dishes with a sharp angle that seats your spoon perfectly (mmm form and function) and was quite lovely and green, the foie gras app (w/ candied kumquats) was terrific, the oxtail terrine was fine but hard to match the deliciousness of foie, the bone marrow was a long pile of bread crumbs indulgently high in saturated fats- the bad kind but OH SO DELICIOUS and came with some perfect roasted small diced potatoes, the branzino was also well executed.

The dining room is relatively small and elbow room is pretty tight- you will hear your loud talking neighbours and have the opportunity to check out their food. If you need a moment of quiet, head for the bathroom, which is beautifully decorated and feels incredibly spacious and serene. Steps at the entranceway and lack of room between tables and aisle space means non wheelchair friendly.

One last thing- the imported French butter for the bread is great.
I now live in LA, but every time I'm back in Philadelphia, I insist that my parents (who go here regularly) and I go to Bibou.  To me, this restaurant is a revelation--I've now been here probably half a dozen times (twice we've gotten the blowout tasting menu).

The experience begins the moment you walk in the door.  It's a cozy, inviting room that is simultaneously relaxed but elegant.  Charlotte and the staff are extremely welcoming.  And I have to add that they have one of the nicest bathrooms of any restaurant I've seen--if I had one like it at home, I'd probably never leave.

Of course, none of this would matter if the food weren't world class.  And it is.  On this latest visit, I had escargots with yellowfoot chanterelles in a deliciously flavorful sauce--went through quite a bit of bread (and their bread is fantastic) sopping it up.  While my mother ordered what I did, my father ordered the always wonderfully decadent foie gras, but this time Pierre accompanied it with an other-worldly roasted, slightly caramelized persimmon slice.  Absolutely incredible pairing.  My main course was a perfectly cooked duck breast in a red wine reduction, accompanied by a small gaggle of vegetables (corn, shallots, etc), with just a hint of vinegar to cut through the richness of the duck.  Again, my mother and I seemed to be duplicating each other tonight, but my father had a perfectly cooked branzino, a mild lemon flavor complementing it par excellence.  One of the best fish dishes I could remember in recent memory.

Before dessert, we detoured to the cheese course, a trio of delightful cheeses (a goat, a Roquefort and a Morbier), always paired perfectly.  I finished my meal with a chocolate trio (cake, mousse and ice cream, though this hardly does them justice) and their scrumptious macaroons.

From start to finish, Bibou never disappoints.  Every meal I've ever had there has been nothing short of perfection.  One of the best restaurants in America, and a great reason to visit Philadelphia.
Bibou is probably the most intimate restaurant in all of Philadelphia. Its a cozy cash only French BYOB with amazing food at excellent prices in an unpretentious atmosphere. Its no wonder this place is always booked up. 

We started with fois gras and venison sausage. Both items were spectacular. For our entrees we had the bone marrow special and beef tenderloin. I've never had bone marrow before, so its hard to compare, but the beef tenderloin was out of this world. The deserts were very high quality as well. The chocolate plate was my favorite. 

Saying Bibou has great service is an understatement. I honestly don't think I've had a better service anywhere in the USA or abroad. The staff was very attentive, and the chef came out to check on every table.

The combination of food quality, service, and pricing is unmatched in Philadelphia. I highly recommend Bibou.
I'm not a fan of French food and Philly's French offerings (LBF, Brasserie Perrier, Parc) did not debunked my belief.  

Then came Bibou....

Bibou is easily one of my favorite restaurants.  During my frequent travels, I haven't been able to find an equivalent restaurant in terms of quality, style, or value -- a surprising disappointment for SF and NYC.  Bibou is certainly Philly's gem.

Here's the breakdown:

LOGISTICS:  Located in South Philly near the Italian Market and Washington Ave.  PPA parking lot -- 3-hrs free.  Street parking.  Reservations via phone or opentable.com.  Reservations can be difficult to get, so plan ahead.  BYOB. Cash only. Closed Mon & Tues.

PRICE:  Very reasonable for this caliber food.  $45 prix fixe menu on Sundays (4 courses).  You can request more courses for incrementally more money.  You can also just order off the menu.

FOOD:  Pied de Porc, Foie Gras, and Bone Marrow are my favorites.  There are also more familiar offerings for those who have less adventurous palates.  If you call ahead, vegetarian requests can be made.  If you're vegan, consider going elsewhere.   

The only mild disappointment was that the desserts paled in comparison to the rest of the meal.  Anywhere else, the desserts would have been fabulous.

SERVICE:  Excellent!  Pierre and Charlotte were very attentive and obviously proud of their creation.  The staff is fantastic. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Congrats to BIbou for the 2010 James Beard nomination!
Make sure you get the bone marrow. It is by far the most heavenly thing you might ever eat in your life. It's worth every calorie.
Oh good God. It's a good thing this place is so hard to get into...I'm sure it could be dangerously habit-forming for those nearby.

I was working in Philadelphia for a month and had heard about this place from a few coworkers. I was warned that Bibou doesn't actually use OpenTable routinely for reservations, but mostly for last-minute cancellations. Armed with this helpful bit of information, I went straight for email to beg for a reservation and was rewarded with a 5 pm Saturday dinner slot two and a half weeks later...not bad! And actually my inner grandma was pleased...I secretly dig early bird dinners, so this worked out well.

Oh, and FYI: BYOB with no corkage fee and cash only!

We ordered a special blood sausage appetizer, foie gras terrine, sea bass for me, and hangar steak for my husband. Everything was perfection, down to the complex flavors, spices, and textures. My fish was thick and fleshy as sea bass should be, but tender and flaky as well. SO good. The blood sausage was a delicious surprise...a thin, flat, moist patty with flakes of something similar to phyllo dough spread across the surface and mixed greens sprinkled on top. Amazing.

For dessert, we ordered a cheese plate and afterward were given complimentary coconut macaroons. Salty + sweet goodness! 

Service was excellent and the restaurant was adorable. Also, during the meal the chef stopped by to check in on us personally, which I thought was great. I had heard that the chef's previous and well-known restaurant, Le Bec Fin, was possibly a bit old-fashioned and not quite keeping up with the newer, more modern restaurants in the area. Not sure if that's the whole story, but I will say that Bibou is doing a GREAT job. Hoping to be back at some point.
Bibou has always been one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. We came the other night to try out the new tasting menu - Bibou is back with an arguably improved menu format.

The tasting menu, at $100, is pricey, but the quality of the ingredients and execution is unparalleled. The cucumber soup and arctic char gravlax made for refreshing first courses on a hot summer day. The lobster tail atop braised oxtail was delicious and quintessentially French. Our favorite course of the night was the decadent seared foie gras paired with pumpkin bread and an intensely savory custard - so good, we could not stop talking about it for the rest of the night. The Long Island duck breast with an orange sauce was excellent - perfectly medium-rare with a hint of spice that added that extra punch to the dish.

Finally, the dessert was a hot soufflé. Words cannot describe how wonderful it was to experience a well-executed hot soufflé. As the symbolic pinnacle of French cooking, it was the perfect ending to a meal that, to me, represented Chef Calmel's lovingly composed ode to classic French cooking. 

The service, as always, was charming, knowledgeable, and attentive. Some members of the waitstaff have been there for years - and make an effort to remember repeat diners - adding to the convivial atmosphere of the restaurant.

While we will miss our favorite Bibou dishes from before, the tasting menu was so well thought-out and perfectly executed, it was perhaps our best Bibou experience yet. As the menu changes every week, we definitely plan on returning when we crave something special.

(Just a heads up: the municipal parking lot next to Bibou has a 2 hour time limit. The meal can last up to 3 hours, so either find street parking or be prepared to pay the ~$20 fine.)
My fiancé and I did the seven course chef's tasting. The fourth course was my favorite. The foie gras was served over pumpkin bread. The best foie gras I've ever had. The butter like texture and taste were delicious. To make this dish even better, it came with foie gras mousse and the owner poured us some red wine to compliment the dish. The service was phenomenal, the chef came at the end of the meal to chat and they were not rushing us to finish. Before leaving, we made reservations for next month!
So, I finally had dinner at Bibou after a few of my friends had suggested that I should go here.  I understand the appeal, and we had a nice meal, but there were a few misses.
We started with three appetizers to share.  The foie gras with a date jam, the escargots, and a special chicken liver mousse.  The foie gras and the mousse were very good and we enjoyed them both.  The escargots with some brown sauce, nuts, and beans were not so good.  
Then came the main course and we had the famous/infamous pig's foot stuffed with foie gras over lentils and a special red snapper cooked in parchment.  The pig's foot was very good and I was pleased since this came highly recommended.  The snapper was also very good, moist, tasty, but the vegetables which accompanied the fish did not seem to go very well.
Then came dessert, a frozen Grand Marnier souffle and a pistachio creme something.  We ended up not finishing the souffle, as we were both stuffed.  Some espresso and some macaroons from the chef and we were all done.
The staff was pleasant and polite and genuinely helpful.  
Upon leaving, we both agreed that we had a nice meal, but the missus did say that the wine we brought outclassed the meal quite seriously.  I agree with her.

In truth, I have had quite a few rustic-type French meals in all sorts of different places and this was good, but not amazing as I had been led to believe.  Would I recommend?  Yes.  Would I recommend over other places in Philly for a great meal and experience?  Probably not.
It's such a pain in the ass to make reservations here that I thought it must be good. The food was alright, but nowhere near worth the premium that you pay. I imagine that tastes vary from week to week as the menu changes, but I probably won't end up coming here again.

I will say that the service was great though.
I'm not big on French food, but this place was amazing.  I didn't eat one thing I didn't like. 

Apps: 
Gravlax: Cured Trout with jicama and some other ish.  Not the same one listed on their website.   It was very refreshing

Escargot: Snail ragout, Fava beans and Mousseron mushroom, flavored with tarragon.  Really great sauce and the snails were tasty.   

Meal:
My wife got the veal saddle which was tasty and cooked perfectly.
I got the Boeuf: Sautéed hanger steak with green peppercorn sauce, sautéed Fingerling potatoes, green asparagus.  It was very good, I crushed it.  Also cooked to perfection.  I also only like the tops of Asparagus, and wouldn't you know it, that's all that was on the plate.  Did they read my mind?!  I think so.   The bottoms of the asparagus were slices thinly and mixed in with the potatoes, i ate around them.  

Dessert:
My wife got the blueberry pie and I got the sorbet (blood orange and Honey). One scoop of each.  Both sorbets were very tasty.  The honey was light the subtle but def left a honey aftertaste.   I didn't try the blueberry pie b/c i don't like pies with fruit in it, unless it's apple.  I also like Blueberry muffins, go figure. 

The chef came out to great each table since there was a break in the dinner action which was a nice touch.   I will def be going back here.
Bibou is a small wonder with exceptional food, service and a charming atmosphere--we will definitely be back!  The prices are also very reasonable for the quality of food and experience.  

My boyfriend and I tried the oxtail and escargots appetizers which were both deliciously noteworthy.

Our duck entree was lovely --and dessert, Charlotte's grandmother's chocolate cake with caramel was a remarkable finish!

The atmosphere was very pleasant and the place seemed to be full of regulars--many of them French natives which goes to show that this place is no joke!
After visiting Bibou for the first time I immediately declared it to be my new favorite restaurant in Philadelphia! Everything we ordered was cooked to perfection and simply delicious. The chef made a point to walk around and speak with each table, which I was very impressed by! Reservations have to be made in advance so it was no suprise that almost every party was making their next reservation on the spot, and we were no exception! We cannot wait to go back!
If I ever die and go to heaven (highly unlikely, but let's all pretend), I'd end up at Bibou. I loved loved loved everything about it. 

We had 5pm reservations on Saturday for a party of 5. First, parking: there is a lot right next door that you can park in for free- we had no problem finding a spot. The restaurant is small- only 10 tables and a small bar with a few seats, which look directly into the kitchen. It's a BYOB, and the waiters did a great job opening our many bottles of wine, and also poured our red into a decanter in the shape of a duck. Adorable. The hostess (apparently also the chef's wife) is probably the cutest, sweetest person I've ever met. She made us feel right at home. She also told my mom she looked like our sister, so she instantly became my mother's favorite person. They brought us baguettes and butter which were both amazing- I heard that they make their own baguettes, and it certainly tasted like it.

I ordered the foie gras duo- sautéed foie gras with poached peach and a foie gras custard ($18), the stuffed quail with foie gras & red rice, Lupini bean purée, mustard greens, and natural jus ($29), and the honey and lavender creme brulee. The foie gras duo was perfect. The custard was perfectly balanced so you did get a delicious foie gras flavor but without it being overwhelming. The sautéed foie gras was perfect as well. The quail was one of the best things I've had in a long time... I don't think there was any food left on my plate when I was finished. The creme brulee had an interesting honey/lavendar taste, and it was perfect as well. Favorites around the table included the bone marrow entree (which my dad talked about for about a month after he had the first time), the truffle risotto (perfectly cooked, and again, quite balanced even though it had such a strong ingredient in it), snail ragout ($15; won rave reviews from the one person in our group who likes escargot), and hanger steak ($31). For three courses, we spent around $250 for 5 people, pre-tip. They heard it was my mother's birthday, and they brought out some after dinner treats with a candle in it for her. Throughout the dinner, the service was fantastic- they kept our wine glasses, water glasses, and bread basket full. The chef came out at some point to ask us how everything was, and he was incredibly nice and friendly as well (not to mention an amazing chef). 

I know we'll be back to Bibou soon and I can't wait. This is a place that really deserves to be successful- although from our difficulty in getting a reservation, they already are!
We had two great meals here - this place is a delight.
Seated promptly on both times.  Service was attentive and warm, the husband and wife - chef and hostess both stopped at the table to talk to us on both time and really made us feel welcome.
I tried several dishes there - my favorite was the braised pig feet braised to perfection and crisped on a bed of lentils - that dish was great.
French classics like Terine and Escargots - very nicely done. Great coffee. The one dish that was a little too complicated the bone marrow with mushrooms and carmalized onions definately tasted the onions and herbs not so much the bone marrow.
Didn't try desert - were too full - highly recommend this place.
Yum
I had been wanting to try Bibou for the past year or so, but every time I got around to making a reservation, they were already booked solid.  When my family came to town this past weekend, I jumped at the opportunity to take them to a 9pm reservation (much to my family's chagrin.. we don't typically eat that late).  I'm happy to say that it was well worth the wait.  

I ordered the $70, 7-course chef's tasting menu.  It. was. to die for. Let's see if I can remember each of the courses: 
0. complimentary chilled endive cream, smoked fish rillette (cold soup, bitter cream with a sweet and salty fish patty in it; odd but enjoyable; listed at $9). 
1. Crab salad: Crab meat salad with cucumber& watermelon, avocado purée on top (delicious, I highly recommend trying this one. The sweet watermelon with the tangy avocado was perfect with the crab; listed at $14).
2. Escargot (The dressing felt more Mediterranean than French but it was delicious nonetheless; listed at $15).  
3. Fois Gras: goose liver with poached peach, served with a side of cream which was topped with a watermelon glaze.  (I really enjoyed this dish, again it was something odd that I might not have otherwise tried; listed at $18)
4. Monk fish (apparently people relate this fish to lobster, and I can understand why.  Same sort of consistency, it felt very fatty (in a good way) and tasty. Not my favorite, but still interesting! price unlisted)
5. I know I'm missing a course, but for the life of me I can't remember it.  I'm sure it was lovely though!
6. Foie du Veau: Veal liver with potatoes and spinach (Very different from anything I've ever eaten. The waiter wouldn't tell me what it was until after I'd tried it.  The consistency is hard to describe... I'm not sure I would recommend trying it if you are just ordering a main because I can see how someone could be disappointed with it.  But I was feeling adventurous (re: tipsy?) so I found it to be enjoyable; listed at $27 )
7. Creme brulee: A classic. Perfect (price unlisted).

Considering the few dishes I could find a price for total more than $83 (remember, monk fish, mystery dish, and creme brulee were unlisted), I'd say that the $70 tasting menu is the way to go.  The portions were large enough that everyone at my table of 4 was able to sample, with enough leftover for me to thoroughly enjoy.

Throughout the meal we were also served fresh baguette and French butter which was the perfect amount of soft and crunchy, salty and creamy respectively. 

The chef was floating around the dining room throughout the night, and stopped by our table to say hello and chat with my mom (in French) about the dinner.  Charming and kind man who truly cares about food.

Having a sibling too young to drink but old enough to drive makes driving a breeze.  There's a PPA parking lot right next to the restaurant, and the lot is free after 8 (If I remember correctly... please don't quote me on this one). 

Overall, one of the best dinners I have had in Philadelphia.

Don't forget! It's BYOB and cash only.
Bibou is one of a handful of places that deserves the 5 stars rating. Had been looking forward to try this out for months now. Finally went last night on my B-day. The place is charming like a little country inn you would find in Provence. Wish they would let me bring my Frenchy in and that would complete the picture. Waiter was friendly and attentative but not intrusive. 

The food was great! We had the escargot, bone marrow, pig's feet and finished with a mango sorbet. 

The snail with favfav bean was interesting. The pig's feet and the lentil it came with the dish is delicious. The only disappointing dish is the bone marrow. Don't get me wrong it is great, but I just prefer it less adulterated like in an ossoboco. The mango sorbet is light and not too sweet, perfect for after a heavy meal. 

The wine was excellent, compliment to the SO. 

I can't wait to go back and try other dishes. The duck, the lamb, the cream soup, the ..... Well you get the picture.
I've been trying to get a reservation at Bibou for over 6 months now. A spot finally opened up on Thursday night allowing us to the sample the French fare that has been causing such a stir.

The dining room is intimate, as is the norm with the standard "front room" style BYOBs that seem to define the Philadelphia eating experience. Decor is nice, you don't feel too shoved on top of your fellow guests and there isn't an issue with noise.

The wait staff are quick and efficient, be it pouring wine when your glass is running low or explaining the menu and the specials. The chef is friendly, makes sure to come out and talk to each table at least once during the evening and often rushes out of the kitchen when you are leaving to wish you a bon soiree and encourage you to visit again in the future (if you're ever lucky enough to get another reservation).

But lets get down to what's most important, the food. Exceptional, and in a Philadelphia eating scene that now has a number of excellent French restaurants, putting Bibou at the top of the pile tells a story in itself. I started with the Foie Gras. Served two different ways 1: seared with peaches 2: as a creme brulee. Both were beautifully prepared, the sear on the Foie Gras was just right and all the flavors melded. I can't imagine coming to Bibou and not ordering this. For my entree I went with the Bone Marrow special. Presented on the half bone with the marrow melting into the stuffing and with a simple potato and green salad side, this was absolute heaven. I can't report on dessert as I was so stuffed from the richness of the Foie Gras and the Marrow.

Philadelphia may just have the best French dining scene outside of France right now.
Well, I was extremely excited that it was finally the day to go to bibou. Our reservations were made months ago! We walked in and found the tiniest most adorable little French BYOB in bella vista. Because of the size, we had to wait for our table but we soon found out it was worth it. 

First, this place is extremely authentic. It is classic French cuisine done incredibly well. If you're not a french food lover, this place is not for you. 

To start, we had the escargots and the foie gras. The escargots were incredibly tender and comforting. The foie gras was amazingly seared on the outside but nice and rare on the inside. We were pretty shocked as to how they could possibly make that happen. I love foie and loved this dish BUT wished the piece of foie was a little bit bigger. 

For our main courses, we shared the bone marrow and the rabbit saddle. YUM. I love bone marrow and I have never seen it prepared this way. It was mixed with beard crumbs and herbs, stuffed back in the bone and baked. This paired with the micro greens salad was rich and delicious. The rabbit saddle was also delicious. It was perfectly cooked and juicy in a homey brown butter sauce. 

We finished the meal with a great cheese plate. I wish the chef jarred and sold the tomato jam that he makes with the cheeses! It was sweet and delicious. 

A huge highlight was meeting the chef. He comes out to every table to introduce himself and see how your meal was. Great idea. It made the whole experience feel special and I loved it.
Probably one of the best if not THE best meal I've had in Philadelphia.
Better plan your reservation in advance because seats fill up weeks in advance and for good reason!
Small place with simple, comfortable decor. Friendly, attentive service. We were seated promptly, every dish was explained, silverware always replaced, waiter always checked in and asked how our food was. The chef came out to shake our hands and chat a bit (which he did with every table). What a treat!!! So friendly!
If you're willing to spend, definitely go for the chef's tasting menu! $70 well spent!!! You get half the menu and too much food!!!
Soupe- wow! How interesting! Light and complex. The sweetness from the tomato jam added such a nice layer of flavor.
Pheasant pate was very good. Nice pistachio notes that went well with the date mustard.
Duo de Foie Gras Seared was absolutely amazing. Melt in your mouth! Also great fall flavors. My favorite!
Sandre Sautéed walleye pike was perfectly cooked. Nice crisp skin. I loved the grape with it! The sage milk emulsion really brought it all together.
Bone marrow was delicious! Rich. Garlicky. Flavorful. Bread crumbs soaked in delicious oil!
Rabbit leg was very good. The white bean and rabbit sauce was great! Tender rabbit leg.
The flan was very smooth. Went well with the fresh fruit.
The floating island-- some sort of goat cheese with praline crunch heaven!!! I could have had 2 if I wasn't full 3 plates ago.
French press coffee was perfect ending and needed with all the rich food.
Oh, table bread was also nice and fresh!
Can't beat a byo!
Cannot wait for my next visit:)
Update***
Crab and tomatoes bisque. I could drown in it.
Fois gras- still the champ!
Escargot was plump, earthy and delicious. 
Mahi tuna tartar was so fresh!
Striped bass was flakey. Great wine sauce with mushrooms and broccoli! Yum!
Duck confit was insanely tender and delicous. Love the picked cabbage and sauce.
Covina fillet- the sauce was amazing.
Floating island still my fav dessert.
Hazelnut soufflé was silky and a cold soufflé!
Pineapple tart, good but want wild about the tart part.
Always great service.
We finally got reservations and already can't wait to go back.  Such a cute place with about 10 tables. Service was great and the food was amazing.  We started off with the beet,watermelon soup with goat cheese foam and the mushroom special. Both were delicious but loved the soup a little bit more. For dinner I had the veal and my husband had the bone marrow - holy moly - that was fantastic. The bone marrow was different than anything we ever had before and I can to wait to go back to get my own. The bone marrow was sautéed then baked in the bone a mouth watering.  We then had the cheese plate and then split the Floating Island - a floating meringue ...

Great place for a date or just to grab a great meal in the city.  Love that it is byo too. Our whole meal with tip was $130 which I thought was great for all the food we ate and the experience. Service was fatalistic too!
Dinner 1st visit, highly anticipated. Based on the other Yelpers, I broke out the good stuff, a Duval Leroy Brut Rose and a 1995 Chateau Haut-Brion. We were not disappointed, made our next reservations on the spot.


Started off with a half-dozen west coast oysters to go with the bubbly. (Couldn't quite catch what bay or cove they were from from our server Hans, accent was think, but ask for him, great server!). Big meaty, neutral salt oysters and a wonderfully fresh mignonette.
I then had the Escargot (Snail ragout, Fava beans and trumpet royale mushrooms, flavored with tarragon). Wow, it was like a little pretty snail stew in a fancy snail shaped dish. Glad the bread was on the table to sop up every last drop.

Wife not much of foodie, so they were nice enough to offer a simple green salad for her app, it was another sign of the great service we received.

I next had the Bone marrow special. My words couldn't do it justice, but it was a giant bone, bone marrow was carved out and reconstituted within a luscious stuffing and placed back in the bone. Never had it this way before, and it was wonderful. Serviced with a fat-cutting side of greens and some little potatoes lyonnais(?).

Wife had the Onglet de Bœuf (Sautéed hanger steak with green peppercorn sauce, Fingerling potatoes, green asparagus) and she loved it. It was good even though she had the Chef prepare it well done.

We then had a mini-cheese course (stinky epoisses? with tomato marmalade and a sliced apple). Perfect segue to finish that '95 Haut Brion before dessert.

and oh the dessert, we had the Chocolate cake with caramel and the Apple Tatin. The tatin is usually my bell weather for a good French restaurant and this one showed the greatness of this little gem of a restaurant. Light, slightly crispy, with home honey ice cream. Great finish to the meal.

Great evening, great food, great wine, and wonderful service. I hope you all don;t believe me, I prefer to have this place to myself.
I love Bibou, I can't say more than has been already said. I wish the terrine was more flavorful and that they would cook the pied de porc the way they use to (needs salt). Otherwise perfect every time!

The Sunday prix fixe is no longer a desire of mine. I find that my meals Wed to Sat are a better experience.  Bibou is one of the few places in Philadelphia that serves tasty offal. I enjoy their combinations. I want my food to be exciting, I always check the menu before I make reservations!
Ladies and gentlemen, I've  died and gone to heaven. At least, that is how I felt after dining at Chef Pierre Calmels' Bibou- the tiny 30 seat French BYOB in Bella Vista. Reservations at Bibou are hard to come by considering I have been trying to go since my arrival on the doorsteps of Philadelphia last summer. After having dined there shoulder to shoulder with other diners I learned that most at the restaurant are die hard regulars and usually make their reservations for their next meal on a weekly or monthly basis. It's no wonder the restaurant is always full (word to the wise: make your reservations well in advance).

Chef Pierre Calmels is no stranger to the Philadelphia dining scene. He was the long time executive chef of the renowned Le Bef-Fin mentoring some of Philadelphia's finest chefs. Prior to which he worked in some of the best kitchens in the country including those of Daniel Bouloud and under Georges Perrier at Le Bec-Fin. He opened Bibou in 2009 and immediately gained loyalist amongst the city's gourmands.

The menu changes often to offer the freshest seasonal ingredients and innovative dishes. Yet, some dishes are staples. This includes the ever tender and flavorful escargot. On first thought, one might not think twice about ordering escargot, especially those who are put off by images of snails. Yet the escargot at Bibou proved to be quite extraordinary. Perhaps it the fact that the snails are slow poached and cooled gradually in the most flavorful broth made up of butter, beef stock, mousseron mushrooms and fresh garbanzo beans. Eaten with a side of french bread, these snails were to die for.

A seasonal dish which was appetizing and visually stimulating was the soft-shell crab. A crispy and tender crab presented itself to me covered in chopped tomatos and a citrusy based sauce.  The dish is offered as an appetizer or an entree and was an instant hit.  Next was the country paté dish- a delicious slab of mixed meat with sundried tomatos, dried apricot and rosemary; with a cassis reduction. For those who love a good paté, here is a warning: this dish will leave you wanting more and will remain with you and your taste-buds for days to come. In fact, it's been a week since our visit to Bibou and I have been dreaming of this plate ever since. It is not to be missed. 

The bone marrow, another stable Bibou dish, was served in a split bone stuffed with a rather salty mix of bone marrow with toasted bread crumbs and a range of herbs along a side of potatoes.  Being a big fan of anything to do with bone marrow, I loved the buttery and strong marrow flavors of this dish yet found it to be just a tad bit on the salty side.  The Onglet de Boeuf was one of the most tender and meaty hanger steaks I've yet to taste served in a green peppercorn sauce with a side of fingerling potatoes and green asparagus. 

Dessert as usual consisted of most of the offerings on the menu: the floating island, dark chocolate tort and lemon souffle glace. All three amazing and perfect. The dark chocolate tort is what every warm chocolate cake should aspire to be: warm, soft texture with just the right amount of sweetness and the taste of bittersweet chocolate. The floating island, a classic french dish that I became quickly addicted to in my years in France was so good that I was tempted to order another. A fluffy, light meringue floating in a sauce of creme anglais made with goat's milk. And while the two vanished within minutes if not seconds, we contemplated a third. Our server recommended the lemon souffle glace:  An ice-cream like texture with creamy tart lemon flavor served with a berry reduction on the side it did not disappoint.

Our dining experience was so lovely and we were so satisfied that neither of us wanted to leave. We quickly made friends with our neighbors and together revelled in the extraordinary brilliance of Bibou. I only wish they would expand their space so that more diners can have access to Chef Calmel's magic.
The best French restaurant in Philly! The food was incredible and I loved every single bite I took. 

My boyfriend took me there for my birthday on a Friday night. The place is close to Italian market and there is a public parking lot one block away from it. So parking wasn't an issue at all. As we walked in, I realized how small this place is. During the time we were there, there wasn't an empty table. I feel so lucky to be able to get a reservation here. We were seated by the window. Our waiter is very proper and promptly. 

The menu isn't extensive but there are so many options that sound so interesting. What we ended up are: 
1. Risotto with shaved truffle: it was my first time having fresh shaved truffle. It was creamy but not too overwhelming. With the right amount of cheese, it's a perfect light start of our meal
2. Foie gras duo: it came with a mousse version and a seared one. As a mousse, the texture and flavor of foie gras was highlighted so well. The seared one was accompanied with some sort of sweet bread and apricot. It was an interesting contrast on taste between the fattiness of foie gras and the citrus flavor of apricot.   
3. Stuffed pig feet: this was the best part of our meal. The tender meat with some delicious french lentil made every single bite perfect. 
4. Sauteed softshell crabs: two crabs were sauteed and plated with a pancake. Mustard sauce is used for dipping. This was very satisfying, especially considering that I have been craving for crabs for the past few weeks. I am not sure what went into the pancake but it tasted great with the crabs. 

For dessert, we had creme brulee and strawberry rhubarb pie. Maybe because I had a bite of the pie first, the creme brulee was sort of tasteless to me. I enjoyed the pie much more.

Over the course of 2.5 hours we were there, I realized that most people there seemed to visit frequently as they chatted with the hostess and chef. It was a really nice touch when the chef stopped by our table to say hi. 

Overall, it was a great dining experience with some of the best dishes I have had. We will definitely go back there soon.  

P.S. This is cash only, so be prepared.
I too came here having read many positive reviews of this charming-looking restaurant, and the inconspicuous facade appealed to me. It was a Sunday night, for the tasting menu. While the staff was very kind, the food went from curiously good but not-quite-right to really quite unfortunate.
As is common in my Philadelphian dining experiences, things started off alright: in this case, with imported butter that has been mentioned elsewhere. The bread was unremarkable. Next came a shrimp bisque that tasted good, but was oddly and inappropriately spicy, and reminiscent of premature acid reflux (the burn, not the flavor, which was good). Next, the small course for two of us was seared fois gras. I enjoyed this and it was executed well, but accompanied by a rather unripe and unflavorful pear, and spiced (perhaps pumpkin) bread that didn't help things much. The fois gras itself was also prone to connective tissue in it which made the texture imperfect. But it lacked the bloody undertones that fois gras sometimes has.
The main course I chose was effectively bone marrow stuffing, as it was bread and vegetables chopped up and stuffed into a large bone. It was rich, and had an unpleasant background flavor which I guess I must attribute to the melted marrow... it was rather organ-like in flavor. To one side of this were small potatoes that really needed salt and a small salad that had far too much, so together that worked out well.
Finally, dessert consisted of goat milk creme caramel and a chocolate trio, which was a sort of brownie with jam, ice cream and a mousse. The goat milk caramel was very plain, though the caramel was quite dark, successfully masking the rank flavor that goat milk usually possesses. However, the creme caramel itself was quite underwhelming: not particularly smooth or overcooked, it was very average.
The chocolate trio was far below average, however, with the chocolate ice cream firmly at the top, followed by a very thick and grainy mousse and last an uncertain brownie (no one could tell what it was supposed to have tasted like, but surely not what it actually did..) with strawberry jam on top. It was our mistake not to have tried the sorbet, which was made elsewhere. All this was topped off by really, very hard and chewy coconut macaroons. Maybe to teethe.
Anyhow, for $45 this might be worth it, but certain parts were just not enjoyable.
This was one of the best byob places I've ever been to. The chef even spoke to us after dinner. Absolutely delicious and super cozy. I wish we had something like this in NYC. Grab a drink at James' before dinner right down the street.
BIBOU (Part 1 of a 2-part review; click link below at bottom to read Part 2):

What, PhillyBestBYOB, no reviews of Bibou???  And you call yourself an expert on Philly BYOBs?

Although I enjoyed this amazing restaurant a total of 5 times in 2012 and 3 time so far in 2013, I went to the "Bibou at Blackfish" dinner last Monday and we are planning a Southern Rhone wine dinner for next week, for some reason I have kept putting this review off.  Perhaps I don't feel that I can really do Bibou the justice it deserves, or maybe I'm having trouble picking the ultimate of ultimate dining experiences, from among so many great meals, about which to write a truly epic ode to French bistros that will finally win me Yelp's ROTD?

Or maybe I'm just procrastinating?

Anyway, I'm going to pick a dinner from last year to write about, since I took photos of all the dishes and have pretty good tasting notes (although appologies to Bibou if I get some of the ingredients wrong...I love Pierre's sexy French accent, but I don't always catch everything).

Since this is an ode, some accompanying music seems appropriate (you know this has to be a great restaurant if someone takes the trouble to write a rap song about it, explicit lyrics and all!):

"She said she wanted foie gra,
And some escargot.
I said I didn't care for that,
Was tired of the snow.
She ordered three appetizers,
And wanted one to go.
I told her she was crazy.
What she doin', I don't know."

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCneE4uC514

Sunday, 21 October 2012 (see photos):

10 of us, 9 guys and 1 gal (Ladies, this is why you should go to our wine dinners, the guys usually outnumber the gals, so you will be totally fawned over!) met for a Champagne and Rhone wine dinner at Bibou.  An early seating at 6PM, since these dinners usually last ~4 1/2 hours, and good luck trying to get parking around Bibou at 8:30PM on a Sunday night.

In tiny Bibou, a 10-top takes up ~1/3 the room, and given how long these diners last, we are obviously being treated very well by owners Chef Pierre and Charlotte Calmels, since they could probably turn the space a couple of time (although we always order a 7-course tasting menu, so hopefully this all works out financially for them).

As usual, Chef Pierre created a tasting largely composed of dishes that were on the menu that night, but he often throws in a dish or two just for us, or fulfills a special request (like the amazing 3-fish pate from the old days at Le Bec Fin, which would be too much work to serve to everyone).  That night we enjoyed:

1st course: Pheasant consommé, poured over bites of pheasant -- I'm not usually a consommé fan, preferring richer soups, but there is no question that this was an elegant start to the meal.

2nd course: Venison saddle-cherizo-pistashio-foie gras terrine, with date compote, mustard greens -- Always order whatever pate or terrine is on the menu at Bibou and you will not regret it

3rd course: Scallop, butternut squash, pomegrante, milk-lemon-infused verbena, purple potato puree and potato chip -- A visually striking dish (look at the photo!), with a large perfectly seared scallop that was melt in your mouth

4th course: Foie gras ravioli, Pergourdine sauce (usually a veal sauce made with a sweet wine like Monbazzilac), black truffles -- In my mind, one of Pierre's signature dishes, the combination of foie, pasta, truffle is killer

5th course: Beef tripe, baked in a white wine sauce of tomato, onion, garlic, chicken stock, bread crumbs -- I had this amazing dish for the first time a couple of weeks before, so we specifically requested it...it takes 6-7 hours to prepare this...nice with our Rhones, but really dying for an Italian Sangiovese (sorry Charlotte!)

6th course: Venison meat pie, white chanterelles, blood-current-red wine sauce, mustard greens -- A first-time dish for me, Pierre selected this to match our wines (and everyone in the restaurant benefited), this was everyone's DOTN (Dish of the Night)...don't let the blood sauce scare you, a must order dish if you see it on the menu

Regarding the above dish, I overheard the following comment: "Stupid good!" (Craig LaBan couldn't describe it better).

Click link below for Part 2 of this review...
Went to Bibou for a Sunday prix fixe dinner a couple of years ago & enjoyed the food. Foie gras was great. We also had lamb chops & pig foot. The pig foot was not varied enough, but it was well-cooked with a crispy exterior, and soft and fatty on the inside.

Great service. Good ambience.
I had the privilege of dining at Bibou this past Sunday with a close friend. It turned out to be a wonderfully unforgettable experience!

The dining environment was sweet and cozy, a feeling that was expected and truly did not disappoint. The entire restaurant seats about 30 or so and is the perfect size for the type of experience I was expecting. It is a BYOB which is a true asset that allows you to focus your funds on the food rather than over-priced drinks. 

The service was efficient and well-paced. I would describe the wait staff as "efficient" and "perfectly adequate". Your glass is refilled with your bottle of wine as quickly as it is consumed. The french bread flows easily and the stages of the meal are delivered in perfect timing, creating a very nice slow-paced dining experience.

Finally the food- my mouth still waters as I think of it now! I've dined in well-known establishments in many of the best-known cities in Europe (including Paris) and this particular meal easily surpasses most of those experiences hands-down. The Saint Jacques Scallop preparation is mouth-watering, especially with the pomegranate seeds and hearts of palm complementing the dish so nicely. My friend had the "pig's trotter" stuffed with foie gras- a dish not to be underestimated, as the exquisite pork flavors and perfectly seasoned lentils of the dish are unsurpassed in my repertoire. The pleasantly surprising escargot plate is creatively presented in a shell-shaped plate and is not  the typical garlic and parsley butter-laden dish that one might expect. The foie gras is among the best I've ever consumed and the desserts create a wonderful ending to an exceptional meal, especially the lavender creme brulee and the Baba au Rhum. 

The gracious hosts- husband/wife proprietors, Charlotte and Pierre, create a welcoming experience that I don't often come across, even with smaller establishments like Bibou. Pierre (Bibou's chef) brings his years of experience from Le Bec Fin and recreates a unique and unforgettable menu that no one should miss! They both came to the table to talk to us about the meal, with Charlotte attentive to our needs and returning to make sure everything was in order.

The experience at Bibou has become the basis on which I judge other fine-dining establishments in Philadelphia and elsewhere. This is an experience that is not to be missed- by anyone. If you enjoy unique and wonderful cuisine with some of the best flavors in the city, you must make it a point to visit Bibou.
Fine French dining in South Philly that is BYOB. Other reviews state "cash only" which is not true. We went here for date night and it was an all around good experience. The wait staff was friendly and the food was excellent. At the end of the night we were even greater by Chef Calmels. The menu was $115 prix fixe with several stars in my opinion: 

1) Marinated scallop with smoked truffle vinaigrette 
2) Aged NY strip
3) Tarentaise "aligot"
4) Hot fig soufflé
I was eager to try the newly opened Bibou and went to dinner there tonight with three friends.  The old Pif space has been lovingly redone, with dark wainscoting contrasting nicely with the elegantly set tables. Charlotte Calmels is the perfect hostess: the welcome is warm and charming, and everything is done to make you comfortable at one of the very closely spaced tables.  The menu is short but diverse, with some dishes hinting at the Burgundian origin of the chef (snail ragout with fava beans). 
We tried the soup of the day, made with corn and lump crab meat, its velvety creaminess nicely contrasted with tasty kernels of roasted corn, the foie gras, unctuously rich as expected on a port and cassis reduction, and the beautifully textured rillettes terrine.  For our main dishes, we had the deftly prepared duck breast special, the richly tasting hangar steak (both meats perfectly cooked rare to medium rare), a moistly sweet halibut on basmati rice with ramps, incredibly light and deeply flavored, and the breaded veal scaloppini, correctly done but my least favored dish of our order.
The desserts, as well as the cheese plate, need some tweaking.  The $12 cheese plate came with three small pieces of good but hardly exceptional cheeses, a few grapes and some salad greens - serviceable but not up to the high standards of the first two courses.  Similarly, the desserts are all good - a nicely caramelized apple Tarte Tatin with chocolaty ice cream, a "chocolate millefeuille" that brought miniscule layers of creamy chocolate on crisp puff pastry - but they too are not in the class of the appetizers and main courses.
The price/quality ratio is excellent, most appetizers are under ten dollars (the exception, of course, is the foie gras) and the most expensive main courses are in the mid twenties.  You can end the meal with a rich French Press coffee and a couple tiny madeleines (the latter compliments of the house).  Lovely!  The service is professional and diners can have a quick conversation with chef Pierre Calmels when he briefly leaves his kitchen.  It is simply marvelous to go out in South Philadelphia and sit in a restaurant with such amazingly sophisticated food at such affordable prices.  Word has already gotten around, the restaurant was full at all times with content diners, enjoying the good luck of having a place like Bijou join the list of fine Philadelphia BYOBs.  My rating is 4.5 - when the cheese platter gets better, it will be a 5 star place!
3 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 desserts, and 2 bottles of wine split between 2 girls = 3.5 hour dining extravaganza to remember. it was well worth the 45 minute walk in the cold to work up an appetite in preparation to try everything we wanted on the menu.

foie gras: so buttery, it melts in your mouth
escargots: fresh savory take with some pizzazz on this usually drenched-in-garlic-butter-and-herb-dish
bone marrow: breaded bone marrow?! come on, as if bone marrow alone wasn't good enough!!! 
hangar steak: probably the closest i've ever seen a restaurant come to a perfect medium rare -- some might even call it bordering on rare, yum!!!

the starter bread basket and desserts were not all that impressive to me. but that's not what we came for.

so overall verdict.. have i had better french food? yes. in this city? most definitely not! bibou = winner winner chicken dinner!!

bonus: the chef is very down to earth, and loves to come around and talk to every dining customer. he's a bit awkward, which is kind of endearing.

make your reservations at least 4-6 weeks in advance, as the space is small and the restaurant is very popular. and bring LOTS of cash if you want to sample everything, because french food is not cheap. but the portions here are uncharacteristically large by french standards.
I'm trying to avoid the hyperbole here, but I almost can't help writing some OMGs and other rapturous accolades to express my pleasure over my meal this evening.

Food is out of this world, sophisticated, yet satisfying, and eminently French without stuffiness...but still somehow super elegant and refined.  Philadelphia is noted for its BYOB scene, and Bibou may be the best of that set.

Service is attentive with a touch of haughtiness, which is welcomed at a fine dining establishment.  You can tell the wait staff have been in their positions for a long time.

I did a long run this afternoon (7 miles) to make room for the feast, and this is what I had:

1) Baguette w/ butter (4/5) -- I'm not a bread dude, since I'm an absolute health nut, but one has to sample the baguette at a French restaurant.  The butter really stood out here

2) East coast oysters with mignonette sauce (5/5) -- Perfectly presented, flavorful and briny but controlled with the mignonette.  This was a special

3) Endive salad (5/5) -- I love salads, and this was outstanding.  The light dressing knocked out any bitterness that one might associate with endives, which were thankfully chopped and sprinkled with walnut shavings and a touch of raisins which raised this salad to the fine-dining level

4) Celery and chestnut soup (5/5) -- Fantastic winter-soup.  My partner had this and my beastliness came to the fore and I had to order a portion for myself.  The celery base was complemented with earl-gray tea and pomegranate seeds.  Extremely creative, yet maintained that comfort-food satisfaction that one craves

5) Swordfish with crispy polenta and Brussels Sprouts (5/5) -- Swordfish was the best I've ever had.  It was cooked so perfectly, and the crispy polenta and brussels sprouts made the whole composition come together in a melt-in-your-mouth joy parade

6) Cheese plate (5/5) -- I opted for the cheese plate over some of the other standout desserts such as the Floating Island, which are also outstanding but I felt I needed a dose of fromage.  There was a blue cheese, morbier, and the creamiest selles sue cher.  It was served with an apricot spread, sliced green apple, small salad verte, and another round of baguette (they're small).  Absolutely fantastic

The dessert is served with complimentary macaroons and meringues a la classic French-restaurant style.  I had some excellent decaf to boot.

The owner/head chef visited our table and made us feel extremely welcome, and my water or wine glasses were never left empty.  The crowd is sophisticated and put together.  

Reservations are a must, as Bibou fills up fast.  I am concerned about the new "Family-style" restaurant they're opening up in RIttenhouse, since at Bibou you get the head chef cooking and leading up the meals.  I realize he'll have to do double duty at least for a while, although his kitchen seems to run seamlessly so I imagine a high level of quality will be maintained.  The concern is will the IT factor and creativity/comfort balance somehow be diminished even a hair.

Cash-only policy is somewhat antiquated.
Last night I ordered the take out menu. When I brought it home it did not look like that much but I will tell you everything was so delicious. There was plenty of food and these were dishes I could not replicate.  This is definitely a place to try to turn this period of time when you have to order takeout
If you express a negative opinion regarding the food at Bibou then you.  are.  an.  idiot.
After friends had been Raving about Bibou,  I finally got the opportunity to join them for a Fabulous Dinner there. Their comments were "Did it live up to our Hype?", My response, "It Exceeded my expectations".  This was definitely a Culinary Adventure "French Style".  Serving Traditional French Dishes such as "Bone Marrow" & "Pied de Porc", Braised pig foot stuffed with foie gras, every touch of the fork will be heavenly!  Chef Pierre Calmels is a true Culinary Artist!  The Restaurant is a very small, cash only, BYOB.  It also can be difficult to get a reservation.  My Suggestion is to plan 5 to 6 weeks in advance if you're looking to get in on the weekend.  Always Crowded, but Cozy, The Chef and Staff welcome you as if you were a relative they haven't seen in a while.  
    The Adventure started with one of my favorites " Tartare de Thon " Ahi tuna tartar,pickled squash, spiced butternut squash glaze. The Tuna had hints of Citrus, and a slight saltiness of the Sea. My Date Chose the "Soupe " Lobster bisque, fish cervelas. Lighter than an average bisque,  The server, pours the bisque into a prepared bowl with Fresh Lobster & Butter.  The Flavors were Fantastic!  Our Hosts Chose the "Duo de Foie Gras "Seared foie gras with sautéed persimmon;Foie gras custard.  They Raved about.  It was Seared Perfectly.  A couple of Baguettes with Real French Butter was Served.  
     Second Course was my difficult, Which to choose?  The "Pheasant" or the "Bone Marrow"?  My choice of "Pied de Porc" Braised pig foot stuffed with foie gras, French lentils "Du Puy" was a great one.  I can't begin to tell you about this dish.  A Traditional French Meal,  Everything about it was Seasoned Perfectly, and Cooked to perfection.  My Date had the "Striped Bass"Sautéed wild striped bass fillet, black trumpet mushroom and watercress fricassée, red beets, lemongrass and ginger jus de poulet emulsion.  Once again,  Everything about this meal was PERFECTION! 
      Dessert Course was choices of Chocolate Fondant, Several Choices of Ices & Sorbets including a popular Lemoncello.  My Choice was a Creme Floating Island with a Goats Milk Meringue.  Served with French Press Coffee.
      Our Wine Pairings Included a Chateau Coucheroy 2010,  Elegant Light Body, With a Nose hinting of Citrus.  Also, a French Pinot Noir, that finished the Evening.  The Service Was Impeccable and NOT STUFFY like some establishments.  My Summation,  I can't wait to go back!!!  The Go To Place in Philiadelphia!!!  Thank you Chef Pierre!!!
My buddy and I somehow got in for a 9PM reservation last night to enjoy their 4 course Sunday, $45 menu.  

We started with a hearty, rich lentil based soup with small chunks of veal in the stock.  What was so memorable about this soup was that it was incredibly thick, rich, and smooth, with the soup almost coating the spoon -- a delicious way to start the meal.

Second course was a choice between escargot, oxtail terrine, and foie gras.  They had just run out of the oxtail, which worked out well as my friend wanted the escargot and I the foie gras.  The escargot sat perfectly cooked with lima beans in a rich, salty sauce.  My friend commented that it was the single best escargot presentation he's ever had.  For me, I've never had better foie gras either.  Buttery and soft, yet crispy on the outside, this paired incredibly with the kumquats and a small piece of syrupy bread.  

For mains, the choices were a pigs feet braise, scallops, hangar steak, or a branzino fillet special.  I chose the branzino, perfectly seared over well cooked veggies.  Very light yet very flavorful.  My friend went with the hangar steak, which was cooked medium rare.  The highlight, however, was the asparagus and hashbrown mix served as a side. This is classical french cooking at its best.

Dessert was a choice of cranberry pie, creme brulee (sold out), chocolate roll, or ice cream and sorbet.  My friend went with the ice cream and sorbet -- a scoop of slightly too sweet raspberry sorbet and a scoop of light and delicate pistachio ice cream.  I went with the chocolate roll, which intertwined layers of soft white cake with perfect chocolate mousse.  A garnish of whipped cream and a few berries completed a great dessert.   I wasn't expecting a lot out of dessert here -- as a small byo, they don't have a pastry chef that I'm aware of -- but it was very well executed.

Service was professional if a bit rushed.  Charlotte, the co-owner, makes sure to stop by every table and greet customers -- her charm is only overshadowed by her husband's cooking.  A great meal, and truly lived up to the hype!
Fantastic French restaurant! Small, cozy and exquisite meals. 

We had a party of 5 and got pretty much everything on the menu and with couple bottle of Burgundy and a bottle of single malt highland whiskey the dinner was a bliss!
