I grabbed a quick breakfast at Bill's last weekend. I ordered a spinach, egg, and cheese on a bagel. Also got a snapple iced tea.  My total was $5.50!!! I can't believe I got a breakfast sandwich and bottled drink for that cheap!  The prices alone gives Bill's an extra Yelp star.  

The egg sandwich took forever to cook, we were waiting almost 10-15 minutes. But they were packed, and I wasn't in a rush. But I can't imagine how unfortunate that would be if I was in a hurry to get back to work. 

There's some tables in the back you can eat-in or carry out. The people behind the counter are soooo friendly! They are great!  

Overall, great food, great service, amazing prices. Keep your patience if its busy.
What a great little hidden jewel this is! Hard to find due to the construction going on, which closes off some of the access...Bacon (thick cut) 2 Eggs cooked the way I like.., wheat toast, and a huge plate of home fried potatoes, with coffee..under $7! Whoa! And right in the middle
Of the city..
While walking down Sansom and looking for lunch I saw this spot, the staff were wearing masks and they had sanitizers. Looking at the menu it is very affordable for a Deli that is in CC. I ordered a cheeseburger and cheese steak as I wanted to treat myself well today. OMG! Both are amazing! VERY FRIENDLY WORKERS TOO! will come back again
The high-energy petite woman cracks me up; she's great. Bill (bald guy usually workin' the grill) is friendly and will chat it up a bit even when he's in the weeds.  I work a block away and hit this place up for breakfast often, especially when I'm feeling "dehydrated."  They'll make just about anything you want - I usually opt for a bacon, egg, and cheese wrap - and if you call ahead the order will be ready to rock in 5 or 10 minutes.  "Jumbo" sodas in Styrofoam cups!  Fair prices in a straight-forward establishment.  I dig it.
The worst thing about Bill's is that I worked in its building for a year before trying it. So much wasted time!

Everything I've had from this little diner-y breakfast and lunch place has been phenomenal - not in an over-prepared, big city, presentation-first way, but in a classic, mom & pop, food you'd get in your hometown way. It's no-frills, and it works.

My personal favorite (aside from the great prices) is the breakfast sandwiches, which always have a perfect meat-egg-cheese ratio. Daily specials are also always a great choice! You could come here to eat every day, grab something different and always be happy.
This is the best spot in Center City for Breakfast and Lunch. Simple menu with great food. Almost a throwback diner style.
I. Am. In. Love.

Granted, I've been here a handful of times, but every time I realize that there's a magical land of sandwich bliss tucked away on a sketchy looking area of sansom, I cannot wait to order something new. 

The specials are usually top notch.

And how affordable!

If there's any downside it's that I had to wait for my sandwich a little longer than I would have at a lunch place down the street, but the vegetables were freshly grilled and hot when my sandwich arrive.  The portion was huge and absolutely delicious.  

I have only dealt with the friendliest and most accommodating staff, which ALWAYS makes me want to come back.  I have been recommending this place to everyone!  

I usually don't give five stars, but when a place deserves it, it gets it!
Lucky to find this place! Great place for a hearty breakfast. The prices are very reasonable and the portions are very large. The customer service is fantastic. We had a veggie omelet with feta and egg whites (wonderful), the breakfast special (eggs, toast, drink, hash browns ) was amazing plus we added a side of bacon. I got the pork roll and cheese sandwich and could only eat half because it was such a generous serving! Highly recommend. We went at 7:15 am. There is a definite 8 am rush. Lots of people get to go orders. Less than $25 for four meals.
TIp: Don't go to Bill's after 11 for Breakfast - they stop serving at 11.  Well, at least, they don't serve non-regulars after 11 - read on. 

We wanted breakfast and thought Bill's reviews made it sound like a luncheonette (breakfast all day kind of place), its not.  We arrived at 11, maybe a little before, but by the time we reviewed the menu board and asked to order, it was after 11 and we were told that we could not order breakfast, except for breakfast sandwiches.  That seems rather arbitrary to me, especially for a place that is only open for breakfast and lunch.  So we ordered breakfast sandwiches - one over hard and one over medium.  

At Bill's, you order at the counter and then wait for delivery to your table.  While we waited, a regular named "Sid" came in and ordered -- say what? -- breakfast - eggs over with toast and tomatoes.  Very annoying.  

Our sandwiches arrived - the over hard was over medium, and the over medium was over easy.  Plus they served the wrong sandwich to the wrong person, even after we discussed who was getting which sandwich.  

It was just a bad experience all around.  Maybe lunch would have been a better choice.
I've only gotten breakfast here on my way to work & it's always been really good.

The ladies working the register are nice, food is consistent but if you're there before 10am, it's really busy (for good reason!).
Prices are reasonable and portions are great.
I wish I could give this place a 4.5 as there is always room for improvement, but I will give a 5 because I find myself eating here 3 times a week.

You can't find a better all around breakfast or lunch spot in Center City than Bill's. Old Nelson's? Expensive and your only choices are salads or Boar's Head lunch meat. Jake's sandwich board? Delicious, but it's expensive, the novelty wears off, and even the "lighter choices" make you want to take a nap afterwards.

Michael K. couldn't be further from the truth in his review. This place is immaculately clean, the people are some of the nicest I've ever met, and the quality of the ingredients is what separates this place apart.

The criticism over the wait time is true. Depending on how busy it is and whether you order something from the grill, it can take up to 15 minutes to get your order (although, it's more on the order of 5-10). However, if you need to have a Bill's fix and time is an issue, call ahead. Yes, even for a $3 breakfast sandwich, they don't mind at all.

It's definitely a blue-collar type of place, so don't come here expecting better service because you're in a suit rather than a hard hat. But don't let that fool you, they are very efficient and consistent in the quality of what they prepare. In the 4 years I have been coming here (well over 100 times), I can remember only once that my order was prepared incorrectly. 

But here's where they really shine: cheesesteaks. Especially when Bill himself makes them (I have a feeling he puts an extra slice of cheese on there), you can't get a better example of a Philadelphia cheesesteak. I don't know what magic they do, but they are the best kept secret in the Philadelphia cheesesteak debate. You owe it to yourself at least once to enjoy a cheesesteak from Bill's.

I try to give myself some variety, but I always find myself back at Bill's, no matter what I have a craving for.

Note: The one place that Bill's really falls short is their pork roll. They do not have Taylor pork roll, and, let's be honest, there is no reason to eat pork roll if it's not Taylor's.
I went here for the first time today for lunch.  A co-worker recommended the place and told me to go for the chicken cutlet hoagie.  

The restaurant is incredibly clean and I really like that you can watch the cooks prepare your food.  

I got a chicken cutlet with sharp provolone and spinach with a side of macaroni salad.  $12 is a little steep but it's enough food for two lunches.  The portions are generous and the food is absolutely delicious.  

I waited less than 10 minutes around 12:30 which is impressive for any lunch spot in Center City.

The women who work behind the counter were very sweet and quick to help everyone waiting.  

They take credit cards and have seating if you feel like eating there.

The only thing I would change is their system for ordering.  There was no line and no system of organization.  All of the women behind the counter were taking orders, preparing salads and taking people's money.  

Overall great experience.  I'll be back.
Bill and his crew deserve more reviews!!

I don't write Yelp reviews, but this place always has me coming back!

Breakfast is what I go for, and breakfast is what I get. The delicious-to-cheap ratio is outstanding! I love their breakfast sandwiches, as do my girlfriend and best friend. There was a period in our lives where we would eat here several times each week. While that's not the healthiest thing, we always had a great time.

The women that work behind the counter are chipper 100% of the time, and always make an enjoyable experience when ordering and waiting. Yes, you'll have to wait, but that happens everywhere. Deal with it.

Bill knows me by name and we always greet one another when I walk in and out. Same for my girlfriend.

The food is delicious and a sausage, egg & cheese is $3.51 and delicious. Perfecto!

Highly recommended if you're looking for quick & cheap breakfast. (They also do lunch, but I've never been. It always looks crowded, which is a good thing).
I think it's safe to say I've been to Bill's more than any other Philadelphia establishment. (Bob & Barb's probably a close second.) I think I am one of the so-called "regulars" now as I am normally greeted by my first name. The people are so friendly. It might be called Bill's, but it seems to me that Chrissy (my high-energy buddy previously mentioned) runs the show. If Bill is the founder, Chrissy is the mayor. She remembers almost everybody. 

Not much to say that hasn't been said. My "go-to's" continue to be:
-Egg & cheese (sometimes bacon) on the 12 grain bread
-Turkey club the 12 grain toast (BIG sandwich)
-BLT (duh)
-Buffalo chicken cheesesteak, if I'm feeling saucy

This place is not perfect, but I love it and I hope to continue to frequent it for another five years.
Great center city lunch spot. Inexpensive, fresh and generous portions. The staff is quick and friendly. Downhome vibe.
I liked that this place is located next to work when I have to come into downtown Philadelphia. The price was very good for the portion size. I paid less than $10 for the breakfast platter and hot green tea.

There is a small seating area inside of you want to dine in or you can take your food to go. They provide you with salt and pepper packets as well as ketchup packets. They even have fresh sliced lemons for your tea.
Great place for breakfast. I had the breakfast special with scrambled eggs, bacon, potatoes and toast. The portions were generous and the taste was unbelievable. Wow, I normally don't take pics of my food but you have to see it to believe it. The seating is limited but I'm going to eat here every time I'm in Philadelphia.
I like to call this place one of Center city's hidden gems , because it's not on a main street or Ave but everything I've had from here is so good! The Staff including Bill are so friendly welcoming and efficient . My favorite breakfast sandwich is the Turkey bacon egg and cheese (white American) on a Keizer roll , for lunch is recommend the spinach panini but they always have daily specials! (Don't go to WAWA if you don't have to )
Great place for breakfast or lunch! Everything is fresh and pretty much homemade. Get it to go or order in. You can also call in orders! This place is great, customer service is awesome, AND they are reasonably priced!
I don't know how anyone can give this place a bad review.  I used to get my breakfast there every single morning (and sometimes lunch) when I worked nearby because the food was so delicious and the prices were reasonable.  I especially miss their breakfast menu and sometimes feel like taking a ride up to center city to order if I didn't have to worry about the parking.  Miss you, Bill!  Get on GrubHub!
Stopped in here this morning bright and early after a long night of drinks. Thankfully they had open right at 6am. It was a difficult time choosing what I'd get. Everything seems to be great here. Customer service to match. I ordered a breakfast platter keep it simple food was on point. Love the fact they put the butter on the bread before hand so you don't have to later! Look forward to my next visit Here!
Very nice early morning cheesesteak. $7.50.  I was able to park on Samson and keep an eye out for parking authority.  The meat was very flavorful.  Solid traditional roll.  Nice big chunks of onions and mushrooms.  They did spend some time on the grill together.  I think they would have benefited from being on there a little bit longer and spending more time with a meat.  Three slices of cheese, which seems to be the standard.  Very good Cheesesteak experience.
This is a simple, no frills, big city diner. It's very busy and very small but the service is great and the food is quality. I had an egg and bacon bagel and it was fantastic. Love this little place. If you want a feel and taste of the city, check it out.
Bill's is a quick and inexpensive spot for breakfast. They're open early and have nice seating. The place is no frills, but offer good quality food with quick service. Our breakfast sandwiches had fresh bagels and real eggs. Most people I've encountered in Philadelphia are pleasant, but the women behind the counter at Bill's were incredibly helpful and cheerful. Nice find.
Great breakfast stop and they are open early. The folks are very nice and always get the order fast and made well. Will definitely be back next time I am in town.
Bill's made me feel like I stepped back in time about 40 years. It is a small counter service spot that - you guessed it - serves breakfast and lunch. I stopped in for a egg and cheese on toast and I gotta say it was goddamn perfect (and like 4 bucks). The wait was KILLER though as there is a lot of construction going on nearby, but I can't fault them for that. 

This would totally be a staple in my life if I lived or worked near it.
I kid you not when I say I got the best bacon, egg & cheese on a bagel I've ever had in Philadelphia. Not that I'm ordering them often, since I don't love the bagels in Philly, but still. This thing was huge, delicious and under 4 bucks.

Will be coming here much more often, since it's a block from work. And the place is surprisingly clean and well-kept. Yay!
After being poorly treated at the GREEN EGG, I found this place. The food was awesome and service super nice! I was starving and got 2 sandwiches and a side of salami with soda for $11! Not sure if that's Bob behind the stove but he is a cooking fool! Hats off to this hidden gem. Oh and the people kept coming through the door. Would certainly come back!
This place really needs some help. I used to be a frequent customer and have been so turned off that I refuse to go now. It takes them half an hour to make a breakfast sandwich! I used to get mine there several times a week, and despite how tasty it is, I just cannot continue to patronize a place that is clearly so disorganized. I can't understand how it takes them this long to process their food orders with so many people working there. Also, some of the staff are really lovely, but some don't have good customer service skills. The staff will bicker with each other in front of customers without a second thought. It's really off putting! Bill needs to get this place together!
Bill's veggie omelette ($7) was good, wheat toast toasted perfectly and home fries were just the right amount of crispy.  The only thing to improve would be to have more condiments (jelly, hot sauce) on the table.  I saw a lot of Philly locals come and go while I was dining.  This is a good spot to go for a decent breakfast at a reasonable price.  Friendly staff as well.
Loved it. Polite staff knew a lot of repeat customer names but kitchen a bit slow. Busy little joint but clean with good food. 2 different sandwiches and both were stuffed full, hot and tasty. Very fair prices too.
This place is so affordable and yummy you really can't say no. The women who work the front are so nice and they get everything done so efficiently.The first time I went I got a side of homefries and turkey bacon, very simple and delicious. The second time I got a toasted turkey sandwich with honey mustard on potato bread! It's so simple and great and they even have some nice gourmet sandwiches I have to try. Can't wait to go back.
One of the best breakfasts I've ever had. We came here because it got good reviews and it didn't disappoint. I have very picky kids when it comes to food and they all loved their food. The service was awesome and they made everything to order. The constant flow of people coming through gives testament to how great this place is.  Angie was the best!  Will definitely come here again next time we are here.
Why I never wrote a review of Bill's the entire time I worked in the same building as them is beyond me--I would go there ALL THE TIME on lunch breaks.  Prices are reasonable, and while it's not fancy, the food is great.  If I were in the mood for breakfast, I would usually get a mushroom, egg, and cheese sandwich with ketchup on a croissant or a bagel, and if I were in the mood for lunch, I would often get a burger or an American hoagie.  It tends to get a bit crowded during the lunch hour, though they are very efficient and serve with a smile, so it is worth it.  As is stated in their name, they are only open for breakfast and lunch, so don't expect to be served after 3pm! I would definitely return for a bite next time I am in the neighborhood.
Called in for breakfast pickup on a VERY cold Wednesday morning. It took me a couple tries to get through; seems like a lot of people call ahead to pick food up before work. 

My friend and I each got one of their egg sandwiches. It was decent food and came at a fantastic price (~$3 per sandwich depending on the kind). The ladies behind the counter were sweethearts and fast service; they have their system down pat.
I hate to give a bad review because the ladies at the counter really look like they hustle.  

I work around the corner and frequently think "maybe this time it'll be good," but almost without fail something ruins it for me.  I've had my order forgotten, I've eaten cheesesteaks without cheese, I've waited 25 minutes for a sandwich, I've waited 10 minutes just to pay despite standing in front of the register with my card out, they've been out of ingredients, and for some reason they stop serving breakfast at 11 despite being a self-proclaimed breakfast place.  Once I ordered a sandwich and when I asked why I was being charged more than the price on the menu, she showed a tiny asterisk on the paper menu (which nobody reads) and then proceeded to charge me even more, and I ended up buying a just sandwich for about $11.

The food is good but it is a basic deli menu that you can find anywhere for similar quality, and likely for less money.  With so many other good places around I don't see any reason to go back.
The place is constantly packed and yes, the food is decent. But the wait is very long and the organization pretty messy. A couple people from the staff should also go back to customer service class...
Bill's is a perfect example of what a breakfast/lunch shop should be.  Always immaculate, low prices, and solid classics.

The bacon is crispy, the rolls are fresh, and you can see Bill grilling up your order as you wait.

Only downside is that even without a line you're going to wait a few minutes for your order to be up.  You can call ahead, but I'd feel silly calling in an order for a $3 bacon and egg sandwich.
Small local spot that is Great to eat in(small sitting area) or call ahead and grab. Some of the best pancakes i have had in a while. All meat omelette was a home run with home fries and toast was perfect even at 11 AM. Would totally order take out from Bills if we lived in the area.
Great lunch spot!  Love the spinach panini!  When I was pregnant back in 2004, when Bill was at the other spot across the street, I had such a craving for a meatball sandwich.  I went pretty late in the lunch hour and when I ordered, Bill said he only had one meatball left.  I was disappointed and told him I had such a craving for it but ordered the pork instead.  When I got back to my office to eat my lunch, I opened the bag and saw a small container along with what I ordered.  Bill had wrapped the one meatball for me!  What a sweet guy!
This small establishment tucked away on Sansom Street is a gem that has been serving up quality breakfast and lunch for 30 years. A absolute throw back with a great and varied menu plus a side order of friendly customer service. I had the Western style egg whites with cheese on toasted whole grain and it was fantastic.
I come here multiple times a week to get breakfast, and I stop by every once in a while for lunch. I haven't found better prices anywhere in Philadelphia. They accept cards and cash, something that also isn't too common in Philly. 

Their platters are STUFFED with food, their sandwiches are amazing, even the soups are delicious. As a native New Yorker, I can be very, very picky (some might even say snobbish) about my food, and yet this place meets my expectations every time.

The staff is also great. Friendly, and remembers all the regulars.
This rating is strictly for the egg salad - I love this place and it's a go-to lunch spot. The egg salad is absolutely terrible, and it's a shame because everything else is so good.  The egg salad is 90% mayo and 10% eggs...also no flavor. You might as well buy a tub of mayonnaise, it's cheaper. Please change up the recipe!
My usual: sausage, egg and cheese on an everything bagel (pepper & ketchup)

The bagels are toasted to perfection; not too soft, and not so toasted that it squishes out the contents of the sandwich when you take a bite.
The everything bagels are truly "everything" bagels.

Prices are great for the level of quality that you get.
I was in town for a conference and Bill's was on the way between my hotel and the convention center.  What a gem for quick stop-in breakfasts!  Fast, friendly service (I've never been called "sweetie" that many times in a single visit anywhere), and the prices were great.  Very affordable for fresh, hot bacon-egg-and-cheese bagels, or even the full breakfast special (which I was hard pressed to finish).  If you like good, unfussy diner grub, Bill's gets my vote.
It's in the lunch rotation.  Typical Philly deli/cheesesteak fare but good quality ingredients.  Last week I had a delicious spinach salad with bacon and it was super good.  They are great for breakfast sandwiches as well.
Bill's came up in my Yelp search was I was In need of a 7am weekday breakfast spot. The store front and space are pretty unassuming, but the food is good, service is friendly, and the prices are fantastic. My egg and sausage on an everything bagel was tasty and manageable (sometimes those bagel sandwiches are impossibly awkward and tough to eat!) and my Southern friend approved of the grits.
The woman who takes the orders and works the register is permanently miserable.  I've worked a block away for 2+ years and she is nasty every single time I have been in there.  she must be the owner.  I have no idea how she could keep her job if she isn't. They have tip jars, but they should specify one for the cooks and one for the witch.
My girlfriend and I got sandwiches yesterday. She liked her turkey, and I enjoyed my ham and Swiss. Quality ingredients, generous portions, and well priced. Speedy and friendly service.
Unpretentious diner-style spot, friendly service, cheap eats.

Stopped here for breakfast on a weekday morning.  The ham, egg and cheese on a roll and coffee were fine, though nothing special.  The cashiers were kind and friendly, especially with the people they seemed to know.  

This is one of those 'get what you pay for' type spots.  Can you find places where you'd pay twice as much, and get better/fancier food?  Sure.  What's on offer here isn't fancy, but it is decent, and fairly priced for what it is.
I really like Bill's breakfasts! I can call ahead for a pepper and egg on toasted rye, and it's ready when I get off the el. $4! A yummy and pretty healthy start to the day.
If you're looking for flavor, quality, and an authentic Philly quick breakfast cafe experience, don't miss the warm hospitality and atmosphere at Bill's. They open just a bit earlier than most places, have a great bunch of regulars most mornings, and plenty of room and top notch service. I've not smiled so often at an earlier morning breakfast cafe in years! My sandwich was an egg/Swiss/spinach and I only WISH I could make one at home so tasty!
Chicken pot pie soup~~~ LOVE IT!  I get it almost every week! $3.51! the best $3.51 you're going to spend!

the prices are fair here n the food is not bad! in fact, the other day i got a breakfast sandwich and it was SO big... i couldn't finish it.. they tried to put like 3 eggs between the 2 buns, crazy!
I stop by for breakfast every now and then to take to work with me, I always order the omelet with French toast and potato's, Its good I've never ordered anything else from there to know what's the rest of the menu taste like
Man, I had such high hopes for this place. Decent vibe, friendly people, I mean everything you would expect in a place like this. 

Since it was my first time, I went easy, simple and classic: porkroll, egg, and cheese with a side of french fries. $7 for a whole lunch, how could I go wrong? 

Unfortunately, It was too good to be true

I took the sandwich + fries to go to walk down my office 1 block away. All excited, I couldn't wait to rip that brown paper bag open. I open the sandwich up to find the thickest slab of pork roll I've ever seen in my life. Think of opening a can of spam and putting that thick meat right on a roll. Let's just say I was already turned off. Well, I decided to keep going... The first bite wasn't a pleasant one. The eggs had the most putrid taste, as if, no one has cleaned the damn grill in years. Usually, I'm all for "leaving the flavors on the grill". But c'mon my eggs were almost black. I stuck it out and ate the first half. I never thought I could say this about a Porkroll egg and cheese, but I couldn't finish it. Through it all, I'm hoping the fries could save this meal, but it did nothing but let me down as well: Cold, plain and soggy. 

I want to go back and try something else, but after that bite, I might only go back as a last resort
Nothing fancy but really fast service during the rush at lunch.
I placed, got my order and paid in under 10 mintues. 
Staff are friendly and efficient. 
The quality of the food is lacking for the price point but it is about average for the area. That said a lot of what they serve can be obtained from a food cart for half the price.
Love this spot! My go to is the Egg, Potato, and Onion breakfast sandwich on a bagel. Cheap, delicious, and keeps you full for half a day. Give the cookies a go too -- their chocolate chip is awesome!
Staying at the ritz and looking for a local and quick place to eat breakfast. Place was clean, quick and good. Pancakes, two egg sandwiches and an omelette for the family. $30. It was great. Got a little taste of philly with locals coming in to order.
5 stars for an overall experience watching the masters at work

Service: the diner staff are like well-oiled machines, they are attentive, take down your orders and names so expediently. They operate so quickly cranking out order after order. They also will heat your order while you are waiting for other guests in their party to get their orders.

Menu: Quite extensive breakfast and lunch menu and SO-WELL PRICED. 

Ambience: You walk in to a simple diner almost a hole in the wall as it's off on a side street (Sansom). You watch the master chef going into action with order after order and the wait staff with such charm and class.

Food: 
I ordered a chicken cutlet (breaded) sandwich at 7AM after a long night shift. The bread was crisp, the spinach and provolone cheese hit the spot. The chicken was cooked beautifully. I probably would have added a sauce to it, but I think it still worked well together. It was quite cheap $10.

Tips/Takeaways:
-Would highly recommend return for breakfast or lunch
-Staff is so friendly and inviting, efficient
-It's an experience to be in such a warm environment
Awesome spot. One of the best bacon egg and cheese sandwiches I've come across in the city. Breakfast potatoes great too!
Loved this place. This is a no frills, great service and very affordable place to come grab breakfast or lunch. It has a diner feel to it, smack in the middle of center city. It reminds me of the old philly, don't get me wrong I love all the new posh restaurants we have now, but the nostalgia was just nice. I love a simple American breakfast, 3 eggs bacon with butter and jelly toast with a cup of coffee. Eggs were cooked perfectly over medium like I asked and the bacon was super crispy. Coffee leaves something to be desired but no big deal for me. Service was polite and quick. Really enjoyed it.
Yeah this place is insane, one of the best breakfast diners I've been to. Small space and you see all of your food being made in front of you. The grits I had here were insane and i don't even like grits. Also they put butter on all 3 pancakes in a short stack so u know it's legit
I have long been on the quest for a good Turkey Special.  A simple request one would think but the number of deli's and dinners I have checked with, made me wonder if I had imagined this sandwich  I used to enjoy as a kid.  

I've been to Bill's many times and all their food is good.  Portions are good.  Pricing is great.  Location is nice.  It's also one of the few spots you can find Black Cherry Wishniak soda, also a favorite from my college days.

(Side note: recently they have not had the soda in stock, a disappointment but not worth losing a star over.  I assume they are just out of stock... I hope!)

Anyway, today I read the menu and saw listed for the first time, a corned beef special.  My jaw dropped.  I asked for a turkey special, not listed and the wait staff took the order no questions asked.  It was perfect, just as I remembered.  Finally found it!!

Thank you Bill's!
