Super chill local bar in East Falls. I would compare it to something like Cheers. Everyone is friendly- the bartender is social and chats it up with the patrons. I felt very at home here, by myself looking to have some dinner and a few beers. The $5 Chicken sandwich special they were running that night was phenomenal. You have 4 options to which you can choose to prepare your sandwich. I chose the Italian Style Chicken Wrap which was tender, juicy chicken with peppers and I believe provolone... all melted together to make an F'n awesome combination. I would suggest checking this spot out when you want to stay near home and grab a cheap bite and some good brews. I can't stress enough that this is a CASH ONLY establishment! (They do have an atm)
I came here because of the great Yelp Reviews and because I am always eager to new watering holes here in East Falls.  If you are a regular, the 4-5 star reviews make sense.

Although the place doesn't seem to be updated since the late 70s-early 80s(aside from an ATM or MP3 jukebox), outside, you would barely notice the place, as the signs are run down and inside is equally run down, this has no problem attracting a crowd.  For a Thursday night, it was packed and there were a lot of people of different ages and everyone seem to know each other, both patrons and bartenders.

But for a newcomer, Billy Murphy;s wasn't very welcome. The first thing that happen when I arrive, I ask for a drink and got it from a male bartender.  I ask for a menu from him. He  doesn't give it to me, just starts chatting with one of the regulars and starts to ignore me. First red flag in my mind!! Then, a female bartender comes and I ask her for a menu, she brings it.  I order a cheesesteak.  The next problem is that the food starts to take a while, by 15 minutes (where I am starting to become a little concerned), the lady bartender ensure its coming.  Soon, it becomes 25-30 minutes, I tell her, "I don't mean to complain, but its a cheesesteak,"  She goes, "I know.." I mean, we're in Philly, anyone in Philadelphia knows it doesn't take a half and hour to make a cheesesteak.  2nd red flag in my head!! Its arrive after a half and hour and to be fair, the cheesesteak was pretty good. 

As I am eating, I notice the bartenders continue to greet the regulars who come in and be very super chatty with them.  Only the lady bartender says to me, "Are you OK?" on occasion, but since I am a stranger to them, they pay very little attention to me and spent enormous attention on any regular who comes through the door or asks for more beer.  Sorry, but there are many bars, where bartenders pay equal attention to every customer, not take favorites (which is a major pet peeve to me).  That I'm new is not an excuse, you can get to know me if you talk to me.

I haven't held it against places for not accepting credit cards, but I was so cranky by the lack of service, that I felt like shouting, "Get with the program, its 2012", by that point. Perhaps the place has enough regulars that it doesn't need to accommodate new ones, but us new ones are people too, try to make us feel welcome as the regulars.
Friends and I went for a drink. My 27-year old friend was denied service because his ID was worn. He was refused service and told to leave, meanwhile other friends weren't even carded. This was the most bogus act of discrimination and power tripping. Any place that decides to do business this way does not deserve my money. It sure is a shame because the food is delicious....
On Tuesdays, we eat turf burgers. For $5 a pop, these juicy burgers are smothered in chipotle aioli, cheese, fried onions, jalepenos, and bacon. Seriously one of the best burgers I've ever had. Pair it with some fries and ask for extra chipotle aioli for dipping, and you'll be satisfied, guaranteed.
I can't believe I have never reviewed this place as I am a regular patron (Duchess, according to Yelp).  It's my local addiction.  

The food alone is a reason to go - brilliant pub grub. Wing night Wednesday has been a favorite for years.  $5 Burger Tuesday has you eating on a dime.  Get the Turf Burger - signature for Billy Murphy's - bacon, jalapeños, aioli & caramelized onion.  Sinful but worth the splurge - especially when it's the special.  My latest addiction has been the pork carnitas tacos with lime and cilantro.  Fries always come with aioli sauce for dipping and they're fabulous! The food is always consistently good and the portions are pleasing. 

Complimenting the food is the knowledgeable and friendly staff who are usually flat to the mat because it gets packed for these special nights.  Just the same, they always deliver service with a smile.  It seats about 60 or so - some tables to dine and a large free-form bar.  They have a digital jukebox and some TVs. It's kinda dark and unchanged since it opened, likely. It's pretty standard but just a great dive bar with no real frills other than being a great meet spot in the neighborhood.  They have reasonable prices and a great draft and bottle selection sure to please most.  (I had a pear cider tonight that was yum!) Full glasses and happy, familiar faces are a sure thing.  They have added, fairly recently, an outdoor deck that is welcoming, too. 

I can't say enough good about the place.  It reads like a photo album of friends as there's historical photos from all the years past.  Even if you are not from the neighborhood, you can feel the East Falls love that continues to perpetuate the friendly vibe that makes such a sweet meet spot.
Food: 2/2
Service: 1.5/1.5
Value: 1.5/1.5

Total: 5/5

First off - CASH ONLY establishment.  They do have an ATM, but unless you like buying your money, bring some tangible currency, folks.

My wife and I finally made it out to this place, and we were back within 24 hours for a follow-up visit.  We had the delightful server, Dan, who was both pleasant and nonintrusive.  If you're lucky, he will even sing your order back to you.  

Unbeknownst to us, we were there for $5.00 burger night - that's any burger for a mere $5.00.  I went with the Turf, and my wife (who has Siliacs) got the same without a bun, which was a sincere loss as these are Le Bus buns, which rule.

Our second visit was on 50 cent wing-night.  Unfortunately, 50 Cent was nowhere to be seen, but the wings (10 'hot' and 10 honey BBQ - the hot were delicious, but hardly spicy) were wonderful.  Additionally, since we're a couple of chubsters, I got the Von Hayes sandwich (basically a cheesesteak with caramelized onions, 'salami' that may have just been pork roll, and a wonderful aioli), which I adored, and my wife tried their chicken nachos which were fine.

As for the alcoholic beverages - my wife and I don't drink.  Now that I have lost half of the audience that read even this far, it appeared that they had a nice variety of drinks at reasonable prices, including something with grapefruit in it and an array of microbrews.  And, for what it's worth, their Cherry Coke ratio of soda to grenadine is stellar.

All the while, we were able to watch the Olympics on several of the TVs posted around the building.  While the crowd didn't seem particularly invested in the games, I imagine this would be a great place to watch a Philadelphia playoff game - all we need is a professional sports team to make it to the playoffs.

Let me be clear here.  This place is exactly what you would expect from an "Irish Saloon."  It's cramped, with fattening, often greasy food.  You are going to sit near other people.  You will certainly hear some of, if not all of Sugar Ray's musical catalog.  And above all else, you are going to stuff your face with fare that no doctor would recommend.  It is because all of these things that I cannot recommend this establishment enough.  You will have a lovely night out with delicious food, service, and entertainment, all of which can be yours for a few bucks.
Typical Philadelphia crap service! I went there to watch a Flyers game on a Wednesday night so the place is standing room only, They have two bartenders serving the entire place ( I meant two morons) I ordered chicken tenders and after I reminded one of the dopes behind the bar an hour later they finaly came out. Do some planning or maybe you don't need the extra sales or the repeat business!
If you like 70's wood paneling, Budweiser and your typical old school underwhelming bar food this place is for you
3 words: neighborhood dive bar. 

If you know what to expect, you will be satisfied! They have decent food, beer selection, and friendly service. We decided to go on a Friday night right before a flyers playoff game. We walked in and were greeted by the bartender. He said to pick any table, so we did. There were only 2 other tables occupied at the time, so we picked a seat by the window. We were promptly provided with menus and placed drink orders. 

Now, for the food: for an appetizer, we got the pig wings. They have a variety of different sauces to choose from, but we went with the spicy barbecue hot sauce and it was really tasty with the perfect amount of heat. For our meals we each got a burger since that is sort of what they are known for. My husband got the turf burger and I got the last burger listed on the menu (forget the name). The burgers were delicious, especially the pickles! 

Overall, we would go back! The service is a very neighborhood feel.
Earth-shatteringly good "turf" burger. 

The turf burger came on a thin, soft, and chewy brioche bun that yielded nicely to the beef. 

The beef patty was gargatuan in size (likely 8-10oz) and cooked to a perfect medium. I'd wager the meat was slightly on the lean side (I'd add maybe 5 percentage points of fat.) However, the beef tasted fresh and had a dense, but still crumbly and juicy, mouthfeel. 

The toppings were an explosive heap of flavors. There were crisp julienned onion strings that were savoury and slightly caramelized.  There was lightly crunchy bacon that still had a bit of chew. There was deeply savoury and salty yellow American cheese (this is the only context where I think American is an appropriate choice.) There were lightly pickled and lightly charred jalapeño coins. 

Oozing over all these toppings was a creamy, goopy, flavor bomb of burger sauce (something like thosand island dressing).

This burger was a perfect concatenation of flavors and textures. The soft and delicate bun. The crisp onions. The savoury and sweet dressing swimming with melted American cheese. The bite of the jalapeños crying through the fats. The oozy, juicy burger dripping jus as you caressed it between your lips. There are few things more enjoyable than discovering an excellent burger.
This bar is always at the top of their game. Top notch kitchen help sets the bar for local bar food. Beer selection has evolved incredibly over the past few years. That's  the black and white. What makes this famous neighborhood spot great is the warm family feel. Billy (RIP) Patty and Mike continue the 30 plus year tradition of making you feel welcome from your first  visit. This is a great place to grab a quiet afternoon beer or meal or a fun friendly Bonjovi free night to meet old and new friends. Multiple well positioned TVs, make this sports friendly bar a great place to catch college or pro games. Bartenders know the beer and are pleasant.  Vegans will be as pleased as Burger and Cheesesteak lovers. Try the Chicken Pot Pie, Turf Burger or Pig Wings. Age runs the gamut which is nice.
I've lived a block or so from Murphy's for over a year, and I'd never been until tonight.  Man. Was I missing out.  Totally a neighborhood jam.  Bring your cash and keep the plastic at home. Everyone is friendly. Felt right at home from the first minute. 

Bonus point 1: Some friends of mine were captivated by the golf video game and knocked a beer onto the floor - party foul!  And so, the bartender comes out with a fresh PITCHER for us!  What a champ.  
Bonus point 2: We had just been talking about It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, when the bartender rings the bell and asks the bar if it's cool if he changes to the TV show away from the Phils being crushed by the Astros.  

Great People
Tasty Food
Cozy Feel
Decent Beer Selection
And you don't have to scream just to talk to your neighbor. 

Now, if only I wasn't in school and could just hang out here with my buddies.  

AWESOME.
A great neighborhood bar!  There food is excellent, and most things are homemade.  The wings are excellent, and the fried chicken sandwich is hand battered and fried.  There are always some colorful locals in here to enjoy a beer with.  This is a family business, with a lot of pride and it shows.  This is a stop when I am in the area, because there is no place better to grab lunch.  I very much enjoy the roast beef club sandwich and homemade potato salad.  I highly recommend it.  It is a true gathering place for old and new friends.
We really wanted to like this place.  We came in about 6 months ago and had a great experience with a different bartender.  We only had drinks then and said we wanted to try the food at some point so we came back today to watch the Eagles game.

We had a red-head as our bartender who was nice but kept disappearing every chance she could get.  The service was extremely slow.  She was more concerned about talking to the other male patrons when she should have been attending to everyone else.  

The chicken sandwiches came out quick but were extremely bland.  I'm not sure how the rest of the food on the menu is but what we ordered we could have easily made better at home.  

Kicker is it's CASH ONLY.  Really??  Isn't it 2013? we were instructed to go across the street to the next bar to use the atm. Nice finish to the evening.

Not a good day at Billy Murphys's.  Maybe it was an off day but we've definitely been to better low-key bars in the area.
Man... I was not expecting much out of this dive bar but boy was I wrong. I got an order of the mild-a-que pig wings. These come as an order of very meaty pig shank that are oven baked and then flash fried. The mild-a-que sauce was very good and flavorful. The meat on the bones was very tender and moist with a very light crisp as you bite into them. My fiancé also got the crab cake salad which was also very surprising. This crab cake reminded me of the crab cakes you get down in Maryland around the Chesapeake but are somehow in a small dive bar in Roxborough. Needless to say we will be back!!
Was looking for a good cheesesteak close to my place, found this place and no doubt was one of the better cheesesteaks I've ever had, up there with, or better than Jim's,, bread was super soft,, huge portions and the meat was so good and so tasty, very good beer selection, had to be patient as the bartender was serving the entire restaurant, but dude was cool and did a great job, would come back here for sure
Great neighborhood bar for a beer and a signature sandwich. My boyfriend and I are already addicted to the Von Hayes sandwich.  Everyone behind the bar counter has taken the time to chat with me, and I've only been here twice.
This place was a recommendation from my uncle who would always stop by to say hello to his friend, the late Mr. Murphy. As an East Fallser of the past 5 years, I found this place to be my second home and great place to catch a beer while waiting for the train. The friendly patrons make it easy to find yourself in conversation and keeps the atmosphere fun and and warmly welcoming. 

The food is actually pretty good and Murphy (the owner) always makes us feel at home. The pictures covering the walls are a reminder of good times passed. Wing night is our weekly staple and love to see and meet new friends every week. 

A bit retro? Yes, but the old school atmosphere is more inviting than most people are used to. Be sure to bring cash as they are not credit card friendly. Good tunes are always played and good times are always shared. I consider this my favorite neighborhood bar in Philadelphia!
Murphy's is a staple and comes highly recommended by anyone in the area.  Love a bar with wood paneling, nice people and good food.  Everyone who works here/hangs out is so friendly. They have a nice bottle selection, some decent beers on tap, and the food, especially for bar food, is really pretty great.  Probably the best spot to go hang out for a drink in EF.
Love this place! Just try to go at night(after6) when the old local woman isn't working. Miserable is an understatement AND I'm a local! Had to walk up to the bar for a menu, to place my drink order and place my food order. Otherwise awesome place!
Came here for dinner on a Friday night around 8:30. All the stools around the bar were taken, but the tables were wide open. 

There was a nice selection of craft beer; my boyfriend and I didn't need to see what else they may have. The food menu wasn't very large, but that doesn't matter at all because the food was so. good. 

We both got the Turf burger--burger with cheese, chipotle aioli, bacon, and jalapeños--and were not disappointed. The thing was loaded with jalapeños and was cooked to perfection. The burgers didn't come with fries, but those can be ordered as a side. We got the small order of sweet potato fries and I was nervous the small wouldn't be enough for us to split......I love food and don't like to share. Surprisingly, we couldn't finish the basket! Also, the cinnamon honey sauce--holy smokes. Highly recommend!

The service was fast and friendly, too. They didn't hover or check back too often, which was nice.
Chicken. Pot. Pie. That is all.
Nearly...
Just moved to East Falls and my only question is whether I can move closer to Billy Murphy's!!  And I'm only two houses down!!  But I'm thinking a cot inside would be EVEN BETTER.
Because I could LIVE at Billy Murphy's!!!
Great people, music (live and juke), great food, great service.
Everything is awesome. Every time.
OMG the turf burger is LIFE!!!

So glad to have this place in my neighborhood. I'm not big on bars these days, but I love pub fare. 

Yelp wants me to write more.

Ummm...just get the damn turf burger. Like, do it. Then, join a gym, or start mountain biking over in Wissahickon so you can work up to a cheat day and get this thing, and not feel guilty about its deliciousness. It was so good. Okay, I cried while eating it. Yes, it's THAT good.
As a fan of good neighborhood bars, Billy Murphy's Irish Saloonery is a good as it gets.
Located in East Falls, both worth the trip.
Good food, inexpensive drinks, and you are actually able to have a conversation with the people next to you.
If you happen to be in East Falls, stop by and have a pint.
Food is incredible and without a doubt, prob the best takeout spot in the area. You have to pick up, but it's so worth it!  Nothing like biting into a big plate of fries and onion rings and hearing the crunch!  Know what's even better, the dipping sauces they pair w both. Finger licking good!
This place is the sh#t. Pig wings... Why do chicken wings even exist? Awesome, old place. My long ago deceased grandfather lived in East Falls. I like to think he went here after a long day of work. I'll never know but we all live around the shadows of the past in a way don't we? I very much don't live in East Falls but I go out of my way to come here. Great neighborhood. Go here, make a day of it. Walk up the Schuylkill, go to Laurel Hill cemetery then go to Billy Murphy's for beer and pig wiiiiiiiiiings.
Wow...I haven't been able to find a really cool dive bar since moving to Philly 5 years ago. Sure I've been to some around my neighborhood, but I mean the kind where you just FEEL at home. 

Unfortunately, I'm not a big drinker anymore and this is a ways from my home. It is close to my work though and a group of us decided to stop by after work to send my old boss off to their new job. 

It's a cash only bar but they have an atm inside. For a dive bar, it is pretty clean and they have a very decent selection of food and drinks. The bartenders were very nice and friendly and there were several neighborhood patrons hanging out, which is always a good sign. Some of my coworkers ordered food and they thoroughly enjoyed them. I snuck some fried pickles off their plates and they were very good. 

If I'm ever in the mood for a drink again after work, I would definitely stop by here.
I'm not gonna lie, when people invited me to this place I was not excited. I had never heard about it and it sounded/looked below average. However, I was surprised with a great experience. 

I got the fish tacos and they were solid. The thing I loved the most was the sweet potato fries and whatever dip the gave. It was the perfect combination! 

The only annoying thing about this place is that it's cash only. And on top of that their ATM machine was janky. 


Last but not least they had tv's all around to watch sports so that's always a plus. So grab some cash and friends and check it out.
Essentially the platonic ideal of what a neighborhood bar should be. A fairly priced rotating selection of draft beers that range from dependable at worst to sublime at best, plus a varied selection of bottles and cans. An across-the-board friendly staff and regulars. Excellent bang-for-your-buck bar food, including the best burger in East Falls (and among the best you'll find in any Philly bar) and their famous pig wings, a staple of football Sundays.

The decor is old school with a familiar charm, like an extended family collage that keeps building upon itself as time marches on. Tuesday's quizzo night is challenging and competitive, and also represents the night of the burger and beer of the month special. There's always solid alternative or classic rock on, and a jukebox if you're so inclined to spice up the selection a bit.

Because of the wide range of positives, it's easy to settle into Murphy's in any scenario from family dining to a casual date to watching sports on their many TVs. The bar's popularity is its only drawback; on a busy night, the bar fills up without much trouble. It's also cash only, but there is an ATM on the premises.
TURF BURGER IS AWESOME!! Old corner bar in the East Falls section of Philly that's nothing more than typical, BUT they are sitting on a gold mine with their Chef & his Turf burger. Its awesome!  ***  However, I would not recommend deviating from the menu as they don't handle substitutions well. Buddy of mine had his burger (w/ a special request) botched TWICE. But stick to the menu & you'll be happy!
$5 Turf burger Tuesday's! How can you say no to that?

Their award-winning burger is one of the best I've had, and for $5 on Tuesday's, it can't be beat. The turf burger is topped with bacon, american cheese, fried onions, jalapeños, and chipotle aioli on a brioche bun. You'd want to order two but one is pretty filling as is. Order a side of fries or onion rings, and you have yourself a solid meal. Great place for some food and drinks!
Beware the onion rings!  Worst heartburn ever. I've had them three times and each time I woke up in the middle of the night dying. I'm not the only one who has experienced this, friends have had the same horrible heartburn from them!! They are delicious but don't let them fool you!

But the burgers are great. Tuesday burger night is a great deal, I think they have triva later on Tuesdays too.
Stopped in here during a visit to Philly and tried this place out due to the reviews.  Had an opportunity to try the wings, turf burger, chili, and the fried fluffernutter.

The wings are some of the best I've ever had, the flavor was phenomenal.  The turf burger was delicious, gf really enjoyed the chili apparently more than the chili I make  and the fluffernutter is quite the dessert!  Loved this place!
Pretty classic dive bar. You'll probably never drive by this place, because there is nothing nearby. Burgers looked incredible, and were on sale for $5 on Tues., but I couldn't pass up the "pig wings" at $12. Slow roasted pork shanks, flash fried before serving and topped with hot or BBQ sauce (or a combo.) I went with hot. VERY filling. Hand cut Russet fries were superfluous, but I'm glad I got them (a reasonable $2.00 for a nice sized small order.) Sweet potato fries are a buck extra. I'll be back to try the burgers. They also had a deep-fried Fluffernutter on special today, but I passed.

Service was friendly, but laid back.  Lots of regulars here.  I expect to become one.
I have spent more time than I care to admit at Murphy's and I don't think I've ever had a bad time. The staff is friendly with just the right amount of sarcastic comments thrown in. The food is pretty standard bar food, but it's always tasty and priced right. My favorite is a turkey sandwich on rye toast (for real) and their cheesesteaks rival some of the more well known haunts. Be prepared to spend more time than you were planning if you stop in.
This bar made us permanent residents of East Falls. You make a new friend every time you go in, the beer prices are extremely fair, and the food is fantastic! I can't stress enough how friendly everyone is here, from bartenders to patrons! Make sure you try a turf burger, the sweet potato fries, or the under appreciated turkey special! You really can't go wrong. Keep up the good work, Murphs!
Went for a late lunch on a Thursday. A few people seated at the bar. Ordered the Turf Burger and a side of fries ($11). Ate every last bite and was stuffed. Burger was very good. Only sticking point was that it was just a tad greasy but with bacon and fried onions, what can you expect, right? Fries were fresh cut style and were great as well. For $5 on Tuesdays, I may have to revisit and bring some friends.
Great beer selection, good local crowd, and some of the best bar food anywhere.  Their pig wings, nachos, and chicken cheesesteaks are top notch.  The chicken cheesesteak uses breast cutlets as opposed to chicken steak um.  I like the wings the vast majority of the time, but 2 times out of 10 there is something off about them.  Turf burger is excellent as well, and so are their fries.  This is one of my favorite places period.
Great food, homey neighborhood pub atmosphere, good prices.
Every time I go I like it better. And I usually don't go to these kind of places.
It's "Cheers" in real life. They only take cash so bring your Alexander Hamiltons
Best neighborhood bar in Philadelphia. Great food, awesome beer selection, and friendly staff. Cool mix of people and no Bon Jovi.
I went for turf burger Tuesday to meet a friend of mine who is a local. I have to say, one of if not the best burger I have ever had. This place is great value for what you get. All three of us drank and ate and the bill was like $38. The bar is cash only so have cash with you. Awesome local spot though. You'd probably drive by it 9/10 times and never know it was there. It's a dive bar atmosphere with plenty of great beers on tap.
Always great food, great service and great drinks. These were some of the best pork carnitas I've ever had and I have both been to Mexico and worked in a Mexican restaurant. Highly recommend the fries and pork wings. The pork wings are entire 1/4 lb. pork ribs situated like a giant wing that you hold from the bone smothered in one of 5 house made BBQ sauces and $4 a peice normally (which is a tad over priced) but on Sunday they are on special for $2.50 which is just right.
Best kind of bar - neighborhood close, regulars who all know one another, bartenders who give a sh*t and love the establishment and its patrons.  My boyfriend's long-time favorite and growing to be one of mine too.  

The menu is surprisingly expansive, delicious and fresh. The turkey club and crab cake sandwiches are soooooo good and if you happen to enjoy liverwurst, I recently had a sammie on toasted rye and onions and it was pretty tasty! Wing night specials are awesome; my only wish is that they offered drink specials. To my knowledge they never do.

If this is your first or tenth time visiting Murphy's you can spend hours pouring over old photos and articles posted on the walls. This establishment is more than a bar: it's a timeline, a celebration of life and loved ones lost but never forgotten and it's a place where you come to feel a touch of home.
For 5+ years this was my go-to watering hole. And I'm only 25. Wink, wink.

Billy Murphy's was a college wing night staple. Pitchers of beer and wings galore. Even their other food is good - grilled cheese with tomato, tuna salad on wheat. Fries! Oh lordy, must be the oil, the dipping sauce or the company but those steak fries are delish!

This neighborhood gem's food and drink are only topped by the people you'll meet here. Many of them will become lifelong friends. Mike Murphy aka Murphy has taken his father's business and has helped it grow without dampering the close knit, friendly feeling you get when you walk in and see pictures of patrons past on the walls. Anyone who's anyone in Philadelphia has walked, stumbled, heard of Billy Murphy's. And if they haven't, then they're a nobody.

When I lived up the street there were plenty of times when I wandered down to the bar to borrow some ketchup or have Mr. Murphy throw some roast beef outside for my puppy to munch on. Living some 600+ miles away now just doesn't seem fair.
Awesome bar! The place has a great vibe, relaxed, good classic rock music selection not too loud, and the food is great! I go for the city wide (beer and a shot $5) and the Von Hayes sandwich. People who work here are good people. Come here and you will not be disappointed.
Delicious burger with fried onion, bacon , cheese and jalapeño peppers. Woohoo, quite a mouthful.
Fish tacos were fresh and tasty with avocado and nachos were covered with pork, cheese , beans with salsa and sour cream. 
We were satisfied and happy eaters !
Who the heck is Billy Murphy!? That's what I want to know! 

Billy Murphy's Irish Saloon is a rewarding all around hang out. Hidden in the hills of East Falls, it wins where a lot of local pubs don't. For starters the food is filling, fun, and creative. If you don't think it is, at least you can order food later than most, until 1 am and you can't argue with that! 

Additionally Billy's has your typical beer selection, but also has a nice choice of bottled craft beer. I think that's smart. Too much craft beer, or too much of your daddy's beer is going to make me get out the paddy! But having a nice selection across the bored is great for all people and all occasions. That's what life is all about! People and occasions!

The environment is fun. There are some classic elements like a jukebox, games, a cigarette machine, and more. Most importantly I enjoy the wide open bar. I can see anyone in the place. It's easy to talk to people and it makes the room feel bigger, eliminating that stuffy saloon look.

Service was excellent and the bartender was down to earth.

Good times.
One of our all time favorite places, we dream of the day when we can go back in a sit!
Came in with two friends on a Wednesday night for drinks.  I had the sweet potato fries which were only $3 while my friends shared the wings were on special that night.  Long list of beers that were available.  Customer service was great, not too crowded but not too empty.  Definitely enjoyed myself there and would come back for sure!
I previously commented about the crab cake sammy being awesome, but in recent visits I've been trending to the burgers to satisfy my inner carnivore. Since I like a little heat, I find the Turf Burger to be pretty damn satisfying (and recently voted the #1 burger in Philadelphia according to Philly.com). With jalapeños, chipotle aioli, bacon, fried onions, and american cheese (I usually sub provolone) this tasty slab of angus is my new standby. The Turf Burger is in your face and annoyingly good (those jalapeños sneak up on you!), kind of like the bartender that created it. Tuesday is burger day and the Turf Burger is $5 vs $7.50 on other days. Anyway, I'm sure it will kill me some day, but at least I'll die with a smile on my face.
My pops is lucky to have this bar 2-3 blocks from his house, and since he's tried their burger, he now knows it. Billy Murphy's is the epitome of a hidden gem; an old school joint where old timers flock together and sports fans unite around tv screens during game time. Locals are in the know and tourists are most likely not. That's something to appreciate. So are their burgers.

A few years back, Billy's legendary Turf Burger won a favorite burger poll conducted by philly.com. I've eaten this burger twice now, and it's a damn good burger. The default setting involves a sizable burger patty, American cheese, fried onions, bacon, chipotle aioli, and jalapeño peppers, all stacked on an eggy soft bun. When I order, I ask that the peppers be left off. The first time, they complied with my request. The second time, they did not. I'm pleased to say that I wasn't actually bothered and wound up destroying my second Turf Burger as fast and furiously as the first. Worth mentioning: I also request medium rare.

The zingy chipotle aioli so generously slathered on their signature burger is also served alongside their hand cut fries, which are worth getting. They're fresh, crisp, and non-greasy on their best days. On their worst, the deep fryer has rendered their skins overly brown and crunchy, sucking the fluff dry from their insides.

I may be late to this East Falls party, but now that Billy and I have become properly acquainted, I'm here to stay (as long as the surly locals let me). And let's face it: I'll probably never deviate from their burgers, especially the Turf Burger. But on one of my more ambitiously hangry nights, I'll bring some buds so we can nosh through most of the remaining menu and cap it all off with a beer.
Best wings on the face of the planet and its the special every Wednesday... i LOVE EM!
A cool combination of a friendly neighborhood pub with a spectacular menu.  Family owned so be on the lookout for Patty or Mike for a warm hello.
Extensive craft beer and daily specials all priced well.
Kinda of place I could spend an hour or hours.
Turf burgers and fries ( with secret sauce) a big hit with us.
I also could see my crew on the porch for brunch on a sunny day!
A 20 on a scale of 10!
This is what a real neighborhood bar that welcomes everyone should be. Hipster? Blue Collar? Doctor? Teacher? Carpenter? You're all welcome here where there are only two rules: No Bon Jovi on the jukebox (long story) and don't be a jackass. If you can follow those two simple rules, you and yours are more than welcome to great bartenders, decent bar food and a lot of fun and memories. 

The food is good, the beer's always cold and the tvs have whatever you want with them. Not interested in the game? Guaranteed that one of the colorful locals or some other patron would be more than happy to commiserate over a drink about whatever has you down, or happy!

In addition, I think they have the best cheesesteak in Philly. Screw that Passyunk ave tourist crap nonsense, Murph has a good thing here. Not to mention a best of Philly.com burger with the Turf Burger. Seriously, stop reading and get over here! It's been in business since 1977 for a reason. . .
I've been patroning Murphy's for nearly ten years now.  Everyone should have there own version of Cheers and this is what Murphy's is to many lucky people.  The beer selection moves from basic/classic to a handful of craft choices (ie Yards, Victory, Magic Hat).  The atomosphere is perfect for grabbing a stool with a buddy and chatting with your neighbors as its never too loud for conversation.  The bartenders are fine workers and can get caught up sometimes, but its only becasue they're talking to old freinds.   The food is typical bar grub at a good price.  Yet, the burger is big and pretty tasty.
Best bar and best people in Philly. Gotta share this story with you - tonight I was walking to my apt after having some beers and burgers (which are the best in town btw), and I hear someone yelling behind me 2 blocks down from the bar. It was one of the bartenders, Christian, who chased me down to return the extra cash I accidentally left. Can you believe that? I accidentally put down a 50 instead of a 20 and he chased me down to return the extra money. How many people would do that when they could've kept the extra 30 as a cash tip? Unbelievable character of this guy. By the way, I should be writing this review just based on their food alone which is amazing - I usually get turf burgers, sweet potato fries, and wings. Good sweet potato fries are tough to find and almost never good, except here. Bottom line, if you find yourself anywhere in Philadelphia, this place is worth the stop. I'll be back at least once a week for as long as I'm in Philly.
Haven't been here in years and I could kick myself in the ass! The turf burger deserves every award it has ever received. It is so amazing...even in a wrap! The flavors work so well together...you will not be disappointed. Best burger in Philly hands down! Add a side of regular or sweet potato fries or get both like we did :). Both are paired with delicious dipping sauces. Cannot wait to go back and try other things on the menu. Oh and they have hell and high water on tap! Keep up the great work Mike!
Came here after work yesterday looking for a quick bite and a few drinks with a friend. Lucky us - it was burger night.. so we both ordered burgers (a veggie and a regular, Billy maybe?) and a side of fries. Both of our burgers were delicious, especially for the price- and the drinks were just as good. Very friendly bartenders and crowd. I will definitely be returning!
Decided to go here for lunch Thursday since I just started a job in the area and it was in walking distance (About 10 minutes which is totally dependent if you're going up or downhill. Lulz. And, why are there many sections of this 'hood with no sidewalk...) 

Though I am a South Philly girl, I definitely dig the local vibe as it isn't much different from my neighborhood. Perhaps even a little more welcoming. There was atleast 6-7 people in there besides myself and the guy in charge which is pretty sizeable for some places even at Happy Hour. Let alone around 2 PM. 

The bartender was great and made sure I was taken care of the entire time. A "small" order of sweet potato fries (the brown sugar, syrupy sauce they come with is glorious) and two beers (PBR can+ bottle of Coors Light at $3 & $3.50 respectively) came to a little under $10 before tip. 

The only thing is beer prices around here (19148) are a little cheaper. Coors Light Bottles are $3 most spots and you can also get the former for $2 at many places as a pint. Still not too bad, though. I would definitely want to see how the weekend vibe is. Hopefully, it keeps its Irish corner spot charm and doesn't become like nearby Manayunk's Main Street. Never been, but, I've seen d-bag central before elsewhere.
We love this place. It has been our go to spot in the neighborhood since we moved here. The food is outstanding. The turf burger is my favorite. The fries are always good too.
Why isn't there more about this little gem tucked deep in the folds of East Falls? Don't go there for ambiance - don't go for fine dining. BUT get your own little group together, pull some tables together, order some pitchers of good fresh cold beer, eat some excellent basic bar food (turkey club, chix fingers, cheese steaks, fries, burgers and...yes...tuna fish salad) and actually TALK to each other. People may give you odd looks if you sit with friends and text and obsesively and check your iphone, but it's a friendly crowd on the whole, friendly staff mostly, and a great hang out.
So I want to preface by saying I'm a sucker for a dive bar with good food and Billy Murphy's is exactly that. It's cash only so just beware of that before you go! My fiancé and I decided to visit one day after getting a recommendation from a friend. This is definitely the kind of place that has a lot of regulars but despite not being regulars, we felt welcome! The bartender was nice and very attentive to us. Also, the food was great. I highly recommend the buffalo chicken cheesesteak, it is so freaking good. The cheese curds were delicious as well. 

Billy Murphy's is the perfect place to grab a quick bite to eat and drinks in a comfortable setting, for a good price. You might see me there if you decide to go.
Normally,  my family and I love this place.  We must caught the kitchen on an off night,  because everything was sub-par tonight.  Burgers were strangely rare, fries and tacos soggy. Maybe take-out isn't the best option for this spot. Never had a bad bite while dining in.
no drink specials (that i know of). been here a few times, always locals, and not many people. Mixed crowd, more to the older site. If you're not from east falls, or the 'neighborhood' you're looked at as an outsider. then again i guess thats how it is at all local bars. 

go elsewhere if ur not from east falls. trust me
We selected this place from Yelp reviews for happy hour.  Not crowded at all, nobody eating, no happy hour specials except draft beer.  Not friendly at all.  Expensive for a dive bar.   We left, crossed the street to Cranky Jim's and had a much better time.
Billy Murphy's is a nice little jem hidden away I in East falls. It's a cozy bar inside with a excellent rotating craft beers on tap, with your classic hits as well. The burgers are amazing, made in house! High recommend coming here if upur looking for a cozy spot to down some pints and grab a bite to eat.
I live in the neighborhood and have been going to this bar for years. Recently I went with my boyfriend and his son who is 23. The bartender refused to serve us insisting he had a fake ID. She then would not sell me an $18 beer saying it was too expensive. I am 41 years old by the way. I have been coming there for years but this woman bartender was so rude and disrespectful I do not want to go back.
I really love Murph's. I always feel welcome there because the servers and bartenders are super chill and sweet, and the atmosphere is so cozy. The food isn't oily or over-fried (get a burger!) and there's always good music playing. This might be the perfect pub.
Shoooo. Been to this place twice now. Heard about the fried chicken sandwich through the grapevine. This fried chicken sandwich is absolutely unbelievable. Hand breaded. It was enormous had to be at least a 10 oz filet. Delicious, fresh roll which is important. You wouldn't believe how many restaurants take their rolls/buns for granted. Pickles, coleslaw, spicy aoli (got it on the side) were perfect toppings. Hand cut fries. A++. 5 stars. Dane the bartender is the man. I'll Be back. Well done bill murphys.
Great Local Tavern.

Friendly, welcoming staff that are full of suggestions. 

Low key bar food and fun. Great Jukebox, but don't play Bon Jovi if you want to keep the peace, your play will be skipped LoL 
Wing night try the bar-b-hot. Great beers on tap, Circus Boy and Victory Pale Ale delicious.
Its an East Falls must.
I lived in East Falls for almost 7 years.  The last 2 1/2 I lived about a block from Murphy's.  But, it was difficult to find a ton of reasons to come here.  Definitely a place with character.  Still sort of feels like a 70's bar with various photos of Philly sports stars and locals who used to hang out at the place.  It does have a nice neighborhood feel and you meet the occasional friendly local there.  So, I'm a bit snobby about my beer, but their taps all focused on the domestics and they rarely had anything of interest even in a bottle.  (Sometimes Victory Hop Devil.)  The food is fair pub food, though they focus on the greasy.  My girlfriend, who is a vegetarian can't get one thing to eat there.  I don't even think they had a salad?  I guess I always thought the beer prices were a bit much for the type of bar you were in too...  I don't know.  It's a fairly down to earth blue collar-ish neighborhood corner pub.  But, I just never felt too at home.
Nice atmosphere. Friendly staff. Ordered food to go and order had to be returned two times because each time it was wrong. Very allergic to cheese and they kept melting the cheese on the burger. When the order was finally right, the burger was so dry and bland (although it was big and had fresh lettuce and tomato). The fries left quite a bit to be desired, but I am picky about fries.
This is the first place we went in Philly and I'm not sure anywhere has knocked it from the top of the list.  When we lived down the street, it became an extension of our living room.  Turkey special will hopefully return sometime soon! All this typing makes me think its time to go to Murph's.
My husband and I were there on a Friday night and were SO excited to try the turf burger. I'm still wondering how our experience was so different from basically everyone else's. Our server was super nice, but seemed to be the only one so he was slammed. Which is fine, we were there to hang out anyways with some drinks and burgers. My husband and I both got the turf burger. The burger itself was delicious I will say. The bun was not. Both buns were cold, like not just lukewarm, but cold like they had just come from the freezer. My husband was starved so ate it all anyways. I waited 5-10 minutes for our server to come back to send it back, but when I realized he would not be back anytime soon and we had a show to catch, I decided to just not eat the bun but then it took 5 minutes to find someone who could give me a fork. Disappointing experience for a place we were excited to try, and it's too bad because it seems like this is not the typical experience for this place.
CASH only? This is 21st century and I don't care about your prehistoric business operations. That turf burger came out on cold buns, mediocre mayo, greasy meat that soaks up the paper. Not impressed. Not recommend it.
My boyfriend and I live around the corner and I was craving wings. Plenty of outdoor seating on a quiet street. We happened to come on quizzo night, so that was extra entertainment right there! 

I got the frozen rose. It was definitely weird, but I kinda liked it! Not sweet at all. It was definitely just frozen rose. Haha. 

We got the hot wings and burgers for $5 burger night. I thought the sauce was a touch too sweet, but the wings were crispy and otherwise very delicious. I wasn't expecting to order a burger but I figured might as well-- turns out it was one of the best burgers I've eaten in years. Super juicy and seasoned perfectly. I'll be back next week. 

Cash only. They give you the food in take out wrapping even if you're sitting at a table due to COVID, but that's fine with me.
Ive lived in East Falls for three years now and Billy Murphy's may just be one of my favorite things about the neighborhood. 

Its a nice neighborhood bar that has a great, very friendly community about it. You always, whether it is 2Pm or 2AM, have someone to talk to and shoot the shit with, and staff is awesome! Really cant say enough about the staff (and the owner). Really great people.

Food is also pretty damn good, and pretty cheap as well! Get the turf burger... then thank me later.
My friends live in the neighborhood so I've been when visiting them a few times. Absolutely love it here. The bartenders are super friendly and welcoming! Love the neighborhood feel in the bar. They recently updated their menu and I definitely want to head back and try the pork wings and turf burger. Yesterday I got the chicken fingers with side of hot sauce and blue cheese and fries. The chipotle aioli that comes with the fries is super good. And these chicken fingers were delicious! Not too crispy/fried. Drink selection is good and prices are cheap! Definitely want to head back for wing night and quizzo night!
Been here a handful of times since moving--generally, 5 stars. The bartenders have always been extremely friendly and engaging. Also gave me some great recs. Food- the chicken cheesesteak (I added fried onions and sweet peppers) was fantastic. Can't wait to come back for burger night.. my friends had turf burgers and they looked amazing. Also.. please do yourself a favor and get sweet potato fries. Comes with a deadly cinnamon dip.
