It's official: I love this spot. 

My very first experience with soup dumplings actually took place at Bing Bing on the tail end of a girls night out a couple months ago. I thought they were delicious, along with a few other things I was able to try (that bubble tea cocktail - love!), and I couldn't wait to go back. 

Saturday, my fiancé and I decided to swing by for Bing Bing's first lunch service. Apparently the masses had not yet been informed so we were seated right away. The servers were all so friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. They recommend ordering 2-3 plates per person. We ordered: kimchi pork soup dumplings, turnip cake, rice noodle rolls, pan fried bao (mushroom and cheddar), xo chicken wings. We were also treated to the green beans, which are really delicious. 

The soup dumplings were so awesome. I may need my own order next time. Though I certainly wouldn't have room for anything else - the food is very filling and we took enough home for a hefty snack. The bao are pretty large; I loved the taste of the mushroom and cheddar. The turnip cake is super unique and fun to eat. I'd probably pass on the rice noodle rolls in the future only because I enjoyed everything else so much more. Looking forward to my next visit!
I came here with my girlfriend for some delish eats after some Saturday day time shenanigans and what did we find? DIM SUM HAPPY HOUR. Mother of Jesus, I've been saved. Monday through Friday 5-7pm and Saturday and Sunday 3-5pm. We sauntered in around 4 and snagged a seat at the bar and the rest is history.  We ordered the scarlet dumplings and lamb dumplings which were gone in seconds.  To add some veggies to the mix we opted for the cauliflower which was savory and delicious. The Italian Roast Pork Bao was out of this world good as was the caterpillar bread.  A definite must order, you wont regret it.  Lastly we finished off with the cold Kung Foo noodles. Excellent. I can't wait to come back. I love this place!!
Bing Bing is a rip off. 

We left hungry, $200 poorer and butt-hurt from the overpriced, unsatisfying meal. Do yourself a favor and go to a normal Chinese restaurant for dim sum

We waited an hour for a table. Went across the street to the Cantina for a drink while we waited. The hostess said she would call us when our table was ready. She didn't. We came back at 8PM to find out not only did  she not call us, but gave our table away. We waited another 20 minutes for another table.

The food took FOREVER and came out sporadically. Some of us got to eat, some didn't.  At this point it really didn't matter if the food was good or not. We would have eaten anything.

We were literally starving. 

Our bill for 4 people was $200.00. I got 4 tiny dumplings, a small bowl of noodles and 4 small begnet / doughnuts to show for it.

This is just like the tapas/small plate scam that is rampant throughout the city.
So much hype surrounded the opening of Bing Bing that I guess I was expecting more. Ambience and decor are not terribly important to me but I must say I really don't care for the way the place looks and the use of Christmas lights is particularly painful. In most all respects they are trying too hard to be "cool." They were out of three different items when we went, including the lamb ribs which I was planning on getting. I suppose that can be partially attributed to having just opened but still it was disappointing. Service was basically fine although several different people kept coming up to us and asked the same questions (had we ordered drinks, etc. etc.). It looked like they were actually a little overstaffed and the servers were walking around in circles looking for something to do.

The food was actually quite good. The dumplings were really not much different than what you'd expect to find at a traditional dim sum place. My big problem with this place, and the reason for only two stars, is that it's WAY too expensive for the amount of food you get. The soup dumplings (order of 4) for $7 is really steep and also $7 for four "jade dumplings" and those things are TINY. "Crispy little fishes" were also $7. Are these made of fish?? The menu doesn't say. Anyway they were mostly breading and tasty but again a very small portion and basically a ripoff. Dim sum is not supposed to be expensive but if you think you're going to come here and get a meal for $20 you can forget it. And while the dumplings are good, they are pretty much on par with Dim Sum Garden, and not better. Ben Puchowitz may be adding his "creative" touches to them but I'm not interested in paying double for creativity or novelty. I'm a big fan of Cheu and find their portions/prices much more reasonable. The "chow fun," a noodle dish with chinese sausage and jalapeno, was a dish that could easily be found on Cheu's menu and for the same price ($13). But at Bing Bing the portion was not more than 2/3 the size of the Cheu noodle dishes. Am I imagining this?

It's probably just as well that I'm not stoked to come back because I'm sure it will be super-crowded for weeks on end with all the 20-somethings obsessing over the hippest new food joint.

P.S.--if you are looking for truly amazing dim sum with a huge selection and reasonable prices you will not find it in Philly. Jing Fong in NYC is the place to go.
"We're not authentic...But, we keep it real..." 

Amen, Brothers!

Real is what it is, and authentic is not required when the creativity and downright fun quotient is so high in what these dudes turn out.  

We showed up Saturday afternoon when the place was nearly deserted and took a table in the corner nearest the bar.  The place was sunny and as colorful as a Chinese carnival.  Cues of Asian influences abounded, but did not carry the final impression, which was far more idiosyncratic.  Our server fit her part perfectly.  She was alert, funny, cool and ready to engage.  

We were here for a quick stop before other errands.  We ordered only three small plates: Pork Soup Dumplings, Roast Pork Bao and Turnip Cake.  The Happy Buddha and Narragansett Beers were worthy companions.  Each dish was distinctive.  It suggested Chinese cuisine, while tasting quite different.  The Dumplings were tasty and fun.  Once the top knot was bitten off and the Miso Ramen Broth sucked out, the Ginger Vinegar was poured in through the vent, making the Pork Filling tart and a joy to eat.  It was a hybrid taste of slightly thick dumpling skin and Japanese infused innards.  Very nice. 

The Roast Pork Bao was large and golden on top.  The consistency was right for a bun, but it also strongly suggested Kreplach to this Jewish palette. If my grandmother had been Chinese and Jewish, she might have created this masterwork.  It was like putting together a taste puzzle figuring out what this hollow doughball reminded of.  The Long Hots, Spinach and Provolone offered the possibility that someone's Italian aunt had a finger in this recipe.  

Finally, the Turnip Cake was the biggest surprise.  It was made from Matzo Meal, Maple and Bonito, with a Fried Egg on top.  Again, my Polish/Jewish grandmother could not have done better.  It played with my tongue; teasing me to decide what it was all about.  It was delicious, but decided not Chinese.  

"...a Willing Mind and a Willing Stomach," 

Yeah! You got that right.
THE BIG: Bing Bing into the roooooom, I'm gonna bing bing all over you. This joint is located in East Passyunk in South Philly. Situated off a one way street with plenty of outdoor seating. It's also an open air restaurant so if you don't snag an outdoor seating spot, you'll still get the fresh Philly air from inside.

THE BLACK AND WHITE: My buddies and I came here on a Sunday looking for some good asian dim sum. I was expecting traditional asian dim sum but when I arrived, I had to convert my taste buds to situate asian fusion. 

We sat down outside and the waitress was very informative on the menu, which is always helpful. The dim sum menu was pretty small (~10 items) compared to a traditional dim sum place (~40 items). Regardless, we ordered a bunch including some big dishes as well. Here's a breakdown of what we ordered:
+Ma Po Tofu - Creamy and Spicy! This is pretty close to what my mom makes except without the random bok choy floating around. Comes with rice.
+Pork Soup Dumplings - Dim sum item that comes in 4. Proper technique is to have your soup spoon and bit into the side or top and either suck or pour the juice out to drink. Then add the vinegar and eat it. I'm use to thin skin, but the thick skin was interesting.
+Lamb Dumpings - Dim sum item that comes in 5. Red pepper sauce on these bad boys, but again, super tiny.
+Shrimp Dumplings - Dim sum item that comes in 4. It was ok, shrimp didn't taste fresh.
+Lamb Rolls - Dim sum item that comes in 4 aka 2 egg rolls cut in half. Looks and taste exactly like an egg roll.
+Kung Fu Noodles - Cold oiled noodles. This was refreshing on a hot day. One of the big bowls.
+Avocado Bowl - White rice on the bottom, avocado spread on top. Nothing else needs to be said.
+Cafe Ice Cream - Pretty big bowl, with chunks of oreo on top. yumm

THE FINAL BAMBOO: Splitting the bill 4 ways, I paid around $31 (w/o tip) and I felt surprisingly full. Definitely go for the big dishes and treat the "dim sum" as appetizers.
Dim sum said to mean "touch the heart"- literally. That's how anyone feels when Dim Sum(ing). Warm! I was so excited to try Bing Bing out, and my meal confirmed that all the hype has real substance. Still not quite amazing as Cheu Noodle Bar.

I was seated in no time, and in the middle of a communal table, very casual dining. Ordering dim sum is not my expertise, but I figured I'll get a variety. Something baked, something steamed, something to satisfy my sweet tooth. 

Everybody knows that chopsticks are the norm, but believe it or not, I still didn't figure out how to use them- shocking and embarrassing, I know! "There is still some mystery left in this world!" So, naturally, I asked my waiter if I could have a fork- I wasn't there  just for the food pictures, you know! I felt bad after he gave me the look!  Phew! Anyway, I was expecting to be served tea as soon as I sat down, No tea at Bing Bing, so I got a housemade Sichuan ginger beverage. 

Hot off the line, the steamed jade dumplings and the pan-fried bao, came out in traditional round bamboo baskets, with a side of homemade horseradish dip. Also, I had the jumbo soup dumpling, was interesting and delish.
 
The chocolate bao was calling my name, and WA-LA! The The chocolate bao was here. If you don't mind chocolate bourbon-spiked banana , or chocolate Nutella dipping sauce , then you need this in your life ASAP. This is a true heart's delight.

A big plus for Bing Bing would be for the cozy, cute and stylish decor. I like it, although the place may need more light.  This place is scrumptious, with only one drawback: I think it was a bit pricey for Dim Sum! 

Four Yelps!
This was the best meal we had while visiting Philly. Catherine was our waitress and she seriously took care of us. 
We ordered the pork soup dumplings, Dan Dan noodles with mushrooms instead of pork, the cheesesteak bao and the turnip cake. We also got some beer on draft and the coconut milk cocktail. 

While we waited for our food we enjoyed the atmosphere here which is so darling. The rainbow Christmas lights inspired me to hang up some in my house! 

The food came quickly and we jumped right in. The pork soup dumplings were very tasty, but not the best I've ever had. However, the turnip cake and cheesesteak bao were full of flavor and very unique. We also loved the Dan Dan noodles which were so creamy because of the tahini sauce. I would 100% try to make those at home again. Our drinks complimented the meals perfectly and were a great addition to our meals. 

To top the evening off Catherine gave us a long list of beer shops to go and visit and was so kind. She was hilarious and I really enjoyed getting to meet her! 

This is amazing Asian food with a unique spin. If you are in the area you need to stop by.
Bing Bing Dim Sum is just so... cool.  I took my friend who lives in New York here and even he was impressed. The food is familiar, yet fun and so different. Fusion done so absolultely right! 

The space is kind of tiny but vibrant and lively, not the place for an intimate dinner but should be on the top of your list for a fun night out!  Skip the wine list, there are only a few option, and try one of their cocktails, your night will be better for it.  They're inventive, and fun, not too sweet, and juuuust strong enough. 

Now for the food.  You're going to want to try everything.  Take it slow.  The food comes out nice and quick so if you need to order more you can.  Don't miss the soup dumplings - little pocket of heavenly broth that are just as fun to eat as they are tasty.  Now go for some of the fun fusion items.  The Bao Buns are warm, doughy pockets stuffed with perfect amounts of roast pork and provolone, the lamb dumplings pack a huge punch of flavor and are just so different in the best way possible.  I could eat the cold noodles for days.  Honestly I don't think you could go wrong here, and I don't think anything would be bad, but do yourself a huge favor and try one of the outside of the box items!
Bing Bing was so good that it made me sing sing!

When I first heard that te people behind Cheu Noodle Bar were opening a veggie/vegan friendly dim sum spot on Passyunk Ave, it had me longing for the days when I lived just off the avenue and within close proximity. Especially when I saw things on the menu like roast pork bao and chicken sausage congee! It took me forever and a year to here, but when I did I was in awe of the eclectic mural it had outside, the spot on service, and the killer happy hour deals.

From 5-7 on weekdays, and 3-5 over the weekend, you get to enjoy drink specials $6 specialty cocktails, $1 off draft beers, and $10 off their huge ass Happy Family cocktail pitchers. Add in food like the aforementioned pork bao, spicy lamb dumplings, and their signature pickle plate costing just $5 and you have a killer deal.

Despite being so tantalized by their meat offerings, I decided to join my dining partner in enjoying the vegetarian and vegan options (aside from eating the fried egg portion of their turnip cake).  And I was definitely impressed with their flexibility and ability to switch from veggie to vegan as needed for certain dishes. Since it led to wonderful apps like their spicy Sichuan cucumbers; and Scarlet Dumplings with red beet, tofu, and crispy garlic, it proved to be a wise decision. Especially when it came to enjoying a huge bowl of the vegetarian noodles that they had on special and lasted for 2 incredible meals!

Add in cocktails like their soju and gin infused negroni, and beers from the likes of Tired Hands Brewing, and you have another solid Passyunk Ave dining destination!
Three words to live by: Saturday happy hour.

This is a thing that more restaurants are getting into, so my girlfriends and I decided to design a Saturday happy hour bar crawl to get our food and drank on while pinching our pennies.

On a brisk October day (seriously, what is up with this November weather?) we arrived at Bing Bing around 2:30. Happy hour started at 3 but we hadn't eaten since breakfast so we looked at both menus to maximize value. We started with the miso pork soup dumplings and soy sauce pork noodles. The soup dumplings were awesome, but not QUITE as good as Dim Sum Garden. I mean, it was thisclose though. I wanted a little bit more soup. The pork soy sauce noodles were also really delicious, but I didn't like the wide noodle as much as I like the thin hand pulled type at Nan Zhou. All of these are tiny quibbles though - we were immensely satisfied.

When happy hour started, we went big with a pitcher of No Sleep Til Shanghai. $20 pitchers during happy hour is the stuff dreams are made of. My one friend and I polished off this entire pitcher ourselves while we waited for the third member of our party to arrive around 4ish. To provide some additional alcohol buffer, we got the caterpillar bread, which was my favourite bite at Bing Bing. Perfect balance of sweet, savory, crisp exterior, soft bread, spiced pulled pork. Good lord it was amazing. Could have ordered another one just for myself.

When our third arrived, we ordered yet another pitcher. These pitchers were not lacking in booze (unlike a standby Mexican spot on the Ave which will remain unnamed...), and we were sitting pretty by the time we rolled out around 5:30. Service was good and we had no trouble being seated.

Onward to Abe Fisher!

p.s. use their bathroom when you're a little drunk. The wallpaper is hypnotizing. It's also pretty clean.
Bing Bing is your cool cousin that you tell everyone about and want everyone to meet so they think you're cool too. That's why I'm telling you all about it, so you guys think I'm cool. 

A few things you should know:

1. These are not your grandma's dumplings. (My Grandma's Asian, so I can say that). They're not 100% Asian. And they're not 100% not Asian. They're a mix. Don't expect Dim Sum Garden, you're not in Chinatown. It's ok though. Different is good!

2. There will be a wait. Last night (around 8 on a Monday on a super cold night) it was only about a 20 minute wait. The host was great about stalking the tables close to finishing and giving us accurate time estimates, but there's not much room to stand around and wait.

3. It's dim sum. If you try to order your own food and not share with people, I will judge you. Sharing is caring, people. We were 3 people and went with 2 from each section and that was a good amount. Speaking of sharing, you might be sitting with people you don't know, because tables are communal.

4. It's a bit drafty by the windows, and you might not have space to put your coat. 

5. Cabs/ubers/lyfts might be confused about where to drop you off/pick you up. Tell them Morris and East Passyunk. (And pronounce it Pashunk, you noob). It's across from Cantina and diagonal from Birra. 

6. I repeat, you are NOT in Chinatown. Prices will reflect that. It was a little over 20 each without drinks. Great for East Passyunk, not great if you think you're in Chinatown. Think of it as somewhere in between.

7. They have some bottles and cans of beer, some beers on draft (although they were out of one), some great looking cocktails, and pitchers of some good looking cocktails. Will have to come back for those.

In order of preference I liked:
TURNIP CAKE - Turnip for what, you ask? For $9. You get crispy, you get sweet, you get yolk, and you are impressed.
PAN FRIED BAO ($7) - Pastrami. Comes with 2 and Russian Dressing. Tastes like globalization. MM. Delicious.
FRIED CAULIFLOWER ($7) - It's crispy and delicious and healthy cus it's a vegetable.
JUMBO SOUP DUMPLING ($7) -  Somewhat awkward to split, but delicious. Thai-like flavors.
CHOW FUN ($12)- Bigger portion, thick noodles with what tastes like bacon and cucumber, a bit spicy.
CHINESE OKRA- This is their take on crispy cucumbers. The fried onions are super crispy and delicious, and it taste more like ribbons of zucchini than okra, and has a little kick to it.

Note: this is just my preferences, and my co-diners had completely different favorites (but we all agreed on the Turnip Cake, so get that.)

Will definitely be back to sample more dishes and the cocktails. You should check it out too! Or don't cus it'd be nice if there was no line...
A new addition of dim sum in Philadelphia has got the whole city stirring. Being fans of Cheu and of dim sum since we were children, my roommate and I couldn't wait to go to Bing Bing. Even though they're new and hyped AND it was during EPA Restaurant Week, the wait on Wednesday night was only 15 minutes. We were soon seated at the first open communal table. I like how Philly has embraced the communal table and the efficiency of it.

We decided to forego the special EPRW menu since it didn't have soup dumplings, which was the main reason we came. Us two hungry girls quickly decided to order those dumplings, the media-raved pastrami baos, chinese sausage chow fun, steamed fish, and lastly, pea shoots per the recommendation of our waitress. 

The soup dumplings were pretty perfect. The broth was savory and flavorful, the filling was not overcooked, and the dumpling dough is not too thick or thin. Our pea shoots came out. and we couldn't wait to each them with our mains because we were hungry...and then we couldn't stop because they were so delicious. The dark leafy greens have a great crunch and the perfect burst of acidity. On top is a fermented garlic sauce that adds a great umami flavor to the vegetables. 

After a great start to our meal, it unfortunately started to go downhill. The pastrami boas came out. While the innovation and flavor were there, the baos were COLD in the middle. Perhaps the dough is too thick? Definitely mix up the Russian dressing dipping sauce with the table's smoked chili oil. The chow fun came out next and it was so lackluster - our unanimous least favorite of the night. The thick flat noodles were overcooked, the sausage is diced up so finely that it takes away from the salty-sweet flavor, and even the nicely pickled celery and jalapenos couldn't save it for us. The steamed fish with white rice was pretty good (albeit a touch overcooked). It's a nice meaty white fish in a light yet flavorful broth that comes with delicious pickled cabbage (though they use napa cabbage instead of my grandma's version with Chinese cabbage). 

Left a little unsatisfied, we decided we order the popular shrimp and leek jade dumplings. They sure are pretty with their translucent green wrapping. We ended being indifferent to these. They are a take on shu mai. 

We also loved the sound of the cocktail pitchers, so we ordered No Sleep Til Shanghai with five-spice vodka, grapefruit, cocchi rosa aperitif, pomegranate, and thai basil. Of all those great sounding ingredients, the cocktail tasted like a stale citrus candy. I thought it would be complex and interesting with the spiced vodka, citrus and basil, but all of the herb and spiced flavors were overpowered by sugar. Biggest waste of $32; next time we'll save money and STICK TO BEER.

Even though we didn't love a lot of our meal, we gave dessert a go with the bubble waffle since it's also a childhood favorite. While it wasn't bad, it lacked the crispy edges of the authentic street-food-style that we've had. 

Often time with Chinese food, a trendy place will never satisfy as well as the authentic versions that come at a cheaper price anyway. I'd have to say that this is the case with Bing Bing; we didn't feel like our meal was worth $60/pp. We'll definitely make the trip for our soup dumpling cravings but probably not much else.
OK so I was ready to love this place.  Its in my hood, its getting rave reviews, and its WAY cute on the inside.  Their menu is inventive, they have fun drinks, and its expensive.  The only way pricy places stay in business is by being awesome.

I went with 3 girlfriends for a girls night last night, and what ensued can best be described as 'meh'.  It wasn't that I didn't like it.  It was more that everything was fine... but nothing blew my mind.  Nothing was amazing.  I'm not craving a single thing again.  It was all fine.

To recap, we ordered:
Soup Dumplings, Mushroom and Cheddar Bao. Jade Dumplings, Poppyseed dumplings, Sesame Noodles and Fried Cauliflower.  Our plan was to try an array of stuff that sounded appealing, and then double up on what was amazing to fill up (they recommended 3 items per person).  After we finished these 6 items between the 4 of us, we opted to take our calories to Capagiro for some gelato instead.

Again- not sure if its just me... the service was really friendly, the decor was great, and again i love supporting the neighborhood, but the food in chinatown is cheaper, and way tastier.
Not every restaurant that tries can pull off Asian Fusion, but Bing Bing Dim Sum certainly did it. As far as dim sum goes, the food is over-priced for the portion, and everything seems to be on the saltier side, but the menu does have interesting items that look cool and have interesting flavors. 

The Jade dumplings were good! ($7 for 4pcs) I had never had dumplings with a shrimp, peas, and dill filling, but it worked! They also looked cool with the green dumpling shells garnished with crunchy little pearls. 

The Caterpillar Bread ($8 for 2pcs) was also good, but sooo salty. The caramelized honey sauce went well with the sesame bread and bbq pork filling, but they could definitely scale back a bit on the salt. 

Michael F and I also got the Lamb Dumplings (my favorites) served in some type of yogurt sauce, topped with crispy onion and scallions. All ingredients definitely tasted fresh (the dumpling shells seemed like they were made on site from scratch). The flavors were great!

The restaurant itself is cute. Good spot for a date and HH.
Bing Bing. An Asian fusion dim sum joint on east passyunk. Run by two white dudes from south Philly. As a concept, it makes as much sense as a football bat. 

First, East Passyunk. This is an overlooked district in South Philly. An eclectic collection of stores, bars, restaurants, Pollyodd (the only Philly Limoncello joint and worth its own review) and many independent fashion and art galleries. If I could aspire to be cool, this is where I would hang out.  But I'm not, so I don't get here enough. 

Interestingly the big facial hair and plaid shirts common in northern liberties and Fishtown have not found their way here yet. But there are plenty of ladies with plenty of ink. Which is hot. That's how I roll. 

This is a place to stroll, grab a drink, pick up a bottle of 'cello and chill. Give yourself a few hours, make a night of it? You won't be disappointed. 

So now you uber'd over, why Bing Bing? It's a strange place, decorated with custom graffiti and laid out like a weird 1982 kitchen, everything about this place is wrong. There are, by the way, plenty of other places to eat a few yards away. Good places. Normal places. Safe places for Mexican or Italian food. Dare I say it, boring places. So we sat down at a small table on the sidewalk, and we ate. We ate a lot. 

We ordered the spicy lamb dumplings, shrimp dumplings, mapo tofu, fried cauliflower, and surf and turf fried rice. Ok it was a lot, we were hungry. No judging?

Everything was simply excellent. Well spiced to be flavorful and spicy while not overpowering. There is chili oil on the table for the folks who need a food induced sweaty forehead. Perfectly executed. Food comes as it is ready, so order, sit back and enjoy. Portions are decent, with appetizers to share a decent bite at $6-7, entrees largish at $12-16. We spent $25 a head on food and it was a lot for us. Service was terrific, attentive and not intrusive. Polite, efficient, helpful.  Flawless. 

There's a good selection of PBC beers on tap, and good selections on bottles. Locally themed cocktails are well balanced and flavorful, the Sake Balboa and Spritzer Jawn were perfect for a summer evening. Blue Drank and Left My Wallet In El Segundo are available by pitcher. 

If you have missed this neighborhood you should check it out. This is how people remember South Street, even though it was never really like this. If you check it out then Bing Bing is a must to eat. Because something this wrong, badly laid out, ethnically inappropriate and totally out of place? You have to try it, sometimes it's cool to play football with a bat.
Great food, decent happy hour. Prices are fair. 

We ordered a bunch of things off the menu (- variety of dumplings, wontons, noodles,  etc.) everything was pretty good. As for drinks, we ordered the bartender's choice on happy hour and it was not impressive or special. 

We were able to get a table on a Friday without a prior reservation, but we also got there at 5:30 pm, so keep that in mind!
We have been awaiting the opening of this place forever.  The time has finally come and we stopped by on opening night to try out a couple of the dishes.  We tried the potato dumplings, pastrami and swiss bao, crispy little fish, steamed fish, giant soup dumpling, and the chocolate bao for dessert.  All of the dishes were pretty good, well seasoned.  There are a number of quirks still needed to be worked out, which will come with time.  The best dishes were the steamed fish and the potato dumplings.  The gremolata that was on top of the fish was absolutely delicious.  The food has a lot of potential and should get better as time goes on.

The chairs and tables left a little to be desired though.  Since it is freezing in philadelphia, the chairs / tables should have some hooks to hang your coat up.  All coats could only rest under your stool and just seemed disorganized and messy.  Other than that, the experience was worth the wait.  Try this place out soon!
Asian people would say if you're at an Asian restaurant or one that sells Asian food and you do not see a lot of Asian, than you probably shouldn't eat there. I find it to be somewhat true, because Asian people would know where the best Asian foods are. And it wouldn't be P.F. Chang's. LOL Anyhow, the food here is great and so is the service. (Even though we received the wrong check).  I came here with my boyfriend during their opening week. It was super crowded and we had to share a table with others, which wasn't an issue. I really admire the spirit of the place and the decor. The tables, chairs, and especially plates that look like the one I have at home. 

Even though the food is great, I have to say that they are overpriced because of what was served and food portion. You can find better authentic alternatives in Chinatown for less. One of my favorite snacks is Chinese egg waffles, which I get in Chinatown NYC for a buck. Here it is call "bubble waffle." Cute, but  when the lady in front of us referred to it as funnel cake. It was like  "OMG." And she's Asian. Gzz... I love funnel cake too. But these are not the same. But I see her confusion, because at Bing Bing's they sprinkle powdered sugar on the egg waffles. Ahh... 

Overall, not a bad place, hipster like, American take on Asian food similar to how "Cheu Noodle" was done. If you're like a clean place with wait people who speak English and a clear to order menu then come here but I like all the quirkiness that comes from eating in Chinatown. It makes me laugh when I think of some of English translated names on the menu.
Switch up some of the menu sometimes guys. And bring back the wings!! 
Love, 
a local
Is it weird to give a 5 star rating solely based off of one menu item? Because these Italian roast pork bao buns were so deliriously delicious that that's exactly what I'm doing. 

Except not really. I loved the restaurant from the moment I stepped inside. I had a brief wtf moment while walking towards the front door. Because right outside, there is a large window into the kitchen where you can observe lots of white people assembling your soon-to-be dumplings. Definitely made me go 'ehhh, what am I about to do to myself?'

No worries here though. I went on a Sunday evening, and to my surprise there was a weekend happy hour going on! I am definitely of the mind that happy hours should be all days, and of all hours. Big fan. Their happy hour has discounted plates and beverages, like several of their dumplings and their two pitchers of cocktails to name a few. 

I've tried several plates, and everything was very good. But nothing was as good as their roast pork baos. It's a perfect version of an Italian roast pork hoagie but inside of a large, delicious dumpling. It's juicy, fluffy, and crispy all at the same time. They're so good. You have to go and order five of them. And then share them with me. Enjoy!
Bing Bing ........................Who's there?

My favorite Asian Fusion restaurant!  Yes it's true, in case you haven't been paying attention to my profile check-ins, this is by far my favorite place to grab a great meal and have some drinks. To my friends and family, they know this restaurant as "The Bing", And if you are wondering, . . . no I don't live here, I just visit frequently ;) 

The dishes are innovative, the menu is updated with new items throughout the year and as the seasons change. The team at "The Bing", led by Manager Erica are fantastic, and the service is excellent. The wedge shaped space is sharply decorated with dumpling cartoon characters on the walls and outdoor seating is available in warmer weather. The large windows open to the outside space and invite the sights and sounds of this corner of East Passyunk Ave neighborhood to your dining experience. They have a full service bar that features craft beers and numerous innovative drinks that complement the flavors of their dishes. Ask about the cocktail of the day.

What should you try when you visit, I say Try Everything, because it is difficult to pick a favorite here as each dish will rise to the top of your list as you try each one. If I were forced to pick one favorite, (don't make me pick, I luv them all!) it would have to be the Roast Pork Bao. For those unfamiliar with Bao's, they are Chinese steamed buns filled with ingredients that vary from meat to vegetables or both. The dough used for baos is a perfect mixture of softness and sweetness.  At "The Bing"  They fill their Bao's with Spinach, long hots, and sharp provolone. (2pcs. per order). Think of it as a Chinese version of a South Philly pulled pork sandwich. Don't forget to us the Chili oil on these. After you try one, you will understand there is a reason Bao rhymes with WOW.

Other favorites are the Soup Dumplings, Caterpillar bread, Brussels Sprouts and the Ribs. Wait, who am I kidding, everything here is my favorite, people who know me will see through this review.  That said, I wont review everything in detail, get your self over to "The Bing" and try the dishes for your self. There is a reason "The Bing" is listed on the 'Top 50 best restaurants' in Philadelphia. Don't forget to try the house made soft-serve ice-cream for dessert and tell Erica and team I sent you.

Note: Brunch is available at Bing Bing Dim Sum on Saturday and Sunday from noon to 3 p.m.
I'm on the dumpling train and I'm staying on. Really though this place is great if your in the mood for dim sum.

Paper lanterns, twinkle lights & crazy anime wallpaper greets you as you walk into Bing Bing. 

We brought our kids (Yelp said kid friendly). Other tables of kids as well. If your kid only eats chicken fingers not the place for you. 

We went during happy hour w/o rez so a 1/2 hr wait at 5ish. Ordered a soda for the kiddos (thrilled cause no soda at home) and the $5 bartenders choice cocktail which was a sweet bay breeze normally not a sweet drink person but it was good.

Waited on by Nat who was a great server with a sweet approach. He offered some great suggestions and we ordered them all.

Started with the caterpillar pork roll. Yes Bing yes. Savory pork rolled in bread topped with dark honey. If you go to Bing Bing a must try.

Kids had the pork soup dumplings. Excellent they ate every bite. Bite off the hot tip to let it cool & drink the delicious soup out, fun and yummy. They also had the soy sauce pork noodles . Big bowl of salty soft noodles with veggies. Very good and perfect for sharing.

Next my fav the sweet & sour brussels sprouts... oh my! My kids ate them... my kids NEVER eat brussels sprouts. My daughter said it was better than a chicken nugget?! What?! Sweet glaze with a little kick of red pepper rings. I could of eaten that alone and called it a night.

Hubs had the bbq ribs and rice. They are salty but I love salty and the meat was tender. Decent portion.

I had the General Tso's rice cakes. Not what I expected but good none the less. Slices of soft rice cake in a savory sauce with veggies. Kids tried and liked it as well. 

Oh forgot to mention the grown ups split a pitcher of blue drank. Happy hour $10!!!
Went their for dinner yesterday . It was a half an hour wait as always can't reserve in this place don't know why . 
What we ordered 
2-  Scarlet dumpling 
1 - cucumber salad with Thai basil and tofu 
1 - mapo tofu 

All vegetarian we really enjoyed it . Service was great and food came out in a nice pace . Dumplings first then the cucumber and the mapo tofu . 
Only thing I didn't like was Mopo Tofu comes with rice usually it comes side by side but yesterday they served over rice which was not really well presented . So whenever you order Mapo Tofu make sure to ask rice and tofu served separately. 
Other than that is it always fun to come here .
An Asian fusion hipster Dim Sum spot was worth the ride over to Passyunk. We started with pork soup dumplings and beets dumplings. Compared to Chinatown, the soup dumplings tasted like bland miso. I was really looking forward to the beet dumplings, but they didn't have much flavor to them. 
The Dan Dan was okay, but there are other places in the city that do a much better job with the flavor. The mushroom topping was a cool twist though. 
The Mapo Tofu was the best dish by far... it has flavor! 

Overall I wasn't too impressed by the twist on Asian, especially when Chinatown is so close.
I wish I could give this place a better review, because I love Chue Noodle Bar. Unfortunately, I can't because I was completely underwhelmed. We sat at the bar because the place was packed. Which, I was excited by. It's good to see a local favorite expand. However, at the bar we were charged for the soda water in our cocktails! I could not believe this. It was already $9 for the vodka, charging another dollar for the soda was just silly. Our bartender was awesome and I tipped him well regardless. My boyfriend and I ordered 3 types of dumplings and and order of Bao. We were completely disappointed. Not only are the portions tiny, the food was just mediocre. And, crazy expensive. $60 later and still hungry we headed to our favorite Pho spot to actually eat dinner. If you want Dim Sum, go to Chinatown. The flavor, price you pay and portions are much better. You can eat dumplings all day for half the price and twice the food at Dim Sum Garden.
We had heard a lot of good things about Bing Bing and it's sister shop Cheu Noodle Bar. We have been wanting to try them both out for quite sometime now. We had a really great meal and super fun time here! It makes us look forward to trying Cheu even more! 

A little bit of a wait (15 minutes or so) even on a frigid Saturday afternoon around 1:30pm which I can see may be a common thing as the place is small. Cozy and super cute, but on the small side. It wasn't a big deal. We headed to the bar, warmed up and shared a "Sake Balboa" (sake, soju, campari, Anjou pear and honey with lemon rind garnish $9) while the kiddos stared at the funky wallpaper and lights that so festively decorate the adorable little corner spot. The name of the drink itself sold us. It was delicious and a perfectly Philly themed beverage. Sweet, but not overly so and one of those drinks you swear has no alcohol until it hits you moments later. 

The hostess came to grab us and seated us in a cozy, wooden booth with pagoda/pergola style cut out covering above. The kids thought it was groovy. Hubby ordered a "Blue Drank" (vodka, soju, citrus, pineapple juice, blue Curaçao and ginger with pineapple wedge garnish $9-also available by the pitcher for $30!) I honestly think he just liked saying "draaaank" which he said for the rest of the meal. This too was delish! Drink game on point. Or on fleek. Is that still a thing? 

We ordered:
 -Sweet & Sour Brussels (with pumpkin seeds and chilies-gluten free and veg $9) which were to die for!! Oh my goodness yum!! Sinfully yum! That sauce!! ((Currently craving!)). 

-Scarlet Dumplings which were gorgeous colored beet dumplings filled with tofu and crispy garlic, sprinkled with sesame seeds (4 for $7 also gluten free and veg). They were very tasty. Loved the soft exterior and bit of crunch on the inside. My little girl pretty much ate the entire order. 

-We split the Wok Fried Udon Noodles with pressed tofu, mushrooms, chili oil (which we asked for on the side for calorie and spice reasons for the kiddos) and satay sauce for $14. It wasn't noted on the menu, but this dish came with Bok Choy which my 7 year old informed me is the inside of bamboo. (Side note: I love raising baby foodies and all around cool kids). The whole fam loved these! The tofu was cooked to perfection (and I am fairly picky about my tofu) and the taste was unreal! My daughter even commented on the consistency of the tofu which she loved and picked out of the dish. Yum! Big portion. Lots of leftovers. 

-Hubby also got the roast pork bao with sharp provolone, spinach and long hots (2 for $7). I've never seen cheese in dim sum places. Interesting. He really enjoyed them. 

-They also have kid portion udon noodles for $6 with butter or satay sauce. It's not listed, just ask. 

As if all of that wasn't enough, hubs wanted dessert! Shamrock mint or Whiskey chocolate soft serve for $6 in a waffle cone with Nutella chocolate sauce and Jimmies. (Not to be confused with sprinkles. This is Philly!) 

The menu was smaller, but really covered it all. It was kitschy and inventive. We will definitely be back! Lovely addition to the East Passyunk fam. Happy to have it so close to home!! 

Dylan age 4: 5 yelps 
Madison age 7: went from a 5 to a 3 because she was insulted the waitress brought her "baby chopsticks" when she knows how to use the real thing. Haha
Hubby: 4.5 yelps 
Me: 4.5 yelps.
Overpriced, below-average dim-sum. We had the pork bao buns and the meat tasted strange and the bao was really buttery, oddly tasting like a pizza hut pan pizza crust. The Soup dumplings were bland. The lamb rolls were alright, but pretty greasy because they were deep fried. I did enjoy the crab fried rice, but it was nothing better than fried rice you could get in chinatown. If you are coming here at peak hours, try to make a reservation in advance or be prepared to sit outside and/or wait an hour. 

If you can go to chinatown, I would suggest you go to Ocean Harbor for Brunch if you want to have a real and delicious dim sum experience. If you just want soup dumplings, go to dim sum garden. Probably wont be coming back here again.
If you expect nothing from anybody, you're never disappointed. ― Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar

Unfortunately, I think Philadelphia has a case of the opposite. We, as a city of foodie folks, expect the very best from our chefs. The new ones. The veterans. The young ones. The oldies (but goodies). And then, if they don't deliver to every single expectation.... Philly people get ticked. I feel like there's a general air of disappointment that surrounds eaters in this city when they enter a restaurant that's been hyped up.

Like those overly aggressive dudes that go into every bar, party, or pub ready for a fight, they, too, are looking for someone (or something) with whom they can take issue. I say this because I finally had a chance to mosey down to Bing Bing Dim Sum, East Passyunk's new contemporary dim sum spot opened by the fellows that brought you Cheu Noodle Bar. Everyone that I've talked to has given this place the typical "Oh yes, it was decent BUT __________." I'm here to tell you it was delicious.

I think it's perfectly cooked quail eggs and savory scrapple. I think it's an outdoor seating and happy hour that, though newly launched, brought joy to my tastebuds (and wallet).

Cumin lamb rolls were ON FLEEK. Truly, these were ethereal. Crunchy and filled with a tangy, stringy lamb. Oh, yes. Sure, it's not "bargain dim sum". But I don't think you'd want it to be. You pay a bit of a premium for something new, something different. And with dumplings like these, you get what you pay for. We enjoyed the jade dumplings full of shrimp and leeks, and a handful of other INSANELY GOOD gluten free options. Because, though I'm a gluten-lover, my dining partner was sadly not. Luckily, Bing Bing gets it. Beyond our Pac-man Buns, scallion pancakes, and the lamb rolls, we enjoyed a variety of gluten free options that tasted anything but.

Green beans with fermented garlic and crunchy fried quinoa, Fried cauliflower with shrimp salt, lemon, and scallion! The vegetables, our first two dishes of the night, were filling and delicious enough to make an affordable, tasty meal for one. But dim sum is all about MORE.

In addition to some scallion pancakes, we enjoyed a delightful set of (gluten free) ruby red beet dumplings full of tofu and crispy garlic, and a bowl of (also gluten free) ginger scallion rice, chicken, furikake, long hots, and a pickled egg that had me playing the fun game where you see if you can pluck single grains of rice using your chopsticks.

If your food tastes that good, you'll find a whole new set of skills.

Finally rice noodle rolls (GF) with garlic sausage, peanuts, and herbs.These rice noodle rolls came out last, after I thought I couldn't fit any more food in my belly. I was (luckily) mistaken. This nutty sauce, complimented by the hot chili oil Bing Bing has on each table, were full of garlicky sausage that both sated any leftover appetite, and guaranteed I wouldn't be smooching any vampires that night. Not that I'm into that kinda thing #teamJacob.

Sure, we went during Happy Hour so the prices on some of the items were a little cheaper. But between the four of us, each getting at least one (DELICIOUS) alcoholic beverage, we came out paying $100 before tip. I'm more than cool with that. Throw in a wacky, dumpling themed decor (they're everywhere. Even in the bathrooms) and you're in for a unique night, to say the least. And while I rarely encourage anyone to follow the advice of Sylvia Plath (for assorted reasons), I think she'd make a hell of a food critic.
Where to start in offering my opinion of Bing Bing Dim Sum.  Well my mama always said to emphasize the positive so lets begin there.  The atmosphere is colorful, chill, summer holiday, just cool.  There are good vibes whether you're eating inside or outside here.  And the food is for the most part on the tasty side.  I do like their bao and dumplings although their spicy lamb dumplings are not in the least spicy.  At least you can add some chili oil from the sauce caddy on each table.  But the prices add up so roughly keep in your head how much you are ordering. 
 What I don't like is what they do at happy hour.  Those lamb dumplings I was talking about....on the regular menu they are $8 and you get five of them in an order.  At Happy Hour they are on special and cost $5 but you only get four of them.  I hate when restaurants do that.  The specials aren't really special, you just get a lesser amount for a lesser price.  It's time a couple of places which offer this type of so called "Happy Hour Special" end this practice.  
But the atmosphere is still cool here!
If you come here expecting authentic Asian food, you won't get it here. However you'll definitely get a modern Americanized twist on your typical dish. So expect just that.

The soup dumplings actually weren't bad at all. I love love Joe's Shanghai in New York and these were good. The broth was delicious to my surprise. Everything else was okay.

I'm excited to return, perhaps during a happy hour and try more on their menu.
Dumpling-tastic!

The lamb dumpling and cantonese meatballs were pretty good starters.  The lamb dumplings, wonton wrappers filled with ground lamb sauced with a spicy chili sauce with crispy onions on top were really tasty.  They were not overly spicy and no gamey lamb flavor was detectable.  The 'Cantonese meatballs' were similarly satisfying.  Addressed with pickled veggies on top, the meatballs were airy, void of density that is normally associated with the word 'meatball', wrapped in a thin skin of either tofu or bean curd.  Both of these dumplings were definitely my favorites for the night.

Of the remaining items I tried, I didn't quite get the catapillar bread, which was a bao bread filled with gratuitous portion of tightly packed shredded pork.  The bao bread itself was lightly sweet but had this sweet syrup that was ladled on top proving to be rather extraneous.  I found the pork to lacking in flavor and the exterior sweet syrup distracting.

The mapo tofu rice cakes were really salty in general.  The dish had a good wok fried texture and I liked the thicker cut eggplant and tofu slices that came in the dish but that was all I liked about it.  Overall the dish was very salty and could have used either more eggplant or tofu for balance.  Good thing I had a pot of tea with my meal to wash down all the extra sodium.

Bing Bing's asian fusion objective, is trendy and fun, but definitely not to be authentic.  It has a young vibe and was a nice place to eat and chat for sure.  I think I'll stick to their areas of strength in the dumplings should I visit again and if I want something more authentic, I'll head to Chinatown.
Better then ever. Went with friends and ordered almost the whole menu. One great dish after another. The lamb egg rolls were off the hook. Ribs crazy good. All the different dumplings were amazing. Best part Saturday afternoon happy hour. 3-5. Packed the whole time we were there.
Bing bing is all that and dim sum. (sorry, couldn't help myself). I literally need a thesaurus to find words to aptly describe the flavor fiesta bing bing is every time I go. Indelible, unforgettable. Far and away my favorite restaurant right now. The menu is the product of creative fusion ingenuity. 

Some highlights include the soup and tawainese dumplings. The soup dumplings are filled with a savory miso soup encapsulated by a doughy dumpling wrapper. The tawainese dumplings have a nicely minced hot pepper relish atop crispy fried wrappers, with a shredded meat filling. The shrimp dumplings have such nice shrimp inside it resembles the texture of lobster. The udon noodles are difficult to put down. The lamb rolls have a thin crispy wrapper. 

Get to bing bing early for dinner or go during the weekdays to avoid the longer lines. In my opinion, one can skip the pitchers of alcohlic coctails they feature (to be fair, I generally don't appreciate mixed drinks, so my views on this are certainly biased). The mint and eucalyptus tea (forget the actual name) wasn't as strong as I was hoping.
Ah Bing Bing, you are a true gem! Last night I finally hit up this spot with the BF and another couple who were similarly passionate about trying Bing Bing. The inside of the restaurant is not for the easily distracted. My borderline ADD was definitely acting up; there was just so much going on! Between the crowded bar, hanging lanterns, christmas lights, loud music, chatty people and other random decorations I was in sensory overload. When our food came out, it was like game over for my brain and all I could focus on was attempting to follow conversation while stuffing my face! 

We ordered (to share): the pork soup dumplings, roast pork bao bun, fried brussels sprouts, 1/2 rack of chinese ribs, and the General Tso's rice cakes. 
Standouts included the brussels sprouts (alllllllmost as good as Sampan's), roast pork bao bun (needed a little more salt so the soy sauce was a nice compliment) and chinese ribs.
The brussels sprouts were seriously so good they made me emotional. I am talking hot, crispy, salty goodness. Yum.
The ribs were tasty and meaty but my mouth was definitely craving more of that sticky sweet sauce that was coating them. The chinese broccoli and bing bing bread on the side were A+.
We all agreed that the soup dumplings were good but nothing to write home about. My fellow diners loved the General Tso's rice cakes but they were not really my style. 

I am definitely coming back to Bing Bing. Going in a group of people was definitely a good idea because that means more things to try off the menu.
Confused. 2.5 stars

I knew this was a fusion spot, but the place was just bizarre to me. The play on the Asian theme bordered "too much" in my opinion. The plates, bowls, etc. are considered cheap Asian dining ware, think straight hole in the wall Chinatown style places. Bing Bing is not a hole in a wall... It's located on one of America's hottest restaurant rows-- which is reflected by the prices. 

Fortunately, we went for happy hour. They offer a decent variety of dishes and drinks. We started with a pitcher of blue drank. The taste wasn't all that great but huge size for happy hour for two. I thought it would be a lot of ice but it was definitely for 4-6 people.  I'm not sure if i was drugged or I was drunk... BC I went home and passed out as if I drank like a 21 year old. 

We ordered: spicy lamb dumpling, pork bao, cucumber tofu salad, vegetable dumpling. Thank goodness these were all happy hour specials of $5 per. 

The spicy lamb was a play on Szechuan flavors... With vinegar, cumin, etc. The texture of the meat was on the tough side but expected for ground lamb. The bao was confusing. Tasted like I was eating a pretzel with southern pulled pork without the sauce and some vegetables. I think they shallow fry the bottom so there is almost no true bao texture. The only thing Asian was the name. The cucumber salad was probably the most authentic dish but was relatively simple and premade.. prob best thing I ate. The vegetable dumplings were OK as well. 

After I woke up from being drugged/drunk, I was confused of the food I ate. With the "in your face Asian" themed tableware and the odd flavor profile of dishes, I realized I'm really not into Asian fusion types of restaurants. Maybe I need MSG, maybe I need rude waiters (service was good btw), maybe i need traditional flavors and marinades. 

Overall, if you had the urge to try this place, I would opt for happy hour specials. Even for happy hour, the price for food is just way too much, in my opinion. I'd rather hit up Chinatown for some dumplings.
I came here with a friend visiting from out of town.  Neither one of us was particularly impressed.  Both of us left feeling like everything was "fine," but unremarkable.  

When we arrived we were seated at what we believed to be a four top booth-type table with two strangers, who appeared very surprised at our presence.  

Soda is expensive and sold in cans.  Drinks are fairly reasonably priced.

I paid $10 for a plate of green beans, which were good, but at the end of the day, were $10 green beans.  The vegetarian noodle dish I ordered was fine and the spice was nice, but it was too creamy/had too much liquid.  

The turnip cake was the most interesting thing either of us ordered.  Neither of us were particular fans, but whatever shaved toppings adorned it moved as if gently dancing to Bjork in the slight breeze from the open door.  We stared at its hypnotizing exhibition for five minutes before even trying it (perhaps the delay led to our disappointment in the flavor).  The beet dumplings (4) were delicious.

We both left feeling that perhaps we would have been more impressed if this place was cheaper, but all things considered this spot is not a top pick for E. Passyunk.
I came across this restaurant with my boyfriend on Saturday when we were at the fall festival just up the street. We arrived just in time for the happy hour special. He ordered the spicy lamb dumplings and I ordered the tofu vegetarian dumplings. The dumplings were good. I felt as though the service was very slow.
For the last year, I've been stalking the opening of Bing Bing.  I live half a block away, so I'd peer in the windows, longingly, every time I walked by.  I voraciously read every single piece of news about the long awaited grand opening.  They finally opened in mid-February and my husband and I got a chance to visit a week or so after they opened.

Overall, I feel like it was not worth the anticipation.

When you first walk in, it's hard to remember the space was once a shabby Mexican takeout joint.  They did a nice job with the decorations (very hipster, but I liked it) and they made the most out of the weirdly shaped triangular space.  But then you notice the communal seating.  I do not like communal seating... on this visit, they put the two of us, side by side, across from another party of two at a picnic bench.  It was awkward.  I couldn't look straight unless I wanted to stare at a stranger.  

As for the food, the prices are pretty standard for a trendy, small-plates type of place.  I typically don't have a problem spending around $7 or $8 for a few bites of food, if said food is delicious.  Unfortunately, I was not blown away by our dishes.  Here is what we ordered:

PAN FRIED BAO     $7   (2) mushroom & smoked cheddar (V)
   - I thought these were ok, but $7 for two was a little too much.  It came with a side of homemade Russian dressing, which the busboy prompted removed from our table when I had taken maybe two bites of my bao.  Womp womp.

POTATO DUMPLING     $6  (5) horseradish & dill (V) (GLUTEN FREE)
    - yuck,yuck,yuck!  I did not like these AT ALL.  First of all, they were so bland and didn't come with a sauce of any kind.  Also, the consistency was just not good.  Also, why is it $6 for 5 teeny tiny little dumplings?  If they had seafood or some special ingredient, ok, sure.  But for just potato?

FRIED CAULIFLOWER     $8   shrimp salt, lemon, scallion (GLUTEN FREE)
   - This was my favorite dish of the night.  But really, it's not much different than the spicy cauliflower I can make at home.  And when I make it at home, I get entire baking tray for like $4.

TURNIP CAKE     $7   matzo meal, fried egg, maple, bonito (V)
    - This isn't something I would typically order, but I took the advice of some of my fellow Yelpers and tried it out.  I thought it was pretty good.  Definitely a different type of dish.  Of the dishes I tried, this was the only one whose price was on par with its portion size and quality.

Overall, A-OK is exactly how I feel about Bing Bing.  This won't become my go-to place on Passyunk but I would be interested in checking it out again and hopefully feeling more than just OK about this spot.
At the recommendation of a friend we came here to share a dinner and indulge in evening/night dim sum. Growing up with dim sum, I wasn't sure what Jewish flair would mean.  I can see why reservations are almost always booked and walk ins may take over an hour. This place has a great vibe and a great palette to match. 

Soup dumplings? They were thick and juicy as expected. The soup was flavorful and the meat was good. Definitely one of my favorites on the menu. In fact that's when I discovered my friend actually ate soup dumplings (since I never saw him eat them before when we ordered them in the past). They have to be good then! 

We also had a craving for wonton noodles and these were pretty close to what I get from Cantonese restaurants. The broth was savory and made me feel nice and warm. The noodles were right on point where it's not super soft and just the right amount of bounce. It was also shareable amongst 2-3 people with small bowls on the side in line with shareable plates at dim sum! At the table was also a rice bowl with enough to share for 2-3 people as well. 

Our table also ordered hot lamb dumplings and spicy Sichuan cucumbers. From what I could eat (had to remove all the onion and shallot toppings on whatever pieces I could salvage) I got very Asian flavors but unique enough to give it its own personality. The owners do mean it that every item on the menu is personal to them. 

Don't count out this spot for dim sum! Definitely a unique experience and I would come back to try more items!
I had been wanting to try Bing Bing Dim Sum forever and finally got a chance last Friday night shortly before 10 p.m. I regret to say it did not live up to my expectations at all! Summary: The food was fine but not amazing, and we were less than impressed with the portion sizes. The service was fine but nothing special. The atmosphere was cute enough, but, at least in my mind, plenty other places on East Passyunk have it beat. And after all that, the bill was over $100 including tip.  Not worth it!!

Specifics: Boyfriend and I went in hungry and ordered soup dumplings, lamb dumplings, curry cauliflower, soy sauce pork noodles, and the crab fried rice to share. We also got a carafe of mediocre red wine that was served in table juice glasses. The soup dumplings were lackluster and a bit dry, and one serving includes only four, which I found disappointing. The lamb dumplings were slightly better, but still not fantastic. The curry cauliflower was fine, as were the noodles and the rice -- but when the final bill came, my boyfriend's eyes rightfully almost popped out of his head. In our view, there was nothing about that meal that even remotely justified a triple-figure amount.

We talked all weekend about what a disappointment BBDS was and how badly it left us craving "real" dim sum (my boyfriend kept repeating "$100 for some noodles?!" and shaking his head sadly). Next time, we'll stick with Dim Sum Garden in Chinatown (BYO + awesome dim sum that consistently leaves us more than satisfied for well under $50 including tip) -- or, if we feel like tossing another Benji at a meal, we'll head elsewhere on East Passyunk where we can at least get something like raw fish or steak for all those dollars.
I'm going to agree with a few people here. Bingbing is way too expensive for the portions. I was a sucker and got the Restaurant Week special last night, and when I did the calculation afterward realized I LOST $4. That's right. The food I got a la carte would have been $31, and I paid $35. And I got the most expensive entree,  the steamed fish, at $18.

When I heard this was going to be a dim sum place, I got to excited to have some reasonably priced ethnic food on Passyunk Ave, but nope, it's just another place too expensive for me to frequent except on special occasions. The only true casual dining on the Avenue is going to be found at one of the gastropubs, as usual.

I spent $50 with tip and a beer. The food was ok. They don't explain whether the little fishes are, in fact, fish, or what kind. I had to ask someone what I was eating. My two friends shared food, each spent $27, and left hungry. The $7 potato dumplings were microscopic!

The decor and atmosphere was adorable. But I am so bummed because I can't afford to ever eat here again.
The food here is really good. The place is cool too but pretty loud. If you are up for a lively night with a hip vibe, this could be your place. Two of my favorites on the menu were the spicy cucumber as well as the fried cauliflower. The crispy lamb rolls were amazing. They have nice cocktails as well. There were three of us so after an individual cocktail (I had the cherry bomb) we settled in for a pitcher of tiger lily for $32 (bourbon, barely tea, allspice tamarind dram, umeshu, lemon, Sichuan ginger beer). It gets pretty crowded (we were here on a Friday night) but we were able to sit at the bar which is a good spot to drink and eat. This is a cool spot, and honestly I don't think there is anything on the menu that wouldn't be delightfully tasty.
We've been to Bing Bing a few times- something about the turnip cake and the pork bao... there's nothing else that quite tastes like them!  Don't come here expecting a Chinatown-type authentic experience, because if you do, you'll be disappointed and miss the fun! Everything here is with some sort of modernized and/or Westernized twist. 

Favorites: 
-Roast pork bao.  Again, it's not going to taste like the bao you'd get in Chinatown, but the way that the buttery bread tastes with the provolone is heavenly 

-Pork soup dumplings, because who doesn't like soup dumplings? 

-Turnip cake. Comes with a healthy helping of bonito flakes, texture is fantastic 

-Crispy lamb rolls. They're delicious when hot, and I've enjoyed them cold as leftovers the next day, too.  Well seasoned and crisp. 

-Noodles- these change out, but are always winners if you have room left!
Let's just clear something up right quick before going into this review:  Bing Bing Dim Sum does not intend to be a traditional Asian dim sum restaurant.  So many reviewers are "confused" by the "fusion" concept.  There's nothing traditional about this place and it's not really fusion.  

That being said, I absolutely love traditional dim sum.  You'll find me at Wokano nearly every weekend (get there between 10:30-12 and order all the good, fresh dim sum before the best varieties sell out).  I get the craving every couple of months for Bing Bing though.  I love the oddity and uniqueness of their non-tradional, sometimes bonkers versions.

You can't go wrong with the bao buns.  The bottoms being fried is not "non-traditional."  They're served like that in China all over the place.  But the philly inspired filling IS non-traditional and awesome.  Throw a little black vinegar and soy on these babies, and you're good to go.  They taste even better during happy hour for $5.

It's funny, but the most traditional things on the menu are the cucumbers and soup dumplings, and both are my least favorite.  For me, that's not why I come here.  I want jade beet skin dumplings, bizarre lamb egg rolls with chimichurri, and tricked out noodle/rice dishes.  The stranger the dish here, the better it seems to be.  Not only that, but it's a nice change up from some of the more fine dining experiences you'll find along Passyunk.
This place is highly overrated. The people there were really awesome and nice. Service couldn't  have been better. Our server was perfect. 

My negative for the place was the drinks and the food. I had the happy hour cocktail of the day and it wasn't very good, and served in a plastic water cup for $7. Their happy hour drink prices aren't any good either, only $1 off beers which are already almost $10. 

We order some dumplings, the bao buns and fried rice. The dumplings and bao buns were kinda blahh and again, didn't get a lot for the price...even with happy hour.  Ordered the fried rice for a whopping $14 and it was good but only enough to feed one person.  

I don't know...maybe these hipsters like paying more for less mediocre food but I'll pass on this place.
I'm so sad to write this review because I've been SUCH a fan of this place for so long but QUALITY IS GOING DOWN (crying inside).

I ordered a bunch of stuff last night, as I usually do and I wasn't happy with more than half my dishes.

Dumplings/DimSum
- Always good as usual.
- Roast Pork Bao buns, perfectly cooked with the perfect amount of stuffings inside
- Turnip Cake - good as always
- Chorizo dumplings - probably my favorite dish of the night

If the dimsum didn't go smoothly as usual, I would have definitely said something to the chef but thank god some things don't change!

Chow Fun
- oh my goodness SO MUCH SALT. so much acidity. I couldn't eat it! Where's the savory beef flavors of the chow fun that I'm used to? And since when is chow fun acidic? I know that bing bing tries to make fusion food, I get that. But not all your entrees need to be so acidic! 

Crispy Rice
- so much ACIDITY again. I know that there's tomatoes in here which probably doesn't help, the crispy rice isn't crispy anymore with all these acidic juices and tomatoes and avocado. definitely change the name to soggy sour rice

Duck Salad
- duck wasn't seasoned enough, and salad was just boring and bland. just duck and leaves, and maybe 3 pieces of peanut that i had. really disappointing dish


I don't know that I'd come back any time soon. I really had a bad meal here last night and I"m so sad about it. I'm hoping that the chefs see my comment and try to take away all this acidity in all the entrees and bring back the savory flavors.
High hopes for bing bing, but fell a bit short. White people will love this (sorry, but true).
The soup dumplings are okay. Decent broth, but thick skin for a soup dumpling. The Kim chi soup dumplings are definitely better than the regular ones who  were a bit bland. 
I like the refreshing flavors of the jade dumpling.
Green beans were a highlight. I really liked how they used fried quinoa for a crunchy texture.
I've had better turnip cakes (but I'm also Chinese and have had a lot of turnip cakes over the years).
Service was decent though a bit scattered.
This is expensive, fancy Chinese food, that's not actually better than cheap Chinese food.
Bung bung! 

I'm hooked! 

I recently came here with a few friends for Happy Hr. 
Fresh off a train ride, I was starving.  With little to no parameters, my good friend chose this spot. 

From the great tunes to the awesome decor, Bing Bing excites the senses. 

While here I had the Tiger Style Punch.  Very strong.  It's the sipping type of drink.  Any punch bourbon based is always the good kind of trouble.  From there I had, Pork Soup Dumplings ( by far my fave...so savory and deelish), Everything Paco Man Bun (basically their take on Bagel and Lox), Roasted Pork Bao (pastry was light and the pork was seasoned greatly), Crispy Cumin Lamb Rolls ( flavor punch in the mouth), and the Sweet & Savory Brussel Sprouts ( I wanted another order).  In addition to all that, I took advantage of their 3 buck Miller Lite.   :) 

I cannot wait to go back again!
Fun fun and more fun!  

My sister, brother in law and I shared a meal here recently and it was really yummy. The atmosphere is fun and lively. The waitress was funny and attentive. The communal table was...entertaining (let's just say the couple next to us were not getting along well at the moment). 

Do yourself a favor and get the bourbon cocktail....it was amazing and refreshing. We shared a pitcher and I'm glad I relied on Uber to get home. 

We shared a bunch of plates...my sister did the ordering so I can't recall exactly what we ate but the beet dumplings and the shrimp dumplings were standouts for me.  We got a total of 5 dishes and we happily cleaned our plates.  We sat at a communal table so it was a little close but not too bad.   

On a cool note we got there and there was about a 45 minute wait....so they took my sister's phone number and called her when our table was ready (so we could go elsewhere to grab a drink to wait).  

Would definitely like to go on a quieter night to get a calmer experience.
I really liked this place. We arrived around 6:30 on a Tuesday, and there was no wait. Tables are communal inside. There are tons of outdoor tables, not sure if they will seat 2 groups of 2 at each table or not.

Run-down of what we ordered:
1. Beer (cheap! $4.50-$5 each)
2. Soup dumplings (kimchi ones, good. not sure I tasted the kimchi though)
3. Turnip Cake (good, not particularly amazing though)
4. Pastrami Bao (amazing!)
5. Sesame Noodles (big! really good too!)
6. Fried Cauliflower (not that breaded. super tasty. order this)
7. Wings (surprisingly good too!)

I like what they have going on here. This above was for 3 girls, and we could have ordered 1 dish less. Will definitely be back.
Better Dim Sum in Chinatown at more reasonable prices. If you want fancy schmancy stuff this is the place for you, but dumplings wrapped in beet dough is great if you're vegetarian, but doesn't impress me. The portions are small and the prices are quite high. The twice deep fried spare ribs were delicious because they hit all the spots, fried/sweet/salty. I'd like to try more, but I'm afraid what I have tried so far was just better than mediocre that Chinatown is just a hop away.
I've heard and read great things about Bing Bing since I moved to Philly 2 years ago and finally got to try it this past weekend. I absolutely love dim sum and was excited to try their dishes. We got the Scarlet Dumplings and the Crispy Lamb Rolls. The presentation was wonderful - the red skin on the dumplings looked very pretty. The dumplings, however, did not taste that great. The skin was not the right texture, a bit too mushy, and the filling was also mushy. Usually, I like the contrast of the light skin with a denser filling, but this dumpling all kind of just mushed together. There was not much flavor with the flavor either. The lamb rolls were a bit better. The lamb was great, but again overall it was lacking flavor. Usually I like Asian Fusion food, but here I felt that all of the essence of Chinese cooking was gone and the food was just presented as Chinese dishes. Disappointed with the dishes we got, perhaps the others are better and still have some Chinese flavors in them, but I likely will not be back.

The decorations in the restaurant seemed a bit tacky, trying too hard to look Chinese with all stereotypical lanterns and such hanging. The service was fine. Best part of my time there was that they were playing some bumpin hip hop music and the outdoor seating was great for a Sunday afternoon!
After a workout at the Christian Street Y, we were looking for food and beverage. But, I didn't want to totally sabotage my time at the gym. I checked my trusty Yelp app for guidance. Low and behold I had bookmarked Bing Bing Dim Sum. Now, it was a bit of a hike for us, but hey, more calories out, more calories in.
I'm so glad we tried Bing Bing. It was exactly what I was looking for...a refreshing cocktail, Notorious F.I.G. and a healthy, filling, and most importantly, delicious meal.
I had the butternut squash congee with chicken meatballs. It was packed with flavor and texture. Frank had the pork tan tan and now, will always order that. I, however, look forward to eating my way through their whole menu.
Great prices on happy hour but few options, drinks specials i only get to try the happy hour $2 high lite beer. Get the stuffed bun and the chicken chorizo and cucumber salad on happy hour and they are good.
I kinda hate the fact that I do like this place. I'm not a fan of hipsterizing something that's already amazing, like Chinese dim sum! I mean, c'mom what's there not to love about $3-$5 dim sum plates of shrimp, pork, fried taro, chicken feet rolled out on carts by stern Chinese aunties with little patience and lots of charm! Sorry, but if you're lucky to find *your* dim sum spot in your respective city, stay loyal; don't bother with this place. However, 4 stars for the happy hour where I don't feel immensely ripped off by the two white men who own this place and fillings are nicely seasoned and "different." Definitely a great option for grabbing well-balanced cocktails with a friend and eating discounted dumplings and appetizers. If it's a weekend night, get ready to shout and hover your dining partner's face, because it gets loud.
flavors that aren't supposes to work, work so well in this small fusion joint.
I was surprised how well everything worked together from the south philly italian inspired roast pork bao to the amazing lamb dumplings with african spices.

would love to come here again and because its a dim sum spot, the combination of dishes and flavors you can get per visit will keep me coming back again and again. only if the parking situation in south philly was a bit better.
Maybe I'm just not a huge fan of the owners/chefs, as I tend to believe Cheu is vastly overrated as well, so take this with a grain of salt.  

I came in for happy hour and then sat down once the full party was here.  The happy hour specials are solid, with cucumbers, 2 different types of dumplings, and a bao bun.  The dumplings good, but not great.  The cucumbers were fantastic (I love me some chili cucs).  Upon sitting down, we had  lamb noodles, mango and papaya salad, mapo tofu, and one other veggie noodle dish.  Everything was tasty and well put together.  Lots of layers of flavors.  

The service was solid (much more so than Cheu, where they try to get you out as quickly as you come in).  Our waiter checked in on us regularly, did not rush us, and the food came out at a proper pace.  

I guess what brings the star rating down from a 4 to a 3 is the price point.  You can go to many places in the city with similar food (albeit not as creative, yet similar type) for about 30% less cost.  I'd go back if I'm in the area for happy hour, but probably not any other time.
This place = greatness. I love dim sum, but I generally do not enjoy the atmosphere of such places that offer dim sum in this area. However, Bing Bing has forever changed that. 

First, the soup dumplings are amazing. Prior to my visit, I had never heard of them. Now, I dream about them often. The drink names are hilarious - I had the "Spritzer Jawn" and it was everything I dreamed it would be. 

I can't wait to come back and try every other thing on the menu.
Yummy, but overpriced. Whenever we pass this place it is packed and so we finally decided to check out what the hype was about. We got soup dumplings, spicy lamb dumplings, and cold noodles. Everything was absolutely delicious, but couldn't help but think how much cheaper you could get all this in Chinatown. Seating is limited so come at off hours or expect to wait/share a table with another party.
tl;dr don't expect authentic dim sum -- a trendy, industrial vibe and twists on traditional favorites define this Asian-American fusion bar

From the group behind Cheu Noodles, Bing Bing Dim Sum takes quintessential dim sum and turns it on its head. The space itself channels red tones and trendy industrial vibes throughout an intimate room. Colorful lights illuminate the street art that is graffitied along the walls. The restaurant is abuzz with chatter, and multiple people brush past the back of your chair as they navigate the borderline-cramped walkways. Eccentrically shaped tables are custom-fit to the space, and the booths sit beneath personal pagodas. Intricate details are sprinkled throughout the room from hand-painted lamps to customized window decals.

My partner and I reserved a table for 5:15PM on a Friday -- just in time for happy hour. By the time we arrived, the restaurant was in full force, and we were escorted to the final available table. For drinks, I went with the Tired Hands pilsner on draft, my partner picked out the Milk Money cocktail. Then, we opted for an assortment of dim sum offerings: the Pickle Plate, the Cheesesteak Bao, the Mongolian Beef Dumplings, the Scarlet Dumplings, and the Caterpillar Bread. The dishes filed out as they were prepared, and our table quickly filled up with a myriad of aromatic plates.

The pickle platter consisted of carrots, green beans, kimchi, and roasted nuts -- a nice amuse-bouche, but nothing to write home about. The bao were stuffed with ribeye, cooper sharp, and long hots, with a richness perfectly complemented by sweet plum sauce. The beef dumplings were decorated with chimichurri and crispy onions -- yet, they were essentially indistinguishable from your run-of-the-mill pan-fried variety. The veggie dumplings, on the other hand, were coiled in a vibrant beet wrapper; while the texture was slightly less crisp, this dish was the freshest and least greasy vegetarian takes on dumplings I've had the pleasure to try. Finally, the caterpillar bread had the fluffiness of bao, but was drizzled with a just-less-than-overwhelming caramelized honey syrup to perfectly contrast the rich and salty barbequed pork filling.

Bing Bing is fun, and, true to the restaurant group, doesn't take itself to seriously. My major gripe is that cocktails are beyond expensive -- during happy hour, my pint ran me $5, while my partner's drink soared upwards of $10! To put it in other words, would you rather have 1 drink or 4 cheesesteak bao? Nonetheless, with a bevy of yummy, cheap food offerings, I see myself coming back here very soon.
Bing Bing is DAMN good. I came in yesterday with my boyfriend during happy hour. We had two cocktails (Milk Money and Green Fire) which were both DELICIOUS, but seriously expensive. $14 for a cocktail at a relatively casual place is just too much. We tried several food items, all of which were good. The best: Cheesesteak Bao was UNREAL - seriously we had to order another one because it was too good to stop. The Mongolian Beef Dumplings were delicious as well followed by the Turnip Cake and the Brussel Sprouts with Tofu. We really enjoyed everything from start to finish, but I do think it was a bit pricey for the portion sizes/vibe. I also love their fun signage (spotted at both Cheu locations as well). I recommend!
The Caterpillar Bread is one of the best things I have ever eaten. It's like crack. Sweet and salty and amazing. The other dishes, dumplings and noodles were good but not as memorable. When I go back, I'll order double Caterpillar Bread and try new things for the rest.
I ordered pork dumplings, hot lamb dumplings, and Dan Dan noodles. In general, food was mediocre. The best item was the hot lamb dumplings. Avoid dan dan noodles, they were a complete disappointment to me. The pork soup dumplings were okay. The flavor wasn't unique nor was it good, just plain. 
Service was good. Loud atmosphere.
This is a hipster dim sum place... actually.. it's more of a spin on dim sum and not a real dim sum place. 
There's not a lot of menu options.. it was so disappointing. However, it was decent. We liked all of our food, minus the fried rice.. not sure what they are trying to do with the fried rice. 
Also, they serve their cocktails in regular water cups.. which was not not favorite. Overall, it was a decent restaurant, just not the dim sum I was expecting.
I came here for happy hour with a few friends. Service is great, atmosphere is great; but, the food was eh. 
Our favorite out of the whole experience was the spicy cucumbers. They come in a great sauce and crunchy fried onions. They were so good that we got 2 - would definitely recommend. Everything else on the menu was average. I could get all of this from a dim sum place for way cheaper. Below are some highlights that I think would be important:
Cheesesteak Bao - super salty filling
Scarlet Dumplings - very earthy flavor
Shrimp dumplings - not bad
Caterpillar bread - the bbq pork is shredded meat
Dan Dan Noodles - took a while to come out, not super peanuty, very creamy. 
Cocktails (not pictured) - happy hour cocktail was a mango passion fruit and then pear whiskey. Both were amazing.
Tried this place the other night - it was pretty crowded so we sat at the bar.  Food and drinks were all amazing!  My boyfriend and I got the Green Fire cocktail - and while I was initially skeptical about the cilantro, it's a great addition to the drink and gives it a really nice herbal quality.

Food:
Pork Soup Dumplings - I liked these but my boyfriend LOVED them.
Shrimp Dumplings - Super solid, probably won't order again but if you like shrimp dumplings I doubt you'd be disappointed.
Scarlet Dumplings - Really loved the texture on these, which was incredibly silky.
Caterpillar Bread - GET IT.  I'm literally haunted by flashbacks to this, that's how good it ies.
Turnip Cake - A surprise standout!  We were basically working our way through the dim sum menu at this point, and this blew away all my expectations.  
Spicy Sichuan Cucumbers - loved these, definitely a nice lighter point to our meal but amazing flavor.
I love the owner's other venture, Cheu Noodle, so it was a natural step to try this right away.

Bing Bing does easy cocktails and snacks right. I often find myself wanting to go out for drinks and food, but without committing to a large/pricey dinner. This place nails that. Most dishes are around $7 for four dumplings. Larger plates are available too, like cold sesame noodles (back by popular demand?) which are perfect for a hot summer day.

There's something for everyone. All types of beers, wine, and cocktails, vegan options, gluten free options, and sugar free options (even with cocktails!). Think about it for a minute, how hard is it to find a casual bar that nails all of those? Really hard!

Food is spectacular. Try the jade dumplings, or lamb cumin rolls. The wings are also pretty fantastic. Happy hour specials are on point, and change often. Service is great too. I once ordered dessert (bubble waffles, you gotta try them!) and a fuse broke on the waffle iron. They gave us another free dessert while we waited, then totally came through with the waffle anyway! 

One small, teeny, tiny criticism: Seating is limited so you may not get a great table, or a table at all. There is a large communal table in the middle so if you are looking to have some intimate conversation, this may not be the place. However, that's really the ONLY negative.
Six months after my first visit, I visited again for their happy hour and I just had to bump them up a star.  Because their happy hour (especially sitting outside) is awesome!

First of all, the hours for happy hour are pretty good- M-F is 5-7 and then Sat and Sun they have one from 3-5.  They have five selections of food that are $5 each.  Drink specials are:  $6 cocktail of the day, $2 high lifes. $1 off drafts, and $10 happy family pitchers.

When I visited, the cocktail of the day was this delicious mix of chai tea, whiskey, and apple cider.  Sounds weird but it was awesome.  We tried one of every $5 plate.  They were:

Italian Roast Pork Bao-- these buns were awesome!  Lots of roast pork stuffed in those lil' buggers.

BBQ Pork caterpillar bread- this was my favorite of the dishes.  The sauce was super tasty and the portion size was large

Scarlet dumplings- these were my least favorite of the 5 dishes.  The dough is made with beets (hence the name) and stuffed with a tofu mixture.  it was good- just didn't blow me away

Chicken dumplings- I really liked these as well.  Pretty standard dumplings, but I enjoyed them

Cucumber Salad- I was surprised by this dish.  The cucumber was sliced thin and there were chunks of tofu.  The portion size was pretty big- I'd order this again.

I think the first time around, I was turned off by the communal seating, so I really enjoyed sitting outside at a 2 person table.  Also, we could bring our adorable puppy Louie to happy hour with us, so that's always a plus in my book.  I'll definitely be back for more happy hours at Bing Bing!
The plates here are solid and taste great but there were several small issues that would've been insignificant on their own but piled up on top of each other. 

We ordered a pot of lapsang souchong and four small plates, cauliflower, caterpillar bread, pork soup dumplings, and double cooked ribs. They have a small basket of condiments on the table including soy sauce, black vinegar, chili sauce, and something in a mustard squeeze bottle. 

The caterpillar bread was one of the first small plates to come out and I wish it had been the last because it was incredibly sweet. The menu mentions "caramelized honey" but it doesn't prepare you for how the bottom of the soft, white, doughy roll will literally be soaked in honey. It was delicious but definitely not the right dish to start off a meal with.

The pork soup dumplings are alright. The dumpling wrapper is pretty thick and doughy, I'm used to the paper thin kind so it was kind of a let down. The broth tasted fine but the meat of the dumpling was underwhelming in the face of the wrapper. I wouldn't recommend the dumplings here. 

They provide you with very cheap wooden chopsticks that are shredded at the ends. Both my date and I suffered from minuscule splinters after dinner. I'm also surprised at the cheap plasticware they serve their food/tea in. I would have assumed ceramic teacups at the very least but it's the same level of quality as you would find in the houseware section of the large Vietnamese grocery stores on Washington Ave. What is the point of serving great lapsang souchong tea if it's in plastic?? 

The plates were good but it would have been nice if they had considered the order of the plates instead of serving them at random. I understand the idea of family style ordering but when it comes to small plates, it would be best to impose some sort of structure.
Amazing spot - must try! 
Bing Bing's food is amazing. My following comments are from my most recent order, but I've visited 4 or 5 times now and every time is outstanding. 
Food comments - I ordered the Shrimp dumplings (5), and the shrimp itself was very juicy. I really enjoyed these shrimp dumplings, and I eat a lot of shrimp dumplings! The Spicy Sichuan cucumbers (5+) are a must try - they are crunchy, spicy, crisp and just so flavorful. There are times I'm ordering somewhere else, and I will not get the cucumbers, because I know they will not be nearly as good as Bing Bing's. Their cucumbers are one of my favorite food items in the entire city. My most recent main dish was the Jewish Chicken Wonton Noddle Soup (5), and it was surprisingly good. It has thin pieces of doughy crepe which was unique, the wontons were great and the broth was absolutely loaded with flavor. 
Other comments - Their drinks & bar is surprisingly good, too. I note this, because I go for the food, and then am always pleasantly surprised by the drinks. Speaking of drinks, be forewarned, they do not include happy hour specials for to-go or online orders. So, if you can, just go to the restaurant! They have a warm, decorative inside space, as well as covered outdoor tables. Price wise, I'd say it's slightly more expensive than others, but it's not unreasonable. The incredible flavor makes it well worth it. 
As I said, it's really a must try. You won't regret it.
Not bad for what it is. We stopped in for happy hour and tried some dim sum and got some drinks before meeting friends elsewhere.

This place is Jewish-Chinese fusion, which is a concept that you aren't going to find many other places. Just don't go in expecting traditional dim sum and you'll be fine.  For example, the bums seemed to have some everything bagel seasoning on top of them, maybe even a little bit of rye in the dough? I'm not entirely sure, but it was an interesting flavor. It sort of stopped me in my tracks for a minute before I continued. There were several pickled dishes that we tried that were pretty good as well. 

The food was good. I love dim sum, and this doesn't exactly scratch my itch when I want some dim sum, but on it's own it is pretty good food. 

I like the causal vibe here.
I really wanted this to be great.  I am a fan of pastrami, but not a fan of pastrami bao.   I think some of the fusions at Bing-Bing are way off.  The scallion pancakes were one of the worst I've ever had, over-fried, black on the bottom and hard.  Dumplings and cauliflower were good, but nothing that I would ever go out of my way for.  Prices are much higher than traditional china town prices with much smaller portions... A freakin' 10 dollar standard waffle that came with a side of chocolate sauce?  No thanks!  Props for the beer selection and creativity, but I'll be continuing to go out of my way for nom wah and dim sum garden.
Cool place! Came here last night during happy hour and enjoyed the funky decor and exciting menu offerings.

The brussels sprouts were my favorite dish of the night - sweet, sour, and full of texture. Also loved the half rack of ribs with delicious bok choy, the dense caterpillar bread generously stuffed with pork, and our $20 pitcher (about 2.5 yummy drinks each).

The pork soup dumplings were good, but I don't think they compare to Sakura's or Dim Sum Garden's. The super savory flavor just wasn't there and the dough was heavy and sticky. The service felt a bit rushed, but we really enjoyed our experience overall. Hope to come back soon!
Scrapple pac-man buns.  So simple.  So strange.  So Philly.  Unless you're one of those nerds who have a complex about eating scrapple you should be ordering this.  Scrapple, a quail egg, and some Sriracha.  Know it.  Love it.

The rest of the food was certainly nice, too.  Jade dumplings were delicate, soup dumplings soupy and doughy, Chinese okra complex and spicy.  Finger trap drink was also well received by my life companion.  Interior laid back and friendly.

One complaint (and I'm sure it's been mentioned but TBH I don't read your reviews much) is the seating.  Two doubles at what's obviously a table for four?  Bruh.  Not trying to scissor a stranger.
A Philly must have. Totally worth every penny. I'll throw my money in the air and make it rain soup dumplings like I just don't care baby. The whole set up is adorable even the bathroom wallpaper! It really made me feel at ease when I drank too much tequila here. 

Soup dumplings are a must order. You're crazy if you don't order them. $5 for a glass of house wine oh hell ya. You might be cramped between tables, but who cares when you're loving on some soup dumplings. Bing Bing, you make my heart sing. 

Oh and bring quarters so you can park at the parking meters nearby. Love you Bing Bing. Until we kiss and touch again xoxoxo

- Gemma
Always great food! Bing Bing has become a staple dining location. The pork soup dumplings are an absolute must. The lamb rolls, pork bao, caterpillar bread, and the spare ribs are also some favorites. They regularly change the menu and offer new dim dum options. The turnip cake is amazing, but definitely unique if you want to try something different. Their custom cocktails are also great and the service is always on point. 

I love that Bing Bing offers unique food options, but I wish there were some traditional items on the menu, including plain black tea and wonton soup.
Came here after reading about their specials in a Top Happy Hour in Philly list - the place was further away than Center City, but was definitely worth it! 

We came here in a group of 4, and ordered every food item off their happy hour menu. The first item was a tofu salad that I would recommend skipping - even though it was really fresh tasting and well seasoned, it was completely overshadowed by the other dishes. I really liked the caterpillar pork bread - the roasted pork filling was amazing and the slight sweetness of the bread lends itself really well to the combination. 

In terms of drinks, we ordered a family pitcher to share and it was a huge jug that would be more than enough for 4 people. The flavors were definitely unique and Asian-inspired. 

Definitely would recommend for happy hour - and they conveniently have weekend afternoon happy hours to get your fix of dumplings!
Stopped in here last night after I read an old foobooz article about where to get the best dim sum in Philly. **disclaimer..Bing Bing was not on the list** But I assumed it was slightly americanized so dining partner decided this would be the best (most convenient) spot after getting the Christmas tree. 

We luckily snagged the last two seats at the bar which is sort of a tight squeeze when dining with chopsticks but not enough to complain about. The bartender greeted us as soon as we sat down, got us menus and waters, let us try a sip of the house wine before ordering a carafe. 

We had a few questions on the menu but landed on the soup dumplings and the roast pork bao. I like how the food comes out when it is ready..the baos came out first..absolutely delicious..not quite as pillowy and soft as traditional baos but I think these worked best with the dish itself. The soup dumplings came out shortly after..the food runner asked us if we needed any tips on them and we graciously accepted. This was much appreciated as I am petrified of a burned mouth so usually i stab them with the chopsticks, let all the hot fluid drain out and basically lose the whole point of soup dumplings. She also helped us with the sauces on the bar and what we should put with what and how she likes it best. Again..greatly appreciated.

After our appies, we ordered the tan tan noodles which were AWESOME! slightly spicy and definitely shareable..we took home about half. The bartender even suggested best re-heating practices!

We rounded out our evening with a few more cocktails that I can't remember exactly what they were called..mine was a Gin and his was a bourbon with milk? 

Overall super cool spot and I would be happy to frequent here, my favorite aspect (other than the food) was the helpful and friendly staff!
This place is fun and well-decorated and twinkly and everything you would want in a fusion Asian-Jewish soul food mashup. Service is great, and they have a pretty extensive beer and cocktail list. I went with a small group a few weekends ago, and we ordered one of everything to try off of the dim sum menu.  The standouts were the pork soup dumplings, the turnip cake, and the crispy cumin lamb rolls.   

My problem is the pricing.  The ambiance inside is that of an unpretentious, friendly neighborhood dive, but the bill definitely didn't reflect that. I know that it's hard to own a small business, but serving 4 soup dumplings for $7 when I can go anywhere else in the city and get 8 for $6 seems a little absurd, no matter how unique or trendy the restaurant concept is.  In all fairness, it looks like they have a great happy hour deal, so if we return it will be for that.
I am a big fan of Bing Bing. I've been there a few times already. Most recently during this pandemic. For those who haven't been there yet, I am happy to report that they have a pretty good COVID-19 setup. Despite them having such a small location, they make really good use of the curbside area for seating. They have a sufficient number of heat lamps going, the tables are spaced out far enough, menus are available via QR code, and the servers are all masked up. I've been to a couple of places during this outbreak, and Bing Bing is one of the spots where I've felt most at-ease. So, if you're itching to get out but worried about your safety, you can rest easy going there.

In my most recent visit, I've gotten a few staples such as their pork soup dumplings (good lord are they amazing), their cheesesteak bao, and right now they have fried Thanksgiving dumplings with an amazing ginger cranberry sauce topping. The overall dumpling was okay, but that cranberry sauce they top them with is what really pulled it together amazingly. I doubt they'll be around beyond the week this review is being written, so if that sounds like something up your alley, give them a visit this week. And if not, go anyway. Especially as it gets colder out, it's up to us to keep places like Bing Bing busy!
Not bad for a fusion style dimsum but not at all satisfying.  The soup dumplings are the star with tender skins and a very flavorful broth but the measly 4 little dumplings for $7 as compared to authentic shanghai soup dumplings at Dim Sum Garden where 8 come for 6$ seemed dissproportionate. There is no wow factor to justify the cost.  It would have been nice to see there decor however it was too dark to enjoy. We ordered 5 dishes plus dessert split between 2 people and left hungry.  So yes, it is pseudo asian and will most likely satisfy a pseudo asian palate.
If I ever went back, it would be for some drinks and a snack. But if I want dim sum for a meal, I'm going to Dim Sum Garden. The soup dumplings were good, but 4 for $7? Rip off. I'll take my 8 for $5.75 at DSG. The crispy curry dumplings were somewhat flavorless. The meatballs were tasty, but also overpriced. The highlight was the wings. The only dish worth what you spend, but unfortunately not enough to bring me back, unless I happen to be in the area.
I had been meaning to try Bing Bing Dim Sum for a long time, so when I finally got a chance a few weeks back I was so excited. I actually didn't realize it was a fusion spot until getting there (fusion gets dangerous because it's hard to do well), but I figured I'd give it a shot since I was already there. Overall I was disappointed with the dishes. The price makes it even more disappointing. 

Ordered the
--Roast Pork Bao - a roast pork sandwich in different packaging. I would take any other bao over this one. It was just a bad combo. 
--Spicy Cucumber w/tofu - really great! Light, refreshing, and a little tangy. 
--Pork Soup Dumplings - the pork was fine but the skin was a bit too thick (making the dumpling somewhat bland). 
--Soy Sauce Pork Noodles - more expensive and a little less flavorful than ones you'd get in Chinatown.

If you like really like Chinese food, then I suggest you stick to Chinatown
This is one of those spots in the city where even if you only get a chance to eat there once, you'll never forget it. 

Firstly, the aesthetic of the interior is this cool modern play on traditional chinese culture. Their walls are covered with this graffiti style art, and there are lanterns and lights hung throughout. Just a ton of positive energy as you walk through the door. 

You can't go wrong with anything menu. Whether you are looking for dumplings or noodles, they have yummy options for both vegetarians and meat eaters. 

The dish that stole the show for us was their egg custard dessert. This is a MUST get.

While Passyunk is covered with all different types of restaurants and cuisine, you want to put this at the top of this list.
We came here for the restaurant week $35 menu. Overall came away very impressed. Comfortable heated outdoor seating right on E Passyunk (not an enclosed tent thankfully! A patio with heat lamps). The food was elevated and memorable, I particularly loved the Brussels sprouts which had surprisingly combinations of rich flavors; and also the chicken meatballs which were savory, tangy, moist, and wonderful. Will be back!
I went here with high expectations and was very disappointed. Once I walked in I immediately said to myself, this is one of the most try hard hipstery places I have been to. Everything about this place falls in line with the word "trendy".

The food may be asian inspired but misses the mark on every dish. The food is presented great but is way too salty and over seasoned (Mongolian Dumplings/Brussell Sprouts/Dan Dan Noodles). It doesn't taste like asian food, it is very much an American take.

For having dim sum in the name, the prices are outrageous for the portions and the taste. Everything here is about presentation and to catch your eye but I would rather have better tasting food than be stuck in an instagram trap. If you want quality and affordable dim sum go to Chinatown.
Highly recommend eating at this cute little place! Definitely make a reservation days ahead if you want to eat here on a weekend. Very laid back vibe, good atmosphere and quality food. Our server was so helpful with all our questions, and accommodations. My boyfriend and I went for Happy Hour- great happy hour menu. I have a gluten allergy so i got everything GF option- all so yummy. My boyfriend was obsessed with the cheesesteak bao (not gluten free). We got cocktails and wine while enjoying very delicious food. It was a beautiful little date night. Definitely will be back!
I'd give this 3.5 stars if I could...

This is a cute little fusion place. It has limited seating so there's definitely a wait, especially if you go over the weekend. What's nice is that they text you when your table is ready and it's in a nice location so you can grab a drink at a bar or ice cream down the street while you wait!

For our table of 4, we ordered the following to share: 
Shrimp Dumplings
Roast Pork Bao (the table favorite! Definitely should have ordered 2 orders)
Pork Soup Dumplings (never had soup dumplings before but they were good! warning - open and let the steam out a little first so you don't burn your tongue!)
Singapore Fried Rice 
Crispy Lamb Rolls
Chicken Chorizo Dumplings

everything was good but it's more of a place I'd recommend for a drink and some apps, not really a meal. It's overpriced for small portions so either don't go hungry, or expect to order a lot! The drink menu is unique though and has some great options!
I liked the fun interior and the funky food concoction concepts here. It was all tasty, too, but I can't say the pricing made much sense. $7 for four tiny dumplings is kind of absurd. 

We came for the weekend happy hour, so that was good timing. Their beer selection was small, but well-chosen. We mostly order a bunch of items from the happy hour food menu, and our favorite was, by far, the roast pork bao. Delicious!

I'm not sure we'll be coming back too soon given the prices as compared to more authentic dim sum places elsewhere in town, but obviously that's not really what people come here looking for anyway (or, at least, they shouldn't!).
Very delicious food and super friendly crew at Bing Bing Dim Sum.  Dim Sum situation is a favorite pastime of mine especially on Sundays.  Take a nice, small group of friends with you and enjoy multiple items on the menu by sharing! Here are some great selections I shared with friends that I would recommend:
-Pork Soup Dumplings
-Scarlet Dumplings
-Twice cooked spare ribs
-Shrimp dumplings

Next time around I would probably skip the shrimp dumplings because they did not have as much flavor as my other selections.  The Scarlet dumplings had great flavor and texture, and the twice cooked spare ribs were my favorite!  The soup dumplings were good but I felt like the dough was a little too thick compared to dumplings I have had in Chinatown.  Be mindful of the time throughout the week - they do have happy hour food and drink specials!

This place is small and pretty crowded during Sunday happy hour.  Be prepared to wait for a spot during busy times such as Friday and Saturday nights.  Food comes out fast and hot and the servers were all wonderful.  They all seem to work well together and very helpful at suggesting choices.
Boyfriend and I come here a lot. The entrees can be hit or miss, but absolutely spring for those apps. Without an entree, it's a perfect excuse to get like eight of them. 

And let me tell you something important here: the bao buns are absurdly, stupidly, out-of-this-world good. It's insanity. I could eat them for every meal of every day. If you skipped literally everything else on the menu, you have to get these. And, like, two plates. For yourself. I mean it. 

Also! Rotating Tired Hands drafts! Always fun to go in blind and try the brew of the week.
Very cool, small, well decorated asian place. Small menu, meant for sharing. The dim sum portions are perfect for two or four. Get a pitcher of punch and a bunch of dumplings. Wasn't entirely thrilled with the bang bang chicken bowl, but the experience was perfect otherwise. 

Very clever; great addition to passyunk.
Went here for the first time last night and it was okay. I mostly went because I wanted to try their soup dumplings and they pretty good, just not as good as Dim Sum Garden's in Chinatown and they were also kind of pricey $7 for 4. 

The seating was really strange, everything was communal. You either could sit at a large table with other people or in a booth with other people (unless you went with a bigger party I guess) but I went with 1 friend and we were seated in a booth with 2 other people. Kinda of weird...

Hoping they make vegetarian soup dumplings soon, I'll try this place again if they do.
All I can say: Pork Soup mutha truckin Dumplings. Order them, bite off the tops, slurp the broth, nomz the rest of the delicate pork and perfect chewy dumpling. We ordered almost everything on the menu and shared it as we were a larger group and everything was divine. But GD, those pork soup dumplings, so good they haunt my dreams.
Wonderful brunch with four friends on a lovely Sunday.  We shared caterpillar bread, Pork soup dumplings, shrimp dumplings, pork bao, crispy potatoes, cauliflower and fried lamb rolls.   The service was great, food came out fast and was very flavorful.   The only dish that was mediocre were the shrimp dumplings - nothing to write home about.  But everything else was great and the price was right.  I will be back.
Food quality: 3 stars.  Value: 0. Would I go back?  No time soon.   Damn, that's some expensive dim sum.  Cheu is far better. Go there.
Went here on an early Saturday night.  Had about a 10 minute wait which wasn't bad at all.  We were seated inside in a booth with other people, which I find a bit strange, but wasn't bothered by it.  I just didn't realize everything inside was communal seating.  

I kind of knew going in that their food wasn't going to be as good as dim sum garden in Chinatown but I had high hopes.  The food was well executed but was just lacking in flavor.  I'd even say that the food was bland for my taste.  We had the jade dumplings,  shrimp patty bao, rice noodle dish, and the wings.  The food is pretty expensive for what you're getting, but considering the area its in it was expected.  

I think for most people just getting into dim sum this is a good place to get their feet wet, but probably not a place I will be frequenting.
Bing Bing was a super hit! The food was great and we shared it family style.    
- Scarlet dumplings: aka the only veggie dumplings on the menu.
- Fried cauliflower: cold dish, average. 
- Mapo tofu: Holy MOLY, definitely the best dish we ordered. So good we ordered one more. 
- Avocado rice bowl: warm and exactly what it sounds like. 
- Cold Kung fu noodles: cold dish, but really good. 

They don't take reservations so highly recommend coming in small groups. We came in a group of 4 and had to wait an hour before being seated. So naturally we got drinks at a near by cocktail bar called ITV, a place I also highly recommend. 

Can't wait to try Bing Bing's drink selection next time!
We showed up here with no reservation and we're told it would be an hour wait. I got my text 10-15 min later with a table ready! And we got there literally 2 minutes before HH ended (630 pm) and the waitress kindly let us order drinks and apps off the HH menu! Woo. We decided to go in on the apps and just split a bigger noodle dish. Everything tasted really good. The cheesesteak bao buns were my favorite. Soooo good. My cocktail of the day was delicious too (some sort of pink lemonade ginger vodka drink with sugar on the rim). Service was amazing and the food came out pretty quickly. We left nice and full. Definitely not the cheapest place in the world but it's not expensive either. Well worth it. Come for happy hour. I love the vibe of the place too. South Philly is the best and so hip! Can't wait to return.
