It was such a lovely experience! Our waitresses were superb, sweet, and exceedingly polite aka always checking on us after every course, making sure our water and wine was filled, and clearing as well as cleaning the table of crumbs after each course. It was surprisingly not stuffy at all with ample space despite it being a cute cafe style setting, and impressed me with its charming relaxed, romantic, and lush ambiance, ideal for intimate nights under the dimly lit, sultry lighting and plushy red velvet seats. 

The pan roasted quail coupled had too much caramelized onion for my taste yet was still impeccably ravishing, each bite had an explosive blend of cognac brown buttered glacé richness, an equanimous harmony between sweet, sour, and nuttiness. The mustard braised rabbit was heavenly, tender, and epitomized mouthwatering umami flavor. I was begging for more in the end. The pepper-crusted steak was chewy, but succulent and had a refined texture to it with a irresistibly buttery and fatty taste underneath the overwhelming powerful pepper kick, which was a bit too much for me. I also did not fancy the gratis dauphinois that accompanied it and on another note, the cutting knives can be a lot sharper. 

The caramel cream tart launched a resurgence of salty, gooey goodness and the presentation was artfully luxe. It's a bit chewy, but it was effortlessly sweet and scrumptious. We were served two homemade semi-sweet dark chocolates which was a personal touch! I am very impressed and will come back for more.
We came for restaurant week. I didn't expect to find something this amazing. Bistrot La Minette is on a short list of best meals that I've had in my life.  It sneaks up on you in a way that perhaps only French cuisine can (maybe Spanish too).  Everything on the menu seemed so simple.  Even in the descriptions, they seemed like pretty standard dishes.  Fool!

I started with the Terrine de Foie Gras.  Delicious.  All of the accompaniment to the pate enhanced the flavor.  Very good, but that's what I was expecting.  The first surprise was my date's Œuf du Pêcheur. I love eggs, but I wasn't going to order eggs as an appetizer when there are snails and pate on the menu.  FOOL!  The eggs were served with toast, mussels, and a tarragon cream.  This was the best thing that we ate all night.  It's had to describe, because the flavor was s much more than what I just said was in it.  The mussels and cream and egg mixed so perfectly that it seemed like you were eating something that should naturally occur in the world.  Maybe a perfect dish.  This is a "last meal on earth" type of dish. 

Alright, calm down.  For the main course I had the Lapin Rôti à la Moutarde, a mustard-braised rabbit.  Again, this was delicious.  The rabbit was juicy and tender and everything paired very well and seemed to be more than the sum of it's parts.  But then, my better half showed me up.  She had the Magret de Canard Poêlé, seared duck breast, celery puree, and carrots.  This was perfectly cooked duck.  The sauce accented the meat without being overbearing, an amazingly put together dish.  

I'm not a big dessert person, but it was included with the restaurant week menu.  The Pot de Crème was an absolute stand out.  Again, this little unassuming cup of caramel custard was so much tastier than I ever would have imagined.  It was served with cat's tongue cookies and is a dessert that I can actually imagine ordering even if it is not part of a pre set menu.

Service was attentive, friendly, and then out of the way when not needed.

Cocktails were very tasty, and strong.
Fantastic almost 3-hour meal for a real French experience.  My daughter wanted to go an authentic French restaurant as she is taking French in high school.  BLM was our choice as it was recommended to me years ago from someone at my work.  I also checked out your Yelp reviews.

We checked out the menu as my wife and I had some Kif which is a usually fruit flavored liquor mixed with wine.  We had currant and also a peach and a raspberry - all of which were very good.  We all decided to be adventurous and had the Chef's 5-course Tasting Menu.  We also went for a cheese plate add-on.

You can check out my pictures of our meal.  From cold pea soup, to escargot, to poached egg on toast with mussels (the favorite of the night), to beef tartare, to duck, lamb, and rabbit, to a palate cleanser of rhubarb sorbet, to our cheese plate of Brie, Goat, and Funky Brie, to a trio of desserts, the well-paced meal had mostly oohs and aahs with more likes than dislikes.  And this is coming from a wife who does not usually go for rich foods in this style of meal, and my daughter who's never had authentic French food.  I'm the adventurous one.  I was pleasantly surprised that for multiple courses, we were brought out three different dishes since we purchased three Chef Tastings.  It was fun to pass the dishes around to try each and pick which was our favorite.

The major minus was the highly uncomfortable chairs at the marble table which made the almost three-hour meal a little bit of a pain in the you-know-what.

Did I say we had a great meal?  Oh, yeah, we sure did.

Service was top shelf from everyone.

Total $247 for 3 Chef Tastings ($55 each) + $5 each for 3 cheese courses + alcohol, not including tax and tip.  Two adults and a teen. 

I'm very happy that we all had a great meal and actually left our phones out of it except for our photos.  Had some nice conversation.
Good place for brunch with large portions and reasonable prices. We came here on a Sunday and were pleasantly surprised by the prices as we thought they would be on the higher end.

I got the lunch pre fixe - $25 for appetizer, entree and dessert. Pretty good deal!

Everything was delicious and portions were huge, we barely finished it and total bill came out to about $40 for two people - pre tax and tip.
Dining here made me feel like I was back in France - and I've traveled there a bit. Little touches like the music, the "push" and "pull" signs on the doors, and a server from Marseilles (okay, not such a little touch) worked together nicely.

Since it was a sleepy Sunday, we easily got a table for two.

Table bread and butter were quite good, and their escargot hit the spot, pleasantly buttery and full of flavor. We shared a pitcher of wine, and my co-conspirator enjoyed their prix fixe menu while I put down a plate of duck breast (magret du canard; $27), cooked medium with a celery root puree, glazed turnips, and a delightful foie gras sauce. Their plating was more austere than expected, but thankfully Chef Woolsey didn't disappoint.

Pricing is fancy French, but it's a good value if you're used to that sort of thing.
I struggle to find any flaws with our experience here last night. E and I got all dressed up to celebrate three years of extreme happiness and settle in for what we knew would be an incredible meal.

To begin, do not neglect to order a cocktail or some wine, it's just that kind of place. You earned it. I got a French 75, probably my favourite cocktail of all time, and it was spectacular. E also enjoyed his Sazerac and we both went for a second round. The table bread is such a highlight here. I know how odd that sounds, but you'll understand, trust me. We ate 2 entire little tin buckets full of bread (and we didn't even have to ask for the second bucket, it was offered. Bonus points).

For appetizers we both ordered the escargots, which came in adorable little clay pots with garlicky butter. Delicious, but I still think Cochon's rendition is the best in the city. It was a good value though, with 9 perfect tender little morsels for $12, and it was very rich. E was hoping for oysters but there were none to be had.

Since we were feeling celebratory, we also got the Flammenkuche to share. Here is where the service really started to set itself apart- without asking, they made this a mid-meal course and served it after we finished the escargots instead of shoving it on the small table with everything else. A small thing, but meaningful. Get the Flammenkuche! Good lord it may have been the best thing we had. Oniony and cheesy and bacony, with a crisp crust, oh my...

I went for the rabbit as my entree and E got the pork loin. The rabbit was everything I had hoped it would be and more. The meat was so tender and moist and flavourful, the tagliatelle firm and springy, so rich... If anything it was maybe a tad salty but I didn't mind. E let me steal a bit of his and it was also really tasty, especially the pomme puree. If you love mashed potatoes, order this dish. A side crock  of gratin cauliflower rounded out the mains nicely and was executed flawlessly.

Even though we were stuffed, when you're at a great French restaurant it would be a huge mistake to not order dessert. We chose the creme brulee and orange tart, but only had one bite of the tart because that creme brulee might be the best dessert I've ever put in my mouth. Impossibly smooth and creamy with just enough sweetness but not too much. We ate all of it even though we were full beyond belief. 

Total damage for this feast, including 4 cocktails, was about $150 before tax and tip. You could get it under $100 easily by restraining yourself a bit more than we did, so this place is worth checking out even for a normal date night. Atmosphere is romantic and classy but somewhat casual- you wouldn't feel super out of place in jeans, but the Flyers jersey is probably pushing it. The place is TINY (although not super loud even though it was crowded) and the kitchen is open, so it gets a bit fragrant. Leave your furs at home unless you fancy some expensive dry cleaning bills. Service was very attentive from start to finish. No small detail was missed. Can't wait to return!
With their four year anniversary right around the corner, Bistrot La Minette, definitely has something to celebrate:  that besides Bibou, this is the only destination in Philadelphia for an authentic cuisine française experience, with a menu that is supremely delicieux.

J'adore the interior, always have, along with the songbook to boot (I mean, I might be in the minority here, considering my heritage, but I can't get enough of Joe Dassin, Jacques Brel, and yes, the Amelie soundtrack - it never gets old). 

From the elegant restrooms, traditional decor, marble-topped bar and the high vaulted ceilings, even the gorgeous Laguiole knives, it's the attention to detail that puts me over the moon.  Service is always pleasant, accurate, present and knowledgeable (even though their pronunciation isn't on point, and their insistence of saying pree fee for 'prix fixe' when it's actually pree feexe - but bah! small potatoes).  Along with Talula's Garden, this place is perfect for a nice dinner out with the folks or for a date destination set for romance.

Summer brings about a menu that is all-Provençal and that embraces those vegetables of summer, tomatoes, eggplant and zucchini:  an end result that was wonderfully executed in a delicious ratatouille.  A zippy tapenade amuse bouche starts off any meal right -- and of course,  I  still love their amazing crunchy, buttery baguette bread (can I buy to take home?) and their escargots (this time finished with anchovy, bone marrow and garlic) - which is always utter perfection.  Their wine selections also reflected the Provence focus, with some great Rosés and a Languenoc red (Domaine Magellan) that will blow your socks off (not available at state stores, we were told, but Moore Brothers carries it).  Chef Woolsey and his team do not dissappoint.   Meat is always cooked on point (duck, lamb, beef, even frogs' legs, although the large ones aren't always as tender as the smaller ones), every item is flavored perfectly, delicately and meal progression is so well-timed, no rush, no fuss -- and you know what?  Desserts are bangin', too.

All in all, why go to Parc or Le Bec Fin, when Bistrot La Minette and Bibou do it so much better and so effortlessly?  In my book, it's no contest, no question.
A Philly restaurant that reminds you of eating in Paris...

Yes, Bistro La Minette is it. Chef Peter provided me Paris Restaurant recommendations years ago. When I returned home from Paris, I realized that Paris cuisine and culture was right in my backyard.

Every dish is cooked to perfection. The bread and butter to start kicks off a fantastic evening. The butter is ROOM TEMP - that is the only way restaurants should serve butter with bread. A little sprinkle of salt and spread over a fresh piece of bread. *Poof* you just time traveled to Paris by food. Never had a disappointing dish and would order every item if I had 6 stomachs to fit it all - including dessert! I look forward to returning to Bistro once Covid-19 is over, and I hope to see you there!
Move over Parc, you Disney-fied, Stephen-starred attempt at french casual dining - Bistrot La Minette is in town and does the french bistro bit, from ambiance, service to, of course, le food with perfect authenticity.  Parc is the Madame Tussaud of french bistros. Bistrot La Minette is the real thing, here in Philadelphia.

When you walk up to La Minette, you really feel like you're meandering to a local eatery on Rue Dominique in the Seventh Arrondissement in Paris.  Lovely outdoor seating, casual cozy interior, not too forced, unfussy with leather banquettes that line the wall coupled with hefty marble tables and warm lighting.  Tiny bar which seats no more than a few (again, this stays true to real bistro territory).

Flawless, attentive and indulgent service set the scene and a well-executed menu made the experience magnifique.  It started off with a little gift from the kitchen, gruyère gougères, perfect cheese puffs.  Our little group ordered a gamut of dishes for the first course:  Perfect escargot de bourgogne (save some bread to dip in the remaining decadent garlic butter), fresh-so-in-season, Terrine de Tomates, the Alsatian pizza (lardons, crème fraiche, oh my!) - Délicieux!

Second courses did not dissapoint either - with the highlight being a Lapin Rôti à la moutarde - a little bunny that was tender, juicy and just yummers served with house-made tagliatelle.  Portions were generous and regretfully, no one had room for desert.

Ah oui.. like other french bistros, you can't forget that they sell their house red and white at half a pitcher and a pitcher for a reasonable $12 and $20 - although they also offer an impressive wine list (but it will cost you! Sacré-bleu!)

Alors, allez-y!
Came here for restaurant week. 3.5 but rounded down to 3 stars, explanation will be followed.
Atmosphere: 3.5 stars, considering the price of the food, the ambience doesn't speak much. Pretty standard decor with simple tables and chairs. 
Food: 4 stars. All of the appetizers & desserts we ordered were excellent. Main courses, not so much.
Highly recommend: 
Fisherman styled poached eggs
Braised Porkbelly with Fresh Figs (not on the menu, it was daily special)
Chocolate Mousse (Extremely rich, chocoholics will love this) 
Mille Feuille aux Framboises (Layered puff pastry with cream and raspberry sauce. The richness of vanilla cream and the tartness of raspberry perfectly complimented each other) 
Disliked: 
Pretty much all main courses - Both mustard braised rabbit and seared duck breasts were extremely tough to eat. Wish we had ordered other dishes.  
Service: This is why this place is poorly rated. May be we were just unlucky and caught our server on a bad day, but she seemed pissed off the whole night. Whenever she came by to refill our waters, we would thank her, and she would just walk away without a response (and believe me, it happened multiple times and there's no way she didn't hear us). My friends and I dined uncomfortably wondering why she was being so rude to us 

I never felt so uncomfortable dining in at a restaurant and so were my friends. Although the food was acceptable for the most part, because of terrible service I don't think I'll ever be back.
So this is why the Germans were so desperate to conquer France. Their food is so delicious.

Imagine for a second that you are looking out over the Maginot line with concrete fortifications, tank obstacles, and machine gun posts. You are thinking that even though you lost 2,476,897(Civilian and military) people the first time, might as well give it another shot. After all, you are getting hungry. 

Bistrot La Minette carries on the tradition of making other countries envious of French food. It is an excellent place.

The mussel appetizer with a poached egg and cream sauce is the best mussel dish I've had in recent memory. The mussels are flawlessly cooked and the sand/crunchy stuff has been righteously purged from each mussel. The sauce is great.

The Bœuf Bourguignon was absolutely tender. It melted in my mouth like the T-1000 in that molten metal at the end of T2. I could swear I felt a thumbs up as it went down my gullet.

The Carrelet Poêlée au Beurre Noisette was a little bit of a disappointment. It lacked the flare of the other dishes and was a little bit dry. Don't get me wrong - it was good fluke. It just didn't stack up to the expectations set by the other items.

I have to give mad props to the waiter named Kane. I dropped a fork on the floor and my replacement was available in seconds. He heard it from across the room, triangulated the location of the sound(Predator-style), and delivered unto me a clean eating utensil.
I didn't want to like this place as much as I did, I really didn't but at least you know that the 5 stars are genuine. At first glance I thought it might be a bit overhyped and full of diners who are a part of the "I always wanted to go to Paris" or the "Pshh I studied abroad in Paris and this is what I think French food is" crowd. I was correct. Over hearing the conversations when I sat down and reading some of the reviews here I truly and honestly thought that the place would be a 2-3 star cafe. We got the tartare, foie gras and escargot for starters. Rabbit pasta and the braised beef cheek for entree and caramel tart and raspberry pastry on the restaurant week menu. 

Yo let me tell you, the tartare was on point. Never have I ever had a tartare like that. The escargot? Lit bro, instead of shells they have then in little ceramic "shot glasses" and they were perfect. The SLAB of foie gras was well worth it too. Not foie gras mousse and it wasn't seared but you got a SLAB of it on toast and that's a mea right there. The Rabbit fell apart as well as the beef cheek. Rabbit was not too gamey and the beef wasn't dry at all. Dessert was great as well. The raspberry pastry was flakier than you are when you make plans with people you don't want to see and the cream wasn't overly sweet. The caramel tart was excellent but I can't comment because I only had a bite. Go here, now.
Although we have returned to Bistro La Minette several times since my last review, I hadn't taken the time to do an update. Well - update time!

Any time is a good time to go to this Old World-feeling Paris restaurant - but when they're running one of their special dinners, it's definitely the place to be.  We went for their Tartiflette dinner.  The very reasonable fixed-price dinner for 2, with a bottle of wine, before tip, ran about $110.

The 4 course dinner started with a delicious Root vegetable soup followed by a Dijon vinaigrette Bibb lettuce salad with ham & Comte cheese. The main dish was the Tartiflette - which was a baked "gratin" of potatoes, bacon, onions and Reblochon cheese and wine.  This is something like the very best au gratin potatoes that you've ever tasted. It was so large, we could only eat half, so I know what we'll be enjoying for dinner tonight!  For dessert, a delicious Mixed Berry Tart was served.

The atmosphere, the staff, the food all make this place a destination for a very enjoyable evening.
Another one where I'm surprised at the 4.5 star yelp rating. 4.5 is really high, and this place didn't come close to blowing me away at all. It was an ok (at best) meal for a not ok price (and I came during restaurant week, too). I'd give it 2 stars, but I'll settle on 3 because the atmosphere was really cute.

Escargot and foie gras to start: These were as great as I'd expect them to be if a restaurant serves them at all.

Duck confit and rabbit en moutard for entrees: Both very dry. Confit is supposed to fall off the bones (right..?), but this one was overcooked. The rabbit was dry and overcooked as well, not juicy and flavorful as I was expecting. The forkful of tagliatelle that accompanied it was good though. We wrestled with scraping the overcooked meat off the bones with our silverware, which is ridiculous when the portion sizes are teeny tiny and French. Almost felt like I was being trolled..

Mille feuille and rum baba: mille feuille was great. Rum baba was awful, awful. We only got it because it was recommended by the waiter. It's supposedly a pastry soaked in rum, but it tasted like a soggy ball of cheap alcohol. Bitter and absolutely terrible. Would not recommend. 

Anyways, $100 total for like, 5 forkfuls of meh food each. I'm not a stranger to French food. I've had teeny tiny portions at other places that did not make me lament the size at all because they've been that good. This was not one of those places.
I have heard many good things about Bistrot La Minette and finally made it last night, an anniversary treat courtesy of my brother-in-law.  

The space is charming and service was very good.  Kudos to Cornelia, Chris and Colin who were our servers and they were all just great.

We all chose the tasting menu and opted for the Clos Normand cider over the wine paring and it worked just fine for us through the dinner (although we opted to have Sauternes with the foie gras course because that's just a must-pairing).

The amuse of cold Provençal soup with herbes de Provence oil and cheese was a great start to a fantastic meal. 

The escargots à la Bourguignonne were served hot, garlicky and delicious in little pots each capped by a crisp beret of bread - simply yummy. 

The salade de saumon cru was fresh and the radish and pickled shallots really added a nice bit of acidity.  

The salade d'asperges vertes et blanches was beautiful and perfectly dressed with a brown butter vinaigrette, crumbles of Boucheron cheese and the most beautiful soft cooked egg.  I could eat it every day and be quite happy.  

An amazing standout among all the fantastic dishes was the oeuf de pêcheur.  A perfect poached egg on a raft of toast in the most sublime pool of tarragon cream dotted by plump, tender, beautiful little mussels. 

This was followed by the addition of the foie gras course which was equally perfect.  The fresh cherry compote, cherry sauce, perfectly cooked foie gras which we paired with a golden sauternes was just sublime.  Two of us opted to have a half pour of Sauternes and it was served in the best little wine glass. 

The next courses were the magret de canard au miel and the lapin roti à la moutarde and both again, were just perfection.  Perfectly cooked duck and rabbit, sauced and garnished wonderfully.  

We finished this incredible meal with the gâteau mousse au chocolat and the mille feuille au framboises.  The desserts were up to the level of the dinner in presentation and taste and so were just the perfect ending to a perfect meal.  

We will definitely be returning and I am now one of the many voices that will be singing the praises of La Bistrot a Minette - it is indeed a delicious and authentic taste of France in Philadelphia.

Au chef, merci pour ce repas vraiment incroyable et sublime. Nous étions de retour en France pour la soirée et c'était magique.
Best meal I've had in Philadelphia.

My boyfriend and I dined at Bistro La Minette one Sunday.  It wasn't very busy.  We sat in the "garden" in the back of the restaurant, alone, but loved it.

Our server, Kane, was just fantastic.  So professional, courteous, and helpful.  At times he felt like a ninja, filling our water and dropping the check without the slightest intrusion.

As for the food, oh my god, the food!  To start we ordered the heirloom tomato salad and the "euf de pecheur" (poached egg, mussels, and a creamy sauce), a must-order.  Then, we had a lemon crusted Halibut with a side of macaroni and cheese and pan-seared foie gras over an apple tatine (?) paired with Les Pins' Monbazillac.  Dessert consisted of a mille feuille aux framboises and L'opera.  Everything was wonderfully timed, wonderful tasting, and really, for lack of a better word, ridiculous.

Would definitely go back. Again, and again and again ...and again.
I felt as though I was on the set of Amelie - the warm and very European setting, the French country wine pitcher,  the collection of kitschy art on the walls, the pristine stem and silver ware, the FOOD.  

I'm not sure if Bistrot La Minette strives to be super traditional or authentic, but I really appreciate their culinary take on French.   Really, this place was simply outstanding.  You can tell they really give a damn about the customer experience and the owner seems to have a vision which transcends making a quick buck.  

I'll check out their famous outdoor courtyard dining arrangement later, after my Spring allergies calm down.

Highly recommended.  If you took a girl on a first date here and you don't get at least a goodnight kiss, you are a sucker.
Friend and I came here for dinner during Restaurant Week. Nice seating outdoors - small but I preferred this to the interior setup, which was surprisingly (as many have commented) more casual than expected. Service was great and dishes came out with pace. TLDR: get the poached egg with mussels. 

Here's a breakdown: 

Appetizers:
Œuf de Pêcheur (poached egg, toast, mussels) - egg poached perfectly, seasoning was on point, tarragon sauce was rich and creamy, mussels delicious. Best dish of the night. GET THIS. I'd love to have it for brunch as an entree. 
Terrine de Foie Gras au Poivre (foie gras pate, grilled peach) - nice chunk of foie gras, smooth, flavored. 

Entree: 
Lapin Rôti à la Moutarde (mustard braised rabbit with taglietelle pasta) - I wasn't expecting as strong of a mustard taste (my fault), but the meat was tendered and flavored. May be too salty for some people but I love salt. 
Confit de Canard (duck confit) - nice crisp on the duck, 

Dessert:
Mille Feuille aux Framboises (caramelized puff pastry, raspberries, pastry cream) - despite being neither a dessert nor raspberry person, I really enjoyed this! It was the perfect balance of sweet and tart, pastry was flaky and caramelized nicely. 
Verrine de Myrtille et Citron (lemon curd, almond cake, blueberries) - friend got this and it was too tart for me personally; refreshing but would pass.
THE. PERFECT. DATE. RESTAURANT.

If you are trying to decide where to go for a lovely, fabulous, delicious, memorable dinner--look no further than Bistrot La Minette.

Every single part of our dinner was worth raving about. Our server, Edward, was FANTASTIC! Our appetizers--the Heirloom Tomato Salad and Pea & Parsley Soup were INCREDIBLE. Our entrees--the 1/2 Roast Chicken and Braised Short Rib were YUM! Our dessert--the piece de resistance!--the Creme Brulee with fresh Blackberries and the Peach Tart with homemade Apricot Sorbet--WOW!

Stop reading my review and go make a reservation!!!! (but eat inside since the building next door is currently under construction and isn't too picturesque at the moment)
After walking in, we soon discovered that this place is the perfect date spot for a cold winter evening! It has a great cozy upscale feel with wonderful food. 

We both started with some tasty bubbly cocktails. If you love some bubbly than this is the place for you. They have plenty of options. We then split the grilled quail with wilted arugala and a sherry au jus and it was lovely. Yes, quail is always tough to eat because it's just so tiny but the flavors were really tasty. It was a very fall dish. My only wish was that the quail came with more of a grilled texture but all and all, great start. I should also mention that the bread and butter was awesome. I loooove a french baguette and they serve a great one!

For our entrees we went with the seared duck breast and the butter poached salmon. The duck was perfect. I love a seared duck breast and this dish had every component I love in a duck dish. Perfectly medium rare, sweet and savory with a creamy puree to pair. Great. Very rich but well worth the richness! The salmon was also a winner. It was more on the rare side which is fine by me with the perfect buttery flavor. The other components all paired well with the dish and didn't take anything away from the salmon. 

With the cold winter months upon us, absolutely check this place out!
Seems to be picking up on the Bistro wave, but La Minette is a great arrival...across from Beau Monde, that corner of 6th & Bainbridge is starting to look a wee bit Parisian.

This place is so new you can still smell the paint drying in the tastefully decorated bathroom.  A splash of red cushioned booths and bright yellow walls, the long narrow dining room was packed with couples and families enjoying a Friday night.

Menu was a good spread of french bistro classics with a few stunners thrown in to boot. They sell carafes of wine, which a couple seated next to us was liberally helping themselves to; the guy was leaning over his date's plate a scooping up mouthfuls of potatoes off her chicken...it must've been that good. as you can tell from such detail, seating is tight.

My wife ordered the Summer Tomato Tart; a small selection of tasty ripened beauties served on a flaky, buttery disc of pie-dough, it was a great dish. Accompanying it was a bit of greens laced with a tarragon vinaigrette.

I had the Flammenkuche...which I found out later is THE dish of Alsace.  Think of it as France's answer to pizza margarita; the caramelized onions and crispy pork lardons were served atop a flatbread laden with creme fraiche.  I read another review of the place who complained about the mushiness of the dish, but it seems they corrected and served it up crispy.  While good, I'd probably cut it up before serving...it was hard to eat with a knife & fork, so I eventually opted to go pizza fingers on it.

Several other entrees looked good; I had my eye on the Lamb Shanks that were pouring out of the kitchen. We were stuffed though and went with dessert only, a Pot de Creme served with lightly sweetened whipped cream. The Pot de Creme had a mocha-like firm custard, not the chocolate bomb we were expecting, but very smooth...kind of like the after meal coffee in a cup.
The first time I came here was a while ago when I used to live in downtown and they had this sunchoke soup that was outta this world delicious. It had this light lemomy flavor to it and that is really all I can remember about it. However, they did not have it this time :(

The Foie Gras is of course, super delicious.

We also had the Escargots à la Bourguignonn that was served with these miniature porcelain cups with garlic herb butter topped with a crouton in each. Very cute presentation, also very delicious.

However, I am slightly disappointed by my entree - and this is in no way a reflection on the restaurant. I had ordered Lapin Rôti à la Moutarde  (mustard-braised rabbit, house-made taglietelle, rabbit jus), thinking it was going to be boneless. The flavor is so un-regrettably amazing, but it was extremely depressing for me to see two little tiny legs sitting on a plate by a side of delicious house-made taglietelle noodles (stingy on the noodles too). It would be too much of a psychological warfare for me to get this again. And yes, I am the same way with pretty much all bone-in things. The whole ball and socket thing in food kinda gives me the heebie jeebies.

My girlfriends got the Gnocchi Parisienne (french-style potato gnocchi, roasted wild mushrooms, caramelized pearl onions, Reblochon fondue). Well, apparently have also been living my life in a gnocchi lie - I have never tasted gnocchi this fluffy. The whipped sour cream was an ingenious touch.
A damn near perfect meal. Quality was there, service was cordial, our reservation time was perfect for a great late evening dinner. We started with a pitcher of the house wine and the scallops which were delectable. I ordered the lobster, and my wife had the rabbit. Both were amazing. We ended with the Tarte au Citron (Lemon Tart, Cassis Sorbet) and Mille Feuille aux Framboises (Carmelized Puff Pastry, Vanilla Pastry Cream, Raspberries) and some coffee. We all felt fat and happy.

This place is very cute and very hip without being hipsterish. This is a great date spot and with its great service and food it will leave you in the mood for a great night.
As soon as I stepped inside Bistrot La Minette It felt like I was transported to this cozy bistro in a small town in France!
After looking at this bistro on Yelp, I was super excited to try It and it did not disappoint. We went here for a Sunday brunch and I fell in love with the ambience and the coffee. You will especially love the coffee if you like the European variety more.  They started us off with some warm bread with butter and we got the escargot for appetizer which is the best I have had outside of France till date. The oil with garlic and parsley in it was very flavorful and we loved dipping the bread in it.

For plats we got the Euf de pachur and Omlette with Peggy eggs and everything was very well made and delicious. Our server was very attentive and sweet and even made me Cafe au Lait which was not on there menu. 

Even though we were very full from the appetizer and the plate we wanted to taste one of the desserts and got the chocolate cake to go. The cake was so soft and delicious and came with some whipped pistachio cream.

We were surprised when we got the cheque as they have a Sunday special pre fix menu and one of our meals cost only $25 for a appetizer, entree and dessert.  I will surely be visiting again soon.
This is a review of the five course tasting menu, touching upon the wine pairings.  

While this restaurant is good -- actually very good -- their structure is somewhat different than what we prefer.  Our server Cornelia -- who was lovely and great -- asked if there's anything we wouldn't eat.  Not thinking to inquire what we might be served,  we didn't claim allergies or aversions.  (When we ordered the tasters menu at a wonderful restaurant in Charleston, the server primed us.  "Would you eat venison?  Is lamb to your liking? How about sturgeon?")

So ... we ended up trying escargot and rabbit -- items we probably would have rejected had we been apprised.  For what it's worth, both were very good -- the garlic sauce with the snails excellent.  And yes; they're not kidding when they say rabbit tastes like chicken.

With the exception of the amuse bouche -- a delicious celery soup -- the oeuf du pecheur (poached eggs with mussels) and escargot, the three of us were served different items. Their thinking is that we could try more things by tasting each other's dishes.  Trout with haricots verts was exceptional as was the salmon appetizer, so delicate and tasty.

For dessert, we were served two orders of poached pears -- another thing we would have nixed, had we known -- along with a tart.  I didn't like the pear at all, so Cornelia very kindly swapped mine out for "Financier aux Mures": almond cake, whipped goat cheese, blackberry puree.  Much better!

As far as the wine pairings, were they really "paired"?! Since we  were served different, unrelated dishes for several courses, how was the wine synched to the food?  While we were told WHAT we were drinking, we weren't told WHY -- which is always a nice touch.  The port, of course, served with the sweets made sense. (Including the port, we were given two reds, three whites.)

Bistrot's tasting menu is $55.  The wine pairing is an additional $20.  While it was a fun evening, I wouldn't whole heartedly recommend doing as we did.  When we go back -- and we look forward to returning -- we'll order off the menu.
Wow! This place is charming and the food is amazing!

Here are the dishes I tried, and everything was great in its own right:

Bouchées à la Reine - puff pastry with mushrooms in a cream sauce
*Œuf du Pêcheur - mussels on toast with tarragon cream and poached egg
Escargots à la Bourguignonne - piping hot in a garlic butter
Caille Farcie à la Sauce Vigneron - sausaged-stuffed quail
Rôti de Porc aux Pruneaux - bacon-wrapped pork loin stuffed with prunes
Tarte Tatin - upside down apple tart with caramel ice cream
**Mille Feuille aux Framboises  - caramelized pastry with cream and raspberries

The ones with the stars were the best dishes that I had. I LOVED the raspberry pastry dessert...I could pound that every day. The dishes change seasonally, and I'll be back for the braised duck!
Had a great experience here with friends on Saturday. Reservation was easy to make at last minute. The atmosphere inside was both family friendly and romantic, and very European. We had: (1) Tartare de Boeuf (2) Truite Meuniere (miller-style trout) (3) Blanquette de Veau (traditional braised veal) (4) Magrete de Canard aux Navets et Petit Pois (Pan-seared duck breast) (5) Riz au Lait (rice pudding and whipped cream) (6) Pot de Creme Caramel (caramel custard, sea salt, cat's tongue cookies) . Not pictured are complimentary appetizers of little puffs and toasts, as well as complimentary dark chocolates. I loved the pan seared duck breast and the trout the most. All the food were very filling that I could barely eat any desserts. I would come back more often if they were a few $$ signs cheaper.
The food here is good, but the manager here is nasty. I arrived here with my esa dog with a friend, having called beforehand that we could sit with the dog in the outside area. When a waitress has seated us already, the manager with beard told us to move to a different table because he could not stand having us sit in the front of the outside tables with a dog. This is total discrimination and terrible attitude.

Having explained to him that we would prefer not to move since we have seated, the manager started to serve our table with a horrible attitude. He gave us angry tones a couple times and also smashed our entrees on the table. 

I have been to this restaurant a couple times before. But this last experience certainly made sure that I would never return again. Having a manager with such service and discrimination against ESA animals (which was well-behaved and brought with restaurant approval) is just a tragedy for this restaurant. No matter the food taste being above average, having servers with minimal human personality and manners are always the most important. 

I just feel sad for the restaurant owner to have people like this working for him/her.
My boyfriend and I came to Bistrot for our four year anniversary and it was spectacular! Everything from the ambiance, to the service and the delicious food was perfect...it was a very unique and authentic French experience!

There is seating out front overlooking the sidewalk and street, inside and also the back courtyard. I highly recommend sitting in the back courtyard, it was so charming! Round lights were strung above the tables and beautiful pots overflowing with colorful flowers dotted the ground. It was a very romantic place for dinner, but would also be fun with a bunch of friends for an upscale dinner!

Our server Mike was outstanding- he was so knowledgeable and friendly and you could tell her wanted to make our dinner enjoyable. We started off with their pitcher of wine- it was a very clever idea to serve wine in a clay pitcher! Sidenote: The owner's uncle makes the pitchers in Maine.  

Then, another server brought out complimentary little round toasted baguette pieces topped with homemade olive tapenade YUM! This wa followed by the best tasting bread I've ever had (the recipe is from the owner's wife's aunt who lives in Leon, France) and butter topped with fleur de sol. The crust was crunchy and flaky yet the interior was soft. 

We ordered escargot and a homemade pasta dish for appetizers, these were also fabulous! They serve the escargot in cute little pots about the size of your thumb (also homemade by the chef's uncle) and it was delicious. Sometimes I like escargot, other times not, but Bistrot had these little escargots marinated in this unbelieveable sauce of olive oil, garlic and olives and it was to die for!

We both ordered the beef for our entrees (entrees range in price from $20-$27)- served with little home made gnocci potato puffs, WOW! Everything really was mouth-watering. They ran out of the potato au gratin, so the server asked the chef to whip up something special that is not on the menu- homemade mac and cheese with 4 cheeses, including Brie. Again, fabulous!! The night ended with two complimentary chocolate truffles. The dessert menu also looked delicious but we were too full.

Highly recommend for a romantic night on the town or even with couples, friends, family! 

This truly was an authentic, French bistro experience (we passed several tables of people speaking French...so you know it is the real thing!)

I was a little sad to leave- it was a wonderful night!!
Bistro La Minette is the perfect date spot. Amazing service, food, and wine selection. 

I have been to Paris and the food here is reminiscent of my favorite bistro in Montmartre. I love that they have some of the French country style cuisine like Coq au Vin which is the best thing I have had there.

You will not be disappointed with anything you order.
I'm certainly their Number 1 fan.  Maybe its my growing love for french food or that it's within walking distance in my hood but I simply can't get enough of this place.  The decor is intimate and charming.  So for those romantics out there...this is your place!!  The music selection and volume is subtle yet present.  OH and The Food!  I have yet to walk away feeling hungry or disappointed.  From the beet salad to the rabbit or lamb shank (I'm a creature of habit) my belly is happy.  I often would just go there for a drink or five on the outside patio or go have dinner and a movie on Monday's and Thursday's (All french subtitled films of course).  The service is friendly yet professional which in those parts are true treasures.  So if I'm setting high expectation for you...I am!!  You can tell'em I sent you ;-)
MMM OOOH YES(insert various moans of pleasure). That was me, on New Years Eve at midnight, my first 2010 mouthful was of buttery vinegary almondy Truite Meuniere. Our tres french 10:45 dinner at Bistrot La Minette was perfect, absolutement magnifique!

We arrived a bit early and had cocktails at the tiny bar (a champagne with a splash of St Germaine and a Sazerac), and it was at the very first, just so very pleasant, we were greeted warmly, had a nice chat with the bartender and were seated before our res time.

We were snuggled into a sweet little two top with a super comfy banquette, It was so charming, every thing the napkins, the water bottles, the cute little bread bucket, the server...he was just sweet and happy and though probably exhausted from the long night, we saw no sign of it.

We polished off our bucket o' baquette in moments, it was perfect, the butter was even special. When our server informed us that it would be a few minutes till another loaf came out of the oven, I was happy to wait.

As a first course we had Terrine de Foie Gras (NYE special) and Flammenkuche (Alsatian tart of creme fraiche, bacon & onions).  Le foie, what can I say, it was heavenly, it was so good I ate it in teeny tiny lady like bites so I could make it last, it was all I could do not to faint with pleasure. I  offered the Bf a bite, but only because I love him, and he was like oh my god, is that mayonnaise...now he was referring to the texture which was so ridiculously unctuous.  In exchange for the wee bite I was given a large slice of flammenkuche,,sweet, bacony creamy..chewy..is there a french word for umami?. 

To counteract the enormous amount rich fattiness we had just eaten we ordered a Salade Verte to share as a mid course. (Hoping that french paradox would happen, the salad would magically erase the-foie-bacon-cremefaiche calories)

It was simply wonderful, soft boston lettuce tossed with a dijon-y vinaigrette and chopped chives. Perfect Simple.

We brought a bottle of Moet White star with us ($20 corkage, totally reasonable) and  got a pitcher of house wine ($20 so reasonable!) with the entrees , which was totally decent, drinkable and came in the cutest little stoneware vessel.

Now my Truite Meuniere, I will say I was perhaps une petite dissapointed that it did not come out whole on a sizzling copper plate, boned sur la table, they way Julia Child's first one was, but I quickly got over that once I tasted it . Ahh mon dieu, it was just so good, and was served on what I can only describe as a hillock of haricot verts, with a few fingerlings scatted about. I was soo happy to have a generous amount of veg on my plate, j'adore les haricot verts!

I am so tired of the singular fava bean, the duet of asparagus, the lone lump of spinach.

As wonderful as my trout was my greedy eyes  were drawn to the perfectly cooked Entrecote de Boeuf (rib eye) across the table from me, nor could I keep my hands off the adorable little casserole of potatoes gratin. Despite a warning from both our server and my Bf that the plate was hot I practically lunged for it.

The Steak was so delicious, it was just so delicious..it was the last bite of 2009, a delicious ending to a really awful year. Did I mention that it was delcious?

At midnight they brought around glasses of champagne and we all toasted, there were no silly hats or noise makers or singing of auld lang syne, which was fine, it would have detracted from our eating

There was no way we were leaving without dessert and though I had planned on cheese, I had not planned on the generous portions, a cheese plate could've killed me so we split a Chocolate Pots de Cream..which was as we came to expect perfect.. ( did I growl at the busboy when he tried to take what he thought was an empty plate away?..maybe)  Our server brought us a small complimentary taste of caramel ice cream and pear sorbet...he said to make up to the wait for our first course, but we never noticed the time.

The pear sorbet really no way to describe it without the obvious.. it was like biting into an incredibly juicy ripe pear that just happened to be frozen, I slipped teaspoon of it  into my glass of champagne..I suggest doing the same.

We smuggled the lovely chocolates, that arrived with the check (so reasonable!), in our pockets for later.. left the remainder of our bottle ofchampagne for our server and went out into the the new year full of good cheer and good food and hope for the future.

La Minette gave us some of that hope, it was warm and friendly, delicious and above all gracious. Grace is an underestimated quality and one that truly makes a difference.

Merci Beaucoup La Minette et Une Bonne Annee!
Had reservations to this place. Walked in and it was empty. But there was a private party in a private room. Place looks decent. They have a coat check. Pretty cool.

Started our order with drinks. Passion green tea. Light aroma and tasted good. My friend got the sparkling lemonade and he said it was "way too sour!"

Appetizers: Escargot and Quail. For me the escargot was salty. The quail was great. Well seasoned, accompanied with buttered spinach and some purée. Very tasteful. Presentation was great.

Entree: lamb shank was ok. Well balanced. I sampled this from my friends dish. I had the braised beef. Boy, it was horribly salty. My second bite was my last.

Dessert: Chocolate Mousse and Puff Pastry. My Puff Pastry was light, airy and crunch. Perfect combination of cream, fresh raspberry, and crispy pastry. The chocolate mousse was good. Coffee ice cream was strong with a nutty crunch. Good also but very rich.

Weird, my tea cup is an illy cup which is itailian cafe but we were in a French restaurant. Service was good. Every course their was a change in utensil. Second change my fork had some green stuff in between the sides of the fork. I just grabbed another fork from another table. The entrance did have a heavy round curtain to sustain cold air from coming in. I like this. It's a great idea to keep the breeze from coming in. Hostess was nice. She also coat checked us.

This place is on the expensive side. For two we spent $140. Just wish my main entree was not super salty.
The "garden" at BLM is the perfect setting for a quiet nite out.
We arrived @ 9:30  for movie nite. The main dining room was still busy with dinner patrons we were led past the open kitchen to the "garden".

The ambiance was tre bien; mini lights hung from the ceiling, a few wall and window plants and the exposed brick wall added Philly charm to an old world cafe feel.  We were seated along the brick wall every table filled. 
 
Out came the warm bread and salted butter-  yum!
We decided to get a few apps to split- the highly reviewed mussels in cream sauce, grilled sardines and bibb salad.
The bibb salad came lightly dressed in a Dijon dressing. The sardines were grilled and came along side some sweet roasted red peppers. The sardines are fileted so bone free. They were exquisite ; char grilled to perfection and still moist. Finally the mussels, creamy tarragon sauce poured over mussels and topped with a poached egg. This dish is a must! I could have licked the plate clean. 
We washed down our food with a pitcher of white( Chardonnay , I'm 
usually not a fan but this was unoaked and very drinkable)
dessert was just ok I tried something new the strawberry cake with carmel ice cream. It wasn't how I imagined cake to be it was served in a pie like dish and had the consistency of a pancake. Very few strawberries, the Carmel ice cream saved this dish. 
Finished with an espresso. Our server is always the same person and he always does a great job. I can never remember his name but he ususally works in the garden.
I've been to BLM a few times (wine dinner a few months back and movie nights with my girls last summer) all of my experiences have been great. My only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is the movie posted online was not the movie they played. I and a few others had a sad face on when this was announced. We also never received our amuse bouche, every time I've ever been the chef sends out something small and a few other tables received what looked like a grouges( small French cheese puff ) the dessert wasn't bad but it wasn't the best thing either.

A few things-
$20.00 pitchers of wine (red or white) 
movies in the garden are mon, thurs @ 8:30 & fri @ 9:30
make reservations if you want to sit in the garden there aren't very many tables and on nice nites they will be full.
Get the mussels (unless ur allergic or vegetarian)

Of course I'll be back I'm a francophile in training !
Amazing.

Went for the anniversary dinner with a friend. The mushroom and artichoke soup with foie gras was smooth and creamy. The mussels and duck confit, delicious. The salmon poached in duck fat, the steak, the bacon wrapped harticort verts, fantastic. Everything was just amazing. This was my first time here but not my last!
Yep 5 Stars!

Every component of my meal was awesome.  Tartare de Boeuf, Seared Duck Breast, Chocolate Mousse Cake all perfect.  The server was attentive and made perfect suggestions.  What I will take away from this meal is that everything was perfect.

The Duck Breast was succulent and meaty, the fat from the duck skin perfectly rendered over a Foie Gras sauce.  Just perfect.

The Tartare de Boeuf included seasoned chopped raw beef with capers and raw egg on top.  A swipe of mustard, mini pickles and slices of bread were also included to round out the serving.   Great serving, just delicious.

The Layered Chocolate Mousse cake at the end was a switch from the cheese plate due to my munching on way too much of the delicious bread throughout the meal.  I think I would have been satisfied either way but this Chocolate Mousse was just what I needed.  Rich chocolate with chopped pistachio nuts and fresh whipped creme rounded out the beautiful plate.

My dinner also included some bites of the Foie Gras appetizer which was also truly delicious.  Next time I visit I will get my own dish as my taste made me slightly jealous.  

The tables were really tight and I could hear every word on both sides of my table.  The air conditioner also needed to be rolled down a few notches as it was a bit muggy due to unseasonably warm weather.  I'd definitely come back for the food alone.
This restaurant is AMAZING! Honestly this place is a beautiful gem in Philly. I went for a birthday dinner with a friend. Not only was the service phenomenon, but the food was very tasty. We got the 3-course special for $25. The portions were quite large for 2 people so it was a great value. We ordered the salad for the 1st course, the veal with mashed potatoes and Mac and cheese for the 2nd course, and the chocolate mousse for the 3rd course. I would definitely recommend going for the 3 course special!
This is the BEST place in Philly!! We had dinner here last Saturday night with 18 guests: they were from New York City, London, Sydney, Perth, Melbourne, Boston, Washington DC, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Phoenix, Seattle and Philadelphia. You could say the world's greatest Foodie cities! And EVERY PERSON LOVED your restaurant! They raved!!!!!!!! The service was EXTRAORDINARY and SEAMLESS! 

The group wanted to make sure David was acknowledged. He was on top of his game! 

And the Food was just PERFECT! I don't even know what words would really capture how great the entire experience was!

AND as a local, I was just proud.
I came here for restaurant week and honestly had the best French dining experience in my life. From the decor, ambiance, service, and the food, everything was done right. You really can't go wrong with this place.

To start with, I had the fisherman's poached egg and the foie gras. I personally am not a huge fan of the foie gras so I didn't like it, but my friends who tried it say it's probably one of the best they've had. But the fisherman's egg, oh my goodness, they somehow managed to manipulate the flavor of the yolk to perfectly complement the bread and the clams. 5/5

For my main dish, I had the gnocchi. I really liked it because I like buttery foods, but it was very heavy. It was paired well with the perfectly textured cauliflower. I was also able to get a bite of the rabbit leg and the duck, both of which were very solid.

Finally, for dessert, I had the framboises and the tarte au citron, both of which were top notch. The tart was very well balanced with a sweet cream so you could get the combination of both flavors. For the pastry, I am not really sure what they put in the cream but it matched what i love so well - i'm not a huge fan of really sweet desserts, and this was just sweet enough. Combined with rasberry and the crackers, amazing.

The service in itself was top of the line. Our waiter was personable, friendly, patient, and charismatic. Overall, amazing experience and definitely coming back for more.
This quaint little French restaurant is decorated so well and feels so nice inside. The outside is kind of unassuming but the interior feels really nice. The waiters are all so kind and enthusiastic and the dishes were prepared surprisingly quickly. I ordered the duck confit which had an amazingly crispy skin that paired well with juicy meat that was all marinated in some of the jus that the duck cooked in. This place is splendid and I hope to be back soon
This is perhaps my favorite restaurant to go with my boyfriend on a special occasion or date night.  I find the warm classic French decor very romantic.

The last time we visited the restaurant was for their 2 year anniversary in which they offered 4 courses for $22 (pre fixe menu), the escargots appetizer was the star of that meal.

Their menu changes frequently based on what is in season.    They also do special pre-fixe dinner nights such at the one mentioned above, usually focusing on a region of France.  I highly recommend the pitcher of house white wine; it is traditional French white table wine that tastes divine and a sweet price ($12 for small pitcher).   I've never had anything on the menu that I didn't like.  The dijon-braised rabbit is a stand-out entree.

I have yet to dine in the courtyard out back but with the Fall officially here I will be waiting until next year.  That doesn't mean I won't be back before then.  Get a little dressed up and make the night special - this place is the perfect back-drop for it!
If you are looking for a place to wine and dine, you already know there are certain cuisines that cater to that atmosphere. This little French bistro in Bella Vista is certainly one of them.

We had reservations during their happy hour (which at the time, was running half-price menu) - so definitely keep an eye out for that.

Really great wait staff, extremely friendly as soon as we walked in the door. They have coat room to make your sitting feel that much more comfortable. This is important to point out, because it is a tight space, but that just makes the whole atmosphere feel that much more warm and exciting. 

Their plates are all very elegant and true to french fashion - they are very creative and focus on combinations with fresh herbs and vegetables to go with their meat entrees. I would argue that if you are looking for just a classic/plain-jane meal - you won't want to come here. This is an opportunity to try some things outside of the norm, whether it be rabbit, snail, or quail. 

All of their food was just downright delicious, I think we would have just liked to see more vegetarian entree options on the menu. Their dessert menu is definitely something you can't pass on, with lots of options that have fruit (personal fav.)  

Check this place out!
Excellent date spot! 

When I came into this restaurant, I felt transported to a Parisian cafe, complete with the absurdly close together tables and (somewhat) rushed service. I can't help but say that these things add to the atmosphere. 

This place is a classy ass establishment. It's adorable. It's delicious. Eat the escargot, eat the braised rabbit, DEFINITELY eat the duck. Maybe enjoy some classy wine or French cocktails. Definitely only bring an attractive, articulate dining companion. That way, you can both be poised and posh together. Eat chocolate cake. Leave feeling incredibly happy.
I was tuned in to this place by the American Association of Teachers of French.  They had a large conference dinner here, which my mom and I decided to skip and make our own reservation.  I made my reservation through Yelp which was awesome and worked out splendidly - I received an e-mail conversation and La Minette had all of my information when we arrived.

The atmosphere is very décontracté, which appeals to me.  The feel is casual with a bit of elegance, so you feel like you're not just in a regular old streetside café.  There aren't tons of tables, so this place could get crowded quickly, but in a good way.  

We started our meal with two appetizers - a fresh tomato salad and the Vol-au-Vont, which was a puff pastry filled with lobster and vegetables.  Both tasted fresh and and the lobster in the vol-au-vont was delicious.  They split the tomato salad for us onto two plates so we didn't have to have an awkward serving situation, which was much appreciated.

My mom decided on the Cote de Porc Roti and loved it.  She said the pork was cooked wonderfully and the sides were nice compliments.  I decided to go with the Poulet aux Noisettes et Champignons Sauvages, which was only OK.  I wasn't impressed with all of the fatty pieces of dark meat and my chicken was highly undercooked.  I almost sent it back, but decided to just skip eating the wing, which was the most undercooked.  It's a little weird that chicken can even come out pink in the middle, but check when you get yours so you can send it back if it's underdone.  The mushrooms were good, though, and added a nice smoky compliment to the breast meat.

My mom had one of their seasonal cocktails for her drink and enjoyed it, though she would have preferred it be sweeter.  I opted for a nice Merlot and I thought it complimented the entire meal well.  They had nice choices for dessert, but we opted to find something else on South St.  

Very friendly staff and the service is quick enough.  Our waiter spoke French, which was a plus, as it added to my dining experience (it's nice being able to speak with someone).  The bathrooms are a bit uncomfortable for Americans who aren't used to sharing a sink area with the opposite sex, so prepare yourself.  Overall, a very nice restaurant and I highly recommend for an authentic French bistrot experience.
Went for their 4th anniversary prix fixe dinner and it was AMAZING.

One of the best dining experience I've had in Philly.

Great place, adorable atmosphere, cozy but not on top of each other table.  

Really good service.

The Vichyssoise was soo good.

For appetizers we chose the Bouchees a la Reine and the salmon tartar-both delicious.

We tried the coq au vin (OMG. IT WAS SO GOOD) and the Daube provencale (the gnocchis were like little puff of heaven,and the meat-SO TENDER).

The cheese plate for dessert was so good we packed half of it to go home. The flourless chocolate cake was great too.

Can't wait to go back when I can afford it any not worry about the prices!
I've never had French cuisine before, but I am so glad I came here to try it. M and I came here for Restaurant Week: since we didn't know if we would like it, we didn't want to pay full price for our first time here. We arrived just in time for our reservation and were seated promptly. They also have coat check (yay!). 

Our waiter gave us some time to decide on drinks (I got a glass of pinot grigio and M got a Kronenbourg 1664), then proceeded to take our food order. I ordered the mussels with tarragon creme and poached egg and the mustard braised rabbit. M got the root vegetable soup and boeuf bourguignon. Before our food came out, we were served cheesy profiteroles, compliments of the chef!

The mussels were TO. DIE. FOR. They were incredible. I couldn't stop fawning over them. I would have licked the sauce from the plate if I were slightly less classy (let's face it, I'm not too classy to begin with). I am normally not a big fan of egg, the taste always turns me off, but I ate that whole poached egg. It was wonderful.

The rabbit was good. I've never had rabbit before so unfortunately, I have nothing to compare it to. The pasta it came with was perfectly done and was served in a nice, buttery sauce. M's soup was really good and surprisingly light. His boeuf bourguignon was especially tasty, too, but it was a small portion. 

For dessert, M order the opera cake and I ordered the puff pastry with raspberry sauce. My dessert ended my meal perfectly -- the raspberry sauce provided enough tartness to cut through the richness of the rest of my meal. M's opera cake was tasty, but heavy. I'm glad I didn't order it. 

The service was great. Very knowledgeable and accommodating. In our past Restaurant Week experiences, it seemed like the waitstaff was turned off by us, which made for an awkward experience. It wasn't like that at all at Bistrot La Minette. I can't wait to come back!
We came here for restaurant week. Bartender was cool. The old fashioned was tasty! Table service was great! Baguettes were fresh! We had Escargot and Foie Gras for apps. Rabbit and Duck/Lamb/Sausage for entrees. And Puff Pastry and Lemon Tart for dessert. Everything was delicious! They allowed us bring our own wine and champagne and charged us $15 per bottle corking fee. We will def. make a return trip! Highly recommended!!
We went there for our wedding anniversary because of all the fabulous reviews but we were somewhat disappointed. The interior felt like a dining hall and only had about 3 tables on a Thursday night. 
The homemade bread was very good and my tarte de tomate was pretty good but my canard confit was too salty and my husband's rabbit was just meh. The worst was the gratin de courgette which completely missed the mark with sliced zucchini in cream and some slab of cheese on top. I don't think the price equal the quality. I'm not going back.
This is my special occasion meal in Philly. You have to order the right things but if you do your meal will be incredible:

For appetizers, get the escargot and the fisherman's poached egg, skip the foie gras

For main, get the lamb, duck, beef, and I hear the trout is excellent too, skip the rabbit

For dessert you can't really go wrong, but I would definitely go for one of the classic French specialties to really appreciate the delicate flavors and textures that they're famous for

I would describe the ambience as intimate with an older Victorian-style decor.
The people have said it:  Bistrot is a Philly gem, and one of my go-to favorites for special occasions ('cuz $$$).
My one time here is honestly my best dining experience as of yet, for Bistrot La Minette checks all the boxes:

Warm, top-notch service. 
Inviting, cozy atmosphere (lots of wood) that works across dates, friends, and family. 
Delicious food.  Simple, but artfully prepared. I doubt you could get anything bad here, and I do not say that lightly.

The layered mille dessert with the strawberries is on my short list of most memorable desserts I've ever had.  The delicate textures of creamy to crisp...it's perfection.  

Absolutely fantastic.
One of our favs, and one of the few places to do escargots right--to garlicky perfection, in other words. We went for restaurant week this time, and it was a lovely meal, with some minor quibbles that I'll forgive because of restaurant week. I started with the cocktail of the day, and it was fine but unmemorable. My partner's kir was better. The house white was a California Chardonnay, which was also fine but not all that French in style, which is disappointing at a French restaurant. To start, the escargots were amazing and had me sopping up the garlicky butter out of the little divets with all the bread I could get my hands on. For le plat principal, I had the chicken, which is normally not something I order at restaurants because it's so easy to do well at home, but this was definitely better than my roast chicken: crispy and juicy, and accompanied by perfectly roasted vegetables and some wonderfully cheesy potatoes. The rabbit was also delicious, nicely mustardy, though a much smaller portion overall. The only real disappointment was the millefeuille, whose flaky layers were sadly overbrowned and left a burnt flavor in my mouth. Even so, I left sated and content. Some restaurants just feel right, and this is one of those.
We made reservations about a month ago, because I was told over and over that I needed to try their famed duck and lamb cassoulet. Well, I'm officially sold. 

Dinner began with a bottle of red wine, salmon tartare, escargot in a garlic butter sauce, and pan seared scallops topped with a lemon sabayon for starters. We also received refills of complimentary French bread - I have no idea if the bread is made in house or not, but it is absolutely delicious! The escargot was so flavorful and tender, served in individual small containers filled with a decadent garlic butter sauce, topped with a small crouton. I absolutely love it each time I order it here. For the scallop appetizer, you get three pan-seared scallops served with a lemon sabayon - a citrusy complement to the briny seafood. The scallops were seared to perfection and very well seasoned. 

For the entrees, we split the lamb prepared two ways, the duck and lamb cassoulet, and the trout. The lamb prepared two ways was EXCELLENT. I'm not the biggest fan of lamb, but I appreciated that the lamb was not gamey in the least bit. The pan seared lamb was cooked medium rare and incredibly tender. The other portion of the lamb was braised and melt in your mouth perfection. The trout was seared with skin on. The skin was crisp, the fingerling potatoes and haricot verts were perfectly cooked, and the fish was flaky and moist. The cassoulet, with each savory bite, felt incredibly homey and tasted like the ultimate comfort food. The beans in the rich tomato sauce were just so buttery and soft, the lamb was tender, and the duck leg confit tied the entire dish together. The dish was served in a bowl topped with duck fat breadcrumbs. I see what the big deal was now! 

For dessert, we decided to split the Mille feuille and the tarte au citron served with a cassis sorbet. The lemon tart was to die for!! I mean, I appreciate a good Mille feuille - loved the cream, but the tart was the dessert star of the night. 

Our service was outstanding and our server had a wonderful sense of humor. What a wonderful way to spend Saturday night!
All i can say is those mussels are Ah-may-zing!   I wish I could upload the pictures but they came out too dark to be useful damnnnnn it.

Came here for the special priced menu on Sunday for $35.  While not the cheapest meal, compared to the normal a la carte prices - what a steal!  There is also house wine which is very well priced if you want to get some drink on without breaking the bank.

Go check it out!  There is also a courtyard in the back which opens up when the weather is nice so keep that in mind when spring and summer come up!
I found the meal to be wonderful overall. The experience slightly below some other restauarant experiences. 
I had a warning to not order salad and stuck with it. 
The ambianec is charming and warm. We were given a choice of seating with our reservation and decided to go outside in the garden with a wonderful evening. 

There we remained in a quiet area without a lot of noise. I'm sure as it gets later than our reservation it is bustling. The inside definately was. But, being able to be outside and have a nice quiet cozy meal was special. 

The food, we started with an amuse of puff pastry with cheese. A wonderful small bite sized wonder. 
I ordered an onion tart and my wife the signature Mussels. 

I loved the tart, it had complexity of flavors. I only wish more sauce was available. It was a nice addition of a tart note to the rest. 
I tasted the creamy sauce for my wifes dish and it was heavenly as well.

For dinner, we ordered Rabbit and a Short Rib special with jumbo snails. You have to order something with snails at a French restaurant. 
I had the rabbit and it came with pasta. It was tastey. I wished for more sauce as teh rabbit was dry on its own. Maybe I should have sliced it up and into the pasta? I also thought it needed some texture. 

My wife had the short ribs. It was exactly what one would expect. We both had the snails and noticed a slightly smokey/burned taste as the result of grilling. It was a first for us and we would order snails again in the future. 

We ended with two different tart desserts. I had an apple tart with caramel ice cream. My wife a lemon tart with a berry ice cream. 
Neither was overly sweet. My ice cream melted quickly and basically became a sauce for the tart. 
A chocolate ganache bon bon was the final course and was on the house. 

The pleasant reward for the evening was the price. It was not over the top. This alone makes it a place you would welcome returning to.
I absolutely love this place. I've been here a few times and every single time i've been very pleased. the service is very attentive, the food is delicious, and if you're available in the summer, try out the movie and dinner out in the back patio.

Honestly all the food is good, but a few standouts:
- Œuf du Pêcheur - a generous portion of mussels in a lovely, balanced creamy and acidic sauce.
- Mille Feuille aux Framboises - crispy, light puff pastry filled with raspberries and cream. 

Definitely one of my favorite spots in Philly!
I feel truly honored that I was able to eat at Bistrot La Minette in the dining salon. I had just been hired to work at a nonprofit in town. Their Christmas party was the next day, and they kindly invited me along. We sat at a long table in a private room. I knew no one, and was trying to make small talk with the people that would soon be my co-workers. That was easy to do with the succulent and fabulous food that was constantly coming out from the kitchen and put in front of us. 

First- the bread and butter. Do you know how many restaurants screw this one up? The bread at La Minette was some of the best table bread I have ever had, period. Let me preface this by saying I had no idea this was going to be a three course meal, so I ate the first courses as if they would be my last, which was a mistake. I was so painstakingly full by the end of it!

First there were cheese puffs and marinated mushrooms, served with toothpicks. Then were was a divine carrot salad enhanced with citrus, beet salad and a ham and cheese quiche. Seems like lunch, no? Little did I know it would be followed by a scalloped potato tart, perfectly sauteed string beans, and roasted chicken that fell from the bone. Dessert was chocolate cake with strawberry sorbert- my mouth is watering at the thought of it. 

Everything. Was. Delicious. 

I hope and pray I have the opportunity to eat at Bistrot La Minette again!
One of the best restaurants I've gone to in Philadelphia in such a long time!! I loved it.

Romantic, cute, savory and sweet.

We had the escargot, beef tartar, lamb shank and the daily special which was New York strip topped w shaved truffle with small potatoes over a bed of spinach. All accompanied with house made baguette which was the best bread ur ever going to get!
 
We finished our date w sharing the creme brûlée and house compliment salted chocolate caramels. 

Mouth wateringly freaking amazing, great service and lovely ambience. 5 *****
Unfortunately, I did not enjoy my experience here too much, but maybe it's because I did not order the right dishes. The presentations for everything was great, but the taste was subpar. 

For appetizers, my friend got the Escargots à la Bourguignonne (snails with garlic butter) and I got the Terrine de Foie Gras (foie gras with crème fraiche and cherry port sauce). The portion of foie gras was generous, but way too greasy for me. I did not enjoy the texture either. I also tried my friend's dish, but cannot taste anything but salts in the escargot. 

For the main course, I was not too impressed by the duck confit. I usually enjoy dishes with a hint of sweetness from cooked fruits, but the sauce for this dish is way too sweet for me. There might be too much honey. My friend had the lamb shank and she liked it. 

For desserts, I got the Mille Feuille (caramelized puff pastry with vanilla cream) and my friend. The dessert was probably the best course throughout this meal, but definitely not the best ones I've had. It's good that the cream was light, but I was hoping the pastry could be light as well, after everything so greasy. My friend got the chocolate mousse, which she did not enjoy at all. I tried to finish the dessert for her, but it was way too sweet and rich. Following all the greasiness from the first two courses, this dessert just made everything else worse. 

Despite the disappointing food, I actually enjoyed the ambiance a lot. The restaurant has very cute French-style decorations, and the lighting is warm and cozy for a late summer night. I just wish the food was as good.
Awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome food.

Front start to finish - wonderful food! Even the butter they give with your bread can be consumed by itself (however I wouldn't recommend it.)

I have been there twice, and I can honestly say I NEED to go at least once a month.

I have sampled from their current Fall 2012 menu - which I presume will be changing in a few weeks for the Winter season.

TIP: Make reservations on OpenTable for points!

Ask for tap water - free (but they also have "speciality" water too).

Wine and Beer selection (by glass and bottle).

Appetizers:
Awesome pizza, fanstastic cheesy, buttery raviolis, great escargot, and fantastic mussels.

Entrees:
I never had quail or rabbit in my life, but if you are interested in trying it, this is the place. The Duck Confit is the BEST I have ever tasted.

Desserts:

I have said this is the "best" ever...but if there is one dish that really calls my name throughout the day, it's their creme brulee. O-M-G.....You MUST order this dish. I could go back every day just to have one. *Dreamy mood*

You will not be disappointed. Join their mailing list too!
Bistrot La Minette was a delight. My friends and I went during restaurant week and it was a great experience.
I ordered the escargot, Cassoulet De Toulouse or Duck leg confit with pork and tomato stew, and the chocolate mousse cake. All were delicious. I enjoyed the escargot and chocolate mousse the most. I haven't had escargot in France but I imagine it would've taste similar to this dish. The servers were pretty knowledgeable and friendly. One of the best experience, so far in Philadelphia. 

The cost was around $35 without tax and tip per person but we ended up getting a bottle a wine too. All in all. It ended being around $60. It was a great experience. I plan to check it out once I saved up some (TT)

Overall: 4 (Rounded)
Food: 4
Service: 4
Price: 3.75
Atmosphere: 4.5
my friends and i came for restaurant week and had such a beautiful experience

we sat outside and the weather was just as perfect as the food!

i started with a kir with violet which was delicious. if you're intrigued definitely try! a kir is a french drink with white wine mixed with a liquer which in this case was the violet. it looked like grey wine almost but was delicious!

i then ordered Œuf du Pêcheur, the duck confit and the Mille Feuille aux Framboises for dessert.

- the Œuf was delicious! the tarragon cream sauce was to die for and there was so much mussels it was all in all such a great bite

- the chef was amazing! i asked him to customize my duck confit with the tagliatelle pasta side instead and he made it such a perfect entree for me. the duck was a little on the salty side but had such a perfect cook

- the mille was perfect. the pastry felt a little bit over baked but all in all the flavors were there 

this place was adorable with such great service i'll definitely be back to try the other dishes!
I needed a place close by that could handle a big group, and Bistrot took great care of us! They have a private 'salon' that can seat 20, but it was booked for our night so they set up a nice spot for us in the main room. 

I was contacted the week leading up by Brad, who turned out to be our waiter for the night, with a limited menu of their most popular dishes so as not to overwhelm the kitchen. Originally they were going to do a price fix for us, and worked to bring the price down a bit from their standard fixed menus, which I really appreciated. We ended up taking it but w/ ala carte prices to give people options.

When we got there Saturday night, the table was set up with little individual menus, and Brad patiently and enthusiastically described, in detail, everything on the menu, several times as we had some late-comers. He and the rest of the floor staff were excellent, and really made the experience great, taking excellent care of everyone at the table despite a busy Saturday night crowd.

The food was excellent; stuffy French food this is not. It was accessible, tasty, and everyone enjoyed what they ordered. The kitchen sent out an amuse for the table; little cheese puffs which were warm and tasty, tho the flavor did remind several of us of cheez-its.

Personally, I got the french gnocchi (for which I feel they should find a french name), and the trout which could have used a bit of something, but was tasty nonetheless. The real wow came with dessert; a bunch of us got the mille feuille, which wasn't much to look at, but incredibly yummy! And, since we were there for hubby's birthday, they brought out a plate of truffles and candied oranges for the table, with a little candle in it of course.
We were lucky enough to score a late reservation for 4 on Valentines day - the staff was very helpful on the phone, called to confirm, super pleasant. The restaurant is adorable, and we at in the back room at one end of a long table - not private, but just one other group further down. It felt quiet and romantic, while the main room bustles more. Our waiter (wish I remember his name) was amazing - very knowledgeable, polite, and full or real suggestions (and not just trying to sell what the kitchen wanted to get rid of) 

Like most french places, my vegetarian choices were pretty limited to cheese-based dishes - but oh how lovely they were. I pillowly gnocchi that disappeared beneath a velvety sauce, a constructed morbier bread pudding with a chilled beat salad, house wine. I would definitely return.
We came here for Sunday brunch after I made a reservation on Opentable.  Here's the thing, I'm one of those people who likes to make reservations to places and show up at an appointed time and get food. Anyway, reservations were easy, I wandered in and was seated right away, even though my dining companions weren't there yet.

We opted to do the fixed price brunch, $25 for an appetizer, entree and dessert (you don't get better than this, besides at Garces Trading Company, that unfortunately, closed).  

We opted for the escargots, charcuterie and cheese plate. I loved it all, I didn't love the Comte that came with the cheese plate, but the other stuff was so delicious that that was easily overlooked.

Next we got the seafood eggs, steak and eggs and omelette.  Let me tell you, the seafood eggs were mine and it was absolutely to die for, at first when they put it down in front of you, you're like what is this, this is a small plate, it won't fill me up, but the richness, with the perfectly poached eggs, amazing.  I would tell you about the steak, but my dining companion finished that so quickly, I couldn't even get a bite.  So, I have a confession to make, I've never had a french omelette before. But let me tell you, I will eat more of them in the future!

Dessert! We got one of each, it was delicious, all of it.
I agree with the 4 & 5 star reviews here so I will not restate the obvious.   What I will say is the Braised Duck is fantastic and the cheese & caulifower side was a delight.

I highly recommend the place and have been back twice.

Oh and I reluctantly tried the house pour pichet (to the rest of us a pitcher of wine) and got the bordeaux blend.  well worth the $22 as opposed to some of the other marked up wines below $50.

You will NOT be disappointed.
I echo all of the praise in the four and 5 start ratings.  
I would simply like to add a note about how dog-friendly they are.  It is so nice to be able to sit outside with your dog away from the sidewalk.
Fabulous fabulous fabulous dinner!  Service was great. Not overbearing but accommodating
The venue is small, quaint, and very european.

The dishes, rank in order from amazing hunks of deliciousness to just plan ole amazing (because nothing here was bad!)

1 .Bouchées à la Reine : Puff pastry with a rich cream sauce of wild mushrooms that was perfectly indulging

2. The half chicken-LOVED the crispy skin, perfectly cooked, and a LARGE portion :)

3. Tartare de Saumon : Salmon tartar, mustard vinaigrette, Puy lentils, crème fraîche, blood orange vinaigrette , unlike anything I've ever tasted, very well balanced with a good kick of citrus

4. Escargot-not the best I've ever had, but very good. It was perfectly garlicky, but I wish it was more rich

5. Cassoulet with duck confit was super heavy...i should have seen it coming but it was really overly rich. a good dish to have if i hadn't ordered appetizers and dessert too... 

6. Mussels: I didn't think they were memorable, but my friend stated they were the "best mussel in his entire life"...

Tip: make a rez! It is small and popular...and no one likes to wait for food!
I was so pleased with this place.  Lovely atmosphere, great service, delicious food.  Not even that pricey if you don't pile on the alcohol, but we did because they had an excellent selection.  I tried French (alcoholic) cider for the first time... dry, wonderful, a far cry from some of the stuff they sell here called "cider."  They have three types of absinthe, some interesting specialty cocktails, and of course a huge wine list.  

As for the food... we started out with the mushroom soup and the fried cheese over green beans and cauliflower with a lemon vinaigrette.  Both were excellent... the mushroom soup is what I imagine when I imagine the ideal mushroom soup.  The fried cheese with the cool, crisp veggies and bite of the vinaigrette was lovely.  For the entree, boyfriend had the rabbit over tagliatelle and I had the ravioli.  Both were wonderful.  Dessert was thin wafers of flaky pastry layered with thick cream and raspberries.  Light and delicious.

We left incredibly satisfied and happy.  It's nice to be impressed.
Bistrot La Minette is one of my favorite spots in the whole city. Delicious, carefully crafted and beautifully presented dishes, lovely warm atmosphere, plus they have a bar. (I love BYOBs as much as the next girl, but sometimes I enjoy a good cocktail before dinner.) My husband and I used to go there a lot before we had kids, but after having kids we've only gone there once or twice.

Well yesterday we decided to go there for an early supper and to take the girls with us. The staff welcomed us, set up two high chairs, and brought us plenty of bread and a quick order of macaroni au gratin for the girls. Then when our entrees came out, one of my girls suddenly vomited up the entire contents of her stomach. I was holding her at the time and it went all over her shirt, my pants, and the floor. It was disgusting and it was everywhere. It was clumpy and gooey and there was spinach in there from lunch... just gross, and it stunk to high heaven. I hustled her off to the bathroom to try to clean her up. Moments later, the manager knocked on the door with a pile of clean towels for me to use. By the time I emerged, the mess at our table was cleaned up. I was mortified so I kept apologizing, but they downplayed it and refused to make a big deal out of it.

After we got home and put the girls to bed, I wrote them an email apologizing again and thanking them for not making us feel worse than we already did. Today I received this email from the owner:

"Please, no apologies necessary. Children get sick. My son has vomited on that very floor two or three times. We hope to see you here soon."

And this email from the general manager:

"I just wanted to reiterate what Peter has already said. And next time you come back please bring the kids. We want families to feel welcome here."

I am so used to getting unfriendly or indifferent service, especially when I have my kids in tow. This was such a refreshing change. So I wanted to publicly recognize this perfect jewel of a restaurant that just got even shinier and lovelier in my eyes.
A must!
went for here for restaurant week date. the restaurant decor seem very cozy and comfy. 
we started out with 2 drinks - Old Fashion and french 75. one was whiskey other one was gin. both good and strong favors. 
Appetizers - Œuf du Pêcheur Fisherman's style poached egg, toast, mussels, tarragon cream - I have to admit this dish is my favorite appetizer course. It all works well. The mussels cook to perfection while the runny poach egg soaks the bread with the tarragon cream. each component balances one another and it was delicious.
 Must get! Escargots à la Bourguignonne Six Burgundy snails, garlic herb butter, croutons - Delicious snails with garlic herbs. After I devour the escargot I used the garlic herb butter sauce and put it on side bread. Delicious...trust me
 Terrine de Foie Gras Vanilla-scented foie gras pâté, red wine-poached pear, walnuts, endive - im not a big fan of Foie Gras but this dish was rich and delicate. Pear help out with the favor. Rillons aux Panais et Poire Pork belly confit, roasted pear and parsnip puree, sherry vinegar jus, watercress 
Pork Belly was out of this world. Tender, moist, delicious pork belly with the smooth puree. I was a big fan of this. entrees & side - Gratin de Pâtes Façon Peggy Macaroni and cheese - cheesy goodness. 
Magret de Canard aux Navets et aux Pommes I really loved this dish. The Duck was cooked perfectly. Wish I could have a whole duck and just eat this all day. Its just that good.
 Lapin Rôti à la Moutarde first time trying rabbit. wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. It was a bit salty but good. 
Taglietelle wish it was buttery and oiled a bit. Dessert - Mille Feuille aux Framboises Delicious and worth getting Gâteau Mousse au Chocolat when you think about this cake. You would think it would be rich and heavy. It was actually very light and smooth.
cute.  cute, cute, cute.
one wintry cold night (did i mention it was snowing??), i came here with a friend.  a charming french bistro with tasty food and good people.  i even liked things i didn't think i would...like sardines!  quail was done well, and so was the monkfish.  
the alsatian pizza is to die for.
you can tell the chef-owner and his wife put their heart and soul into the place, from the warm lighting, open kitchen in the back, cute tables, and friendly folks.
wait.  i think i used the word cute probably one too many times.
I came here with two friends last night for restaurant week. We came to the agreement that none of us would order the same thing so we could try each other's food and sample everything. The food overall was good. It wasn't mind-blowing like I was expecting it to be but it sure isn't a disappointment.

First Course

Escargots à La Bourguignonne - This dish's presentation was cute in that they gave you six individual tiny cups but it wasn't anything spectacular. It was flavorful with the herbs and butter however, the snails themselves felt a little firmer than it should have been (overcooked or not properly defrosted?). Although I thought it was okay, the group thought this was the worst of the three dishes.

Tartare de Bœuf - This dish has raw beef mixed with various ingredients such as capers, chive, and truffles. It felt very light with a refreshing tang from the lemon dijon vinaigrette. Although it wasn't very memorable since the flavor was fairly subtle, it is a safe choice and hard to go wrong. My friends seems unimpressed with it but I liked quite a lot.

Terrine de Foie Gras au Poivre - This was the group favorite. It was very rich with a texture you either love or hate (I loved it). It was served on top bread which felt like it was fried as it was somewhat crunchy yet still easy to slice through with a knife. It also came with a sweet sauce (which I usually don't like) that paired very well with the texture of the foie gras. This is definitely recommended if you want an experience.


Main Course

Lapin Rôti à la Moutarde - This was a rabbit dish. The meat was cooked really well but the key thing that made the dish was the delicious sauce it came with. It also came with some pasta that paired well with it. The others seemed to like it more than I but it might be because I didn't get to eat a whole lot of it.

Daube a la Provençale - These wine braised beef short ribs were very good and went great with the tomatoes. The dish was very rich in flavor and went very nicely with some red wine. However, for such a nice place, this dish just seems too ordinary. You can go to other places to order the same thing. So even though it was great, I would order something else they have that you can't find anywhere else.

Confit de Canard - Let me just say that I am not a fan of duck. There's just this certain taste unique to duck that I just don't like. I can still eat it but if you give me a choice of any other type of meat, I will take the other. That said, this dish was awesome! I don't know how they did it but I didn't taste that ducky taste in the meat. Additionally, the skin was crispy so it crunched with the meat as you ate it. This was definitely (and surprisingly) my favorite dish of the three.


Dessert

Verrine de Myrtille et Citron - If you have a sweet tooth, stay away from this dish. It's not to say that this dish isn't sweet but it was much more tart than sweet. I can't say it was bad but I found the tartness to be a little overpowering and unfortunately we couldn't finish eating this.

Gâteau Mousse au Chocolat - Just a chocolate mousse cake. It isn't anything terribly exciting but I love chocolate so I couldn't go wrong with this. Plus there is some hazelnut inside the cake which was fairly subtle and didn't detract from the chocolateyness (is that a word?) of the cake. It is very rich though so a glass of milk would've been awesome with this.

Mille Feuille aux Framboises - This was definitely the nicest looking dish of the three. It had flaky pastry with some kind of vanilla cream filling with raspberries scattered throughout. The texture of the pastry and cream worked perfectly together and once you swallowed it, you immediately want to take another bite.


As for the rest of the restaurant. The decor was awesome. If felt like a homey French restaurant so you didn't need to dress too fancy for it (although you may feel out of place if you just wore a t-shirt and cargo shorts here). The service could've been better in my opinion. It wasn't as quick as I was expecting it to be and I even had to flag down the waitress a couple times (although the first time was our fault). All in all, I would definitely come back here for a date or even a group of friends as the atmosphere is very inviting to both.
i think of our meal here the other night as one of the best i've had in at least a few weeks, maybe months.

to start, we received a little gift from the chef: a cheese ball, eh, okay. i am impressed that they coaxed some complex flavor out of whatever cheese they used and rendered it ubiquitous in the puffy dough. that must be harder that it looked/tasted. anyway, it was unexpected, but i didn't feel like it changed or enhanced our dinner.

complimentary bread and butter: not much to say here, only that the bread was served warm and the butter soft. surprisingly many restaurants cannot manage to serve bread and butter properly. BLM did, good for them.

starters: The Boy had pea soup, which I did not taste. I'm pretty specific about what color things have to be before I can eat them, and green soup is not on my list of acceptable color/texture combinations. I had the burgundy snails to start, um, gorgeous plate! insanely buttery, salty lead and a healthy trail of herbs per bite and the cutest little disc of CRISPY crouton in EACH container. you can very much see the amount of work put into each bite. additionally, it was served in TINY individual ceramic cups, rather than the kind of ramekin-like dish you normally see with escargot holes. 

main course: the special was a fresh caught halibut. our waiter explained it was only caught the day before, and i made up my mind that i couldn't not try it. i mean, this is probably the closest any of us will get to playing god-- to eat something that was alive only the day before?? sign me up! the halibut was cooked perfectly-- masterfully browned to a crisp on top, and a milky, tender flesh that was piping hot under. there is a difference between blasting a piece of fish on high heat for a short amount of time and letting it rest to near room temperature and cooking some more so as to Not overcook it, and what i got, which was a delicate filet cooked and served at impressively controlled doneness and temperature. The Boy had lamb shank which was just about melt in your mouth. I couldn't stop eating it, was already full, and did not want to offer up bites of my blissful fish for trade... it was rough.

dessert: i will always go for creme brulee as long as it's available, so i forced the chocolate mousse cake on the boy (who didn't want dessert, I KNOW! blasphemy!!). the creme brulee was denser than i am used to, but the amount of sweetness was the perfect complement. As in, the sweetness matched the texture divinely so that the custard was still an absolute delight. The chocolate mousse was well executed, but not remarkable in my biased opinion. My only gripe was with the pistachio ice cream, which tasted to me rather like how some hand lotions smell. I did not care for it though it came at the recommendation of our waiter and I was excited to have it.

speaking of whom, when we asked to have the lamb shank bone wrapped for our dog, he informed us that bones that have been cooked are likely to splinter and cause harm. this is something i did not know about, and i am glad he brought it to our attention and deterred us from making a potentially devastating mistake. kudos to this guy.
If I could this more than 5 stars, I would. The atmosphere and service was great but not as good as the food. We started with the arugula fig salad, mushroom soup and a wild mushroom puff pastry. Then, we got the monkfish medallions, duck three ways and the steak. Probably one of the best steaks we have had. The serving of monkfish was very generous. The mac and cheese is made with unique cheeses and the green beans were excellent as well. Then we got the 11 layer cake, salted Carmel and tarte tatin. SO good and perfect sizes.
One of my favorite cute little French restaurants in Philly! Strongly recommend with friends and definitely get the tasting menu so you can get a great sample of all of their specialties!

Must get: raw salmon salad, burgundy snail, fisherman poached egg with muscle, mustard braised rabbit
Meh: beer braised beef, mocktails, dessert
Missed out: everything else

What can I say aside from the fact that we had the best double date dining at Bistrot. Everything, from the bartender, to the plating to each dish was perfect. I think my favorite was still the raw salmon and poached egg with mussels, as the servings were very reasonable and well seasoned. I was not a big fan of the beef, as the broth was overwhelming and robbed the meat of its inherent texture and flavor. 

Food: 5 stars
Service: 4 stars
Price: 4-5 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
I've had Bistrot La Minette on my radar for a long time thanks to the excellent review by Abby W.  I just needed to grab a friend (figuratively, not literally, I don't do that anymore without permission), make a res on open table and trek on down to the city through the Friday night rush hour traffic.  I love this city, and this adorable, authentic french bistro just a block below South St is another reason why
  
Service: We were welcomed by a delightful, pleasant and professional hostess and promptly taken to our table.  Our server, Richard, was as good as it gets.  He appeared out of nowhere when you were ready for anything, you didn't have to have a thought in your head for more than a couple seconds before he read your mind and was at your table side.

Drinks: Exceptional drinks from their cocktail list started off a wonderful evening.  The 2 page wine list was perfect, and easy to find something to enjoy.

Apps: Yes, the escargot, a must.  9 tender escargot with little croutons atop, individually resting in their own little crock in mild garlic butter.  The  Bouchée à la Reine with a selection of wild mushrooms and fava beans in a crispy, light puff pastry, presented soooo well was excellent in flavors as well.

Entrees: My red wine-braised pork cheeks, (with bacon lardons, crimini mushrooms, and roasted root vegetables) were tender as they can be, rich and decadent, and an absolute delight to savor and enjoy.  The special of the day, a duck cassoulet, and I had a lot of this, was pure divine comfort food, with an interesting mix of textures and spices.  I loved both.

The portions were not small as one would expect from the French, add in the little bucket of french bread to start with salt topped butter, and there was hardly room for dessert.  So a little triad of sorbets hit the spot.

Someone here mentioned Bibou and Bistro La Minette being the only authentic French cuisine In Philadedlphia.  I've been to both, loved both, 5 stars for both.   But Bistrot La Minette with it's own unique charm, this cozy and comfortable, unpretentious French bistro is more my style.
What a cute & cozy place to hang out for happy hour! When I heard Bistrot La Minette was starting happy hour specials, I couldn't wait to check it out. The specials are available at the bar or outside area.  My friend & I sat at the (tiny) bar. At our 5:45pm arrival time, the outside area was already full. The happy hour wine was $3, Kirs are $4 and beer is $2.  All appetizers are half price and HH goes till 7pm. You also get some complimentary warm baguette slices & butter. 

I went with the wild mushroom puff pastry which was delicious. The escargots were tasty and presented in cute little individual pots with a crouton on top, but it was hard to get them out of the little pot without the crouton falling off.  No big deal, more of a mild annoyance. Service was great and we were asked in what order we wanted our food to come out...even though we were just having happy hour snacks at the bar (classy!).

Our bill was less than $50 and that got us 6 glasses of wine and 4 appetizers total. I'll be returning for happy hour and will absolutely be back to check out dinner.
Exquisite.  Food, atmosphere and staff were top notch.

We rang late with a reservation for 7, still managed to fit us in.  A good wine list, and the caraffes of house wine are excellent value if you don't want to go overboard.  A lot of the non-BYOB Philly restaurants could learn a thing or two from Bistrot La Minette on this front.

The food was outstanding.  I had the grilled Sardines to start and then the Lamb stew for main.  The lamb blew any other Lamb I've had out of the water, so tender but so much flavour packed in.  Other friends had snails, which were done well.  One friend had the Filet special, which whilst by far the most expensive thing on the menu, he still claims it is the best value steak he has had in the city.

Sure, the food isn't cheap but at this quality level, it never will be.  I can't recommend this place enough.  I'm sure I'll be back soon, especially as the outdoor seating is apparently now open.
Second time here and had a wonderful experience again! Restaurant week is sooo worth it. $35 for 3 courses. The set menu is amazing and the staff are friendly.

For starters, the fioe gras and escargot is a must! The steak tartare is good too. (Almost) Everyone in my party ordered the duck leg for entrees and that was delicious.

Lastly, dessert - pot de creme is good but a little too sweet for me. Another dessert I think puff pastry? That's really good but the name doesn't fit what it really is in my opinion lol. It's more like a napoleon then puff..
Went here last night for their anniversary celebration. The food here is quite wonderful! The staff was also very attentive and friendly. Definitely a nice addition to the city. I hope they have many more anniv to come!
I really liked this place.  Wish they had one in NYC area.

Reasonably priced French bistro food.  Not at all stuffy but served by the polite, knowledgeable, serious souls you'd find in fine dining. The servers seemed to really be proud of the food.  Very good sign.

What to try:
- Foie gras - Super smooth and the hazelnut and fig sauces it came with really set it off against the paper thin brioche slices
- Cassoulet - Delicious.  Crispy duck skin, buttery soft beans and chunks of lamb.  Perfect for a winter night.
- Beef cheeks - Normally I don't fall for the restaurant trick of serving cheap cuts for above-average prices.  But I had a good feeling about this place and my gamble paid off.  The beef cheeks were actually the size of tiny tenderloins but richer.  The dish came with soft pillows of French gnocchi.  I don't know the difference between French and Italian gnocchi but these were larger than Italian gnocchi but just as light.  Best part of the dish was the sauce pooled at the bottom.  Unbelievably delicious with the wine and richness of the beef cheeks. Worth ordering this dish just for that sauce.

More details:
- They make their own bread.  Crusty baguettes that come out every 15 minutes and sliced in the dining area.  Served with perfectly salted, room temp butter. SOOOO GOOOOOD.
- Great at details:  Amuse bouche of tiny gourgere will with some really good cheese.  Ended the meal with homemade chocolates. Makes you feel welcome from beginning to end.
- We came at a night where they were having a 4-course dinner to celebrate the Anjou wine region.  It was an absolute steal at $50 with wine pairings.  But the regular menu looked so good that we had to try it.  I can only assume it was popular since the place was packed by 7pm on a Wednesday night.

My only complaint?  Cheese plate was good and they had a nice selection.  I just wish it came with jam/jelly/sweet paste instead of butter lettuce. It was good but not what I wanted for an after-dinner cheese plate.

p.s. The place is quite charming.  Feels like it belongs in a town outside of Paris - not overly done.  Cozy but not so small that its impossible to get a table.  Lighting is not bright but brighter than candle light so you can see their food.  Bathroom has the neatest vanity - looks like an enormous vanity but with double sinks. No paper towels - washcloths to dry your precious little hands.  Very romantic.
Delicious straight forward food - charming restaurant and service.

This is going to be a very dry review. Simply put, we just had a great time with delicious food and great service. Very nice bistro, not over decorated, it just doesn't feel fake.

With only half the restaurant filled on a Wednesday night, two friends and I had ample space and time without being pushed or being squeezed. 

We had grilled sardines with red pepper (delicious) and flammkuchen (Alsace flatbread, little drier than it's original siblings, but very tasty). Entrees sampled were leg of lamb, duck breast and the entrecote. All meat was done perfectly, the sides were awesome (the gratin rivals Nan), dishes are prepared not too heavy. We shared ice cream and sorbets for dessert, which is too sweet for me, but the flavors were greattt (rhubarb, caramel, cassis). 

The wine and menu selection is just the right balance and size to fulfill all desires and not let you be overwhelmed. Actually the homemade chocolate that came with the bill was fantastic and their espresso was very good, too.

I put down four stars in the beginning, just changed to 5 now after I can not find anything in my memory worth downgrading a star. Bottomline, if I have to choose between Bistrot La Minette and Parc, where food, service and ambience are totally overrated (loud, cramped, attitude, rush), I don't even have to blink.

They offer french movie nights on Mondays during August and family style french dining for 4-20 people for $45 to $65 per person. We will try that soon. 

Disclaimer: This is not eclectic french 9 course five star dining, it is a bistro!!
YAY, I AM A FAN!

Bistrot La Minette is D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S. My new husband and I went last night for Restaurant Week based solely on reviews (and availability, thank goodness). When we pulled up, I thought, "Oh, it's one of these places." Right off South Street, I had driven and walked past Bistrot La Minette and Beau Monde et al, but for some reason, they never appealed to me. Well, I was wrong. The ambiance is so cute--warm, friendly, but romantic, too, without being stuffy. I think Yelp says the attire is "casual," which I think it is, but you can dress up if you want for sure.

The menu for Restaurant Week is very similar to their regular menu. I know this because I asked the waitress for the regular menu after the main course because I thought, "This is one of those restaurants you bring out-of-town guests to." I was so pleased to see mains in the 20 dollar range and appetizers around $12. What an excellent price point for such deliciousness. This place is what Restaurant Week was designed for--try something you wouldn't normally try and then become ardent followers.

We shared everything, so we had two appetizers, two mains, and two desserts. The fisherman's poached egg appetizer (has a much cooler French name this Spanish speaker cannot come close to type nevermind pronounce) was very tasty. We also shared the escargot. Their escargot is the real deal and tasty, so if you've had some lame escargot in the past (looking at you Bistro St. Tropez), don't let that keep you from the snails here.

Our mains were so tender and rich. We shared the rabbit and the duck. I thought Ms. Potter was going to whack me on the head with a children's book, but they were so great. The duck, in particular, with its wine reduction was out of control good.

The chocolate mousse dessert/cake was soft and rich, but not that kind of lock-jaw-rich, so, unfortunately, we ate the whole thing! We also shared some yummy dessert course cheese. Every plate was licked clean.

Definitely going back and bringing friends and family. Yay! Also going to try brunch.
Good ambience, good food, good portions. I came with my boyfriend for restaurant week and we both enjoyed our experience a lot. 

When they seat you they start you off with an amuse bouche which in this case is a tiny bread puff that tastes like a fancy cheez it. This was a good start to the night. 

We ordered (1 appetizer, 1 entree, 1 dessert each makes up the restaurant week menu) Both entrees had extremely generous portion sizes! 

+ beef tartare (comes with a side of mustard sauce that pairs well)
+ escargot 

+ duck confit 
+ lamb shank (really tender and delicious)

+ chocolate mousse 
+ peach cake 

This was my second time here, and I'd definitely come back for a third!
Came here for Restaurant Week in Center City. They were offering a three course, prix fixe menu for $35 which included many items that are on the regular menu so I thought this would be a good opportunity to sample different thing son the menu. 

Lighting in this restaurant is very dim so pictures didn't come out great. Atmosphere was great, though. Between my roommate and I, we had seven courses, which included a supplemental side dish.

The meal began with a side house-made bread and butter, both which were great. We also had gougères sent out by the kitchen which was a nice touch but were nothing too special. 

Œuf du Pêcheur - Fisherman's style poached egg, toast, mussels, tarragon cream: arguably the best dish of the night. Tasting the mussel alone with tarragon cream was great but after breaking up the perfectly cooked poached egg and mixing everything together, we were both very impressed. 5/5

Escargots à La Bourguignonne - Burgundy snails, garlic herb butter, croutons: I had high expectations for this dish and while it was good, it fell a little short. When I think of eatinting escargots, I think of eating them packed in a shell with a ton of herbs. Here, six (as opposed to the nine normally given) serve it in a little, individual quarter-sized bowl with a ton of butter/oil with very little herb and garlic. The crouton on top of the bowl was a nice touch.  4/5

Truite Meunière - Miller-style trout, green beans, fingerling potatoes, lemon brown  butter, almonds: the weakest dish of the night. The trout was a little thin and was over-cooked as well. Texturally, it was too dry and lacked the creamy, flaky body that I'm used to. The fingerling potatoes were a nice addition and were on point. The lemon brown butter was good but may have been overly acidic which was fatiguing on the palette. 3/5

Confit de Canard Sauce Foie Gras - Duck confit, celeriac, carrots, black currants, foie gras sauce, red wine reduction: The duck confit was cooked very well with a crispy skin, though I would have preferred it a little crispier. Flavors were on point and the sweetness from the currants as well as the carrots mingled favorably with the savoriness of the duck. Unfortunately, I didn't get any foie gras flavor from the sauce whatsoever, which was disappointing to say the least. 3.5/5

Gratin de Pâtes Façon - Peggy Macaroni and cheese: The mac and cheese came out piping hot with a crispy exterior. It was exactly what I expected; creamy, luscious, and savory. 4/5

Mille Feuille aux Framboises - Caramelized puff pastry, vanilla pastry cream, raspberries: A must get! Everything was on point on this dish. Textural play between the pastry and cream was perfect. The raspberries added a slightly-sour touch to the dish which made it perfect. 5/5

Glaces et Sorbets - Daily selection of house-made ice creams and sorbets: I got the sorbet and I made a terrible mistake. Should have stuck to a more traditional french dessert as the three scoops I got were nothing to write home about. I'll leave it at that. 2/5

All in all, there is decent value to be had during Restaurant Week (despite some dishes being a little smaller than usual). Our meal totaled $100 for the both of us after tax and tip and most likely would have been around $120-$130 had it not been for the prix fixe menu. I would most definitely come here again!
I'd have to echo all the praises sung of La Minette. Contrary to Parc, feels as though you're on a stage set, La Minette "is" what it makes itself out to be - a cozy, not overly pretentious, full of deliciousness French Bistro. The maitre d' greets you, friendly and accomodating. The wait staff, knowledgeable without being aloof. The Prix Fix menu can be ordered w/ or w/o wine, which makes it affordable if you don't want to spend more than $30/person. I had lamb stew with the lamb dripping off the bone as though it had been stewed for days, in a tomato and bean soup, and the portions surprisingly hearty; there was little room for desert. I did try someone else's Creme Brulee....it is worth getting here - the best I've had in a long time. Oh and I have to mention that the sinks in the bathrooms are my favorite - the water comes out in a ribbon; it feels so luxurious; you'll have to try it out to know what I'm saying. La Minette succeeds in paying attention to the subtle details. This is a great place to while away the hours with a loved one or group of friends or family.
We were so disappointed in our experience here after meaning to dine here for such a long time and finally venturing down there.  We attended the Beaujolais Nouveau wine dinner - a prix fixe with wine pairing.  It was the service that really ruined the evening for us.  Our server was never around for us or for his other two tables, and when we flagged him down, we had to ask him for the wine pairings that came with the courses that other servers or runners had brought us.  By the end of the meal, after he had dropped our check, he completely disappeared.  We sat, chatted and finished our wine for about 15 minutes, and he never returned.  I don't know what Peter Woolsey looks like, but an authoritative-looking guy from the kitchen in a chef's jacket was bantering with the bartender, so there was no hope of getting anyone's attention over there, and we eventually were able to flag down another server to pay our bill.  We literally never saw our own server for the last 20 minutes that we were at dinner, and he couldn't have gone home without closing out his final table, so who knows what he was doing.

Courses consisted of a French onion soup, pike with crayfish and mushrooms, veal and cream stew and a caramel walnut tart.  The elegant veal and cream stew saved this from being a one-star review; neither I nor my dining partner are dessert people, but we both loved the tart with homemade-tasting vanilla bean ice cream, but it was a lot of money to spend ($75/person) for such terrible service.  We may or may not be back - it could have been an off night, but we were really left wondering what all the hype was about.  We wished we had gone for a nice dinner elsewhere - there are so many other great choices in Philadelphia that most places can't afford to exasperate their clientele, but maybe Bistrot La Minette is just so popular that it can.
We googled the best desserts in Philly and stumbled upon this little gem in South Philadelphia. We sat outside since it was a beautiful spring night, although we did peak inside and it was so charming. It had that quaint Paris bistro feeling with the dim lighting and French old world charm.

We ordered three desserts and two glasses of wine. 

We had the mille feuille aux framboises, which was recommended by the waiter. It was delicious, the cream inside was fluffy and light, complemented by the crispy puff pastry in the composition of a Napolean - would definitely recommend.

Next we had the chocolate cake which was deep rich and smooth. With homemade vanilla ice cream is always a classic. 

We also ordered the Tarte Au Citron - which we both didn't love. It was good but it was a very heavy lemon think creamy filling. The cassis ice cream was done well but it just didn't have the same flavor and appeal as the strawberry mille. 

Overall, would recommend for a nice French meal. Will go back and do dinner for sure.
What a precious little restaurant.  My babe took me here for my birthday dinner and I could not have been happier and more pleased.  I had been wanting to go there for the Wednesday night movie specials but experiencing a whole meal was much better.

I fell in love initially when Edith Piaf was playing over the speakers.  Not that I was ever in Paris in the 1940's, but Bistrot La Minette definitely brings you back to another time.  We were greeted by a great waiter and he gave us his drink and food recommendations.  We started with out classic martinis but the man then ordered a Sazerac which he said was delicious and I tried the special Malbec.  We ordered the mussels and the tomato salad for appetizers.  The mussels were literally the best I have ever eaten...yes they were heavy with the tarragon cream sauce and the poached egg, but it is something everyone should try once.  The table next to us was a younger couple in flops and hollister who clearly did not appreciate the execution of the dish and I really wish I could have given them the boot to Chicky and Pete's (excuse my brattiness)  Anyway, for the entrees I tried the halibut and he got the pork chop.  While we thought the appetizers could not be matched, the actual meal was just perfect.  The halibut was crusted with herbs and spices and literally fell apart with my fork.  I do not eat pigs, but he devoured the pork chop like a caveman..they even gave him a special knife.  Along with the meal, the bake their own fresh bread which we easily went through two baskets.  I started feeling so heavy but was on a roll.  Now we never ever get dessert but it was my birthday and he wanted to try the Absinthe, which was served so fabulously so I ordered the rice pudding, which was light and had a citrus taste.  The fresh fruit was just amazing.

I felt compelled to detail our entire evening there, but it was just the best.  The staff, ambiance, music, drinks and food were perfect and we are going back to see Amiele for the Wednesday night movie.  This is a great place to go with your love or anytime.  mmm.
A new Philly favorite! I came for restaurant week and got the snails as an appetizer, trout as the main meal, and creme brûlée for dessert. Everything was A+ particularly the trout. The restaurant is quiet and spacious, with the tables well spaced out. Location wise, it's far enough off of South Street for it to be quiet and removed from the usual South Street shenanigans.

Great food from a low key and unpretentious restaurant.
We were greeted upon arrival. The restaurant was empty with the exception of a private party in the next room. We were sat in the center of the restaurant and I could see that if this restaurant was full, that the seating would be so close to other tables, I would be forced to hear and smell the next table. They even had to move the table out and to the side for my friend to get in, she's on the petite side. I've been to many restaurants like this in the past, so I don't know why I was surprised. All that being said, I thought that the service was very good. The timeliness of food was very good as well, as I did not feel rushed nor did I feel like it was moving too slow.  The appetizers were the quail and the escargot, both were very good, I would recommend both. For entrees the lamb shank and the beef bourguignon. The lamb was ok, but not great, I guess you could say it was average. The beef was extremely salty and inedible, I wanted to send it back, but my friend told me not to. The server asked if we wanted it boxed up to go, but we politely said no thank you and left it at that. I personally think the chef would have like to know, as it was more than likely a mistake. we then had dessert, If you're in the mood for a heavier chocolate the mousse cake was perfect, served with coffee ice cream, which tasted like it was made in house, definite plus. If you want light and simple go with the raspberry and cream layered cake (sorry I don't know the exact name/description), both excellent though! My drink with dinner was sparkling lemonade which was very sour, but tolerable. With dessert I had an espresso which was of very good quality. Overall, I would have to say that this was more of a fail than success, as there are times that I go out and only have 1 course, not 3. Had this been true tonight, my night would have been ruined. The stars I give are for the great service, sorry chef :-(
I will start saying that the food and ambiance were really good.  The flavors and the quality and flavors of their food were superb,the kitchen service took care of every little detail and presentation/ambiance truly make you feel you we're having a special dinning experience.
My biggest complaint is front of the house, especially the lady that was working on the 24th and 25th of September.  I had made a reservation for 3 people when Center City Restaurant started for Saturday night.  I called on Friday asking if they could accommodate one more, the lady was rude and rushed me off the phone saying they couldn't.  I called again on Saturday and pleaded to add the extra person and tried to reason that the table for 3 most likely could fit 4.  Once again she was extremely rude and said no.  So my friend cancelled since we couldn't make it to 4.  To my dismay and extreme frustration, not only the table could have accommodated 4 like I thought but the amount of available and empty tables were just too painful to watch.  Knowing that after covid restaurants are trying to come back, can't understand why she would turn that extra person down to just have empty tables, and kind of running what would have been a fun night with friends.  I strongly encourage the restaurant to better coached that lady since it is a pity that she does not embrace the hard work the rest of the crew is doing and special place the bistro can be.
Came here for restaurant week and I was very impressed by the quality of the food and attentive service. 

My friend and I got the mussels and foie gras as appetizers. The mussels and egg felt like a take on eggs benedict and the sauce was delicious. The foie gras was buttery smooth and came with a portion size that was large enough to split.

For entrees, we got the duck confit and lamb shank. The duck was well cooked and juicy but the star of the night was definitely the lamb. The lamb was a huge portion (enough for 2 on its own!), tender and falling off the bone.

After a satisfying two courses, we ended with the mille and chocolate mousse, which were both delicious and surprisingly a nice and light end to the meal. 

I will definitely be back here to dine again, one of my new favorites in the area!
Might be the best state-side dinner I've had since Inn at Little Washington.  Terrific garlicky escargots; fabulous Green salad; beautifully done trout with the most perfect green beans ever; bœuf brisket so tender you wanted to cry; incredible desserts including the mousse au chocolate to die for.  Service was seamless: Absolutely attentive but never intrusive.  Lovely environment but rather high noise levels.
Was able to snag a seat here on a busy Saturday night. Quickly looked over the menu and saw they had duck. Safe to say I was sold with that and also order myself Pissaladière flatbread. Heavy tomato flavor with just a slight salt taste coming from the boquerones, if you like tomato pie pizza you will like this dish. Then ordered myself a rosé and then the duck came. Cooked medium and seasoned to perfection. If you like duck you will like the "Magret de Canard au Miel de Lavande". Great experience and if I am in the area again I will stop by if not for the food then for the wine!
I almost thought I was in France at Bistrot La Minette! This is a truly authentic French bistro located just a few steps off of South Street. Enjoyed the prix fixe beaujolais nouveau dinner, which was a bargain at $45 per person including a bottle of wine for two!  The meal and wine were both delicious! Will be back to sample more of the menu. Highly recommend!
My mom was coming into town and she requested a French restaurant, as she had never been to a French dining establishment.  I choose Bistrot La Minette as I had seen its Philly Mag award for Best Outdoor Dining and I knew it was going to be a nice weekend. 

Originally, I requested outdoor seating, but it ended up being chillier than we anticipated, so they accommodated us by moving inside.  On a warmer evening, it would have been lovely to sit in the courtyard.

Food was fantastic, if you love French food.  The muscles and egg dish was savory and I loved the pickles and spicy Dijon mustard that came with the chicken liver and pork terrine.  The Alsatian "pizza" was just okay. 

The entrees were classic French dishes.  I got the Trout Mueniere, which was light and lemony.  My boyfriend got the Tourbot and my mom, the chicken, two of the safer dishes on the menu.

If I had to sum it up in one word, I would say Authentic.  It felt like I was back in Paris.  If you are a foodie and love French cuisine I would highly recommend it.  My mom and boyfriend who aren't as adventurous with food, could have done without.
I had planned on going to Beau Monde (across the street from Bistrot) for a first date but it was a Monday and to my embarrassment it was closed. Thankfully Bistrot La Minette, with its recently completed outdoor seating area, was there to save the day.  

If you're looking for authentic French food served in a cozy bistro setting without all the pretentiousness this is the place for you. 

We were greeted at the door and quickly shown to our choice of outdoor seating. Fresh bread arrived shortly accompanied by deliciously creamy butter lightly topped with sea salt. A salmon spread amuse bouche on toast came out next. It was very pleasant and light. We shared a puff pastry wild mushroom appetizer, which was flaky savory and delicious, followed by entrees of vegetarian dumplings and duck breast with white asparagus and lentils. The duck was perfectly cooked and tender; the dumplings melted in your mouth. For dessert we split the homemade ice cream and sorbet (you get your choice of 3 that change daily). The caramel ice cream was rich but not to sweet. The sorbets were on the tart side - just the way i like them. 

Although Bistrot is certainly not the cheapest place in town and the portions are not huge the quality and attention to detail justify the price. If you're looking for a cheaper option try the prix fixe lunch for $14. 

The only thing that others might take issue with is the fact that our server was fairly clueless with her mastery of French. That said, she knew the menu inside and out and competently answered all the questions we had.
Excellent classic French. Superb service. Incredible mushroom soup. Try it now.
we had a mishap occur with a coat rack falling on our table and thusly breaking a wine glass and spraying red wine on some of us, but nevertheless i am giving this place 5 stars for the great food and the service which was exceptional (despite the coat rack). it's saying a lot of me to forgive the fact that one of our party's shirt was stained from the wine and we had to get all new appetizers because ours was filled with broken glass. but our waiter, kane, was very knowledgeable and friendly. the other waitstaff were very courteous. they gave us free wine for the mishap. and all in all it was a pleasant experience. i would return.
