What an interesting little place! I first fell in love when my family brought me tofu summer rolls from here. They were the best I've EVER had! They were super fresh and totally packed. They had nice big chunks of seasoned tofu. 

Came back for a meal with the crew and was even further impressed....

They specialize in both Viet fare, as well as really fresh seafood here. The fam loved the snow crab leg boil bags priced competitively for the market. These bags are also offered in clams, crawfish, shrimp or lobster tails. A la carte by the pound or in combos, which seem like a fun option with larger crowd. Cajun or garlic butter sauce to top. Garlic butter was the way the crew went, and absolutely loved! 

The wings, which were a huge hit with hubs are offered in a variety of flavors...salt and pepper, Thai chili and spicy curry lemongrass. The curry were said to be well flavored, crispy and very good! 

Our crew indulged in a roll sampler also. If you're going to order the lobster rolls, which were filled with hunks if lobster meat, you may as well spend a few bucks more and get the sampler which included shrimp, tofu and spring rolls also. This plate is a great starter and sure to be a crowd pleaser. The huge rolls were accompanied by a dip trio. Hard to choose a favorite, they were all so tasty! 

The sweet potato fries seem like an odd side dish for the cuisine, but they were so fantastic!! Up there with my all time favorites in Philly. Yum! 

The crew downed the fried cheesecake in seconds and wanted more. Definitely grab a slice even if it's just to-go. 

Service was great.
Parking right out front was simple. 
Super casual joint, and it's BYO! 

Would love to return with the entire fam. Everything was so delicious! Can't wait to try more! 

5 star food -1 for ambiance....or lack thereof.
If I had to eat at one restaurant for the rest of my life it would be here at Bistro South East. 

Okay maybe not eat inside the actual restaurant but I'd order takeout from here everyday for the rest of my life if I had a sugar-mama to bankroll me. The inside of the restaurant is on the small side and the interior is not super warm or welcoming. 

But I didn't come here to enjoy the ambiance. I came to eat delicious Asian food and crush vast amounts of seafood. 

My favorite item on the menu is the Bistro Southeast Salad with shrimp. Generally salads are something I force down because my doctor told me to do so. Here it is a menu item I truly enjoy. The salad has lots of random things like carrots and cucumbers that are dressed in some sort of Asian vinegar dressing that makes me feel healthy as a dew drop. 

I love the crab fried rice. They don't skimp on the crab, they even top it off with a soft shelled crab. Not too greasy. Not too salty. Perfectly peppered with seasoning. 

I got the seafood boil the first time I came here. I know it is a "seafood" boil but I could not get enough of the sausages! Next time i go for a seafood boil I'll probably order ten extra sausages. 

Generally I stick to the less messy menu offerings. Especially when ordering takeout.

The food here is hands down the best food in grad hospital. But I will keep trying other restaurants in hopes of finding a new champion in the neighborhood.
Overall, very happy with the sizeable portions, reasonable pricing, and interesting tastes.

Started off with the shrimp summer rolls - these were your typical vietnamese rolls, with rice paper wrapping around carrots, cabbage, noodles and shrimp. Good taste with the peanut sauce (they also provide a honey vinaigrette which tasted pretty good). One order is also enough for 4 people!

Next were the thai sweet chili wings and spicy curry wings. These were a hit with our table, and definitely something we would order again the next time we come! The chili sauce and curry mayo tasted awesome, and the chicken itself was fried perfectly while keeping the meat tender

The lemongrass pork belly banh mi is also a must-order. One sandwich is enough for two people. The pork comes in thin slices (like bacon), and is rich with the lemongrass flavor. 

We decided to try both the crab fried rice and lobster fried rice. Each one comes with plenty of the respective seafood meat cooked within the rice, as well as a fried soft shell crab and lobster tail, respectively, on top. 
My only complaint is that the lobster tail was probably overcooked and too tough.

For dessert, we decided to forego that fried cheesecake and tried an interesting dish where sweet bananas were wrapped in spring roll dough, and then fried and paired with ice cream. Nothing mindblowing, but fun to eat and a nice way to end the meal!
We had a hankering for Vietnamese, specifically for some Banh Mi's. I remembered I had bookmarked Bistro Southeast sometime ago, so we popped right in to place a take out order.  The service and efficiency of our order was great.  Note: They are not currently allowing indoor dining,

I ordered the Curry Tofu Banh Mi and my husband got the Vietnamese BBQ Pork Banh Mi.  The bread was basic and the pickled carrots could certainly use more pickling but overall I really enjoyed my Tofu Banh Mi. 

I also got an order of Summer Rolls.  These were great with a generous portion of fillings rolled up within the thin rice paper.  The accompanying dipping sauces of honey cilantro vinaigrette and house made hoisin sauce were tasty and flavorful.
I can't believe it took me so long to find this gem of a restaurant! I've been three times now and anticipate many more visits in the future. Make sure you take advantage of the 10% discount for checking in on Yelp. 

I highly recommend the bistro southeast salad with shrimp! I ordered it after reading some reviews and now I understand the hype. I honestly could eat this everyday. It's my personal policy to never order salads at restaurants because it's never worth it, but this is the one exception. The honey cilantro vinaigrette works perfectly and the shrimp are flavorful and plentiful. 

I've tried the noodle bowl with lemongrass pork belly and BBQ pork, both are good but I favor the BBQ pork. The crab fried rice also comes with a whole soft shell crab and generous portions of crab meat throughout. 

The seafood combos are also special and make for a unique experience! I tried combo 2 and loved the casian seasoning and the corn, potatoes and sausage were delicious. Be prepared to get your hands dirty but don't worry, they provide you with wipes. 

This is my new go-to in the neighborhood. I love that I can count on a delicious, satisfying meal anytime.
After viewing Midtown Lunch's vision of a pork belly sandwich, I knew I had to stop by Bistro Southeast's newly opened shop in the Graduate Hospital area, south of Rittenhouse. Their mission is to showcase the melange of Southeast Asian and Cajun "Casian" flavors, while highlighting quality seafood as well.
 
Full transparency for their seafood MP is appreciated, with offerings ranging from Alaskan snow crab and king crab to crawfish. There's plenty of seating for the lunchtime crowd, with a clean and casual design.

Korean BBQ Ribeye Buns [$8.95]
Steamed mantou bun

A hefty portion of tender ribeye was marinated with the prototypical Korean flavors of fruit and soy. Balanced by pickled carrots, the freshness of the lettuce and the the texture of sesame seeds against the sweet pillowy Chinese buns made for a nice bite.

Soft Shell Crab Bun [$9.95]
Steamed mantou bun

The soft shell crab buns were stellar, with a whole crab halved between the two buns. The fry rendered the crab perfectly crispy and not at all greasy, with the meatiness of the sweet crustacean coming through. Great textural bite with this one, with the crisp and lightly pickled cucumbers really providing a countervailing element to the crab!

Po' Boy Fish Sandwich [$8.95]
Toasted french baguette, pickled carrots, cucumber, cilantro 

The fried fish po' boy featured crisply fried and moist fish. This was housed within a wonderfully toasted and fresh french baguette. The crunch of the pickled carrots and cucumbers added a nice bahn mi element to each bite, along with the herbaceouness of the cilantro.

Lemongrass Pork Belly Sandwich [$7.95] [$6.95]
Toasted french baguette, pickled carrots, cucumber, cilantro

But I was here for the lemongrass pork belly sandwich. While not as pretty as Midtown Lunch Philly's iteration in terms of grill marks, the flavors of the lemongrass and the unctuousness of the pork belly were definitely there. Better yet - it was on special so who can complain about saving a buck? Again, the balance between the cucumbers, carrots, and cilantro made each bite, along with the wonderful bread.

So if you're in the Graduate Hospital area, I would definitely pop on in for a proper workday lunch. With most of the lunchtime offerings below $10, you'd be robbing yourself of a delicious and affordable Southeast "Casian" experience if you didn't. A separate dinner menu is available as well so I'll definitely have to stop by again to check that out. Pro-tip: It's BYO!
In the Graduate Hospital area, I highly recommend Bistro Southeast for their Asian-inspired sandwiches at more-than affordable prices. You definitely get the sense that it's a family-owned business, with long ties to the Philadelphia food scene. In fact, owner Troy Eap's sister owns highly regarded Artisan Boulanger in South Philly. So when Troy invited me down to check out the distinct dinner menu, there was no hesitation on my part!  

Simply designed, there are plenty of tables at Bistro Southeast for diners to enjoy their amalgamation of Southeast Asian and Cajun flavors - Casian, if you will! 

Shrimp Summer Roll [$5.95]

The GF came along for the ride this time and she was so glad she did. We started off with the summer rolls, which featured crisp veggies, fragrant herbs, and snappy shrimp. They came with a duo of hoisin and mint cilantro sauces. Wonderful start to the meal. 

Thai Sweet Chili Wings [$6.95]

The Thai sweet chili wings are a must order in my mind and possibly better than the ones at Cheu Noodle Bar. Perfectly crisp, with some kick to the Thai chili sauce, the cilantro helped to cut through the sticky sweetness of each bite. 

Combo #2 - Shrimp Boil [$24.95]
1 lb. shrimp, 1 lb. clams, sausage, corn, potatoes

If you're stopping by for dinner, you obviously have to try one of their boils. Potatoes,  sausage, shrimp and/or clams are steamed together with butter, garlic, and Casian spices to maintain moistness and optimal seasoning. The potatoes still had bite and the sausage had wonderful snap to it. The clams were perfect little morsels of butter and brine, but the star of the boil was the head-on shrimp. The juicy bits of head fat were inundated with that buttery Casian flavor. A squirt of lime to provide some acid and countervailing balance? Heaven. Not exactly date food because you'll require multiple napkins and wetnaps, but what better way to test whether you're with the right person?

Fried Cheesecake [$6.95]

Asian restaurants aren't known for their desserts, but I appreciated that Bistro Southeast tries with their deep-fried cheesecake. Crisply fried and not overly doughy, the cheesecake still maintained its consistency within. Dragonfruit slices and rambutan provided some light and subtly sweetness as well. 

So if you're in the Graduate Hospital area or are craving Cajun flavors, be sure to check out Bistro Southeast! If you see Troy, don't hesitate to chat him up because he's a joy to speak with and will treat you like family.Pro-tip: If you check in on Facebook or Yelp, there's a 10% discount as well.
OBSESSED with this place, i'm already planning when i can come back.

If you've watched David Chang's "Ugly Delicious" and you watch the crawfish episode, they talk about this new food trend called "Viet Cajun" and that's exactly what this place reminds me of. Granted, this is in Philly, not Houston or New Orleans but I think they do a great job with what they have.

For 3 people we split the Combo #5 seafood boil, soft shell crab fried rice and a pork banh mi and it was the perfect amount of food.

The #5 seafood Boil:
the crawfish was good but not as good as the shrimp. the juices are so good and flavorful but i definitely want to go very spicy next time; mild is good but too buttery for my taste. the shrimp and crab were probably my favorite, the meat with the sauce was soooo delicious. the potatoes were overly boiled though, i could definitely do without those. the lobster tails were also a favorite of mine but they're on the pricier side

Soft Shell Crab Fried Rice:
the crab itself is flawless, full of flavor and perfectly fried. the rice however was a bit dry; it wasn't as flavorful as i'd want it to be but maybe it was an off day

Pork Banh Mi:
loved this, not the best banh mi i've had but the flavors were great!

all in all, this place is fantastic. good prices, good service and great food. you will come here and begin your new obsession with viet cajun cuisine
It is always a good omen when there is an open parking spot directly in front of the restaurant of choice and so was this on our first trip to Bistro Southeast.  Located on South Street between 19th and 18th streets, Bistro Southeast has been open about 3 months at the time of this review.

The space itself is clean and simple with an open kitchen. There is probably seating for about 20-25 diners. The kitchen is open to the dining room and patrons can watch the food being prepared. We were immediately greeted by one of the owners and she was very friendly and informative in exactly the right way. 

We ordered Crispy Shrimp Rolls, Spicy Tamarind Mussels, and the Seafood combination Number 2. The Shrimp Rolls were very good, not oily and had a nice lemon grass flavor. The mussels were also excellent in a slightly spicy and super flavorful tamarind sauce.  The seafood combo is a boil style served in plastic bag similar to Hot N' Juicy, etc. We had the shrimp and the clams wit the Cajun sauce. Wow, this was good and boil makes the potatoes and corn super moist and full of flavor, the shrimp and clams were great also and the sauce was really good. We were going to ask for bread or order rice to just use with the extra sauce. This is a little messy because it is peal and eat shrimp, but the taste and flavor was well worth the mess.

For dessert we had the fried cheesecake and the fried bananas with ice cream. Both desserts were good and nice compliments to the meal. 

We really liked Bistro Southeast and they have a compact menu but it is certainly varied enough. We will definitely be back to try some of the other dishes.  For lunch they serve Bahn Mi sandwiches and they have a separate and different lunch specific menu, which I would also like to try. Bistro Southeast is also BYOB and we received a 10% discount with my Yelp! Check in. This is a really good spot for casual dining and quality, flavors, and the super friendly and sincere service is hard to beat! Bistro Southeast lived up to it's high rating on Yelp for us.
I have lived here for almost one year now and this is the place I come back the most. My wife and I finally strayed away from the individual dishes and finally delved into what EVERYONE  goes there for...the seafood. Of course we had to have the summer rolls for their huge fresh flavor. We ordered the pound of shrimp, mussels with a side of potatoes, sausage and corn. We had to do the traditional casian seasoning. The platter was marinating/bathing within the seasoning as we opened the bag to the treasure of goods. The experience was truly amazing and I know why people drop everything for the seafood!
If only my party were more adventurous...this review would have included the seafood...

Must get: softshell crab bun, curry wings, anything w/fried tofu
Meh: tofu banh mi
Missed out: bags of seafood

This is a wonderful little joint on south street that has a wide variety of shareable apps, I was able to make a reservation for a party of 8, and even after showing up...a little more than a few minutes late, the staff were still very friendly and accommodating. My favorite dish was actually the salad, which contained the softest, yet gentlest fried breaded tofu cubes that I've had in a while. The salad itself was a bit too heavily dependent on iceberg lettuce, but the tofu was the highlight. The next favorite was the crab buns, which was the most unique dish as the dish contained a fried softshelled crab sandwiched between two soft white buns. Sure, call me a softie (pun intended) when it comes to crabs, but the briney nature of the crab gave the traditional bun a nice kick. As for the reminder of the dishes, the potstickers, spring rolls and vegetable rolls were decent, but not too special. If only our group wore less fancy/business clothing, we would have loved to try out the seafood dishes.

Overall, this was a great place to check out if you have a large party and I'm excited to check out the main dishes in the future.

Food: 4 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
Service: 3 stars
Price: 4 stars
I was craving crawfish (like Boiling Crab) and found this restaurant online. This is so far the best crawfish boil found in Philly area. I went in March and the crawfish was big, fresh, and juicy. 

I came here with my boyfriend for dinner on Saturday around 5 or 6pm. We were the only ones when we entered and were greeted by a friendly waitress. The restaurant is very clean and well decorated. The bathrooms are clean, also, which is always a two thumbs up. 

We ordered the Bistro southeast wings and Salt and pepper because we know we are never full after just eating seafood. The wings were crispy and well seasoned. They were also cooked to order. They were delicious. I would recommend them. 
We also ordered three lbs of crawfish. They had a buy two lbs and get one lb free special. So of course, we ordered three pounds. They were perfectly seasoned and super delicious. I would definitely come back here for them during crawfish season (January to July; March is peak season). There was a customer who ordered them for pick-up. If I lived close by, I would definitely be doing that.

Overall, 5 stars because I was not able to find a crawfish place as good as this in Philly area. Would recommend to all seafood lovers! (And if you miss Boiling Crab)
Came here because a friend had recommended it and was not disappointed. We got a crawfish and shrimp boil. We tried both the cajun and the garlic butter. The only complaint I have is that there is not enough sauce. However, I would definitely come here again.
This is one of my favorite seafood boil restaurants in Philadelphia area. It wasn't my first time here when I was writing this review. I love this restaurant because the food quality is excellent, consistent, and the service is amazing.

They have different options of seafood combos that you can do depending on how big your party is or how much you can eat (yeah your girl eats alot so combo seems to be a way to go lol)

I usually do seafood combo 1 (if I go by myself or party of 2) With the combo 1, you'll get 1 pound of crawfish and a pound of clams or mussels. Besides your seafood, you'll get sausages, corns, and potatoes (2 pieces each) and its only $24.95 (What!?!?!? I know right). Oh yes, you get to pick which season/sauce that goes in your seafood. I believe they have cajun and garlic & butter seasoning.

If you come here during crawfish season, you'll always get fresh live crawfish. The thing I appreciate the most about this restaurant (besides their excellent food quality) was their service and their honesty. Everytime I asked my server whether they have live crawfish or not, they'll always tell me the truth. Unlike what I've experienced at other restaurants before that they told me one thing but served me another.

Another favorite dish of mine was the crab fried rice. You'll get a whole freaking soft-shell crab on top of your fried rice. Yes! A whole crab! (I know unbelievable and its only $16.95)

I also love their banh mi. My favorite one was the lemongrass grilled pork banh mi. Its huge, savory, juicy and crispy. Yeah, its super delicious!!!

The only recommendation that I would like to make is I wish they could have put more sauce on the seafood boil. When I first tried out this restaurant (years ago) they used to put lots of sauce on the seafood, and it was heaven!!!! I wonder if I can ask them to do that next time.
Tell me your experience, I would love to hear!
Stopped in randomly looking for a place to neutralize a Friday night hangover; couldn't believe our luck (myself and the lady).

Perfect sized menu with options spanning the divine cuisine of Southeast Asia. Opted for the social of the day, the Asian Chicken Sandwich, which evokes memories of my cafe experiences throughout Hanoi, Vietnam. GF went with a noodle/salad combo that wasn't necessarily what she expected (was gunning for more of a hot soup instead of cold noodles), but it hardly disappointed.

We then left to take on the festivities and hoppy beverages of Blocktoberfest on South Street. After congregating at a local Amiga's abode we followed our stomachs back to the Bistro so we could vanquish some dinner menu options.

We ended up splitting the 1lb mussels, caked in a Cajun sauce that was recommended by the hostess, and paired it with the Thai Sweet Chili wings. We didn't talk for 20 minutes as we made sweet love to the dishes (neither one of us caring about the infidelity), only stopping to look up every once and a while, admire the lobster bibs they had given us, and nod approval at taste of heaven we found ourselves engaged in.

They've only been open for three months, but the food, courtesy and warmth of the staff, and ambience reflects a more seasoned (pun certainly intended) business.

Simply put, you won't be disappointed by any aspect or element of your experience (be it dine in or take out). The cognitive dissonance I implore by wanting to keep this place a secret, all the while concurrently wanting it to thrive, was difficult to manage. But I went with my gut (hehe another pun) and chose to share my feelings with the rest of you. Bon APPETIT mes amis
Summer rolls stuffed with 4 shrimp a piece, filled with crunchy lettuce, mint, bean sprouts, cilantro, carrots and a peanut sauce and ginger sauce. Vietnamese bbq pork bahn mi has beautifully seared pieces of pork, served with cucumber, cilantro, and carrots on Vietnamese baguette. Great meal and quality ingredients.
I was looking for a reasonable place in South Philly to celebrate my boyfriend's 25th birthday with his friends. Being that he and his friends drink a lot, I thought it was be best to find a BYOB place. The pictures and reviews for this place looked really good- so I booked a table.  When I got here at 8:30 pm the place was so empty, I was a little afraid to carry out the dinner plans, but I thought " welp too late to care now" (literally). 

While I sat in the empty restaurant alone waiting for the rest of the party I notice the staff was very patient, friendly, and clean.  Although the place was empty the staff continuously cleaned. 

This is a small, what looks to be, mom and pop shop.  But to be honest the food here is amazing! 

The seafood combos were not only cheap but, fresh and deliciously well cooked. The sauce was flavorful and not at all salty like how most restaurants make their seafood. For $52 my boyfriend and I split combo 3 which included: 1lb crawfish, 1lb shrimp, 1lb clams, one snow crab (split evenly in half), 4 potatoes and 4 corns. I would definitely come back! 

P.S.- there wasn't an uncorking fee for bottles and although the staff tells you in advance what time they will close they were nice enough to wait patiently for us to leave- they did not kick us out.
Both times I tried their banh mi sandwiches, I thought they were great. Great bread. And they cook the meats on premise, so be prepared to for your clothes to smell like delicious marinated meat! Slightly pricey, but the big portion definitely makes up for it. 

Excited to come back for dinner and try their seafood boils!
Overall a good experience! My parents and I enjoyed the food and it came out very quickly. We got the shrimp potstickers, tofu spring rolls, thai salad, and a bucket of seafood. My only issue was that there were two different pop songs playing at the same time in different parts of the restaurant which made it hard to have a conversation at times. I was also a little disappointed that their menu is different for dinner and lunch, I really wanted to try some of their bun dishes!
Very unassuming spot serving both bag-style seafood and some Vietnamese, and otherwise Asian-inspired entrees, Bistro Southeast was on the list to get some fresh shellfish without breaking the bank. Being my mom's birthday, and knowing her love of seafood, we wanted to take her somewhere that we could get some, while not completely alienating her Vietnamese-inclined palette. 

Having perused the menu before arriving, we ordered the thai chili wings, crab fried rice, sweet potato fries, and seafood combo #4, which at at $53 is very reasonable for 1lb. each of crawfish, shrimp, clams(or mussels), 2 lobsters, and 4 orders of corn, potatoes, and sausage. We threw in some extra pieces of corn, and an order of butter noodles, and called it a day.

Across the board, the food came out fresh and was great. Just starting with the sweet potato fries, which were a generous portion that were hot and appropriately crisp, with a very tasty chipotle mayo deeping sauce as an accompaniment. The thai chili wings were next, and the first thing we noted were how hefty these wings were. Despite being thoroughly sauced, they were still crispy all the way through, yet had enough meat that the jumbo wings were moist on the inside; there isn't really much more you can ask for from a good chicken wing, we could have ordered 2 more plates! And then came the crab fried rice. The whole soft shell crab was really the star of the show in that dish, but there was also a generous amount of crabmeat spread throughout the rice itself. The only downside was that it was a bit dry, but that's nothing any of the seafood boil sauce can't fix.

Speaking of the seafood boil, you can order multiple spice levels, but we started off mail. The Cajun spice mix features less liquid than other boils I've had in the past, and is more of a paste that seems to envelop all of the components of the dish. Truth be told, I would have liked a little bit more of a liquid component as it would have made adding flavor to the sides(butter noodles, rice, potatoes, corn, etc.). But the actual spice mixture was indeed quite good(it's our own fault we ordered mild, so I can't comment on the level of spiciness).

All in all, the bill ran $88 pre-tax and tip for 5ppl, which was not bad at all for the quality and quantity of food we got. Not only were we all stuffed, but we all agreed that every dish was something we would order again. The service was excellent, with the proprietor/cook/server giving us recommendations and accommodating for our party the entire way. Also it's BYOB, so bring some beers, crack into some crawfish, and enjoy your evening.
Ordered delivery from Yelp24 on a Sunday evening- I ordered the shrimp/pork potstickers, noodle bowl with lemongrass pork, and the mint limeade. My food came surprisingly quick (about 30-45 min) and everything was delicious! It all tasted so fresh, not greasy and very flavorful. Portions were huge as well, so now I have lunch and dinner for tomorrow! I'm so happy I finally gave this place a try- and I look forward to ordering again soon, as well as dining in.
Man... I've been sleeping on this place. A (trustworthy) friend recommended this place as we passed by, and I'm so glad I was feeling too lazy to cook that night. Snuck in an order half an hour before they closed, and my order was done in 10 minutes. I spent (with tip) less than $35 for 2 awesome apps (summer rolls and 6 wings) and a HUGE noodle dish. I ate the two apps for dinner. Loved the summer rolls, which came with two sauces - a standard hoisin one and a limey cilantro one (I despise cilantro so I can't attest to the sauce, but my friend likes it). Then, I ultimately split the noodle dish into two meals. It came with a fish sauce and peanuts on the side with the noodles and generous portion of grilled chicken sitting on top of a bed of lettuce. Will definitely be ordering again before 2021 to support a mom and pop shop and my inevitable appetite for SE Asian food.
Omg ... the Southeast Asian salad with the salt and pepper shrimp has to be one of the best things I've EVER eaten. The salad is about $13 (with the shrimp) and it's worth every penny. Every time I get the salad I know darned well I should not try to eat the whole salad, it's pretty filling but I just can't stop myself ... it's so freaking good.
This place is such a GEM... I've had lunch here twice and want to go back for dinner.
Everyone who works there is so sweet! 

1st lunch) bbq pork bahn mi was out of this world.. so much meat and amazing flavors, wonderful blend of fresh ingredients.
2nd lunch) my friend and I split the lemongrass pork belly, it wasn't as good as the bbq pork and could have used a little more lemongrass but was still amazing. We also got the Thai sweet chili wings which were some of the most amazing wings I've ever had in my life... ever! a lot of meat and amazing blend of sweet and spicy. Great price too, $6.95! My other friend ordered the tofu bahn mi which she also loved. 

Can't wait to go back and try some of the other items even though other items are on the pricier side.
I have to say, the food here always tastes great. Takeout three times now. Even the Chicken Pho wasn't bad. From the outside, it may appear small. But there's a good amount of seating inside. Pretty decor as well! I wouldn't mind a more extensive menu for entrees though.
From the reviews, it seems like the food is probably fine, but I was really grossed out by the fried cheesecake I got during my last visit, so I'm not sure I'd want to stop in again. Also, the air was foggy with grease particles, which invaded my hair and clothes and made me smell like fried chicken after I left the restaurant. They should probably fix the kitchen vent. 

I came in because I was excited to try this new and interesting addition to South Street. I was especially intrigued by the fried cheesecake, which looked gorgeous from other reviewers' pictures. When I came in, the service was not particularly friendly, but I didn't mind that too much. At $8.51 (incl. tax and tip), I thought the fried cheesecake was a bit pricey, but I wanted to try it anyway for the novelty. 

But when it emerged from the kitchen, I was really disappointed to see a really small, crooked slice of fried cheesecake with oily/soggy crumbs falling off, topped with hastily drizzled chocolate syrup. I also noticed that the cheesecake slice was placed diagonally lengthwise on the plate, with two sets of round fruits placed squarely on the wider end, giving the overall appearance of an erect you-know-what. Perhaps that was unintentional, but it definitely turned me off. (In the photo I included with this review, you will see that I rotated the cheesecake slice 90 degrees clockwise for a classier effect, but that is not how it was originally plated.) 

Even then, I would not have minded the price and appearance of this dessert if it actually tasted good, but instead of creamy, the cheesecake was rubbery, and it was very greasy from being fried. The accompanying dragon fruit and rambutan were weakly flavored, so they did not really add much to the dish. If anything, they added an unpleasant flavor contrast. It was altogether a very unpleasant experience - dessert and otherwise. I am not sure if I'll be back.
In the era of seafood mukbangs who wouldn't want to try a seafood boil?! It's not bloveslife's seafood boil nor The Boiling Crab's, but I'm sure it probably comes close! 

I'm not new to seafood of course, but I am new to seafood boils and Bistro SouthEast offers a great experience. My boyfriend and I love coming here. It's a cute little family owned restaurant ran by Cambodians. A little small inside, but definitely comfortable and you don't feel like you're on top of other people. We never have trouble getting seating and we've been here a few times already. 

Seafood boils are one of their most popular menu items, but they also offer a lot of other southeast asian dishes which are also delicious! Not mad about the pricing either, we're always so surprised by how much we DIDNT spend. Our tummies leave happy every time. Two thumbs up!
A friend and I had the BBQ pork sandwich (a variation on the bahn mi) and agreed it was superb.  Tasty and very generous (not your "grandfather's rather skimpy bahn mi.)  The dinner menu also looks very tempting with lots of interesting seafood preparations. 

The wait staff was also extremely friendly and helpful.

I will definitely return.
Perfect spot for South street and an appropriate name for southeast fusion items. Can't go wrong with lemongrass! Apart from their sandwiches, also stumbled upon their seafood combos. On a cold day, nothing better than a garlic-Cajun plastic bag full of steamed mussels, shrimp, potatoes, corn, and sausage. Warms me up just thinking about it.
Came here at 5:30 pm on a Wednesday, when the only patrons were local Grad Hospital residents dropping in for a quick dinner. The space is informal and a little hot. You can place your order at the counter, but there's also table service. There's a screen next to the counter displaying a rotation of photos of popular dishes so you can get an idea of what they look like! Prices were very low for most entrees, save for the steamed shrimp ($17/lb). The soft shell crab fried rice has chunks of crab in it, and is topped with a whole fried crab. Delicious and definitely worth $16. We'll be back to try the other entrees!
New restaurant, I think they're still ironing out the kinks. 
The summer rolls were great, and very inexpensive. The lime drink was a ripoff ($4+ for lime juice and water with some mint in it? Especially when the summer rolls were cheaper!). 
The food is tasty, would try again.
The food at Bistro Southeast is quite good, and maybe my expectations were a bit high based on the Yelp reviews, but it didn't blow me away.

We got one order of the salt & pepper wings, and another of the Thai sweet chili wings. They were both good and I think the taste just comes down to preference. You won't go wrong either way. 

We also got an order of the crispy shrimp rolls. These are literally shrimp with spring roll wraps fried around them. Different and I liked the creativity. They taste about how you would expect fried shrimp rolls to taste. 

My table got the combo 1 cajuin style. It was very good, though I didn't have any of the crawfish or the mussels. These kinds of dishes come down to the seasoning and the seasoning was very good, I'm just not a crawfish or mussels person. 

Great/perfect service. No complaints whatsoever. Waters always full, table always cleared when finished. Perhaps my favorite part of the evening was seeing the owner (at least I'm assuming he was the owner. He had a laptop set up in the back and was doing work) interact with a few customers who were regulars. He was always smiling and laughing. I think this is a big part of how these privately owned places can get a big advantage: by being personable. 

Points for: Service, cajun style seasoning
No negatives.
We have been here twice and cannot get enough of the Cajun garlic boil. The sauce on this is just killer. I want it in everything. This time we got the boil w crab legs, crawfish, shrimp, mussels, sausage, potatoes, corn. So much food for the price- very good value! Although the seafood is generally the Star, the sausage is so good! The crab legs we big and tasty. We got a shrimp po boy the first time and I didn't like it bc the sauce on it had a pretty strong horseradish flavor but my husband like it. Very much a preference thing I guess. I've recently learned the pork belly bahn mo is the thing to try, so next time! They just have so many good options on the menu! The service is good- they're friend and and accommodating

I would just warn them to make sure they're enforcing mask wearing- I know this is an uncomfortable thing to do w customers, but when I was in there someone was holding a mask to their mouth and then dropped it and started talking near the counter where the kitchen is and the carry out food. This is something that would cause me to think twice about going back if I continued to observe this. Could've just been a fluke.
4.5 stars. The interior is small and unassuming but this place whips up some great Vietnamese Cajun fusion. Between seasoned Vietnamese food eaters like my parents and friends who've never had any, the menu here is simple and approachable for everyone. My party of 5 got sweet potato fries and Thai sweet chili wings to start, then crab fried rice and the Combo 4 seafood boil with a side of garlic butter noodles to soak up all the spicy seafood goodness.

Sweet potato fries - surprisingly crispy, with a delicious, spicy mayo-based dip.
Thai chili wings - big and crispy, sauce wasn't too sweet or spicy. 6 for $6.95
Crab fried rice - pretty dry and could've been more savory but it did have lots of crab bits. The real star was the delicious, deep fried soft-shell on top, a steal at only $15.95.
Seafood combo 4 - one lb each of shrimp, crawfish, mussels OR clams, and crab legs OR two lobster tails (~$52). Coated in a rich, buttery spicy Cajun sauce. Actually sort of sweet and savory, well seasoned and a good deal for the amount of seafood you get.
Garlic butter noodles - use them to soak up all that buttery seafood boil sauce!

Service was good and you can see the full kitchen from the dining area, so you know it's all fresh. Looking forward to coming back and getting my seafood fix again
Bistro Southeast, you leave me craving for more. I have tried all your wings flavor- delicious with variation which can potentially cater to the whole audience. Cajun shrimp pasta, delicious. Crab fried rice, who will dare to run against you? Your signature cajun seafood boil, phenomenal. I'll even tag a detail on about your beverages, thai tea is flavorful and mint lemonade definitely takes lemonade to the next level.

Your staff is friendly, young and understands customer service. The decoration is very cute and atmosphere is inviting. I have invited multiple groups of friends to try here and I have yet to heard a negative review. Please keep doing what you're doing. This is a definitely must go and try for seafood lovers.
I can't believe I just discovered this place. I've been three times in 2 weeks since. First off, the CRAB FRIED RICE. There are GIANT chunks of crab in this dish--so much so that I sometimes wonder how they're even making a profit. Plus there's a deep fried soft-shell crab on top. The wings are another must (I like the sweet chili flavor best). I typically get the asian slaw salad and summer rolls on the side to cut the grease from the fried stuff, and it makes for a perfect balance. The is the real deal, y'all. Actual Viets do the cooking in the kitchen, and food is top notch--spot on in terms of flavor, temperature, etc. I think you get a discount on your order if you dine in and check in on yelp as well!
Must I say I stopped in on the wrong night . I came here to try the sandwiches and bao buns but didn't realized it was only for lunch . Came in and got seated right away . The waitress gave us time to look over the menu as it was our first time here . So I ended up getting combo #1 which is 1lb of crawfish with clams in Cajun seasoning and my boyfriend got the dungeoness crab in curry sauce . The crawfish wasn't the best . It taste like the one that you'll get at the buffet . As for the dungeoness crab , it wasn't good either . Very pricey at 28$ a pound not worth it at all . 

My food took a very long long time to come out . My waitress didn't seem to remembered everything we ordered . The food was already taking long so I didn't want to reordered the items that was forgotten . My combo comes with corns and sausages and that didn't come out til after I've finished my crawfish and clams . From what I know , that usually comes in a bag with the seafood . Waitress didn't really check up on us to see if we needed anything or to even refill our cups of water . Horrible , horrible service . 

Overall my potstickers and crispy shrimp rolls appetizers were the only thing I like . Maybe I'll give it another try but considering lunch menu next time . 

I gave it a two stars because my apps was good and she didn't charged Bae for one of his coconut water for waiting too long .
Good execution on Thai/Asian fusion food.

I ordered the Thai Sweet Chili Wings to start. The exterior was densely crisp in well seasoned breading. The sauce was quite basic sweet/sour sauce that lacked complexity. It was simply just sweet. That said it tasted good on the wings. Inside the crisp fried breading/skin was hot, juicy, tender, and well executed meat. I did think this was served too hot. But that's not the worst problem to have. 

As an entree I ordered the lemongrass pork belly rice plate. The menu indicated this dish includes a "heaping" mound of rice. I found the portion adequate but by no means heaping.

The dish consisted of that rice, a small cabbage/cilantro slaw, and pork belly. The slaw was ok, tasted almost like more of a fibrous garnish with a bit of vinaigrette than a salad. 

The pork belly was disappointing. It was poorly executed: too tough. It did not exhibit the unctuous melty fat of the best forms of this ingredient. However, the lemongrass flavor did absorb into the pork belly well which did mildly redeem the dish. 

2.5/5 for the pork belly, 4.5/5 for the wings.
Stopped by for lunch and was impressed by the menu, service, and food!

On weekends, it is not crowded. They do a lot of hospital business on weekdays. They have highchairs. 

We loved the chicken pho (very good, but clearly not as good as from a pho house) and the marinated beef bao! The bao is stuffed to the brim with meat and worth the $8+ price tag!

Will be back!
I had a hankering for some seafood fried rice and therefore decided to order takeout for #YelpsBigNightOut. Super glad that I did! I ordered the Crab Fried Rice and some curry wings for delivery. My order arrived neatly packed. The whole fried soft shell crab was still crispy and the rice was quite warm, signaling that it was freshly made to order. The wings were also nice and crispy. I took one bite of my rice and instantly knew that I had made the right choice. Bold flavors, lumps of crab, crunchy texture. Overall, super happy that I ordered from Bistro Southeast

My only downside (and the reason for the missing star)  was that they did not clean the mustard goop out of the crab . I took one bite and . I grew up eating blue crabs and knew exactly what I had bitten into. Maybe some people like it but I never have. After scraping all of that  out, I thoroughly enjoyed the rest of my meal.
A really great seafood/sandwich spot w/a family feel. 

I came here with my boyfriend a few days ago when we were on the hunt for good Asian food. There are tons of really varied options on the menu (everything from seafood boils to chicken wings) so we got a little bit carried away and ordered too much food. We got the thai sweet chili wings, the lemongrass pork belly banh mi, sweet potato fries, and the crawfish. Overall the meal was pretty heavy/salty, but the flavors/textures/quality was definitely there. 

Thai sweet chili wings: The chicken was cooked perfectly: juicy and tender with a perfect crisp on the outside, but the thai chili sauce was a little bit overpowering in its sweetness. I can see why other people love them, but I'll probably try getting the salt baked wings next time. 

Lemongrass pork belly banh mi: The bread was great, really soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside, and the pork belly was flavorful, but there weren't enough veggies in the banh mi! Also there was a bit too much mayo for my liking, (but that's probably my bad, should have asked for it on the side). Overall it was good, but certainly not the best banh mi I've had in philly, and quite a bit more expensive, so I'll be going elsewhere for my banh mi fix.

Sweet potato fries: I love sweet potato fries and these definitely did not disappoint. Not the best I've ever had, but really really good nonetheless!

Crawfish: This was the first time I'ver ever had crawfish, so I can't make any comparisons, but I thought it was pretty great. The crawfish is served to you in a tied plastic bag to keep in the heat/to allow the flavors to really mix, and idk if that's how they get the crawfish to be so buttery/garlicy/delicious, but they should definitely keep doing what they're doing. They give you a bucker for the shells and bibs to keep yourself clean, and since it takes so long to eat it becomes a sort of event which is pretty fun. Oh, apparently if you come on Friday, Saturday, or Sunday they have live crawfish so it's REAL fresh. The crawfish we had was cooked probably on Sunday and frozen immediately (still good though). I'm excited to come back one of these weekends to try their lives ones!
The entire lunch menu tempted me, that's a good sign. I started with one of the few non- Viet snacks, the Korean rib eye buns, 2 for $8.95. The mantou buns were packed with nicely marinated slices of meat. This would make a good appetizer to share or a smaller lunch for one.

Sticking with the flavorful meat theme, the blackened slices of lemongrass pork belly in the banh mi ($7.95) should not be missed.  For this sizable sandwich, they use the bacon like cut of pork belly rather than the thicker pieces that require a long braise. My one critique was of the bread, I like my banh mi bread softer and crispier.
Best bbq pork bahn mi I've had in Philly so far. It had everything I expected a bahn mi would have, where I feel that other restaurants often are missing something or replace the crunchy French roll with a soft hoagie roll (not the same experience!) Will definitely be ordering it again. I also tried their soft shell crab buns which weren't terrible. I would probably ask to substitute the wasabi mayo with spicy mayo next time out of personal preference. I felt like the wasabi was overpowering the flavor of the entire dish. If you enjoy wasabi, you may opt to keep it. 

This seemed like a family owned mom and pop shop. The server was pleasant. Prices are reasonable, not overpriced.
I recently went here for the first time and have been craving to come back since we left. The crab rice, lobster summer rolls, crispy shrimp spring rolls, Thai chili wings - delicious. The mango sticky rice is to die for - it's more like a dessert. Everything is made fresh to order.
Tried the lemongrass pork belly bahn mi. Not huge, a little overpriced at $8.95. The baguette was a little too hard. The toppings (pickled carrots, cucumber, jalapeño's, spicy mayo) were the best part of the sandwich- tasty and plentiful. The meat was VERY disappointing. The pork belly was almost flavorless and it was way too crispy. 2.5/5.
I will have to frequent this place more to try more of their dishes...cute atmosphere with the nicest selection of throwbacks for music. The wall has illustrations detailing how to eat a variety of seafood ranging from crabs to lobsters to crawfish, etc.

Came here on a rainy day after church to grab some lunch - half of us were craving pho (myself included) but I ended up ordering the shrimp cajun noodles which turned out to be an EXCELLENT decision as the two others who ended up getting the chicken pho at my table opted to drool over my plate when it was set down in front of me. Their caseian sauce is amazing...I don't usually like pasta dishes (this was very much like a pasta - less saucy and more buttery) or any shrimp dishes in general but this one hit the spot. The shrimp was tender and flavorful and the noodles were coated nicely in the Cajun spiced sauce - not overpowering in anyway but nicely accentuating the shrimp flavor. It was a bit oily...but the oil was quite essential for the buttery-ness as well so not complaining. It was a pretty good portion for the size considering shrimp fills you up fast and they give you a good amount of shrimp. 

My friends enjoyed their chicken pho which looked pretty good, not gonna lie, but I prefer beef flavored pho so I just didn't try it as I was plenty content with my noodles. One of them opted to finish my shrimp dish instead of her pho so...follow suit and order the noodles.
I'm a fan of this place. It is a great option for local asian food, and specializes in seafood (not the most common combination). I usually end up getting a pad thai on lazy nights, and they have always delivered a warm, soul-filling meal. I usually order my meals here to go - but the service is great and they are always warm in their demeanor. Next time I come here, I'll have to try their seafood.
I came in an hour before closing, so they asked me to take it to go, which I didnt mind. But, the waitress who took my order has a very "rude" tone of voice, almost commanding hence minus one star. 

I would come back to dine in and truly experience the restaurants atmosphere and hot food off the stoves. My to go order got cold and stale real fast. 
Lemon grass pork banh mi was pack with flavors. The shrimp spring rolls were huge! And the soft shell crab in bao with cucumbers were the bomb!
Great seafood spot and BYOB. Ordered a low country boil w crawfish, clam and head-on shrimp, in between one and two spicy. Was perfect. Must be comfortable peeling, shelling, but well worth it. Wings looked good too.
I was searching for places with good seafood especially crawfish and found this place on Yelp. The wings were really good, crispy on the outside and moist in the inside. We got combo 3 and 4 which was filling, hearty and amazing. We barely finish them both with a group of four but we're incredibly satisfied.
Everything I ordered last night was delicious.  I wanted to get football watching food for the first game of the season, so decided this would be a good fit.  I think i missed the whole first quarter because my face was in the seafood bag.  

I ordered through EAT24 (I'm really liking the whole online ordering thing) but had a hard time deciding what to get.  I wanted everything but thought it wasn't responsible to spend $100+ on a Thursday night take out meal.  So after perusing the Yelp reviews, I decided on the thai chili wings, dumplings, noodles, and Combo 2.  Then my boyfriend ordered...no I'm kidding, that's for both of us.  I'll repeat my first comment, everything was delicious.  Tip: Try to get some of that Casian sauce onto your noodles and mix it in a bit.  You're welcome.

Picking up was quick and seamless.  The hostess was friendly and even gave me a $2 off card.  She knew damned well I'd be back.  Just to mention, because this stood out to me, the take out packaging was very thoughtful.  They included bibs, wipes, and even an extra empty container for shells.  Most places would assume you could use a receptacle at home, but these guys thought "Just in case she starts eating it in the car."  

I hope to eat in at some point, since they are byob.  And since I saw a lobster on some guys table that I did not see on the EAT24 menu.
We happened upon this place on a temperate Friday night at the start of the fall season. The place was not very crowded but was clean well-kept and modern.

We started with the sweet potato fries and the summer rolls along with the Thai sweet chili wings. A fantastic start to the meal. The sweet potato fries had an interesting Cajun spice that gave it a bit of a kick. The summer rolls were good along with the two condiments which were a peanut sauce and sweet Thai dressing. 

The rice plate with the barbecue pork was particularly tasty. It was served with a side of vegetables in a fresh seasoning.

As an aside I had a lovely limeade freshly squeezed and my girlfriends Thai tea was very good as well.

Overall the meal was very good in the atmosphere was quite pleasant as well. Will definitely be back here again to try some other dishes.
Came here to try this place out for the first time. Came on a Wednesday night and it's pretty packed which is a good sign that the found is decent. 

Service - Our waitress was very friendly and came to check on us often to make sure everything was ok. 

Food - for appetizers we got the shrimp potstickers and bistro southeast wings. Both of these appetizers were Delish and definitely met my expectations. The shrimp potstickers had nice size pieces of shrimp and full of flavors. The wings were well seasoned and had a nice crunch and not over cooked. It was crunchy on the outside but not dry on the inside. Then we also got combo #1 1 lb of crawfish with 1 lb of clams in Cajun seasoning. We also ordered an additional 2 lbs of crawfish in Cajun seasoning as well. For dessert we had a fried cheesecake. It was amazingly yummy. Everything was well executed. 

Price - I think the wings were a bit pricey but it was well worth it. You definitely get what you pay for. The seafood was reasonable priced. 

Overall experience - I left this restaurant feeling very satisfied with the meal and definitely will be back to try out other food from the menu. So if you haven't try this place out yet and around the area you should stop by to check it out.
Great food, decent prices, and amazing staff. My family and I came here for a late night dinner. The restaurant was nice and quiet for our dinning experience, as we ordered practically everything on the menu. We will definitely be returning to this great tasting restaurant in the near future!
The truth is these guys do a good job. The thing we ordered the other night could have been even higher than your four stars but we got mussels right? Half those things were closed tight. My mother always said you don't eat closed mussels because you'll get food poisoning but what does she know. Old habits die hard I guess. Listen, the seafood platter we got was packed right in a bag and even came with those fancy plastic bibs with a picture of a lobster on it. Crawfish? Never again. Ain't worth it. But I would take a bath in the sauce they used for the crawfish. It's a shame.
A fantastic addition to the neighborhood.
The seafood is wonderful and their summer rolls are delicious. Everything is made fresh when you order. The owners are kind, friendly and want to have feedback about your experience! This place has to stay. Try it you will enjoy on all fronts.
So so so happy I found this place. Ordered the lemongrass grilled chicken and it was delicious!!! Super easy, quick, and delicious. Can't wait to try the fresh seafood soon.
This is a 4.5 star review, almost a five..  My wife Karin and I have been here a few times, mainly for the delicious banh mi sandwiches. We were joined by our Jersey  friends Jay and Ken for lunch recently. We had called ahead to have the seafood boil # 4 for lunch (usually it is served only at dinner unless you call a day before). While the boil was "cooking", we ordered the Thai sweet chili wings. The crispy texture, the tasty chicken, the sweet and spicy flavors , were very delicious.The boil arrived (shrimp, crawfish, clams, 2 small lobster tails, 4 halves of corn, 4 sausages, and four potatoes in a wonderful casian sauce) and we proceeded to devour the blend of flavors and textures.  The casian sauce (cajun/asian) was terrific, salty, sweet and spicy. We couldn't stop eating until we devoured the entire boil.. We also shared the pork belly banh mi which is so delish. We finished with the fried cheesecake with whipped cream and dragon fruit. One of the reviewers on yelp said that the fried cheesecake freaked her out. Not us, we enjoyed the texture and taste.
Karin and I also ordered the crab fried rice, with a soft shell crab on top, to go. The rice is aromatic, delicate and subtle tasting. The softshell was crispy and enjoyable.
Mui, the wife and co-owner, is a gracious hostess. She is patient,  welcomes and answers any questions, makes great suggestions and prepares the takeout orders with loving care. Our friends ordered 2 banh mi sandwiches to go. Mui deconstructed the order by separating the meat, the sauce, the carrots and cilantro and suggested how to put it back together for eating later.
The decor is minimalistic but clean and casual. Once the food arrives, you notice nothing else. 
The four of us have decided to return in July for our next lunch adventure. We want to try as many dishes as we can. It is that good.
The crawfish seafood pot and soft-shell crab fired rice were delicious. The staff were very nice and attentive. We enjoyed our meal!
this new Yelp platform made the dishes look appealing and if pics are worth a thousand words here are 43 ...delicious "spicy mussels" in a brine both fragrant, sweet & savory that has me drinking from the bag that kept them piping hot all the way from south street to UC together with "salt & pepper shrimp" that had me eating the shell et al Bourdain-style all with a side Asian salad slaw and don't worry the dressing is on the bottom of the eco friendly container - stir it up!
Stumbled upon this place while surfing "nearbys" on Yelp.  The soft shell crab fried rice intrigued me.  I never had a soft shell crab before and was a little hesitant to eat the entire crab including the shell.  To my surprise, the dish was very flavorful with crunchy texture from the fried crab and fluffiness from the perfectly cooked rice.  I also had the fish po'boy which  was tasty but not enough fish compared to other po'boys I've had elsewhere.  My son had the bbq pork noodle bowl which burst with yummy char flavor.  My older son had the chicken pho which had just a sprinkle of chicken however the broth was good.  The sweet thai chili wings were average.

Overall, lunch here is pricey but good.  Parking is terrible on south street.
Wow this place is good. Way better than Joe's crab shack in KOP. The king crab is sweet and succulent.  The lemongrass crab is delish n licking finger good. Have been looking for something like this for a while in our area and this small restaurant really hit the spot.  The chix wings are excellent as well. And it's BYOB so what are you waiting for. .. cheers
The food was amazing, great customer service. The combo 4 was also great, the sauce is a little on the thick side though. The real deal was the crab fried rice and the fried cheesecake.
This is a low key spot that is easy to overlook, but I absolutely love the food here! The BBQ pork banh mi sandwich is amazing-- I keep recommending it to my friends-- and the pho and Thai wings are also delicious (and I've only eaten those via take out).
Great food, nice people, what more can you want?

Love all of the vegetarian options.

The homemade salad dressing is delicious!!

Get the summer rolls with tofu!!
Service is great but the food is even better I plan on trying the whole menu This becoming a regular spot for me and my girlfriend And the food is Not expensive
Wow this place was just my style.  Somewhat casual setting, great service, reasonable prices, and amazing seafood and Asian creations!  We had lobster summer rolls, sweet chili wings, and steamed  peel shrimp with Cajun sauce.  All were fantastic.  I'll be coming back here.
Nice people, easy vibe. I should go back here because while I wasn't too plussed about what I got, I could see some potential for the more complete seafood dishes on the menu.
I decided to get takeout for my birthday and it was just as good as when we dine-in months ago. This place is a gem. The people are so nice and so quick and everything on the menu it delicious. I 100 percent recommend.
Their homemade shrimp pork dumplings are a must have here. They're homemade and always packed. One order is like dinner for me! They're soy sauce too is like nothing I can buy. The noodle is always nice and thin and not too thick like other places. They also pan sear them to perfection. This batch one could use a little more pan searing, but still undoubtedly delicious. I've been getting them for years. So good! The customer service here is always lovely too. Their salt and pepper shrimp is incredible as well as their sweet chili wings. You can't go wrong going here!
Been meaning to try this place since it is so close to where I live. And I can definitely see myself getting absolutely obsessed. Not only is the atmosphere cozy, but everything was so affordable. The sweet potato fries were perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside and the seasoning (Cajun?) really put the taste over the edge. I was already in heaven. Then when the sandwiches came out, I might have died even more. The bread was perfectly toasty and crunchy as would be expected. The presentation and quality of the fish po'boy and the lemongrass pork belly were so amazing. I will definitely be back for more!!
First time visiting  and it wasn't bad. Ordered the lobster fried rice w/o egg and it was really good. You could taste the butter in the rice. The pieces of lobster were a bit small but enjoyable. You're given a lobster tail to go with your rice. It would probably be a good idea to add that lobster meat instead of using it as a garnish. But overall the meal was very good. Whenever I'm in town I'll won't think twice about visiting.
A gem in our neighborhood. I had lunch yesterday with a friend. He had gone there before and recommended that we share a grilled pork sandwich, a pork belly sandwich and a fried chicken wings. All dishes were delicious. They were prepared carefully, perfectly seasoned and more than just tasty. I'll go back again. It is BYOB. I've been told that their seafood dishes are excellent. I look forward to returning.
I was house-sitting for my cousin who lives in Rittenhouse and decided to talk a walk to find something quick to take out and eat for lunch. As luck would have it I found this utterly amazing Asian Fusion bistro set up in a very non-conspicuous location. I figured, I was in the mood for something local, fresh, and ethnic, and I had to pat myself on the back after settling on this place. My personal motto is a perfect day can be ruined by a bad meal and a great meal can make your bad days perfect.

Let's go by strictly the food as I ordered takeout- I ordered the Tofu Wraps which were filled with wholesome fresh vegetables herbs and pan fried tofu. I've never had something like it before where the rolls were tightly wrapped and jammed with so much flavor bursting purely from freshness, how cool is that?!

For an entree I ordered the Banh Mi which also exceeded my expectations and blew me away as I was savoring every bite of freshly baked baguette, perfectly charred BBQ pork and topped with the same fresh vegetables that were to be found in my appetizer.

This place was such a great treat that I'm jealous that I don't live where my cousin does because I would come here every week if that were the case.
My brother and I both loved our noodle bowls! I got BBQ pork and he got chicken. Super speedy service and very yummy portions!
This is my favorite and most often visited restaurant so far in Philly.  You have to try their chicken pho, summer roll, and Cajun sauce spicy Combo. Oh, the  crab fried rice is so delicious as well.  Seems they don't do delivery any more, but I would rather walk 15 minutes for the food.  The waitresses are very patient and nice as well. I really hope they open a branch in city center, hahaa
I used to live right by this place and would get Togo alllllllll the time! My healthy-ish choice was the chicken noodle bowl-I usually had enough for lunch leftovers the next day. Also loved the Cajun pasta, and the curry meatball or chicken lemongrass sandwiches. They usually have a daily special, but you have to ask or see on the board.
Southeast Bistro is truly my comfort spot, one of my most reliable and constant friend in Philly. If you're looking for an affordable, good quality, flavorful and not too greasy dinner, this is the spot! 

Must-trys:
1) Crab fried rice: they place a whole fried soft shell crab on top of more crab with each bite in the rice!!! It's admittedly not that flavorful but I would say that's one of its best features, not too overpowering to leave you queasy with too much crab taste, but also subtle enough to really feel the crab flavor infused into each bite. It's also not typically oily like regular fried rice you'll find at other restaurants. 

2) Thai sweet chili wings: amazing. never fails me. crispy enough, flavorful enough.

3) bbq pork bahn mi: this is my friends' favorite, not necessarily mine from the menu but still really good and hefty portions.The pork is really juicy and the vegetables are all really fresh.

4) shrimp Cajun pasta: i love cajun anything, but this pasta is a buttery flavor blast of cajun, so good but also probably the least value item in the menu in terms of bang for your buck. 

Other people get their seafood boils. I've gotten them before, and I liked the cajun crawfish, but it's just not a lot of meat bc it's crawfish so some of my friends do not opt for the boils. 

Their thai iced tea is also bomb, really sweet but super creamy and good.

The service is always really good and there's hardly ever a wait even on weekend nights. Perfect place to take a group of friends who's visiting Philly!!
Chicken pho - broth had a refreshing, clean taste.  The chicken was very tender.  It came with side of citrus sauce to put into the pho!

BBQ Pork Bahnmi - the pork was tasty and the portion size was what I expected. All the ingredients were fresh.  The bread/roll was soft.

Sweet potato fries ($4.50) - fries were warm and came with a side of spicy mayo.  

Would I go back?  I wouldn't mind.  Wouldn't go out my way to go there.

FYI....place is BYO
We got the roll sampler (it came with tofu summer roll, shrimp summer roll, 4pcs of spring rolls, and lobster summer roll), korean bbq ribeye bun, extra spicy seafood combo, and side of sweet potato fries. Other than their peanut sauce (it was a bit too sweet), they were all delicious!!! Their customer service was great and their recommendations were spot on. For anyone visiting Philly, you should definitely try this place out! They're sooo goood. *Drool*
I dropped my wallet outside the restaurant and the Owners found it and left a note on my car for us to connect so I could get it back. I'm so grateful for their kindness and can't wait to order dinner tonight!
A big thumbs up to this place.

I loved everything I ordered here. The flavors are bold, the ingredients are fresh, the portion size is generous and the prices are very reasonable. What else can you ask for? Oh, and the service is warm and amazing.

Loved: Salt & pepper chicken wings, shrimp summer rolls

I hear this place is BYOB. I'll be sure to suggest it for my next group gathering.

I have every intention to become a regular here.
Bistro Southeast has some fierce takeout game! Love that they're making an effort to reduce waste: folks can ask for no bag (i.e., BYO bag) and no utensils/napkins. This made our effort to #SupportLocal feel even better!

As it was our first time eating with Bistro Southeast, we tried their spring rolls (oh so crispy!), chicken phö (wonderful flavor, super tender chicken), Bistro southeast wings (crispy, well-seasoned skin), and lemongrass pork belly bánh mí (perfectly delicious!). Will order all four menu items again, though we will have to work our way through the various wings offered and the seafood looks fantastic, too!

We brought an insulated, reusable bag with us, which may have helped keep our pickup takeout order hot on the walk home. Likewise, our phö stayed hotter than previous takeout phö because of it and because the chicken and noodles were pre-cooked.
Disagree with the guy below whom I call my husband. I'd give it a 4-5 stars because I would totally come back for more seafood (maybe go for medium spicy instead of mild). We would definitely try the soft shell crab buns next time and the fried rice and the wings.
This is my go-to spot if I'm in the mood for delicious Asian food and don't want to venture too far (it's a 15 minute walk from home). I've consistently gotten good food from here and the service is great; the ladies are always accommodating and greet you with a friendly smile.

My boyfriend enjoys getting the chicken pho and it's a generous portion for around $9. The broth is flavorful without being oversalted or MSG'd. I'm a big big fan of the summer rolls; they're 2 very large rolls stuffed with fresh veggies and herbs. I often will do summer rolls and an appetizer for a light dinner and always leave full.

I love the Bistro SouthEast is so close and that their menu is extensive. Their cooking hasn't let me down so I'm always eager to try new dishes. I almost always see at least one table doing a seafood boil and will definitely try that soon.
Hello seafood lovers, Bistro SouthEast could well be your food heaven! They offer different choices of massive quantity seafood combos, which could include shrimp, clamps, mussels, alaskan snow crabs, crawfish, and some other non seafood options. Those choices also range from 2 people sizes to 3-4 people sizes. 

Meanwhile, they also are rich in their southeast Asian dishes, such as Banh Mi, summer rolls, or Thai sweet chili chicken wings. 

When we went on a Saturday evening, it was so crowded that we had to sit by the bar. During the entirety of our meal, I counted about five groups of people coming in to pick up big quantity of seafood combos to go. Looks like those combos are good party food too!

The waitresses were friendly and accommodating. We had a wonderful time.
I'm surprised at how easy I could get a table here this weekend given how awesome this place is - BYOB, excellent fusion food, what's there not to love?

Be sure to try their lunch mainstays like the fish Po boy, spring rolls and Vietnamese iced coffee.

For dinner, try any of the seafood combos with Cajun seasoning. And get the crab fried rice too.

The food is very fresh, and very fairly priced.
I was in the mood to try something new for lunch in the city, so my boyfriend and I decided to stop in here. I'm glad we did! It's a quaint restaurant that has good food and fair prices. Upon walking in, we immediately snagged the table seat near the window. We ordered the Spring Rolls appetizer, Lemongrass Pork Belly Bahn Mi, the Soft Shell Crab Buns and an iced coffee. 

The order of Spring Rolls came with 4 total. There was shrimp, pork and vegetables inside them. I like how the ingredients were chopped up rather than in it's original form. Example, some spring rolls are served with whole shrimps. In my opinion, this makes it more difficult to eat. The rolls also came with a side of this delicious sweet sauce! I'm definitely asking for more of it on my next trip here. 

On to the entrees! The flavors in the bahn mi were incredible. I do suggest that they consider putting more lemongrass and less carrots. My favorite thing was the steamed buns. The soft-shell crab covered in this wasabi cream sauce was to die for! Lastly, I ordered the iced coffee as a dessert rather than drinking it with my meal. I've had a ton of Vietnamese iced coffees in my life. From my experience, most places sweeten them way too much. Bistro SouthEast's though was the perfect amount of sweetness. At first sip, you get a light condensed milk taste. Then the coffee hits you with the after taste. I would absolutely order this again. 

For our first visit, my boyfriend and I were satisfied. We are already planning what we're ordering for our next visit!
Really clean place. Had lunch there with my parents. The music was definitely someone's playlist, and I liked it, but not sure my parents did. The food was really hot, made within a reasonable time frame. When we were there, a lot of people came in for take-out orderWill definitely go back.
Affordable, fresh, tasty, and colorful. I could keep going on. We went ballistic and  sampled a good portion of the menu family style (salt & pepper shrimp, noodle bowl, chicken pho, crab fried rice, shrimp & pork potstickers, lemongrass beef skewer, soft shell crab buns, mango sticky rice, spring rolls, rice plate, etc..there were a few more in there). I have to say the food was delicious and a joy to eat. 

My favorites:

1)  crab fried rice -- I will usually never talk about a restaurant's fried rice, but the crab flavor really came through and it was so delicious that I'm still thinking about it the next day.

2) pot stickers -- same as above, I usually don't write home about this but it was packed with meat and very filling.

3) that chicken pho broth though....SO GOOD. just wish it came with a beef brisket option & more cilantro. 

Other dishes like the spring rolls, mango sticky rice, salt & pepper shrimp, and noodle bowl were all solid and things I would happily order again as well.

Things I liked less: Lemongrass beef skewer (good but a little on the drier side), soft shell crab buns (couldn't taste the crab as much).

It's a great place to try as a group so that you can sample a wide variety of dishes. Also it was priced so well! I'd love to come back and try the lobster fried rice + more of the seafood items.
I stopped by here for takeout last week and ordered some spring rolls and a rice plate. We live in the neighborhood and eat here often, but we won't be returning anymore. We saw the cooks making our food without gloves and as they were rolling up the spring rolls, they were eating dinner with their hands. They placed their food to the side on the same board and did not wash their hands before going back to finishing our dinner. I am shocked by their unsanitary practices, especially during Covid-19! I hate to say this but public health needs to investigate and management needs to emphasize hand hygiene to prevent cross contamination. This is the food that customers are eating!
This is one of our favorite local places to grab some delicious Asian fusion food.  The crab fried rice and wings are some of the best around and they aren't too greasy and don't leave you feeling bloated afterwards.  The crab fried rice in particular is filled with tons of lump crab meat and topped with a perfectly fried soft shell crab.  We also love getting the pork bahn mi which has deliciously grilled pork with just the right amount of char, topped with pickled vegetables on a toasted roll.  The blend of flavors is perfect and you'll definitely want another one afterwards.  We haven't tried the steamed seafood because the prices always seem a little bit steep, but given the quality of the other food we've had, we'll eventually cave and give it a go.

Also, the owners are incredibly nice and hospitable and make sure you are enjoying your meal at Bistro SouthEast.

Since the food is cooked to order, the wait can be a little long during busy hours, so plan/call ahead.

Enjoy!
Tldr: get the seafood boil!!

This is Viet-Cajun style casual joint with the best. There aren't many places across philly that do a seafood/crab style boil so I was very excited to try it out. I got combo #3 which is 4 lbs of seafood (clams, crab, crawfish, shrimp), with corn, potatoes, and sausage. I think ~$55 for this is a really fair price, and this feeds 3-4. 

The combo comes in a large bag, and they provide bibs, wet wipes, and the crackers for the crab claws. The seasoning is a Cajun-asian sauce, which was very buttery, garlicky and can be adjusted to your spiciness level. I recommend getting some rice to soak up the sauce--it's that good! They offer some other combos that I am eager to try, and I highly recommend this place!
Full disclosure - this review is based on delivery. 

I've been ordering delivery from Bistro SE for about 6 months, and it's my favorite. Delivery is so quick and the people are super friendly.  Just last night the gentleman called me when he arrived at my building, so I say great, we'll be right down.  My SO was already downstairs so he approached to get the order and our delivery guy calls me back to make sure some dude wasn't trying to steal my dinner.  
The spring rolls are crispy on the outside have great texture on the inside.  Ya know how spring rolls can get a mushy / muddy texture (frozen cabbage) NOT THESE - no way!! They are perfect. 
We also love the dumplings, rice platters, the noodle plate and seafood dinners.  Seriously, there's not a bad choice.  There's a lemony clear sauce that accompanies the pho that I am seriously in love with.  
I haven't darkened the door here and I will at some point.  But for now the food speaks for itself and travels beautifully.
When I am in the mood for a tofu bahn mi this is my go-to spot. I think of them first and sometimes specifically crave their version of this delicious sandwich. Their tofu is good and the spicy jalepenos and curry seasoning are out of this world. 

I've had the summer rolls here, which are also pretty great. Portion is huge so plan to share. 

Service is ok but could be a little faster. I think both times I caught them shortly after opening and they don't quite seem ready to get started when they decide to open the doors.
For awhile I only ordered their seafood boil with Cajun seasoning. I was addicted. I've since tried many other things on the menu. I highly recommend their steamed bao with soft shell crabs, chicken pho, southeast salad and again, seafood boil with Cajun seasoning. Love love love
