This is one of my favorite establishments in Philadelphia and probably one of the first I would recommend looking for a great meal or a date night. I've been coming here for years- the first being a restaurant week date night when I was dating my husband. Over the years I've visited for numerous special occasions including Valentines day, birthdays and anniversaries. It's hard not to come back for these occasions- if you sign up for the VIP club they send you anniversary and birthday offers each year.

Another notable thing about Bistro Romano is the happy hour. From 5-7 every Monday- Thursday they offer free appetizers and discounted drinks. It's not a poor quality buffet. Each customer sitting at the bar will receive a small plate of whatever the chef decides to make that day. Often I've seen calamari, one piece of lobster ravioli and bruschetta. Sometimes the chef uses it as a time to test new ideas. Top quality samples! Classics by Frank Sinatra can usually be heard in the background. The bartender has been working there for as long as I can remember and is always attentive and friendly. Take note of the gorgeous historic bar.

Downstairs is the main dining room and it lives up to the awards it's received of "most romantic". The ambiance is dark and candle lit and the tables are intimate.

On to the food. Try the Caesar salad. Just do it. It's made for two and made in front you. Sadly my husband is not a Caesar salad eater so I only get this great opportunity when we dine out with others. Very often they will give a small appetizer sample- similar to what is served during happy hour. My biggest problem at Bistro Romano is that there are two dishes that I love and I barely stray from my staples. The Veal Melanzane is "lightly breaded veal baked with fresh eggplant, roasted peppers, marinara sauce and topped with mozzarella cheese."  Then there is the lobster ravioli which is served in a succulent sherry cream sauce. On the rare occasion that there is room for dessert, might I recommend the tira misu.

They have some great week night specials like pasta Monday ($12.95 for a house salad and any pasta dish) and WOW Wednesday ($33.95 for any appetizer, entree and dessert). From time to time they will send the VIP club/fb fans special 3 course offers with a free drink and opportunity to save $20 on the next trip. They treat their VIPs well.

After writing this review I'm a little anxious for my next visit. Hope you can make it too!
Ate at the private wine cellar. 
Pros: such a classy and romantic feel as soon as you walk in. Service was spot on, personal, and excellent suggestions. Food is delectable. The cannoli was THE BEST I've ever had. Lovely and would return every chance I can. 
Cons: good luck finding one.
This has been on my list to try forever and I can not believe this was my first here and I was not disappointed. I can honestly say this is a super romantic old school place. When you walk in there is cute wine themed decor. I love they post the menu on wine corks. A wine lovers dream not to mention, the full wall of wine bottles in the lounge. 

We got super lucky and asked to be seated in the wine cellar and they were more than happy to accommodate our request and waived the $25.00 fee.  ( thought the whole downstairs was the wine cellar but its not ) The room is super romantic, only candle lights and the table had beautifully scattered fresh rose petals and gold chargers. This room can only fit 4 people. Its a little cozy but adds to the ambience. 

Once we were seated, we got to met Branden the restaurant manger. He was very hospital and made us feel right at home. Elena was our server and I highly recommend requested her if shes there. She was super attentive, answered all our questions and really knew the menu. You could tell she really enjoys her job and knows what to recommend. 

We started off with fresh hot homemade italian bread. Our first course was pistachio crostini, delicious and had a good garlicky taste, not too over powering. Our second course we shared the calamari, octopus and parmesan sformatto. Everything was delicious, I do not like octopus but everyone else seemed to enjoy it. The calamari was lightly breaded and the marinara sauce on the bottom was amazing. For our meals, we ordered veal saltambocca, gnocchi made in house, and the braised pork shank. I really enjoyed the gnocchi, and I tasted the pork and it was so yummy, soft fall off the bone and very tasty. I do not eat veal but hubby and our friend said it was really good. 

For dessert we shared tiramisu, chocolate cake and the lemon tart. It was my husbands birthday and they decorated his plate and Branden brought us homemade lemonchillo. So nice and a great touch to celebrate his birthday. 

I highly recommend this place and I can not wait to go back.
I dont generally do perfect.  Something can always be better.  In this case I dont want to mince words or reduce for something trivial....Bistro Romano is perfect.  Service, Food, Wine, Ambiance the works...Perfect.  What better place to bring the perfect woman.  Sugar and I out on the town requires, no demands, perfection.  To see her through my eyes is to see a woman of everlasting beauty, unsurpassed class and immense intelligence. I wanted something special.  

Sugar and I wanted someplace special for our night. Our requirements included a quiet location away from the fray. Bistro came as a recommendation from a friend.  
I elected to give them a shot and I couldnt be happier.  

We arrived at 840 for our 9PM seating in the "wine cellar".  Yes you can rent their wine cellar for the evening.  This is a secluded table for two out of the main dining room, dimly lit and perfect to pay attention to the right things.  Do yourself a favor focus on her.  I did.  

We had a drink at the bar and were escorted to our table.  They did everything just right and as I had asked.  We enjoyed a Super Tuscan that was exquisitely recommended and described to us by our Sommolier.  CJ is a FANTASTIC waiter.  Request his services for the evening.  He led us around the menu, provided phenomenal attention and was a highlight of the night.  Braised Short Rib Agnolotti is now my fave...so flavorful and delicate and robust all at the same time.  There really are no bad choices on the menu.  

All of that simply enhanced the evening as I was with Her.  She knocks me over with her beauty, intelligence and charm.  She kills me with her attention and very simply owns my heart and soul.  She makes the evening.  But go and see these folks if you want to treat a woman like Her the right way, they go a very long way to help.
I've been here several times at this point and figured it's time to review. Easily my favorite Italian spot in Philadelphia. Everything from the ambiance to the food to the service is on point, 100%. 

The restaurant itself is beautiful: candlelit, romantic, traditional, classic, cellar style dining.  The servers were well trained in explaining the specials, and very helpful to inquire with the chef if we had questions.

My boyfriend is uber picky everywhere we go, to the point where it generally drives me nuts. But he fell in love with everything they brought to our table. Even the olive oil for dipping was warm and garlic-y, and the mixed drinks well balanced. We ordered stuffed mushrooms as an appetizer (brilliant and flavorful, stuffed with ground sausage and topped with a hearty Gorgonzola cream sauce) and split the pork chop entree, stuffed with figs and cheese, with a vegetable dish on the side. Even though we split it, there was still enough to take home. 

We enjoyed ourselves so much that we barely noticed the hour, but they never rushed us once, and even let us take our drinks to the bar to have a look around. The bar, by the way, is gorgeous. It's like a giant gothic alter of booze and style.

You can tell by now, I love this place. If you want to impress in laws, pop the big questions, or just find a quiet spot with AMAZING food, this is it. This.Is.IT. Stop looking, because it's right here.
This place was romantic AF and I would definitely return. For some reason I expected a really outdated, tacky, used to be cool in the 90s spot, but it was classy and beautiful. The building is gorgeous and historical and there's even murder mystery dinners hosted here, which I would love to check out.

We came for restaurant week on Saturday night and luckily were able to snag a seat in the wine cellar. It was crowded but still felt intimate. The exposed brick, ceiling joists and stone spiral staircase gave it a real Napa Valley meets Beauty and the Beast vibe. We didn't get the private cove with the rose petals and candlelight (I'm assuming that's reserved for the occasional proposal), but I feel like any seat here would still feel special, as did ours.

We ended up not even ordering off the restaurant week menu once we saw how great their regular menu looked. They have a HUGE wine list by glass and bottle, even offering those pricy $250 wine bottles. That night they offered a list of $30 bottles for restaurant week, so we chose that and got a delicious Pinot Gris to pair with just about anything.

To start, we got the mussels appetizer which came in a broth and served in a shallow bowl with crostinis. It was a little on the small side for two people, but adequate enough and totally delicious to boot. That broth was like crack. Buttery, sweet, fennel-ey... heaven. I wish I could've gotten a soup based on that broth alone. It took everything in my power to not slurp the bowl.

For entrees, I ordered the duck breast and my BF got the seafood hot pot/stew in a tomato broth (I forget the fancy name). My duck breast was delectable, cooked perfectly with a nice char, and served with a smooth butternut squash puree, sweet potatoes and red wine demi glace. (I paired a white wine with a red wine sauce, sue me, but it tasted just fine). After saying I wouldn't finish it, I slopped up the whole thing in minutes. Honestly, if you told me it was a cut of steak, you could've fooled me, it was that good. 

My BF's seafood dish was good, but not great, hence the -1 star. The clams were the only really tasty part, but the shrimp, calamari and mussels were nothing to really write home about. The tomato broth was good and had a spicy kick, but honestly tasted like my mom's Manhattan clam chowder. Which is fine, but I expected a little more elevated of a dish for this type of establishment and at those prices.

Their dessert/after dinner drinks menu was quite expansive. Most were your usual Italian desserts (cannoli, tiramisu, etc.), but we opted for the Hazelnut and Pistachio Semifreddo, which was delicious and a perfect way to end the meal. It was texturally diverse, sweet, yet light and airy.

Our server, Frank, was as perfect as they come, as were all the waiters dipping in and out to refill waters, clear dishes, etc. The girls next to us had a minor complaint about something and the manager personally came out to apologize and even took an entree off their bill, which I thought was very nice and professional.

 I can't wait to return again.
We went here to Bistro Romano last night  to celebrate our first anniversary.  Loved the ambience of the private wine cellar room.  Very romantic and cozy for two.  

A couple of disappointments;  we couldn't have the table side caesar salad. I guess the private room was too small to bring in the table that would hold all the things needed to prepare it that way.  But our waitress had them make it in the back, and it was the most delicious caesar salad I've ever had.  Ever.

Also, something went wrong with the booking of the room and  we were not too happy.  Well, we left there happy.  The manager came over and everything was done to remedy the situation and make our dining experience relaxing, pleasant and romantic.

Our server was attentive without being intrusive.  She was very friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.  Also, the person who kept our water glasses filled and cleared away dishes was right on point.

I had the swordfish special, and I thought it was amazing, just really delicious.  My husband had veal parmesan.  It was a big portion! He thought his was very good as well.  I did not taste the chocolate torte dessert he ordered, but he said it was rich and full of all the flavor you want from a dessert like that..

At the end, some random young man on staff even took a picture for us to commemorate our anniversary dinner.

So yes, we'd recommend this to friends and family without hesitation.  You go to a restaurant for great food, but we also relieved excellent service from every member of their team.
We visited recently for restaurant week. Reservations were easy enough to setup through Open table though I booked about two weeks in advanced. I called about a day later to inquire about a cellar table (you must call to book) and there were none available for my desired date and time (completely understandable) I was contacted a couple of days before my reservation to confirm, which I am sure is a must during restaurant week due to so many reservations. Overall the staff were exceedingly polite and efficient, before and during our visit.

I loved the storefront with lush greenery and a set of adorable bistro tables. It was so inviting I almost wanted to have dinner there (I know the bistro tables are TOO small). Upon entering we were greeted by a host while another employee finished taking a reservation. We were then taken to a small table across from a booth. It was a strip leading to the kitchen or server area which meant there were only two-seater tables on the left and booths on the right, which made our dinner experience semi-private. Some time ago, I read an article on yahoo's front page about Bistro Romano being one of America's 100 most romantic restaurants and with its dim lighting, exposed brick walls and crisp clothes adorning the tables this is the perfect setting for a cozy romantic date night and I couldn't agree more.

Restaurant Week was one well-oiled machine. While the service did not feel rushed, the timing was precise and made sure the process moved along quickly. We were greeting with whipped ricotta and citrus honey on two thin slice of baguette. It was a nice bright beginning. I paired my 3-course meal with their bistro wine flight (choice or red or white) and my fiancé enjoyed a cocktail and beer. The wine list (book actually) for bottles is expansive and PRICEY. The beer list was tiny as expected in an Italian restaurant.

For starters, I a chose the salad (obviously) and my fiancé the calamari. The salad was zesty and enjoyable. The calamari portion was more than fair and they were lightly battered and fried to perfection. For my entrée, I went with a safe and ever so carby option: pappardelle. It was nice and tender and the sauce was nice and meaty. The fresh grated cheese was a flavorful touch. I had food envy over my fiancés lobster raviolis. Make sure you or someone in your party orders this. The pasta is thin and the flavor is all fresh lobster in a cream sauce. MMM. For dessert, I can never pass on tiramisu and my fiancé went with the cannoli. The servings were large and while I enjoyed both the tiramisu was a bit mushy. A topping of shaved chocolate could have saved the texture.

Suggestions: Update the quality of your house wines, especially the flights. I know these are supposed to be a cheaper option hence choosing cheaper offerings but you didn't have to go bottle of the barrel with options like Zonin and Beringer. Yuck. Also, my meal would have been perfect but I never received the remaining portion of my pappardelle. I saved room for dessert. Don't ask me if I would like it wrapped up to go only to never bring it back L. By the time I remembered, I had made it back to the car.

Note: perfect date night spot. And remember to call for the cellar tables.
I had a wonderful Date night with my girlfriend at Bistro Romano. The dining room is a romantic basement setting. They keep everyone socially distanced and with the various partitions we didn't even see any other patrons as we ate. It felt like we had the restaurant to ourselves, except for when we heard laughter from another room.

The food was delicious. We started with the beef short rib croquets. A fried ball of juicy short rib with a tasty aoli. I scarfed my portion down fast. Then it was on to the entrees. My entrée was the veal saltimbocca. It's a dish with veal & cheese over mashed potatoes with gravy. When it first arrived I thought it was too much food to eat in one sitting. But once I started eating I could not stop. It was so good. The veal was perfectly cooked and everything meshed together perfectly. For dessert we shared a carrot cake. The cream cheese icing was literally dripping down the sides. It was the perfect size for 2 to share and made for a delectable sweet treat to end the meal.

Before this visit I hadn't been to Bistro Romano for a few years. But I have been here a few times over the past decade.  With all the great restaurants in Philly  it's hard for me to visit the same restaurant twice, let alone a few times. But Bistro Romano has been consistently great, making it worth multiple visits.
[881]

This review is for the murder mystery show which is upstairs.   I did not eat in the main restaurant which looked beautiful.

The food was good. 
The package came with:
- 1 piece of bruschetta
- cup garlic potato cream soup
- Caesar salad
-grilled chicken w/ risotto (really good)
- some type of fudge /chocolate cake square.


Murder Mystery-
The seating is HORRIBLE.  We were squished into long tables so once I sat in my seat I was NOT able to get up or I had to ask 4 people to slide out.  I couldn't scoot back so glad I was not a larger person. It was really tight like "wrong we paid so much to be squished" tight.

There was a stage which was not used. The actors were in the middle of the room so we had to look over other peoples heads.   They should have use the stage for table so we could have room to move.  The space was empty.

The story line needed to be worked on as when the murderer was revealed I thought "that was dumb".

There was newspaper type print out that we read to get  the back story.  That was cool.

Parking - We parked in a paid lot down the street which was fine.

I will NOT be back for the murder mystery but I would like to go back and try the restaurant food.  I really enjoyed my chicken/risotto.
Bistro Romano has amazing decor!  Once you walk in, you feel like you've been instantly transported to a beautiful, romantic, cozy brick wine cellar. 

We started off with the calamari and the clams/mussels appetizer.  The calamari was perfect - crispy and not greasy at all.  I only wish they gave us more.  The clams/mussels were decent but I wouldn't order them again.

For the entree, I had the rigatoni bistro which was delicious!!  Huge portion & creamy, cheesy goodness w/ my faves mushrooms & broccoli.  My bf had the duck which he devoured quickly.  

Unfortunately we were too full for dessert =(  Instead of a dessert menu, the waiter comes by with a tray of the night's desserts -  all looked delicious!
Wow, I don't even know where to begin.  It was a nice romantic setting.  Not only was the service wonderful, but the food was absolutely amazing.  I recommend the pescitore!  To die for.  Couldn't have asked for a better meal.
My boyfriend and I went to Bistro Romano for Valentine's Day dinner and were overall pleased with our decision. The restaurant has a very romantic and intimate feel which make it a wonderful date spot especially given the occasion. 

They were offering a 5 course meal for Valentines Day which came to $78 per person. 

For my first course, I got the Lobster Bisque and my boyfriend got the Marinated Beet Tartare. While the Lobster Bisque was good, the Marinated Beet Tartare was better. Unique in taste and very fresh. The Lobster Bisque tasted about the same as any I have had before. 

For my second course, I got their well known Caeser Salad. I had gotten the Caeser Salad before and really enjoyed it so there was no question about getting it again! Although I was initially happy with my decision, after taking a bite of the Pork and Proscuitto Cotto Terrine Wrapped in Speck that my boyfriend got, I immediately wished I had chosen that instead. The Pork and Proscuitto was AMAZING. It made my salad feel rather boring! 

For my third course, I chose the Ravioli di Aragosta. The ravioli was stuffed with lobster and was rather rich coated with lobster cream. I tried the Braised Veal Pappardelle that my boyfriend got which was also good. The mushrooms that were added to it were my favorite part, although very few and small in size. 

For our fourth course I got the Seared Salmon and he got the Filet which came with Filet Mignon and Jumpo Shrimp. The Salmon was incredible. It was seasoned very well and came with this Cauliflower Jam that was to die for. I couldn't stop raving about it! While the Filet Mignon was good, it tasted like any average steak you would get. The Jumbo Shrimp was pretty fresh and tasty. Overall, we both agreed that the Salmon took precedence to the Filet, primarily because of the Cauliflower Jam. It was so delicious! My boyfriend even suggested to the waiter that they start including it in all of their meals! :P

For dessert, we chose to get one Wild Berry Tart and one Profiteroles which came with pastry cream and chocolate sauce. To be honest, neither of the desserts really did anything for me. They were lacking in flavor and rather subpar. 

While we both agreed that this was a wonderful date night spot, I could only see ourselves returning for a special occasion. While some of our dishes were very delicious (i.e.: Pork and Proscuitto Cotto Terrine and Seared Salmon with Cauliflower Jam), others were just mediocre. I would be more likely to choose to return here for the beautiful ambience than for the food.
Weeknights are great here. Specials Monday - Wednesday and email specials as well. Food and service are excellent and the wine list is extensive. Wednesday after five there is free city parking.
Don't forget to give them your e-mail for the quite specials.
To be clear, my rating is based on my experience with the Murder Mystery Dinner.  I cannot speak to the restaurant itself, though I can say that I wished several times during the night that I was simply a dinner guest and not a show guest.

Have you ever had small children put on a "play" for you?  One that they made up say....10 minutes ago?  They don't know their lines and they aren't exactly great actors and the plot is loose at best, but they're kids and they are adorable so you enjoy yourself nonetheless.  That's what this is, only take out the part about them being kids and adorable, and therefore the part about enjoying yourself.

Plot.......practically nonexistant.
Actors......I wouldn't even call them that (except the one guy, who happened to also write the play.  He can act.  He can't write.)

The actors didn't know their lines.  It was painfully obvious and super uncomfortable, especially when other actors tried to fill in the blanks for them and they would all just stumble to a point where they could agree and then move on to the next botched line. It often felt like they were making it up as they went along. Towards the end it was like they weren't even trying any more.  

The murder came out of nowhere.  And allow me to also say that I use "murder" lightly.  The character who was killed managed to stay on its feet and talk for what felt like hours after being killed.  

They had us guess who we thought the murderer was but that was just it - a guess.  There was nothing to figure out.  No hints had been dropped.  Like, none.  None at all.  There was no suspense.  You really had no reason to believe that any of the characters had - or had not - been the murderer.  When it was revealed at the end, I got the sense that the role of the murderer changes with each performance - something that could be easily done when the reason for the murder is so loose. 

Also, prior to the reveal one of the characters came out under the guise of helping us "figure out" how to solve the murder, but it ended up being a huge play for tips.  It was pushed so much, in fact (they went as far as to suggest $10 per person would be a reasonable amount), that it ended up being offensive....especially since we were told when making reservations that our price of entry included gratuity.

The only thing saving this from being a 1-star is the food.  It tasted good, but I did get violently ill within an hour of eating, and for several hours after I got home.  Maybe its because they keep their caesar salad station positioned right outside of the bathroom.  That has GOT to be a violation of the health code.
I'm smitten.
Amazing food, excellent service, and a beautiful decor.

I took my lady for her birthday dinner and reserved the Wine Cellar table (which, by the way, is quite possibly one of the coziest seats in Philly). The room was prepared with rose petals on the white linens, candle light, and quaintly isolated from the rest of the room...a perfect romantic setting.

The food was amazing. Presentation on all courses was well done, and done with care. Selection was broad enough to cover staples, yet offer variations to classics and hints of contemporary concepts. I was pleased beyond words at the overall taste of our selections. 

The decor is wonderful. Warm and timeless. Service was attentive and helpful with any and all of our inquiries (and quite good at creating our tableside Caesar salad by light of only 2 candles, bravo!).
 
Parking was nearby, and plentiful, even on a weekend night. I believe they even validate for the nearby garages. They're located close to carriage rides on 2nd St., just to put that finishing touch on your romantic evening.
Cannot say enough good things about our dinner tonight ! The wine was great, and food was delicious especially the carpaccio appetizer. After seeing the Caesar salad made table side I wish I would have ordered that. Loved the way the restaurant was set up with the downstairs seating - hope to get a reservation in the wine cellar next time we visit. I highly recommend this restaurant and will be going back!!
First time at Bistro Romano was on a first date. The restaurant is not on the main street where all the modern-ish restaurants are, but this makes the entrance into what must be a very historic spot very special. Just walking in, I felt like we were in some enchanted place. I was captured by the beautiful, rustic feel and the romantic ambiance of the inside. We were seated at a table next to the stone-finished wall. Our spot was both spacious and cozy. We could have a conversation easily between ourselves but we not at all far removed. 

Service was spot on and the food was excellent. To start, we ordered the Caesar Salad which they prepare table side. Even though many of us probably know what goes into a Caesar Salad, preparing it there as well as including one or two unique ingredients of their own (I'll let you discover that for yourselves) gives the dish an added edge. For entrees, we both ordered the Black Lobster Ravioli in a light sherry cream sauce. I don't order ravioli that often but reading a few reviews ahead of time, many recommending this dish, this definitely seemed like the time to. The decision was undoubtedly a great one. I think when you go to a restaurant like this with such a strong "authentico" Italian feel, order authentic. 

The combination of the romantic Italian style grotto setting, the wonderful service, delicious food and great company made for an amazing evening.
Looking to find a intimate spot for a special dinner, I found Bistro Romano compliments of Open Table.  When we walked in and were quickly seated downstairs, I realized Open Table knew what it was talking about.  The lighting really set the mood, while the seating arrangement ensured privacy.  One minor point is that the lighting is all electric instead of candle lit, however, it didn't take anything away from environment.

We started with a pair of apps: the Suppli al Telefono and Artichoke Hearts Capri.  The Suppli was lightly breaded and cooked to a crispy perfection while the Hearts were covered with a nice creamy cheese.  Portions on the Hearts were good, but the Suppli seemed a bit small.  Regardless, they were both delicious.

Next up, our mains.  The evening special was a perch with grape tomatoes and capers.  I've never had perch so had been a little concerned, but it turned out to be my favorite of the night.  JJ had the lobster ravoli (8 pcs), which was covered in another smooth cream sauce.  The portions on both entrees were more than fair and we ended up boxing up a bit of both for later enjoyment.

Finally, you can't come to an Italian place with trying the tiramisu.  Again, the portion was very fair and the favors top quality.  It tasted extremely light, making it a perfect way to end the evening.

The only other thing worth mentioning is they do some type of parking validation.  Wish I knew ahead of time, as I ended up parking on the street blocks away.  No biggie, now I know for next time, and based on my experience, there will be a next time!
Bistro Romano = epitome of romance. 

Take your date here.. he/she will LOVE you for it. I agree w/others.. food wasn't the greatest but the experience & ambiance is well worth the price tag. Call ahead for reservations; it's not a huge restaurant but there are two floors. The main level includes the bar area with a pianist, while the downstairs level is much more rustic & romantic. That's also where you'll find the "special" private wine room. 

You won't be disappointed with the service. I was most impressed with the chocolate flourless cake dessert. My main course was pretty good but not excellent. The baked fish was a little dry; however, the risotto was fabulous. Great wine selection and they serve traditional Italian dishes. 

To reiterate, this is the place to come for excellent service + romantic ambiance. :)
Boyfriends, Husbands, Dates... want some advice? Want to REALLY score some points with your Hottie?

Then let me introduce you to the Private Cave Room at Bistro Romano.

Again, this is only a review for the *Private Wine Cellar*....

- Romantic and private setting with stone walls and dimmed lighting
- Your own little cave to do, touch or tickle as you please (Hey I'm just saying...)
- A+ service and charming waiters 
- Order for the lady...my suggestions are the Lobster Ravioli & Duck
- Their well known Caesar Salad is also a nice treat and fun to watch make (although it can be a bit too dressy and salty.. it does hit the spot)

I had the pleasure of eating here when my Fiance booked the Warm & Cozy  Private Wine Cellar on a cold night the day of our 1 year Anniversary. I was romanced and impressed and yes... he got lucky that night.

Now, go out and SCORE men!

;-)
This might be one of my longest reviews I have ever written, but the exceptional service of this restaurant deserves recognition. I had one-of-a-kind experience, and I want to spread the good word of Bistro Romano, far and wide. This past weekend, I found, undoubtedly, the BEST most romantic restaurant in Philadelphia. Just find me a date ( or not!) 

I had a rough work week, I was still on call, And I needed to go on a dinner date with myself. I had made a reservation for 8:30pm on Friday night, and arrived right on time. The host said there will be some waiting time for a table, and offered me a seat at the bar instead, as the full menu was also available there. I didn't mind, and went and sat on the bar, at the piano lounge.
While I was admiring the rustic, 20th century décor and listening to the pianist, I was still waiting for the menu, it took longer than it should. Andrew, the bartender, finally handed me the menu. I asked him if I can see the special menu, which I knew about from an email offer I received earlier. I put in my dinner order for Mozzarella e Insalata e Pomodoro, and Chicken Milanese.

No bread or butter was offered to me, while there were bread baskets on other tables. When I asked why I didn't get some bread, "Bread served only upon request at the bar, would you like some bread?" Andrew said. I declined, with a frown on my face. Not that I cared much for the bread, but it was the principle.

I really don't like miscommunications, especially when I got the short end of the stick. Anyhow, those who know me know that I'm always smiling, and also know that I'm an open book for everyone to see. I think Andrew realized how unsatisfied I was; he called Dan, one of the managers. Dan sincerely apologized for the miscommunication, and the situation it had caused. He took care of me and fixed the situation!!! I was seated immediately in the brick-walled, main dining room, in the Wine Cellar located in basement, in a very romantic secluded booth. Now we're talking!!!

A very attentive and courteous waitress, Elena, came and lit a candle on my table to " set the mood." A moment later, she brought out a bread basket, with olive oil infused with the house secret spices, and a touch of balsamic reduction, infused with the house secret spices. Then, I totally enjoyed the fresh and simple Insalata. It was so beautifully presented and delicious.  A large portion of delightful Chicken Milanese, was also so appetizing. It was lightly breaded, and pan-fried, moist and tender chicken. Oh my!

I was feeling indecisive for dessert. So Elena, set a plate with cannoli and tiramisu in front of me, and Limoncello on the house. "Enjoy" She said. Up to last week, I thought I didn't like tiramisu, till I had the killer homemade tiramisu, Elena was bragging about. I told her I never liked tiramisu before, and she said I will change my mind once I try theirs. She was absolutely right. Not to mention, the ricotta cheese cannoli was to-die-for!

With all that said, the special I mentioned earlier, was called "WOW Weekend at Bistro Romano."
That includes a three Course dinner, a complimentary glass of wine, champagne or beer, and $20 Grazie certificate, to be used on the next visit. And there will be another visit. 

I truly enjoyed the meal, because I'd forgotten the flaws that've been overwhelmed by the incredible and outstanding customer service.  I was so impressed with the way the situation was handled, and how much they strive for customer satisfaction. "When deeds speak, words are nothing."

I will be loyal, dates or without dates!  
Four and half Yelps.
I'm not sure why this restaurant doesn't have higher ratings. Here's the breakdown: portions here are insanely large, I always end up taking more than half my food home. The service is wonderful, the waitress once gave us tiramisu to go because I was too full by dessert (she got a great tip). The ambience is super romantic, it reminds me of a family vineyard I once dined in in the suburbs of Vienna, Austria. Beautiful rustic European charm.
What a restaurant! Bistro Romano is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. It's rare you find restaurants as intimate as this with reasonable pricing. Even with a packed room there's something about this place that is just relaxing. You can enjoy a meal and not worry about screaming over the table to friends. They have a simple menu, attentive service and great food. A great spot for dates as well as dinner with friends. 

One thing we thought was cool was the tableside caesar salad. Definitely worth it
Came in with a few of my girls for a girls night. 

My sister chose the spot and chose right with this restaurant! 

We arrived around 7pm to get seated since we have a reservation and we were seated right away. 

We ended up enjoying a few drinks, while we decided what to order. The dining room was dark but romantic and the staff were very good. 

We ended up getting a few Caesar salads, wedge salads and then we all ordered some type of pasta dish. They had large portions and everything tasted so fresh and delish. 

I would recommend coming here for either date night or just a time out with the girls or special event.
If you need a venue for a private party in Philadelphia without the outrageous prices and lack of compassion for a couple on a budget, THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO!!! This past weekend I had my engagement party in the upstairs private room at Bistro Romano. We had about 100 people for a cocktail reception. It was everything we imagined and more! I worked with Anthony, and he was so incredibly helpful. He made sure that everything I wanted for that day  was accommodated and perfected. When I got there, my mom wanted some more chairs and tables, they were quickly there to set up the room the way we wanted. The hor dourves were passed around all night and were delicious, bartender was friendly and personable. All the staff helping that night was there not only to cater to me. but  my parents and all my guest. We were able to bring a cake in from a bakery and without hesitation they cut it and served it all for us and even boxed up the rest for us to take and helped us bag up all our gifts. I can't express how at ease I was knowing they had everything taken care of. This is such a great location with a family feel. Parking for guest was an issue, but nothing a little circling around couldn't fix. Overall I was so happy and would have another event there in a second!
My husband and I have eaten here several times and we love it!  BEST Caesar salad I have ever had--they make it fresh at your table.  Definitely a must!  We have never been disappointed in their dishes and have always had a wonderful waiter!  The ambiance in the dining area is great!  Perfect for a date night :)
Bistro Romano has been our go to place for special dinners for about 12 years.  Last night stands out as the best one yet!  We ate in the cellar room, by candle light.  From start to finish the meal was amazing.  Caesar salad is a must have and prepared to perfection.  A special thank you to our server, Nolan, you were the icing on the cake.   Excited to go back to try more items on the re-vamped menu!
Horrible. How else can I say it............yeah, horrible. I had the "pleasure" of watching the murder mystery. Most of the hipsters I know are unemployed. The ones that were "acting" in this play, SHOULD have been unemployed. The only way I can really sum up the food is that its something that literally any ones mom could make in their home kitchen. Very bland and tasteless. Not really sure how this place has survived as long as it has but I can tell you with the restaurant "boom" in Philly, if this place doesnt get its act together then they ALL might be unemployed.
Amazing place. Stopped by here on my way from Tx to Boston. Arrived around 630 on a tuesday. Had no problems getting in. Although we did make a reservation. The service was amazing and the food superb! The lobster ravioli and creme brûlée was seriously good. They also have delicious bread and oil they bring out to ur table when you arrive. The area was very quaint and nice to walk around. Lots of little restaurants and shops. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone interested in a delicious meal. Price was pretty reasonable i think 15 for the lobster ravioli so not cheap but not ridicules either and the flavor and service was well worth it.
On what seemed like the one millionth snow day of this oh so lovely winter season, I trudged, climbed, swam and skated over to Bistro Romano to meet some friends for happy hour after seeing their "cheap drinks and free food" #OpeninPHL post.  Now normally I would consider a restaurant within a half mile of my apartment close.  But not on this day. By the time I got there I was soaked in snow, sweat and icicles. In short, I had earned as many $5 wines/cocktails/martinis or $2.50 drafts that my heart desired.

Now when I hear "free food" and "happy hour" in the same breath, I generally think of some sort of bacteria-laden peanut, crunchy bar snack situation.  But not at Bistro Romano.  It was like a never ending Italian appetizer fest (okay so it ended after 5 of them, but who's counting when you're drinking $5 wines) brought out on individual plates, so that I didn't have to worry about my ravenous husband getting to all the good stuff before I did.  Calamari! Bruschetta! Mussels! And more!  And the best news is is that I was told this wasn't just a snow day thing and that I could literally do this EVERY happy hour and spare myself the agony of walking through the city in snowpocalypse!  Hooray!

Bistro Romano, I think you are now my second favorite happy hour in the city (Sampan/Graffiti Bar, you will always be my number one watering hole after work.  Do not be threatened.).
Very good food, generous portions, great decor, nice romantic ambiance, reasonably priced, good service and in a nice neighborhood. What else can one ask for?  

Sorry for not being more specific, it's been awhile since I've been there (on a Philly visit, from NY), but we three enjoyed everything we ate and left very happy.
 
I would wholeheartedly recommend this establishment and next time I'm in the area I would love to return.
A lot of this review is thanks to our waiter who's name I believe was Norman. This was a surprise birthday dinner from my sweetie and he couldn't have picked better! First of all, the history of this place is awesome. Look it up. Secondly, they have a private wine cellar table you can reserve which my bf did. When we were escorted in, there were wine bottles everywhere signed by previous diners of the wine cellar. It was lit only by candle light and rose petals were scattered all over the table! It was GORGEOUS. 
Norman came right in and offered us drinks and let us get settled. There was fresh bread and olive oil that tasted like it was infused with something. Really tasty. My man and I split the stuffed mushrooms and a hot sausage app. Both were tasty. 
After much discussion with Norman, we decided to get the special Lamb ragu over fresh made pasta and the veal with spinach and mushrooms with a side of homemade linguine cause I wanted pasta too. They were SO good. Seriously, the good came out in a timely manner, and both dishes had amazing flavor. 
For dessert, we went with the tiramisu which they added two baby cannolis to. Again, it was delicious. Maybe because it was my birthday, or maybe because our waiter was just awesome, it seemed we were comped a couple things and despite the rest of the restaurant being fairly empty and it getting late we were never rushed .. my only complaint was off a bus boy who came in one and seemed to want us to speed up a bit, but he didn't show up again, so I don't hold it against them. 

All in all, very romantic and definitely the best birthday I've ever had.
Friends and I went to Bistro Romano for the murder mystery dinner. Cocktail hour started at 6 at the bar on the main level. They have complimentary platters of raw vegetables and dip and cheese and crackers. They also have mini meatballs and pigs in a blanket. During the cocktail hour, the actors walk around and interact with you. At 7:00, we were escorted upstairs for the dinner theater.

Food:
The menu was rolls and butter, salad, soup, choice of entrée (Rigatoni in a cream sauce with broccoli, chicken marsala, or salmon) and dessert. The salad was standard mixed greens with a balsamic vinaigrette. The lettuce was wilted but overall, it was a normal salad. The minestrone soup was extremely good and probably the best part of the meal. I had the rigatoni. Again, I thought it was decent but nothing special. A few friends ordered the chicken but no one was impressed. It was mediocre at best. I don't believe anyone ordered the salmon. For dessert, they served cheesecake; again good but nothing special. 

Service:
The actors work very hard. They not only act but also serve the food and take orders. They stay in character the entire time and interact with the guests throughout the meal. An intermission was taken during each course so you can eat and talk to the people at your table. 

Murder Mystery:
The mystery followed the Clue theme with a twist. Some people at the table were asked to be part of the play. Two friends had small speaking parts. The plot was entertaining. However, the "clues" given throughout the play had nothing to do with solving the mystery. I had a few glasses of wine during the evening and thought I may have missed something, but no one at the table solved the mystery. I was disappointed because I was paying extra attention and scribbling notes every time I detected a clue. At then end, three people guessed correctly. One of the three received a $25 gift certificate. I would have enjoyed it more if the clues led you to actually solve the crime. I heard they change the ending often to keep it entertaining but there has to be a better way.

Overall, if you are looking for something different to do with a group of people, Bistro Romano serves the purpose. Just be prepared to be underwhelmed by the food and try not to take the role of detective too seriously. 

One final tip, there is a parking garage up the street from the restaurant. Bistro Romano validates parking and it's only $10.
I can't decide if this place is actually a restaurant, or a giant psychological experiment testing the Emperor's New Clothes effect.

Read the Yelp reviews and reserved the cellar room for my wife's birthday. First of all, it wasn't a private table in the wine cellar like the website would lead you to believe - it's more like a broom closet in the downstairs dining room with old curtains trying desperately to hide the exposed pipes near the walls. Also it's hardly private - the rest of the dining room will peer curiously at you all night, wondering why you are dining in the closet. My wife's taller so she kept hitting her heard on whatever was behind the curtain, and she couldn't pull her chair out at all. Also, there was a random mirror next to our table that was pretty dirty.  At this point, I would've paid $15 to sit at any other table, but I wasn't going to let things ruin a special night.

The caesar salad... it was good, but it was just a caesar salad. With Romaine, croutons, and nothing else. They make it in front of you, but it's hardly worth twenty bucks (for two). 

My entree was actually pretty good - jumbo shrimp and seafood over rigatoni. The seafood was good, but some of the rigatoni was really undercooked, and I could tell it was standard dry pasta you can get anywhere, not fresh homemade pasta. My wife got the orechiette special and barely had two bites - it came with salmon and smoked salmon, seems like the type of "special" you come up with when the restaurant has ingredients they need to get rid of.

The hostesses were absolutely frigid, the servers and the woman that made the caesar salad were awesome and friendly all night. Three different mysterious men came by to ask if everything was okay, we didn't make a fuss, said everything was great. No need to give anyone a reason to mess with your food. 

Honestly we're pretty positive people and we still had a good time, but we weren't into the cellar room, nor the food. They also forgot to bring us our "to-go" leftovers of my wife's barely touched entree. I remembered as we were leaving, and asked for it. I think my wife wishes we had left it there. 

Maybe we're just not romantics, but I thought the whole affair was kind of cheesy.
We like this place, we've been going here for years. The host has also been there for years, and he is very courteous, polite and welcoming. We usually dine in the basement which is a nice cozy dining area with private booths. The ambiance is romantic and perfect for a special occasion type of dinner. 

Service is great.  Warm bread and olive oil precede your meal. If you order salad, they will bring a cart to your table and toss it in front of you any way your order it. The place is a bit pricey, but for a good quality flavorful meal and nice size portions, its worth it.

I ordered the White Truffle Gnocchi with parmigiano sauce, and shitake mushrooms. The dish was amazingly delicious, especially with the aroma of the truffle oil which was outstanding. Every bite was savoring! My husband ordered the Rigatoni Bistro with gorgonzola, parmesan and marscarpon cheeses, with wild mushrooms and broccoli. This dish was also very good. 

(BTW, there is FREE metered parking in Center City after 5pm on Wednesday evenings. The boundaries are from the Delaware River to the Schuylkill River and from Bainbridge to Spring Garden Streets.)

We will continue to visit this place. It is awesome!  Good job Bistro Romano!
Have been coming here for years. Love the romantic table in the wine cellar, but recently went with a large group for my birthday. They never disappoint. Great Happy Hour specials at the bar during the week, and service was right on. As usual, food was amazing.
So we went to the Murder Mystery Dinner, and here is what we thought:

The show- very funny (trully laugh out loud).  The plot barely made sense, really, but it was entertaining.  The actors were very amateur, even stumbled over their words but overall pulled it off.  This is not a broadway performance, by far.

The ambiance- not much; the place was packed to the brim- there was no elbow room, no room for the actors to act even, and I'm sure some people  had obstructed view (we were ok, though).

The food- was ok.  Not super gormet but not too Pragu, as I saw in an earlier comment- could be better and could be worse.  Service was extremely slow.  They actually ran out of soup bowls and served us soup in a cup (which was a smaller portion).

Overall impression-  I felt like the whole production was just a money-making machine.  They pack too many people, they overcharge somewhat.  What really got to me was that every 3 seconds the waiters would come up to ask if we wanted to buy more alcohol.  It was over the top.  And on top of that they announced suggested tipping.  That was in poor taste, I think.  Dont get me wrong, the waiters themselves were very nice, but I guess some things were beyond them.

Best part- very funny show. Great for a birthday celebration and group hangout. Might go again (that's why I gave it 4 stars).
It's been awhile since we visited so this review will not be very comprehensive.

We visited Bistro Romano for Valentine's Day. It was very very busy, as expected. It was a cozy little restaurant. There was a wine cellar with a dining area downstairs. We were seated on the main level. All the tables had rose petals sprinkled on top- a romantic touch. 

The servers were fantastic and the food was great, and we are definitely planning another visit back!!
While I am on my Italian restaurant review kick....lets spell it out for Bistro Romano...this is one great place.  

I went here with the whole fam to celebrate my Dad's birthday. So we were a big and hungry crowd (20 of us) and the waitress was very enthusiastic and accommodating. The great room upstairs was able to accommodate the size of our group as well as about 20 other patrons who were there to watch the Frank Sinatra impersonator. (yeah, my Dad's a serious "ol' blue eyes" fan).

All the food (salads, soups, entrees and desert of pumpkin bread pudding) was fantastic and the portions were so big that we all brought portions home. Would definitely go back and would recommend it to all.
I've got to hand it to this place, it really was as good as it gets. Portion sizes were very generous. My girlfriend and I went here for an anniversary date. We ordered soup & salad then an entree. Couldn't finish the entree. Lots of food for a fair price. The minestrone soup was one of the best I've ever had. Can't go wrong with anything here. 

Now to the service. We had 4 different people check up on us. Two of which were managers. It felt great to be in a place where the service was very attentive all around. 

Lastly, the romantic atmosphere made this experience top-notch!
I first heard of Bistro Romano from an acquaintance. When I checked out their website I discovered they offer a lobster special on Tuesday nights. For just $14.95 you get a green salad, whole lobster with butter, and small side of pasta (see my pics). My husband and I couldn't remember the last time we ate a whole lobster, so it was a nice, affordable indulgence. To be safe, reserve your lobster in advance when you make reservations.

We ended the night with profiteroles that were smothered in chocolate mousse. Yum! Sorry, no picture of dessert because if you can imagine they didn't look very appetizing (round balls covered in brown goop), so you'll just have to trust me. 

We're definitely going back to try BR's legendary tableside ceasar salad and some pasta dishes as well. I hope they live up to our first experience.
The bar is very old school and is like being on an 19th-century boat. But you really come here for the Italian food.

I think it's nothing too amazing, but very good for a dinner you weren't expecting to be awesome. Like Frank said, the mussels are a sure bet. My favorite starter is a bit of a wallet hog, but melts in your mouth:carpaccio that is drizzled with lemon olive oil and shaved Parmigiana cheese.

Their Cesar salad is the real thing (prepared tableside) and very fancy and scrumptious. This is a great place for serious Northern Italians (linguine with clams, etc.). This isn't a trendy place by any means and the food is meticulously and delicately presented, but it definitely does the trick.
Actually went here to check it out as a potential wedding venue, but wound up staying for dinner.  The place is just gorgeous.  It consists of two floors, the 1st being the bar area with an awesome piece of an early 1900's cruising vessel as the bar mantle.  This floor includes some small tables.  The basement is actually where the bulk of the dining area is.  As you wind down the stairs you think you are entering a private area.  It's dimly lit, but has that old world feel.  The building itself is part of the historical society and holds all this old world charm.  The tables/booths aren't very large and aren't very comfortable.  This isn't to say it's a bad thing, but one worth noting.

For dinner we began with the frito misto, which included classics like calamari, but also included shrimp, zucchini and artichokes.  The sauce had a bit of a kick and complimented the lightly breaded fare.  The management here was grateful for our visit and brought us a complimentary pasta misto which sampled their ravioli and gnocchi.  The ravioli included a mushroom stuff one as well as a sausage/broccoli rabe filling.  Both were out of bounds, but my favorite was the gnocchi with white truffle oil.  Magnifico!

For our entrees, my fiance chose the lobster ravioli and I went with the hearty pescatore pisa.  The lobster ravioli was excellent and the sauce was rich.  The fiance struggled to finish, which I had no qualms with assisting.  My dish was out of bounds.  Mussels, clams, shrimp and salmon over angel hair with a light sauce that was just packed with flavor and spices.  Kudos to you Bistro Romano, I'm impressed.

Service was fantastic.  Bread and olive oil accompany your meal and I quite enjoyed the oil.  The place is pretty pricey, but for my money I can not think of a more romantic setting to eat a high quality meal.
I came here for my birthday.  It's a really nice place.  It's two floors:  there is a bar upstairs and downstairs (a spiral staircase) where the dining area is.  It's cozy, and I also enjoyed the music they had playing - it was peaceful and soothing.  It had a really romantic atmosphere.

We had some drinks - he had a glass of red wine which was smooth and fruity, and I had the peach bellini which was also very good.  I would mix it up here and there because the dense nectar settles to the bottom over time.

The food was really delicious.  We started off with the Suppli al Telefono, which is ground veal with proscuitto rolled with mozzarella and risotto.  Its lightly breaded which gave it  a really nice crunch and also has marinara.  We also had the Artichoke Hearts Capri which was also amazing.  Generous in artichokes baked with gorgonzola cheese and some mushrooms.  It's very rich and creamy.

I had the lobster ravoli (8 pcs) and it was so good.  It came with a sherry cream sauce and topped with fresh basil.  I highly recommend it.  They were decent sized ravolis too.  MF had the perch special which was very flavorful.  

We ended with their tirimisu, which I really recommend.  It's one of the fluffiest tirimisu I have ever had.

The service was great.  They are attentive and very good at describing their dishes.
Ok. Last review of 2020! Hope that 2021 is better for everyone. Anyway, I had a great date night with my wife at Bistro Romano. We've eaten here a few times over the years but it has been a long while since my last time. After today's wonderful meal, I realized I need to come here more often.

Had a 7:30pm reservation for New Years Eve. Philadelphia still has only outdoor seating due to COVID-19, and we sat in our own plastic bubble igloo complete with a propane heater about a 1/2 block from the front door of the restaurant. Had to be a little concerned when the wind blew the "door" closed and just about got caught on the heater. Could've had a real "meltdown." No one came so I had to save the night and put it back on top of the bubble.

I'm sure that the waitstaff was somewhat happy to get the exercise from the restaurant and bring food and drink to the customers.

Anyway, my wife and I went with the Chef's Choice Tasting Menu. We skipped the wine pairings, but easily made up for it in margaritas and Cosmopolitans. Our meal, which I think I took pictures of everything which hopefully turned out in the dark, consisted of bread with sun-dried tomato and oil, tomato soup with crema fraise, a specifically requested Caesar salad, salmon sushi style with caviar, some of the best pillowy gnocchi I've ever had, a seafood risotto with fillet medallions that was a little too rare for our liking, and a wicked huge piece of moist carrot cake. 

All the food was great. My wife couldn't handle the raw salmon, so I got some extra. As I mentioned, best gnocchi I've ever had in an awesome cream sauce, and the seafood risotto was so tasty. The meat was a little too rare but still good. We each could only finish half our carrot cakes and took them home. We also topped the dessert with some Frangelico and Limoncello cordials.

Service was quite friendly and attentive except for the possible igloo meltdown on the burner. 

$235 not including tip for two Chef's Choice Tastings, six mixed drinks, and two cordials. We had a wonderful date night ending to 2020 at Bistro Romano.
this is one of our favorite places in philadelphia.  the food is always amazing, and the owner is a great member of the community.  the waiters can be a bit unctuous, but they're always friendly.
I can't believe all the great reviews of this place.  My GF took me here last night for a romantic birthday dinner.  She paid extra for the 'wine cellar table.'

The wine cellar is an alcove under the sidewalk next to the gas meter with empty wine bottles in graffitid pegboard racks.  Ok.  We said we could get by that weakness. I got a 2002 Penfolds pinot noir that was served a bit warm in a wonderful glass.  My GF got a reisling that was served in a cheap glass.  Odd, but ok.  The bread wasw warm but perhaps a day too old.

The waitress was attentive and we ordered the mozz and tomato salad to share as an appetizer.  It was beautifully prepared but had no seasoning other than the oil and a spare sprinkling of basil.  Salt and pepper saved the dish, but it was pretty average.

For dinner I ordered the veal saltimbocca and my GF got linguine and clams in white sauce.  Both dishes were disasters.  My veal was less than 1/4 inch thick and incredibly tough.  It was severely over-cooked and actually had melted cheese topping the dried out prosciutto.  I tried one bite of each of the three pieces, looking for one that was edible.  It was a fruitless search.  

My GF's meal was passably better, but still not really edible.  The only flavor evident was salt and we didn't have any water on the table to counter the pound or so of salt that was in the clams and pasta.

When asked how everything was, we were silent.  The waitress apologized profusely and  offered to bring another dish for me.  I decided it was time to go and told her just to bring the check.  After 20 minutes she brought it by wordlessly.  My dinner was comped but the GFs was still there.  We waited another 20 minutes for someone to return for the check.  No one did.  We got up and went upstairs and gave it to the host (wearing a golf shirt and black pants? For a host? Really?).  

I dunno.  This place has had great reviews on Yelp and several other sites.  I just can't imagine that ANYONE could have a good experience here.
On 11/11, I visited Bistro Romano in celebration of my birthday. I knew I would be having multiple mini-celebrations up until Thanksgiving, and I wanted to start off the festivities with a lobster meal at Bistro Romano. They have a special Lobster Fest on Tuesday evenings, where you receive a whole lobster with a side of fresh salad, linguine, and bread for $15.95/pp. 

My lobster was cooked well and very visually appealing. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal, as well as the wonderful ambiance of Bistro Romano. It it a highly suggested restaurant for an intimate meal. The service is always wonderful. Next time, I would love to visit the wine cellar room. I'm really curious as to what that experience would be like.
Awful.  The food ranged from bad to sub-standard.  The wait staff and kitchen staff maintained a constant, extremely loud stream of inanities (and we weren't anywhere near the kitchen, though many tables were positioned in that vicinity).  Our wait-person spoke extremely loudly to each table and was so disconnected from the concept of service that she returned five separate times at the end of our meal to utter very loudly "Thank you for choosing us tonight.  Please come and see us again."  Even with the "pasta night" discount, we spent far more than anything served was worth (even the artichoke appetizer, which was the one fairly well-prepared dish, was absurdly over-priced).  Perhaps the restaurant's business is suffering because of all this low-quality; I have never been treated so pushily by any wait staff.  When we said we couldn't eat any more and would like the check (really we were disgusted and wanted to get out of there ASAP), the waitress actually asked, "Are you sure you don't want a chocolate torte to take home?"  Five must be the magic number, because we counted five utensil drops, only one of which was by a customer (probably a function of the small table).  Combine all of the above with the dank, isolated-feeling interior and the cramped booths on the eastern side of the restaurant, in which they placed all two-person parties despite the slow traffic and ample availability of more spacious booths along the western edge, and finally with the fact that no one offered to take our bulky winter coats before leading us downstairs to such a tiny table) and you have one star.  Yuck!
Why all the three stars I give?  I don't know, a 5 star range is a pretty tight range and this restaurant falls a little on the low side of 3.  Something like a 3.25 or a 3.10.

We went here for my little sister's birthday.  The setting was rustic and the food similarly reflected that.  I had some seafood pasta with spicy tomato base.  It was pretty good but not great.  I remember they made the ceasar salad in front of our table and the dressing was also made fresh in front of us.  That salad was better than my pasta entree.

Definitely not the best Italian in the city, but better than many.
This is not a place for vegans, nor anyone who wishes to order "off-menu."

The menu is not vegan-friendly so I ordered the Bistro Chopped Salad "without the cheese." My waiter, who knew I was vegan, served me the above salad...with several thin slices of prosciutto sprinkled into the strips of lettuce and radicchio. Strange because "ham" is certainly not specified on the menu and, in fact, not part of the Chopped Salad. How did ham wind up in the salad? We'll never know.

I was upset because I purposely avoid such meat and instead inadvertently ingested it.

The waiter did bring me a corrected salad, but apparently didn't feel too apologetic because he didn't choose to waive the fee for said salad, which I think was was warranted.

My mother-in-law's tuna was supposed to be "medium-rare" and was instead well-done.

And the restaurant charged a $2.50/slice cake-cutting fee for the birthday cake we brought in for my husband.

Overpriced, underserved. Won't go back.
I am never dissapointed when I visit this tucked away gem.  

Located among the historic row-homes of old city, there is an intimate atmosphere to this Italian eatery.  Downstairs you feel like you are entering a private wine cellar with stone walls and dim lighting.  

This trip I had the house salad, braciole and finished with a cannoli.  The braciole was cooked perfectly and was served with garlic mashed potatoes.  The portion was enough to take half home and it was still delicious the next day!  I LOVE a good cannoli and this definitely made the grade!  With small pieces of pistachio and mini chocolate chips, I couldn't help but finish the whole thing.  

My boyfriend had the veggie lasagna and carrot cake. I enjoyed my meal, but his was by far the better of the two.  The lasagna was made with tomato sauce and topped with a creamy alfredo(best of both worlds!!).  The name carrot cake doesn't really give the dessert credit, the three tiered wonder was filled with raisins and a sweet glaze.  

Bistro Romano is one of our favorite places in old city, hopefully we will be back very soon!
Nice concept and good experience. Love  the combination of theatre and dinner. The show was better than  the food. Food was average borderline cafeteria food. For the price you definitely get alot for your money. In addition to the show you get the horse d'oeuvre during cocktail hour (cocktails not included) salad, soup, entree and dessert with coffee. Makes a fun night out with friends and unique experience.
My first time at this restaurant and I'm glad we tried it during restaurant week. Small tucked away place that's suited for all occasions. There are some tables and a bar located on the main level but also seating downstairs. If you have anyone that can't do stairs in your party, call ahead to request ground floor seating. 

Everyone in our party enjoyed their food. We tried a variety of menu items, bisque, burrata, etc for our first courses. We each had different pasta choices for the main course except one person that chose a protein. Decent portions and timely service. The staff was friendly and accommodating. 

Overall very quaint, and pleasant establishment!
I surprised my boyfriend with this restaurant on his birthday.
I had made reservations before hand on opentable.com, when we got there, there were several people waiting to be seated; since I made reservations we were promptly seated, I am guessing they had a table reserved for us. Our seat was right in front of the piano player and the bar.
The bar was absolutely beautiful, they had taken a huge carved marble block off a ship and centered it as their back drop at the bar, very breathtaking, the piano player and the candle lit dinner made our dinner oh so romantic.
We ordered their famous ceaser salad which they prepared right next to our table and our waiter told us everything he was putting into it, anchovies in a salad? who'd of thought, but it was marvelous. Our dinner was good and it was such a romantic place. I give it 5 stars. I would give it more if I could. 
Definitely a very romantic place with great food and ambience. I would come back again if I was feeling a need to be romantic.

Boyfriend absolutely loved his surprise.
Came here while visiting the city. Enjoyed it very much. I got the veal, which was delicious and the Caesar salad. It tasted just like my homemade Caesar salad which I guess I a good thing, but they prepare it table side which is a nice old fashioned gesture. The ambience is very romantic and the service was great. The music is very cliche- Sinatra, dean Martin etc but adds to the mood.
I have to say this place reminded me of a glorified, slightly higher priced Olive Garden. The ambiance was dungeon-esque, and the temperature of the dining room was warm.  The yellow, electric candles above the table were covered in dust, and the place looked like it could use a nice overhaul by Molly Maid.

The wait staff was friendly, but they all seemed to be faking it really bad.  I wouldn't want to be working there either!  One of the guys had a goiter on his cheek. Another guy had his hand wrapped in a bandage.....appetite killers!  

The food was mediocre at best.  The tilapia and baby shrimp grossed me out, but the beef tenderloin and horseradish mashed potatoes were okay.  The side of veggies was doused in oregano, and the side of pasta was unexciting.  Even the lemon sorbet I had for dessert didn't seem cold enough.....imagine that!?  

If you're desperate for Italian, I guess give it a shot.  I would much rather eat at Pietro's around the corner on South Street.
I have been here twice.  The first time was for a mystery dinner theater, which was fun.   The food that night was mediocre, but I guess that's to be expected at that type of event.  Just bland and not hot.  The second time I went was last night for a regular dinner.  They sent me a birthday coupon for a free entree so we decided to use it.  The staff was very nice, and sat us immediately in a cozy booth in the basement (not a bad basement, very romantic).  I unscrewed the little lightbulb on the wall in our booth, because the lighting was a little harsh, and came from above.  It was hurting my eyes.  We sat in the dark for a bit, and the waiter, without commenting, kindly brought a candle to the table.  I was impressed with this subtlety.  We ordered duck and salmon.  Both were good.  Not amazing, but good.  I thought the duck lacked flavor, and the salmon was done nicely, if the sauce was a bit oversalted.  The scallops on top of the salmon were incredibly delicious and I wished there were more.  We both enjoyed the fresh roasted vegetables.  Overall, a pleasant, unoffensive restaurant experience.  Probably wouldn't go out of my way to return, but wouldn't turn down an invitation there either.
I applaud any restaurant that boasts a table side display of Caesar Salad action.  Leaving out places like California Pizza Kitchen, and Buca di Beppo, I do enjoy seeing the food prepared for me to a certain degree.  With an authentically made Caesar salad, it takes knowledge, appreciation, and certainly some training to whip that bowl of ingredients into action.

All the food we had was simply made, and good.  Not over the top delicioso, and nothing to write home about, but satisfying for a hungry tummy.  There are finer Italian meals to be enjoyed in the city a few blocks south of here.

The draw for me that almost bumped me up a star is the decor and the feel.  There was a fine piano player kickin it jazz and standards style the night I ate here, and that made for a romantic backdrop to the meal.  Good music will always positively influence my appeal for a restaurant, just as bad or loud music will have the opposite effect.
I was really excited to try bistro romano, but overall it was pretty disappointing. The place has a pretty cool vibe inside with the exposed brick and historic feel. The food was very mediocre, had the mussels as an app, and they were just okay. Filet for me and clam sauce for the gf. Both were again just okay. Waitress was not personable at all and gave sub par service. The food was priced reasonable especially for the location, but overall a pretty disappointing experience. 

We went on the night of the army navy game so they were busier than usual, might explain the bad waitress but either way the food was nothing to get excited about. Check it out if you like exposed brick and historic vibes I guess, but don't expect great food.
I loved Bistro Romano.  We went to try something new and they host a Murder Mystery Dinner Theater (the friendly waitstaff were the actors).  The cost was around $40 and that included the show along with a four course meal.  We had soup, salad, salmon (yumm, it was nicely seasoned and cooked to perfection) and cheesecake. 

The food was delicious and the show was entertaining.  It was an interactive event that got all the guests involved in trying to solve the murder mystery.  Some of the guests even had a couple lines to act out. We spent the night laughing, eating and making friends.  We will be going back again to check out the downstairs dining area that has gotten great reveiws as being quaint and romantic.
Bistro Romano is one of my favorite Italian restaurants in the city. Fairly priced food and wine. What more do you need? 

Their seafood salad is loaded with seafood and the crab dip is a little bit more creamy than I would like it but the crab is delicious. 
The caesar salad here is made next to your table, for caesar salad lovers this is a must!

I personally think this is one of the best spaghetti in the city, way better than Little Nonna's or other places "known" for their spaghetti. I love their venison mafalde as well. I wish there was more "sauce" but the amount of meat they give you is plentiful and the pasta here is always cooked al dente, as it should be.

The tiramisu here is one of my favorites. The combination of the chocolate and the fluffy creaminess is sooo delicious. Perfect ending to a perfect meal.

Definitely worth it for the restaurant week deal, a date night or dinner with a big group of friends but definitely make a reservation!
I and my wife went here for an early anniversary. We were nervous at first with reading all the mixed reviews, but we decided to go ahead anyway. We are glad we did. The food was great and fresh. I got the stuffed pork chops and they were amazing. Their dipping oil was great and their stuffed mushrooms were awesome.
We rented the private wine cellar.  Could have used a few more candles, and I found the echo distracting.  Also, other customers tend to peer in at you like you are a zoo animal.  Food was ok, can do much better in Philly.  The service was so bad that it became the joke of the night.
The interior is nice, the food is good, and the staff is friendly.  But they also promote a "murder mystery" dinner show, and that's what I'd like to review.

I've been to half a dozen murder mystery dinners before at various places, and the integration varies from handing personas to the audience to keeping it all on stage.  But of all I've seen, this version had by far the least "show" and the least "mystery".

Bistro Romano puts the actors on double duty as the waitstaff.  In theory this is nice, as it keeps them in front of you and gives plenty of opportunity to chat.  In practice, as anyone who's ever done food service can tell you, this kept them so busy there's no time for anything lengthy to be performed.

The entire show consisted of a brief character introduction after soup, ending with the murder.  After the main course there was an equally-brief     recap, and then after dessert they did the (even quicker) reveal.  The actors were fine in their comic roles, and there were token audience interactions, but at no point did this resemble any real mystery.  There were no plot, no motives, and no clues whatsoever.  The conclusion was random and quite unsatisfying.  And again I can't really blame anyone specifically, other than the fact that the show shoehorned in when the servers aren't busy.

If you're looking for dinner and wouldn't mind a little entertainment from the staff, Bistro Romano is a fine place to eat.  But don't go expecting much from their murder mystery package, because you'll be disappointed.
Beware of the MICE!!! I wish I could give this place full stars because the food is amazing! I had the gnocchi with shrimp which was delicious and my boyfriend got the lobster ravioli which was even better! As we were waiting to pay our check I got distracted by the group of 3 or 4 little mice scurrying around the staircase underneath a table where another couple had just left. SO disgusting. I told our waiter and he got super nervous, laughed and said "it was a figment of your imagination" and "they normally aren't out in the dining room". So where are they? Only in the kitchen??? NOT funny. I was so grossed out!! I wasn't the only one who saw them either. Another woman who was sitting nearby saw them and asked for her food to go and left. The manager sent us complimentary lemon-cello shots and gave some half-assed excuse about "the people next door really having a problem". Screw that. I won't be back!
the bar upstairs looks really cool- it has part of a wooden ship's sticking out on top of the bar- cool points for that in my book. BR is a cozy little eyetalian joint that me and the misses like. She likes the food a lot but I think the food is just a bit better than you average eyetalian food (unless you consider olive garden good eyetalian food in that case you would think Marco Battlaglia cooked here)-nothing overwhelming though, but I like the setting and the Caesar salad with anchovies and shrimp a lot- like stalker looking thru your bedroom window as you sleep a lot. I would stick to the pasta dishes- personal favorite lobster ravoli, some of the proteins have been overcooked a bit for my likening. Monday -Wed they have some pretty good deals on dinner (cheap pasta, lobster etc) in case you are tightening the wallet strings in our current fantastic economic situation - if any more of these bailout company exec get bonuses I'm moving to Greece.
Really enjoyed a recent dinner here. The wine cellar in the basement is beautiful.

As for the food, my partner and I split a caesar salad, the gnocchi, and the spaghetti bolognese. Our server had expressed doubts about whether this would be enough food, but it was plenty.

The gnocchi, by the way, is large enough to have as a main course, despite what they might tell you. The salad is also large enough to split, so save your money there.

The cannoli for dessert was on point. You also get a good amount of wine for the $19 wine flight. 

I've tried a lot of Italian restaurants in Philadelphia, and this one is high on my list. Try it!
2.5

I'm not sure I came back; I didn't have great recollections of it from our experience earlier.  But, anyway we came on a Monday when we couldn't find another place to eat at.  

It's not bad food, it's just overpriced for what it is.  I ordered some pasta that was supposed to be cheese and wild mushroom.  What I got was pasta with cheese.  And the very rare bit of regular white button mushroom.

Very underwhelming and even though we ordered before some other tables, we were served later than them for some reason?
I love Bistro Romano - maybe the food isnt super super amazing BUT it's so romantic! Maybe I'll have to check out the murder mystery dinner show one day.

Oh and I like the whole table side caesar salad thing - you know exactly what is going into it.
I can't believe I haven't been here before! My husband and I live in the city and have always wanted to try Bistro Romano, and after our experience there we will definitely be coming back for more! From the food to the service to the ambience, everything was exceptional. We sampled a touch of everything on the menu including appetizers, pasta, entrees, and dessert! The food was so fresh and flavorful, we practically licked our plates clean! Their wine selection was also on point and the dessert tray had my mouth watering from the second our waitress brought it to our table. On top of the food being amazing, the staff provided excellent service. Our waitress was very knowledgable, our glasses were never empty, and the manger touched our table at least 3 times during our meal. It was a perfect evening accompanied by a perfect meal and service!
I have always wanted to experience a Murder Mystery Dinner, so I got tickets for a friday night show. The food was ok - salad was an average caesar  salad, soup wasn't anything special but it was good. My boyfriend and I both chose the salmon as our entree. It was well cooked, well seasoned, but still average. The cheese cake was not good and probably store bought. 

I would have accepted average food had the show been average as well.  

The show was horrible; the acting, story, and organization was extremely poor. I have seen better high school productions. While two or three actors were ok, the rest were embarrassingly bad. No one could remember their lines and often stumbled or ad-libbed which increased the awkwardness of the entire show. However, it was the over acting and attempts at comedy that threw the show entirely off. After two scenes, I was wishing they would stop completely and let us eat in peace.

Drinks are not included in your $43 tickets, they also ask for a tip. Two tickets came to about $90, drinks came to about $20. If you include the $10 tip they ask for, this $120 date night would have been better spent elsewhere.

I love theatre and was hoping for a entertaining show with good food and a talented cast. It was very disappointing.
NYE 21' Madness!
There is so much to say about this restaurant. First, I am from Florida and we DINED OUTDOORS.... DURING WINTER!!!!  The outdoor dining setup is quite unique. Cattycorner to the restaurant is a brick paved sidewalk with arched entryways in the middle of 2nd street. The restaurant has commandeered a section of this sidewalk that provides for great al fresco dining (even in the dead of winter) and makes for an elegant space. They have heat lamps and clear plastic that blocks the cross-breeze and they also have a few pretty cool yurts! Never thought that I would witness a day where dining in yurts on a sidewalk to protect you from dangerous air is a thing but here we are! 

Now to walk you through my experience beginning with the reservation process. We booked a table for 3 the eve before new year's eve. So last minute, I know! We booked online and called to confirm. Joetta was great! She was so pleasant and despite all the mix-ups (my friend is weird and books online under a different surname.‍ I called and provided his real name and of course everyone was super confused!). 

Victor greeted us at our table. He too was pleasant and sent a hello from Joetta. He made note that he recalled from Joetta that we were Floridians (its the little things). Makenzie (not sure if I spelled that correctly) was our server for the evening. Despite the chill in the air, she made our dining experience so warm. She was almost always there when we needed and despite the "full house", her service was prompt.

Now I could drag on and on about the food but if you look at the pictures, there isn't much else to be said. Everything was beautifully plated. Despite the runners bringing food from across the street, each dish came out timely and hot. EVERYTHING WAS PERFECT!  The seared salmon and the filet mignon were perfectly served at medium, the brodetto had ample seafood galore and the risotto.... Risotto risotto ... I am still having dreams about the risotto.  We had so much food to eat and enough leftover to enjoy as a full meal. We ate and were served like kings and a queen on our NYE night in Philly.
The food lacked flavor. Had to ask if there were specials. Our waiter had a cold. Listening to him sniff his mucous wasn't very appetizing, not to mention the germs he was spreading. Stay home if you are sick. Food, meh at best. Chicken Milanese was awful. Very cool old place with history.  The benches need new cushions.
________________________________________________________________
Update:  So, I just got a call from the owner of the restaurant inquiring about my review and how it "differed" from what I told Chris the manager at dinner and implied that perhaps I should have added what was good about the experience in my review.  

I explained that I didn't feel the need to discuss the sniffing with the manager at that time.  I made a judgment call at that time due to a couple of factors.  

1.  I didn't think it would be cool at all for the Manager to say something to the waiter in the middle of his shift and ruin his night.  After all, the guy is just trying to earn a living.

2.  I really had no desire to gross out the table 5 inches away from us and ruin their appetites.

Personally, I felt my review was short and to the point.  However, I suppose I should give more information.  When the owner called me, I told her the caesar and mussels were good.  They were both tasty (in comparison).  However, the muscles were VERY tiny.  The Caesar was good, NOT great.  However, due to the extreme lack of room between tables, the caesar dressing splattered on my glasses, my sweater and my face when the salad was tossed.

So back to the phone chat:  The owner was kind enough to extend an invitation to return as her guest,VERY professional in my opinion.  However, it probably would have been best to start and finish with that invitation.  What I find VERY unprofessional is being called and told how I should write my reviews, question the review/compare to what was said to the manager or try to leverage her phone call with a invitation to come back  as her guest.  She stated several times during our conversation that "food is subjective." Yes, I totally agree with that statement.  I explained to her that normally I do give restaurants a second chance.  Had this conversation not taken place, that is exactly what would have transpired.  I also explained to her that I didn't write the review to get a free meal and that my review was honest, in my opinion, aka "subjective."  Pretty sure that is what Yelp is all about. Originally with my short and to the point review, I gave them 3 stars, which I thought was very fair.  Now, I am knocking another star off for that phone call which really came across as manipulative.
I can't believe I get to be the first to review this!! What an amazing experience. When we got there we didn't have reservation but they were very nice to find us a table in a decent amount of time. While we were waiting we hung out in their  cool little piano/bar upstairs. Downstairs is the restaurant which is great!! It's like being in a wine cellar. It's nice for a romantic dinner or a group dinner as well. I highly recommend getting their Table-side Caesar Salad! If you get it for the table it's more than enough of an appetizer.  The main dishes were also done to perfection. If you're looking to go out for a nice night on the town in Philly head to Bistro Romano you won't be disappointed!
My wife and I went last night for our 10th wedding anniversary. Our service was excellent but not sure I agree on the romantic aspect of the private wine cellar. Between the old space heater in the room, dusty old empty wine bottles, and the interruption of the staff to unlock the closet in the room to get a wine (not for us!!!); my wife and I did not get the romantic vibe from the room. Not sure it is worth the additional cost of renting the wine cellar.

We arrived early and had a few drinks at the bar. The service and the atmosphere at the bar was excellent.

Our waitress and the other servers were very good. They were attentive to us.

Our meals were good but sadly the atmosphere is what will be remembered.
For such a "classy" restaurant, they have such shitty service. We were seated at a very awkward table behind the hostess and next to the bar. So everyone that comes in and goes to the bar, walks right by you, and STARES. Why would you even have such an awkwardly placed table like that? It makes no sense.

I've seen my waitress 4 times during dinner. She came to take our order, bring our drinks, bring our food, and to give us the check. Because we were sitting where we were at, we were basically forgotten. I had to GO UP to someone at the bar and ASK them to get someone to come by and bring us the check. You should never have to do that. EVER.

The food was just meh. It was nothing special. I wasn't savoring the taste nor will I ever crave for it again. I didn't take the rest of my dinner home, and trust me, I didn't even finish half of it. It took them 20 minutes to come to our table to grab the plates. Then 20 minutes pass by, and still, NOTHING. I got impatient, and this was when I went up to someone at the bar to ask them to bring someone our check. Then 5 minutes later, someone came offering us dessert. By this time, I was completely impatient and wanted to get the hell out of this place because of how horrible the service was. Our waitress basically had forgotten us. So we said no to desserts and we had to wait another 10 minutes until our waitress finally came back and we asked her for the check. Once everything was paid for, I immediately got the hell out of there. 

My boyfriend brought me here to celebrate my birthday, and I am very very disappointed with every single thing here. I'm only giving it a 1 star because you can't go any lower than that. I will not be coming back here again.
I haven't been in Bistro Romano for over 14 years but I though I would come back partially out of nostalgia and partially because I wanted some delicious pasta from a place that is a Philadelphia mainstay.  I was not disappointed.  

First I should start with the service. Our server, Meredith, was attentive and welcoming.  She prepared us a table side Caesar salad which may have destroyed Caesar salad for me at any establishment.  Meredith took her time and explained each step in a way that built up my anticipation and I was not disappointed.

I ordered the Gnocchi Ella.  Gnocchi can sometimes be too doughy or too sticky but in this case it was prepared perfectly.  It wasn't the gnocchi  that blew me away though, it was the duck ragu.  It was leaner than I would have expected from duck and very flavorful.  While I couldn't finish the pasta, the ragu was completely eradicated from my plate.

We finished the evening with a espresso martini and some Creme Brulee.  The top of the Creme Brulee was perfectly torched with a satisfying crunch.  The espresso martini had me rethinking my dislike of coffee.

Overall I had a great meal that was made better by exceptional service.
Went to Bistro Romano for Valentines Day this year.  Great overall experience, definitely worthy of 5 stars.  The atmosphere is fantastic, especially downstairs in the basement.  The food was great, the best Italian I've had in Philadelphia.  I highly recommend the Caesar salad, which they prepare table side while they explain all the ingredients that make it so delicious.  My main course was a shrimp gnocchi, made with a delicious sauce and plenty of shrimp to fill me up.  It was enough to take home and it was just as good the next day.  My only regret was being too full to try the desserts, which looked very good.  

I would definitely go to Bistro Romano again, and recommend it to anyone looking for a good date restaurant or for a good meal with friends.
The one star it gets for ambiance.  I will say, it is one of the most delightful eating spaces in the South street Society Hill area.  Still, my experience there was less than stellar, and for the price, it was a absolute travesty.

I made reservations and when I got there, the manager and host seemed very confused.  My name was in the system, but it still took them quite awhile to seat us at our vacant table.

Then, a patron fell coming down the stairs, shattering a glass of wine everywhere.  And seriously, I timed it, it took them 45 minutes to clean up the glass.  Costumers (little girls even) kept walking through the glass on the stairs unknowingly.  The staff seemed very distracted and unknowledgable.  Our waitress took 20 minutes to come by.

These things can be forgiven; they are those random yelp happenstances at a generally good restaurant.  But the food: the food was terrible.

I had the stuffed mushrooms (stuffed with hamburger helper) to start and the peppercorn tuna for my primary.  The tuna was over cooked in spots and undercooked in others.  It had a very foul taste and it left me sick for the rest of the night.  Really, it was rather unpleasant.

So, Bistro, you're like all other superficial parts of life: look great but nothing inside.
So I'll start off by saying of course I get restaurants are crazy on New Year's Eve! We had been to Bistro Romano before but over 3 years ago and had a nice meal but things have changed big time obviously. After waiting 30 minutes past our reservation we were seated a small table set up in the main walkway. I knew it was going to be bad from there. I asked the girl who sat us if tables were normally there and she laughed at me and said "only on nights like New Year's Eve" dropped our menus and turned around. Let me say the amount of servers walking by with silverware pointed out becomes terrifying when it's whizzing past your head! I also was elbowed twice in my back because again I was in the main walkway. 
We started off with a refrigerated scallop that was dry and flavorless. "Um I think it's chilled" when we asked our waitress. The salad course was just regular bag salad with croutons nothing special. I will say the spaghetti Nero (squid ink pasta with scallops and octopus) was really good and I would've been happy with that for my main. They were out of chicken for the main so I got the ravioli which consisted on just one big one with a half dollar size lump of ricotta. The rest of it was hard and dry. I had to laugh at it because I was still hungry and really trying not to be angry. The dessert was day old munchkins with some whipped cream. 
I still can't believe we paid $88 a person for the worst meal we've ever had. The table across from us was fighting about their bill for poor service and bad food too. I know servers have nothing to do with cooking the food and this was obviously management trying to pack people in and give them subpar food without a second thought. I'll never go back to Bistro Romano and I suggest you skip it too! There's so many better places for legit Italian food in the city.
All of the dishes we had were fantastic. The cocktails, wine, and atmosphere were superb. We got a wine flight and did a blind taste test.
Bistro Romano delivers quality northern Italian food in the cozy ambiance of of a dining room located in an underground granary.  The exposed stone walls and dim candlelight combine for a romantic feel; unfortunately, the fake ivy and hard, wooden booths cause it to fall short of perfection.  I have always experienced pleasant and polite service from every staff member - hostess, wait staff, manager, bartender . . .

I have had many of their dishes - pastas, meats and seafood - and they have all been very good to excellent.  My only complaint is that they sometimes oversalt.  They have a diverse wine list that seems to have a focus on reasonably priced selections, with a few higher end selections of each varietal.  Their mark-up is pretty standard.

As an added bonus, they have some great specials on various nights that can make it a real bargain - like $12.95 pasta Mondays and lobster Tuesdays.

As a side note about the other reviewers who have questioned the freshness of their seafood, WHY on earth would you not point this out to your server if you suspected it to be the case?  This is a classy restaurant; the chef and manager would want to know (if it were truly the case), and make things right for you and the others diners.
We went for Valentine's day...this year. People say not to go to a restaurant on Valentine's day...I don't know why...if you can cook...you can cook...and at Bistro Romano...they can cook!!!!

Everything was wonderful from the artichoke appitizer to the swordfish and my partner's perfectly prepared pork chop.

The waitress Jen was a delight, and the owner Michael constantly made sure everyone, and I mean everyone was attended to as they should.

This place is a delight and will be a favorite return spot I'm sure!
You could probably walk past this spot many times and not notice, however upon entrance it is a site to see! Beautiful exposed brick with decor to compliment. Definitely the ultimate date night. Now the food, was nothing short of amazing! I had the duck and my date had the lobster ravioli which both were grade A dishes. Our waiter was polite and also let us try some of their pea soup with our meals which was on par with the rest of the meal. Definitely will return.
A weekend visit was spurred after my boyfriend received an out-of-the-blue "Happy Birthday, here is $20 toward an entree!" card in the mail. I meant to ask the server if people are randomly selected to receive the cards or not (our visit was closer to MY birthday, but, whatever), but I forgot.

Nonetheless, it was an OK time. We were seated right away in the basement, though at first the hostess tried putting us at that awkward, tiny table at the very bottom of the steps. I guess both of our faces said, "Are you kidding me?" because we were moved to another table that allowed some breathing room.

Our server was nice and the bread was pretty good. My boyfriend and I each ordered one of the chicken dishes (there were only two on the menu), and we split them. I'd say the Milanese is the best bet. The side of pasta was a nice touch, too.

I wasn't "wowed" by the experience. I guess that's the soul of this review. The decor was nice, the place was nice, it was all "nice," but it wasn't amazing, like you'd expect for the prices.
Went for the dinner show and got probably hands down the worst service & atmosphere in Philadelphia. They sat us with a table of older women who we couldn't see past their hair & then miscounted every course where at least one in our group was without a meal. They had a separate drink waiter who didn't know what kind of drinks they served and didn't communicate with our server when we weren't getting out food. It was insanely hot & and uncomfortable the whole time we were there. The show actually wasn't bad but with such bad service I would absolutely not go back.
Bistro Romano has been around for quite awhile.  We just rediscovered it, and have been there half a dozen times over the last 8 months.  As noted by another reviewer, the atmosphere is great - romantic and quiet.  The bar on the first floor is inviting.  The food, with a decidedly north Italian slant, is consistently good.  I particularly like the pasta and fresh clams in a white sauce.  To my thinking the execution of this dish is a good test of any Italian kitchen.  My only complaint (and only on one of my visits) was that the pasta was a little too soft.  I wanted particularly to draw attention to their Monday night special: any pasta dish (huge servings) and a salad for $11.95.  Take advantage of it sometime!
I booked a table here for my birthday. I was originally going to go to another pasta restaurant but I've kind of been wanting to go here for awhile and the other place couldn't accommodate 8 people so we decided to come here. The only thing was they ask for a credit card to book the reservation, which I wasn't sure if I wanted to do because I don't trust all my friends to show up on time. But we kept the group somewhat small and we harassed them ahead of time to make sure they were coming so it worked out . If anyone no showed they would have been banned from us inviting them to future events. 

Anyway, everyone showed up on time. I wanted to sit  in the granary downstairs and that's where our table was. Our server was friendly and helpful. I wanted to try like 3 different pastas and didn't want a regular entree so he said I could get a side of the one pasta. I got a side of the lobster ravioli and I got the white truffle gnocchi as my main dish, and my husband got corn ravioli as his entree. The white truffle gnocchi was very good- very pillowy with nice truffle flavor. I was kind of full at that point though because I had the ravioli so I ended up taking half home, it was very filling. I think I might have even liked the lobster ravioli better because it was so good with the sauce on it and the way it was made. I've had truffle gnocchis a few other times before. I probably should have got the lobster ravioli as my meal, and a side of the gnocchi. The corn ravioli was very good too and had alot of corn flavor. 

Our waiter was nice enough to take a picture of our group on the staircase too, and made sure we were satisfied with the photo. I also got a complimentary dessert for my birthday and they sang to me which was very nice. I really liked the dark romantic atmosphere of the place too. My only critique is it was so hot down there- I don't think they had any AC in the granary. We went on like the hottest day of the summer too. I was sweating. If we go back I'll have to remember not to go in extreme heat or cold weather haha. But we had a good time and would come back. We ended up staying a little bit longer and getting drinks at the piano bar afterwards because it looked like a hurricane outside and pouring rain and very windy.
Absolutely amazing!!! This was my second time dining at Bistro Romano. Me and my fiancé did the wine cellar dining to celebrate our anniversary. The wine cellar is a candlelight dinner. It's on the bottom floor of the restaurant tucked away from the other tables. Very romantic and perfect for date, anniversary, or celebration.  The staffs service is very attentive. 

We started off with complimentary bread and a tomato purée spread. Then they brought us a complimentary glass of champagne as they looked for our bottle of wine!! 

For an app we got the oxtail arancini. Perfect for 2 people but would not be large enough for a bigger group. For dinner we split the gnocchi and weekly chef special braised short rib. They were both amazing. Literally the best dinner I've had in such a long time. Totally brag worthy. For a side we got the roasted brussel sprouts. For dessert we split the tiramisu and got house limoncello.  

Dinner was so good I'm coming back in 2 days with my girlfriends to eat again!
I'm Italian...I'm a great cook, I can usually tolerate even mediocre Italian cooking but I may as well have stayed home and opened a jar of Ragu.  
It's a pretty place, but that shouldn't try to compensate for the food.  You go to a restaurant to eat..period...
As for the so called "acting" for the Murder Mystery portion, it must be that they have decided to take pity on the "occupy Philly" protestors and offer them a meal in exchange for some free thespian labor.  
Aside from the food and entertainment, well, there isn't really anything aside from the food and entertainment, is there?
Perfect date night spot! Bistro Romano is tucked away on a quiet part of Lombard Street. The first level has a bar with a few tables, and there was a lady playing the piano. We really felt the cozy, romantic vibe of this place. We had reservations and were seated downstairs, which reminds me of a rustic wine cellar. One thing that stood out to me was that the tables weren't on top of each other like a lot of the restaurants in Philly, so you can actually have an intimate conversation with your date. The wine list is extensive and the Old Fashion was pretty good, but they really need to put the Smokey one back on the menu! 

For food, we started off with the Caesar salad (apparently award winning) and it was made table-side. The salad was veryyy good and I'd recommend getting it for the cool experience. Next, we had the Calamari. The portion was larger than we expected so we were pumped about that. The calamari was lightly fried with some peppers, and was drizzled with a garlic/lemon sauce. Our favorite part of the dish was the spicy marinara that the calamari came over. It was so delicious, but I really wish we had some bread to dip into the sauce. 

We were getting kind of full at this point and had plans to go out after so we ended up splitting the Gnocchi, which is served with prosciutto in a creamy truffle sauce. The gnocchi was cooked to perfection and was extremely satisfying. I'm happy we ended up splitting it because of the rich flavor and how filling the dish was. Overall a great experience at Bistro Romano!!
I came here with the fi on a much needed no cell phone date night and we couldn't have chosen a better place. We got there a little early and had a few pre-dinner drinks at the upstairs bar with the most talented piano player in the world. I think we could have spent all night at the bar - it was so unique and just had this old school feel to it.  The bartender was attentive and modified my drinks to my liking (i'm a bit picky) without a hint of annoyance. 

We were then seated at a a table downstairs that was probably in the most inconvenient spot in that place. I won't go into details because when we asked our waiter for a different table the manager came over, apologized, and lead us to a sweet booth. 

The food was as magical as the restaurant itself - super yummy. We ordered one appetizer and one entree and it was more than enough.  At the end of the night, our waitress let us see the private cave room which was sooo pretty and intimate. Our waitress says they like to call it "where philly gets engaged" and on the walls couples have scribbled their names in chalk. Though i wish that room had been available when I made the reservations, we both agreed this was one of the most romantic date nights we've had in a while. Don't think twice - just go!
I was looking forward to a romantic dinner here, as I was here for a Christmas party years ago and loved it. Tonight was slightly disappointing, however. 

Pros:
The staff was very friendly, they had a huge wine list, and the table-side salad was the highlight of the meal for sure! 

Cons:
Perhaps we just ordered the two bad things from the menu but the scallops (sandy and fishy) and duck were nothing to rave about. I am never one to complain to the staff, and as I was full from the bread and the salad I didn't make a huge deal about being unhappy with dinner. I knew they saw we hardly touched our food and we're attentive, but we just wanted to leave. I'm sure other items on the menu are good, but for the same price point we have enjoyed many meals elsewhere. I wish I would have enjoyed it, seeing all the positive reviews it did have on yelp.
I hate to only give this place 3 stars because I will forever describe this place as PASTA HEAVEN! I've been on a strict gluten free diet for 4 years, and miss a good dish of pasta! Bistro Romano is the secret to all my desires! They make a gluten free gnocchi - I don't know if they always do or if it was a special occasion, but I had their gnocchi and cannot rave enough about it! True perfection! Every dish around the table pasta and non-pasta looked amazing! I couldn't find many other helpful reviews, but they certainly accommodate to gluten free or celiac diets!

I had to take a few stars off because we were a bit disappointed by the sommelier who presented one bottle of wine to us and when he left we realized he described one bottle but gave us another... it was a bit peculiar so we asked the waitress and she assured us that he gave us the right bottle. We realized there was a mixup when we saw the bill. Felt like the swindled us but didn't want to make a big deal since we were out with a group of 10. Would definitely recommend to triple check your bill here.
Back again for the anniversary and we are so excited for a second go at the Mystery theater. Once again the actors did not break character and made it really fun. This year was an Irish wake so let's get our drink on and have some fun. The food was excellent so if we just had dinner that would have been fine. Last year my wife figured out the killer, but not this year.

This just might be the beginning of a tradition. 

#jakeyswakey
So delicious! We came here for dinner on Sunday. I had been previously and added my name to the mailing list, so we lucked out and made reservations for a night where they offered their mailing list members 3 courses for $32.99 plus free drinks! 

All of us ordered off the pre fixe menu for this special, it was so good. I got bruschetta and Osso Bucco, and a cannoli for dessert. The restaurant look is so cool, all exposed brick from the old building and it's beautiful! Definitely a good choice for Italian in the society hill neighborhood. And for $33 a person it's a steal!
Came here with a group of people for a birthday party, we were attending the Mystery dinner show. Arrived a little late so we missed the hors d'hourve hour but looking at the left overs didn't impress me, some vegetables, tiny meatballs, and a plate of cheese and crackers. The bar and bottom floor looked quant and romantic. Upstairs for the mystery murder dinner was extremely overcrowded and the design of the room seemed to be a little dated. The Caesar salad was delicious and the minestrone soup was good but it came in a cup, not a bowl and each person only receive one dinner roll which was disappointing since I was starving. 

Our choices for dinner was chicken cacciatore, balsamic glazed salmon, or pasta primavera. I chose the salmon. When our meals arrived the plate were a pitiful site. According to the online menu we were suppose to have the following, "Balsamic Glazed Pan Seared Salmon with Zucchini, Eggplant, Yellow Squash, Red Onions & Potatoes in a Light Tomato Broth" on my plate there were hardly any vegetables and very little broth. No one had potatoes on their plates. The eggplant was rubbery and the salmon was very dry. To top it off the drinks were way over priced and the acting was poor. Overall I left sober, hungry, and unentertained.
This place was everything I expected and more from reading previous reviews. Me and my boyfriend showed up a half hour late to our reservation thanks to some south street traffic and they still seated us as soon as we walked in the door. The rose petals and candles on the table were cute although I do have to admit seating was pretty tight. Don't know if that's an Italian thing or they just try and fill up space. Anyway, my server was so attentive he probably would've gave me a back massage if I asked him and the water boy was right on top of his game, I didn't go thirsty throughout the whole meal. Everyone was very polite and our food came out at a good speed. The caeser salad was made table side and pretty cool to watch, just not really the taste I was expecting. I got pancetta and mushroom ravioli and my boyfriend got veal parm which were both to die for and if that wasn't enough the tiramisu totally finished off the whole meal. All around a great restaurant and I would definitely go back. Especially because they gave me a 20 dollar coupon at the end.
