For a restaurant week date night, I decided it was time to try Bistro La Baia. I have passed this cute little Italian spot plenty of times walking through my neighborhood and checked out the mixed reviews here on Yelp. My boyfriend and I decided we'd see for ourselves what we thought of Bistro La Baia.

We were easily able to make our reservation by calling about a week in advance. While on the phone they let us know that they are BYOB. I noticed that past reviews note that it is cash only, but we learned that they do accept cards now. Upon our arrival for our Sunday night dinner, we were seated immediately, and brought water and bread with oil and balsamic.

Contrary to other reviews, the service was extremely prompt. We placed our full orders from starters to desserts and within minutes our first dishes were brought out. We were so shocked by the quick service that I checked the time, and learned we had been there 15 minutes when our entrees arrived. The entire experience start to finish took 48 minutes, but we did not feel rushed at all. I was seriously blown away considering what I had read from others regarding slow service being a big issue.

To eat, we started with the Eggplant Rollatini and Arancini. The Arancini was not crisp on the outside, but the flavor was good and the sauce was delicious. The Eggplant Rollatini was delicious and similar to the arancini, the sauce was perfection. I'm super picky when it comes to tomato sauce and I would genuinely eat this with a spoon. For entrees, my boyfriend had the Pappardelle con Salsiccia. The pasta was fresh, sausage was flavorful, and the sauce was delicious. The dish was very hot temperature wise as well, which was great because we made our walk over in the snow. For my entree, I had the Chicken Parmesan which was a gamble on my part. I tend to skip ordering chicken parm out, because I'm really picky. However, the picture of the dish on their website intrigued me so I went for it. I'm so glad that I did! The chicken was not crispy, but it was thinly sliced and portioned well. I ordered a side of veggies with it instead of the pasta. The veggies were so well seasoned! For dessert, we tried the Chocolate Cake and Panna Cotta. Both were great, but we both preferred the chocolate cake.

From start to finish, the service was attentive, the food was delicious, and the portions for the price were perfect. We're super excited to return with friends and enjoy this neighborhood BYOB gem!
Seriously disappointing.  We had a MAJOR problem (a bug!!! big one with scary legs!!!!) with our food and the apology was a dessert "to split" which one of us could not eat.  When explaining that one could not eat dairy, they essentially said, sorry, oh well, then there's nothing we can do.  Totally unacceptable response to bugs in food.  I'll never be back and I wouldn't recommend it.

Sensitivity Scale = -5
It was a cold night at the end of a long and arduous year, and COVID19 precautions had made dining out (literally, in little wooden sidewalk pod enclosures) less than completely appealing. But this lady was determined to still have a nice chef-prepared dinner for her wedding anniversary, and she was going to trek out by bus and trudge through icy air to get it.

Italian pasta was the plan, and after much searching on Yelp (whereby I discovered many COVID19-related closures), I finally found Bistro La Baia. With promising reviews, we decided to try this option on the outskirts of Rittenhouse Square. Lobster ravioli for me, and penne arrabiata for the significant other. The food was ready right on time when I arrived, and came with a complimentary bundled of delicious slices of Italian bread that practically crackles when bitten into.

The entrees were quite good as well. The ravioli consisted of six pieces, two sauteed shrimp and a rich, creamy tomato sauce. That and half a piece of the Italian bread made for a perfectly portioned and delicious meal for me. The penne arrabiata was a larger portion, and while not the best ever, it still met with the S.O.'s overall approval.

The sidewalk seating wooden pods were empty when I arrived, but that was before 6PM, so maybe the restaurant was busier later in the evening. It really gave me the impression of the sort of place that would primarily be frequented by residents of the surrounding neighborhoods. The one person I interacted with there was very polite and helpful (even giving me time to put my mittens back on before handing me the food for my journey home). I probably wouldn't have thought to try Bistro La Baia under most circumstances, so it was a nice discovery. I hope that it'll be able to survive the wave of restaurant closures that Philadelphia has seen as a result of the pandemic.
I've got to say, you think you know your neighborhood and then you take a random route home and discover this gem of a BYOB. 

Our server was especially gracious - made the place feel like our own. Though the ambiance was more old-fashioned it contributed to the homeliness aesthetic that everyone in our party came to immediately appreciate. Maybe it was the small space and the plug in space heater but whatever it was, I felt like I was watching the snow fall with a glass of wine from my own living room.

Now hands down the best part was truly the grilled calamari. I have never tasted calamari so good and I vowed to come back again and again with someone new until everyone I know has tried it.

The pasta dish I ordered was OK. The sauce was very delicious but there was something hot-dog-like about the sausage it was tossed with. 

Either way I highly recommend the visit - a definitely understated place to experience.
Groupon strikes again! Groupon is great because it allows you to try places you've never been... if you don't like it, you have the satisfaction of knowing you didn't pay full price. If you do, then you have the satisfaction of knowing you'll be bringing your business back to said establishment. Regrettably, this time, it was the former of the two.

Upon walking in to white tablecloths and neatly set place settings, I thought this place might have some class and hoped the food would follow suit... I was sorely disappointed.

The service here is very curt. I can usually overlook sub par service if the food compensates. Unfortunately, in this case...it did no such thing. The food here is just bland and boring. I received overcooked pasta in a flavorless vodka sauce with some sweet italian sausage. My dining companion had a similar opinion of his dish which was the pasta special of the day. The only thing that was enjoyable was the Mozzarella La Baia... though it is pretty difficult to mess up slicing a ball of mozzarella, a tomato, and some roasted red pepper and slapping basil on top. Even here, the tomato was not ripe. I was, for the first time, mad at how bad the food was for the price. Better pasta can be had at most ordinary pizza shops for half the price.

I was very surprised to see that most of the people that joined us in the dining room that evening had made reservations!

If you're thinking about going here, don't. Go to one of the many, far better Italian BYOs this city has to offer. Off of the top of my head I can think of: Popolino, Il Cantuccio, Modo Mio, Monsu... Each having perfectly executed food, good service, and a far more imaginative menu.

If you for some reason decide to eat here, note that it is cash only. Luckily, we did our homework and were prepared.
Bistro La Baia is my least favorite restaurant in the history of ever. Seriously. I have never been to a restaurant with such terrible service and such a rude staff.

When we entered Bistro La Baia, we were standing in the area between the door and the hostess stand, which is about 1 square foot wide. Because there wasn't much space some of the people in my party were standing in the doorway with the door open. The hostess (who I think is also the co-owner), aggressively demanded that we close the door. The entire staff spoke rudely to us the whole evening. 

Our party of 10 was seated in a space that should really have been for 4 people. I was so cramped and uncomfortable during my meal. When I tried to go to the bathroom, it took eons because the walkways are so skinny that only one person can pass through at a time. When I was walking back to my seat from the bathroom, a waiter was trying to get through from behind me and actually pushed me out of the way to barge through.

We raised our concerns to the owner, who proceeded to scream at us. TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. 

I've read through a bunch of the Yelp reviews, and my experience is definitely not unique. Countless other people have reported the exact same rudeness and terrible customer service.

The food was fine. Wasn't bad, but was nothing too memorable.
Had a groupon deal here.   The food was ok, service sucked.  2 old men work there greet you at the door and seat you.  Very small, AC (on a hot day) barely made the place cool. Cash only.  

Advice to owners:  the food wasn't that great, so you should at the least make it up with better service so people don't leave thinking "I'll never come back to this place"
Ahh, Valentine's Day... the hype around it gets so real. I can't imagine how horrible it was this year during the pandemic especially with capacity restrictions! Men, if you're reading this, do yourself a favor and make a reminder to not wait till the week before when making Valentine's Day plans next year. Reservations fill up quick!!

Anyway, my boyfriend did just that and waited the week before to make plans... Lucky for him, he was still able to find a place, and this is where he booked our reservations. It did not disappoint. I didn't mind not going somewhere popular for once. Bistro La Baia provided me with just the vibe I was looking for. 

I admit, we were a bit overdressed because we didn't know what to expect... but that's our own fault. The restaurant is def a hole in the wall, very homey feeling and we could've just dressed a bit more comfortably. I would describe the dress code as casual. But being that it was Valentine's Day it saved us from social embarrassment. LOL

The restaurant is very small, with tiny tables. It's a bit outdated inside, but it added a rustic feel. Didn't bother me too much. Service was good, the staff were very attentive. It's BYOB so make sure you bring some wine. Food was just delicious. They had a fixed menu (3 course meal) for Valentine's Day, but we had so many entrees to choose from! Which I loved. Everything was just superb and perfectly seasoned, I devoured everything instantly and left NO crumbs.

Would def return. 

Shh! Please don't tell my boyfriend that the lamb chops and tiramisu stole my heart on Valentine's Day
I went there two nights in a row because my friends love it. I don't understand why. The food was mediocre and the portions are only average. I finished my meal both nights and still had room for more food. I got lobster ravioli the first night and the calamari and linguini the second night. There just wasn't enough flavor in the sauces. As for the ravioli, I have had much better filling in a ravioli. I thought there was too much cheese and not enough lobster in there. 

Also, the place is extremely cramped. It is a very small restaurant and you feel like you are walking over other people to get to your table and exit the restaurant. I guess it could be considered cozy if you were on your date. But then again, if you were on a date, be prepared to have the people at the next table hear all of your mushy gushy sweet nothings
I actually had a wonderful experience here.  We made reservations - definitely necessary, and when we arrived a bit early we were actually seated quite quickly.  We sat outside even though it was a bit chilly, but it was entertaining people watching.... Quite a crowd of young college kids which could have definitely been annoying if we'd had to sit inside when they took the place over.

I also loved the food.  Starting out with grilled calamari - it was tender with a definite grill flavor and the dipping sauce was delicious olive oil/lemon/garlic.  We split gnocci (half pomodoro sauce, half with pesto) and one of the evenings specials lamb chops.  The gnocci was rich and both sauces were quite good.  The lamb chops were absolutely incredible though - 5 decent size lamb chops with a lovely marsala-type red wine based sauce and mashed potatoes that even someone from the midwest can approve.  I do wish they'd listed the specials somewhere, as it was a bit difficult to clearly understand the waiter when he described them.

Service was not the most attentive ever, but our waters were refilled often and we did not have to wait long either to order or to get our food.
Really disappointing! They cut corners everywhere and the food seriously suffers for it. One of the worst restaurants I've been to in Philly. Just sad, really.
My husband and I ate here on our anniversary and it was crap.  The wait staff were rude, making us move tables to accommodate friends of theirs halfway through our starters.  Seriously, we had to pick up our plates with half- eaten starters and find another table. My husband's food was bland and I got sick later that night after eating the mussels.
I arrived here a bit ahead of the party that I was joining. The host seated me promptly, and offered to open the bottle of Malbec I'd brought with me. I thanked him and poured myself a glass while I waited.

And then my dates arrived. All 16 of them. Just kidding, though I was in fact the only guy at the table - thank you, ballet class. Wine gets poured, orders are taken - soup of the day and calamari - and all the usual comings and goings of a restaurant occur thereafter.

I know complimentary bread with olive oil is a standard thing, but I still find it to be delicious, so that was pleasant.

The food came out, and I thoroughly I enjoyed their mushroom soup. Their grilled calamari was also good - nice charred flavoring, while at the same time retaining a moist, springy-but-not-chewy texture.

Service was quick and efficient, if not overly familial. Suggestions came out quickly, along with answers to any questions we had. Bottles were opened when they needed to be, water was poured when it was empty, nd empty bottles were taken away.

All in all, this place is nice - cozy and quaint. Nothing I'd write home about, but definitely worth a visit. You may love it.

Also, I like that it's a BYO. Though, I may want to hit it on less busy nights.

Pro-tip: Be prepared to be around a lot of college aged folks. Meaning you may make guest appearances in lots of Facebook pictures. Also, this place is cash only!
I hate to give this restaurant only two stars, but that's all they deserve. Unfortunately, the service was just so poor. When I first walked in, the waiter just stared at me instead of welcoming me into the restaurant, which seems like an obvious, socially intelligent thing to do. Also, there were only two waiters working on a Friday night despite them being very busy. Now, it's understandable if places are busy - that's not why they're getting 2 stars. What really seals the deal is that they were unapologetic about the bad service! It took forever to place our orders and to have the food brought out to us. They offered no explanations or apologies for the poor service. In order to order dessert we really had to flag down someone down! Throughout our meal, they didn't check up on us at all! That's just lower than the bare minimum of poor behavior...

The reason I'm not giving this restaurant one star is because their food was good with generous portions and an acceptable price. I won't be for coming back again because they act they don't want business.

As for the other characteristics, there's plenty of outdoor seating although it is quite bare looking. Also, the inside is quite cute with a calming painting on the wall. It is BYOB as well.
Service is great, and all the foods tasted really good. The portion sizes were really big and we had a great time here. 

We were given complimentary bread and started off with some appetizers (Polenta Bruschetta, Eggplant Rollatini, and PEI Mussels). I highly recommend the PEI mussels on white wine sauce and leaving some of the bread to dip with the sauce! My party got the Gnocchi Pesto, Linguine Meatballs, Linguine Clams with White Sauce, and Fettuccine Short Rib Ragu. They were all very good. The meatballs in the Linguine Meatballs were huge had cheese in them! For dessert we ordered the Pistachio Panna Cotta (highly recommend), Semifreddo, and a cup of coffee. 

The place is very small, but the atmosphere is very cozy and cute. I would recommend calling ahead if you want to eat indoors during this pandemic. Would love to come again!
We were able to snag a last minute 7pm reservation on a Friday which should have been a sign to stay away. 

The restaurant was empty when we arrived and smelled dirty. The front of house, consisting of an older gentlemen and what I assume is his wife, seemed rushed and couldn't care less whether we were there or not. The back of house however was super friendly and attentive. I feel bad they have to suffer for their bosses' rudeness. 

Food was delivered promptly and everything actually tasted good (credited again to back of house). When it came time to pay the bill we lingered a little too long. Instead of telling us they had another reservation already waiting for our table the owner said "Come on, you've been here since 7pm." We promptly paid and started to gather our things when the owner began loudly commenting on the amount we tipped. I was a waitress and would have never treated a customer the way we were treated. Never once were we told that there were other people waiting outside for our table.

On our way out the door the older female stood in the pathway to the door. When I said "excuse me" she didn't budge so we had to push past her. 

The owners need to work on their attitude. I hope they don't treat their employees as bad as they treat their customers.
Came here on restaurant week this week and had a good meal. Everything was good, but nothing was amazing/blew me away. The meatball appetizer was good, the chicken parm was solid, and the tiramasu was good as well. All good, but nothing out of this world. The inside was SO TINY! It was a bit uncomfortable at times - my chair backed into the table behind me, and the table next to was was no more than 10 inches apart. We also had to ask for bread - guess it's not standard? It was delicious, but odd that we had to ask for it. Overall, a good meal, but nothing that blew me away.
So this spot has a new owner and we had the pleasure of talking to him last night. The awesome thing about this is that he realized through the reviews that the food here was tasty but the previous staff was yucky, so he kept the food and changed the staff. Good move!

I ordered the Caesar salad, grilled calamari, and baked mushrooms and shrimp. My salad was DELICIOUS--the dressing was homemade and the greens were super fresh. The calamari was sooo yummy, but be sure to ask for it with a bit of greens to sop up the super tasty garlic and herb olive oil that they drizzle on top. The mushrooms and shrimp had potential, but weren't my favorite. I would hope that the owner maybe revamps that dish using whole shrimp and a better mushrooms--I also suggested putting it over a bit of risotto. 

The decor was super dated, but being a tiny restaurant, I'm sure he can make a few impactful changes really easily to make his new place more appealing.

All in all, I think the new ownership may be just what the doctor ordered in terms of bringing Bistro La Baia back to life!
I've always said LaBaia has been one of my favorite Italian restaurants--the food is great-- but I feel like the owners need a vacation. They've gotten progressively grumpier over the years. After a terse greeting, we were seated in a tiny uncomfortable nook INCHES away from another couple. I could smell the woman next to me (she smelled fine, but I could SMELL HER). 

We requested to move because there were a bunch of other tables available. The specials were recited to us like we were about to audit their restaurant. The dude came over every 3 minutes and asked us "You ready?". We weren't. It made me very anxious.

As a Leo, I need to constant approval of my peers. I am friendly and I don't understand why these guys don't like me. WHY WONT THEY LIKE ME?

The pot brownies started to kick in when our entrees arrived so that was pretty sweet. Two and a half stars.
Beware of the only BYOB in Philly that charges a corkage fee..... 

Grumpy service from what seem to be owners.

Food is fine but not great. Would not go back if given the choice
This is a very cute mom and pop kinda local place. It is very unassuming and doesn't look like there's a lot of flare to it. But that's  why the price is low for a restaurant in the city. We came here for restaurant week on a very hot spring day(91 outside). So sitting outside was tough since there was little air flow in the outside seating area. They seemed busy since it was a Saturday night but we didn't have to wait long for a seat or our food. Food wise it was pretty good. Might not be the most amazing Italian food you'll ever have but it's pretty good and I would recommend trying this local place out. Flavors and seasoning were both good. Check them out and it's BYOB! Ok
Worst customer service ever. The hostess was rude the second we entered. The waiter was extremely impatient. I ordered the mushroom and shrimp appetizer and it was pretty terrible. We tried to talk to owner about the rude staff but he started SCREAMING at us. I would not go there ever again.
Awesome Italian in Philly plus BYOB ! Went during the pandemic where we could only eat outside, they kept us feeling warm and were very tentative. The owners are AMAZING, truly Italian and super kind...was so happy to give them business during this time. The food itself is WOW, we all got different dishes & for myself I got the Lobster Ravioli which was divine. The break was homemade as well and we couldn't stop eating it! Finished off with a nice Limoncello shot ... will be back for sure!
I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT.  i come here to celebrate, or to mope after a difficult week.  the service is terrific!  they always remember my face AND what my favorites are.  it's affordable for the area.  being a BYO doesn't hurt.  i recommend reservations, but if you want to walk in, do it early in the evening.  the neighborhood crowd starts walking in by around 8pm most nights.  it's a fantastic place, but snug in seating.  what they lack in space they make up for in freshness of food and friendly service.  best italian for me in the city without a doubt.
Bistro La Baia has the best gnocchi in Philly, in my humble opinion! Their outdoor tables for 2-4 guests are 6 ft apart or separated by partitions and covered for comfortable outdoor dining in any weather. There was a beautiful tree blooming next to the tables when I visited.

In an effort to call attention to COVID-safe outdoor dining done well and support local businesses, I have started an Instagram account @PhillyCovidDiningGuide showing the outdoor setups at restaurants! Check out my post on Bistro La Baia and others here https://www.instagram.com/phillycoviddiningguide/
Tried to go here for dinner tonight, and when I used the bathroom, the walls were covered in fruit flies (about a dozen fruit flies in the bathroom, right next to the kitchen). My friend and I tried to ignore the issue because the staff had been so nice, but as she was talking I noticed a couple fruit flies circling her head. I turned around to see another half dozen sitting on the wall behind me. We had no choice but to leave. This wasn't just one stray fly. I'm still itchy at the thought of it.
I live two doors down from this place and wanted to try it for the longest time. They are always packed when I walk by at night (only open for dinner). Luckily, one night when la viola and la fontana had ridiculous waits, this was next on my list. We arrived just as a large party was clearing out so we were seated right away which was nice. What wasn't so nice is that we were squeezed into a tiny table right by the door when there were plenty of other open tables. 

Anyway, looking past that the food was pretty good. We ordered the calamari, which to our surprise was grilled and not fried. It was good but kind of bland without the breading. I ordered penne with eggplant and marscapone cheese, and my date had some sort of ravioli. They were both really tasty. Nothing crazy, but good, simple italian food. The portions are large, and I had enough of my pasta to take home and eat for another meal. The prices are reasonable as well, and they have a pretty good selection on their menu, which is usually not the case at tiny BYOBs. They are cash only though, so make sure you bring some.
I miss traveling to Italy due to the Pandemic and this place reminded me of the "mom and pop" shops in Rome. EXCELLENT food, the nicest staff, it's perfect. 
We even saw some rude guests who they bent over backward multiple times to accommodate. 
Their pesto and their homemade pasta are to die for. This is our new favorite place. We will be back!!!!
I was wandering around in search of dinner while on business in Philadelphia.  I walked by La Baia, and the aroma coming from inside was incredible!  I was the only customer at 6:30pm on a Thursday night.  Seemed like a classic Italian restaurant, and I was hopeful I would have delicious food and warm, friendly hosts.  I ordered the pasta special: linguine with onions, peas and vodka sauce.  The peas were not fresh - probably frozen, with a chalky texture and weird flavor.  The vodka sauce was just okay, and a bit on the salty side.  It was a large serving I didn't finish for $20. Way over priced in my opinion, especialy when the food was just "so-so."  Service was the bare minimum. Cash only. BYOB.
I went here with a group of current students and alumni from UPenn for a BYOB during homecoming weekend. All in all, the food was good (I got the pesto gnocchi), but a little bit boring as it wasn't paired with anything else. I was able to overcome this by sampling one of the other dishes, the gnocchi with tomato sauce. The service was solid and the cash only aspect did not detract from the ease of settling the bill.
The food here isn't bad per se, but neither is it particularly good.

The pasta was not al dente enough. When the centerpiece of your dish is pasta, it had better be cooked to perfection. The sauces were fine, nothing out of the ordinary. The mushroom appetizer was sauteed with onions, breadcrumbs and parmesan crumbles. There may also have been a few pieces of shrimp hidden in there. While tasty, it was nothing I couldn't make myself. The grilled calamari was also fine: a little on the rubbery side, but the lemon butter herb dip was good. Portion sizes were pretty decent, but prices were a little expensive for what you were getting (~$17 per home-style pasta dish). 

Service wasn't overtly friendly, but neither was it rude. It was perfunctory and serviceable. Also the lighting is now super bright. It used to be super dark. Find a happy medium, people!

All in all, there are better Italian BYOS that cost the same or less, so I would say skip this place unless you're in the area and don't mind paying a lot of money for blandish homecooked food.
This is the kinda place where everyone knows your name - 1. Because it is so small, you have to sit on top of the table next to you and 2. because if you aren't a regular, don't bother going. They clearly don't care to make you one either.

That said, the food is pretty great. My BF is a big Italian food fan and I think I saw him contemplating licking the plate. I am not an Italian fan so I went with the steak special and loved it. 

The upside is the food is great and price reasonable since it is a BYO, but the downside is it looks slightly better the 1995 Days Inn.
La Baia is right outside my door, which makes it a super convenient spot to grab dinner. You can usually get a table outside when it's nice out with no wait. It's a BYOB and there's no corkage fee. The staff is friendly. I only wish the food were a little better. 

It's basic Italian food. Nothing modern or fancy. And it's not bad, but it's not amazing, either. The texture of the gnocchi is great, but the pesto it comes in is way too salty. The best bet is the special of the day, which is often lamb. 

Also... this place is cash only. I almost never have any money on me, so I always have to plan in advance before going here.
Fresh bread that's piping hot? Check.
Fabulous outdoor seating? Check.
Good food? Check.
Reasonable prices? Check.
BYOB? Check.

What's not to love?

-1 star b/c the staff isn't the friendliest.
Extremely disappointed with the food at this restaurant. You think "cute mom and pop" style place; however, the couple that runs the restaurant are not the friendliest. Additionally, the place just screams dirty. To top it off, the food was horrible: overcooked pasta, hardly any sauce, luke warm to just plain cold veal. Run away from this place and go to the many other delicious Italian restaurants in the city.
Great BYOB, I really liked being able to bring my own alcohol and save money there. The food was amazing. We got the special appetizer (spinach and ricotta dumplings), the caprese, lobster ravioli, and linguine and meatballs. Great portions, good pricing, and the bread served with the meal was great. 
    Yes it's a small place and a tight squeeze but they were able to accommodate 8 of us (with reservation). I would absolutely go again
Visited during Philly Restaurant Week and was incredibly disappointed by the food and service

The food was edible but a bit overpriced at the $40 per head Restaurant Week pricing

The meatballs were a fine appetizer- the meal went downhill from there

The gnocchi a la pesto, while rich in color, was lacking in flavor. The tiramisu was uninspiring.

The worst aspect of our experience was certainly the pace of service. Despite receiving our appetizers within 15 minutes of ordering, we waited over an hour for our entrees to be served.
I've been coming here for several years and it's always a pleaser.  The new owners stuck with the old menu and it's better than ever.  Came recently with the Covid restrictions keeping us outdoors and it was so good.  BYOB is a nice aspect in Philadelphia and even though the liquor stores were all closed we were able to pick up a decent bottle next door for cheap and thoroughly enjoyed our evening at Bistro La Baia
For some reason, people love this little Italian eatery.

It is wicked small, and can get loud. But such makes a great Italian BYOB eatery's atmosphere.

The reason it gets 3 stars from me was the food. It wasn't spectacular Italian at all. Actually there is another reason: service. The wait is usually ridiculous (make reservations) and the servers are kinda cold and unfriendly. And if you are in an aisle seat, prepared to get bumped by the servers going in and out of the kitchen!
BYO which is always a good thing.  Went with two of my girlfriends.  The server (an older man who might be the owner or something like that) was a little arrogant.  Maybe I should say unfriendly and to the point.  

We shared a mussels app...sauce was amazing!  I had the Lobster Ravioli which was also amazing.  My friends had a chicken entree and a pescatore type entree.  I'd say mine was the best though.  Bread was warm and addictive (especially dipped in the app's sauce).  

I'd recommend it for small groups.  It's TINY!!!  Seriously, there can't be more than maybe 30 people in there?!  Great prices, too.
Wonderful place! The food is perfect and the service is exceptional. Feels like you're sitting down at your Nonna's house for a home cooked meal. BYOB is great as you can enjoy a great bottle of wine or two with you meal. You won't be disappointed going here!
No idea where the negative reviews are coming from...but if it is due to change in ownership then that's great! The food was PHENOMENAL and the service and the owner were so on point and polite.  

We came here during super bowl sunday so there was not much rush but the food came out on time and was very good.  I'm vegetarian so I got the Penne Arabbitica (I'm pretty sure I spelled that incorrectly...) and I've never tasted pasta that good :)

Would highly recommend!
Called at 5:30 pm on Valentines day for a reservation and they had a table available, so that was great!  We get there at 7:35 for a 7:30 res. and our table is ready - thank you!  That's how it should be. The prices on the menu were higher than we saw on the website but we think this is b/c it was a holiday.  We ordered the baked mushroom appetizer, and I expected it to be stuffed mushroom caps as usual, so I was surprised when they brought out something totally different!  It was mushroom slices with garlic, seasonings and some breading and mixed in were large pieces of shrimp.  It was fantastic.  And the serving was very large - more than enough for two people.  We were happy.  I ordered the fish special as my entree, which was Striped Bass with fresh calamari, shrimp, mussels and clams in a light red sauce.  It was a lot of food! I loved it.  The flavor of the sauce was perfect, not too salty, and complimented the fish and the shellfish.  It was cooked to perfection, falling apart and tender.  My date ordered the veal chop, and it was a generous size.  It came with a side of grilled winter vegetables and smashed red potatoes that were  flavorful and tasty.  I tasted a piece of his veal and I wanted more, but I had to be nice... 

As I looked around at what other people had ordered I was wishing I could try more things - they all looked delicious.  Maybe I was really hungry?  The waiter was very cute, an older guy with an italian accent who spoke in one word responses.  I loved it.  He did his job well and didn't interfere with our experience in any way.  They did charge us a $2 corking fee which is kinda silly, and like I said I think the prices were jacked up for it being Valentine's, but other than that it was a really nice experience.  Good Job Bistro La Baia! Ps, the desserts looked awesome, but our bellies were too full.  This place is cash only and BYOB.

Recommendations: Turn the lights down just a little bit more.  Other than that, keep up the good work.
In a city full of Italian BYO's, La Baia stands out for the wrong reason--their terrible service.  The two owners have been blatantly rude to us and to other guests we've sat near on multiple occasions.  I had eaten there nearly a dozen times when all of a sudden they decided to arbitarily charge a corking fee.  There was no mention of it when we sat down or ordered, nor was it on the menu.  It was just an attempt for the hostile husband and wife owners to make an extra few bucks and aggravate good customers.  They have also been known to ask guests who they deem are taking too long to leave since they want to turn over the table.  Nonetheless, the food and value are pretty good; however, I can't stand to give such inconsiderate people my money.
I have to say, after reading all of the negative reviews of this place, I was very impressed. My friend and I had dinner there this week and found the staff to be helpful as well as attentive. The lobster ravioli is amazing and so was the baked mushroom app that we split. For two entrees and an app, our bill was surprisingly cheap. Great outdoor seating as well. The place is small so I would suggest making a reservation.
While in Philly last weekend, my friend and I went to dinner at Bistro La Baia. It's one of her favorite restaurants, and she was excited to have me try it.

We arrived around 6:30 on a Friday night. We didn't have reservations, and there were a few larger parties that night, so we had a choice of a cramped table in the corner (with a 1 hour limit, as they'd need the table for someone with a 7:30pm reservation), or a table right in front of the door. The restaurant was tiny, like most good Philly BYOB restaurants. However, the number of tables and arrangement made it feel a bit cramped. 

I think the restaurant is owned by a couple and the waiter is their son (pure conjecture!). Throughout the dinner, I couldn't tell if the staff was friendly or unfriendly- they were just very straight-forward and to the point. However, there were a few regulars there who they talked to for awhile and seemed friendly with.

They promptly opened up our bottle of wine, and then brought us some bread. It was delicious, and served with a bowl of olive oil and balsamic vinegar. We ran out of bread quickly and asked for more- they brought us some, but didn't refill our olive oil (sadface). For appetizers, we both ordered Caesar salads ($7 each). I ordered mine without cheese and with dressing on the side (I'm not supposed to eat dairy), and not only was he nice about me being high maintenance, the salad also came out correctly. For our entrees, I ordered potato gnocchi in pesto sauce ($12) and my friend ordered the lobster ravioli ($14). I didn't try her ravioli, but she said it was her favorite dish there. My gnocchi was delicious but the sauce was a tiny bit heavier than I was hoping (but still good). We ate ourselves full and still had plenty of pasta left to take home. 

Overall, Bistro La Baia was cute, small, inexpensive, and had minimal frills. Most importantly, the food was tasty and came in quantity. I would definitely go back next time I was in Philly!
Hidden gem! The food is absolutely delicious!! They make all of their own pastas and the prices are super reasonable. Portion sizes are good so you won't leave hungry. BYO! It's a small place.
Steer clear of this place if you can. It is small, cramped, and filled with fruit flies. Our entrées were flavorless, but the homemade pasta was decent. The absolute worst part about this place is the older man and woman who are presumably the owners. They both waited on our table and were both incredibly rude, pushy, and of no help at all.  To top it all off, we were rudely told to leave approximately 1 hour after we sat down so that they could make room for a large party - learn how to manage your tables! Also, there is a $3 "uncorking" fee, which is a joke. It's only $3, but it's the principle of paying $3 for the rude woman to uncork the bottle and fill your glasses once. I will not be returning.
Decent place, service very accomodating.  Like La Viola, is very cramped but personable.  I had the penne arrabiata but wasn't the biggest fan of it, which may be why i'm holding out on the last star.   It didn't have that much sauce and was a bit more spicy than I was comfortable with (and I can handle my spicy!).  I tried some of my friend's dishes though, and they seemed better.  With the prices though, definitely worth a try.  Just be sure to get reservations because this place gets packed!
This is a neighborhood staple and favorite BYO that offers very solid, classic Italian dishes at a very reasonable price in a relaxed environment. Service is always fast and friendly. Never had a bad meal there. It's definitely a go to when it comes to a casual weeknight dinner when we don't feel like cooking. Great place!
For months, I've been wanting to go to La Baia for dinner, and last night my boyfriend suggested an impromtu date night...woo hoo!  We grabbed a bottle of wine and walked over, and we knew immediately that it would be delicious.  You walk in, and it feels like you're in your grandmother's living room.  There is something so incredibly homey about this place from the decor to the staff.  I love the kind of places that are more hole-in-the-wall where you can hear the server just verbalize the order to the chef, and La Baia is certainly that kind of place!

We started with the fungi appetizer, which was absolutely enough for the two of us to share with the bread basket before our entrees came out.  I got the gnocci with pesto and my boyfriend got pasta with sausage in a vodka cream sauce.  They were both very filling, and the perfect comfort food for a chilly night.  For dessert we shared the "Dark Side of the Moon" cake...chocolate cake, chocolate mousse, and ganache...how could you possibly go wrong?!  The prices were also completely reasonable.  Our check came to a total of about $50 including tax and everything.

There were only two other tables in the time that we were sitting (it was a Wednesday night), and the waitstaff  knew them both.  Bistra La Baia is the kind of place where I'd love to be a regular and feel like I'm part of the family too!  I cannot wait for our next date night--I've already picked out what my next meal will be!
The food here is good. The staff is horrible. Our meal was so rushed, the owner even had the nerve to tell us that we needed to hurry up and order so they could turn the table. Yet, we waited 40 minutes for bread. Would never go back. There are much nicer Italian BYOBS in the area with better food, WAY better service, and comparable prices. Go to La Viola or La Fontana instead.
Visiting for the weekend and was so happy we stopped by. Food was delicious and staff was SO friendly. Atmosphere was intimate and romantic.
Hmm I'm giving out way too may five-star reviews, but there's really something about La Baia that I love!! It's a tiny, shabby chic Italian restaurant... Homey yet still soft and romantic. I honestly think it's great for any occasion - a date, dinner with friends, rush event... You name it. The staff is very accommodating and the food comes out QUICK, even if you have a huge party that's hijacking the restaurant. Service is a bit unintentionally brusque, nothing objectionable. Adds to the rustic atmosphere I guess!!

There's something about the bread here that's so good! It's always so piping hot and tastes amazing in the olive oil. I've had two of their pastas, the linguine alla vongole (in red sauce; excellent), and a penne dish with eggplant in a pink sauce. Both were really hearty and satisfying. As long as you don't expect anything out of the box here, just some simple Italian home cooking, you won't be disappointed!!
I advise anyone to stay away from this place, unless you enjoy being insulted/yelled at by the restaurant owners. 

Service was rude from the minute we walked in. We were meeting friends who had been holding a table for us. Granted we were running a bit late, but there was NO ONE else waiting so we really didn't think it was necessary to treat us like criminals. 

The restaurant is so crowded that one has hardly room to breathe. When the lady who would later serve us (presumably one of the restaurant owners) was standing by the door, my friend could not get up to go to the bathroom. I asked her politely if she could move to the side so my friend could go use the restroom, she told me in a very rude voice to "just wait" (not sure what she was doing...). 

We were also told that we would have to vacate the table in 45 min (although it turned out no one had reserved our table)

We were later joined by two other friends who did not eat an entree (but four of us ordered appetizer, entree, dessert and coffee, spending over $30 per person), but at no point in the process did they have to make ANYONE wait on a table or turn anyone away because we were "taking up" their precious seats. I suppose this was still enough reason for them to categorize us as customers who came to take advantage of their restaurant. Our candle at the table was never lit, and every one of our dishes was served with a good dose of contempt. 

When the bill came, we were quite surprised to find corking charges and roughly 20% gratuity added to our bill (neither was mentioned anywhere on the menu or by our server). When we politely inquired about these charges, we were yelled at by the restaurant owner (presumably husband of afore-mentioned lady) that he had been in the restaurant business for over 20 years and that we were not in a position to tell him what to do. 

Food was decent but by far did not offset even a fraction of the terrible experience.
I've been here three times now with friends for a large party - birthday, retirement, and another birthday. In a city of really good Italian, it's good. But far from great! 

The starters are rather large portions, but not that creative. Each time I've been here, I've had a boring salad (honestly, it was the only option I was open to / interested in).  The pasta I had was pretty darn delicious and on point (penne arrabbiata) - but honestly, that is pretty hard to get wrong - and it wasn't blow your mind good, but it was certainly good.  The dessert was good - again not great. 

The thing that I really appreciated about this joint, was the service.  We've had large parties here both times, and both times they were MORE than accommodating and helpful, which I really appreciate.  There are just other Italian options I'd pursue first!
First and last time dining here at La Baia! 
To start the place was unbearably tight, with a tiny unisex bathroom; which had fruit flies on the walls! Went to eat with a large group on a Saturday night, the reservation was set for 30 people, with 24 people only showing up we lucked out because there was NO more space to fit the remaining people! People came late due to traffic, and the hostess was unbelievably rude and pushy about how long and how many more people were coming. On top of that she greeted every person with a miserable face and attitude rather than a smile and a hello. We asked for bread while waiting for everyone to arrive, our response was a huff and a puff and yet we still waited 30 minutes just for bread and olive oil to dip. Once everyone arrived, we were all rushed to take our orders, being pushy moving fast, and not giving anyone a second to even ask a question about the menu, "are you ready", "ready", "next" is how our order was taken. Finally when the food came out it was shoved in front of each person with an eye roll. 

The food; where do I even start!!..
the chicken piccatta..the veggies and 1/2 a scoop of mashed potatoes were the only thing edible. The chicken was grey/over cooked and just gross. I couldn't even cut the chicken with a butter knife that was given to us.
the gnocchi..very dry and over cooked with no taste. the sauce couldn't even help it!
lobster raviolis were the only thing edible of which the party was served.

the bill!
so we called and spoke with the owner several occasions in length about what the party was for/the size/time/pricing/menu, how ever even though the reservation was originally made for 30 only 24 people came. which they were aware of, and like previously said THANK GOD because they didn't have enough room to accommodate our party (I honestly felt bad for the other guest because they all looked like they were squeezed into their tables). the hostess came out as I was getting up to the bathroom and said she would bring me the bill (which she never did because it was "suppose to come out in an envelope"). she showed me the final cost which was charging for 30 people when only 24 people came and ate. We tried to have a conversation with both the hostess and the owner about the bill and we were immediately shut down and rudely told that he "held extra tables and never sat people at them because of our party" which in fact was a lie because every table there was filled and sat twice while we were there. He even tried to take a small table away from our table which we were already smashed into and had no room. 

When we tried to leave the owner physically stood in front of the door an grabbed several of our guest!! When we informed him that we were going to call the cops is when he finally stepped aside to allow the rest of the party out, from which he still kept yelling at our guest as the walked out! 

Overall, HORRIBLE!!!!!!
Terrible, rude service + mediocre flavorless pasta = one start rating.

I should have asked my friend to pick a new restaurant when I saw that this place had such low ratings on Yelp. If it wasn't for the great company of friends I was with, the owner/manager/head server at this place would have ruined my night. 

First and foremost, the servers were not doing their job. They never refilled our wine glasses. The server seemed annoyed when I asked him clarifying questions on the specials - he literally started walking away as I was still asking a question. We had to ask them to take away our plates once we were done eating because we got tired of staring at them. They seemed bothered to be doing their job - ex #1 "Could you bring back our wine to refill our glasses?" Result: Bottle gets plopped down on the table. No one serves it and they don't bother to take it back to continue chilling it.

The calamari spicy marinara pasta dish had no flavor - it was not spicy, it was not flavorful and, frankly, it looked like crap when it was served on the plate. No pride in presentation what so ever. The risotto salmon that I ordered tasted good but upset my stomach all night and morning (no need to add details).

The cherry on top of it all was that when the bill came, we were still finishing our wine and talking. The were other parties also wrapping up their dinners in the restaurant, empty tables, no wait. The servers stared at us from the head of our table and from the kitchen entrance way. They just kept sending us these non-verbals that they clearly wanted us to leave - but not the other customers. We hadn't been obnoxious or loud so I really don't understand what caused them to treat us so rudely. He even grabbed the finished wine bottle from our table without saying a word to us and threw it away - since I was planning on keeping the blue bottle I had to ask him to return it. The night was just full of these awkward exchanges caused by these reluctant servers who missed the memo that to be a server you should enjoy serving people.
Great food, great service everytime we have been in this little BYOB. The lamb chops are out of this world.
Came here for restaurant week and was very happy. The service was a tad slow but there was a large party and a few other tables with only 2 servers. Nothing to complain about though and the food was delicious. 

We started with Caesar salads, meatballs and risotto balls as app,  I had Bolognese with pappardelle pasta as my main dish and my bf has penne vodka with sausage - it was very good and the portions were pretty large. I took half of it home. 

We had tiramisu and an ice cream dish for dessert that were both perfect. I would go back again for sure.
I've never heard anyone talk about this place and I'm not sure why.  It's a really cute BYOB that's worth checking out.  The inside is really reminiscent of your Italian grandmother's dining room - compact and cozy.  You'll be sitting close to the people next to you, so if that type of thing bothers you, then this is not the place for you.

The service was really attentive and friendly and the food came out pretty quickly, which was nice, because I was starving.  The meal started out with hot, freshly baked bread!  That's always the best way to get on my good side.  I'm never a fan of cold bread.

Sicilian eggplant appetizer - the perfect accompaniment to the bread!  An assortment of fresh vegetables and olives in a vinaigrette sauce.  I could have used a bit more cheese.

Gnocchi with red sauce - this was served in a huge portion.  The sauce was flavorful and they provided lots of grated cheese for me to pour on top!  I had to take about half of it home, and it actually tasted even better the next day.

Desserts were just traditional Italian fare, so I decided to skip them.   Cash only!
Excellent food!  I had the chicken piccata and the boy had salmon risotto.  He is still raving. Great little mom & pop restaurant.
Accommodated a late res so four happy diners were we. Chardonnay and bubbly in hand we arrived hungry

Our party was immediately seated on top of another four top. Elbow to elbow we slowly realized why they took our last minute reservation. Empty tables teased us as the staff fumbled down a slight, slim alley of tables surely close if not over the legal seating count of L&I.  Delish lobster ravioli came out quickly and kept us happy despite our snarled faced waiter. 

So if you want your BYOB with a side of ass in your face (literally, the hostess bent over next to our table without appropriate space to do so) then make your Rez now for next Saturday night. And, don't ask for extra cheese.
I mean...this is possibly the BEST Italian food that I have ever had. Their tomato sauce is simply beautiful. (Had the orecchiette with shrimp and tomato sauce) I could have made some very inappropriate moaning sounds had I not been on a business dinner. 

Yes small, cash only, BYOB, but all of that only adds to the charm. 

Can't wait until I am in town again. I will beat a path to La Baia immediately!
I've been to this restaurant several times over many many years. It has that great philadelphia ByOB vibe. Unfortunately not much has changed over the years and I think the inside is very dated and almost dirty. We sat outside which was a pleasant experience. Food was very average. I would love to see a place like this evolve with the times but thus far, it hasn't.
Two words...Chicken Parmesan.  It isn't on the menu, but ask for it.

La Baia is interesting...definitely a mom and pop joint (which I love) with good italian food.  Who doesn't like an inexpensive italian meal?  And its a BYO.  I would recommend this as a date or for a group of friends...or a double date.  Just a relaxed place to grab some good food.

I think one of the complaints is the service...but with all mom and pop type places, you need to engage the waiter before they will take the best care of you.  So be nice and you have nothing to worry about.

Solid little BYO.
Nightmare dining experience! My husband and I dined at Bistro La Baia for the first (and last!) time on Saturday night. The place is very narrow and tiny, and the surly, unsmiling hostess led us to a tiny table near the entrance, close to the (open) door, in between the tables against both walls -- with very little room for our chairs. There was also barely any room for anyone to squeeze by us on either side, which everyone, servers and patrons alike, had to do to get anywhere. I asked to be moved to another table, and was told no, despite the fact that no one ended up sitting at one adjacent to us against the wall the entire time we were there. I mentioned that it was chilly with the door open, so the hostess said she'd close it, which she never did. Worst service ever.

We watched the hostess fill water glasses for a very large party which had mostly not yet arrived before she finally decided to give us water. We did get a little dish of olive oil with balsamic vinegar, but it was quite some time before bread was served to go with it. I ordered chicken piccata, a nice-sized boneless chicken breast supposedly in a lemon white wine sauce, but upon tasting it found no evidence of any lemon. It was completely bland. The veggies and small scoop of mashed potatoes were okay, but it was by far the worst chicken piccata I've ever had. My husband's penne puttanesca was just okay. As the large party arrived, the place became unbearably noisy (not to mention cold, with the door open), and we were extremely uncomfortable at our tiny table, which could barely contain our dishes along with the bread basket and which people were continually trying to squeeze past. We didn't stay for dessert as we could not wait to get out of there. Worst dining experience in every way!
Had a reservation with Bistro La Baia and as we walked in, the owner acknowledged that we have a reservation for two but said he cannot seat us at the moment. No problem, I understand that sometimes the schedule runs a little tight and issues do come up. 
As I looked around the room I saw two open tables for two and asked why we couldn't be seated at any one of those tables. The man gave no reason and simply keeps saying that he cannot seat us there. 
When I said that I would be making sure to mention this in my review of the restaurant online, the owner responded with "I don't think you want to be eating here tonight" and continued repeating that essentially forcing us to leave the restaurant. 
Least to say, it's a crowded restaurant with little seating and their rating is already pretty low. If you're looking for a good place to eat, trust me, there are a lot of better options in CC and they'll cost you about the same. Don't make our mistake and find a reputable place that will leave you with a good experience.
Tried to park outside his restaurant in an available parking spot and the owner told me he was expecting a delivery. When I didn't immediately move he yelled at me to "go f*** myself" repeatedly and advanced towards me threateningly. Gonna go ahead and skip eating at this one.
Dining experiences are creatures of happenstance, as indicated by the variable reviews below of this cozy and simple neighborhood bistro.  Expectations can be difficult, especially for a no frills place like this that is not working especially hard to impress, but rather is focused on feeding folks a good meal at a fair price. While I concur that I would not drive across town to dine at La Baia, I would also not hesitate to return here next time I was catching a show at one of the many theaters nearby.  Prices are quite reasonable, portions were perfect and well prepared, and the menu seems to have something to please just about every appetite.

The menu consists of basic northern Italian dishes sprinkled with a few non-traditional Italian dishes (e.g., New York strip steak).  There is nothing that is altogether fancy -- unless you consider lobster ravioli or salmon risotto "fancy."  Essentially, it is reliable home cooking for neighborhood clientele and anyone else who happens to stumble upon this quiet corner.  Comments about the neighborhood being sketchy are unfounded.  This is a perfectly safe place to be at night.  And that's coming from a guy who does not live in the city!

Service was casual and polite, although I could see how these guys could also be quite frank and, yes, perhaps even a bit gruff on occasion.  Whatever the case, the staff seemed genuinely loved by the regulars, who seemed to make up more than half of their customer base on this Saturday night.  We arrived fairly late for dinner (10:30), but they generously accommodated us, served us quickly,  and we showed our appreciation by not lingering too long.  Result -- everyone was happy!

All said, Bistro La Baia is a mighty fine choice for a no nonsense, inexpensive, and "home cooked" meal if and when you find yourself in the area of SE Rittenhouse Square.
The food here is good. The seafood angel hair pasta I ordered was well cooked and flavorful. For calamari and mussels at a BYOB, $18 seems like a fair price. The special for the night, however, was a simple spaghetti with ground beef at $19. I thought it was overpriced for what it was.

Where they really lost me was the service. The waitress, a middle aged woman with a very slight accent that could've been from any large East coast city, was rude, never cracked a smile, and insisted that our payment be recounted multiple times because, in her words, "I bet they counted wrong". I understand the need to double check, but do you really need to vocalize it in such a condescending way? I don't know how they've stayed in business with that level of service. Hopefully their other servers have more common sense.
We went on a friday night around 7:30pm and it was pretty empty. The crowd started to roll in around 8:30pm to 9pm. It is a small and crowded place but very charming like La Viola. The specials included pork chops, shell pasta with sausage, lamb chops and tilapia. My future father in law had the shell pasta with sausage and it came in a large portion. It was creamy and the sausage was very flavorful. My fiance had the lobster ravioli -- I couldn't taste much lobster from my bite but he loved it. It had the same creamy sauce as the sausage pasta dish. I had the veal with porcinni mushroom. It came with mashed potatoes and veggies. Pretty good as well. The veal was cooked just right and thin. The sauce was good. Our favorite was really the dessert course. We had the 3 layer chocolate cake and the ice cream rolled in chocolate shavings. The ice cream was great. Dense but also light in flavor and the shavings were delightfully crunchy.
We will go again.
serviceable, but not great northern italian bistro.  prices are low, food is adequate.  if you just want a quick, inexpensive meal, this is the spot.  air conditioning would be a nice add on, tho'
i LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!

I love italian food for sure but La Baia is some place i will bring my friends here again and again.

Maybe this place is a little small but i love it cuz it's coxy and cute. The menu is ok compare to other italian restaurants i've been to. I love the calamari and the pasta they have here. Did i mention the cheescake? 
Get ready to loose your button cuz you'll love this place and its food will keep you eating.
Wonderful meal!  This is such a nice neighborhood restaurant: casual, cozy, delicious and good service.  Fairly standard Mediterranean/Italian food prepared well with nice sized portions that we all enjoyed thoroughly.  BYOB and very modestly priced make is an excellent value.  Altogether great!
Great BYOB.
We got the Bronzino and chicken piccata, loved both.
Bronzino was tender, and fresh! 
The chicken piccata was not breaded, and had great flavor to it. I'm
Had an okay experience here. We reserved a table for 7. We arrived on time but waited over 20 minutes to be seated since the space was so small and the previous party had not left. We came to this place as it was BYO. The interior space is quite small. The environment was quite lively, but not overly loud.

Fettuccini Ragu - Flavor was alright, noodles seemed a little soggy, serving size was large
Gnocchi Pesto - Pesto did not seem that fresh
Mussels in Red SAuce - Okay, the flavor of the sauce was not great
We had our bread refilled several times as we were dining as a large group and they did charge extra for that.

The service was fine, but it did take a while to get the check. Also, this place takes cards instead of only cash, but the receipt is handwritten on paper. Overall, the food was not great, but the ambiance was nice. I wouldn't recommend coming here as there are better options for Italian BYO in Philly.
Restaurant Week!!! 
I love trying new Italian spots for restaurant week. This time La Baia caught my eye and they did not disappoint. I loved the atmosphere reminded me of Italy soon as I walked in. Starting with meatballs and caprese salad were both made fresh. My aunt decided on the Bronzino while I went for the Pappardelle con salsiccia. The food came out out and the sauce on the fish was amazing. BYOB always adds an extra plus. Can't wait to come back and try other dishes.
Simple traditional Italian BYOB, with good food and a nice atmosphere. The owner is friendly and helpful, the food is standard but quite good. And it is more modestly priced than most comparable restaurants.  But then again it is not trying to be a fancy high end gastronomic experience. 

I would consider it ideal for a regular night out in midweek and/or for just me and my partner, though prob not my first choice for a special occasion - but a good tasty meal had a good value. Cash only.
We live very close to this restaurant, so we come here quite often. It's a very cozy place and the food is very good too. Service always great. 

Never been disappointed with food or service. It's BYO. 

The only downside was it's cash only :(
This restaurant is a great neighborhood find.  The pasta is homemade and absolutely delicious.   It's obviously family run and the owners provide a European type hospitality.  Check it out!
Quaint little spot for yummy italian food and BYOB!  Other reviews have complained about the small space- if you want large monstrous restaurants with wasted space head to the suburbs! The area was tight but once you were seated it was no issue.  We had reservations, which is recommend, and were seated when the party in front made their way out.
I had the capellini mare e monti which I was very happy with ...very generous with the mussels, calamari and shrimp in the dish. My fellow diners were happy with their choice of pesto and other pasta dishes.  
The area got loud which certainly varies with the type of groups there, but is totally expected given the large number of people accommodated in a small area.  
Recommend if you are looking to try a new venue for italian BYOB!
FYI cash only.
