My friend Kory introduced me to BItar's today, and I feel like I need to send him a thank you card. This was probably the best Greek/Mediterranean food I've ever had, and conveniently also the least expensive. Currently only open until 7pm, this is the perfect spot for lunch, or an early dinner if you can get over there and grab some take out. 

My chicken kabob combo platter came with delicious grilled chicken sliced over lettuce and tomatoes. I requested a tatziki sauce instead of the sesame sauce. On the side was a generous serving of tabouli salad, a heaping pile of hommus, and a grilled pita served in foil. The portion size was huge. I had enough left over to eat for dinner. 

While there I also had a few bites of the Bitar gyro, which has lamb, marinated onions and peppers, french fries and a sriracha aioli. Also delicious, if a bit heavy for my usual lunch preferences. Definitely a solid hangover meal, however. 

Of course, I couldn't leave without a little bite from the pastry case. I tried a pistachio and honey selection that was wrapped in a shell which reminded me of shredded wheat (only more delicious). I knew I should have written down what it was called, but I did take a photo of the full tray.

I will be happy to jump in my ride and head down to South Philly for lunch at Bitar's. It surely will not be long before my next visit.
The original Lebanese market and eatery in Philly was Bitar's in South Philly.  I have heard this was the first place to sell falafels in all of Philadelphia.  Whether this is true of not, the good news is that their falafels are still very good.  I also tried one of their flatbread creations - punnily called a Bit-zza.  I liked it ok but It could have used a hot pepper sauce or some harissa which I didn't see anywhere.  The French fries dipped in their tahini sauce were more to my liking.  The market isn't offering as many products as I heard they once did but that's almost surely the result of the ubiquitousness of ethnic offerings in markets across the region. Even so, Bitar's is a Philly tradition and a major falafel destination.
*This review is for Bitar's market-side of groceries and prepared foods, not the lunch counter/sandwich side*

I never really appreciated proper Middle Eastern fare until I started dating a good-looking half-Lebanese fellow whose family members are all superior cooks -- coincidentally also named Bitar!

Though his mom's baba ganouj is tasty, even she admits it's not as good as Bitar's smoky, creamy eggplant mash.  Scooped up with their housemade pita and studded with bits of Bulgarian feta (so cheap at only $6/lb.), or rolled into a wrap with tons of arugula, their baba is one of the most satisfying vegetarian items in existence. 

Bitar's also prepares huge party trays of baba, hummous, grape leaves, tabbouleh salad, spanikopita and other hand-made edibles for catering purposes.  We also pick up grocery items like tahini, chickpeas and rice here at very competitive prices.
Sandwiches, when it comes down to it I've had just about every variation of them possible! And when it ultimately comes down to it the gyro is the one that I might just consider to be my favorite! And whether you go Greek, Middle Eastern, or Mediterranean; Bitar's is hands down the place that does them best!

For the traditionalist it doesn't get much better than the Greek with lettuce, tomato, and tatziki. But I usually find myself traveling to the Middle East for one with tabouli salad, feta cheese, and tahini sauce; or the Mediterranean for one with feta, roasted pepper sauce, and stuffed grape leaves. But for other sandwiches you also can't go wrong with meat options like ground beef kafta, or chicken kabob, or vegetarian options like tabouli or falafel.

People looking for doing it bigger can go with one of their special sandwiches like the one named for sports radio big mouth Angelo Cataldi. But Bitar's also delivers some pretty incredible sides like stuffed grapes leaves, Middle Eastern style pizzas, babaghanuj; and their AMAZING French fry medley that tops fries with fried onions, roasted tomatoes, green peppers, and a tahini sauce. But with their home made bakalava its also essential that you save room for dessert!
I could basically copy/paste Jason F's review into the box I'm currently typing in. I too went to Bitar's in search of that perfect falafel sandwich. What did I find? Bland falafel balls overly drenched in hummus and tahini. Talk about a messy sandwich! I actually had to change my pants from all dripping that went down. 

I still look to Maoz as my favorite falafel sandwich. Perheps Bitar's can satisfy on the meat end of things? What say you Philadelphia?
I can't believe I never reviewed Bitars. I've been going here for 30 plus years. It certainly has changed a lot and not so much in a way I like. When I first started they were the place to go for pita. I think the actual factory was next door. They had the best selection of middle eastern food products. Bread, olives, homemade labni , 5 kinds of feta including Bulgarian . They had all kinds of cool stuff, even pomegranate molasses ! But over the years they have become a restaurant. They still sell a few things I like but the restaurant is usually disappointing. I make better . I'm not kidding. Oh well.
Before I even moved to this South Philly neighborhood, I was making the 3 mile bike ride to get the falafel vegetarian wrap. All the ingredients are so fresh and the falafel is some of the most authentic I've had--and it's a huge sandwich for under $5, it can't be beat! Also, the dolma, baba ghanoush, hummus, and tzatziki are perfect (all of which can be added to your sandwich for just a few more coins).

The little market in the restaurant is also great. I always get the fresh pita (made fresh every morning) for only $1.99! They also sell refrigerated items in bulk, like their falafel, tzatziki, hummus, tabbouleh, etc. All reasonably priced and the best I've found in the area.

Wish it was open later, but great for a quick, cheap, delicious, authentic lunch.
Accompanied by a cold and stale pita, the vegetarian platter was a disappointment.  The baba ghanoush was a worthy side, but the hummus was overwhelmingly sour, the stuffed grape leaves plain and tasteless, and the falafel very dry.  I had heard so much good praise for Bitar's, but left confused and still hungry.
As much as I love living in South Philadelphia, I'll be the first to admit that we're seriously lacking in terms of having a variety of ethnic food. I love my tacos and burritos as much as the next person, but my major weakness is Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food. Thus, when I succumbed to curiosity and checked out Bitars, I was in heaven. That was about a year ago, and I haven't stopped going since. 

Bitars is a very unassuming place, despite the burgundy exterior and hookah-filled window. When you first enter it, it's almost hard to notice that it's both a market and a restaurant. That being said, the atmosphere is very cozy and reminds me of some of the places I went to get food in Israel. The store aspect of Bitars offers a wide variety of fresh and delicious products at a way better price than the supermarket conglomerates. The middle contains bins of fresh, delicious, and fluffy pita bread of all sizes; the coolers offer home made hummus, baba, tabouli, falafel, grape leaves, juices, delectable feta cheese and olives; and the shelves house a variety of spices and herbs that normally cost a bajillion dollars at Acme but are extremely reasonable. On top of that, they also have a dessert case that offers some of my favorite baklavah and halvah of all time. I'm not exaggerating in the least when I say that I was here religiously once or twice a week when I lived at 9th and Tasker buying their hummus, tabouli, and desserts. It's absolutely phenomenal. 

The grill part of the restaurant is equally as good. They offer a really good amount of both vegetarian and meat sandwiches, as well as delicious and big salads. I personally recommend the falafel, although you really can't go wrong with anything there. They are also willing to customize a bit so your sandwich or platter becomes exactly what you want. Unfortunately, it's probably better to get your food to go because it really only has two small tables in an already small room. 

Bitars really is one of the best gems that South Philadelphia has to offer. Their food rivals some of the bigger names in Middle Eastern cuisine, and their market selections give you the opportunity to create your own versions of traditional favorites. The owners have created a gold mine and you'd be doing yourself a disservice to not check it out. Seriously.
Falafel is such a cool food.  It's one of those tastes that I crave at least once a week, but the falafel joints that crowd center city are either fake falafel (ie. maoz), or not good and too expensive (ie. Sahara Grill)  as compared to Bitar's on 10th and Federal.  
My favorite thing about this place (besides the price of $2.50 for a huge falafel sandwich) is that the falafel is grilled instead of fried making it not as heavy, greasy  and unhealthy as the fried variety.  
I love their falafel there so much i never order anything else off of the menu, although they do have an assortment of chicken, lamb, and beef pita sandwiches.
They also have a case of excellent filo deserts that all pretty much taste the same but are delicious and highly addictive. With prices ranging from 75 cents to $1.25 go for it!  My old standby is the pistachio baklava  .
If you plan to sit and eat, there are only 3 small bar-height tables, or some seats outside now that the weather is nicer.  Sometimes it can get a little smoky in there from the grill -- its only a few feet from the seating area.
Overall, delish - I love it and I'm glad to be so close!  The people who work there are very friendly as well.
I just "discovered" Bitars after trying out some stuffed grape leaves of theirs at an art opening a while back and was sold. Bitars serves up yummy Greek/Meditteranean food at very cheap prices. The chicken kabob sandwich is my favorite and the hummus allllllmost tastes like my favorite hummus from a place called Kassab's back when I lived in Pittsburgh. Believe me, I have been searching far and wide for hummus that tasty since I moved here and Bitar's is a great substitute. My only complaint is that they tend to mess up orders, so if you get take out be sure to check your order before you leave the restaurant.
I have been coming here for about 20 years and I have yet to be disappointed.  I frequent this establishment for lunch, at least once a month.  

Their decor leaves a bit to be desired, but for me it's all about the food.  Their Angelo Cataldi is a delicious mix of roasted pepper paste, perfectly marinated and grilled chicken, string cheese and lettuce.  A perfect go to wrap for lunch. The Chicken Kebob is incredible, The Gyros are great and they have incredible hummus.  

The fattouch salad is quickly becoming one of my favorite healthy lunch options.

I have tried just about everything on their menu and have yet to be disappointed.
Dropping back in to say that I think about Bitar's baba ghanoush REGULARLY. I could eat that stuff with a spoon. Don't forget to buy a pint of it before you go, and some warm, fluffy pita bread to dunk in it....
Love it.  Love it, love it, love it, love it, love it.  I'll give them a human 97% success rate-- once out of the 30+ times I've eaten there I had a dry falafel with not-so-good pita, but it's almost always absolutely excellent. 

My one recommendation would be to explore the menu-- there are a ton of different ways to have your falafel.  As you go through the menu, you can find a number of interesting combinations. 

Three last points on Bitar's:  (1) They do better with the pickled vegetables they put in the sandwiches than any of the other local joints I've seen.  The genius of grilling the falafel patties goes without saying.  (2) The halva is wonderful-- one of my favorite dessert treats.  Just don't think about it or ever look at nutritional information.  (3) Ajvar (pr: "eye-var").  Red peppers, eggplant, a little garlic and a little vinegar.  It's the best thing to spread on anything-- sandwiches, crackers, vegetables, pasta . . . I actually go through about a 16-ounce jar every two weeks.  I go with the mild and add my own spice.
I'm not even a huge fan of falafel, but this place is great.  I love their vegetarian falafel - fresh veggies, good size, and cheap.  I recently tried their pork gyro with tzatziki which was also good.  Wish it would have been chunks of pork rather than long slices, but it was still tasty.  Also, they have a large beverage selection and a small store where they sell awesome Mediterranean food and ingredients (I think they're the only place in Philly that sells grape molasses, which is mighty tasty).

Oh, and they take credit!
Best falafel sandwich in Philly possibly the best in the US too (I'm Lebanese and yes I've been craving a real falafel sandwich! You'd think it's simple enough but no..no sandwich was a falafel before I ate Bitar's) HIGHLY RECOMMENDED 

--

Back to Bitar's to try the Bitar chicken sandwich OMG if you're Arab and have been craving a real tawouk sandwich (with a nice twist I must add) this one's for you
So good! Such good prices too!
RECOMMENDATION: please add pickles to the Bitar sandwich! 

And the nammoura YA MAMA great for a final sweet bite  (baklava not so good)
For the past few years, I've unknowingly been enjoying the pita, humus and baba ganoush from Bitar's which a friend proudly served during his Friday night Shabbat meals.  Mediterranean  food is among my favorite cuisines, so I was pretty enthusiastic upon my first visit.  All of the sandwiches looked really tasty, but I had to find out how serious this place was by sampling their falafel first.  Sorry for the cliche, but it was love at first bite.  There are a number of good falafel places in Philly, but in my humble opinion, nothing beats Bitar's.
I've been back a number of times to sample the other menu items, and have never been disappointed.  It's a relatively small place, so I wouldn't recommend going with a large party unless you're comfortable being seated at different tables.  Nevertheless, with their many delicious offerings, Bitar's will surely satisfy your palate.
Great little Lebanese/Middle Eastern spot! I had a hankering for gyros for months and this place came up in my search on Yelp. We stopped here for takeout midday the other week (they're only open for lunch) and got two classic gyros, a side of grape leaves and two baklavas.  It's very affordable, which is great, and those gyros were fantastic! I've had countless gyros from pizzerias all over the city and none do it right. The meat in this one was really good: heavily seasoned and juicy. I could've just eaten that over a salad.  The pitas were warm, but a little tough, however that wonderful tzatziki sauce made up for it. The grape leaves were just okay (a little slimy for my taste), but the baklava (at only $1 a pop!) was HEAVENLY. I would order an entire sheet tray of them. Will definitely return to try the loads of other good good they have on the menu (if only they were open for dinner!)
This is our go-to place for pita.  If you want fresh wonderful pita at home or at a meal away from home, go to Bitars.  Yesterday, we needed to take something to a party, but wanted to take something that no one else would bring (the usual cookies  and cakes).  So, we stopped in at Bitars on our way out of the city, got pita, grape leaves, hummus and falafel.  What a great treat. The other guests were very happy with our selection.  I was most impressed with the falafel, which was not as dry as it is in some stores and restaurants.  Now we have a new go-to place for falafel.  Thanks to the Bitars!
On a train ride back home from a stressful weekend in NYC, I needed some comfort food - which for me means Middle Eastern cuisine. There are so many tasty places around Philly, but I hadn't tried Bitar's and so many people I know swear by them. Yay for online ordering! Placed my order, and their delivery guy pulled up to our building right after my taxi dropped me off - talk about fast delivery service!

My husband was eager to chow down, and thankfully the food I ordered was more than enough for the two of us! The Mediterranean Combo had everything that I love: hummus (two servings!), babaghanuj, tabouli, dolmades with tzatziki sauce, feta, tabouli salad, and pita, we got ours with falafel. But since my man is a carnivore we also had the grilled chicken platter, with tomatoes and onions over rice with tahini sauce and pita. Everything was delicious and fresh, just super tasty traditional Middle Eastern food that really, truly hits the spot and satisfies. Even with a small delivery fee, I will absolutely order from Bitar's again!
I found Bitar's when looking for a Greek restaurant, and the food was great, staff very helpful, but if you dine in, recognize that it isn't a restaurant so much as a Mediterranean grocery with 6 tables to sit at.

The only reason they don't get five stars is the setting, great food in a grocery store.
I haven't gotten any prepared foods here but love their stock of pita, zaatar pita, grape leaves, tahini.
- TIP:  After you eat your meal -- they've got great prices on desserts ($1 baklava) and to-go containers of hummus.

- CON:  Closes @ 7pm most days.

- BOTTOM LINE:  Even if the food was mediocre, it'd be worth grabbing considering you get a big plate of mediterranean food for $8.  But the food is far better from mediocre -- and I would be ordering it instead of my other go-to take-out mediterranean spots (e.g. Hummus Grill, Al Zaytouna) if it was open later.
Cute little spot! 
Food comments - I ordered the Middle Eastern Gyro (4), Cauliflower side (5) and Baklava (4.5). I did not like the meat on the gyro, but the tableau and sauce on it were awesome. The cauliflower side was my favorite, because the cauliflower was so well seasoned and roasted. It's smothered in tahini, and they give enough pita for it (also appreciated). The Baklava was different than most. It had a think, nutty center layer, opposed to tons of layers, but it tasted great. The Baklava is also small - one big bite or two little ones :D However, it's only $1.50, so it's a fair price, but something to keep in mind when ordering! 
Service & otherwise - Ordering through Yelp was super simple, and the worker was so sweet. He put a smile on my face, and I wanted to rate a 5, just because of him and his service! 
All in all, I plan on going back and I recommend it!
We've been ordering takeout from Bitar's for lunch fairly often- favorites include the veggie combo, the chicken kabob combo, and I tried the chicken bit-zza for the first time today, will definitely keep that one on repeat! Love their tabouli and their baba as well. If you're looking for a healthier option that tastes fresh and keeps/reheats well, you've found your winner.
Wow, I feel so lucky to have Bitar's right across the street from me. I get the middle eastern style gyro and it is out of this world. The tabbouleh salad is another favorite; everything is just so fresh and nourishing. This place is super authentic and they even offer some middle eastern grocery items for sale such as spices, yogurt, and cheese that you won't find anywhere else.
i have only had their baklava and hummus.
THEIR BAKLAVA IS GREAT. or it could just be that i am obsessed with baklava.
my boyfriend tried their gyro the other day. it was not special but it wasnt bad either.
very nice people. i wish they were open later than 7 though.
Such a gem in South Philly!  I love getting my labneh and other Middle Eastern goodies at this place.  Fill your cart with homemade dips, breads, spices and sweets and enjoy a full Mezze dinner!
We have been going  here for years. The best Mediterranean fast food you ever had. The only problem are their hours. They recently removed some of the actual grocery and added a few more tables. Start with the Stuffed Grape Leaves, the Babaghanuj, the Hommus or one of their fantastic salads. My personal Fav is the Grilled Chicken Angelo Cataldi Sandwich (yes named for the Morning Show host after he stated public ally that he did not like Mediterranean food). Roasted pepper spread, marinated string cheese and lettuce but you can't deny the Grilled Fallafel or Gyros. SO basically what I'm saying is everything here is delicious. What are you waiting for, get there for lunch or before 7 (or 6 on Saturday).
Bitar's is the type of place that makes me wish I was unemployed so I could enjoy lunch here all the time. Their falafel is grilled when ordered, and I enjoy being able to customize it to my liking. I usually get feta and tzatziki on mine. Other options include tahini, hummus, baba and tabouli.   Another favorite is the fry medley which is french fries, peppers and onions served with a tahini dipping sauce.  They offer a wide range of gyros and the like but falafel is a favorite in my house so everyone I have been with always gets that. 

The market part of the store has the typical options, lots of take home sauces, hummus, pitas etc. Great if you are looking for specialty ingredients to make middle eastern food at home.
I decided to check this place out because of the rave reviews I've heard from my friends. I did enjoy the delicious falafel with everything on it.  I also like the fact that they grill their falafel instead if frying them. However, the service was awful. The guy who took my order was acting like someone stole his blankie! Minus the poor service I would still go back. Who knows? Maybe he was just having a bad day.
Great Middle Eastern Food in Center City PHiladelphia!
My friend Keri introduced me to Bitar's a few months ago and I am so grateful to her. It was very helpful to order at Bitar's for several events that I had planned. The food is fresh and tasty and all my guests who had it loved it as much as I do. The service is friendly and accurate. For the luncheon I  hosted recently I ordered their spanakopitas and their chicken sandwiches as entree and when I went to pick up the order I also was able to grab at the store olives, feta cheese, humus and pita bread without needing to order these in advance. They have three kids of feta cheese, the Greek one which is a bit more hard and very salty and is great for greek salads, the Bulgarian which is less salty and more moist and the French feta which is very moist and creamy. I usually get the Bulgarian one but I think I will try the French next time for a change.  I have tried other middles eastern restaurants and this is the best!
So good. So cheap. The falafel sandwich is rolled up like a burrito with a pita. $4-5 depending what you add as a topping.  A nice sized portion. Once i had one sitting in my fridge all day and when i got home from work and it was still excellent. Always on my mind.
I've grown up in a Lebanese family and we owned a middle eastern restaurant for over 40 years. The food is everything to me. Their food and pleasentries makes me feel like I'm at my family's table. The smells bring me to sito's (grandmother's) kitchens. 
This place is a must for truly authentic food and feel of middle eastern culture. 

I've tried a few in Philly, none compare.
Great falafel Syrian/Lebanese style (as apposed to Israeli style)---rolled not pocketed, in other words. I never order anything but the falafel, but I find their balls are as crispy on the outside, as moist and delicious on the inside, as any I've tried. And they only run you, what is it, like $2, give or take 75 cents. There few lunches this good for so little.
I live far away from Bitar's in West Philadelphia, but I have to come here every so often because they have the best price on the best feta cheese.  They sell the Bulgarian kind in two- and three-pound lots for something like $6 a pound.  

Then I always pick up a bag of pita, which is baked fresh every day.

My favorite menu item is no longer there: it's a little snack called a bitza, which is a round flat bread grilled with little bits of tomato, cheese, and sumac on it.  The chicken sandwich is good though.

And if aliens landed and demanded that I bring them seven different varieties of mamool (Lebanese filled cookies) I would not know where else to go.

Update 2009-09-01: Went by there last Saturday.  Here are some other things they carry: Dried fava beans.  Tahini.  Fig marmalade.  Bulgur wheat in three different sizes.  Lebanese pastry.   Olives.

Update 2016-11-30: Bitar's is still great, but I don't visit as often as I used to because I'm not nearby and because I learned that Makkah Market in West Philadelphia is an equally good source of feta and pita.
Quick stop for a gyro and every-so-satisfying! Small little place also turned into grocery store, so it doesn't have to be a sit-down place if you don't want to. Feel free to walk in and order deliciousness to-go.  I am not a big fan of red meat so I got the chicken, but my boyfriend got the lamb and he loved it. Definitely going back to try others on the menu!
This place is one of the best for great Greek food for low prices in the downtown area. Not only do they give you a load of food, but it's fresh and delicious. I went there today and ordered the vegetarian combo. For 8.95 I got a giant scoop of hummus, babaghannoush, two BAKED falafel (which I love that), grape leaves, and tabbouleh with salad. A warm pita comes on the side and it was all delicious. Though not the best hummus or babaghannoush I've had, it was all really good. This is one of those places which is a hidden gem, homey atmosphere, and friendly staff. HIGHLY recommended!
Take Out / Eat In Food: Out of this Middle Eastern World. My husband has been gloating about this hole in the wall corner store for months as his new go to spot for middle eastern cuisine. Saturday was a snow day in the city. We banged out our grocery shopping on 9th street and were hangry for something hearty and healthy and FRESH! Boom! Bitars I never have compared any Lentil soup to my mama doos, don't tell, but yours was out of this world! Fresh, hearty and the aromatics heightened my senses. I love that the food is the starlight. Served on paper plates and bowls. And service. Service served with a grateful smile. The best.
Came here for lunch with a $10/$20 Groupon.  I expected to grab a sandwich and take home some goods from their market but I did a bad job of reading the fine print (menu items only).  

Anyway, I went with the Greek beef/lamb gyro which was very good.  I also ordered a Wilson sandwich (chicken, falafel, lettuce, tomato, onion, olives, hummus, tahini and hot  sauce), a side of pita and hummus and a couple pieces of walnut baklava to take home.  The hummus is great.  Creamy in texture with nutty notes.  The Wilson special is sitting in the fridge until later but if the chicken/falafel platters that I saw coming out while I was there are any indication, I won't have disappoint.  

Fresh food at reasonable prices.  If you're complaining about a lack of A/C or the staff's "attitude' (the latter of which I didn't experience at all) then you're paying attention to the wrong details.  Will be returning.
I'd heard so many rave reviews about Bitar's that I thought it was going to blow my mind. I ordered a falafel sandwich and waited, my mouth salivating. The first bite was devastating, but I was hungry so I finished the sandwich slowly with generous amounts of liquid to help it go down. So dry, so crumbly, so sad.

Falafel is best when it's fresh and warm and crispy on the outside. It shouldn't sit around waiting for someone to take pity on it. I would have gladly waited 5 or 10 minutes for it to come out fresh.

The people working there seemed nice. There's a small grocery selection, so I have a place not too far away that sells tahini when I need some. The pistachio baklava is otherworldly. So, I can't hate this place. I am just going to avoid that falafel from now on.
I've only tried the falafel sandwich, which tastes good, but was a bit dry.
I am adding a star because the owner of the store took the time to contact me and apologize for the my last experience there (95 degree day, broken air conditioning, rude worker, etc). 1-star for good follow up customer service. It means a lot to an unsatisfied customer, that he took it upon himself to right things. He even offered me a free sandwich of my choice. I will visit here again, but no free sandwich needed. I will pay for what I consume, since the food IS pretty good.
I can't believe nobody has reviewed Bitar's. They have very inexpensive falafel sandwiches which are grilled and not fried, some of the best hummus in Philly, a little grocery area where you can buy dried fruit, beans and middle eastern pastries.  The food here is very consistently good. I'm a huge fan of the Angelo Cataldi chicken sandwhich whish has this very yummy red pepper sauce.  It's actually making me hungry just thinking about it. Mmmm.

I just found out that they opened new locations in W. Philly and Society Hill.  This is good news for folks in those neighborhoods.  Definitely stop by and check it out.
We stopped by Bitar's today in search of haloumi cheese and found several different brands. They also have huge bags of za'tar and a nice selection of desserts. The woman who helped us was friendly and helpful. We enjoyed our baklava and other dessert (the name escapes me). The pistachio baklava was not very sweet and had very little syrup, but the walnut baklava had significantly more syrup, so maybe our try pistachio was a bit of a snafu. We will definitely go back to try their other food!
I love Bitars.  I can get all my spice, wheat, and bread needs in their store and then sit down to enjoy a delicious falafel sandwich.  I'd give it 5 stars---  but it REALLY needs a makeover.  Don't use the bathroom.
I've been getting take out from Bitar's for years. The inside dining space is cozy, but a bit cramped, and not very private - more like an indoor food stand serving wonderful sandwiches and platter combos than a restaurant setting. They serve Middle Eastern fare and pricing is very reasonable and the food consistent. Two can eat well for around $10 to $15.

The grilled falafel is delicious and the pickled turnip adds a wonderful umami flavor that elevates the sandwich. Baba ghanoush and hummus are both standouts and with a pita (whole wheat for me) make a wonderful light lunch. 

The other cool thing about Bitar's is a small attached grocery opposite the restaurant. An easy one stop shop to pickup falafel, pita or hummus to go, and don't forget dessert. Check out the pistachio baklava- lovely!
After another day of work - the GF and I were feeling something fresh, perhaps even a bit funky. So we scoured DiningIn and settled upon Bitar's! The reviews on Yelp were great and we were in the mood for healthy, yet delicious Middle Eastern food. Hummus ... ho! 

Any Thundercats fans out there?

Vegetarian Bittza ($5.25)
Tomatoes, onion, feta cheese, and roasted peppers. 

I was interested to try this Middle Eastern taken on pizza. Served on crispy zaatar bread littered with  thyme, sumac, sesame seeds - all dressed with a bit of olive oil, you've got ripe tomatoes, fresh onions, and funky feta melding well with the sweet roasted peppers. A healthy take on pizza, but delicious as well. 

Vegetarian Combo ($8.95)
Grilled falafel, grape leaves, and babaghanuj.

The vegetarian combo showcases Bitar's falafel making skills. Crispy on the outside with a creamy blend of spices within, this was a great falafel. The sides were just as intense. Creamy babaghanuj highlighted the creaminess of eggplant. The hummus was similarly creamy, but with the taste and feel of meaty chickpeas accented by fresh, tangy lemon. The tabouli salad was just as tangy - highlighting the fresh, crisp veggies. The dolmades or stuffed grape leaves were filled with creamy, sticky rice.

Mediterranean Combo Chicken ($14.95)
Hummus, babaghanuj, tabouli, dolmades with tatziki sauce and feta or olives, chicken.

The Mediterranean chicken combo was a similar mix of fresh items, but with the addition of huge chunks of feta and chicken! The chicken was perfectly moist - lightly marinated and grilled. The tahini sauce was a bit watery, but was a perfect sesame dressing for the requisite chicken gyros that had to be made with the accompanying pitas. 

Overall, Bitar's gets the job done if you're in the mood for fresh tasting, delicious, 
yet healthy Middle Eastern food. For those of you in South Philly, lucky you! 

For the rest of for the rest of us who are not within walking distance, DiningIn offers a quick, expedient way to deliver the food directly to your door!
Great stuff.  Good falafel (with hot sauce).  Good baklava.

Only lament, inflation.  What used to be the cheapest lunch at $2 is now among the cheapest @ $2.75 or so.
Bitar is where Middle Eastern food dreams come true! I finally got a chance to stop by this gem in South Philly with my friend. We both got the chicken kabob platter and a pistachio baklava. The chicken kabob platter comes with hummus, a salad and a side of pita. The portions are perfect. It leaves just enough room for dessert. I loved the tiny pistachio baklava. I can't wait to come back to try the other baklava flavors!
Friendly staff, chill vibes, and fabulous prepared food and grocery items. I got a falafel sandwich and piece of baklava, both delicious, and ate in their comfy seating area before grabbing a pack of pitas and tub of labneh to take home. I'd been having a bad day but I left satiated and relaxed.
As far as Middle Eastern-Lebanese cuisine goes, felafel is simply not the only thing on a menu, it's minor yet people hinge their impressions on a place based on that one food thing.  That one thing which is usually the only thing they will ever try in a place.  Too bad for them.

The baba ganoush and hummus are terrific.  Best baba ganoush I've ever had, actually.  

They have a nice selection of pita breads, spices, deserts and a limited but perfect cheese and olive selection.  There are three types of feta cheese - the Greek which is kind of harder, the Bulgarian which is crumbly yet creamy and the French which is creamy.  All three brands they carry are excellent.

The lamb platters and sandwiches are perfect - loaded with sauces and good stuff.  

All-in-all, it is a fine place deserving of good and great reviews.  

If all you've ever tried is felafel then maybe its time venture to other dishes.
Bitars is nothing special on the inside and that is why I love it so much.  It is such a home feeling inside that is simple.

The gyro's are probably one of the best I have ever had in my life, but please don't tell my grandmother that.

The selection in their market is pretty awesome and their selection of pastry's are super and everything tastes great.
I've been to Bitar's a couple times and find the food from the restaurant side to be pretty good. Not the best middle eastern food around but pretty decent. The grocery side is small but definitely covers all your basic middle eastern food needs and everything I've purchased from there has been outstanding. I especially love their pita bread. It's probably the best pita that I've purchased from a "grocery" store and will definitely be back if only to buy some of that. 

So I would definitely rate this place four stars if not for the fact that the employees are rather rude. They seem pretty bothered to serve you or god forbid you have a question about something. Particularly the guy at the grill cooking the food. Not the end of the world though. If you're in the area, stop in but I wouldn't go too far out of my way... except to pick up some of those pitas. The pita's are dirt cheap too, so pick up at least two bags while you're there.

Update: After going there a few times I wouldn't say that all the employees are rude. The grill guy couldn't care less every time I've been there but what else is new? The register lady named Delia often seems kinda distracted but this last time we had a nice little conversation and she told me how they would ship pitas or whatever I want right to my door cause I come all the way from the suburbs. It was nice and makes me feel a little better about coming back.
Bitar's is a great local middle eastern place.  It's half grocery store, half take-out place.  I usually stop by here and get a falafel but they got other things too.  Their falafel isn't deep fried like what I would normally expect.  Instead they just put it on the griddle until its crisp.  The result is a light, flavorful sandwich that will only set you back less than 3 bucks.  I haven't decided if I prefer Bitar's over Maoz.  Usually when I eat at Maoz, I end up stuffing myself silly on the salad bar.  At Bitar's you get your sandwich for a nice cheap price and eat a reasonable amount.  They're two different experiences.

The grocery store half of Bitar's is good too.  They sell all kinds of middle eastern foods, among such goods are fresh pitas, hummus, and some pastries.  Bitar's is a solid neighborhood establishment and I'm glad to have them right down the street.
What a gem!!  I've been looking for a place with authentic middle eastern food and now I found it! The service was wonderful- everyone was so friendly! And the food was amazing! 
I had the vegetarian platter which came with baba, falafel, hummus, tabbouli, tahini and pita. I also ordered the olives and feta. Wow! I will absolutely come back again!
I have to disagree with Robert P. , this place is awesome and I think it's kind of irrelevant whether or not you can make better food at home. My wife worked in restaurants for years and can make food at home better than most of the places we eat, but that doesn't diminish the experience of eating out, especially at places serving reasonably priced food. 

I also have been going here on and off for decades and honestly, I think the food has improved since the 90's and early 00's when I was going there a lot. The Lamb gyro, tabouli and hummus were all fantastic, the service was super quick and everyone that works there is super friendly and helpful! My wife and I are going to make this a regular lunch spot again
Review based on catering.  Excellent tabouli and hummus--really delicious and I kept going back for more. The falalfel and pita was solid. I  purposely checked where the food was from because I wanted to get more another time.
The best middle eastern food in all of Philadelphia. Half grocery store and half restaurant. The interior is simple with a few tables and a couple of stools right by the grill. The staff always compliments my appetite because every time I'm there I order a falafel, bitza AND the fries which are served with grilled peppers, onions and tahini. I guess nobody is as greedy as me! The best part about this place is the young lady at the register with the N.A.S(niggas ain't shit) tattoo on her cleavage lol 
Those of you who are complaining about their falafels being dry were probably served that way on purpose. The staff here is really cool and their "asshole radar" is finely tuned.
Mediterranean food is the best and this place does it right. Fresh, bright flavors prepared simply and affordably. Fantastic lunch spot.
Placed a group order for takeout and we were not disappointed: 

-Grilled chicken platter: Generous portion, well seasoned 
-Angelo Cataldi Salad: As refreshing as it sounds with a nice roasted red pepper sauce 
-Chicken Kabob Combo: Nicely seasoned, tender chicken with a slight char to it, light hummus, and a well balanced tabbouleh salad. 

The interior is small so I don't know if we'll ever be dine in folks, but I'd definitely consider doing a group take out order again. Reasonably priced, too!
Cozy little mom-and-pop shop on the corner that churns out fresh mediterranean food. No frills, just heaping portions of high-quality hummus, olives, hot peppers, lamb, chicken, and falafel served on styrofoam plates.

No lie, the scratch-made baba ghanoush was some of the best I've ever had. And they sell it by the pint! If you're in the neighborhood and have a hankering for light, refreshing Greek food, do yourself a favor and stop in.
More a reflection of the service than the food, which is delicious and at a great price. The issue I have is with the younger lady with the glasses who works there sometimes. She is NOT nice to me, honestly to the point where I don't feel welcome there. 

She's very friendly and goes out of her way to help the male customers (I've never seen her interact with another female customer) but she honest is so rude and dismissive to me. When I pay she just tosses the food on the counter to me, doesn't acknowledge me, doesn't say anything when I thank her and wish her a nice day. 

Honestly disappointing because the other two ladies I've interacted with are really nice and the food is great but I can't to go to a place that doesn't welcome me.
My good Lord, first of all why was I not told that this place existed all of these years? I'm upset about that. I gotta find the guy who should have told me about this place and slap him. 

I suppose it is my fault. In my younger and more naive years, my only reason to come down to this neighborhood was to get a cheesesteak. I just never bothered to notice places like this. Perhaps I need to find that younger naive version of myself and smack him instead.

Thank you, Yelp, for helping me find this place. One plate of chicken kabob, tabbouleh, and hommus later, and I am deeming this a new destination place for me worthy of driving into town from Delco for. 

It was so damn good, that after I was done eating the chicken and hommus, I kept eating the salad solo. That never happens for me! 

I gotta drag the wife here. In fact when she hears about this place she might be mad that I went without her. I'm sure that anger will dissipate after one taste of the food. 

Yes, the staff ignores you when you walk in. But once you talk to the guy who makes the kabob they're very nice. Bravo, Bitar's!
Preordered today at 11am from Bitar's for a very large Client meeting through Grubhub. Waited over an hour and called the store to get an ETA and was immediately put on the phone with the manager who proceeded to tell me that orders weren't coming through on their Grubhub tablet. Fine, ok... problem on Grubhub's end and not surprising, as there's always problems with Grubhub. The problem I had was the way this manager handled himself on the phone. He was rude and combative - arguing with me about who had confirmed my order and at what time it was confirmed. We have ordered from Bitar's many times in the past because the food is good but sadly we will not be ordering from them any longer. What a shame. Customer Service is key.
I came to Bitar after hearing that this place has very good Baklava. So I pick up a couple of pieces and they were good ! First I tried the traditional pistachio baklava and it was delish. The the crust was flaky and the filling was not too sweet. Next to had the Burma version and it was delish too. Lastly I tried the cashew baklava. The cashew one was ok for me. The gentleman behind the counter was patient and explained to me the flavors of baklava that they had. There pieces of baklava cost me about $4. I will be coming back to pick up some baklava !
I go there all the time and they are consistently great! I like the middle east gyro best, but switch it up sometimes for chicken or their wonderful falafel. Cash or cards ok.
Was looking for a place to have Friday lunch with my coworkers. Everyone wanted something different, but didn't know what. A fellow coworker told us about Bitar's. I had the Chicken kebob sandwich; it was really good and filled with a lot of flavor from the grill. My two coworkers had the Angelo Cataldi and gave it two thumbs up. One of them ordered a Chicken Kebob because of the reviews I gave it. Will be back here.
Seems like most people come here to pick up middle eastern food to go. Smelled really great in there. Very hard to find parking since Pats/Genos is around the corner. I went there hoping to find some middle eastern groceries, and I did. Not much though. Just your basics, all in one corner. But does the job! And they've got some pretty delicious sweets in the window.
Mmm, Mediterranean fast food. We were strolling around the area and happened across Bitar's Federal Street location one day. "Bitar's?!" I thought. Everyone raves about their grilled falafels, so I had to try them. Hype? Lived up to. They also have a tiny grocery area. Grab some harissa if you like spice. And the falafels from their fridge are just as good as the fresh ones!

I also ended up ordering Bitar's for delivery one day. It was tough, because everything on the menu sounded delicious! I ended up with a Mediterranean combo and my boyfriend got a chicken kabob combo, which he loved. Good quality chicken, no gristle, and well-marinated. I love their combos because they have a little bit of everything. And that tabouli, mmm, I could eat it endlessly.

Bitar's may look like another low-key takeout joint, but give it a try if you're feeling some quality Mediterranean.
Continuing my trend of reviewing the nice little lunch places I frequent, I come to Bitar's  It's closed by the time I get home from work unfortunately, but at my last job I used to enjoy popping in a few times a month for a quick dinner before going out for the evening.

Service is usually incredibly fast, from your order directly onto the grill, wrapped up and into your hands.  I love the gyros and other pita sandwiches .  The falafel I had was good, but a bit dry.  They also have baklava by he piece, which is delicious

A friend of mine thinks they're never open, but really, the hours are better than a lot of the other delis in the neighbourhood.  They also have a few tables to eat at, but usually I just get it to go.  The store also has a small grocery section that I really ought to browse through at some point.
I really like falafel.  Like REALLY like it. In fact, I'm going to be heading to the Middle East soon, and I plan on subsisting on it for about 5 days.  But I digress.  

I headed to Bitars one Saturday afternoon with my mother in tow, as we needed some lunch to go before we hit up a the mountains for a short hike.  We were excited about the prospect of falafel, as we both share a deep seeded love for them.  We got to Bitars, and ordered a few different falafel's, and some baklava.  We got the falafel's with hummus and tahini, and had them a few hours later.  They kept well - they were definitely NOT soggy when we got to eating them - which is a testament to how they were made.  They came wrapped in a well grilled pita, with tomato and lettuce.  The falafel itself was well made - not great, but well made.  It was a tad bit on the salty side, and didn't quite have that amazing chickpea taste I was looking for, but it was good.  Overall, pita bread was good - falafel was salty and a bit odd.  

The baklava was another story - I enjoyed that a LOT. I found it to be perfectly well made, and really delicious.  

Bitar's space itself seemed causal and airy, and the service was definitely good / fast.  I'd go back, but only if I couldn't get myself to Mama's (my fav falafel place in this city).
Went in for the first time about a Month ago, didn't know what to expect, seeing how it was my first time going there and trying Mediterranean food. So as I walked in I got greeted by the cashier, he helped me decide on an item that he believed I would like, since it was my first time. I have to tell you the food was to die for (got chicken and rice combo and side of fries with extra Zaatar on fries with a side of tahini sauce). I came back every Saturday since and tried all their specialty sandwiches and I have left satisfied! I highly recommend to the fullest degree.
Bitar's is such a gem.  Time and time again, it is hard to get a better sandwich, at a better price, anywhere.  This place has remained consistent in S. Philly for years.

I generally wind up getting one of the three gyro sandwiches, or the Angelo Cataldi sandwich.  Then, I always grab a bunch of the freshest pita anywhere (steam in the bag from being fresh baked), olives, feta, taboulah salad, hummus, grape leaves and falafel balls to go.
Family environment with a great store attached. The tomatoes in my salad were the freshest I've had this summer. Also, incase you have social anxiety, just know the lady at the counter pronounced it "Guy -Rows".
So good. My falafel was fresh and this place is totally affordable. My sandwich was less than 5 dollars. Amazing!
