This new location of Blackbird serves up those same thinner, crispy creative slices of plant based pizza as the original location. Really tasty "cheesesteaks", sammies and fantastic desserts which I think are overlooked here and definitely shouldn't be. Grab one to go. You won't be disappointed! The chocolate pb bomb is soooo great!! 

My favorite slice still remains the "cheesesteak" which has rosemary garlic seitan, garlic butter, violife cheese, grilled onions, green peppers, vegan whiz. So "cheesy" and absolutely delicious!! 

Another favorite is the "Popeye" which has wilted spinach, olive oil, green olives, sliced garlic, crispy shiitake mushrooms, pumpkin seed pesto. Oh that pumpkin seed pesto!! Phenomenal! I love it! Be careful though...there's definitely bug hunks of garlic in this one so if that's not your thing, just be sure to remove them first. 

I'm not sure why, but I only ever come to Blackbird for slices. They do offer whole pies also! I think I have to grab one soon! 

Complimentary water by the fixings bar in the back room. Interesting soda options, seitan, and some pudding and such in the fridge case. 

Prices are a tad higher than a normal dairy slice but anything vegan generally is. I don't mind. 

Service was fine my first visit here but overall the joint isn't know for their overly friendly employees. Definitely a "too cool for school" vibe going on at Blackbird in general. 

This shop has easy unmetered 2 hour street parking and is much brighter and bigger than the other one. I loved sitting at a bar stool people watching out the front window on a gorgeous day! 

I prefer this location and will certainly be back! YUM!
I need to make this crystal clear ... I AM A CARNIVORE! 

Simple to note and pay attention to  ... I am a meat eater who frequently craves juicy hamburgers, oysters on the half shells, chicken parmesan, and Buffalo's famous Sahlen's hot dogs.  Give me a luscious pork chop or a filet perfected to medium rare ... even an Italian sub/hoagie loaded with fat laden cold cuts makes my palette do flip flops. 

You need to understand that because I am sure you have seen my five shiny stars on top of my Blackbird review.  I usually need real pepperoni slices curling up on my pie with that little puddle of oil in the center to rate pizza's as perfection however Blackbird does not offer that.

My daughter went Vegan ... I went into shock because shared meals with her would never be the same.  She mentioned something called satan oops seitan as her meat replacement and friends there is no pork, beef nor chicken in seitan (Google it ...)!

When she said she was going to be in Philly and knew a great place on South Street (Their other location) for pizza ... I started thinking pepperoni with gooey cheese mmmm and then she slammed the brakes on my lusting for the sensualities of meat ... cheese and sauce.  She said it was 100 percent VEGAN.  NO ... NO ... NO I stomped my feet but she is my daughter so I figured I could have salad.

I happen to totally love divey urban eateries and Blackbird qualifies.  So cool ... A mix of the city eating together.  Order up front and take a number they will deliver back to your table.

So, I went pizza ... The 'Funghi' had lots of mushrooms and the 'Popeye' had spinach, olives, garlic and more 'rooms '. None of that fake meat.

But my daughter ordered "wings" and there are "Cubans" both of which mean meat to me but I am telling you if you are traveling to Philly the "meat" I suggest is "meeting" at Blackbird!

The pizza's are scrumptious and yummy and each visit they have represented "pie perfection!"  The assorted other items on the menu are just as good and yes, I get their "wings" on most visits.  

On this last visit a young woman had brought her nervous BF and I could tell he was a MEAT EATER because he was shaking in the presences of an all vegan option board.  I think he was going to just order water and lettuce.  But, I whispered in his ear that I used to be like him ... I gave him a suggestion or two and before he left he HIGH FIVED ME ... I bet he'll be meeting at BLACKBIRDS again.

Friends from California have been wow'd ...ok, they are Vegans so they didn't hesitate to meet me at Blackbirds.

Now, I have to warn you that you get in a line, which is frequently a long line, to order your food.   Quarters are tight although on a nice day you can go into their courtyard.  You sit near to others ... this is the city folks and that is part of the charm.  If you are dressed in finery and don't want to be seen in anything other than elegance then skip this place until you dress down but if you don't care come on over in your dress gown and tux ... this is community.

My only complaint ... they don't deliver across the bridge to JERSEY.

But, if you have been wanting to try VEGAN but were nervous or didn't want to be seen eating a non-meat lunch or dinner this is the place although you might be seen ... writing this has me hungering for one of their great pies!
My sixth time in Philly and, having done all the touristy stuff, my only goal this time around was to explore Northern Liberties and Fishtown to see what white hipsters are up to. While discussing dinner plans over a non-dairy draft latte at La Colombe Fishtown, my bf and I decided to try some vegetarian cheesesteaks. I knew of 3 options - HipCityVeg, Wiz Kid, and Blackbird. For whatever reason, Blackbird appealed to me the most, and I begrudgingly told him that we need to call a car since it was the farthest option, until I looked it up on Yelp and realized BP just opened a new joint less than 15-minute away by foot.

We came for the sandwich and stayed for the Balboa slice, which was unbelievably tasty and even better than (1) most slices in NYC, (2) most pizza with meat and (3) most pizza that is literally not covered in arugula. The sandwich was also good but less comparable to the meaty original.

The service here is fantastic. I overheard the cashier explain to a customer over the phone that there is no table service here and it's totally casual and no frills. However, the cook and the cashier actually brought all the food items to our table and were all so friendly and nice. I would come back here every time I'm in town and will try the ginormous vegan whoopie pies.
Love the new location. Great atmosphere and set up with lots of seating thanks to a back room area. Staff was super warm and welcoming. Got the fajita pizza as usual as well as spicy sweet wings and a cheese steak. It was my first time getting my hands on the wings. SO GOOD. My meat eating husband was astonished at their flavor and texture. We took a few leftovers since we ordered so much food and the wings reheated well in the oven. Definitely getting them again! 

BLACKBIRD NEVER DISAPPOINTS.
This review is from a person from the outside of veganism looking in.
I feel this place is awesome! There needs to be more restaurants like Blackbird Pizzeria.  
Living with a vegan and going through the challenges of finding good tasting plant based foods is a issue. Blackbird makes the struggle a little less of a challenge.  
The place is small, with a few tables and stools but more seating in the back. It was standing room only when we entered but everything was moving fast so it didn't take long to be waited on. 
Knowing that everything is Vegan takes the pressure off. You can just ordered what you like.
We ordered the Spicy Sweet Seitan "Chicken "wings. They were delicious. Nice and crispy and juicy. (Should have gotten 2 orders)
We also ordered 2 pizzas, Spicy Bbq and a Cheesteak pizza. The crust was a bit thin for my taste and a little stingy on the Seitan but still delicious. 
We were pretty far from home and wanted to take enough home for everybody so we also ordered some cheese fries and a Seitan Chicken Parm sandwich. The cheese fries were delicious, but I didn't care too much for the Chicken Parm (too bready).
We also got 2 whoopie pies (cookies & cream and a vanilla). Hard to believe they were Vegan! Absolutely delicious. 
All in all ......a few misses but more hits! 
Parking was a challenge but would differently go back!
Heard great things! Walked a mile in the cold with a crying and sick toddler to try the food because it's supposedly that good. When we got there the people *shouted* at us that they were closed, even though the website and internet informed us they were open for another 45 minutes. Any questions were disregarded and the hostility made us leave immediately. Thankfully there are other great spots nearby! Hopefully the negative disposition and general $hitiness works out for them in the long term because I guess the food is good?
This used to be one of my favorite Philly spots. I was a regular when I lived nearby. I've been coming here since 2016 and I've had a lot of really good memories here. Whenever my friends comes from out of town I suggest this spot. However, the quality has really gone downhill. The cheese is much worse, it's greasier, and not in a good way, and the quality of the ingredients and the way it was made just feel different. It wasn't always this way. Something has definitely changed, and it's simply a gross distortion of it's former glory days back when it was praised as Philly's favorite vegan spot. 

I recommend these vegan spots instead: Goldie, Dottie's Donuts, Vegan Tree on South Street, The Tasty, Govinda's, literally anywhere else. Philly's fully of amazing vegan places. Whole Foods makes made-to-order vegan pizzas and you can call in to place an order.
I LOVE Blackbird- I get the same thing every time....the habenaro wings and cheese fries. I literally dream of these things since I am from out of state. Thankfully Blackbird partners with Champs Diner in Brooklyn. Shout out to the awesome staff....the place was packed today and there were only two workers handling orders, phones, walking the food to the table, preparing the food, etc. they were working super hard and we're still patient and kind.
100% vegan. 100% delicious. 
My husband and I were looking for a chill, casual spot to grab dinner and this place popped up for a quick bite. When we got there on Friday night, every table was packed! 
You order at the counter, grab a number and grab a table. We quickly grabbed a table as a couple was getting up, they couldn't stop raving about their food (they drove from jersey)! 
We got a cheesesteak, which was one of the top vegan cheesesteaks I've had in this city! Watch out wiz kid! 
And we also ordered the sweet spicy wings. They were a perfect texture to mimic wings, but the sauce was way to sweet and not spicy. 
This place seriously blew me away with the variety of food all packed with flavor. Everything had the perfect texture to mimic meat too. It was awesome!
I'm loving Philly's vegan scene, can't wait to come back!
I love Blackbird. I crave there wings especially the Sweet and Spicy. It's my absolute favorite. But, I will say it's a little expensive so I can't make a habit of getting them. I've also found the service to be friendly and quick - regardless of delivery or takeout. I'm not a fan of the pizza but I think it's because I still eat cheese.

There is a ton of seating so if you are interested in hanging around. I will definitely be back and recommend it to anyone vegan or vegetarian.
Highly recommend checking this place out if you're looking for vegan comfort food. The cheese fries remind me of the ones I had as a kid - absolutely smothered in cheese sauce and oh-so-delicious. The balboa, funghi, and pepperoni pizzas are my favorite. I loved their pizza before but I believe they switched to VioLife cheese and all I can say is: Wow!
Really nice vegan spot. I got a vegan cheesesteak there and thats only the 2nd vegan cheese steak I've ever had but it was really good. It was huge by the way, I honestly didn't think I was going to finish it but it was so good so I did lollz. Definitely going to come back to try the wings.
Best Philly Cheesesteak I've had!! And I've lived here for 5 years now... the most incredible part is that it's vegan! 

The pizza was really good too. The crust has that wood fired crunchy perfection. I can't wait to bring it if town visitors to my new found favorite "Philly Find!"
Take pictures of pizza off of your website if you are no longer serving it.  Bait and switch.
The new location at Blackbird for me is an all around win. They serve the same delicious food but in a larger area with bar stools, tables and it looked like outside they had tables and chairs for warmer weather. 

My favorite menu item here is their vegan cheesesteaks which come with fried onions. The bread is always crunchy and it is always delicious. Most vegan cheesesteaks taste loaded with salt but Blackbird always has flavor and their vegan cheese is delicious. 

They also offer delicious varieties of vegan pizza which include pepperoni and cheesesteak. I enjoy grabbing a slice of their plain, cheese pizza while I am there and sometimes grab some seitan from the fridge with their drinks where they offer dessert options and various flavored seitan. 

If you are a vegan or even a vegetarian then you should check out this spot. Their entire menu is vegan and you won't feel like you are missing out on anything. 

One downfall is that their service is never out of this world. Most of the time they only seem that they want to be bothered with each other but they make delicious food and as long as you're not coming to make a best friend with the staff, you will have a great experience. 

They offer takeout, dine in and even delivery if you use caviar! There is usually street parking which is 2 hour parking.
We love blackbird. We order and stop by when we're in the mood for pizza,but don't want the guilt that comes with say, rustica. ( don't worry we are still regulars at Rustica). The plain isn't my fav. but it's still REALLY good for vegan pizza. Go for the different toppings- they add a lot of flavor and some spiciness p.s. we aren't vegan.. it's just good pizza! We alternate between this and others in the neighborhood, but it's nice to leave and not feel like you have to b-line to the couch. Salads are really good too. The buffalo wings were super spicy and the fries look and sound amazing. Can't wait to try them next time. For some reason it feels less of a splurge when you know it's sort of healthy! I am trying to eat less dairy so I'm really happy to have you guys so close.
Blackbird is my absolute favorite vegan place in Philly. I absolutely love the original location and left a review regarding my experience there. This new location although much nicer and more spacious...is not my preference. Mainly due to the customer service. Came in on a Saturday night the place was empty. The cook looked at me and turned back around without greeting me. I in return greeted him, still nothing but a cold stare. A woman then proceeds to approach the register to take my order. No warm greeting there either. In fact, she was pretty cold and stand offish and very short with me as if me being there was a bother to them. The food tastes great though just like the original location. I more than likely will stick with the 6th street location where the staff is personable and friendly.
This place never disappoints!! The food is so good and awesome for the prices! I think the best part are the wings, the sweet and sour are the best in my opinion. The habanero ones are not for the faint of heart, they're extremely spicy (and I can usually tolerate spice!) not to say they aren't tasty though! They're also very filling so you can easily get full off one order of them and probably enough for a snack the next day! 
I've also had their pizza but I thought it was a bit too oily for my taste but that might've been due to the vegan cheese, it was still tasty though. The vegan cheesesteak was a little odd, maybe because I've never had a cheesesteak I can't compare it to the actual taste, but the fake cheez whiz didn't sit right with me. 
Overall, this is a great place to try some amazing vegan food!
I ordered a vegan cheesesteak online yesterday.  I entered everything I wanted, added another item to my cart and checked out and paid for my order.  I went there and picked up my order which had the printout of what I requested attached to the bag.  When I got home not only was the cheesesteak dry (none of my condiments added) the other item was incorrect.  I paid extra for this and it wasn't like they didn't have the order sheet.  There is no way to call as you have to order online which I understand due to Covid.  I am so disappointed as prior to this I had no issues with them.  Unbelievable...So sorry I added a tip as well.  I ordered:  Extra onions, Mayo, pickles, lettuce and tomatoes.  This is what I saw when I opened the steak!
I really wanted to love this place and was excited to try it while visiting Philadelphia as a long-time vegan.  While the food was ok,  the server was the least friendly and least accommodating person I have encountered at any restaurant in years.  She had a bad attitude and seemed unwilling to provide a nice experience.  A total disappointment.  There are so many good vegan spots to try in Philly where people are friendly, so skip this spot.  We had better service everywhere else including Vedge, Charlie was A Sinner, Hip City Vedge, Nourish, Dottie's Donuts, Goldie Falafel, 20th Street Pizza (salowner as Blackbird), Row Home Coffee, and Unit Su Veg.  Skip this spot and try any of the other places with better customer-service.
-Wings are awesome.
-Pizza is hit or miss. Could definitely could use more toppings on some of them. Felt like I was just eating bread on some pies. Funghi was the favorite.
-Cheesesteak, meh.
-Service is a little slow and disorganized.
I've never been to either of Blackbird's actual restaurants, so this review does not take into account the quality of the physical space or service.

However, I had a work meeting where we had Blackbird delivered for lunch, and it was really good!

My pre-vegetarian self's favorite pizza used to be Hawaiian, so I was so excited to try Blackbird's version (smoked tofu, roasted pineapple, thinly sliced scallions, tomato sauce, and violife mozzarella). It was so good! However, after about 1.5 slices, the violife cheese can get a bit gummy.

I also tried the Balboa (cherry tomato, seitan sausage, baby arugula, pumpkin seed pesto, tofu ricotta, chili flakes, and olive oil). It was amazing! In my humble opinion, the tofu ricotta is much better than the violife mozzarella. 

I'm looking forward to ordering from Blackbird again and trying some of the other pizzas, as well as the varied selection of vegan sandwiches!
Loved this place.  The vegan options are amazing.  Wish I lived closer to try more things.  We had the philly cheese steak, cheese fries, and rootbeer BBQ "wings"... all good.   

On previous trips to Philly as a non-vegan, I had locals take me to the best cheese steaks.  And frankly, this vegan cheese steak nails it.
They automatically add a 15% gratuity without telling you....I'm done coming here...the foods fine...I'm not knocking that...but I am definitely done giving them my money
Meh... didn't realize it had open till I saw somebody walking out the door today. Lacks street presence. Thought I'd give it a try because my regular spot was crowded. 

Disappointing... staff seemed indifferent to my being there. Different story when the hipsters with the septum piercings showed up though. Employee working the register suddenly chatty. 

Edible... pizza was ok. Definitely overpriced. I had a slice of the "Cheesesteak pizza". Hardly any steak on it. Lacked flavor. If you are looking for offbeat meals on pizza crust, walk a few more blocks to one of the originators of this pizza style: Rustica.

Empty storefront... I really did walk by this location 3 or 4 times before I realized it was open. Sign is hung too high to notice. No window or door graphics. Inside feels like a franchise trying not to look like a franchise and failing. Lacks any uniqueness whatsoever.
Finally got to see the new location last weekend... they did a great job! I like how open and bright it is inside. The service was good and the food is still just as I remembered. I read a few reviews about not liking the switch of cheeses - seriously, this violife switch made the pizza even better!! As good as it was with daiya, you certainly couldn't eat a cold slice with daiya on it. Definitely would come back next time I'm in that area of philly!

We ordered a few to go slices, 4 wings, a cheesesteak and a chicken parm.  Totally worth the drive.
Gotta try the "cheesesteak" pizza! Introduced this spot to friends and they all love it
I loved all of the food here! I came here with my family, so we split a bunch of different items for lunch. We started with the root beer BBQ wings, which were served steaming hot. They were delicious and a great start to the meal. Next, I tried the vegan cheesesteak, which was awesome. I would definitely get that again and again. I can't really say how it compares to a real cheesesteak, but I also don't really care, because it was delicious.

For pizza, we got both the Haymaker and the Funghi. The Haymaker has tomato sauce, seitan sausage, red onion, and cheese. It seems like a solid standby option - nothing too crazy, but all of the traditional Italian flavors. Even though I'm not a big fan of mushrooms generally, I enjoyed the Funghi pizza as well, which has assorted mushrooms, cheese and truffle oil. I definitely think it's the truffle oil that won me over!

We left Blackbird super stuffed and satisfied, and I look forward to coming back here the next time I make it back to Philly. I've only been to this location, but my parents, who have been to both, definitely preferred the parking situation here over the South Street spot.
Omg to all my vegan connoisseurs this is a must try!!!!!!!! I never tasted vegan cheese that tasted so close to real dairy cheese on fries. The cheese fries need a huge applause!!!!! We also ordered the spicy bbq pizza- crust was thin (so if you're into that you'll like it) there was a LOTLOTLOT of cheese. I agree that since it's hard for vegans to eat out at regular place and they can't eat much of it I guess they put a lot of cheese on the pizza bc they understand the pain. But I think if you are going to do that then make the crust thicker ? Idk but it was a lot of cheese on that pizza. I'm really eager to try other pizza condiments. Also I wish the interior was much bigger !!!
You guys, I'm not vegetarian and I'm not vegan, and it doesn't matter at all cuz this place is one of my faves!!! I am obsessed with the pizza, but those wings.  Go. Get. The. Wings. Now. Right now.  The rootbeer BBQ is my favorite but also loved the habanero buffalo (they aren't kidding around though, they are burn your face off hot). Really just adore everything about this place.  Haven't ordered anything I didn't like here.  Great new addition to the neighborhood.
Everything I had was delicious - Philly cheese steak pizza was what dreams are made of. The seitan was so tasty, texture was on point. Rootbeer bbq wings were sooooo crispy!!! Most chicken wing like vegan chicken wings I've ever had - the vegan ranch it came with was also really good. Texture of the ranch wasn't my favorite but the flavor was really spot on with lots of fresh dill. Beet Salad was beautiful and could have been a meal in and of itself. The tofu on top was really well seasoned.
If you're wondering if Blackbird pizza still has "it", they do. I highly recommend the BBQ wings, which only got tastier and more addictive as I went on. 

Overall, there's not a ton of seating area so I would probably recommend takeout, pickup, or stopping only for quick eats. Service is average speed, so don't expect fast-food level quickness.
Called Today since I noticed their online ordering platform did not have pizza listed, and was told they "permanently don't make pizza any more".

RIP. Used to be so good.
Easily five star goodness going on at this place. All the veggies are super fresh, and the staff / cooks all care about what they are doing . It's nice to eat at a place that puts it;s heart into the food being prepared and it comes through in the taste of all the food.

We started with some pizza, it had greens on top and some seitan Sausage that was incredible....The dough they make the pizza with is perfect and everything was extremely flavorful. We also had Cheesesteaks that were way better than any meat cheesesteak that i have ever had, and even today  i still think and crave returning to Blackbird for another round!! I think there might be something to the background flavor of rosemary in the cheesesteak that has me dreaming of having it again. Seriously Soo Good.

Best french fries too, And the serving is huge!! had enough to bring home for a snack later in the day.

On a last note, they play some great music in the restaurant.

cant wait to back for round 2 !!!!
This was once a reason for us to drive to Northern Liberties, but the food is going downhill and the staff is the WORST.
The absolute WORST.
I get that you rely on seitan and can't guarantee a gluten free option but it wouldn't kill you to offer a gf roll or slice of bread. Even if you can't do that there is no excuse to laugh in my face when I asked.
Putting that aside, would it kill anyone to greet customers?? We stood at the register for a good 3 minutes while the clerk typed away at something. She couldn't look up or bother to acknowledge us. The young man who finally took our order was much nicer but she still stood in his way and aggressively aggressively ignored us.
We had been trying to call for 20 min before we got there and the phone wasn't answered.
I don't know what you did with the cheese sauce for the fries but now it's sweet and gross. 
I hope the two sandwiches we ordered are better but I promise you, I see no reason to ever return.
You lost 3 loyal customers.
This spot hands down is pure heaven. I wish they sold their Cheesesteak meat Wholesale as I live out of state. 
I was definitely thinking this is the best vegan cheesesteak I had in a long time 

Good job BP
The pizza is good here but wow their wings and cheesesteak are a vegetarian dream! The sides are great too, as well as their unique and delicious fountain sodas.

Fantastic food, kind folks and good politics. What's not to love?
This place is amazing. I did not dine in, but instead did take out and it was packed! 

Food : We got the veggie supreme and the funghi pizza. They were both so delicious! If you love mushrooms, the funghi pizza is to die for. They were very generous with the amount of mushrooms that there was almost no cheese visible (which I love!!) The veggie supreme had a great hint of saltiness as well as generous portions of artichokes, olives, and mushrooms. They did not skimp out on toppings which I can understand the portion ratio to price. 

Service : The staff knew right away of my orders and were very friendly and I got my food in less than 5 minutes of waiting there. 

Highly recommend to everyone both veggie lovers and meat lovers!
Had to come to Blackbird again while in town! We had two slices of pizza and the cheeesteak. This cheesesteak was very authentic looking and tasted delicious. The pizza was good and had a lot of craft; not cheaply made at all.

I will say though, when you serve a pizza with arugula on it, you're supposed to heat the pizza and then put fresh arugula on it, rather than heat it with the fresh arugula already on it so it will wilt away. Just a tip.
Your employees desperately need customer service training. Great food, awful service. Literally had the blonde chick scream at me as I was leaving the restaurant after we had no conflict whatsoever. I would love to talk to the owner/management about the poor experience I had.
No more pizza despite the name. They now have a sister location that does the pizza so if you're looking for pizza don't come here. Come here for the cheese fries and the country fried sandwich with pickles.
This is an ironically unique vegan option, pizza and Philly cheese steaks. I must admit, the pepperoni pizza tastes exactly like the real thing. I was taken aback how authentic it tastes! Excellent job guys. 

And just when you thought they couldn't do anything more close to the real thing. Their BBQ wings are so hard to believe that it's not really chicken! You guys should try to make a deal with Wing Stop, or some place like that! 

The Philly cheese steak is a very close alternative to the real thing. For those vegans who want to remember what these things taste like. This is the best option I have had so far! Hats off to the chef!
I took half a star away because the men's restroom was dirty and another half because parking was hard to find. I took one whole star away because of auto gratuity. I was not happy about that at all as a first time visitor without notice. 

I was satisfied overall. The vegan cheesesteak was decent and the fries were really good. I like the fact that everything came made to order and I was not waiting long at all. 

This place could have been a 5 star visit, but I have to keep it real for future customers.
Yes to the vegan cheesesteak! It was great. Bring a friend, it's definitely enough for two. The pizza, ehh, was good for vegan pizza but I'm not the best judge because pizza is the one thing I break being vegan for- I love real mozzarella on my pizza. So don't trust my opinion on that but know that you prob won't love it if you eat regular pizza. The cheesesteak however, worth the drive and the hype. Great and soft and tasty. The vegan cheese wiz they make is magic. Can't wait to get it again. Service was fast, place was basic decor but clean.
Probably great for people who are vegan, but as an omnivore I found the pizza to be surprisingly okay for being all vegan. It's what you'd expect from vegan pizza, but a little better. I can't think of another place I know of that serves vegan pizza, so this must be a godsend and a much-welcome, convenient food option for ethical eating. Prices are reasonable, not much of a wait when I went.
Love the vegan. Wish it was organic. 
5 stars = Cubano, cheese steak, calzone.  
3 stars= cheese steak pizza, Popeye pizza with cheez.  
2 stars= Popeye pizza as is (No cheese). 

Sauce for calzone was less than room temperature and would be tastier if heated.
This place is simple. Sandwiches and pizza and both are done SO well. 

I personally prefer the Seitan chicken parm over their cheesesteak. I know they're rated as one of the best for vegan cheesesteaks but to me it tastes a little dry and burnt. 

Their pizza slices are the real standouts, pretty much all are delicious. They're quick to heat up and you're on your way.
I didn't have any pizza, but ordered the chickpea "tuna" hoagie to dine in. Thankfully it didn't taste like tuna, but it was tasty and huge!
Blackbird Pizzeria does not disappoint. Their menu has a little something for everyone. We tried the cheesesteak pizza which was cheesy and delicious and the haymaker, which does indeed pack a punch. It hearty and has a ton of flavor. For sides we tried the cheese fries and the wings in sweet spicy sauce which were incredible for the record. It was so refreshing to have "chicken wings" that weren't gardein-like in taste or texture. 

The vibe there is very chill and though it's a small neighborhood spot. It felt warm and inviting. The staff was friendly and helpful in recommending what items we should try. There's some seating in the very front of the restaurant which looks onto the street and there's more private seating in the back of the restaurant and a small outdoor courtyard area as well. 

Definitely give it a try!
Balboa: enjoyed the hints of pumpkin but the crust was a little too crispy for my liking, liked dipping it in the cucumber ranch my wings came with. Wished I had eaten it when it was hot 
Haymaker: cheese was nice and creamy with a good umami flavor, would get again
Wings: very saucy and paired really well with the cucumber ranch.
Come on a weekday night for faster service. They warm the slices for you in the oven after you order, so make sure to eat it then instead of waiting! Would come back again to try the cheesesteak.
Favorite meal from my Philly trip. Ironically, I didn't even get to try the pizza, if someone wants to mail one to Boston I'll update this review.

Philly Cheesesteak - Great. Some kind of cheese sauce / cheesewiz on top of loads of shaved seitan, on nice heavy duty baked roll. I'd say it reminds me a bit of the old Gianna's one I used to love, but it's been so long this prob has nothing to do with that one. Regardless, by far the better of the two vegan cheesesteaks I tried while in Philly.  

Root Beer BBQ Chicken Wings - A++. Nothing crazy going on here but EXCELLENT tasty sauce, just the right amount of it (satisfying but not over the-top messy), great texture, shape, and simultaneously crispy & tender.

There's a good amount of room in the restaurant (extra dining room in the back helps), fast friendly service (counter person was helpful with recommendations). Nothing to complain about I can think of!
Once I decided to go to Philly , I know I had to try this 100% Vegan Pizza everyone was raving about. 

I decided to get a large pie haymaker without red onions. The wait for the pie was about 30 mins so I definitely would advise you to call in advance to avoid the wait. However, that might of been because I ordered a whole pie , you can also order slice as well as a small pie. 

The pizza was really good ! I do wish there was more sauce then cheese on the pie but I probably should just order a different pie. All in all I would highly recommend everyone to try this. 

The service was really nice and they helped out and gave me updates on how much longer it would take.
I had expectations the pizza would be very good to excellent.  However, the cheese pizza slices I had were the worst pizza I have ever had.  The cheese and sauce were bland, odd tasting and lousy; the crust was tasteless.  This place identifies as vegan and maybe the pizza is reflective of that.  The service is slow and needs to improve and/or they need more help.  And, to top it off, their selection of cold drinks is too limiting.  They did not offer any diet or sugar free drinks and the only size bottled water was small.  I will probably not return and without some improvements this place may not make it.
I love the pizza here!!!! Such good vegan slices. So many good choices, last time I was here I think I had vegan barbecue chicken. I enjoy their Caesar salad and how they put capers in!! The cheese fries are amaZing, I like their fake cheese. The fake buffalo wings are good, however , I wish they had classic buffalo as a flavor. Deff worth it if you're vegan or vegetarian and are craving fake meat.
Just started this vegan journey 2 weeks ago and this place has made the substitution amazing everything I taste was amazing I had the buffalo wings and pizza,with options like this I'll never go back thank you blackbird for making vegan everything
My husband and I were in town for the weekend and wanted to try this place out after hearing about it online. I'm so glad we did because the vegan cheesesteaks were out of this world! I don't even understand how they make it taste so incredibly good, but it's sooooo delicious and so satisfying that now I want to drive 2 hours to Philly just to have lunch here!!
This place is incredible! It looks like a regular pizza place, but everything is vegan. I was so excited to try their food as a newly converted veganite haha. Anyway, I sampled three of their slices...all were delicious. I think spicy bbq was my favorite. We also tried their fries and the seitan fried chicken with a salad. Fries were good and the salad was good - the fried thing was not bad.

 Honestly, I could keep eating that pizza it was so good. The only thing for me was the next day I had so much acid in my stomach from the gluten in the doe. I try to be gluten free and I guess from not eating gluten for so long my body reacted. It's a shame because the food tasted so good! I just wish they were gluten-free!! 

If you're vegan and gluten doesn't bother you...this place is incredible! For me, I will have to keep searching for that pizza that doesn't wake me up in the morning with acid tongue. Oh well, I appreciate the experience Blackbird :)
This place is the same great Blackbird I love.  Not sure why upstairs neighbor is complaining about living upstairs from a restaurant and not commenting on the actual food.  Welcome to mixed use city living!  What did you expect when you rented an apartment above a retail storefront?  Sounds like you should contact your landlord and ask them to work out a way to live together.
Heard about this place a few years ago and I finally came to try it out with my sister who is a vegetarian. The cheese fries were really good, the fries were nice a crispy, and the cheese cause was really smooth, and tasted very similar to real cheese. We both got the cheesesteaks, and they're huge, I could barely eat mine, so I took most of it home. I wish the cheese was better distributed throughout the sandwich, as it was mostly just on the top, but it was still really good. I'd recommend this place to someone who was vegetarian/vegan.
i'm very used to getting the pizza from here but i was in the area and stopped in and saw they have a BBQ sandwich now which is a plain dottie's donut with slaw, pulled bbq seitan, mushrooms, onions, and slaw. this sandwich is great and surprisingly filling, i couldn't even finish it. i do think that using a little less slaw would be better, i didn't think that it paired all that well but a ROOT BEER pairs really really well with this sandwich. 10/10 would recommend. also very fast service, cute outdoor seating area, friendly staff. all the things. can't wait till the south philly location opens back up!
Delicious! All vegan ! 
My 7 year old step daughter ate (most) of a slice of "cheese" pizza without a problem !!!! 
I told her it was vegan after and it didn't even phase her. 
Will be returning for more ! 
Thank you for making such delicious vegan options !
Went back for the vegan cheesesteak and omg amazing! In my opinion it's better than the pizza by 100x! I couldn't get enough. I recommend!!
I have no idea why a delivery for 2 things would take over 2 hours to go out. Ridiculous they need to fix this
It is very small and casual, but the food is absolutely delicious. I would highly recommend for meat eaters and Vegans alike, as it is just as good if not better than regular pizza. They also sell seitan you can take home to make your own vegan recipes with.
The new place is beautiful!  We went on a Saturday afternoon to get grub for the rest of the weekend.  $60 later....
1 large pizza
2 orders of wings
1 cheesesteak
So good and fed us thru Sunday evening too!  I think my favorite thing there is and always will be the cucumber ranch.  Now if only I could get a recipe!

Pro Tip:  Microwave your wings for a minute and then throw them in the over for a few to crisp them back up.
I absolutely LOVE the spicy and sweet wings. They are my go to order. The cheesteak is also very good. The pizza not so much. Also the service is mediocre and it doesn't look very clean and I've seen staff handling food with no gloves.
Everytime I come here, the food is always great and the atmosphere is clean . The other location is the one I use to go to but they closed it for construction. Amazing vegan food and people
Must I say more than "WOW"? I was introduced to Blackbird by my vegan mentor a couple years ago and decided to try it with my best friend who's vegetarian. This food is so good that I even have my brother who is a hardcore meat eater HOOKED on the cheesesteaks, I even have my mom hooked to the wings as well. Lately my order has just been the spicy sweet wings, and the root beer wings which always have the most perfect sauce and side "cucumber ranch". The cheesesteak and cheese fries are so delicious! 

I always leave this place feeling full and satisfied, and sometimes with something to take home for the next day.

Which leads me to my next point! Don't order the habanero wings unless you're positive you won't pass out eating hot things. I love hot foods, but these wings took me three days to finish because they were so hot. Nevertheless, they were really fun to eat and stayed fresh until I finally finished the whole container  If you do decide to order them, proceed with caution and just know you'll have an interesting experience.


I live all the way in Northeast Philly so getting here using public transit is super easy! It's within walking distance from Spring Garden station and across the street from Penn Herb.
We came here for the vegan cheesesteak, but the perfect fries and hot Nashville fried seitan sandwich won our hearts. The cheesesteak was good, but the roll was slightly on the chewy side. Love the relaxed atmosphere but I could see issues with seating during busy hours.
Ordered delivery from here tonight... after reading so many good reviews, shocked at what I got. Wings, cheesesteak, and cheese fries - all arrived cold. Fries were soggy. Cheesesteak was just carelessly slapped together and completely doused in the cheese sauce which was weirdly sweet. Wings were heavy, fried to oblivion, and covered in a sauce that was almost too hot to be edible (and I'm generally a fan of spicy food). Bad.... just bad.
I wanted to love it here. I really did. But I found the service to be a bit cold/rude. Food was good, and they played good music, but the girl who took my order and brought my food practically threw it on the table without a word. You'd think I'd at least get a smile, "thank you," or "have a good meal" after giving her the benefit of the doubt and leaving a 20% tip for counter service. Lesson learned.
Very disappointed the last few times!
Blackbird Pizza was my fave especially the first location but it just seem as though the staff at new location just throw everything on the grill at once with No Love and the Pizza so dry
Best vegan pizza I have ever had. Funghi and Haymaker pizzas are great staples but don't sleep on the specials. Spicy  BBQ sauce was surprisingly hot! Loved it!
I've been tolerant of this place since the South st. location has been under construction. I absolutely LOVED the South st. location and it's staff. This location is the opposite, if you don't resemble someone of let's say a "hipster" like culture they pretty much treat u like a burden (I've seen it time and time again here). They've decided to upgrade the customer service from "bad" to "horrible" by taking to phone off the hook at night. I'm not gonna get into all the botched orders and sauce scarce wings. I hope for all of our sakes that NO ONE from this staff comes to the other location when it's back open. I also think that if you work around ppl and ppls food all day you should wash......your clothes too, esp if your gonna wear the same thing all week. God bless
The pizza here is probably great for vegans, but as a curious non-vegan (who enjoys vegan/vegetarian meals) this one was ok. I had the funghi pizza and a red pizza.
I'm sorry but I was so hype to try this place after reading the reviews and a friend of my daughter said it was "so good". I ordered a cheese steak and cheese fries. The fries were delicious! The sandwich was a complete waste of money. I took one bite and regretted this decision. It had a sour bitter taste to it. Very salty. I waited until i got home to try it again but I could not! I tool about 3 bites and discarded the remainder of the sandwich. The onions were placed on the top of the sandwich in the middle, not friend with the "meat".  I am vegan and was very disappointed.
I normally love Blackbird, but they should be ashamed of themselves and the food they are giving to their customers. I understand busy but when you give them 90+ min to make a pick up order and you get it home and it's subpar it ridiculous. The small pizzas should be 12 inches, the plain pie I got was so small, probably 8 inches at best. The cheesesteak pie was all cheese no "meat" and the cheese fries, which are $6, had no cheese on them. I should have just gotten fries. The beet pizza only has the veggies on half of it. $100 worth of food and it was so unappetizing.
Bomb vegan cheesesteak. The bread was so fresh and soft and really made it special. The seitan had the perfect beef-like texture and flavor. I wasn't feeling the cheese as much, but I rarely like vegan cheese. Wish the onions and cheese were more evenly distributed across the seitan, as they easily fell out of the sandwich while eating. All around a must try for a vegan in Philly.
Went last night for the first time with a friend who frequents the other location. She said they didn't have everything on the menu that the other spot has, like fajita pizza, but that's here nor there. 
As a vegetarian I didn't think I'd be impressed by the cheese here but was totally down to try the "meats"
I had the sweet and spicy wings and yo. Listen. Go there for just these if you can't try more things out. And the dipping sauce they gave you was so refreshing and set it off. I also ordered a slice of spicy bbq pizza and when I say spicy I mean spicy. Forehead sweat, nose running, all that. And mind you I eat spicy every day. I don't think I could have had more than one slice in a sitting. I took a few bites of my friends cheese fries and it's mind blowing that they are as good, if not better, than a lot of the real cheese fries I tried. 
Must. 
Go. 
Again.
When I lived in south philly black bird was my go to. Their cheese steak beats any meat eaters cheese steak in the city. That being said I've been eager to try this new location. I finally got a chance to check it out!
The BBQ wings are to die for! I actually think this location somehow someway was better than the south. But I could just be saying that because it's been a while since I've been to that one. 

Also the staff was awesome. We came in with a 1/2 to close. That's just not cool no matter how you swing it. The staff didn't mind. Even when we placed a second wings order.
We love this place. I plan my trips to Philly just so I can go there for lunch. I was there Saturday with my family. We had pizza, hot wings and cheese fries. Everything was good and the staff is always super nice. The girl at the register actually remembered me. 
My kids loved the cheese fries, too much, I barely got any.
Delicious.  I'm from LA where we have lots of vegan choices, however, we do not have the Setian Cheese Steak out here.  Nor do we have anything like the Hot Wings.  We got an extra order of both for our airplane trip back home.  Very delicious!
I'm not vegan and I was wary about trying vegan food, but this was eye-opening. I had a pizza with seitan (first introduction to it; loved it!), which tasted like any regular pizza - great! Also ordered fries which took a long time to come and were sort of cold; ordering off the display is clearly the way to go unless you don't mind waiting.
Great vegan pizza. Stopped for a quick lunch. 
Try spicy bbq very delicious. Prices are good too
For starters, this whole place is vegan... once that has set in, the slice I had was fantastic! The crust was crispy and well textured, the sauce wasn't too sweet or bitter and somehow the "cheese" in not real cheese.
We made this a destination dinner before a concert while in Philadelphia and I wish it was right around the corner from my house. We had pizza, cheese fries, a cheese steak and a calzone. If I had to make only 1 recommendation it would be for the calzone. Absolutely delicious. I would eat there again in a heartbeat. 
There is some seating up front and some in the back. Looks like they did a fair amount of takeout orders while we were there, but we ate in house. Very friendly and welcoming staff willing to make recommendations and answer questions. They only have bottled soda, but it was also very good. Pricing was about average for places we've been to in Philly and NYC, but the quality is very high. This place should be a must try for vegans and pizza lovers alike...
if you've ever been to the original blackbird location, you know about the food. it's still just as amazing at this location! the new place is so cool. bigger and air conditioned!! really neat exposed brick wall and a big menu right in front. It's so nice to have a blackbird so much closer to where I live! I can walk here now :3 hooray!! love u blackbird
Ok ok.... for now this review is gonna be short and sweet. The food is great. And you should probably be on your way here. Everything is worth tasting. 2 of my favorites are the Spicy BBQ Pizza and the Grilled Veggie Wrap. Try it.
A queer oasis awaits you outside of Philly's city center. After reading positive review after positive review, I knew that I had to visit Blackbird on my trip to Philadelphia. While I initially ended up at their South Street- which was closed- I was not deterred. The mile and half walk to Northern Liberties provided some hunger pangs that Blackbird more than too care of.

It took about 5 minutes for me to order food, as the counter/kitchen service was very busy. The folks behind the counter were friendly and inviting and I felt safe there with my partner. We ordered the seitan philly cheesesteak and a side of fries. The food took about 15 minutes to come out. They were pretty slammed with take-out orders and we just happened to beat the rush when we arrived.

Their whole menu is vegan, but I was drawn to the cheesesteak because it's Philly and how could two vegetarians not enjoy something so iconic to the city of brotherly love!? Even when I ate meat, I never had a cheesesteak, but this was pure gold to me and satisfied those protein cravings I get. The melted cheese on top surprised me because it didn't taste vegan- and I've had vegan cheese (it isn't that amazing most of the time). I do think the cheesesteak could have been a little hotter, but I also understand they were pretty slammed and probably didn't have time to carry everything out at the same time. The seitan was seasoned well, but the star of that dish was the bread. The French baguette it was on was chewy and soft and warm. I LOVED that bread and wished I had gone to the physical location of the Lost Bread Company- that's how good that bread was. 

The fries were my favorite- skins on and double fried with big flakes of sea salt. I am a fry connoisseur and any place that leaves the skins on is doing it right. When I return to Philly you will find me back in line (I'll Uber there next time). The atmosphere was casual, queer-friendly and I'm looking to try their vegan wings and hopefully their pizza (since it is called Blackbird Pizza). Tip the counter staff and don't stress about the wait time because it's worth it for a vegan place that's doing vegan food right.
This is not a gluten free facility it is vegan. It keeps coming up a gluten free and recommended. For those who are gluten free, celiac or gluten allergy there are no options. This is a. Great place for vegans. For those who are celiac or gluten free try Soy Cafe or Dolivia
The food is amazing, don't get me wrong. Being vegan is very difficult to find a vegan pizza option, especially in Philly. But, the reason for my 3 star review is because the wait... never order a whole pie from here for pick up or to go... because you'll be waiting for over 2 hours!! It's ridiculous! Either open another location or expand the current location like sheesh 2 damn hours. Don't pick up either because they'll tell you an hour and you'll get there and have to wait another hour lol it's ridiculous
I ordered a small pizza with seitan sausage and cheese fries via Caviar. When I got my order... no seitan :( I called the restaurant and they admitted that they made a mistake but have me no other option other than a refund through Caviar. 

 I am disappointed that even such a small order could not be filled without errors and that the restaurant want willing to work with me to get me the pizza I ordered.
Just as good as the original Blackbird, but maybe with longer wait times/less options if you want to grab a slice. This could also have been a matter of when we stopped in (a Sunday at 7).

My SO and I called ahead to order a pie to go, and the wait took about 30 minutes. I did appreciate that they made it very clear on the phone that it would take about this much time - because they were running a bit behind schedule. 

My go-tos are
1. Balboa - by far my favorite. Everything works together so nicely: You get a great flavor and texture from the seitan sausage, creamy richness from the tofu ricotta, some crunch and a general lightness from the arugula, and a really nice concentrated and sort of acidic flavor from the tomatoes. 
2. Funghi - I love mushrooms and if you're living in that camp as well this won't disappoint. 
3. Haymaker - I haven't gotten this in a while but I do remember liking it a lot. 

I haven't tried all of the different types of pizza but I have yet to try one I didn't like. I should note though that I'm not a fan of the wings. They're a bit too heavy for me. 

Eventually I have to try the cheesesteak as well, but I just like their pizza so much that I'll be sad if I order a cheesesteak in lieu of a pizza, and then don't like the cheesesteak.
Pizzas could use more Cheese and Sauce Especially for the prices $$..Stopped going cause i feel I'm just getting mostly bread instead of toppings..
Omg. Leaving this review as I'm eating because that's how amazing this vegan Italian hoagie (sub) is. 
Look no further for the PERFECT SANDWICH.
I'm so sad they no longer sell pizza but nonetheless the sandwiches are excellent and their wings and fries are delicious. Every time I visit Philly I make sure I visit!
The first time I had ever come by here, it was about 12 or so years ago at their older location, and I was stoked to be able to try out a vegetarian cheesesteak in the city where cheesesteaks were created. I remember not exactly liking my veg cheesesteak from here, and though I've been back to Philly several times since that initial visit, I never got to revisit this location until recently. 

A few weekends ago, the bf and I were in town, visiting his friends. I decided to come by here to give this place another shot and to get a cheesesteak for the road. The placed looked quite similar to the older location, and the pizzas they had on their menus looked quite good, but I still opted to get their cheesesteak instead. Looks like Blackbird makes a rather consistent product as it tasted exactly like how I had remembered it 12 years ago: a bit on the bland side. I think it's because the seitan is not seasoned enough for me that I just didn't like the sandwich all that much. I'm kind of surprised that this place would be considered as having the best veg cheesesteak in all of Philly. However, they do offer a bunch of other vegan options on their menu, so I would probably come back here, just not for their cheesesteaks anymore.
The Northern Liberties location (and only location at this time, RIP South Street) has a nice backyard space with a few tables; in general, I love that this spot has a good amount of seating, and it's spread out so that you can easily find your own corner. I tend to go here for slices solo too, and there's a convenient counter facing the street great for chilling and people watching.

Blackbird pro-tips: sandwiches and anything that's not slices take a while, so be aware. If someone's getting slices and another's getting a sandwich, order the sandwich and get the slices later.

I love how Blackbird has experimented with their menu over the years. I do mourn that they changed the bread on the tofu cubano -- it was my favorite sandwich, but I wouldn't recommend it now. Top pizzas: Spicy BBQ, Brunchbird, Balboa, Beetza. The order changes, but Spicy BBQ tends to be a consistent #1 for me, only pass go if you actually like spicy things.

Cheese fries are on point.
I came here based on the positive reviews, but was extremely disappointed with the results. We got the cheese pizza, and for the first time in my life, I actually regret eating a slice of pizza. It almost made us nauseous. The wings were likewise some of the worst I've ever had. If you look at the picture, they almost don't look like any part of a chicken I have ever seen. They were borderline inedible and well. The entire experience was simply shocking. I will not be going again, and would not recommend it to anyone as well.
Unbelievably good.  Just simply amazing !!! 

Walk in order at the counter, grab a number, and then grab a table, and prepare yourself to be amazed. 

This is by the far the best vegan spot that I've ever been to in my life.  I came back to Philly with my heart set on hip city veg, and that's when an angel sent by the lord himself told me about Blackbird Pizzeria. 

The cheese steak was amazing. Must try it !!!! I had a friend who wasn't a local and not a vegan to try it and he agrees that this undeniably good. I'm sure Mary had something to with the seasoning. 

Location is conveniently located for you to grab a bit to eat and then go out to get lit. 

If there's anything that I could complain about I would say the size of the establishment and it's set up.  It definitely has a nice aura but just weird to me.
They're good but the staff are not as friendly as you would expect. They treat you differently according to who you are (the way you look like). You can observe the difference in treatment. I've come here 2 times, and both times have been the same. The food is great, but the pizza they barely put "cheese" on it, which is very disappointing especially when they are pricey.  I've had their cheesesteaks, they're not the best but they are alright. I don't know if I would consider them "vegan good" or good in general, it has a weird aftertaste. Other than that it's a very nice setting but when you're sitting down the staff constantly check to if you're done which is very uncomfortable. I just want to enjoy my food and enjoy the moment, don't watch me!
