What a  solid little coffee shop on Passyunk Ave. It may be small but the size of the place shouldn't matter, it's what coming out of here makes the difference.  Black and Brew with that comfy atmosphere, that seductive aroma in the air , with their impressive list of different concoctions to satisfy ones crave for caffeine  is simply awesome.  From the cold brews, to the hand pours even their food menu , these guys are on point. 

Hey I have seen and been to  coffee places no bigger or maybe at times smaller than a Home Depot shack in Cali pumping out great brews. Drive up, order, and go basically. 

I had a chance to speak with  Dave, who by the way  is a knowledgeable barista gave me some great insight of what are the popular choices were. My coffee aficionados , Dave did not disappoint seeing I went with a nitro half and half iced coffee. Plus La Colombe is the brand that is being used in here, so one can not go wrong.

So step inside, enjoy a cup, grab something to eat and just enjoy the moment. You can also enjoy it outside if you want , nothing wrong with enjoying a fine cup al fresco.
I enjoy this coffee shop for a change of scenery from the usual haunts in my own neighborhood. There are plenty of tables and even some outdoor tables, tons of caffeinated options to choose from, wifi, and an extensive list of basic but solid breakfast and lunch items. 

The coffee comes with free refills which is particularly awesome on a Monday morning.
While I can't comment on their coffee (yeah, yeah, I know...it's a coffee shop) but I can tell you that their tomato and mozzarella paninni is yummers. I'm a sucker for a warm sandwich, and this one did not disappoint. Plus, they serve it with pasta salad and a pickle. It's a taste explosion and I like it. The perfect lunch, especially if you're getting your hair did at Fringe. If the sammies are this good I can only imagine how tasty their caffeine must be.
Generally I am not a morning person, especially when I have plenty to sleep off over the weekend. But I was in dire need of a haircut and the only time Jeremiah could fit me in over the weekend was 11 am today, and there are some things you just have to jump on. So after another fierce looking haircut courtesy of The Alley I was in the need for something strong and caffeinated. And after zombie marching down Passyunk East I came across here, read the name of the place, and felt like they were reading my mind.

This might just be one of the busiest coffeehouses  I've been in. But after taking the first sip of my cafe au lait I felt that it was well deserved. so many drinks varieties to choose from too. I'm also giving the service big props and not just because I found out that my friend Carly works there.

I only came in for caffeine on the go. But I am definitely showing up to eat there sometime. They have the usual sandwiches and baked goods that you would expect from a coffee house. but you can also sit down to things like an asparagus and cheese omelet!
How I love thee, Black n Brew. How very much indeed. Why no 5-star review? I'll get that out of the way...
No blue packets. Big pain in my rear. 
And I would REALLY prefer it if you were open a little later. I would kill to have your tofu scramble for dinner. Why can't you do this, damnit?
OK - now I will Yelp poetic all up on you. 
Coffee so good. Menu makes me insane with glee. The space induces a strange relaxation response. Regular customers are folk that make me happy - everyone from hipsters to gymgoing muscleboys. 
I have been making morning pilgrimages here with a friend almost weekly - and we are kept happy with coffee, soy shakes, and brunch fare. 
               So, that being said...can you get some Equal over there at the condiment counter? Cause that would really be great.
I love their coffee but if I am in any kind of a rush I avoid this place at all costs. Even on days where I just order a heated muffin or toasted bagel it's easily a 10-15 min wait. On several occasions I have waited (literally staring a hole through the barista hoping they will look over at me) in line while full blown conversations are had with a customer and the barista, I mean everything from oh your new here let me go on & on about the neighborhood to where did you get that Pope t-shirt & hearing the 5 min long story about his friend that made it and how everyone is asking about it & no he's not going to see the Pope yada yada, NEVER about coffee or food, always about other stuff, it's 3 of them, the 2 guys that work there and the girl, never the owners but I mean my goodness I just want my coffee & breakfast sandwich in under 20 minutes. I love that this spot has a neighborhood vibe and have been a loyal customer for years but please wait until after you have waitied on everyone to carry on a lengthy conversation with a customer in line or sitting at the bar when there are other people waiting to place their order. I am not saying that I don't enjoy a friendly worker, in fact I think Passyunk is sorely in need of more of them but I honestly wouldn't bother writing this if it hadn't made me almost late for work sooo many times. TBH the service from the heftier guy has always been terrible, I really thought after his first few months he wouldn't even last this long but it's been a while so I guess no one minds his lack of urgency.

Lastly, I'm all for local & homemade ingredients but the PB & J was flat out the most bland tasting PB & J I have ever tasted, zero flavor and no one mentioned that it was house made jelly, I think that should be mentioned somewhere so patrons are aware. The breakfast BLT is always on point once I add my own salt, it always needs salt, I think the kitchen is anti-salt in all of their food actually.

PSA to customers - if there is a line out the door on a weekend day please don't make all of us coffee desperate people wait while you let your cute little 5yr old decide on pancakes or eggies for 10 mins. Thank you
Black and Brew is a cute little coffee/sandwich shop on E. Passyunk on the edge of Passyunk Square.  This shop opens at 7 am, so you can get your coffee fix in the area while running your errands or heading to/from the gym or work.  There are a lot of vegetarian and some vegan selections at this spot (I would say about 50% of the menu), as well as a hearty selection of sandwiches and salad for meat eaters.  

I came here on my way to play football on a beautiful Saturday morning.  The inside of the restaurant was bustling and the outside sidewalk tables were filled to capacity.  I ordered a coffee and egg, cheese, and veggie sausage bagel sandwich to go.  The coffee was quick and delicious.  I would describe the coffee as a rich medium roast. They also have an espresso machine and can make you any variety of specialty coffee drinks.  The bagel was decent (after four years of living in NYC, I have some bagel snobbery issues)--they have several options--I went with everything.  The veggie sausage was so good (and convincing) that I checked several times to make sure I wasn't eating pork.  The egg was scrambled (I wish there was an option to get it over-easy--though I probably could have if I asked) and the cheese tasted like cheddar.  Overall the sandwich was huge, relatively cheap for a non-fast food restaurant (it was ~$6 total for the coffee and sandwich), and good.  My wait time from ordering to walking out the door was probably around 7 minutes--not bad at all for a busy Saturday morning.

I will definitely be back again to sample what looked to be a delicious lunch menu.  They offer "daily" specials on their web site, as well, so you can check out the changing menu before you go.
This is one of those places I'd hear a bit about from those who wander the East Passyunk corridor. I had to try it.

The atmosphere is cute, cozy but still doesn't strike me as the kind of place that'll get absurdly jam-packed which is a good thing.

I'd been here at least once or twice to grab some coffee but I wholly intended to check out their breakfast/brunch offerings. The struck me as reasonably intriguing.

Finally had the chance to stop in and grab a bite to eat. I spontaneously decided on a veggie breakfast burrito, which is alarming considering I've got such a carnivorous appetite and a taste for the savory.

Can't say I was disappointed. It wasn't the best but it was far from the worst. It was well-balanced and came out quickly. There's also a free refill on coffee for those who dine in, if I'm not mistaken.

The staff is really friendly and I'm destined to return to try out a few more things from their menu.
I generally like Black & Brew a lot. Amidst the sea of pretense that you typically encounter in Philadelphia coffee shops, it's refreshing to come across a cafe that is relaxed, has a really nice and open atmosphere, and doesn't have a staff who looks like they just came back from the most recent show at Kung Fu Necktie. 

It really is the entire package. Black & Brew has really good coffee, and their prices aren't ridiculous (unlike a certain B2, cough cough). While I typically stick with plain black, they offer creative fancy latte drinks and a variety of smoothies which you can amp up with all sorts of healthy things if you so choose. They also have really good food, which ranges from simple to decadent. The prices are fair, and while the portions aren't super huge, it's enough to fill you up and make you feel like you're getting your money's worth. Honestly, my favorite thing to get there is a simple bagel with hummus and a tomato slice because whatever they do to their hummus is awesome. The hint of cinnamon - and it really is just a hint - is something I would've never thought to put in hummus but it's sooooooso good. Also - they have a list of weekly rotating specials so things are always exciting in terms of food. 

Black & Brew is also really community oriented. They offer classes on all sorts of topics, and I believe the one coming up next is with a nutrition counselor or something about helping people break a sugar addiction. Along with that, local artist and Philadelphia celeb Isaiah Zagar's famous murals line the outside walls (but really, where isn't he these days?), while neighborhood artists get the chance to line the inside with their up-and-coming great works. 

I'm taking off a star for two reasons, though. The first is the hours. They aren't open past 7pm during the week, and 4pm on the weekends. I'm the type of person who can't study in my apartment because I associate my apartment with laziness and doing nothing, not school work, so it's kind of a bummer when one of my favorite cafes isn't open late enough for me to get a caffeine fix prior to a study session. I'm not suggesting staying open to midnight, but 9 or 10pm would be greatly appreciated (this is a nod to 90% of cafes, to be honest). Secondly, I was in their yesterday studying for a test in the early afternoon and they kept blaring music that would make more sense being played in a club, not a cafe (Rhianna? Katy Perry? T-Pain? Come on now). I know I said that I like how this place is lacking in pretense, but perhaps that's a double-edged sword because I would've killed for something more mellow and folky. Oh well, I still love this place bunches :]
Well I pass this place most every day and it's so nice to see a place with outdoor seating especially this time of year.  I've actually never tried the food and maybe that makes me a bad reviewer but their coffee is scrumptious. I know it doesn't take a genius to make iced coffee but every time and I do mean every time I have gotten iced coffee here it was more than perfect. Not too much ice, sweetened perfectly, and room for a bit of cream.
Mehhhh. I ended up here on Christmas Eve morning when both Bennas and B2 were closed. (If you are reading this ladies - I know you need holidays but please don't close again, we need you!!) It was crowded and I had to relocate a few times, I was constantly in someone's way. I had my usual Americano and it was the murkiest thing I have ingested in a long time. I am not impressed.
Sorry friends, but this is a no for me. The wife, babe and I came here about a month or 2 ago for brunch and we both had the huevos rancheros. The place was super busy, but even still, I was impressed with the service. Our waitress checked on us a bunch and was super nice even though we were outside. 

I was excited about our food choices at first because gluten free cornbread is not easy to come by! But alas, this was not cornbread nor was this a "special." More like unspecial corn flavored styrofoam. The rest of the food was alright, but is it really that hard to fry up some eggs? The only positive thing was that there was a lot of food so at least we left feeling full. 

The second time was today. The place was empty, so no one was in a rush. We walked in to the person at the counter loudly sighing, slamming down the phone and then immediately looking at us. She then started complaining about telemarketers to us as if we told them to call.....cool bro. Anyway, we awkwardly laughed at the complaints and ordered. I got the paleo hash with a green smoothie and the wife got a grilled cheese and a la colombe iced latte on tap. 

Literally everything we got was a fail. The only things that were hot on my plate were the eggs and bacon. The potatoes were soggy and tasted like they were cooked hours before and then quickly thrown into a pan to warm. The mushrooms were either from a can or also cooked hours before or both. The red pepper was the worst offender of all and was again either out of a can or was just on its way out. There was supposed to be salsa, but I only saw 2 tiny pieces of tomato and maybe a 1/4 of a teaspoon of watery red sauce. Also, there were no apple slices on the plate at all....though I doubt it would have helped. My smoothie definitely had no green powder in it and it most definitely did have ice. I'm going to assume it was a half of a banana, a lot of ice and a couple of blueberries. It was also not blended all the way so since I didn't have a spoon handy, I drank a few sips and quickly gave up trying to suck a chunk of banana through the straw. 

My wife's grilled cheese tasted fine but as you can see in the picture, it was tiny! I'm going to assume they used only bread ends since there is no way that was supposed to be the regular size. Her coffee was also literally one sip of coffee and 98% ice. Basically $5 for air. Thanks. 

To top it off, the person at the counter was really unprofessional. She was dragging her feet around the restaurant muttering to herself for a while, tripped a couple of times (which is fine...I'm clumsy as well) and then accidentally dropped something on the floor and yelled out "UUUGGHH PUT A BULLET IN MY HEAD!" I understand having a shit day, but dude really? Thanks, but no thanks.
This is my "neighborhood cup", so to speak. The staff are super friendly, the food is good, and the coffee exactly what you need. 

During the winter, I really love their espresso beverages, whether it's a basic cappuccino or latte, or a scrumptious mocha. During the warmer months, I absolutely love that they have La Colombe cold brew pure black and lattes on-tap. My wife and I also love their smoothies for a good on-the-go breakfast when heading out on a road trip to Minnesota or Maine.

Food-wise, my wife and I love splitting either the Popeye Burrito or Paleo Hash for breakfast. I also like to get the Breakfast BLT.

Did I mention that they have outdoor seating? Next time you come down to Passyunk Square, head on in, order a beverage and bite, and then pull up a chair under the trees. You're welcome.
So glad they opened.  South Philly needed a place like this.  It's cute, clean, and comfortable.  The coffee is good and the breakfast portions are pretty impressive considering the small price tag that comes with it.

Sitting outside is a plus since it's located off a side street so you don't see all the traffic that comes by.  The only uh-oh about this place is their summer hours are funky.  Maybe I'm selfish but I like to sit outside, with a drink, a magazine and a pack of cigs...closing at 4 on weekends cuts into my outside coffee drinking and smoking time, BUT I understand it's summer hours for a reason.
The breakfast burrito (eggs, black beans, salsa, sour cream, cheddar, guacamole) and standard wrap (i.e. their "standard" breakfast inside of a whole wheat tortilla; eggs, cheese, potatoes, breakfast meat) are both fine, but nothing special. 

PROS: Freshly made, served piping hot; fast and friendly service. I really liked the way the cheese, sour cream, and salsa mixed together with the black beans in the middle of the burrito. 

CONS: I asked for my bacon well-done, and it just seemed to be cooked the normal amount. The wrap was at least half potato, which made it pretty bland; I wish there was less potato, and that the potato was crispy on the outside. The whole wheat tortilla used for both was just really bland, too.
Coffee is black
Ready to brew
Sugar or not
Wassa mocha wit you?

Ok... that was a pretty "bad" (play on that redundant poem you might have heard of?) but on the bright side this coffee shop isn't. What I enjoy most about this place is it's subtle charm in not trying too hard to be anything but a place for people who enjoy relaxing to a cup of coffee. Not coming here to impress anyone or feel it's going to upscale their social status any. There's nothing trendy about it and that's the way it should be. Even the baristas' behind the counter are a mixed breed of colors, ideas, and well humans. They are friendly and observant not just b/c it's a job and they are getting paid but they enjoy what they do. Unlike some places where people mumble...

"What?"

"Ummm.... repeat that. I don't speak lame'se"

"Look, I'm busy refilling the syrups"

"Wait! I have to finish listening to this Magnetic Fields track"

"I can't serve you... That shirt clashes with your face"

Ok you get the point I guess....
COUGHLASTCOUGHDROPGAGCOUGH!

When certain cafes stop believing they are somehow the center of the known universe and people come their to bask in it's hollowness; I still have faith in some places that just serve people b/c we are people. 

This place is welcoming and cozy. There is always something cheery in the air. The artwork isn't always something you've probably seen in Brooklyn. The cakes and foods are always something new every time I at least stop in, which makes each visit enticing. There's something for everyone and every person. Last at each table is a different kind of person ranging from all backgrounds...

They may have a clever wordplay with the phrase "black and blue" but you won't be leaving this place feeling that way. Now that's irony.
This shop has a pretty good breakfast menu to go along with the coffe they serve, which is pretty good. Nice interior, pleasant workers, and wi-fi.. Good luck finding parking though.. Thats the only downside to shopping in this area..
We stopped in for breakfast this morning - and we were only one of two tables that had people in for breakfast.  The coffee was good and I would definitely go back for more coffee - the food was OK.  Not great, not bad, just OK and I would probably go back one more time to see if the experience is any better or not. 

It's quite small inside, but friendly enough.

I love the area - the neighborhood is great - as my hair dresser FRINGE is right down the street!
So the wife and I went here for brunch last Sunday and had some of the most disappointing food we have ever had. There was maybe three people that were sitting at the tables and also no line, so we went in and ordered our food. I got a sausage breakfast sandwich wrap with sausage and a side of potatoes, my wife got some platter with pancakes, eggs, bacon, and potatoes. I got a mocha ice coffee, and she got tea. The drinks were the best part of the meal. 

We sat at our table and waited and waited and waited. I took a look at my clock and saw that we had been waiting for over twenty minutes. The "waitress", and i say that within quotes because i don't believe a waitress should be wearing an outfit that looks like she wore it to bed and also I don't want to stare at ass crack while eating. anyway she never came over to tell us what was up with our food, though we did make eye contact several times with her. Finally the counter person told us our food will be done in a minute, she should have said five minutes.

When the food finally came out it was luke-warm and had the worst pancakes we had ever seen. my wrap was half filled with egg and it had one small breakfast sausage that was quartered in it. The wrap was mostly tortilla. The potatoes I ordered were nothing but boiled red skinned potatoes with no taste. my wife's plate was not better. The pancakes were hideous, now I understand now they are gluten free but at the time we didn't, they looked like they were made in a panini press that was made out of butter. The eggs were rubbery and the bacon was fine. 

When we complained that the pancakes were the most hideous ones we have ever seen in our lives, the "waitress" said, "oh um.... Yeah, well I don't make them so.... sorry?"

All in all our experience here lasted almost an hour when it should have taken half that time. The coffee is good but they need to work on their kitchen.

Two stars for the coffee.
They brew La Colombe (never a bad thing)

They have a healthy menu and vegan options (always a plus)

Friendly staff.

Tasty baked goods.
decent place to grab a cup of coffee.  I very much enjoy the fact that is only a block from my house and that the drinks are presented in a timely fashion, but the food is so-so at best, being supplied by my all time, most hated, anti-christ, first born stealing "food" giant supplier, i can not support the fact that a breakfast sandwich is over 3 dollars. sysco is the end all say all of lazy, disgusting, hormone fueled, genetically altered "food" stuffs.  buuuuuuut the coffee is bangin.
So happy I finally tried Black N Brew!  I came in for a fairly late breakfast/brunch and was hoping they would still have the PB&J pancakes with chocolate drizzle, but even though they didn't (must have been a limited time special), I settled on the Standard (eggs, potatoes, and toast (I went for a plain, toasted, buttered bagel) and a hot apple cider--it really hit the spot!  Not only that, I loved how homey the atmosphere was; I grabbed a seat right at the counter and while I was waiting, I struck up a conversation with Jen (one of the owners).  She has a wonderful operation going, and I hope it stays strong for years to come!
Black and Brew is a fantastic local business with great owners, healthy food and some amazing coffee.  That last part is based on what I hear, since I don't drink the stuff.  I just go for the food.  

Fresh ingredients, many vegetarian and vegan options and an inventive and thoughtful menu make B&B a perfect weekend morning breakfast pit stop.  I've had the pesto scramble (pesto is the star here, so fresh!) and Popeye's burrito (awesome).  If I lived closer, I'd surely eat my way through their entire menu!

Stop in for a good-for-you bite to eat and some caffeine, courtesy of Colleen and Jen.  They are passionate about food and service, and it shows!
Surprisingly large menu for breakfast and lunch. Very small space and it always seems to be packed. With one barista waiting on everyone, expect to wait a bit. The granola and yogurt is huge and brimming with fruit and granola. I'd go back and try other menu items, but probably during off-peak times.
Over the past 6 months or so there has been a steady decline in general quality at Black & Brew. Wait times for simple orders have become intolerable, orders constantly messed up, and very inconsistent results - often borderline unacceptable. Today I got the tofu scramble (delivered). The salad was obviously old, the tofu scramble part was not at all what it has been in the past.. before I got some fresh spring greens on the side; today I got wilted romaine. I've been a regular customer for years - I go there very frequently - so I've hesitated writing this review for a while now. Hopefully things (possibly management) change soon cause I really miss being able to go there whenever I want without feeling like I have to wait forever to get food and then wonder what it's going to come out like.
Finished my first acupuncture session at South Philly Comm Acupuncture and was dying for my caffeine fix.  Saw Black & Brew across the street and was like "Oh Yeah!"  Well they have a pretty good selection of breakfast & lunch items (very veg friendly).  There was a outgoing hipster dude who took my order and suggested the blueberry french toast.  3 layers of french toast with alot of blueberry cream cheese sandwiched in between - yum!  

So I wanted my bacon soft and wiggly (hey don't judge if I want trichinosis) and all they had was crispy bacon.  I  tried to eat it but it way too crispy for me.  Well David, the sweet guy who helped me with my order said, we all work too hard for our money to pay for something we don't like and gave me my money back - WHAT????  I was so floored and impressed that I gave him the money back as a tip!  WOW, David you are an awesome rare gem.  I will be back!!!
I got the tofu scramble. It is not nearly enough food for the amount you pay. It arrived an absolute mess, which isn't the restaurants fault except they could definitely package it better. It was bland and the consistency was really gross. It was slop- not a scramble. Wish I didn't waste money here.
I came here for Saturday brunch because the menu looked delicious. I went to the counter to order and waited for the barista to notice me. When she finally put down her phone, she looked up and stared at me. I asked if I could place my order and she continued to stare without saying anything. I was so uncomfortable that I forfeited the meal I was planning on ordering and just got a latte. She went through the whole transaction without bothering to open her mouth even once. 

The worst part is that the latte was terrible- it tasted like milk (no espresso) and the cup was just over half full. 

With all the great coffee/brunch spots on Passyunk this is not a place that I would recommend.
I've been here a few times - both for morning breakfast, and afternoon snacks. Black N Brew is pretty consistently great.  The food is good, the smoothies are well made (I suggest the Thriller Chiller - really good, very heavy and filling, but good), and the service is fine. I've both eaten breakfast here and left, and stuck around to do some work; in both instances, I was pleased with the experience.  It is a smaller place, and it is definitely veg friendly.  I recommend going at an odd hour, as it does get really crowded sometimes in the morning.  As a side note, I've always loved the music they play here. It's almost always feel good sing along music.  Which I appreciate.
This is way more than a coffeeshop. They embrace the glories of my (most often) favorite meal, the glorious BREAKFAST. I expected to walk in and grab an iced tea to go, but couldn't resist sitting down to enjoy a vegan hash (with guac for jazz) and reading a magazine to enjoy the vibe. 

The outdoor seating is limited, but there was no issue sitting inside -- since it has a loyal local following, many of the patrons are in and out with their morning brew -- leaving more seating for the diners. The service was really nice, the food tasty.

I was very tempted to get a smoothie, and will definitely try one on a return visit. Black N Brew has lots to offer, and I can see why they've got many regulars.
I love the food here and it seems like they have something for everyone. 

(BLTs! french toast! omelets! smoothies! toys! wifi! outdoor seating! a really tall bar that makes you feel gigantic!). 

However, I recently had a less than fun experience when I stopped by after work hoping for a coffee and bagel treat. 

What kind of bagels do you have?

Oh, no bagels? You always run out by this time? I guess I'll try to get off work earlier...(Maybe you should make or order more?)

Anyway... No bagel. OK. How about a sandwich? A salad? A something?

Oh, right, the kitchen is closed. Even though the store is open for another 1.5 hours.

I guess I should have known that too.

Well, just an iced coffee then.

Oh, no debit for less than $5?

Well, if you were serving food, I would be spending more money...

I'll just get coffee elsewhere today.
Sadly enough I'm writing this review as a note to myself in hopes that I see this review when it shows up next time I try to Yelp a place for brunch. I've been here 2 times. The first time I walked in because green eggs was packed and I didn't want to wait.  I guess it was so mediocre that I didn't even remember coming so hence the second time I walked in was last weekend because I wanted to try someplace new LOL (well this looks familiar").  
Anyways, I ordered a simple everything bagel with egg and cheese.  Well, it was probably the worst bagel I've ever had, dry and hard. Almost tasted like it was placed on the counter overnight.  My boyfriend order the "deelux" which was just eggs, potatoes, and pancakes with a side of sausage.  It was probably the sloppiest plate of mess I've ever seen. They pretty much plopped the pancakes on top of the egg and potatoes? Seriously ? Does it cost too much to serve the pancakes on another plate ?  Overall absolutely disgusting breakfast, a bad Sunday breakfast sometimes ruins my day.  Please let this review show up if I ever look at this place on Yelp. 
Side note, coffee isn't too bad but really isn't worth coming for with numerous awesome coffee spots in philly. So no gracias, I'll pass!
Black N Brew seems to be my backup spot when my previous choices are either too busy or closed. Luckily, it's a very good spot for coffee and brunch and I definitely recommend coming here as a first choice. I haven't been here while it is busy which is good because the wait will most likely be forever and I might not be able to find a seat. The girl who made my coffee behind the counter moved really fast, though. My iced white chocolate coffee and California burger wrap were amazing. Can't wait to try more things on the menu.

There is indoor and outdoor seating.  Parking is street and I've never had a problem finding it. They do accept credit cards although I don't know if there is a minimum.
This place gets really crowded but it's for a reason.  Really good food.  I came here for breakfast.  The cashier was really sweet and funny.  I did wait a bit for my food but it was worth it.  I had the eggs with toast, bacon and some of the tastiest breakfast potatoes.  I wish the place was a little bigger but other than that all good
This is a review for take-out only.

I came in here a few mornings ago when I knew I needed coffee/water to make it the three more blocks to the subway. The space is small but cozy and the staff I encountered was super friendly and the service was fast and efficient.

My coffee was reasonably priced and strong. There was an upcharge for soymilk which was unexpected because I have been going to grindcore alot lately. I ordered an egg and cheese on an english muffin which was cooked quickly and tasted a whole lot better than the rank dunkin donuts near my work.

I will be stopping by again on my morning commute. They have a free water pitcher which was a nice touch, I like to hydrate before downing caffeine.
This is a great hangover spot where I've never been disappointed. The menu is surprisingly large for such a tiny place, and everything I've had is good. Plenty of vegetarian choices. There is something about the pancakes here that is unique and delicious, I love them and have probably ordered them every time I've been here. 

The atmosphere is comfortable with cute decor. It can be a bit cramped inside, but that's South Philly coffee shops for you in general. I typically opt for the outdoor seating if available, it's really lovely on sunny days. 

The service is quick, efficient, and friendly. Overall, great spot!
My first visit here, the counter guy was kind of meh, and not so friendly. However the pumpkin soy latte (in November!) was so delicious, I decided I needed to come back again sometime.

So I went in and ordered a bigger pumpkin soy latte (in DECEMBER!) and the counter girl was super social and nice. 

I'm also amazed at the food selection that they have, though I've never tried it.

I can't give 5 stars because there is absolutely no way I could get a stroller in there, and that's a little stressful when I have a baby in tow.
This is one of my favorite places to go if I need a good cup-a-joe and a sandwich in a relaxing environment. The Black n' Brew serves up breakfast and lunch items at very affordable prices and if you're feeling like you're over the hipster vibe at Morning Glory or Sabrina's, the Black n' Brew is a perfect place to go on a lazy Sunday morning.
My husband and I ordered 2 similar sandwiches to go with different sides. He started eating first and thought the food tasted really weird. Turns out they mixed up the sides leading to my husband, a vegetarian for 15 years, eating most of a turkey sandwich. I called to tell them about the mix up. The guy who answered barely apologized while saying it was our fault for not looking into the sandwiches first. Very rude and disappointing.
Black n brew is one of my favorite coffee and breakfast spots. I used to stop on a weekly basis but my schedule doesn't allow for it anymore. 

The two owners are super nice women who are very appreciative for the business.

They use metropolitan bakery bread(my favorite in the city) and la columbe coffee(some of my favorite coffee in the city). Honestly, that would be enough for me. Throw in free wi-fi, free refills on your coffee, and awesome food(try the black n brew cakes. They are almost like a Swedish pancake served with a yummy butterscotch sauce).

Oh they are also very kid and doggie friendly.
This is a great addition to the neighborhood.  The vibe at the place is awesome; it feels really cozy and the staff is great.  The coffee is good.

But as Jon L said, this is as much of a dining establishment as it is a coffeeshop.  They have a full kitchen in the back and do an excellent breakfast.  The menu is simple, but they have weekly specials to keep things interesting.  If you're sick of waiting 45 minutes to get into brunch at some of the well known places, check this place out.
Service is fast, friendly, and food options are great. I hear it's byob now which is a nice addition. Breakfast blt is delicious.
it's small, 
it's pretty reasonably priced, 
it has amazing homemade veggie cream cheese, 
it has plenty of veggie friendly options as well as meaty ones, 
it's filled with cute little pieces of art, 
it has outdoor seating for those times of the year you want to be outside, 
it doesn't allow pets, 
it's an overall pretty neat spot.
I am an early morning riser and being new to this neighborhood and fresh out of Nespresso I was scouring the block at 7am for an open coffee house. Score! This place is so cute and quaint & serve up a fierce breakfast menu to boot! Got myself an iced coffee red eye (made with my favorite bean - La Columbine). Couldn't resist trying out a bite to eat and went for the breakfast burrito. Everything inside that wrap was fresh and hot & reminded me of the burritos I used to eat at Bonnaroo music festival. Great little corner shop that will be a staple for this girl
I miss you black and brew! i used to come here EVERYDAY before i opened my own business - now no time. :(  The coffee and staff are fabulous! i don't even have to order, they know what i want when i walk in - just how a neighborhood place should be. they even have treats for my dog! fun, friendly and good eats. :) my favorite is sitting outside in the summer with an iced hazelnut latte, a breakfast sandwich (everything bagel, sausage, egg & cheddar!) and my dog. ah - i can't wait! :)
came here on a stressful morning after a bridal fitting (not mine)...and it was perfect! a laid back cafe with generous coffee servings and the best brunch around. order the butterscotch pancakes or toasted banana bread - they're unbelievable. plus, the cafe is doggie friendly.
Black & Brew has some of the greatest and healthiest meals. They make a mean breakfast burrito!! The food is so fresh, filling and really affordable. I love the friendly and welcoming atmosphere.  It is a great place for me to grab a bite or spend my afternoon chilling out with a good book. I love it!  I encourage anyone and everyone to check it out. You won't be disappointed!
Came in today to grab a bag of La Colombe for a friend and FELL IN LOVE!
It was very busy but I was greeted right away by David who was so upbeat and had the entire place taken care of.
Even though they did not have the exact bag I was looking for they were ready to accommodate me with an alternate option and offer me a free cup to go!
David was amazing and waited for me to call my friend to confirm whether she wanted the different choice.
I left without purchasing anything... But became a new customer and left a tip because of the amazing customer service.
This place made me like breakfast burritos. They're awesome. 
The coffee is eh, I can't tell if it's really strong or just really burnt.

Added plus: they don't mind if you bring your dog(s) inside while waiting for your takeout.
Great great brunch spot in East Passyunk/South Philly.  Its a casual spot but they serve all breakfast favorites and more with a foodie touch.  They have outdoor seating as well, not terribly hard to fine a table.  You order at the food far and then sit down, but the line moves fast and they bring out the food.  Breakfast sammies are my partner's favorite, finding good ones is harder than expected, they do them well.  Overall, great cafe style brunch spot with great foodie options.  Glutten free options as well.
My first Yelp review.  I would begin by saying something like "Meh," but I really, really @###ing hate it when people say "Meh."

I'd like to give this place three stars or at least two and a half but as I'm bound by whole numbers it's getting two for now.  Upon moving to the area I had high hopes for the place since it seems to be fairly non-cliquey and serves a wide variety of things, including breakfast all day (and who doesn't like breakfast all day?).

Unfortunately I'm just not that impressed with the food.  I had the "turkey reuben" on my first visit.  If you want to reinvent the reuben go ahead, but at least do it well.  It was served on triangles of pita bread (??), contained almost no sauerkraut and dressing and had a lot of cheese.  So basically this wasn't a reuben at all, it was a half-assed quesadilla on pita without salsa.

A couple of other times I've had their breakfast fare and found it to be pretty mediocre.  I don't think they use high-quality ingredients.  The worst of all was today when I got a brownie from the pastry case and it was the worst brownie I've ever had in my life, extremely dry with a cardboard taste.  I asked the guy working behind the counter to throw it away.  He was nice enough to offer me something else, but I just decided to cut my losses, take my latte and head down to Artisan Boulanger/Pastissier for a real pastry.

I must say that at least I've found all the staff very friendly there, including the aforementioned guy, who I'm pretty sure has some nasty b.o., but at least he's accommodating.  I'm not saying I won't return.  It's a close, easy breakfast.  I haven't had their coffee but have no complaints about the espresso drinks.

Side note:  they need to adopt a no-shirt, no service policy.  I was in there a few days ago and the presence of a shirtless bozo-the-clown-haired hipster really brought down the ambience for me as a customer.

As another reviewier mentioned, we seem to have a Hobson's Choice between this place and B2 (which I also don't care for).  But there is the boulanger down the road...

I get the feeling a lot of the businesses around here don't try hard enough because they figure they've got a captive audience.  I hope that isn't true.
This coffee Shop has a great atmosphere and excellent service.  The food was fantastic and the owner was friendly and accommodating.  

I came to Black and Brew with my sister and her boyfriend and we enjoyed joking around with the owner as we were ordering and everything was great.  The coffee tasted great and the breakfast sandwich -Bacon egg and cheese - (which they serve all day) was fantastic.  It was served on a delicious bread which was toasted perfectly and the portion was just enough to fill me up without stuffing me.
Everything I'd want from a Passyunk square cafe wrapped into a little shop literally at a corner. Not nearly as many studiers or hipsters as across the street - much more of a casual family/lounging atmosphere. My only regret is that I don't live closer to this spot - but it's worth the walk for coffee and pancakes nonetheless. 

I've only been twice but each experience was good. The girls behind the counter were prompt with my coffee and breakfast came out hot and steaming. Pancakes were delicious, so was the egg breakfast I had.  The food wasn't Honey's or Morning Glory, but it was yummy.  This spot was packed when I got here both times from people wanting breakfast (like a diner) and others wanting to coffee lounge. My only hesitation for the 5th star is that this place does not bolster near the space to accommodate both. If you came during the rush, you'd be waiting or taking it to go (like I almost did). Real estate is still cheap down there, hopefully they can expand in the future!
Yay for vegan AND gluten free options!

Ordered from this place on a lazy Monday morning on a day off of work and was quite surprised at how good it was! We ordered through Caviar, which now (or maybe it always did) charges both a service fee AND a delivery fee (which was like $8 in total) but I had a coupon for free delivery. Anyways, this review is about the food and not the delivery service. 

I ordered "The Breakfast Burrito" which was supposed to come with eggs, beans, cheese, sour cream, guac and salsa. I opted for the vegan option which replaced the cheese and sour cream with vegan options (I am lactose intolerant, not vegan). I also opted for the gluten free wrap. However, I noted on the order that I am allergic to cilantro, so they omitted the guac and salsa (which in hind sight is kind of sucky because both of things are delicious if you don't ruin it with cilantro...I digress). Still paid for those things, I guess. I also added turkey bacon because yum. 

My mate got the "Popeye Burrito" with spinach and goat cheese and added bacon. He enjoyed his very much. 

Overall for mine, "The Breakfast Burrito", I found it to be quite satisfying. The vegan cheese and sour cream seemed authentic enough for me. I really wish they would have reduced the price for omitting the guac and salsa though. However, and I'm sorry to have to say this, the gluten free wrap was trash. It was so dry that I ended up picking most of it off. I don't know if the salsa and guac would have helped with the chalk of a wrap that was served, but I'll never know. 

I'm looking now and each burrito was $11.50, which I think is pretty okay but I don't find myself ordering burritos a lot because of the whole dairy free gluten free thing. It's up to you, I suppose!
Black & Brew is a nice little breakfast/brunch spot that can easily be overlooked. Its right on the corner of 15th & East Passyunk Ave. Just walking by this place it appears small and divvy, it's very easy to overlook. Once you walk in,  order off of their menu, and sit down with your La Columbe coffee your thoughts will then change. A lot of locals frequent this place for breakfast and many come in for their morning cup of coffee.

They have quite an extensive menu and are very accommodating. They have dairy alternatives like Soy Milk and have egg whites vs. real eggs. I ordered the omelets with spinach, tomato, goat cheese and asked for egg whites. That came with hash browns and bread. The omelets was really good. The goat cheese seemed to melt into the omelets really enhancing its flavor. The taste of the hash browns were very home like. They use actual real potatoes and season them well. 

I also ordered the chai tea latte with soy. It was very smooth and definitely good to the last drop. Everyone here is friendly and attentive. The prices aren't bad for the quality of food that you get. The only downfall here, is that Black and Brew, can get super busy and its really on the small side. So sometimes there isn't really an open table. You can however always take your food to go.
I am only making this review based on the coffee/staff. I did not try any food.

I understand this coffee shop is in the Passyunk Square hipster neighborhood, but I was really turned off by the unfriendly staff. I was waiting at the counter ready to order for a good two minutes, making eye contact with the barista in the interim. The barista was chatting with a friend who was sitting at the counter. I finally ordered, excited that the coffee brewed is La Colombe. Unfortunately, my coffee tasted like it was brewed about 3 hours prior.

However, what I like about Black n Brew is the outside seating and the face you can't move the tables, which is nice for those times when people hog all the tables :)
The folks here are super nice, but I can't in good conscience give more than 2 stars to a coffee shop that sells (bad) "cold brew" in a bottle that just plain tastes burnt.  I was here months ago and the house cold brew was pretty good.  Sad to say it's no longer the case.  I also had a wrap that was called a mushroom sandwich but had very few mushrooms on it.
I ate brunch here the other day, and the overall experience was mediocre at best. 

I do understand this place is pretty popular, but the seating was inadequate (two tables in the whole restaurant that could seat more than 1 or 2 people). My part of three ended up standing for a while, sort of hovering over another table while the finished. 

The menu had a lot of great-looking options - from french toast, to omelets and burritos, to sandwiches, paninis, and salads. It was hard to make up my mind. Not to mention, the coffee drinks all looked super yummy. My friend had a Pumpkin Americano which was made with not 1, not 2, but 3 espresso shots! Wowzers. 

I chose the "veggie burger wrap" which ended up being more like a mushy bean burrito and nothing like a veggie burger. There were black beans and chunks of pickle in this mess, and it was rather unappetizing to look at. I even asked one of the servers if this was actually what it should look like, and she confirmed that this was what the "veggie burger wrap" was. (Maybe the one who took my order could've warned me that this was not, in fact, at all, a burger?) I did eat it, but I wouldn't say I really enjoyed it. Oh, and it came with a pretty weak day-old salad which was nothing but romaine and balsamic dressing. 

I'm giving this place a 3-star, because I do have confidence that my experience was a stand-alone poor meal. My friends' brunch looked really good, and the other items I saw come out of the kitchen looked scrumptious, as well.
Good coffee, really good food, and my dog is allowed to come in and jealously watch as I eat breakfast. The only reason I gave it four stars instead of 5 is because there is a woman who works there who seems less than happy to be serving people. I don't know if she's the cook or what but she can't seem to muster up a smile and when I thank her for bringing me whatever it is she brings me, she doesn't say "you're welcome." She just skulks away. She seems put out by even small requests (for instance, a request for "more ice, please?" was met with a cold stare - and then she got me more ice).  I don't know if she's unhappy or just too cool to smile, but she sometimes brings me down, so I say "Cheer up, Sister!" cuz you're turning a 5 star coffee shop into a 4.
So good- coffee drinks are not too sweet and the food is always fresh and delicious. Get the chai tea latte, it is my fav. When you come, sit outside if it is nice. It is across the street from a cool plant store in a converted warehouse. And, if you drive and find yourself cursing more than usual to find a spot, park in the Acme parking lot down the street, no one will know (shhh I did not tell you this, and you're welcome)
I stopped in one day, very hungover, very much needing a coffee to tide me over til I could get to the cantina and have a couple bloody marys. The 1/2 a block is a killer, i know! Anyway, it was busy, but the staff was friendly (if a bit slow? My somewhat fuzzy memory seems to think it took a reeeeaaally long time to get my mocha) but luckily, being hungover, i was not at all impatient. Although I do have to go back and try again before really forming an opinion, I'm not terribly impressed. My espresso was burnt pretty badly. Oh well.
Great coffee excellent service super nice people great views sit out on the sidewalk and look at the Magnificent Philadelphia women walk by. Hang out with the king of Real Estate of Passyunk Larry Lichtman the Don of real estate on Passyunk. #EastPassyunk#LarrylovesPhilly
Yes, the breakfast burrito with bacon is expensive at $9 - but to me, it's worth it.  My fiance and I each get one every Saturday - they are that good!

We also get the peanut butter banana smoothie pretty regularly - sucks that's it's different every time, depending on who is making it. 

Overall a great neighborhood spot!
I absolutely love everything about Black & Brew. It is the perfect place to get some work done when you need a change of scenery from your home office and the staff are always warm and welcoming. The food is fresh and delicious and the prices are gentle on my wallet. The offer free Wi-Fi (hence the home-away-from-home office) and bottomless mugs of coffee for $2.50!

Whether it's breakfast, lunch, or a snack on the go--Black and Brew is one of my favorite East Passyunk establishments!
I decided to brunch today and went to Black N Brew for a bite to eat.  I'd never eaten there before, but have stopped in for their coffee, which is serviceable when needed.  I ordered the breakfast burrito with a side of sausage and was promptly greeted with one of the worst breakfast's I have ever eaten.  The consistency of all the ingredients was exactly the same, and the flavors unintelligible from one another.  I was unsure what I was eating, and the whole thing, if not doused in hot sauce, ended up tasting something like gruel wrapped in a flavorless tortilla.  The sausage was cold and lackluster.  For the $10 I payed, the portion was appropriate.  I am so disappointed.
what happened!!?!?! i used to come to this place a lot about a year ago. a charming, seemingly all-girl run cafe, with great drinks and decently priced average/ consistent breakfast and lunch food. Last week, I went in and waited about 20 minutes to get a coffee... A COFFEE! Now I  have worked in several coffee shops and I know that sometimes there is a line and only a few people working, but this just seemed really inefficient. 

two weeks before this, my boyfriend and I went in to get some breakfast and sit at the bar.  the service was super friendly (that's one thing that's consistent), but then our food came out...   

I wouldn't feed that stuff to my dog.  the breakfast burrito had almost no eggs in it and was virtually all sourcream and some cheddar cheese and salsa.  that's it no beans, no guac. disgusting.  my boyfriend's meal was equally grotesque- a signature omelet, with a HUGE chunk of goat cheese stuck right in the middle. the eggs were fakely yellow, and the tomatoes were slimy and brownish in color. 

and now, prices have been raised yet again.  its sad to see that a place with a lot of potential just isn't worth eating at or waiting in line for 15-20 minutes to grab a coffee on the way to work.
I've only been here once, and that was to get an iced chai latte. It was decent -- I mean, I have yet to find a place with REALLY tasty chai. I was more impressed with how friendly the barista (owner?) was. She and I chatted about Reading (where I grew up), and when some guy came in asking for water for his dog she was nice enough to give him a cup. I'd gotten so used to all the angry Philadelphians 'round here that I'd forgotten how pleasant people can be.
Amazing Blueberry French Toast.  The guy at the counter always has a smile on his face and is super nice.  Best breakfast nook/luncheonette on Passayunk.
Perfect neighborhood cafe!  They have delicious coffee in appropriate sizes and for delightful prices.  A full breakfast, brunch and lunch menu every day including MANY vegan and vegetarian options.  It's a small space but they make good use of the space and there is outdoor seating as well as Passyunk Square seating just a few steps away.  The women who are always working the counter (I think the owners?) are both really nice and helpful, even when they are super busy.
This place defines South Philadelphia for me personally. When I first moved around the corner (my first apartment in Philadelphia) I was probably here every day. It's such a cozy, funky, warm place for a GREAT cup of coffee and some absolutely bangin' breakfast/brunch food. When Green Eggs down the street had a million hour wait for me and some out of town friends, we decided to squeeze in here for brunch and it was a great decision - everyone loved it. This place will always be very dear to me!
The Breakfast Burrito is baller! scrambled eggs, cheddar, black beans, salsa, sour cream and GUACAMOLE! It could be a bit bigger for the price ($6.75) HOWEVER the quality is great and the relaxed, friendly atmosphere is worth the price. It's also a bit quieter than B2, which is nice if you need that for studying. All in all, great QUALITY food & coffee, credit cards accepted, and free WIFI, and most importantly friendly, chill and clean environment.
Definitely loved this place on first visit, with a menu that understands that not everyone wants starch and sugar as their main course. I began a diet before I moved to the area, so I am hesitant to go to restaurants. But Black & Brew passed muster and is now my go-to for daytime eating. There are enough choices for me to have a modest meal, but not regret it afterward. They have a "paleo" breakfast hash, which is a genius menu choice. 

The place is pretty small, but so far I haven't dealt with waiting or lines. You order at the register for take out or have a server bring the meal to you. The wait for table food didn't seem long. And the service was friendly and put me at ease.
Expected more from the reviews... 
Was looking forward to the breakfast burrito with guac, but it was bland and more like a wrap... Too much egg and very little of everything else: beans, salsa, cheese, and guac... Had turkey sausage added to breakfast burrito... Expensive addition and didn't make it better... 

Coffee fine... Nothing extraordinary... 

No potatoes or sides with my burrito!! 

I guess, this cafe would be good for people who live close who just want coffee... And maybe a little extra if they haven't eaten. I would say this is more of a coffee shop than restaurant or brunch place. 

Prob won't be back... 
I'm in West Philly, so it's not very close. And there are tons of brunch places and coffee shops better and closer! 
Parking wasn't bad, but suspect it would be harder to find parking past 10am... 

Would be a convenient place for locals... 
I was left pretty unsatisfied and disappointed. Bleh.
I want to like this place, but after a couple tries, I still don't.

Pros: good sized menu. The breakfast bagel sandwich I got once wasn't bad.

Cons: The coffee is bad. I've tried the drip coffee and it tastes like water. I've also tried the lattes and they taste like water with some milk in it (I wouldn't even pay the $2 happy hour price, it was so bad) . The staff, while not rude, is not friendly and none of them seem to want to be there or want your business. I have yet to see one staff member smile at a customer.
Breakfast can be this great really????? A+++++
This is my favorite go to place for brunch!! I love how they open early compared to other shops! I call ahead to pick up my food and they always have it ready! It's a 6-8 minute walk for me because I live around Passyunk Ave. Anyways their home fries are my favorite, BLT is heavenly, Coffee is always made well, they always have baked goods, and their menu options are amazing. Their staff is always happy to welcome you and take your order. Do wish they would stay open pass 5 though.  :(: overall the best.
Lady at the counter is exceedingly friendly.  Breakfast quesadilla with veggie sausage hit the spot and a drab morning.  Jazz playing over the speaker.  Great spot to watch the cars and people outside and enjoy the south philly accents.
After starting out my brunch trip to Black and Brew with a great latte, I was disappointed with the food. I opted for the vegan hash, which was less so a hash and more of a soup. It has large cubes of tofu with a veggie "chili," that was primarily potato, beans, and liquid. The guacamole on top was good, but I wish there was more of it. And though my "toast" was high quality bread, it wasn't toasted in the slightest. 

I probably won't be back from brunch, but there are a lot of wraps and sandwiches that sound pretty great on their menu and will swing by and try one out in the future.
Came to this place based off yelp reviews-- no disappointment here! The food was great, very flavorful. I had the tofu scrambler and my friend had the paleo hash...both plates were clean at the end! Coffee was not overly amazing but we were encouraged to sip as long as we wished. Not being rushed and hurried on a Sunday for breakfast is a really nice thing!! The staff was friendly as were the other customers. Looking forward to making this a more regular place to go.
TLDR: as a coffee shop this place was great but their breakfast missed the mark for me.

Met a friend here for brunch on a Sunday and the place was packed. I was excited, since this is generally a good sign. The two guys behind the counter were friendly and jovial. I got a london fog and a breakfast BLT. I asked for avocado with the BLT and was told that it comes with guacamole. I thought that was great, but was a bit surprised it wasn't listed on the chalkboard menu. It came out and I was pretty disappointed. I had seen some really tasty looking multigrain bread on other plates but my BLT was white bread (I should've asked I guess). The potatoes were not great; tasted like they'd been sitting awhile. And no guac. So I go back up and wait for him to help the customers waiting and let them know the guac was missing. He apologized, said he'd bring it right out. Cool. So I sit and I wait. And wait. And wait some more. So now my food is cold. I go back up and wait and he looks at me and says, "What can I help you with?" ...still guac. He is surprised I don't have it and turns and tells a girl to bring it out to me. Even after that it was a little bit of a wait. When she did bring it finally my food was totally cold and the guac was like that weird tasting store bought stuff that's so smooth it's like a bisque. My friend's food was also just ok. Employees are nice and I think if you're just getting coffee it's probably great, but this place didn't do it for me for brunch.
Black & Brew is a favorite corner coffee/breakfast/lunch spot with friendly waitstaff and ample weekday seating. Many of the Mexican inspired breakfast dishes rank among my go to's paired with amazing la Columbe coffee. As many of the Dr. BOB signs say Be nice or leave and I can't agree more. The couple that own it are always there and really do care about their customers and business.

As for suggestions, I've not been disappointed with anything I've ordered yet, but I normally go with the egg or tofu scrambles.
Exactly what a good coffee shop should be. Stopped in on a Saturday morning and grabbed breakfast. My partner got the standard breakfast (2 eggs potatoes and toast) while I got the paleo scramble (eggs mushrooms peppers potatoes). Food came out quickly and the staff is all very friendly. None of the pretentious attitudes you sometimes find at little cafes.
As a non-vegan who is married to a vegan, I often find myself on the hunt for a banging vegan breakfast. Decided to give Black & Brew a try on a Friday morning. The place was pretty empty, but the person behind the counter seemed super flustered. The food came out quickly enough. This place has an amazing tofu scramble. Definitely the best tofu scramble I have found in Philadelphia. It's made with hummus, which sound like it won't work but the combination is a winner. My husband's breakfast wasn't as good (the Vegan hash), but still enjoyable. Minus one star because the service wasn't very friendly.
This place was great, i'm glad we chose it over several other Passyunk options. My girlfriend and I stopped by before a busy day exploring philadelphia and it started our day off wonderfully. There was just the one woman working and only a few customers while we were there on a tuesday morning. She was very friendly and helpful when we had questions about vegetarian/vegan options, and gave helpful suggestions when asked. I had the Popeye's Burrito with a side of veggie sausage, and my gf had the vegan hash, and the food was great as was our iced decaf espresso. The portion sizes were average, just enough for our appetites at the time. Cute location and outside seating/decoration too!
I popped in here after my acupuncture appointment this afternoon across the street. I had some place to be that was a 5 minute walk, but I had 40 minutes until I had to be there. It was a nice place to come in from the cold, enjoy a hot green tea, and read on my kindle. 

Other than that, pretty meh. One vegan option in the baked goods section. No vegan options on the menu (though some vegetarian ones that I guess the cheese could be eliminated, though when I asked, the girl waiting on me was less than helpful).

I won't go out of my way to come here again, but if I'm running early to acupuncture or to someplace nearby post-acupuncture, it's a good enough place to spend some time.
The people here are really nice but I definitely just bought a latte and there was no espresso in it.  I got it to go and when I went home and tried it tasted only like milk, so I poured it out and there was zero espresso, just milk. Not cool for an almost $6 drink.  I'm sure it was an honest mistake but by the time I walked home I wasn't going to walk back.
What an adorable coffee shop. The bf and I were looking for a cute coffee shop to stop at during our morning in Philly. I searched yelp and found this place (it's very close to Termini Bros, so their location & their avg. rating were the deciding factors). I ordered their mocha latte, which was very tasty and comforting on a cold March day. My boyfriend ordered their house blend with a shot of espresso. We both enjoyed our drinks. This place is super tiny, so I imagine it would be a bit tricky to enjoy a meal here on a busy weekend with a long line for coffee going on. Having said that, it's really cute and cozy inside. The outside is beautiful- I was definitely taking a bunch of touristy photos of the beautiful tiled artwork.
What?!? Starbucks? Uhhhhh Starbucks can eat turds cause Black and Brew, or B&B, or BB, or BeeBee BooBoo is where I now go for my morning coffee. First off the service there is always great, regardless of who has served me there I always end up in a good mood cause happy people make me happy, but sweet sweet awesome coffee does too. The vanilla cappuccino is my regular staple but the Red Eye is pretty great too. If you are really in the mood for something ridonculous, yes ridonculous, try the peanut butter, chocolate, coffee, banana drink, it'll blow your pants off. 
The food here is amazing, especially considering how quickly they get it made for you. The breakfast burritos are pretty freaking sweet and a great way to start off my morning with delicious food but not having it either cook it myself or pay out the nose for it. You should probably not go eat there though cause that means my small neighborhood coffee shop would get too crowded.
Don't you hate it when you go to your neighborhood/corner coffeeshop, hungry for breakfast but they only have little danishes/muffins? Well this is your spot. I love the casual, order at the counter approach, but without losing the service and quality of a full service restaurant. The menu is pretty extensive and there are specials to make it even harder to decide. The portion sizes were very fair and the prices affordable. This is going to be our go-to spot for a quick, easy, tasty and filling breakfast in the neighborhood.
Black N Brew is a cozy breakfast/brunch cafe that has everything from bagels to BLTs to pancakes.  They also have an equally impressive coffee/latte/smoothie selection that is made to order.  The inside wall space has local artwork for sale and the outside features a huge mural made by the one and only Isaiah Zagar.  The atmosphere reminded me of a laid back California eatery.  I opted for the vegan tofu scramble with a side of potatoes.  It came out quickly and was really tasty.  My only complaint would be that they gave me buttered toast to go with my vegan dish, but they remedied their mistake as soon as it was brought to their attention.  It seems like there's something for everyone here and it's definitely worth the trip.  If you can't find street parking, the Acme is right up the street.
I am VERY happy I stumbled into this place.  From the outside it's a bit  impenetrable, it doesn't t look like there's a whole lot going on inside...but once you get in there, it's a great little cafe with wi-fi, loads of breakfast and coffee options and sandwiches and paninis too. I dug the little tables with photos between the plexiglass-- it gave it a clean, artistic feel--not schlocky like some other coffee shops.  They had a lot of photos displayed, but it didn't look like a show of one artist's work, which I would like to see in the space.

I got the breakfast burrito sans dairy, which was perfect.  Fresh ingredients, tasty guac and freshly scrambled eggs (not microwaved like some coffee shops tend to do).  They also had interesting specials like pea and onion scrambled eggs and country tomato soup.  I think I'm going to try everything at some point.  The staff were friendly and very helpful when the wi-fi was initially not working.
This is a cool little coffee shop near Passyunk Ave. that I decided to try after walking around a car show. The place was busy, but the barista took my order quick. The Hazelnut Americano was good for something sweet and I got my bagel quick, even though it was packed. I really like it there and will probably come back for some more caffeinated beverages.
Ten minutes for a toasted bagel with cream cheese?!? Nobody was ahead of me in line. When I asked the employee why it took so long, he shrugged and said there were a lot of grubhub orders in the back. Truly unacceptable.
I have visited here twice in the past two weeks and thought that it deserved five stars for each visit.  The food was great, I had the breakfast burrito and the veggie burger wrap.  My daughter had a whole wheat everything bagel, which was so good.  I will definitely be going back!
Unfortunately, I didn't eat breakfast here (you can blame Frangelli's donuts for that one, but no apologies), but I did stop in to grab some late morning Joe while heading up E Passyunk Ave. It wasn't too busy initially, but more and more people started coming in and filling up the rather small space as I sat there and sipped my Pumpkin latte. Yes, I said Pumpkin...in the spring...I know, right? Of course, there were plenty of other attractive flavors and blends, so I wouldn't mind popping in here again the next time I'm in the area.
I went in here finally after walking past it a few times. I don't live far from here and wanted to check the place out. I walked in and was greeted almost immediately by the gentlemen behind the counter. 

He asked if I would like anything and asked for a cup of coffee, we conversed for a few minutes and sat down and drank my coffee. The interior of the place is small but has enough seats and tables for a good amount of customers. 

They sell wraps, sandwiches and a few other things as well. They even had free refills on coffee which was great. I ordered the bbq chicken wrap with a salad and enjoyed it, it was worth the price and didn't feel sick afterwards. I look forward to going back again, even just to relax for a little while.
Go Back to Starbucks Vicki M - Black and Brew is great!  The girls who work here are fantastic.  Food is great for bfast and lunch and this place is just overall good for the neighborhood.  Coffee is La Colombe and it is fine.

John B
My girlfriend and I came here looking for a quick and tasty weekend brunch. The menu looked enticing with lots of options, but we finally decided on the paleo hash and the tofu scramble. My girlfriend requested fruit instead of potatoes with the tofu scramble, and I ordered the black and white (draft latte and cold brew) to drink. We didn't have to wait too long for our food, but when it came out, my girlfriend's plate had potatoes, and there was no fruit in sight (unless you count the completely out of place watermelon nub "garnish"). By the time they were able to correct that mistake, the rest of her food came back out of the kitchen cold. Besides that, the scramble dish was pretty good overall, although the fruit wasn't very fresh. The paleo hash, on the other hand, was quite bad. The eggs were fine but nothing special. The rest of the hash was absolute mush. The breakfast potatoes were soggy and over cooked, and their flavour didn't mix well with the salsa. The prices were also quite steep for the quality and quantity of food. The best part of the meal was the coffee, which is from La Colombe. Overall, this place was pretty disappointing.
I came here on a Sunday, looking for a cafe with wifi and bathroom to do work in. My favorite Rival Bros next door was crowded, so I come here for the first time to try my luck. It was around lunch time, so the place was crowded with people eating, interspersed with a few others who were in their laptop. The first thing I noticed when I stepped in is how crowded everything was. The front is crammed full of small tables and there were barely any room to walk at all. Each table is tiny and definitely challenging to fit more than a plate and a cup of coffee. It's also very loud, which was to be expected when there are so many people, but even in the afternoon when the lunch-time crowd had left, there was still the loud music being blasted here. While I had a decent amount of work done and the wifi was reliable, it wasn't a super pleasant experience by any means, between maneuvering my coffee and laptop on such a tiny table to try to hear myself think over the loud conversations, I think I would give this place a pass the next time I want to work at a cafe.
On another note, their breakfast and lunch menu looked quite comprehensive, so maybe come here if you just want food. I can't comment on how good the food is as I only had the drinks here.
My experience with breakfast here has been mediocre. But let me say...the lunch is great! 
I have been coming consistently for the past few weeks to work. There is always a seat, there is always A/C, and the servers/baristas are the sweetest. 
The lunch food is perfect. They have a whole board of sandwiches and salads, but I always go for the light special options. 
The hummus plate is fantastic, with a special hummus each week. The farmer's plate hit the spot today, with chicken, tomato, mozzarella and basil, and fruit. 

The bathrooms are clean and the coffee is bottomless...pretty perfect. Also, they are always playing the best music!
I highly recommend Black n Brew for weekday lunch time!
