We never got a chance to try the sushi because the sushi chef was too busy picking his nose. Really, he was just going to town. I posted a picture of him right as he pulled his finger out. We called over the manager to tell him what happened and the manager said hold on and went over to talk to him. When the manager returned he told this that he asked the chef to change gloves, and that everything was okay. We proceeded to have a very unproductive conversation with the manager on why this wasn't okay. The manager didn't even see a problem with the sushi chef not washing his hands. Suffice it to say we cancelled our order and left.
We ordered delivery from Bleu Sushi on a Monday when we were feeling too spent from our respective days to actually cook dinner. I was quite impressed by the quality of the food and presentation. The rolls were on the large side and I enjoyed my California roll and tuna avocado roll. The portion of edamame was also generous. My husband really liked his fancy roll and though I didn't try it myself, I thought the presentation was much nicer looking than some of the exotic rolls I've ordered from other spots. 

I really liked that there were lots of soy sauce packets, and that the ginger and wasabi came in cups on the side. I would like more wasabi included, however - there definitely was not enough in my opinion. Nonetheless, solid delivery option and I'd likely order from them again.
Sunday afternoon in Philadelphia! I had just finished my meeting and my son asked to go to get sushi in Philadelphia. I thought it was strange, but I asked what he wanted. I assumed it would be a cheesesteak or pizza. Now you know what assumptions get you! 
I went to my Jewelry Guy first and he recommended this spot that isn't far from jewelers row. It was actually amazing and I will definitely be back.
I almost literally never get take out because I like the experience of going out to eat almost as much as the food, but covid times have forced me to get take out every once in a while when I run out of food during one of my quarantines. I've gotten take out sushi from a few places, but I think Bleu has been the best. Their rolls are bigger than most other restaurants and taste fresh.

I also want to note that whenever I go there, the manager (I'm assuming) is always smiling and being extremely friendly to all of his customers. I went to pick up my food, and he was wiping down tables outside (which were 6 ft apart unlike a lot of restaurants). I told him my name, and he enthusiastically went inside and put my order on their robot arm they have delivering orders to waiting customers. The arm puts it directly into a table right outside the window. Pretty cool. Props, Bleu!
I'm shocked by all these great reviews because I had some of the worst and most awkward service I've ever had here,  and the food definitely wasn't good enough to warrant a return.  

I saw this place on groupon and saw it had good reviews so decided to try it out on a Sunday night (they're on opentable too, which is nice). I walked in and there wasn't really a hostess stand or anyone who noticed me, so I stood around awkwardly by where the sushi is made (kind of in the middle of the restaurant) for a while until someone finally sat me. The place wasn't too crowded but we were never checked on for important things like,  "I see your water's been empty for a while now so much that you started drinking your friend's and now that one's been empty for a while too, would you like a refill?" or "yea,  I know that last roll or appetizer hasn't come out yet, but you've gotten all your other food here's why," or "oh did you want the bill within 30 minutes of finishing eating?" or "hey, I know I gave you your bill forever ago and you've had your credit card out for 20 minutes, let me take that." Things we did get comments about "Oh, you guys ate that really fast," "oh you want more of the spicy mayo, you really like that don't you?" Um...thanks dude. We finally ended up just leaving cash because they took so long to take our card that it was getting ridiculous.

As for the food, the red snapper cucumber appetizer was definitely a highlight (although it wasn't spicy as expected from the jalapeno sauce), but it was all downhill from there. The tempura was really overbattered and not the usual fluffy tempura I'm used to getting, especially on the shrimp-that didn't even feel like tempura so much as breadcrumbs. The spicy trio- salmon, tuna, and yellowtail were indistinguishable from each other and kind of small, nothing to see here. The 10 Street Roll (which took forever to come out) was pretty gross. It was deep fried (which is why it took so long to come out, this was explained after we'd basically finished everything else). I've had deep fried rolls before where the roll is slightly battered, crunchy, and veggies and fish inside are still raw and flavorful. Not sure if they dropped this guy into the fryer and forgot about him, but all the fish in the roll was completely cooked  and tasted maybe a touch above canned tuna, then was slathered in sauce. The only reason we ate it was because we were waiting so long for our bill that we forgot how bad it was in that time and gave it another try. Nope.

Can't recommend this place. Sorry.
Ordered Bleu Sushi through GrubHub right after their opening for lunch today and was not super impressed with them. 

Everything we asked for was accounted for -- two lunch special combos, mine with the Alaska Roll and Chicago Roll, and the Eagles Roll -- but all of it was fairly subpar. None of it packed a huge flavor. It's not that it was bad; it just wasn't super enjoyable. 

Weirdly enough, the quality of their chopsticks are poor, they keep splintering even after rubbing them together. Also the ginger salad that came with the sushi had an odd bitter tang to it. 

One thing I will say is that the man on the phone that I spoke to said they don't have any peanuts in their establishment, which was good allergy-wise for me and my boyfriend. However, when I spoke to the man on the phone, he started by saying, "I think you should be fine," which is not a reassuring thing to hear when you're asking about a fatal peanut allergy which I had made clear lol.  

Overall, it was just an okay experience.
Probably the worst customer service I've ever experienced while tying to reserve a table.
Emailed to schedule a reservation since you aren't allowed to make them using open table when you are using a groupon.
I was advised there were no open tables only a 5:30 or 9:30.
Just to humor myself I checked open table at least 12 different time slots available. After bringing this to the attention of the reservationist it was clear they were annoyed that I checked and say there were in fact open tables I was told sorry .i could see this establishment only allotting  a certain # of tables if the groupon was a prefix or if there was a particular menu to be ordered from. To turn away business when you clearly needed ( why else would you be on groupon) seems like a really bad business plan. 
I won't ever dine here and would advise anyone looking for better customer service and from what I've read on yelp about the food to head to fat salmon.
I've emailed groupon requesting a refund. I'll spend my money somewhere else
I believe I'm a versatile foodie. 
I like to mix it up: Pizza. Burger. Sushi. I even tried Ossobuco.
That's great, right?! What's greater is when you enjoy your date night in class and charm. 

Enter Bleu Sushi: Romantic ambiance (intimate black & royal blue), for low-key night (BYOB), and high-quality bites (simple, elegant & fresh).
Table for one? No problem. Sometimes, it's nice to be a solo dinner, other times it is just flat out intimidating. I went to Bleu Sushi alone, and I can say, it was not overwhelming at all.

Everyone (and I mean everyone) will find something to eat at Bleu Sushi, and here's my picks:  Some things to consider if sushi not your thing:
- Chicken Yakitori: This grilled chicken teriyaki skewers will take you to paradise.
- Korean-style Kimchee Fries:  Skip it! 
- Chicken Teriyaki: Once you try it, you'll know why I'm kinda obsessed with it. I mean a little Teriyaki goes a long way. 
- Green tea ice cream. Who knew the Green tea would taste so grassy- in a delicious way.
-       Ramune: Refreshing, fizzy, and fun Japanese soda, seriously worth a try, at least once.

Put down your remote and order delivery. Better yet, Pause your Netflix, and make some memories at Bleu Sushi. Don't forget to take advantage of their daily lunch specials. 

Four solid Yelps.
We must have hit a bad night at this place tonite. Partner and I ordered the usual edamame and an assortment of rolls. The edamame was simply covered with salt. When we tasted the rolls, they appeared to be salty as well. Not sure what was going on in the kitchen, but the meal was saltier than the saltiest soy sauce I've ever tasted. Seating is in a row of tables for two with about 12 inches between tables. If you are portly, sit in the chair, not the wall bench. If you are both portly, forgetaboutit. Not much room on the table for dinner.
Now for another glass of ice water...
I find it disappointing that the owner of Bleu Sushi has so transparently purchased positive reviews. Let's consider the evidence:
1) 4 Months ago there were nearly zero reviews for the place. Now, 150+?
2) Their sushi is average at best. In the 5th most populous city in the country, that this average sushi place would be rated 4.5/5 stars, among the likes of amazing restaurants like Zama, Doma, and Umai Umai is laughable and makes it clear that this is fabricated.
3) The service is horrible. The owner often sits up front browsing the internet while his untrained waitstaff (family?) mess about and or make major mistakes in orders.
4) They often run lunch specials or free appetizers for local students/doctors but try to charge or won't give it unless odd stipulations are met.

Overall I'm really disappointed that they clearly went this route to drum up business instead of improving the quality of their food.

I seriously recommend you look elsewhere for sushi/Japanese food!
Ugh- this review might piss people off.  I came here after a friend recommended it and was super stoked to try it out.  I even read reviews before arriving (in true Yelper form) and was even more thrilled about my reservation because of the 4 and 5 star write ups.  My experience was not pleasant.  Not even close.  The service was bad and the food was mediocre at best.  

Reservations were for a Friday night.  With wine in tow, I arrived, opened the door and was immediately standing over someone's entree.  Cool. As my date and I stood there waiting to be seated I felt like I was in some weird basement sushi frat party. Tightly packed with zero elbow room.  Dimly lit with weird purple/blue lighting but not dark enough that I didn't notice the metal folding chairs at the tables. What? Metal folding chairs? Is this a 4th of July picnic at weird Aunt Nancy's crib in Northeast Philly? 

Once we were seated and I was finished judging the interior, I decided to put it all behind me and focus on the food -which, I had plenty of time to do since our order wasn't taken for about 20+ minutes.  Finally, once we got some attention, we decided going sharesies with a few regular rolls and two specialty rolls: the Temple Roll and Ten Street roll.  The Temple had spicy yellowtail, tempura flakes wrapped in black peppered seared white tuna with some sweet sauce. It was good but nothing exceptional- and, sadly, it was the better of the two special rolls we ordered.  

Wait, TWO special rolls? Yes. This is the conversation I had to have with the waitress since only one was brought out.  Once the order was finally corrected our Ten Street roll arrived and it looked unappetizing.  On the menu its described as deep fried tuna, salmon, yellowtail and white fish, finished with unagi sauce, massgo, scallion and spicy mayo.  Should be described as: gross.  It was overcooked and I could definitely taste the old (and probably unchanged) oil from their fryer.   I normally stay far away from cooked maki rolls but I've had some pretty stellar deep fried rolls in my time and this one didn't even come close.  It was foul.  Aside from being burnt and small, it tasted like Bumblebee canned tuna and was smothered in sauces. Needless to say, after waiting 30 minutes for it after we placed our original order- I was peeved. 

During our dinner service was inattentive. Maybe it was because the restaurant was busy or perhaps they were all in the back putting out what smelled like a small grease fire for the last 15 minutes of our meal complete with smoke that started to make its way into the dining room. More burnt Ten Street canned Bumblebee tuna rolls for everyone?
This place (bleu) me away with their quality sushi, affordable price, and excellent service! 

Orange lover (5/5)- perfect for all those salmon lovers! It comes with 6 salmon sushi & 1 spicy salmon roll (8 pieces). The roll was pretty standard, but I was really impressed with how fresh the salmon sushi was. So soft and buttery - it definitely left me in awe. The sushi pieces are a good size as the entire entree left me full and satisfied. For only $19.95 (pre-tax), it's quite a steal!

Since I came in to dine alone, I requested to sit at the bar. It has its perks since the sushi chef gave me a free sample! It had salmon, avocado, and fish roe - not sure what it was called, but it was delicious and aesthetic as well! S/o to the owner of the restaurant who genuinely cares about his customers. I had a wonderful chat with him and he would check up on me multiple times to make sure that I was having a good experience. I absolutely love when servers go above and beyond for their customers, and this place certainly has that down. 

Walked in with no expectations and simply a desire to eat sushi, but left with a wholesome experience. Undoubtedly one of my favorite restaurants in Philly!
Well I came here with high hopes and unfortunately it did not measure up to expectations. We walked into the sparsely decorated restaurant and we met at the table with views of folding chairs substituting for the regular upholstery.

I'm not sure if the restaurant was going under renovation or what but half of the restaurant had the regular chairs and half had the folding chairs. 

We sat down and were brought some burnt tea which was barely tolerable to say the least. 

I ran out of Coke about halfway through my meal and sat there sipping  on ice and never got a refill. 

I will say my rolls were at least tolerable I got the shrimp tempura in the Philadelphia roll both of which were okay but nothing to write home about.

My girl got the spicy three rolls which were indistinguishable they look like they had been put in the food processor for too long and scooped out and plopped into rolls.

I was not even able to distinguish which rolls were which.

Also my girl asked for a box at the end of the meal and was not brought it for her remaining rolls so we just paid the check and left.

Service was terrible we were brought our food and we're only checked on maybe once or twice throughout the remainder of the meal the only redeeming quality was the price-- lunch for two came to around 30.
I really appreciate that they have tons of vegetarian and vegan food options on the menu. They even have a plant  sign next to those dishes so it's easy to find. 

The kimchee fries are so good! Various veggie rolls (the Lombard was our fave), tempura, side dishes and more.
#1 sushi place in the city. 

This is our main date night spot!!! Not only is it super romantic but the food is incredible.

Their sushi rolls are 8 pieces, cut small, so you don't have to shove an enormous piece of sushi in your mouth on a date! The fish is extremely fresh and great quality. I have NEVER gotten food here that I wasn't obsessed with.

We drive 30 minutes to come here for dinner. Even on a weeknight. Please come here. Do yourself a favor, or do your wife or girlfriend a favor. Please try it.

The atmosphere is sexy and very city-sexy. Comfortable but still classy. The wait staff is very accommodating and polite. 

I highly recommend this place! Even my steak and potatoes husband loves it...and that's saying a lot haha
My fiancé and I went here the Thursday before Valentine's Day weekend. We were sat near the door, and I asked the owner to be seated somewhere else since it was about 2 degrees outside. The owner told me that there was no other seats available, as he was clearing out another table. Granted, I had made a reservation. Then I asked again and he gave me another table. 

10 minutes later, we got the menu. 20 minutes later, we finally flagged down a waiter to take our order. The dumplings came out cold. I asked for spicy mayo, never got it. 

They're lucky I even tipped. Never ever going back and told all my friends not to.
We bought a groupon for this place to try it out. Service was great and food came out in a timely manner. We ordered kimchi fries to start. It was pretty tasty, but I was missing the kimchi cabbage component as it was rather scarce on the dish. The sushi sashimi boat came with a variety of fish. My personal favorite was the torched white tuna with sauce and garlic pieces. Fish quality was pretty good and reasonably priced. They offer some affordable lunch specials I'll be sure to come in for in the future. The mochi ice cream was also good. The mango flavor is a must if you're thinking about getting dessert.
Great for a date night. Cozy restaurant, dim lighting, modern decor. Though this is a smaller restaurant,  I went with a group of 7 and the server was very accommodating. I always love ordering salads with ginger dressing at sushi places, and this restaurant had a delicious ginger dressing. I stuck with my old standby- tuna/avocado roll, and was not disappointed either. The sushi was fresh and the complimentary ice cream to end the meal was a nice touch. The only negative is that to access the bathroom, you need to walk through part of the kitchen. The pricing is affordable and I'll definitely be returning.
I would not go here again even if it was free.

The service is terrible here in so many ways:
1. the owner tends to lean in really close to me and invading my own personal space
2. the waitress snapped at us for putting plates on the plastic menu ... what happened to being nice to customers
3. the waiter and waitress took my credit card and never came back with it. After waiting for a while I asked for it and they totally forgot to return it after charging it.
4. food takes forever here.

Now the food, overall one star:
1. seafood is not fresh thats why the seaweed salad was so fishy and gross
2. the rolls are drenched in sauces so you can't taste how unfresh the ingredients are
3. overall, the food was below average
Ordered from Caviar, I believe, based on Philly Mag's recommendation for good sushi places. And will not make that mistake again. 

1. Ordered our typical: spicy tuna, philadelphia, california rolls. And another roll that had tempura shrimp in it. Plus shu mai and fried pot stickers. Sushi did NOT taste fresh. At all. Ended up throwing half of it out. Also, received a tiny amount of wasabi and ginger - def. not enough for 2 people. 

2. Cost. $57 for 4 rolls and two appetizers? (Yes, we always tip well, but this was crazy.) There are cheaper, better sushi places out there.
This place was not good, I should probably go one star but I shan't this time. It came over an hour late and in general the sushi was flat, the teriyaki chicken was McDonald's quality (I'm sorry McDonald's, I do love you but comparison is too apt to pass up) and the miso soup just wasn't really miso-ey. We also asked for extra tofu and seaweed and didn't notice any extra. 

If people like it that's fine for them but I'm never patroning the business again. 

Your friend,
JB
This place is very dark, and very blue. It's fitting, and lives up to its name. The sushi is solid. The rice is a good temperature, and the quality of fish is excellent. Roll combinations make sense, and their signature Bleu roll with furikake and avocado is delicious. Great service.

Plates here are a little weird and over-the-top. The one that stuck out the most was the bowl that they use to serve miso soup. You're eating out of a bowl that is abnormally high and makes you feel like you're playing Battleship with the person in front of you.
Place was ok. Management was over bearing. The manager gave us 3 free items and reminded us to review on Yelp. *To the tune of choices by E 40* 
Been to this place 
Yup. 
Wanna go back
Nope.
I love this place!  My husband and I went there for our anniversary dinner because: 1) We love sushi; 2) We had a groupon for $40 worth of food for $22; 3) It's a BYO!  The food was great, we both had sushi dinners with miso soup for me and salad for my husband.  We added on a specialty roll.  The service was also really good and the best part was that the owner, Hendra, introduced himself and checked in on us.  We enjoyed talking with him as much as the rest of the dining experience.  Our bill was a ridiculous $14.57 and we were satiated.  We are definitely coming back with friends.
BYOBing at Bleu with my sister surpassed my expectations beyond words. We walked in with 2 cans and two bottles of beer and Hendra- the owner, came over, greeted and introduced himself. This man is the epitome of service and we were ever so humbled. 

Korean Wings: 5 per order- plump and swimming in sweet sauce and bursting with juicy flavors. I can easily eat 10 of these.

Rolls are big, loaded and generous! We got the Washington, Temple, Rittenhouse and good ol Alaska! Just the right amount of food for the two of us. Looking forward to trying more appetizers and sashimi next time! The peppered tuna on the Temple has such great smoky flavors!

Great to have such a kickass sushi place in this hood!
Our dining experience at Bleu sushi was excellent! The servers were very friendly and attentive and the food was amazing! I will 100% be bringing people back here.
Immediately after I placed my online order, my phone rang and a pleasant employee let me know that the Spicy Tuna Roll had masago (roe) already combined into the mix and offered to replace the order with a Tuna Roll with spicy mayo in order to avoid the masago as I had requested. Yelp's Eat24 service delivered the food just 30 minutes after I ordered at 6:15pm on a Tuesday - delightful since we always procrastinate until we're starving to place an order. All the fish was fresh, but I was particularly impressed by the White Tuna Sashimi, which was also a nice portion of fish. Bleu Sushi will definitely stay in my sushi rotation, especially for deliveries.
It was decent when I ate here last summer so I decided to order via doordash to satisfy my sushi craving at work during this COVID19 lockdown. However, I was extremely disappointed when the food arrived. I paid $25 for one specialty roll and one regular roll that were 1/2 the size of what they should have been! It may not be noticeably obvious from the photo but these were pretty much mini bite sized sushi rolls, especially the regular rolls! To put it into perspective, this was a SMALL sushi take out box (and there was still room left in it). The fish was not fresh at all because they were very tough and chewy. I should have ordered from McDonald's instead, at least I know the size of the fish filet sandwich wouldn't shrink in size. Unfortunately I will never be eating or ordering from here again.
Came here on a Sunday for dinner with my girlfriend.  We sat outside.  They had about four other tables that were also occupied.  The owner and wait staff were incredibly nice!  A mom-and-pop kind of place! 

We both ordered the three roll special with either soup or salad.
It was hands down the best sushi I ever had.  The rolls were nice size and everything was so fresh.

While we were eating dinner, there must have been about 15 take out orders being picked up.

Everything was amazing!

Can't wait to go back again!
So, this place is cute. It's tiny, somewhat trendy with an average menu. The reason why this place has three stars is because I felt that the customer service was extremely lacking. 

After coming in, the hostess attempted to sit us in a really tiny side seat and we requested a different spot. The hostess then informs us that this isn't a place where you can just sit anywhere. With at least 6 other open paired tables, I just don't see why not. They finally allowed us to switch. Then came the point where I was asked by 3 different employees my name and if I made a reservation. I mean, I'm not sure why this was such a big deal. There were 3 other groups of 2-3 people (1 group leaving) so it was not crowded by any means. Since I sat closer towards the door, I noticed how pushy they were with making sure you had reservations. Is that to say that you turn away walk-ins? Either way, I didn't care for the attitudes of the staff especially because in the 1.5 hrs I spent there all of the people that came in would not even filled half the restaurant. It seemed like a very minor detail to pay that much attention to. 

As far as the food goes, it's sushi. Their specialty rolls aren't as intricate as a lot of places I've been to and I noticed that in very common rolls they exchanged avocado got lettuce or nothing at all. Very strange. The rolls I ordered were fresh, but seemed very dry. One nice thing I can say is that the kimchee fries were really awesome. I wasn't sure I wanted to try them, but they were the only thing I felt was really special enough to return. 

All in all, it was a groupon deal so I never really expect much. As it turns out the place is BYOB (which is a plus) but we did not see it listed anywhere on the website/groupon to know beforehand. Still, I wasn't pleased with the general service and menu options. Conclusion being that any restaurant that is only surviving by offering groupon deals likely isn't worth going to. If they were good, they probably wouldn't have to continuously offer themselves on groupon. If I didn't have a discount, I would not be willing to pay full price here.
I found this place through a Groupon deal, and I'm so glad to have stumbled upon it!

When we came here for dinner on a weekday, we were immediately welcomed by the friendly host and manager. As we were promptly seated, I admired the decor around me; the interior is modern, somewhat sleek (with blue hues in the dim lighting), clean, and stylish. 

We ordered the Sushi Sashimi Bleu (comes with chef choice of an assortment of sushi, sashimi, and a roll) and the Chestnut Signature Roll. Everything was wonderfully delicious and fresh, even the ginger tasted more crisp and flavorful than other comparable sushi places I've been to around the city! Cost-wise, it's not too steep either, and especially as I checked out their lunch menu, I made a mental note to come back again for those deals. In fact, not to sound too creepy or anything, but I noticed that the table next to us had apparently ordered the shrimp and scallop teriyaki on a sizzling plate that looked/smelled so mouthwatering that I want to come back to try that too. 

I was actually really full at the end of our meal, but we still chose to order the green tea fried ice cream (because I have an insatiable sweet tooth). It was seriously so good that it was totally worth subjecting my stomach to pain (from fullness). 

Also, the servers were really attentive and cordial throughout the whole meal. All in all, it was a great experience!
I have no idea how this place has 4.5 stars. The sushi here is the definition of Yelp's two star "Meh. I've experienced better." There are much better sushi places in Philadelphia. The owner is really sweet, but the service itself is terrible. Maybe it's because of the layout of the place. It's long and narrow so perhaps it's hard to check in on customers so they congregate in the back loitering. The place itself was so dimly lit that I wasn't sure if I was in a restaurant or an Abercrombie store. It also has this weird purplish glow that was not working for me.
Bleu Sushi has redeemed itself in my eyes! I had a not so great experience a few years ago and decided to give them another shot after friends have raved about their sushi. They did not disappoint! I ordered delivery via Caviar and opted for the three roll special - spicy salmon, yellowtail and Orlando rolls. All were incredibly fresh, tasted great and had the perfect sushi to rice ratio (sushi lovers will know how important this is!) The miso soup was still warm and had the perfect flavor. I will absolutely be ordering again and possibly going in person to explore the rest of the menu!
People on here are giving a misrepresentation of this restaurant.  I've not only been to MANY sushi places in Philadelphia but this place is by far the worst.  We tried this place a second time, after a miserable experience the first time.  We tried a variety of items on both occasions and I think mall sushi that sat out for days is more edible then this place.  Also, the sushi is miniature.  How is it rated 4.5/5?  Fake reviews? People must be drinking WAY too much wine before eating here.  BEWARE!!!!!! Try Crazy or Fuji if you want real good tasting sushi.
I dined here with a group of 7 on a Friday night. We had reservations at 7:45 but arrived around 7:15 hoping to be seated early. The restaurant was pretty empty and they were able to get us seated right away. 

We didn't realize that it was BYO and joked with the server about how much we wanted sake. After we ordered, someone in our party ran out to pick up beer down the street. We were completely content with our beer but then our server surprised us with a round of free sake shots! 

I cannot say enough about how great the service was. We were a pretty loud and obnoxious bunch but the team was extremely friendly and accommodating and treated us like friends. 

The food was also on par. We shared the dumplings and chicken wings to start. Everyone enjoyed their respective sushi rolls, and we all topped off the meal with red bean ice cream!

Overall I highly recommend giving it a try next time you're craving sushi in the city! It will not disappoint! 

Tip: They offer a Groupon but it is only good Sun-Thurs.
I really liked my experience at Bleu Sushi. I had a reservation and my table wasn't available right away so we were served edamame on the house. This told me right away that they care about pleasing their customers. We ordered the sushi platter for two and were not disappointed. The fish was so fresh. It was perfect. I will be dreaming about those tuna bites tonight. The place is cool and intimate and the service was great. Even the owner came around to talk to us personally and we had nothing but good to say. And thanks for that complimentary green tea ice cream. A night well spent. PS...Don't forget your bottle, because this sweet spot is a BYOB.
If you follow me, you know I only review places where I disagree with the current consensus. Bleu Sushi with a 4.5 star is a big surprise. I was so hyped to try this place, but found it very average. Nothing special to report and a little overpriced.

I didn't like that they wouldn't give tap water (thought that was a basic requirement?), forcing us to buy their Voss water.
With so many options for sushi in Center City, it's pretty difficult yet important to set yourself apart from all the rest. At the choosing of a friend, I came here on a Sunday afternoon with a group of 18 to celebrate a mutual friend's birthday. First, the place is small so the fact that they could accommodate such a large party was a feat itself. 

Second, the menu was complete with the usual array of specialty rolls, tempura, teriyaki, appetizers and regular hand rolls. The perks of being with such a large group is that you can share and try a bunch of different things so I had everything from the pork gyoza to the chirashi to a couple of the specialty rolls to the salmon teriyaki. Everything was fresh, delicious and well plated. 

The flip side to dining out with such a large group is that you trust that the server will keep everyone's order straight and know who ordered what so that things can move a lot smoother. That wasn't the case but we worked through it. I would like to come back either alone or on a date and experience a more personally attentive time. Solid sushi overall.
I have not been back to eat in the restaurant but I have to update my review based on my less than stellar delivery I have experienced lately with this restaurant. With so many sushi places in Philly, I do not recommend ordering from this one.

First off, be careful if ordering through their website. The prices are not up to date. Despite ordering and paying through the website, when I received my deliver the receipt was for almost $8 more. Just an FYI, they have raised their prices. 

Now to the sushi, it has been very blah the last few times I have ordered. To the point I was unable decipher what was salmon vs tuna. Seemed to be poor quality fish. The rolls fall apart very easily and are very small for the price.
My first visit to Philadelphia came along with a craving for some good sushi. After a long day of doing typical center-city Philly touring, I finally got my boyfriend to agree to try sushi for the first time. He is the pickiest of picky eaters (both by personal preference and because of allergies), so I knew I needed to pick a really good place. Trusting my always faithful Yelp! app, I found Bleu. Granted, it wasn't my first choice (the place I wanted to go to had a gap between lunch and dinner), but it was held in high regards. Fellow Yelpers seemed to rave about this place, so I thought it was worth a try considering the circumstances. 

We walked here from the Independence Hall Center, and it took us about 15 minutes. The outside of the building isn't too much to rave about, considering we almost missed it. It is, however a blue door, with blue-framed windows and small sign that reads Bleu. Go figure. We walked in to a completely empty restaurant. Its a really small place, pretty much just a strip of booths and a center walkway with the actual sushi making station at the back. We were asked if we had a reservation, which seemed odd because the place was completely empty with the exception of the staff. We informed the server wearing Nike sweatpants and a blue t-shirt that we did not, but we were seated immediately anyway. 

I was quite confused throughout the entire meal service. You have a very trendy, upscale looking restaurant that lives up to the name of Bleu (because literally everything inside is a blue color), yet you have servers and employees that are half dressed in sweatpants and a t-shirt yet the other half wearing slacks and a black button down shirt? I didn't know if we were underdressed or just fitting in? Ok.. 

Anyhow, we took a look at the menu, and their prices are typical of sushi joints of the same caliber. Please keep in mind that sodas are served by the can! Prices are around $5-$6 for regular rolls, $4-$5 for nigiri, and $10-$15 for specialty rolls. Being the picky eater he is, my boyfriend ordered the teriyaki chicken ($13) as a fallback and I decided for us to share the Rittenhouse roll, the traditional Philly roll (when in Rome), and the Ten Street roll. 

The Philly roll was the most unedible of them all. It was mainly just mealy and mushy cucumber wrapped into a roll with a teeny bit of salmon and cream cheese. The cucumber was unpleasantly overbearing and left a funny taste in your mouth. Unfortunately, it was the first item my boyfriend tasted, and it made him weary to try anything else. I convinced him to try the rest. The Rittenhouse Square roll was okay at best. It would have been much better if the sprinkling of herbs/seasoning on top was omitted from the recipe. It was honestly a clash of flavors and made the roll taste awkward and out of place. The Town roll was the one that we both enjoyed the most out of the three. Don't be fooled. Just because we liked it the most out of the three doesn't mean it was actually good. It was the most edible. It seemed just like Albacore tuna from a can was dried out, put into a roll and deep fried. Slap some spicy mayo on top and you've just made yourself the Town roll. It was very crunchy, even for a deep-fried roll (almost like the consistency of a Dorito), and was difficult to chew. 

Service was nearly nonexistent. The only time they really came to check on us was once when my water glass was refilled. At the end of the meal service they brought us two complimentary ice cream samples. They were about the size of a tablespoon each and were a vanilla/peanut butter mixture- very odd for a sushi place to be offering peanut butter ice cream after a meal service? 

Anyhow, the bill came out to around $51 dollars, and after tip it it was close to around $65. In my personal opinion, this is a very hefty price to pay for sub-par sushi and non existent service. Lesson learned I guess. I'm almost embarrassed that I brought my boyfriend there for his first sushi experience, because it was that un-enjoyable. I'm from the Phoenix, AZ area where sushi is known to be less than favorable, and I have had better from some places in my neighborhood.
I been here couple of times mainly because of location and was okay once but two of the times I used a groupon... was told that I needed to make a reservation in order to use it... which was a bit strange since I have never seen this place full.  But they are very strict on this to a point that it they seem to note it which automatically makes me suspicious considering that this is a tiny neighborhood spot.  So the two times, we did make a reservation so we can use the groupon, the sushi was definitely different.  Like they serve you smaller sashimi when they know that you will use groupon.  WTF.  The second time, my wife said it was kinda funny when she ate it and had a stomach ache all night and she is a big time sushi lover.  Never again.
I'm all about Groupons (especially when they're a gift - shout out to my Mom), but sometimes Groupon does me dirty. In the case of Bleu Sushi, Groupon did me dirty. I wanted to use the Groupon before the expiration date, and now I kind of wish I hadn't used it at all (and for me to say that is a big deal). 

I came here for a middle of the week dinner with a friend, both of us stoked for sushi - I love sushi but rarely eat it, so using this Groupon was a nice excuse to chow down on some sush. We were seated at a small table amid the crowded restaurant (boy, do they pack people in there) and proceeded to browse the menu (holding the menu, I accidentally elbowed the woman at the table next to me - that's how tightly we were packed). We started with the kimchee fries (based on numerous Yelp reviews), and as a lover of both kimchi and french fries I cannot understand why these are so highly recommended - the flavors do not mesh and it looks like a pile of sloppy mess. For the entrees we split the Sushi Bleu and the Yaki Soba noodles - neither dish was appetizing, and we actually ended up leaving three pieces of sushi and nearly half off the noodles behind because they were, in a word, terrible (noodles were too salty and the sushi had a rubbery texture that made me wonder how this would affect my GI tract). I must also note that at one point both of us ran out of water, and it took nearly 8 min (yes, I kept track) to get our glasses refilled. When we had 'finished' our food, the owner cleared our plates and didn't bother to ask how the food was or if we would like dessert. All around us (I counted five tables), the owner came over after the entrees were cleared and dropped off dessert on the house (which I had also read about on Yelp), but as soon as he saw my Groupon he shifted his eyes and brought us the bill (literally making us the only table around without dessert). After another wait to pay (can you sense I was pining to get out of there?), we were brought our change with nary a thank you from the owner.

I swear by Yelp, and have read great reviews for this place (even for people using Groupon), but I must say that this was the worst dining experience I have ever had in Philadelphia, and I would certainly not recommend purchasing a Groupon or coming to dine here (but seriously, if you are going to eat here, at least buy the Groupon so that you are not paying full price).
The service is incredibly friendly and appreciative of their customers. I ordered the miso soup which was good and the salad. Hands down the best ginger dressing I have ever had. They also gave me a mini fish of cucumber salad to sample. Delicious as well. I ordered a spicy tuna roll and the rittenhouse roll both good but not mind blowing. At the end they gave me a mini dish of vanilla ice cream with chunks of Peanut Butter... I thought I died and went to heaven. While over all the experience was fantastic my only negative feedback would be the size of the rolls. They are small and heavy in the rice vs the fish and other ingredients. Other than that I really enjoyed my experience and will be back for the sequel. Thank you.
My husband got the trio sushi rolls - honestly it looked and tasted all the same.  
The fish was a paste!!!  Normally Salmon is pink, tuna is red etc, this was all a pinkish paste.
I took it home and later inspected it, still ate it with loads of wasabi and soy and ginger - but it tasted the same!  i could have bought better store bought sushi.
As did the specialty roll taste the same.  It had the "crunch" but my "salmon" was just a mushy fish paste, (did they mix something in to add longevity to the fish?)
My udon was also NOT good.  The crunchy shrimp tempura was good - get that, and thankfully outside of the soup, but the mushroom was so chewy, and noodles sparce.  
This was a very sad meal considering i loved my last experience here.  Not excited for this place anymore.
Good sushi, great appetizers, and moody blue lighting - Bleu Sushi is an excellent sushi option in east Philly.

Gotta love groupons - there are always some superb deals in restaurants you otherwise would never visit. This was the case in Bleu Sushi, a hidden gem a couple minute walk south of Jefferson Station. They certainly live up to the "Bleu" with an intimate atmosphere and lots of blue lighting. 

My girlfriend and I ordered the Kimchi Fries (Korean- style French fries with kimchee, sesame sauce, wiz and scallion), the Ten Street Roll (Deep fried tuna, salmon, yellowtail and white fish, finished with unagi sauce, massgo, scallion and spicy mayo), and the Locust Roll (Spicy crab meat, cucumber wrapped in salmon and wasabi tobiko). The presentation for the rolls were beautiful with flavor to match, especially the Locust Roll and that spicy crab meat juxtaposed with the wasabi tobiko. The Ten Street Roll highlight was the spicy mayo, but I found the deep fried roll underwhelming in flavor. The highlight was, surprisingly, the Kimchi Fries. I don't know if it was the Kimichi or the cheese whiz, but something is working in that dish, and I would say it's a must-order. 

Overall, Bleu Sushi is worth a visit even without a groupon. They make a variety of delicious sushi and one of the best appetizers with those Kimchi Fries.
Went here on a whim after engagement ring shopping! The place didn't look the best from the outside, but we decided to try it after seeing all the positive yelp reviews....and so glad we did! Very friendly atmosphere, fresh sushi, and PLEASE WHATEVER YOU DO....TRY THE KIMCHI FRIES.
BAD EXPERIENCE.  LIKE I TOLD THEM, I'LL NEVER GO BACK.  The sushi is good but nothing extra special.  For the price, the servings are smaller than most places I go.  And I go to a LOT of sushi places.  The tables are small, and it's dark in there.  I've gone probably five times since they opened.  It was always an OK experience.  We went last night because we bought a Groupon.  That is literally the only reason we went there instead of the many sushi places between here and there.  The Groupon said that you had to have reservations to use it but I've had TONS of Groupons honored where the situation didn't meet all the criteria listed in the small print.  Plus, there was no need for reservations.  When we arrived, only one table had customers in it!  When we left 40 minutes later, there were two other tables with customers.  Still, when I showed the waitress the Groupon, she looked at it for a moment and said "Did you make a reservation?"  I said "No.  That's not usually a problem though."  I probably should have pointed out that the place was empty.  Now she could have just honored the Groupon without even bringing up the small print.  Instead, she took the Groupon (in other words, she took my phone) into the kitchen and returned 35 seconds later saying "You can't use this because you didn't make a reservation."  I said, "Really?"  She said, "Yeah.  I"m sorry."  I said, "Well that's OK but I'll never come back here again."  Her response:  "Oh."  Apparently they don't need the business (despite all the empty tables).  Thing is:  We don't need them either.  There must be several HUNDRED places in Philadelphia to get sushi.  Good sushi can be made quite crappy when served by a restaurant that doesn't care about the customer experience.  So one star.  I'll never go back.  When the restaurant goes out of business, I'll contact Groupon and ask them to refund the price I paid for the deal.  Cest la vie!
Great neighborhood sushi place with quality roles and cheap prices. The front of the restaurant facing the street is pretty ugly and may throw you off but once inside it is a clean and good looking restaurant. Their prices are less than Whole Food's tasteless sushi, making it a great option for takeout and Friday night sushi binges at home with Netflix.
My friends and I walked in just to order a red bean fried ice cream and a green mochi ice cream. First of all, they only had three flavors of ice cream, green tea, red bean, and (I forgot the third one). The fried fried ice cream was a pretty good size but it only tasted of the dough, which was undercooked by the way. The red bean ice cream had no type of flavor at all! The mochi ice cream was also not satisfying. They came with two little mochi balls that were individually packed, reminding you of the ones sold in the supermarket. The taste of them were average, nothing special. I wouldn't recommend their dessert to anyone. 2/10 on my scale
A friend and I purchased a groupon for I think $30 worth of food for only $17. I called for a reservation and it was a really difficult call. I repeated simple parts of the reservation, like the spelling of my name, number in my party, etc about 5 times until it was correct. I've heard only positives about this restaurant so I didn't let that sway my opinion. 

We were greeted by the owner numerous times throughout our meal who was incredibly friendly and welcoming. Although this was incredibly nice, no one else in the restaurant received this type of welcoming. It was known that we had a groupon and it was our first time. Obviously really nice, I just would have loved to see this all throughout the restaurant. 

We ordered sashimi, rolls- spicy yellow tail, drexel, washingtpm square. and bleu. All were wonderful. I wish their sushi menu was a little larger though. We were given complimentary ice cream which was soooo good. Chocolate with peanut butter. If you have a PB allergy make sure to tell them bc they didn't tell us there was peanut butter in the ice cream.

Best service I've received in a long time and only a couple blocks from my apt!
We stumbled in here for lunch because I was craving sushi and wanted to try some place new.  So I yelped and found this 4.5 star sushi spot in washington square.  Being 4.5 stars on yelp, I had some expectations.  The inside is fairly small, with mainly tables along the walls, pretty tightly packed.  So tight that if you are just a little overweight, you might not be able to squeeze through the tables to get into the wall side booth seating.  It is pretty small and cozy.

We ordered the spicy 3 which came with a miso soup, also ordered the philadelphia roll and pennsylvania roll.  The spicy 3 included 24 pieces of sushi combo of yellowtail, tuna, and salmon.  When it came out, I seriously could not distinguish which was tuna, salmon, or yellowtail because they looked exactly the same in color which is odd because yellowtail is lighter in color, should be clear.  The fish did not taste fresh at all.  To be honest, it tasted like the typically sushi you find at the mall.  Even wegman's sushi is better than this.  
On the other hand, I found the Miso soup to be pretty delicious and flavorful served on a unique looking fish bowl and soup spoon that I almost wanted to take home.  Overall, their sushi is really mediocre but I guess you get what you pay for.  FYI, this is a BYOB.  Sushi restaurants are a huge competition in the city because there is just so many to choose from.  This one really need to step it up compared to fat salmon, vic sushi, etc.

As for the service, it is just SO SO - being that it is kind of an asian restaurant, I don't expect much when it comes to service as usual.  But I asked for a box for the rest of the sushi and he either forgot or just ignored it.  Either way, we left without packing, sushi wasn't good anyway, I probably would not have finished it by home.  I definitely won't be back.
Had an amazing time at Bleu Sushi! Made a reservation for 4 on a Saturday night. As with most places, they did not seat the party until all guests were accounted for. 

Sushi was fresh and delicious. Service was friendly and attentive. 

It's BYO! With no corkage fee! Need I say more?

I love the modern ambiance of Bleu Sushi. The place is pretty dark (you can still read your menu though!) and accented with blue backlights. I enjoy this more upscale look paired with an affordable menu!

No complaints! Can't wait to return.
Bleu Sushi is a great pick!  My boyfriend & I had taste for Sushi when visiting Philly and had no idea where to go and found Bleu Sushi via Yelp,

I will advise to make a reservation in advance as this little Gem books a full house quick. We lucked up and was able to walk-in & have a great meal.  

The food is absolutely delicious~*!  It's a BYOB restaurant so bring  your favorite bottle of wine.
The atmosphere is hip, the blue lighting, candles and music make the setting very cozy, 

We definitely recommend Bleu Sushi and will be coming back again!

Tam,
An interesting ambience, not at all Japanese in decoration, sorta chic gothic dark, very good service and food overall.

The new potato shrimp is good! The picture shows 5 but you get only 4, so it is sorta expensive, perhaps making this appetizer a larger size for $9.95? 6 pieces would work better.

The sushi and sashimi is nicely prepared, fresh and in large pieces, I feel as if I am definitely getting a deal especially using a groupon here.

Highly recommend it to sushi lovers ! They name their rolls here after universities.
I ordered delivery via Eat24 and sadly did not have a good experience with regards to the food. I ordered the "Rittenhouse Square" roll, added avocado and requested no "bonito flakes". I don't know what was on the roll (it did look like dark flakes), and overall the roll was falling apart. Worst of all, it smelled terribly unappetizing and was very off-putting. The closest thing I can compare it to would be the dry, flaking fish food that you drop into fish tanks.

 I called Eat24 and told them I wouldn't be able to eat it. Thankfully I was issued a refund but had to throw away my order. I've seen that Bleu Sushi has good reviews and perhaps I'll give them another shot, but only in person. No more delivery for me.
Listen, sometimes I eat grocery store sushi, okay. It's fine. But actually, it isn't anymore because I used to think it was good enough but now I've had Bleu Sushi and all other sushi won't cut it in comparison. I'm not too adventurous with the types of sushi I get but I do know the rolls I got (also can't remember which, but I probably stuck to tuna) were fresh and delicious. My husband got the yakisoba which was pretty yummy. Will definitely return, though I don't love that you have to get Voss water for $4 lol.
Waited 3 hours for my order and it never was delivered. Spoke to the restaurant numerous times as I waited. Will not order again. They charged my credit card too, so now I'm out $20.
They have very strict groupon policy which I don't understand. The restaurant was more than half empty but owner gave us hard time to redeem groupon because we did not make a reservation with groupon. Won't back again.
Part of me feels a little guilty giving this place a not so great review, because - as many other reviewers have noted - the owner seems like a lovely person and the service is good, but I write reviews for restaurants based on food, and this place just doesn't live up to the hype. It should not be getting 4.5 stars. We made a reservation last Friday night (they are very strict with the Groupon - if you want to use it you have to reserve at least a day in advance, and make sure you use the right one for the number of people you're bringing.. this process made us a little unsure right from the start). 

So.. the sushi:

We ordered green salads and 5 rolls. I suspect the salad dressing was not homemade, it wasn't very good. We always get a combo of some fancy stuff and some basics, and we really go for the raw fish. The first sign of it not being great was that we had difficulty finding rolls with raw fish in them. We ordered some of the fancy rolls and it seemed like anything resembling fish in them was cooked. We got a salmon avocado roll, a salmon skin roll, an oyster roll (we knew that would be cooked since oysters are always fried for sush), the Ten Street Roll (described as Deep fried tuna, salmon, yellowtail and white fish, finished with unagi sauce, massgo, scallion and spicy mayo - but we did not observe any raw salmon, yellowtail, white fish or unagi on it, just fried tuna - maybe the description is supposed to mean everything is deep fried?). We also got the Temple Roll (Spicy yellowtail, tempura flakes wrapped in black peppered seared white tuna, glazed with Yuzu sauce, again it seemed it was cooked fish only, and no yellowtail to be found). 

The salmon avocado roll was 90% avocado, 10% salmon. 
The salmon skin roll (which we usually wouldn't get, but again - hard to find raw fish on the menu), was very fried and not much else. 
The oyster roll was pretty good.. but again, mostly fry. 

Now, clearly we weren't impressed with the quality or quantity of fish.. but on top of that, all the rolls were really small. We were hungry in an hour. I'd say skip this place.. there are better places with nice sized rolls with high quality fish in NJ (Mikado, for example), or the burbs (Ooka is great).. I've had trouble finding decent sushi in Philly for reasonable prices.. and this just continues that trend. 

I think the reason this place gets such great reviews is the owner's friendly outgoing personality and the fact that it's close to Jefferson - we did notice that most of the other diners were under 25 .. we're not much older than that but we're willing to spend a few more bucks to get solid sush.
Pretty solid experience here and I will definitely be back in the future.  We were a party of four and got to try out a few different rolls and appetizers.  The kimchee fries were really delicious.  They did not have wiz, but instead a white cheese sauce, which was preferred.  The fried oysters were good, but a little too heavy on the breading and I would skip them in the future.  The stand out rolls, for all of us, were the Temple and Chestnut.  

Service was friendly and attentive; the owner was as nice as everyone says.  The atmosphere is very nice...dark and warm.  By 8:30, people were waiting for tables and it was crazy loud.  All in all, I wasn't blown away, but everything was good and it was a positive dining experience.
I was very happy with my dinner here. I came here after work with a friend and it was a great dining experience. The wait staff were very friendly to us and answered any questions we had. We got a few rolls to share and they were delicious. We even got a free serving of ice cream! I would highly recommend this place to anyone. I can't wait to go back.
I ordered Bleu sushi for delivery tonight. It was fantastic. The order arrived quickly. The food was hot and fresh. The miso soup is one of the best I had. The sushi was unique and delicious. My new go-to sushi spot. Get the Eagles roll if you like cream cheese!
Ordered sushi rolls: Market, UPenn, and Jefferson rolls. Sushi rolls were great! 
I also ordered the Kimchi chicken fries (a MUST ORDER) theses were hands down my fav! It's sweet and cheesy (wiz cheese) not so spicy like your typical kimchi. The chicken was well marinated. They have a lunch special on it were it's $4.95 Monday- Friday. 
Service was great. I had asked about the kimchi fries and she highly recommended it and described the taste well. They also give you a complimentary scoop of ice cream. 
Overall, great experience I will be going back and I highly recommend this place!
PLEASE DONT GO HERE. There's a great sushi place that has better quality sushi in Northern Liberties. Sushi was okay but please be careful/aware of your bill. We got an extra sushi roll when our dinner came out. We let the waiter know and he said it was okay and it was on them. Later to find out the extra roll was on the bill. Then when it was time to pay, they didn't print out an itemized receipt until after we paid (that's where we found out about the charged extra roll). When we were paying tip they showed us the digital check out system (since we paid card). They showed us options for different tip payments we could pay. You would assume the 18% tip option would be in the top left corner of the four options but instead the 25% tip option was there instead. Please just make sure before you click the wrong tip amount. Their customer service isn't great we had to keep getting our waiters attention. Just be careful when paying. Ask for a receipt before paying and just double check the tips. They seemed very sleazy...
Tried Bleu because of groupon. The fish wasn't fresh. The rolls are mostly fried or mixed with filler. I will not be returning
I don't normally write reviews but would like to take a minute to extend my gratitude for a friendly service and kind accommodations provided to our group of 22 for dinner this evening at a very short notice (increased from our original party of 5). Sushi, sashimi and rolls were super fresh and delish! The restaurant owner knew exactly what the party needed and pleasantly surprised us with great selections of dishes:-) Surely superseded the expectations. Highly recommend! Would definitely return for more!
What a great little GEM! I was so stoked that we stumbled in here one evening so famished after playing softball.  Immediately we were greeted by a very sweet server who showed us to our seats and brought a cucumber salad to snack on.  We ordered our rolls and were really impressed with the variety and creativity of the menu.  The sushi was FAB and we will definitely be returning! :)
The kimchi fries were GREAT -- flavorful with cheese wiz & green onions & some kind of sauce (hoisin?), though much kimchi as far as we could tell. On my first visit, I'd had a smoked oyster roll that was excellent, but I didn't see it on the menu this time. However, the sweet potato roll was undercooked. They don't have pots of tea, only individual cups, which is weird for an Asian restaurant. The manager is very nice & have us complimentary red bean once cream for dessert!
Amazing food.  Restaurant followed the social distance guidelines perfectly. Food was cooked properly, service was Immaculate. Definitely will be coming back again. Hopefully very soon.
Bleu Sushi has really kept me going throughout the pandemic. Not only have they thrown in free miso soup from time to time, but now they have a robot arm that hands you food and talks to you. What more could you ask for? I love the korean wings and the Rittenhouse roll. Love this place and the friendly service. Thanks for everything!
First time picking up sushi here tonight as we moved my daughter into her apt. at TJU.  The owner was super friendly and gave me and my daughter complimentary green iced tea while we waited.  They have a very cool robot hand you your bag through a window to make it contactless.  The sushi was delicious and fresh and the prices are reasonable!  Great menu with lots of options.  I would highly recommend it and can't wait to go back!
We've eaten here a few times before, but this particular experience deserves a proper review. 
We ordered a variety of rolls, miso soups, and the teriyaki tofu. Everything was fantastic. The soup was hot and flavorful, and the teriyaki tofu that I ordered was a super generous portion and came out piping hot (with rice and steamed veggies, too).
After dinner, I secretly asked our waiter to please put a candle in a dessert for my boyfriend's birthday. Not only did they bring over a huge sparkler in some ice cream, but they sang to him. Everyone was so kind. It really made our last night out for a while memorable. (Not to mention that the red bean ice cream they sent was SO GOOD). 
Most importantly, they're extremely conscious of COVID precautions. Barriers between every table, everyone wearing masks, and this robot (!!!) that delivers the takeout through the window. It seems they've done everything possible to ensure safety, and it did not go unnoticed.
We'll continue to support them through takeout these next few weeks as indoor dining closes.
Thank you Bleu Sushi for a great last night out!
Some of the best sushi in the city for great prices. Their lunch special is an absolute steal.  The owner is so personable and makes such a huge effort to make everything perfect. Highly recommend!
I heard of this place from Groupon. They were doing a deal for $18 for $30 for sushi for 2 or more people. I went on a Thursday night and got a table immediately. It is BYOB which is nice. It took a while for our waiter to come over which was fine, since we were browsing the menu for a while. For an appetizer, we shared Chicken Yakitori which is teriyaki chicken on skewers, they were mouth watering. We also each got a green salad with ginger dressing which is always a good choice anywhere. We ordered a rainbow roll, spicy crab, and spicy tuna roll, and the fish was so fresh and delicious. The service was excellent, constantly filling our water and checking on us. We actually ordered an extra roll after eating because we were still hungry. After dinner they gave us a complimentary bowl of ice cream which was a nice little treat. The atmosphere here is great, very relaxed and dark which is nice for a quiet dinner. The place is small inside and tables fairly close together, but you have enough room to yourself. Overall, great experience. Everything was extremely fairly priced. I was very pleased and will definitely return!
Bleu Sushi- I had to write a review of this place. First off, I made a reservation and showed up on time realizing that we forgot to BYOB! We asked if we could run out real quick and be back in ten minutes.. This was not an issue and they saved our table.

Ambience- Really nice, dark, candle lit, not overly romantic, more HIP then anything. it was warm with both the ambience and Ora.

Sushi- I typically do not eat a lot of rolls maybe 2. This particular night I must have ate 3-4 rolls. I would say this is due to how lite the sushi was. By the end I was filled but not "stuffed".. which is a great thing in my book.  So I have been to other places where the specialty rolls are OUTRAGEOUS--- deep fried so on and so forth. The specialty rolls at Bleu are simple. BUT HAVE AMAZING FLAVOR AND FRESHNESS. I believe that simplicity is the highest form of sophistication and Bleu is proof of just that. 

Service- The owner greets you and talks to you about himself and the restaurant. He inquires about your names and how you have enjoyed your meal. In all honesty, such interactions can lack genuinity. This interaction did not.. He was genuine, interested, engaging, and kind. He gave us a card and said "text me when you come in and ill make sure you have the best table available." I like stuff like this and the owner is privy to what brings a person back- Atmosphere, food, service, and feeling a connection. 

-Lastly, i got a groupon for this place. Typically (no offense) groupon restaurants are 3-4 stars and have their pitfalls. This place is exceptional and I was happy to see it on Groupon. 

Recommendations -Bleu roll- Great
Temple Roll- My favorite
Drexel- was also great

WE WILL BE BACK!!

-Greg Amatrudo
This is the type of sushi that you find at much higher priced restaurants.  Notice that I say sushi, and mean it- the maki is also equal to the next best place we have eaten at in Philadelphia, but the sushi is the freshest quality of fish and made with an expertise that is not found elsewhere in Philadelphia.  

Chef Hendra, if there, should be more than willing to discuss ingredients/ recommendations/ styles of asian cuisine, and seems to have experience with Korean, Malaysian, and Japanese cuisine.  We discussed food at length, and I was impressed with his passion.  

We have been going back on a weekly basis since our first time at Bleu Sushi (under former owner Mike) and will continue going forward.
Kimchi fries were on point! We also had three rolls that were amazing but I only remember the Pittsburgh and Pennsylvania. 
It's also BYOB with no corking fee which is a plus! 
The service was great-- friendly, attentive, and helpful! 
The manager came over to see how our experience was and they gave us free ice cream and sake! 
Will definitely be back!!
4 stars for the food, 2 stars for the service. I came here with a friend after she purchased one of their groupons, and after reading reviews on yelp, was expecting to eat some good sushi, but experience even better service. The sushi was awesome, however the service was less that impressive.

Its a small spot, and at 7pm on a Friday, it was packed. We had a reservation that was confirmed via email, but they lost it. Luckily there was a table available and they didn't give us any issues about getting seated fairly quickly. That pretty much ended the good service though. We felt extremely rushed through the entire meal, and were quite literally handed the check as they took away my friend's plate only about a minute after she took the last bite. We had brought a bottle of wine and fully intended on finishing it before leaving, but they came over every minute after handing us the check, trying to take it so we would leave. We weren't offered a desert menu and we had 3 different people serving us. I understand it was crowded, however I don't think that is ever grounds to rush people through their entire meal, especially when you actually serve really good food! It was a little harder to enjoy the quality of the meal when we felt pushed out just as it started.

I would come back again because I think the food is worth it, though if the service level is the same, I don't see this becoming a regular spot for me.
Today was my first time at Bleu Sushi and it definitely won't be my last.  Everything was delicious starting with the edamame and salad, to the complimentary kimchi fries, and the really fresh sushi.  

The service was amazing. If I could give more than 5 stars I would. As soon as we walked in we were greeted and sat immediately.  The owner came over to us shortly after to introduce himself.  He was very friendly and makes sure his customers are happy.  The servers were also very on point, they never let my water glass go empty and cleared everything when needed.  This will be my new sushi spot to go to!
We ordered food on Grubhub from Bleu and realized we had the wrong address.. we just moved and still had the old address attached. We went to change the address and we were out of their delivery zone and instead of canceling the order we drove to the restaurant (yes the food is that good). When I got there, I met Hendra for the first time and he was very polite and apologetic for the inconvenience even though it was our fault! He gave us a 20% off our next purchase and two free drinks. We will definitely be back for both the food and customer service! We only ever got delivery, but after COVID I cannot wait to eat there because after picking up the food I saw how cute the restaurant was. 

Thanks Hendra! (From Ashley and Tim)
Ordered here for take out and wasn't disappointed! Got some basic rolls as well as random specialty rolls. Unfortunately I can't remember which ones we ordered but were pleasantly surprised when we loved the way they tasted! Unfortunately felt like it was a bit expensive for basic sushi rollss
Ordered delivery two hours ago.  They still aren't here.  I called an hour ago (so an hour after I ordered) and was told 45 minutes.  Now their phone goes right to voicemail.

I understand the current situation, but it's not like it took them 2 hours to run my credit card.
I stopped by Bleu Sushi on my way home from work for some takeout. I had originally placed an order online, but my order didn't go through properly on the website.

Upon arriving, I ordered a Virginia roll (avocado and cucumber) and a Pine Roll. I'm not a huge fan of seafood so I typically go with vegetarian options. The Virginia roll was great, pretty simple as it should be. I was definitely not a fan of the Pine roll. Reviewing a little closer, the marked vegetarian option actually contained furikake... something I overlooked when ordering. It wasn't horrible, but for someone who doesn't necessarily enjoy seafood, not the best option. You could definitely smell and taste dried fish. 

The staff was really friendly, and the food took maybe ten minutes total to make. I would definitely go back but would recommend the owners take a better look at what they mark as vegetarian. Threw me off a bit, and I could've easily ordered something else!
Had a great lunch earlier with my wife after a Dr's appointment at Jefferson. Ordered at the window and got great service by the staff and the Bleu bot. Kimchi fried were on point and sushi is always great!! We always stop by here when we are in the neighborhood
I was really craving some sushi one afternoon for lunch and decided to order take-out from here. What's really cool is that their lunch special is still valid on Saturdays, which I got and also had their kimchi cheese fries. The sushi was pretty standard, not bad but not the best. Though, I would not really recommend the kimchi cheese fries, the fries themselves were a bit sogged (which may be due to it being a take-out meal), but didn't really have a lot of kimchi to start with and tasted kind of sweet? They seem to use processed cheese, ketchup(?), and Japanese mayo which was not cohesive when eaten all together. If I had another bad craving for an affordable sushi lunch, I'd hit them up again, but I'm sure that there are better options around as well.
Ordered from caviar, had the worst experience. It said it was gonna take an hour, which was fine. Then it got pushed every 10 min where it actually came 2.5 hours later.... it was so late that our caviar driver told us to complain... we were starving, then we got our food and it was probably the worst sushi we ever had especially for the price we paid. The food that was supposed to be hot was cold and our sushi was warm.. (obviously supposed to be cold) for how hungry we were, we still didn't eat it.
My husband and I love sushi a lot - perhaps too much, or at least our bank account might say so. But we had been so good over the last two months that I finally caved and just HAD to eat sushi for dinner last weekend. I had noticed Bleu pop up on Yelp, so after a quick trip to Reading Terminal we headed over to their new little location.

We made it just in time to snag their lunch special (which they offer on the weekends!!), but the regular prices for sushi rolls are so cheap that it only makes sense if you want either soup or salad with your sushi (hehe, they gave us both!). We were the only ones there, so our order was quickly made and then came home and went in the fridge until later. That evening, warm miso soup filled my stomach and my husband munched on edamame. The sushi we ordered was tasty - eel avocado, spicy salmon, spicy tuna, and their special hot girls roll (Spicy tuna, spicy salmon, spicy yellowtail inside w. avocado, caviar on top), and an order of the tuna dumplings (King crab, avocado, wasabi, tobiko, crunch fillings wrapped with thin tuna as skin with spicy citrus soy sauce). The tuna dumplings are tasty, but 1) are hard to eat with chopsticks and in one bite and 2) I thought that there was too much crunch in the filling (not spicy whatsoever, too). The regular rolls have 6 pieces of sushi, but a good amount of fish and not too much rice. The special roll was delicious, and definitely a favorite. Next time, I'm ordering pieces of sushi/sashimi because those prices are ridiculous! $1 for most, only a few cuts are $2+!!
The sushi is subpar at best - I've never been overly impressed with anything I've ordered here. Sushi rice is often way overcooked.

On top of that, our office ordered delivery from here and they forgot two of the items. We called them and they refused to resolve the situation and deliver the missing items, claiming, "I put them in the bag so I guarantee they were delivered." It's unfortunate that they got so defensive and lost our entire office's business over a simple, easily fixable mistake. Customer is always wrong at Bleu Sushi.

There are much, much better sushi restaurants in Center City. Do yourself a favor and eat there.
I'm traveling for work and was craving some sushi for dinner and Yelp did not disappoint.  My hotel referred me to another place but I chose Bleu instead.  The salmon nigiri was melt in the mouth good and my server Ann was attentive and friendly.  If you are looking for a neighborhood place to call your own, Bleu is a great choice.
Went here with a girlfriend the other night and it was delicious!!

Our waiter was very nice and accommodating and the food came out very fast!!

We decided to get the California roll, spicy tuna, rainbow roll, and the special roll "U Arts Roll". 

Our waiter made it a 3 roll combo with the extra roll- which gave us a ginger salad to split as well!!

The sushi was VERY fresh and absolutely gorgeous and delicious.

I wish we made our reservation later at night so we could've been there in the dark with the vibes! I am 100% going back ASAP!  

The place is BYOB which is great! We found some delicious Japanese alcohol and brought it there. Tasted great with the sushi!

Our waiter gave us a complimentary green tea to go! Also they serve Voss water-yum! 

100% recommend!!!
This is my new favorite sushi delivery place. After being disappointed by sushi delivery many times recently this place exceeded my expectations. I picked it because of the great reviews and yelp steered me in the right direction. It was very easy to order right from the yelp site. 

Delivery was quick on a Friday night and the sushi was delicious. I like that they give you the option for brown rice and other things like extra spicy mayo, spicy sauce, etc for each item that you order online. I think it is even more user friendly than grubhub.

I enjoyed my spicy salmon and spicy yellowtail rolls. The sushi chef did a great job at making the rolls nice and tight so they didn't fall apart. My boyfriend ordered 3 special rolls (ten street roll, south street roll and Drexel roll). All were delicious but Ten Street Roll was our favorite; it is already so good and flavorful that I didn't need to use soy sauce or any other condiments with it. We also had the steamed veggie dumplings which had great seasoning inside but the dumplings were all sticking together. (Wegmans is still my favorite for steamed veggie dumplings). But Bleu Sushi had some of the best rolls that I've had in awhile.

I will be keeping Bleu Sushi bookmarked for future sushi delivery and hopefully will be able to dine in soon.
So happy to have this place in the neighborhood! They keep switching up the menu to keep things fresh. The menu has a good selection without being overwhelmingly vast. I'll come here anytime for lunch or dinner and they even deliver now.
Careful with the age tofu - it comes out hot.
All of the stone rice bowls are awesome if you're up for more comfort food than sushi.
I love all of the sushi, but my favorite is probably the Arch - which comes without rice.
They're not quite out of business yet (still advertising via Groupon though) but I contacted Groupon and told them about my bad experience. They refunded me.
Had a fantastic first meal at Bleu, and will definitely be going back! The sushi was fresh and delicious, and the portions were very generous. I loved the surprise garlic on one of our sushi orders - yum. The Amigos roll was inventive and so yummy - really interesting flavors while still showcasing the fresh tuna. The beef negamaki was delicious as well, as was everything we ordered. The service was pleasant and friendly, and it's a nice, relaxing atmosphere for dinner. You must try Bleu!
This is a great neighborhood gem that is never too crowded but always a reliable good meal. The sushi is always fresh and the hot sizzling salmon rice bowl is my favorite. The menu has a decent variety and is moderately priced for sushi in Center City. 

The owner, Hendra, always comes around to each table to small talk and is very friendly and personable. He makes sure the meal and service is good and always gives us free dessert when we come. 

Solid place for a reliable meal if you're in the mood for sushi.
Who doesn't love sushi being handed to them from a robot during quarantine? That was awesome! 

This was the first time I've ever been to Bleu Sushi and I will be sure to be back! I ordered a salad, California roll, and spicy tuna roll online and had it in my hands within 15 minutes. The staff was absolutely friendly and very kind the few minutes we talked. The rolls were delicious and a great price for a lunch special!!
I ordered the 3 Rolls Regular Combo which comes with a house salad or miso soup. I got the Alaska Roll, Harrisburg Roll, and Manhattan Roll and opted for the Miso soup. I think the combo is a pretty good deal at ~$21, especially for dinner. There's a wide selection to choose from, and they also have a signature combo with 2 rolls if you want a fancier roll. I thought it was decent quality as well. The one weird thing was that they didn't have any free tap water when we went. However, you can check in on Yelp and get free green tea, so that's what I ended up doing.
Sushi after a long time, was great! Me and my friends we're out exploring Philly and spotted this Sushi place for lunch. They had a nice outside dining at up, limited seating, but we called ahead and we had about 10 minutes walk. When we reached there, they had a table set for us under the nice tree shade outside. Me and one of my friends ordered three rolls from lunch menu with a side of salad and one of my friends ordered veggie fried rice. Everything was great! I had Philadelphia, shrimp tempura and California rolls, my friend got the Clinton rolls, Pennsylvania rolls and the Ohio rolls! The fried rice was pretty good too! 

The owner and the servers of the restaurant were very welcoming and friendly. They also served us some readbeans ice cream, which I had for the very first time. And the ice cream was complimentary. 

Just had an amazing dining experience after a long time. Very happy!
Thank you to the owner and staff for putting together a lunch order for a team of nurses at Penn Presbyterian Hospital!  They work on a all Covid floor and they were so thankful and appreciative to have a special bento box and sushi lunch!!! Ordering was easy and the owner took the time to take my order over the weekend and customized it exactly how I wanted. Everything was ready and on time for pick up and he even sent me text messages and pictures to let me know too! Incredible experience, Thank you again!
Fantastic place, fantastic owner. A small, cute BYOB with great food and portions for the price. We got takoyaki, tuna sashimi, a yellowtail roll, and the special Washington Square roll. They all hit the spot. The owner was super nice and friendly too. Overall a solid find, will definitely be back!
