We were looking for an in between place something w music but nothing that required getting all dolled up. 
Our Philly friend suggested this place $10 dollars to get in not bad. 
Once inside, we had to coat check $3 bucks pretty good after that we headed to the bar the one on the right was too crowded we couldn't even get the bartenders attention so we moved to the one across. 
Drinks I had Grey goose & cranberry this was ok lacked alcohol it wasn't that strong & it had way too much ice. 
Friends had Jameson & ginger ale ok the Long Island iced tea was the better drink out of all since it taste like it actually had alcohol. 
As for the place itself no bad decent size although it was too crowded there's barely any room to move around let alone dance so it was uncomfortable to dance but manage to make the best of it. 
Music wise not terrible but could have been better music was not consistent. 
Philly night life is limited as far as time goes Specially when compared to NYC this place closes at 2am not terrible if u are out early but ok overall, it was a group of friends so we had a good time.
Here's the thing: I've been to Bleu many many times, I've been going there sporadically for years. Sometimes for late lunch, just a happy hour, or for a late night drink and dance on the weekend.  I've never had a problem.......until two weeks ago. 

My boyfriend and I went in on a Friday around 8 for a drink and a quick bite, before it got too crowded.  We sat at the bar and the waitress I found out later was new working there, took our drink order without introducing herself to us, and was not personable.

Once we got our drinks we placed a food order.  She came back to us ten minutes after putting in the food order to ask us if we wanted to either close the tab, or keep it open????? Why would we want to close our tab at 8:30 after one drink, and we hadn't even eaten the food we ordered yet......we said we would not be closing the tab, and she proceeded to tell us to give her a credit card AND  a drivers license......I gave her the most puzzling look, and she then went on to say we can us cash to pay when we close out......and then says right after "you're going to use cash aren't you?".  ( I'm  not even going to touch that statement right now.)

I answered no, and my boyfriend pulled out his Amex and license and we carried on.  This waitress/bartender never tended to our needs while we waited for our food. It was still empty, so I don't understand why he wasn't available to refill our empty glasses!!!  Another bartender saw we were in need of more drinks and she took care of us.

When this waitress bought our food out she slammed each plate on the bar, and I first thought I imagined it until she brought my boyfriends beer over and slammed that as well.  At that point I was done with her. I dropped my dumplings on cue and decided the check was needed. He behavior spoiled my appetite as well as my mood!! I waited for my boyfriend to finish his food, as I left mine on the plate.  the idiot waitress/bartender again never came over to check on us, to see if we needed anything else, or if everything was okay.

Another bartender asked if we were okay, I promptly asked for a shot of Patron....alleviate my pissed off disposition, and the check.....my boyfriend was still eating but at that point I wanted to wrap things up and see the manager.

Once we were ready to go, I made sure I took the bill and signed for my boyfriend.......I left NO TIP!!! Even with the shittiest service I've left a tip....she was 100% undeserving of a tip, on top of the ridiculous 18% gratuity already charged.

The manger walked me out of Bleu as I explained to her that her waitress was horrible, and maybe she was having a bad day, but there is never a good excuse to not be attentive to customers period!!! 

The funny thing was it seemed as if the manger wasn't taking my compliant seriously until valet pulled up the car, and she then interrupted  me mid sentence to compliment us on the Benz then offered me. Come back  inside for her card, so we are compensated the next time we come.

 Promptly said no need because we won't be returning.  

A long as Bleu Martini has been around, I'm surprised they even hire people who don't know how to deal with customers properly....

As big as my city is, this won't be a loss.....I refuse to help a spot make money who don't respect where it's coming from
I came for a birthday party last night. I read all the reviews before hand to get an idea of what to expect because night clubbing can be tricky business if you're not aware of this and that. I am going to go with a good, bad, ugly scenario for this review. Hopefully it will be useful if you plan to go.
The Good: If you come early, say prior to 10:00pm there is no cover charge, you can have your choice of a variety of tables or booths and you have a pretty good shot at ordering food and drinks. I also have to say the bottle service was definitely nice and I enjoyed the dj but hey I like rap and that is what was played.

The Bad: Tipping is not a choice. They add it automatically and I can see why as our server was pretty bad. Thank goodness I was at a table with bottle service because I never got her attention once. Even when someone managed to snag her and ask for food, she took their order and left. She didn't even ask if anyone else wanted anything. After a while we just went straight to the bar for our drinks and yes they are horribly over priced. I'm talking 8 dollar Coronas (99 more cents and you can get a six pack at the liquor store) and 14.00 margaritas. WOW! I've had cheaper drinks in Manhattan for crying out loud.

The Ugly: Around 11:30 the place was now jam packed which in itself wasn't bad because everyone was dancing and singing and having a good time until someone threw up in the middle of the floor. It was cleaned up quick enough but still that's a good enough clue to exit stage left which we did around 1am at which point I was shocked to see (and this has nothing to do with the bar but is ugly nonetheless) the PPA giving out tickets. Yes at 1 in the morning you are still not safe from the PPA so heed my warning and park a few blocks away like we did and put something in the kiosk to be on the safe side.
Forgive me now for the long review, but I recently had a TERRIBLE experience at Bleu Martini and I want to give you the full details before you decide to ever work with such a shady company. 

I'm a New Yorker that travels to Philly for a business leadership conference every February. Last Feb., I had arranged to host a party at the bar during their regular Saturday club night, where I would promote the bar as the official afterparty venue to my college org's conference in exchange for a percentage of the bar revenue. There ended up being a huge snowstorm that night and the club was literally EMPTY. Luckily my organization's regional conference brings in over 500 members from all over the Northeast, and we just wanted to have a good time so we trekked out there anyway and PACKED the place. Even though there were a few pretty sketchy things that we noted about the management that night, we made enough money that we decided it would be worth it to host it there again this year and avoid the stress of finding a new spot from afar. BIG MISTAKE!

A few months ago I reached out and let them know that I wanted to work with them again and a lady named Indra contacted me back. She was shady from the beginning, and when I would ask her specifics about how we can arrange the payment deal she could never give me an answer and would say she would get back to me. 

They don't give you anything in writing, and I even offered to bring my own wristbands so they could distinguish which guests were actually mine and she declined. Finally after lots of calls and texts she CONFIRMS with me over the phone that her boss agreed to give us 10% of the bar in excess of what they normally receive on a Sat. night...but she would never tell me how much they make on a Saturday! 

Mistake 1. How would I know if I was being cheated if she could easily make up a higher figure and say that's how much they make so we wouldn't make anything. I kept asking Indra (via phone AND text) but she just kept saying that's what the owner said and we'd at least "probably make around the same as last year". 

Mistake 2. She kept asking me how much we made the year before and who the check was written out to so the owner could look it up and see how much we made, then said that's around how much we'd probably make. What was made last year was a percentage of bar sales from that SPECIFIC night, how would it matter this year when it would be a whole new crowd that could either buy more or less that night! I'm a very organized, detailed person and I asked kept pressing her for explanations which I would never get clear answers to but the date was nearing and I just gave up and thought "at least we'll break even w/last year". 

We got to the club and had a decent time. Not only was the place packed, a majority of them I recognized as MY organization's members, but my local chapter bought a VIP table downstairs and purchased SIX bottles from them! At the end of the night I called Indra 3 times in a row and she wouldn't answer the phone. I had never seen her in person, we only talked over the phone so I asked the general manager and he pointed her out to me and she ended up being the lady standing directly across from me watching me try and get in contact with her! She reluctantly walked over and I swear to you she acted like she didn't even know who I was!! When I pulled up her phone number and mentioned I had texts from her she suddenly tried to play dumb and switched up her story and said "Oh, well it was never confirmed!" Then she ran off and never came back! 

The general manager (who had no idea what was planned that night) sat with us as I explained to him EVERY detail of my conversation with Indra and let him read our VERY detailed text exchange. With the more I explained to him I could tell he was believing what I had to say and he seemed very apologetic and willing to help. He brought over the owner, another shady 'business' person who Indra had been speaking to in the first place to confirm it! He nonchalantly said Indra told him I never confirmed it and hung up on her and said I wasn't satisfied with that deal. WTF! Lies! If that were true, why would I EVER show up AND bring my crowd AND buy six bottles from them! When I told him that and started shooting down his claims with my own facts, he couldn't even give me a straight answer or look me in the face. He just said he would be figure it out and be back. He never came back either!! Then the general manager came back and apologized again and said that the owner didn't want to pay us, all he could give us was %10 of the bottles we bought which came out to a whopping...$120. At this point I had been there over an hour arguing with them and I came to the conclusion that even with my evidence, the owner knew I couldn't do anything about them cheating me. 

I'm trying to figure out if there are any actions I can take, but in the meantime I'm spreading the word about this crooked business!
I want to talk about the management staff and how this particular manager can use a refresher course in customer service and how to conduct herself in a professional manner! 

My sister and I went to Bleu Martini on 2/1 for food and drinks -- we got there around 9:30. We were asked if we had reservations and we did not. We were seated at the third booth across from the entrance. We ordered our drinks and food -- the drinks came in about ten minutes and the food... I would say it took about 40 minutes! We ordered chicken fingers... Needless to say, they weren't piping hot and the Buffalo sauce wasn't dripping... it had dried as almost they were sitting around for a little bit! 

Fast forward with two orders of chicken fingers and few drinks are tab was just a few dollars shy of $100 - we loved our server and gave her $40 tip!

Then things got interesting... we had a couple of ladies join us at our table -- we gave our server our ID and credit card to start another tab -- we ordered four more martinis @ $10/each and no sooner do we order, our server came back to tell us that the manager that originally seated us wanted us to move because someone came to her with a bottle order! We look to our right and there was a couple just sitting there boo lovin with nothing! Our server apologized left and right and then here comes the manager -- needless to say, we canceled our drink order! The manager wanted to relocate us to another table after she found out we had placed a new order, but by then we were done! 

If she would've told us initially that the table we were sitting at was booked than we could've been prepared to leave or we could've opted to sit somewhere else from jump! 

But, it's all good -- it was a learning experience and there are a lot more lounges in Olde City that are worth our time and money!
God this place sucks, I am usually a pretty nice guy and give shitty clubs a 2-star review if they are just hopeless and never showed any potential, but this place gets a scathing 1-star review for being the club that could have been a star in Olde City...and it could have done it so simply, if you can't guess this simple reason after either being there yourself or by reading everyone else's reviews, read on.

FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
I first hit up Blue Martini in early '07, when the place wasn't packed to well beyond fire safety limits, and it was actually pretty cool, even tho it was overcrowded then as well.  The decor was decent, the clientelle was much better than it is now, and I actually felt like sticking around for a drink rather than doing the walk-in, walk-through and walk-right-out.  Since then, however, this place has gone south of hell, and I can't even get to the bar to order a drink, much less get a sip of it without being yelled at by the bouncers or shoved by inconsiderate patrons.

THE ATMOSPHERE:
You've heard people complain about it being a sardine can, a trash compactor, a fire hazard, etc.  These are all gross understatements, and it's to the point that you can't get a drink, you can't stand somewhere without being touched (self-respecting women stay away unless you enjoy being groped, both on-purpose and inadvertently), you can't even get to the exit without feeling like your on the d-line of a football team trying to shove your way through everyone.  Good luck trying to admire the atmosphere, there is no atmosphere, just people, everywhere.

THE CLIENTELLE:
Almost as bad as at Moda, the crowd used to be OK, but now it's like the bargain bin at Marshall's, both in terms of their literal choice of clothing, as well as their personality-- cheap and mostly fake or flawed.  I wish I could have gotten a chance to see a member of the female gender here, but I was too focused on resisting beating the SHIT out of a few people who must have mistaken Bleu Martini for a mosh pit.

THE DRINKS/FOOD:
This place is such a shithole that I didn't give their food a chance and I'm glad...I could pay for a meal at Le Bec Fin if I had a nickel for every time I was shoved into someone trying to eat there.  The drinks used to be pretty good, but seeing as how I can't get to the bar because I'm trapped in a current of people moving through the club like houses in a giant mudslide, I couldn't tell you...if you're still thinking about going here at this point in the review, please go right ahead, go to Bleu Martini and never go anywhere else.

THE BIG SECRET (AKA HOW BLEU MARTINI CAN SAVE ITSELF):
This is what makes me write up this review, it makes me want to pull my hair out, it makes me want to throw a temper tantrum the likes of which haven't been seen since I was in Toys'R'Us as a kid after my Mommy told me I couldn't have that Wolverine action figure.

STOP LETTING EVERY F*CKING PERSON IN THAT STEPS IN LINE!  RESTRICT ADMISSION!  MAKE THEM WAIT!

Is this really such a mystery?  I guess so...

So unless you're trying to get to the bottom of why this lost cause of a club sucks so blatantly, don't waste your time.
I was attempting to do a "compliment sandwich" with this place but realized it the "compliment bread" would be the size of a saltine cracker and the "constructive criticism meat" would be a 10 pound steak. God, there is nothing good about this place. From the packed floors to the slow bartenders, douchebag wannabe party throwers(I KNOW what your car looks like), and last but not least the penial implants they call bouncers. 

OK now there has got to be something nice to say about this place right...there always is... right? right?
I can count on one hand the number of times I've been to a club.  This was my first time in Philadelphia.  The club is not my scene as I do not like loud music, strangers trying to get up in my personal space bubble, high prices, and dirty spaces/air.  Those are all the things I think of when I think of a club and it gives me a lot of anxiety just thinking about it.  However, in spite of all this, I managed to have a fun evening at Bleu Martini.  I think this is a combination of the people I went with, the friendly people who were there on this particular night, and the fact that I liked most of the music they played.

A ten dollar cash cover was charged to enter on a Saturday night.  Ladies get their purse searched while men get the pat down.  We got a table in the back area so we'd have the option to sit and some people in my group wanted to smoke hookah.  The "table" was the size of a small coffee table and there were seven of us, so we were pretty crammed and there was only room for 3 of us to sit.  You had to order on average two drinks a person to sit there apparently.  

Our server was friendly, but it took forever to get my drink.  She did come back and check on us pretty regularly.  I think it must have been backed up at the bar.  The drink menu was a dated list of martini's that reminded me of bars from the early 2000's. I got a watermelon martini.  It was surprisingly good and not overly sweet.

I was comfortable because of how friendly people were.  When people at the table across from us were leaving, they shared some of their bottles with our group and their hookah.  The group next to us apparently included a famous ball player.  His friends danced with my friends and some people in my group chatted with them.  I was a small space, but people were being respectful.  Music was rap and hip hop with a mixture of old and new songs.

We stayed until 2:00 AM when they turn on the lights and tell you to get out.  I couldn't hear by the time I left and my legs were sore from dancing, and I was bothered by the 2nd hand hookah smoke, but all things considered, I really enjoyed myself. The bill was very high though, but others in my party were ordering hookah and several drinks, shots, so that stuff adds up quickly.  I just think it's crazy that they charge a cover since you'll spend so much when you're inside.  If I was looking for a club/dance experience again in Philly, I would consider going here.
I wish this place was packed on a Friday night, I wish my martini wasn't $12, and I wish I had a genie.

This is a nice looking place, music is great (r&b, hip hop, mostly), bartenders are friendly. I just really wish I could get up and dance without looking like a creep or an overly drunk college girl. So instead, I sat and had the flirtini that had champagne, vodka and a cherry and was quite spectacular. I didn't have any food, but probably should've, since the flirtini will knock the gravity out of you.

All in all, I will be giving this place another shot, maybe on a Saturday, and maybe with a flask.
How I ended up here is no more and no less than the squeaky wheel gettin the grease. I've been by this place 100's of times on my commute and what I thought it was is a world away from what it is. 

I'll start with the service... it was pretty good (atleast our server was). Once she found out we were eating she was very attentive. No one in my group had any complaints about the food. Myself in particular, I wasn't really impressed but I was hungry as hell. Afterall, I'm eating a burger in a club. I must be starving right? On that strength, it was cool. I had a bleu cheeseburger that came with some spicy Spanish fries and aioli. I can't say it was bad, but the aioli had a really awkward taste to it. Something really strong was in there. I don't know. The fries were on-point and the burger was just okay.

I ordered my usual drink... neat... and I find that there are 2 schools of neat pours. The bartender will pour exactly what you'd normally get, but without ice and then there are those who may pour a half oz extra of whatever ingredients you ordered. If you ask me, that's the point. People may argue that by ordering neat, you're paying to not have your drink "water" down. As far as I know, places charge MORE for neat drinks so that extra oz or so should be a given. I order it that way because I dig the potency of my drink. It tasted how it was supposed to taste, but I didn't re-up because they didn't handle it right the first time. Overall, I didn't get buzzed.

I wouldn't give just 2 stars for that, but for the crowd... the vibe... and the music I'm really giving a bonus star on the lookout. I was here on a Saturday night and the crowd was really hood (people sitting ON booths... feet on tables like park benches) the music was terrible (snippets of soul destroyingly mindless "turn-up" music... FOSACE FOSACE.. NINJA I AINT WORRIED BOUT NUTTIN NINJA I AINT WORRIED BOUT NUTTIN) and the dress code was too lax for a cover IMO (glow in the dark Nikes).

My main man from outta town (read: Central NJ) is quite a spender and even he complained that things were overpriced. Here's where I give Bleu Martini a big break. It really may not be this way on the regular. It's possible I came at a bad time. There were a few obviously classy people sprinkled in... suited and booted. Plus the ladies in our group really enjoyed themselves dancing.

-PRO-TIP- if you're a good looking woman and you're not built like a bag of laundry, a mailbox, or a fire hydrant... other women who are built like that WILL team up and try to shoo you off the dance floor. Watch out for the big girls.

-PRO-TIP No2- DO say hello to the shot girl.
Please don't make me go here again.  Please don't make me go here again.  Please don't make me go here again.

I was hoping they had a noose somewhere in this place so I could have ended the misery.  I don't know how we ended up here, but it was awful!  This place was full of guys who looked like they had too many protein shakes and closets full of striped shirts.  The only thing that made this night a complete waste was watching one of my best friends in the most drunken state of his life (Standing in the middle of the dance floor staring at everybody and spitting.  I'm laughing just typing this).

The bouncers were actually relatively cool, but I just got a terrible vibe about this place.  Drinks were weak and the music was terrible.  If you gave me a choice between bingo night at the local church or a night at Bleu Martini....BINGO!!
Interesting place. Was not a crowd when we went. It's definitely is the type place that will get busy very fast. After 10pm it's a $10 door fee. 

It was a blue lighting place (hint: bleu Martini). Which gave it the lounge atmosphere feeling. The travel seating in the front is not where you want to sit if your a big guy. The seating is very tight and the table is bolted in so it do not move. For the uncomfortable seating. I give them 2.5 star

The food was excellent. I recommend the spicy shrimp and calamari over rice. That was excellent. For the limited dinner menu a 2.5 star. But 5 star for the perfectly cooked food.
I've been here multiple times and it's always a Bad experience. The drinks are overpriced and watered down, service is slow, some of the bartenders don't even pay attention, and The crowd is generally "broke and boujee" (people who have no money but always have an attitude.) Last night, I attempted to give this place another chance but the security staff was so rude, I just left. 

My friends and I got in line and the bouncer at the door literally started yelling at us, demanding to see ID. Everyone in our group was at least 30 years old. We had Our IDs ready but I refuse to be talked to like a prisoner, so we immediately got out of line and took our business up the street. We spend a good amount of money when we go out and I'm not interested in giving my dollars to a an establishment that allows its employs to berate customers. 

There are way better places in this area. Save your money and go somewhere else.
Update: there was a shooting outside of Bleu Martini early 2011.

I'm just sayin'
I don't know exactly what to say about this club.

A bouncer at the door charged us each $10 cover to get in. I agitated among my friends for thinking this situation through before we forked our cash over. $10 a piece? I asked the bouncer what was going on inside that was meriting the cover. He started talking it up like it was this real hot night, not to be missed. (Yeah, right.) Then a few seconds later some dude asked the bouncer what was going on inside and he answered, "Oh, just regular party." OK, so why is that worth $10?!

Anyway.

For the first thirty minutes we were inside, I bided my time wondering when they were going to finish their drinks so we could beat it outta there. It just felt kinda cheesy. But to be fair, we had paid that cover and although they were on the fence for a while about leaving at first, the tide turned and it was clear we were staying. So I made the most of it and truth be told, actually ended up having a super-fun night. I think this had everything to do with the fact that I was dancing and hanging out with my buddies, though. Also, the music at first was not that danceable but eventually it got a lot better.

There's nothing about this club that I would pinpoint and say I didn't like, but I just didn't think that it was anything more special than other clubs that have great dance parties with live djs and do not charge a cover.
Went here with a few friends after dinner. Service is very nice and quick. But the prices are fairly high for a beer or mixed drink. The restaurant has nice decor. The theme of blue lights everywhere looked pretty cool. Like everyone else said, this place gets packed on a Friday or Saturday night. You have a high chance of your drink or someones drinking all of you.
The "What the heck was I thinking?!" moment.  

Yelp was created for a reason - to aid us in our decision making process when trying new places.  Did I take advantage of this powerful decision making tool before stepping foot in Bleu Martini on a Friday night? NOPE. Silly me.

If I had taken the time to read the reviews of my fellow Yelpers, I would have known that this place is an itty bitty, ghettolicious, hot mess.  I'm giving them two stars because while the place was sub-par, my cousins and I were able to enjoy decent drinks (albeit expensive for the atmosphere they attract).  

Lesson Learned!  If you do nothing else, I implore you, READ THE BLASTED REVIEWS.
On July 29th, 2017, a friend and I each ordered a Coke & Rum from a bartender from the secondary bar of Bleu Martini. The bartender, a Black man in a seemingly yellow shirt, kept touching my hand during the order, but I brushed it off because he did not verbally mention interest. We were each charged  a total of $9.60 on our individual cards for our purchases. When I asked to close my tab, I was asked if I no longer wanted to see the bartender's face. I did not have a response ready because I did not want to offend.

 Regardless, he took offense. When my friend and I came back to each order a Blue Moon beer, the bartender would not listen to me when I tried to order. Instead, I had to put in the order through my friend. When it was time to pay, he now stated that there was a $20 minimum. We were surprised because this was not mentioned on our previous purchases, but we decided to put it all on one card. When the check came back, it included  $16 for the beers as well as almost $4 for "Automatic Gratuity". Due to the prior situation, I asked another bartender if it was customary to add a tip without allowing the customer to decide and was told "We don't work for free."

In this situation, the bartender did not originally make it known that there is a $20 limit. Due to precedence, he should not have sprung those charges on us. Or he should have originally charged us the correct amount so that there was clarity. So what I am saying is, please tell your bartenders to be consistent so there is no confusion.

The situation that this bartender created was one based on an unrequited interest. Charge the necessary amount from the beginning.
Come hear early in the night because by 10 o'clock this plce is packed! I'm not sure why this fills up so quickly but it basically becomes wall to wall people. You'll also be able to avoid the cover they charge. The music and DJ are pretty decent but service gets so much slower. 

Coming here before the dancing is a whole different atmosphere. It's literally empty. We had no trouble getting a seat at the bar. And there were lots of tables empty. You could only find the occasional small group smoking hookah at the tables around the place. 

The drinks here are great and are made really strong so definitely worth it. Don't be afraid to order food at the bar. It all  also comes really fast and is prepared well. I'd do a sampling of the different apps.
I have quite a few words for Bleu Martini..."incredibly trashy" could be a selected couple of them.

I came here for dinner with a group of friends and I actually quite enjoyed this place for the beginning parts of the evening, however, it started its grand tumble downhill around 10ish...probably around the time when:

A) the DJ couldn't decide whether to keep the volume high or low

B) I strolled into the bathroom only to be greeted by an ill mannered lady who was apparently supposed to be servicing the area but was instead shooting the breeze with god knows who and she actually expected me to tip her. Clearly, she had a good sense of humor...or perhaps not.

In any case, the food was okay, not exactly fantastic or anything that would keep me coming back. Martinis run anywhere from $10-$15, drafts were around $6, they have a large selection of wine but I'm not so sure about mixed drink prices.

The waitress forgot to bring me my dessert and when she realized, she told me it was probably placed at another table...which really doesn't win her any points at all. So I'd say service was alright at best.

We didn't even bother to stay to dance or do whatever it is they do post 10PM but judging from other reviews, I don't really care to find out.
We ended up here after the bouncer/guy standing at the front door, said it was no cover to get in (Bingo) so we decided to give it a try. Nice, cool decor. The crowd on the other hand was mostly creepy old guys who looked liked they should have definitely been at home with the wife and not out with there wingman hitting on much younger girls. We had one drink then bounced.
Tonight outside the Bleu Martini I was told by a bouncer to leave after standing to one side to let some young ladies walk by. I promptly moved along and as I was walking away I heard the bouncer call me and my friend "fucking nerds" under his breath. I walked down to the next business and then complained to my friend about this. The bouncer over heard me and I heard the sound of him turning his tazer on and off. He then walked to me brandishing and once again turning his tazer on. He asked me if I had a problem and I told him that I didn't appreciate being called a "fucking nerd". I then apologized to him and walked away. I at no point threatened your bouncer and I never even insulted him, I merely complained to my friend about being insulted. The Bouncer who threatened me was about 5'9", 230 lbs, and was dark brown in complexion and spoke with a heavy African accent, I am  5'8" and 180lbs and in rather poor shape. If I had posed a threat he could have easily difused the situation without the use of a tazer.
I came to Bleu Martini with a group of girlfriends for restaurant week. We had changed our reservation that day from 7 people to 8 people. When we arrived, there were only 7 chairs set up. We looked around and most available chairs had already been taken from an open table. We had to ask multiple times if we could have a chair for the 8th person.

We all ordered martinis which came out relatively quickly and they were awesome (although pricy). Chocolate Raspberry martini was delicious - almost more of a dessert with chocolate syrup in the glass.

The food was not bad. Our first courses came out and they forgot one. We were all done eating by the time we got a hold of our waitress for the missing food (which was chicken fingers). After that, our 2nd course for dinner came out. Yet again, they forgot one. They brought out a bowl of mashed potatoes(?) for my friend as she waited for her food. 

Due to the messed up service, they offered us a bottle of champagne on the house.  They brought it out with a sparkler attached and poured it for us along with cherries to add in.  The disappointing part was that when we finally got our bill, they charged us $100 dollars for it. When we pointed this out to our waitress, her response was "oh, okay let me take that off". She didn't even seem surprised.

My last frustration was the bathroom attendant. She shook her tip bucket in a couple of my friend's faces saying she didn't get one yet.  I would have felt bad if she actually did anything for us but she was just sitting in a chair. She didn't even hand out a paper towel. I just felt that was super inappropriate.
I went here with a good friend to celebrate his last night in a blue state before he moved to Texas for grad school, and we had a blast.  Of course, we got here early enough to get a table before the weekend night rush of people, so we didn't have to deal with the pressing crowd like most of the other patrons that night.  I'd say go to this place off-hours because it'll be less jam packed.  They've also got a dress code (no sneaker, etc.), which is no big deal.  However, I expected someplace a little bit more swanky, more true to the martini bar aesthetic than what Bleu Martini delivers.  I think a martini bar should be classy, and the decor at Bleu Martini is a bit, but the riotous crowds (complete with drunken bachelorette partiers and hoochie mommas) makes this place disappointing.  That said, I got the raspberry truffle martini and loved it - raspberry vodka, some other booze, and chocolate syrup drizzled in the glass.  That might be worth going back for, except it was pricey (about $10 a martini) and crowded, so I'm wavering over whether or not I like this place.
OK. So I'm giving this place three stars. I know that sounds ridiculous and before all of my yelp credibility goes flying out the window here is my disclaimer. 

1. You have to go when your drunk. Notice, I did not say buzzed or tipsy or intoxicated.....I'm talking Smashed out of your mind. Why? Because if your drunk enough you might not notice the 18,000 people pushing past you to get to wherever their going, the disgusting floors, or the fact that you are smack dab in the middle of a fire hazard b/c this place always has a hundred people too many in it. 

2. You have to go with a bunch of really good friends who are equally as drunk and will dance with you and help you ignore the fact that the girl to guy ratio is like 1:4 

3. You have to be friendly (or drunk enough to be friendly) and possibly have a hazmat suit in your car b/c it is def gross, sweaty, and humid inside - perfect breeding ground for all sorts of nastyness. 

Having said all that....I had an awesome time the few times that I've been to this place. Mostly, it didn't have much to do with the place, but more to do with the people I was with and the drinking games that were played beforehand. If you ever find yourself drunk of your ass with a bunch of friends you love, check it out. Otherwise, steer clear.
Overpriced, under poured drinks.Over salted chicken 
wings. Rude, unfriendly servers AND the nerve to
rip people off with a cover charge.
NEVER AGAIN!!!!
Horrible place. Very passive bartenders despite saying things like "please" and "thank you." I was charged $4 more for a scotch neat. The receipt literally says "Prep: Neat - $4.00". When asked why I'm being charged more for literally pouring just the drink she said I asked for a double shot. I did not. At all. Thanks.
This review is only for the bar, not the restaurant.

We popped in here for a quick drink after dinner on a Saturday night. It was around 9:30 so there was no cover charge. Bleu Martini has two bars, one near the entrance of the restaurant and one towards the back. The front bar was very crowded so we opted for the quieter back bar. The bartender was quick to serve us and listed the specials for the night. We ordered a Watermelon Martini ($5 special) and a Mangotini (regular price of $10). The glasses were smaller than I expected, and after reading the other yelp reviews, I guess this is consistent across the board. We did enjoy our drinks, which were neither too strong nor too sweet. 

Warning: the music is pretty loud. It wasn't a relatively quiet and classy bar like I had hoped, but I also didn't really know what to expect. I think it was more of a club and less of a quiet bar and restaurant.
I will never go back to this place and I will tell as many people as I know not to go.

First thing I noticed is my friend and I got trapped between the 2 entrance doors.  If you're not a size 1, you can't close the outside door without opening the inside door first.  I know it sounds strange, but if your patrons have to figure out how to get into the place, it's just weird. 

Now, I am a big girl, you can see that when you meet me.  Why in a totally empty restaurant would you sit a big girl at a table that was small????  

When I noticed that all the seating was cracked, I knew things were not good.  Fixing your furniture is easy and inexpensive compared to new furniture.  A place that doesn't care about how their furniture looks, really doesn't care.  The decor was outdated too.  Plus the place looks like a club, even the restaurant area.  Why am I having dinner in a club?  We should have left right then, but decided to stick it out.  You never know, right?  

The food was mediocre at best.  There were 4 of us for dinner with reservations for 5:30pm.  We ordered off the restaurant week menu.  The Caesar salad was made with tomatoes, cucumbers and no croutons.  Never heard of that kind of Caesar salad.  Shrimp dumplings we OK but needed the soy sauce.  Calamari was OK with little flavor without the dip.  The entrees we had were Filet & Sea Bass.  Filet was way too salty.  Mashed potatoes had no flavor and tasted like they had been made with water instead of milk/cream. I am allergic to peppers and the veggies were almost all peppers.  The menu made no mention of that.  The best part of the meal was the cheesecake.  It was awesome.  The cheesecake is why it gets 1 star.  Even at restaurant week prices, it was not worth it.

Service left much to be desired.  Our waitress was introduced as "the best".  She was not.  She brought water with lemon without even asking if we wanted drinks.  She did not time the meal well.  We got our entrees and we still hadn't finished the salads.  Funny, because we were her only table.  And overall she just wasn't very friendly to us.  She was very friendly to a group of 3 young women that seemed to be her friends.  But personally, I would be nice to the fat chick, because we tip really well if you take care of us.  

The 18% tip was added to our bill.  That really makes me angry.  We were 4 people, obviously not young or inexperienced in tipping.  To add the tip on was really just not necessary.  I know she has to follow the rules of the place, but that rule needs to go.
The staff ruined a good dining experience for me here.  I'd been here at night for drinks and because they were good, I didn't complain about the price.  I received some gift certificates for this place and decided to bring my girlfriend here for dinner.  I'd never eaten here before, and to my surprise the food was very good.  We had the spring roll appetizer, the crab cakes and the salmon.  It all tasted very fresh and both my girlfriend and I remarked that we'd have to keep this place in mind the next time we wanted to take some friends to dinner.  Then it came time to pay the bill.

We were apparently there during happy hour, so the food was at a discounted price.  Awesome, I thought!  So I presented the waitress with my gift certificate and said after she deducted that, here was cash for the remainder of the bill.  She returned and told me she couldn't use the gift certificate because the food was already discounted.  I explained that this was a gift certificate - it's to be used toward the final bill.  She kept telling me she couldn't do it, so I asked to speak to the manager.  The manager comes over and matter-of-factly tells me that they don't combined discounts, so if I wanted to use the gift certificate I could use it on a full priced bill because if she took gift certificates on discounted food she would lose money.  I tried to explain to her that if someone pays for a gift certificate, you already have the money - the certificate purchase ensures that I have to come here to eat, so there's no money that's being lost, you have it already.

She said she wasn't going to be able to do anything for me, so I told her to go ahead and charge me a full price, which I put on my credit card, disputed with the credit card company and ended up not paying for.  I'd noticed from 2009 through 2011 each interaction with the staff got worse and worse, but I figured when you're dealing with drunk people on Friday and Saturday nights it's a tough crowd.  At 5:30PM on a Tuesday, I expected a little more considerate treatment for a customer who was just raving to the servers about what an unexpected treat the food was.

Needless to say I threw out the remaining gift certificate I had for the place and will not be returning on my own or with anyone else.  Giving it two stars because the food was good and I hope the chef(s) depart and find work elsewhere.
Not the place to go if you are a group of out of town college students. Apparently this combination makes you a target at bars like the Bleu Martini.  
My son gave his credit card for the table's tab, but the kids paid for their drinks as they arrived. Imagine his surprise when the tab arrived for close to $300!  When they questioned the bill the bouncer invited him into the bathroom for a private conversation... I initially thought that the waitress was the culprit, pocketing the cash as it was paid. But after reading others' reviews, it may have been the other added charges that this place routinely adds on that was the problem. Either way, their beer and bar snacks can't possibly be worth it.
This place is cool if you turned 21 last week. It's small... it's narrow and there's too many seats so you have very little room in general. They jack up the price of beer there, l believe it was $9 for a Corona so that way you just buy their $10 martini's. 

They are strict with dress code and by its location, you don't want to get dressed up just for a pit stop when you are bar hopping. Haven't really had their food so l can't put input for that but the 2 stars is for how it is on a Friday and Saturday night.
My friend and i when in on a Sunday at 4pm to try our Restaurant.com  $25 Gift Certificates ok you pay more for them here but the Food is worth it , drink are high but we had a nice time for something different.  Not into the night scene so we opted for early time.  So if your a 40 something person looking for a nice place to eat and drink before the 20 something come in do a Sunday at 4pm out before 8pm your be ok here ... but remember price.
I made the mistake of dining here on 1/8/15.  We had a certificate from Restaurants.com and wanted to use it before we forgot about it.  Did eat at this place before during the summer and never had any problems before.  Nevertheless, we arrived about 7:30 pm and the entire place was empty except for the three employees sitting at the bar looking at their phones.  We were seated near the kitchen by our server Hailey.  We ordered the chicken dumplings (which were not bad).  For our entrees I ordered the filet mignon (well done) and my girlfriend ordered the cognac tilapia.  Our food arrived quickly (good thing since we were still the only people there),  however my steak and her tilapia were so bland that we could have changed plates and never noticed that we were eating different proteins.  
When we received the bill we told our server that we had a certificate from Restaurants.com for $50.  We were then told by our server Hailey that to use the certificate our bill would have to be a minimum of $100.  Of course we ordered more drinks to get to that $100 and gave Hailey our certificate information.  She gets my certificate information and then goes to get my final bill.  When she returns she tells me that because we had promotional drinks (Happy Hour) that our certificate will not go through.  We can order more food or more drinks to get to this level.  I explain to her that we neither want any more to eat or drink, and we just want to pay our bill.  By this time it is 8:45.  She goes and talks to another employee (I believe her name is Christine) and returns to tell me that we can either:
 a) Pay the entire bill and they will validate the certificate for use at a future date or
 b) I can order more items to get to the $100 threshold without the promotional drinks.  
At this point I asked to speak to a manager and was introduced to the young lady that Hailey had been discussing our problem with, Christine.  Christine proceeds to tell me the exact same things that Hailey was, telling us that we had only two options.  Finally my girlfriend says "Why don't you remove the promotional drinks off our bill and replace them with regular priced drinks off the menu to match the cost of our drinks so that we can use the certificate"?    When it was said earlier to Hailey she stated it was not anything that could be done, but Christine says okay to trying it.  She now brings us an updated bill that is now more than the original bill by $15.  When I look at the amounts they kept the total number of promotional drinks that we had however they charged us at the regular drink prices.  When I asked about that, Christine tells me that they have to keep the total amount of drinks that we purchased on the bill.  When I asked her "Do you really think that I should pay $15 more for drinks that I didn't have" she tells me that I agreed to this.  Again I ask to speak to the manager and was told that they were running late but should be there soon.  By now it is 9:15.
At this time I tell me girlfriend to drive home in my car since the time at my meter was almost up as I waited for the manager to arrive.  When it was 10:00 I decided that I had spent enough time waiting to come to a resolution about my bill.  At that time Christine approached me to tell me that she had gotten off the phone with the manager and that they would not be there for another hour.  I then told her that "I had been more than reasonable in trying to come up with a solution to this, and after doing the math my bill including gratuity shouldn't be more than $62".  I also told her that if she didn't figure out what she was going to do about my bill in the next 5 minutes I was walking out due to the fact that I spent more time there about my bill then I did with my meal.  Christine then stated that her "Bouncer" would be there shortly and they would see about me leaving. When I told her I was leaving she said "We will see about that, I am sending one of my employees over".  Now the guy that comes over introduces himself as a manager, I noticed her at the bar talking to someone but I did not notice when he came in.  He was not there when I originally arrived at the restaurant.  Unfortunately, I do not remember his name.  He asks me what the problem is and I explain it to him.  He is dumbfounded when he discovers that I had more than just drinks but that I also had entrees.  He stated "Oh, they didn't tell me that you had entrees as well".  In the midst of talking to this guy the bartender comes up to me with a bill for $62 and says "This is the best I can do".

Out of all of the people I dealt with that evening, the only person who seemed to have any sense was the bartender and I never had any interactions with him until he gave me my final bill.  With that being said, Bleu Martini will never get the opportunity again for me to spend my money in their restaurant/lounge/club - whatever type of place it is.
My sister came to visit and we all decided to split our night between salsa dancing and bleu martini for hip hop. We had a great time but that alone is not 5 stars. Ladies ditch the guys and you get in for free (not sure of the time limit) otherwise $10 cover. They searched my purse and i kind of felt violated but in this place it is definitely necessary. The music was mostly hip hop and reggae. We had shots and beer and the service was super quick.The crowd is older and I thought it was weird that there were more men than women. It was a friday night during memorial day weekend and it was jam packed. We paid around $30 ( a little less) right across the street for parking however the attendant asked that we pick up our keys by 12 as he was leaving.  Their bottle service is super cheap and would entitle you to a table so i think that is definitely the way to go. If you are in the mood for hip hop go here.
This is a cool spot down in Old City. The atmosphere is dark and quiet. The bartenders were generous with their wine pours and the cocktails tasted excellent. The margarita martini was a cool twist on two classic drinks. 

The happy hour is well priced with all food and drinks on their happy hour menu being $5. The happy hour chicken tenders and pizza were standard but they were large portions for happy hour and came out hot. 

Also, my friend cut her hand and was actively bleeding. When we asked for a bandaid they claimed they didn't have one. We decided to go ask someone else and we eventually got one. So that was pretty poor service. 

Lastly, beware they do have hookah here. It's not my thing but doesn't bother me either. If you're a person who doesn't like the smell or smoke maybe pick a different spot.
I have only been here on Saturday nights before things get really busy to grab A quick drink with my friends. Why just one drink? The prices are pretty expensive and the drinks not very strong. It is a nice to listen to music and get ready to go out dancing...but leave before it gets crowded (~1130pm)

PS. BOOOBIES. Seriously all the bartenders have their boobies out. If you're into that. Go. I couldn't even stop staring and I'm stick straight. ;)
I was weary coming in because it looks like the longest happy hour in Old City and the bar and dining area was empty. That could be for a lot of reasons and I like to make my own mind up but still I can't pretend I wasn't nervous at first. In the end I think they should just close for Happy Hour. 

Note:
It was what happened to me and my party that makes this review so lengthy. We, a group of 7 black professionals that work in the area at a nearby Nonprofit, moved from the bar to one of the many empty tables in the dining area. At this point a few of my party had already closed out at the bar, while others were ready for their first drinks. Before they could order we were told by our waitress that they would need to hold on to one of our credit and ID cards for the table, I shit you not. We asked for the manager because as the ages ranged in my group so did the time in Philadelphia. I've been drinking for 5 years as an adult and never had anyone ask me to open a tab for a non bar adjacent table. It was frankly insulting and  the manager said it was necessary.  When questioned about the reasoning for the policy and the way it was enforced (there was one other table that had walked in and had not been carded in this way) she gave us a less that audible explanation we were told we would have to open the tab or leave, so we did. 

Here's the review:

I looked at the websites menu before coming and was excited. 

The online menu tell of plenty of seafood options even some Sushi (my fav!). 

The menu at the establishment was a different story and the portion sizes compared to price made me feel like they should advertise as a Tapas or something (the cocktail shrimp comes with three shrimp). The menu had the sushi page covered with a white paper to illustrate it was no longer an option. 

The happy hour menu was American bar food, with the exception on one vegetable dish. I order my standard a fruity cocktail and edamame. The cocktail I choose was a Jolly Rancher Martini(a jolly rancher in a martini glass) and the edamame was horrible. What I mean by horrible needs to be broken down it's was hunter green in color, oily, and the skin was soft and slick. The taste was that of French cut green beans in salt and oil. A simple steam and sea salt would have sufficed with fresh edamame.
only attempt to come in AFTER you've truly hit your buzz.  to go into this madhouse sober is suicide, it's claustrophobic, the floor is disgusting, and the people are the most annoying in the city.  you can't get anywhere without getting drinks spilled on you or stepped on or pushed, stupid girls are taking tons of pictures and holding up the queue, it's a disaster.  One time we were hanging out with a random group, and guess who was mingling along with us.  Ricky Martin.. Need I say more? But after any sports event in Philly, especially Football, expect to run into team members hitting on the scantly clad girls that work there.
Been here a few more times since the initial review and it really all depends on the day you go and the people you're with. Friday seems to be a little more dead than Saturday's. The guys are still thirsty but the music is on point all night! Trap and reggae are the most popular. Drinks are still pricey. 

We actually did VIP one night and got 3 bottles and a table for $400. Expensive and the glasses were dirty and had to get new ones but overall it was a good time.
Worst dining experience I've had to date.  I would never go back there, even if they were giving away free food.  Hope to see this place close up shop as soon as humanly possible.
The stature of this establishment has declined severely over the last few years. People have become rude and inconsiderate.
I went back to bleu only because my friend could not get in anywhere else cuz they had sneakers on. So bleu was the only place that they did not care about the dress code and i give them a star up for that lol. The music was pretty good too as well. The crowd was a mix, and overall it was pretty good. There isnt much space for a dancefloor though and the prices are a definitely KILLER!! I bought 3 patrons and 3 coronas all for almost 80 bucks, that was pretty expensive!!! And then a fight broke out, a girl fight, HA. So, bleu would be my 2nd place to go in olde city. :)
12/31/2018. Pay $20 to get in, I walk in, & everything's fine, music is good, the crowd was iffy but it was a nice lounge overall! 
I ordered 2 drinks and wings up until New Years count down. All very good! (Especially the wings) 
On New Year's Eve at 11:48 I ordered champagne from this girl who just stood behind the bar all night looking lost. (That was my first mistake) then The same Caucasian, smaller build, blonde/brunette bar tender had issues opening the champagne. 
The male bartender had to do it for her, & he had been serving us all night. He walks away. Im literally trying to shove my debit card into her hands as she proceeds to walk away... I thought she was getting my drink...? No. So that's not cool. 3 mins left until New Years. 

She proceeded to pour and hand out drinks to her friends and the other staff, at 11:57, it was getting close to count down so I tried to get her attention. I see No more bottles of open champagne. 
She wouldn't even look at me.
They cheered, as 5,4,3,2,1 counted down and I watched them have a splendid time sipping on their free drinks. 
 I'm glad her and her friends had fun but they need to worry about customers first or call for last drink orders earlier, work quicker and make sure everyone's served. What's sad is that the male bartenders were doing well up until they allowed that girl to do that. 
I've seen bartenders work their butts off to make sure everyone has what they need especially before count down and these don't. SHE SUCKS. 
IF SHE WAS PROPERLY TRAINED SHE COULD HAVE OPENED 10 bottles within that time span of 12 mins & that timing is being generous! It's not that hard! I COULD DO A BETTER JOB! 

It's not my fault that it took her 8 mins to realize she was too uncouth to open a bottle of champagne. 
Midnight comes and My friends and I have no drink. Guess I wasn't cool enough. I could have cried. 

After midnight, she runs to get her friend to open another bottle of champagne and tries to quickly hand it to me. I said nevermind. I'm over this now.
Whoop, whoop! Upping my experience with a solid four stars. Back again for another bday get together and Bleu Martini was the bar of choice because they have a Sunday Happy Hour from 6 to 8pm. 

We arrived on the scene at 7pm and the small bar area was packed but there were plenty of open tables. We were told we could still get the Happy Hour specials. 5 dollar drink specials and 6 dollar bar bites. The pours were generous and the wings, tenders and fries were some of the best fried bits we'd had in a long time. I wound up ordering two of the wing specials because the first only came with three. The second came with four. I was more than satisfied. Also the music was good. The volume was just right. You could enjoy it and talk to your friends in a normal time of voice. 

All in all, a positive and relaxed vibe. My only negative was getting the attention of our server who had been chillin until we asked another employee if we could get some food ordered. After that she was on point.
If you're one to strap on a pair of sexy heels and flit your way down to Old City every weekend like all the other hopefuls shivering in their mini dresses, then Bleu Martini is the place for you. For me, not so much.

The setup of the place was weird, like it was divided into thirds.  The left seemed to be the main bar, but the area was super small. The middle part was where you entered and checked your coats, which then led to the main "dance floor" if you could call it that.  And the right side appeared to be another bar but I didn't go over there much. 

I went here for a birthday party and we started out the night on the left side. It was fun at first because it felt like our own private room but then the usual 11:30 yuppie rush came in and ruined our swag, so we ended up moving to the wannabe dance floor in the middle.  This is where it got hectic.  If I wasn't already wasted, this would have been even more unpleasant.  Not only was there a circle of sleazy men scoping out potential dance partners around the perimeter of the whole room, but I found myself clinging to the edges of other parties' dinner tables to avoid getting sloshed around from the sea of clubbers and poor waitresses balancing trays of drinks.

On the plus side, the decor is beautiful, the music was good, and the sex on the beach I ordered from the bar was super strong, super tall, and had a pineapple wedge in it.  And for $12, I expected nothing less.

If they knocked down the dividing walls, this place would be a great, roomy nightclub. But for now, I'd say it's nothing more than an overpriced lounge that boasts superb bottle service and low lighting.
This was my first time coming to Philadelphia, and I was referred to come to Blue Martini. Me & 5 my girlfriends decide to go. Kindly, be prompted, that this club was little and can get very crowded around 12 midnight. We was having a pleasant time until the point that the security guards being exceptionally inconsiderate and impolite. They had the nerve to let me know and my friends that we have to move, anyway there was no were us to move because of the group. They got into our face countenances and undermined to me and my friends. Yelling&Screaming in our face! At that point, Blast!! We are getting tossed out the entryway, by two major security folks. I was in dismay! Extremely amateurish and couldn't address the circumstance. They treated us so off-base. I recommend for out of state individuals to not go to this club.
I can't even explain how much i disliked this place. It wasn't my scene. For some it may be, but definitely not for me.

I know nothing about the food they serve, but I imagine it would be possibly okay prior to 9pm. After 9pm it turns into a club that doesn't fit my needs.

Also -- the Blue lights creeped me out. I'm just sayin'
I've had to come here a few times for multiple events, and every time I leave so disappointed.

Their happy hour food is a joke. I understand happy hour food usually comes in smaller portions, but seriously...$8 for 3 pieces of regular sized shrimp? At least the two chicken tenders for $5 came with a handful of fries, I guess.

Then there are the bartenders who sit on the counter, staring at their phones so you have to almost scream at them because they didn't hear your first five "excuse me"'s (also, bartenders who give you attitude because you raised your voice at them to get their attention). It's not even a one-time thing - every time it's been difficult for me to get a bartender's attention.

If you're looking for happy hour or dinner, choose one of the many other options on Market street, but skip Bleu Martini.
If u want a taste of the "real" Old City, id hitup Bleu.

Short skirt, stiletto wearing girls dressed to impress
and beefcake dudes looking to score
the ONLY thing that makes this place worth checking out, is the decor...."bleu" lights alllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll around...and we all love blue no?

Bleu was cool when i was 20(errr...huh wha, NO)  and didnt really care to spend $10 on one drink but now that im more older and wiser, i will not step foot in there ever again. I returned here about 6 months ago to find even skankier looking girls trying to mack with trashier looking dudes. Not to mention that these skank girls and uber trashy dudes are more ignorant then ever. EVERYONE who goes there thinks they are somebody and everyone who goes there thinks its the hot spot. Did i mention that they mainly spin hip-hop and top-40 now....yeaaaa that just wont do now will it

save your money and find somewhere else to get crunked, cuz this place is a thing of the past, so is its horrible clientele!!!!
Very surprised to see 20 % gratuity added to the bill for a party of 3? I find that very odd ?  
Food was over priced drinks was ok.. The best part was the music ..I should have tipped the DJ not the waitress ..
This place is nothing but a undercover ratchet club in olds city...it use to be very upscale and friendly about 3 years ago but now I will not even walk past it. I had the worse experience here about a couple of weeks ago. Me and my boyfriend went early for dinner because we know how crowded this little place can get after 11pm. I had steak and he had salmon for dinner. The steak was bland and the salmon taste tough (idk how that's possible but they nailed it). The drinks were ok so we decided to just stay a little for the club part. Now I have been hear before I remind you and it never changes. You would think when they turn the restaurant to a night club they would remove the tables. After a certain time people should not be eating when other people are dancing all crazy around them. It's just common sense. It's just very comfortable now and their logic makes no sense. If you like ratchet clubs but don't want to be in a ratchet location this is the perfect place for you.
Came here for a meet up with a group of about 12 people. The service was fine (our drinks and food came out without a problem, the food I tried (chicken fingers) were fine...nothing special.  

The drink I ordered, an old fashioned, was terrible; it was watered down and I don't think they used the bourbon I asked for. 

The mens room was clean looking but reeked of stale urine.  It was also odd that the bathroom door has clear glass on it, not that I care but someone else might.

Not really my kind of place.
Yikes, restaurant week here was just atrocious. We arrived on a friday night for a 8pm reservation and were seated in the 'vip lounge' while we waited. The place looked busy and we were starving but the 15 minute wait for our table wasnt the worst thing. 
**this is not the place for a beer...at all**

The menu is nothing to wow over; typical bar food and oblivious staff.  
After placing our order it took over an hour for our mediocre appetizers to arrive....cold(calamari, and chicken dumplings).   We were treated with a complimentary glass of champagne for the trouble, which was nice touch. After another 1/2 hour our entree's arrived and we were starving!!

 By that time it was 10:30pm and the 'club' atmosphere was approaching as lil wayne started blasting from the speakers next to us. The Manager insisted on giving us free shots instead of a discount on our check for the 3 hour meal ordeal. 

We wont be back, this is just further validation for other reviews on here.
Me and a date went here on a saturday night around 9pm. We didn't have a reservation but we were seated quickly. They have quite a selection of martini flavors and we tried a few. They were just ok, nothing special. Maybe it depends on the bartender. Our favorite was the flirtini which is mixed with champagne. I ordered the spicy crab roll but it wasnt spicy. The crab tasted very fresh though. He had buffalo wings, which were decent nothing special. The menu prices are affordable. The restaurant is pretty dark but the decor seemed nice and our booth was really comfy. 

This restaurant turns into a nightclub around 11pm and it was a well dressed crowd but alot of sloppy drunk girls. Decent size crowd and good hip hop/reggae music. They dont have a designated dance floor, so its kinda awkward. Ppl just dance wherever there is space. By the bathroom, bar, atm machine, front door, wherever. You could be eating at a booth and ppl will be twerking right next to your face. Its big enough as a restaurant but as a club there's just no space.  It's one of the few hip hop clubs in philly that plays good music and doesn't charge a $20 cover. My only complaint is that me and my date spent $200 on food and drinks but we couldn't get a free glass of water. The waitress said it's the managers policy that customers have to buy bottled water. -___-
When the best thing on your plate is French fries?  I don't think so.  Place was dead, but it was a Sunday evening.  Still, the sushi wasn't cold, and the three different rolls we ordered tasted the same, not good. Not good that it tasted the same, which ain't good, but they just didn't taste fresh and sweet like good sushi usually does. I've never left sushi on a plate and when I mentioned my Dissatisfaction, nothing was done about it!  No offer to remake, replace, remove from our check, mop, nothing.  Wings were okay, and I simply can't remember our entree, which says a lot, don't you think?  And the martinis? Overpriced and undersized.  With the plethora of really great restaurants in Philly, even just in old city, I'd spend elsewhere.
I rarely give places one star, but i'd actually avoid the city to avoid this pub.  The bartenders are on their cell phones instead of helping out staff, you have to chese them down for a check, the drinks are rubbish at best.  Forget this place.
When someone said that this place is divided into thirds, they were right on. Bleu Martini's design is a little weird, but it works. They make good use of limited space.

The only reason I gave three stars is because the crowd is a little older than I'd like.  I still had fun, though and will return.
Bleu Martini was my first time using Yelp. Bartender John was rude and unhelpful. Purchased my first Yelp deal for this place. Never again. His tone was condescending, telling me he was losing money because he had to go figure out the Yelp deal. He talks on top of you and refuses to listen.
I am from St. Louis and this reminds me of our local bar, SubZero! 

I was expecting bar food, but my chicken tenders were actually very good! My waiter suggested I try a Peach Martini, which was by far one of the most memorable drinks of my trip! 

Nice, blended crowd and excellent hip-hop DJ! I could tell its normally a hangout for couples or for the fellas, because the men out numbered the woman- well it did that night!
Bleu Martini sucks for so many reasons. 1- Who the heck starts out asking for your ID & credit card with your order - not just to examine but to keep during your entire time there. (Sure feel free to go make a copy of my credit card for yourself. While you're at it, you might as well charge a new pair of shoes, too. Go ahead, it's on me. And don't forget to steal my identity and ship that off to Somalia.) 2- Mandatory 18% gratuity for crappy service. 3- Just okay food. 4- Having to go find the waitress running her mouth at the bar to get your check. (This is long after she's asked did you want anything else and came back 10 minutes later and cleared the plates.) And then when you find her and ask for the check, she takes that to mean "don't give me the check so I can see it, just go ahead and swipe the credit card I gave you so you can charge me for whatever you want for this sub-par food and experience."

We'll NEVER go back there again and will tell EVERYONE we know, "Hey there a S-hole on 2nd St called Bleu Martini. Don't go there. Ever."
I went here on one of the first cold Friday night of the year. The streets were deserted but surprisingly there were a good amount of people at this lounge. We asked the bartender for a surprise drink because it was entirely too dark and the font was too small to read the menu. I think we got the Bleu Martini; talk about strong! It was $24 for two drinks which seems pricey for how much drink you actually got. 

On to the atmosphere. The first thing that struck me is the overwhelming smell of greasy food. Once that subsided, we finally got to get into the music. The DJ was playing great music all night which is why this place got the 3 stars, other than that it was mediocre. There was plenty of thirsty guys though which made it awkward at times. I'd probably come again but I would not make this a regular spot. 

P.s. Two different bartenders charged me two different prices for the same drink. I'd be careful with that.
I'll give this place 3.5 stars. It was pretty cool, and I'm usually tuff being from Brooklyn. It is kinda small in there. It definitely fits a bar category. If it were abigger venue, it would have been way more dope. There were handsome guys/pretty chicks. I didn't see any ratchets and oh gosh was I waiting for them. The bathroom lady was dope. She's from BK too. Ummm drinks weren't badly price especially since this isn't NYC. Oh the dj could've been better. He played the same songs like 5 times 10 minutes a part....that's less than an hr.

I wish they had hookah sighs...

Give it a try!
We went here to start off the night for a bachelorette party and I heavily regret it. We ordered bottle service upon arrival and were kindly seated at the VIP area, since it was early enough and not crowded. Although our server, Jackie, was very nice, she was overshadowed by the other servers and "VIP manager," who was essentially a glorified bouncer on a fun-wrecking mission. 

We kept getting reseated by another server for no apparent reason, other than to make room for guests who weren't there yet until 8 of us were squeezed into a space for about 4 (not that there's a lot of room to begin with). Then, once our bachelorette started dancing in our area, the "VIP manager" repeatedly told her that she needed to sit down and that she was blocking other patrons. She started talking to the other patrons to ask if they minded if she danced (and of course, they said no) and then the "VIP manager" came over again and told her to stop interrupting his patrons! I had to explain to him that they were just talking (there was obviously no aggression expressed between any patrons) and also to come to me with any problems, not our guest of honor! After the "VIP manager" approached us a few more times and the other server told us that we weren't ordering enough bottles fast enough (we ordered about 2 in the span of an hour), the general manager came over to ask what the problem was. She was understanding and said she would have a talk with the "VIP manager," but by that point we'd had enough. 

Stay away from this place if you want to dance, have a good time and enjoy quality service. It seems as though this place is only for the friends of those who work there.
Our friend, my wife & I each had the spicy tuna roll which was very fresh & tasty, the chicken roll was very good. The tempura roll was good as well, could not taste the avocado roll. Pineapple & Island martini's were awesome, this place does not skimp on the quantity of alcohol or the quantity of the beverage, they over flow. My grilled salmon was perfect, mashed potatoes just the right consistency. Chicken wings are very tasty prepared perfect. Spanish fries are spicy with some kick.
I think this is actually a nightly frat party hosted in Olde City.  Your feet even stick to the floor like the real thing!  The women here have their thongs exposed well above their low rise jeans.  The guys vaguely resemble Rico Suave.
First time here,  came during restaurant week. The service seemed kinda slow but was told that the kitchen was backed up due to it being restaurant week. Anyway I had the veggje spring rolls which were very good, sauce just added an extra bang to them! I had the Chilean Sea Bass with Yukon Gold mashed, the portion size for me was perfect, not to much. This is a definite must try dish. All of the drinks are $10 or more. Also if you have room for dessert the cheesecake was real cheesecake, not that fake cheesecake with fruit topping, the fruit was swirled into the cheese cake. Menu prices are comparable to other restaurants in the area.

Anyway the ambience was ok, but not what I expected. After 10pm there is a $10 cover charge to get in, the lights go down, curtains get closed, and music gets turned up LOUD...
I guess they want it to have a club feel. 

Overall the food was worth the wait & I'll definitely visit again.
Stumbled upon this establishment and was persuaded to check it out due to the happy hour ending at 8 PM. I ordered the small Caesar wrap and a bud light. The wrap and fries were phenomenal, but my low rating comes from the overpriced drinks and small-ass tables. I was with five other people, and we couldn't even fit all of our plates on the table at the same time. Our server was also pretty great at first, but as the night went on, she kept checking in on us less and less. Was pretty frustrating to watch her flirt with men at the bar instead of grabbing my party another round of drinks. Additionally, the actual lighting turned off around 8:30 PM, so you needed to use your phone light to even see the menu. 

Overall, average experience at best. Will not be coming back anytime soon.
Disgusting! Seating at the bar and the bus boy just dip used glasses in water and stacked them up for new orders. DID NOT WASH THEM AT ALL! If coming BYOG (bring your own glass)
Hit or miss. The place is always overcrowded and slightly overpriced. Among the other options in the near vicinity,this one is at the top of the list. Be prepared to pay for valet or search for parking.
Every time I've been here I've had a great time. Getting in has never been a problem as the bouncers are sweet men. Yes, the place is usually overcrowded after 11-ish, but what bothers me most is the clientele. The groups that go here, especially towards the beginning of the night around 10-ish are 30+. I would highly recommend this place if you're planning on:
1. going with a group of friends who know how to make men feel like meatcakes
2. getting trashed before or during your experience here
3. having a high roller pay for all of your drinks
I left one star because there wasn't an option for no stars. Went to this club last night and was immediately discriminated against. I watched as my Caucasian friend was humiliated and forced to pay a $30 entry fee due to the fact that he was white. The racist F--- at the door used the excuse that my friend was wearing jogging pants and he should have to pay more. Meanwhile my friends entire wardrobe was personally designed and created by Rick Owens himself. Thank you, because this place is absolute Trash, and is designated for unfortunate, Garbage people so that they can feel part of a class of society that they can never belong.
I went here to grab drinks after going to the bar next door. I have been curious about this place so I thought it was a good opportunity. The drinks were terrible (both nasty and weak). Also the waitress lost my date's credit card. Their policy is to collect cards before your order food so he gave her his card at the beginning of the night. However when it was time to pay, I asked her to charge my card instead. She did and then never gave back his card. Usually I'm understanding because stuff happens but we waited for a half hour while she nonchalantly served other tables and showed no urgency about finding the card since we already paid and gratuity is automatically included in the bill. Finally she came back and told him she recommends that he "calls the bank". I became frustrated because we already paid and they lost his card and no one seemed to care. Every time I tried to wave down a server to talk to the manager, they actively avoided me and even ignored me all together. I never got to speak to the manager and 30 mins later they found the card and we were so upset that we just left.

I would not recommend going here. The atmosphere and music is nice but the service and drinks are bad. Definitely not worth the money or frustration.

They are also very unsanitary. The waitstaff helps the bartender makes drinks and they use their bare, unsanitized and dirty hands to touch all of the cherries and all over the tops of the straws and fruit that go into the drinks. I watched a waitress serve multiple people and touch money and card etc  then reach her hand inside the fruit container and contaminate all the fruit and stuff that people consume.
I took my sister here for her birthday and our visit ended quickly. The only highlight was the dj, who was fantastic. We got some apps, which were unremarkable at best. The drinks were ok; way too sweet for the most part. The kicker though was a creepy guy who claimed to be the owner. He started sending us shots which we kept refusing for fear of being roofied (this guy was seriously creepy). Then he came over with champagne and strawberries, and told us our bill was taken care of, which wouldve been great, except for the fact that there was an obvious creepy agenda. So we thanked him, and said we were getting ready to leave. At that point he started offering us v.i.p., free bottles, food, etc. (at what cost???!!!??) After politely declining his offer, he attempted to take us upstairs (which were private offices or apartments, NOT part of the bar) with promises of illicit drugs and "private parting" . Did I mention how creepy this guy was?? As we all but ran out the door, the bouncer said, "smart girls, get home, be safe!" What an ominous goodbye! I left feeling like we had escaped the clutches of a predator. Gross.
Great drinks ! Never tried their food ! Good touristy place in Philadelphia .. Not expensive drinks compared to NYC but for Philly a little bit pricey ! Servers are excellent ! Gratuities  included in price!
Bleu Martini is a bar / club located on Second in Old City.  The music is a mix of rap / R &B and top 40.  I stopped here for a bite to eat and to catch up with an old friend.  It was difficult to talk as the music was blaring at the max level.  The bar was pretty ded and no one was dancing. First and foremost, we all had to try the martinis.  I had the Espresso Martini and I would definitely get that drink again. It was smooth and you hardly notice the vodka. The food was much better than I was expecting.  We had the calamari, Sweet and Sour Chicken wings and the tuna medallions.  The calamari was cooked just right.  It was simply breaded and the quid was tender.  I really liked the wings- they were fried and coated in some deliciously sweet asian sauce.  I would suggest this bar if you are going to get your groove on.
We didn't try the food.  We showed up around 11pm on a Wednesday night for a few drinks.  We heard the music outside and decided "Why not".

The drinks were drinks...

The place was really cute and they had the blue light on so that was really cool... Better then the pitch black some dance places have in their establishment.

The music was really good.  There were many people dancing.  Looks like a cool Wednesday night college hang out.
Loved it...A group of my friends and I wanted a fun night out and blue martini was definitely the place to go. I'm from New york so 10 dollar drinks didn't bother me especially because they are not cheap with the alcohol. and Free to get in??? whats not to love. I loved the music selection which was a bit of reggae and hip hop and would definitely go out there again
It's a nice place but it lacks appeal for me the staff was not attentive at all, the drinks were watered all the way down and I didn't get a vibe that the food was good. If you go to a spot and the drinks may not be desirable for whatever reason if the food is good...folks gonna be in there eating. I didn't even smell any food. After the watered down drink,  I bought a beer and I departed.Very disappointing .
Stopped in on a Friday night to grab drinks with some friends.  Had one beer and left.  Why? Because I had to pee and the bathroom was absolutely disgusting.  It wasn't even 10pm yet, so it's not like it was a crazy club atmosphere with throngs of wasted people where you would expect to find a nasty bathroom.
In fact, there were five bartenders standing together, arms crossed, leaning against the bar with seemingly nothing to do.  Clearly they were overstaffed.  Too bad they couldn't have someone on staff to clean the bathroom.
Place has potential but it would take a lot to get me to come back. The calamari we ordered was very good and the staff was very nice. My issue is that this is a martini bar (or at least implies it is in its name) and, being a martini drinker, I was pretty disappointed at the lack of care put into making a simple martini. We were 2 of maybe  6 people at the bar and each martini was only shaken twice so served close to room temp. Nothing awful about the place but nothing worth coming back for.
If I could give this place zero, or even better NEGATIVE, stars I would.  We walk in around midnight on a Friday and immediately think...Oh great, theyre playing good music. Lets proceed.  And into this mass of people we enter.  We were trying to find the dance floor and in the process, I unwittingly and UNWILLINGLY became part of a threesome consisting of a (1) bent over-skirt hiked up-butt grinding in (2) my crotch and (3)  some guys crotch, my guy friends got assaulted by the staff who kept shouting "keep it moving!", and my girl friend was fighting off crazy touchy men.  We immediately left, crossed the street, and stood there for 5 minutes to allow all of us to just process what happened.  

Now, you might think that I am just some prissy girl not used to clubs or lounges.  And truly, re-reading my post that does sound like a pretty normal club night.  I wish I was able to explain how grabby the men were and how aggressive the vibe in there was.  There was extreme eye contact, lip licking in my direction, grabbing my hand to dance, and the whole butt grinding experience.  We were in there for 3 minutes at most and I was not wearing a bikini top and short shorts.  Im not sure why anyone would go here.  Well, on second thought, if I was with a bunch of my girlfriends and we were drunk and I was attracted to/was not completely repulsed by the guys in there - that might just be heaven.  However, that was not the case.
This place...eh looks like a restaurant thats separated by 1 wall and not much you can do or dance. It's pretty expensive and the music isn't all that great. I believe it has a strict dress code and there's no dancefloor anyway. The bars are plentiful but the interior is just ugly. It can get crowded fast because the high rollers likes to go there, so you can definitely catch some cute guys there. and that's probably the only good side to it...lol. other that than, i'll pass. The music sucks too...lol
My boyfriend and I went there last week for his birthday weekend. They had good Hip Hop/R&B/Reggae music and a lively ambience on a Saturday night! We danced a lot. However, this place is PRICEY. Just to get in the door it's $20 for guys, $10 for females. Two shots plus a beer cost like $40. We stuck to our tall long islands the entire night, they make good ones there. Also, there's not a lot of place to walk, let alone dance, you have to stay in one place the entire time, because it gets so crowded! I loved my experience but they definitely need a bigger spot.
This is a dinner review for Bleu Martini, just wanted to say that first as many of the other reviews appear to be along the lines of a club/nightlife experience.  We had a $25 restaurant.com gift certificate to use here, so reservations were made for 6:00PM on a Saturday night (we had originally aimed for 7:00 but no reservations were available - this is important later).  We walked in and were taken to a cozy, curved booth right off to the side of the door.  I wasn't really crazy about being right by the door, but let it go.  We got settled in to our booth, which was deceiving, it wasn't very comfy at all or conducive to canoodling with your significant other.  Not to mention our table was extremely wobbly.  We were handed the menus and the specials for the evening - except for the soup, they were out of the butternut squash soup for the night.  Bummer.  

We both ordered two martinis from their extensive list - I ordered a watermelon martini and my date ordered a Red Delicious.  Both were very good, the only bummer was when our wobbly table met my martini glass and it spilled all over the place.  Huge disappointment considering they were $10 each.  Not cheap, the glasses weren't that big and you weren't given a shaker to refill.  

Moving on to the menu.  It's small.  So if you're looking for a ton of options, you are out of luck.  None of the entrees really caught our eye so we decided to get 3 appetizers and save enough room for dessert.  We ordered the shrimp dumplings and spanish fries to start off.  The shrimp dumplings were OK, my date liked them better but that's more of his thing than mine.  The spanish fries were a mixture of regular french fries, sweet potato fries, and sauteed green onions and peppers.  Sounds weird, but it was actually very, very good.  It came with a side of ketchup and this other spicy dip that I wish I knew what it was, it was bangin' with the sweet potato fries!  The perfect mix of savory and sweet.  

We ordered the barbecue chicken quesadilla next and split it.  It came with a small green salad on the plate which was a nice touch.  It had a vinagrette dressing on it, which was very tasty.  The quesadilla was very good... full of chicken and actually quite filling.  We both enjoyed it.

We saved enough room for dessert and ordered the chocolate fondue.  It came with an array of apples, grapes, marshmallows, and creme puffs.  The chocolate was nice and warm, not too sweet and just right.  We finished the whole thing, and I even asked my date if he'd be embarrassed if I licked the bowl.  It was that good!  

During the entire meal, there was an annoying techno dance music playing.  I'm assuming it's the same music they play when it becomes a night club later on?  The place was also dead... at most, there was only 3 tables of people at once, but only one girl working the door and the tables.  Strange.  As another reviewer mentioned, an 18% gratuity automatically added to your bill.  They don't mention it - except on the menu but who remembers that an hour or so later?  And it's not easily identified on the bill.  

Bleu Martini gets the 3-stars mostly for the food and the prettiness of the restaurant overall.  The music, gratuity, overpriced martinis (I mean, really $10?  I know it's Old City but c'mon, they should be at max $8 especially since they don't tell you what vodka is being used, it could be well for all I know.), and limited menu are holding this place back from being much, much more.
It's a shame because the drinks and music were great, but the manager was incredibly rude and the staff were not friendly. 

We went for my sister's birthday, they sat us and we made ourselves comfortable with appetizers, drinks, shots, etc. Forty minutes later we were asked to move because the table had been reserved and they did not offer us any other seating or compensated drinks. Our tab was $250 and they treated us like vagrants. 

I asked several servers where the coat check was, none of them looked me in my eyes and told me to ask the DJ... Which was random and who of course didn't know what I should do with our coats. 

They just need to hire a new manager and staff and the place will be good to go.
i used to like it here- food was average but u could grab a half decent drink and hang out- but now it is one of those lounges that is way to crowded that people try to dance at- it is like a refugee camp during a food drop. i have not been here in over a year and from what i understand it has gotten worst, if anything i would start early here and then move else where, but  in its defense there are worst places to be in old city... *cough* mad river *cough*
20% gratuity automatically added to your check, $20 minimum on card. Lighting is dim and blue. Very cool atmosphere. Shame that everything is so crazy overpriced. $6 lager, wow. $25 hookah. Wings are not buffalo sauce, some kind of weird mix between buffalo and bbq. Service was pretty substandard for a Monday night, both orders of food came out at different times despite ordering the same thing. Server forgot to put in the order, but claimed that it was on its way, then placed it when "trying to check on it."
I am glad that I did not have to pay a cover charge. Bleu Martini is  too small; not enough seating. Bartenders are rude.  The DJ was horrible- only playing one genre. Also, the bouncer staff was too aggressive.
We went to the club across the street,  Plough, it was far better with atmosphere and music. If you're from out of town do not waste your time at Bleu Martini.
eh, this place is okay.  the scene isn't spectacular.  there really isn't anything special about this place.  the floors are truely disgusting.
Been to Bleu Martini on multiple occasions but this was only the second for happy hour.  Martinis are half off!!! Which means this girl got 3 in an hour :)  They are in smaller glasses than normal but still a good deal.  Appetizers are also half off and happy hour begins at 4pm unlike most of the other places in Olde City which begin at 5pm.  Bartender was great- she was very new but knew exactly how to make the drinks.  Shrimp cocktail was good but only 3 large shrimp so I wouldn't advise getting unless hh pricing.  Guy next to me had calamari- said it was good but not as cripsy as he likes so heads up on that as well.  Overall, good value during happy hour.
Came here after leaving Silk City, great music, drinks are nice and strong. Only thing is it gets superbly crowded to a point where you can't move...but I guess it comes with the territory. Whenever I'm in Philly, I wouldn't mind coming back.
Friends and I came in on Christmas for a couple of cocktails. Friend ordered a macallan 12 year. When we got the tab, it was 12 dollars, plus a "4 dollar prep charge" to prep it neat (neat requires no prep, it's literally just the whiskey...). When confronted, I was told that the charge was because it was a double shot. Friend never asked for a doubleshot. No offense, but we don't like being talked down to like we're idiots.
Liked this place a lot. The food was very good and the staff was also very friendly. Be mindful that the tip for whatever party size is included in the bill. It is written in small print but wasn't realized until the CC statement came in.
Single professionals in the age group of late 20s to late 40s with 1:4 women to men ratio. Expensive drinks, no place to move around. The bouncer asked us not to stand near the passage between bar and dining area as we were blocking the way... but there was no other place to sit/stand. Loud music which does not let you have a conversation nor dance due to lack of dance floor. 
The good thing was the decor. It was chic, sleek and stylish. 
I may go there again just for the heck of it.
We all came here for happy hour after lunch. We all ordered drinks at the bar. I ordered a margarita martini. Honestly, it wasn't that great of a taste at all. The customer service from the bartender was not very friendly. Which there was no excuse because the 6 of us in my group and 2 other people were the only ones in the restaurant. I've had better. But despite all of that the decor is really nice inside of here.
The new EDM music totally killed the vibe ....no "hip hop".....?? What is that supposed to mean......came here several times and had an awesome time but we are never coming back
The place has potential. Went for some good hookah but ended up with a waitress with a bad attitude. Keep a lookout for the head waitress. She is very rude and it seemed as if everyone else followed in her footsteps. There may not be a next time ...
Found this place from a sign on the street advertising hookah bar, stopped in thought we might be able to enjoy a nice relaxing hookah sesh. They took a while bit to get the hookah actually out (we were the only ones in the joint) when they finally did bring it out, we took the hose off to (near the mouth piece) and it looked like they had never once cleaned it out. Gunk&grime built all up in the hose.  The bartender constantly blamed the dirtiness on other employees and could not resolve the issue. We ended up just leaving.
Wow... what horrible reviews.  I actually really liked the food/drinks here.  It was overpriced but it wasn't horrible.  There's a lot of pretty people that visit, too.  My party was pretty difficult to deal with and the waitress handled it pretty well.

It does seem more of a night club though... we had dinner there and pretty much had the place to ourselves.  Around 10-11pm, however, there was a line out the door.
