My colleague and I popped into Bluestone for a hot beverage and to get some work done. On a Monday morning, I was surprised to see that the place was fairly bustling. The space is bright and airy - definitely a place I'd consider to be conducive to productivity. 

The servers were very nice and I enjoyed my hot tea, which was served loose leaf with a little strainer. The brunch menu, which is served every day from 8-4, looked really delicious. Definitely looking forward to future visits and brunch almost any time of day!
Pretty obsessed with brunch here. I love the avocado smash with the poached egg! It's filling, has wonderful flavor, and just the right size. The bread they also put it on is amazing. I also had a taste of the gluten free banana bread french toast which was awesome. The wait staff are really nice. I never had any issues with them as some have said and also I was able to use the bathroom right near the restaurant without an issue. I also am OBSESSED with the matcha tea lattes! Although they are a bit small and pricey for the size I really don't care because they are amazing. I get them with a little honey to sweeten them a bit too. Overall love this place and whenever I am nearby I try to stop here. Just a small tip they are card only and do not accept any forms of cash. :)
Let me set the scene. We were on foot looking for a cup of coffee and our Yelp app led us to Bluestone Lane. When we arrived, I was a little thrown off by the computer ordering. I guess this is the future, but we were hoping to find more of an "old-fashioned" coffee shop where we could peruse a menu, chat with baristas and soak in the cafe culture.

It was super busy in there with tons of locals zipping around and using the ordering machines with constant turnover. It wasn't the vibe we were seeking, but one of the servers was kind enough to check us out the "old-fashioned" away. We purchased two organic juices to-go which were delicious. The space seemed cool and very central to a lot of other Philly shopping and attractions. Super clean environment and a big menu of food and drink!
We stumbled into Bluestone lane in search of a pick me up.

This is opposite of your normal coffee stop that's dark and brooding with scholars, hipsters and toddler towing mom side glances as you enter. Don't get me wrong there are still many patrons with heads buried in laptops but the light and airy decor of Bluestone Lane is very refreshing.

Hubs had a double espresso to add additional hair to his chest while I opted for an iced cafe mocha. Both were satisfying and accomplished the caffeine rush craved! I will be returning to check out the avocado smash!
A very attractive, casual, "beach-y" take on the usual urban coffee house. The decor in here is refreshing, and you almost feel as if you could step out the door and wiggle your toes in the sand.
Excellent, light breakfast, brunch, lunch fare, with friendly & caring service. Excellent selection of gluten free pastries, breads, breakfast sandwiches, etc. The OJ is freshly squeezed, and the coffee is moderately strong. It and the cream are served in quirky, and cool, glass carafes.
My Avocado smash on GF bread was by far the best avocado toast I have ever had. Highly recommend it. And you can get a side of bacon or grilled chicken if you like. I didn't, but enjoyed the meatless "brekkie" immensely.
So why not five stars? 
The prices here are just too high for the amount of food you get. Don't get me wrong. Everything here is very fresh and high quality. But you can easily spend $50 on a light breakfast for two here, and still be hungry.
Having said that, I'd still recommend it, and will likely go back. Just don't expect to get an inexpensive bite to eat here.
Ugh this place just makes me angry. I have come here many times since my initial review, wanting to like it. I like their coffee, and I was happy when they finally lowered their prices to a somewhat normal place. However, this concept just doesn't make sense. Sometimes I come in and am told to order at counter and seat myself other times im told its only table service. Since the original opening crew (I assume people brought in to help with opening) left it's been a disaster. So. Slow. It's a coffee shop! I asked for my check and the waitress went to stock the sugars and cups as I'm sitting there literally holding my credit card staring at her. It's a beautiful store, good coffee, reasonable food. My advice is to drop the table service and just be a "normal" coffee shop.
I don't normally write negative reviews but felt obligated to come  on here because the store is just terrible & filthy. The staff is a mix bag of very rude people who act as if somebody had forced them to work there, although a couple of the staff were nice. 

Coffees here are always inconsistent. Some days they taste good while others they taste like watered down $1 coffee for quadruple the price. I really wanted to like this place and kept giving them the benefit of the doubt that maybe they will get better over time. But they just can't seem to get their act together. 

Now what really broke the camels back was the filth in the store ... both the walls & the floors. When I waited around for my coffee and sat down, I noticed my light pants turned black. Then I realized it came from the thick layer of dust on the walls which the store never bothered to wipe down. 

Then to make the experience even worse, there were cockroaches running around this place. 

After that last visit, I won't be going back again.
Awesome coffeeshop in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood. The decor is bright and airy, so it's the perfect place to sit down and get work done. It's usually not too difficult to find seating, even on weekends. Friendly staff and xfinity wifi available! Their drinks and pastries are on the more expensive side, but delicious and well-worth the productivity that ensues!
I was craving Avocado toast this morning and when I yelped where to find that, this place popped up.

Really cute cafe, good amount of seating and their high tops are really comfortable. Saw a ton of people hanging out and some on their laptops so looks like a good place to post up to do work as well.

I ordered a small coffee that they served to me in a carafe-type thing which was really unique and it was really tasty. I also ordered an avocado smash which totally hit the spot. It was on a thick piece of toasted multi grain and had a layer of tahini and a generous amount of avocado, Cherry tomatoes and feta. I wouldn't have minded a few more tomatoes on my toast but it was still delicious and perfectly salted!

This place was exactly what I was looking for this morning and will definitely come back for some more Avocado toast!
This is one of the best brunch places that I've been to in the area service outstanding food spot on and if you like avocados this is your place
Awesome cafe, worth the walk from anywhere in CC. They have most of the drinks you'd expect from a good coffee shop, with a few interesting additions from Australia. Baristas are all really friendly, and obviously enjoy their craft and like talking about it. I usually put sweetener in my coffee, but their house blend has really low acidity and a bright sweet taste. Espresso is also really good; I had the piccolo (cortado) to sample the espresso flavor.

Glad to have this shop in town, after coming to Philly from Australia, via NYC.
The Fitzroy juice was phenomenal, and the Green Baked Eggs was delicious, though it maybe could have used a few more cherry tomatoes to flesh out the flavors in the dish more evenly. Our server was very attentive. 
It's a small but busy place, however it never got loud enough that it interferes with normal conversation. A little pricey for the amount of food, but definitely a great place for brunch meetings.
I sometimes pop in here for a matcha latte but after Sundays experience, I have to immediately express my extreme dissatisfaction towards their turmeric power balls. 

My mom and I stopped in and it cost about $17 for two small lattes and two of these balls. That price is already insane. However in the spirit of a good time, we didn't speak of it until we bit into the turmeric balls. We were both taken over by how unbelievably unpleasant the taste was. We started laughing and competing over who could finish theirs first but finally agreed that it was not worth any of the alleged health benefits.

I don't know, there's likely someone out there who enjoys them because the jar wasn't full. But you couldn't pay me $17 to eat even one again.

Cute spot but overpriced for an unimpressive delivery.
I went in gushing the decor is so cute. I left saying looks are obviously deceiving. An empty shell to say the least. I ordered the larger hot brew of the day and my friend wanted an americano in the 16oz cup the larger hot brew came in. The 'barista' shrugged his shoulders and said it cannot be done. The coffee, the water, the cup is there. It's not as if we were going to be cheap mooches and not pay extra. His attitude from the morning start while getting my morning coffee leaves a bitter taste from the hot brew from bluestone this morning.
As an aussie, of course i'm gonna support this aussie-style cafe.
The coffee is absolutely amazing and i especially love their iced latte. It's a dark roast so it might not be everyone's cup of tea(or coffee ), but i really like it. Really brings me back to the amazing coffee culture at home.
The staff is always super friendly and they even left me a cute message last time :))
All the food that i've tried is also very good - definitely high quality ingredients made fresh), although everything is definitely on the pricier side.
Two complaints: the matcha latte is really bad. don't try it. go somewhere else for matcha this place is for coffee. second one is that WHY DID THEY GET RID OF THE LAMINGTON :(((
We loved this place for breakfast in Philly! Great service and great food! The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars, is because I found it too pricy for 2 people! I paid $50 for breakfast for 2 people which was just 2 of their burritos and 2 lattes! 

The service was great! We didn't know if they were doing outside seating since nothing was put out, but we asked the host and they set up a table for us with heater which was great since it was freezing outside!

The service was pretty quick and the despite the cold, the food stayed pretty hot! What I liked about their menu was that everything was fresh and that they had many different options when it came to milks for their lattes. 

All in all, this is great place to visit if you wanna splurge on breakfast, but I would rather grab a quick coffee from here and be on my way.
A hidden gem in rittenhouse! 

I came at 8 am for Sunday breakfast and beat the crowds! I was able to get an entire table to myself before the restaurant was inundated by the Sunday brunchers. 

I treated myself to a piping hot latte and the gluten banana bread. Best banana bread I've enjoyed to date! It's extremely moist and I asked for extra honey to pair! 

The wait staff is extremely courteous. I was studying while eating and they let me peacefully eat and study for a good 2 hours- no rush, no pressure. 

Lovely atmosphere and I can't think of a better way to kickstart the day!
This place just opened and despite a bright, cheery interior, I can't recommend it. It has three strikes against it: 1.) $3.23 for a cup of coffee is way too high. It's about a dollar more than it should be as compared to its competitors; 2.) they offer no wifi. They say to use the hotel wifi (it's in the lobby of the Radisson Blu Warwick), which requires a password and which they do not have; 3.) they do not have skim milk or Splenda, only the fake Sysco brand, which to me does not taste the same. For crying out loud, if you are going to charge $3.25 for a cup of coffee, at least have the decency to provide proper sweeteners and milk/cream options.

Finally, and most importantly, the coffee is just so-so. Not very distinctive at all.  

Overall, this place fails. Radisson should be ashamed to let their guests/customers get ripped off like this.
This place is so awesome! I pop in for brunch and almost always get the avocado smash with a poached egg and smoked salmon. The portion size is pretty generous and they literally give you enough avocado to serve 4 people. They recently had kombucha on draft and it was a perfect little breakfast. I really do love it there! Definitely a must try brunch/breaky place.
Loooove this place! With everything we already have in Philly, you'd think it would be difficult to open up a unique cafe here where you can order things you can't get anywhere else...but that's exactly what this place has done. Bluestone Lane is extremely popular in NYC and has perfected the super trendy, "did you really eat it if you didn't Instagram it" avocado toast. 

You may think, "Really...$12 for a piece of toast with avocado on it? Gimme a break." But it is so much more than just that. The toast is multigrain and really tasty and then slathered with the most delicious tahini (which is a sesame seed paste). Then, it is piled high with "avocado smash" which is Bluestone Lane's special avocado mixture. YUM it is SO GOOD. It also has sunflower sprouts, heirloom tomatoes, and feta cheese. All very fresh and complements the avocado very nicely. You can also add a poached egg for $2 if you wish. 

The ambiance of this little cafe is so cute and it's kind of separated from the front where you can walk in and order coffee and the back of the cafe where you can sit and order with table service. Also, bonus points because it's nicely decorated with teal and white pillows on the seats for your back.

I ordered the avocado smash (obviously) and a flat white. The flat white was exactly what I expected. It was piping hot with a nice design and had a kind of sweet, acidic taste which I liked. From the time I sat down to the time I got my food it was probably about 6 minutes. They only had one waiter and I sat in the corner so I just got his attention and my food came in no time at all. It didn't seem like anyone around me waited more than 10 minutes for their orders. I know a lot of other reviews on here commented about the wait but keep in mind, this cafe is brand-new and it seems like they've fixed the wait time problem already. Pretty great, if you'd ask me. 

All in all, I gave 5/5 stars for the cute ambiance, amazing avocado toast, yummy coffee, great customer service, and that there was hardly any wait time at all. Will be back again to try the gluten free banana bread!
Bluestone Lane is beautiful coffeeshop in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood. The decor is bright and airy, with plenty of sunlight. The set up is a little awkward; there's some counter seating, but there's a queue to be seated by the staff when you enter the shop. It's not usually too crowded, and there's always seating available, even if it takes a while... But given the set-up, which is somewhere between casual cafe and sit-down eatery, it's not somewhere I would feel comfortable setting up shop to do work for the afternoon. Their drinks and pastries are on the more expensive side in comparison to the other cafes in the area. I recommend the pressed juices; not too sweet but still flavorful!
I just left here 10 minutes ago. I am from out of town and wanted a ricotta toast for the road to the airport. I got in the car and opened it up and it's basically nothing. They forgot to put the ricotta on and the strawberries, which is essentially the whole meal. So I literally have 2 pieces of bread to eat for 6$. What a waste of my money .

Since writing my review, the business owner reached out to me and completely refunded me for the mistake. It was handled very well after the fact, so I'm giving this 4 stars! Thanks Nick!
I want to give it 5 stars but gave it 4 stars.  

The customer service is lacking the warm comfort of the like home design.  The counter guy clearly perkier with selective people.  (We are all biased). The other coffer staff didn't make efforts to look up and greet or welcome people. 

Waited 15mins for avocado toast take out.

I think they made my food...it sat there the chef ate it and 15mins later realized I was standing there waiting for my food.  He made it in under a min.  The chef apologized a few times which made me feel better.  Mistakes happen.

The Avocado Toast taste good.  Simply yet perfectly seasoned and fresh.  Perfect portions and the coffer taste pretty good too.

Great sustainable concept all the paper products were made in the US which I appreciate.

Part of the sustainable concept is that they don't take cash.  They have a nice flyer telling why! (I actually like that part of educating customers too)
Bluestone Lane in NYC is a wonderful place and serves up great food. The Philadelphia location, however, seems to not quite get it yet. Hopefully it'll get better. The avocado smash was served up on store-bought, low-quality wheat bread. Not what the menu indicates. No reason provided by the server. The coffee was, however, as good as always and the space on the inside is nice. Bottom line, if you want a nice place to hang out, grab coffee, and chat with others, Bluestone Lane in Philadelphia should do you well. If you're looking for food, head elsewhere.
When you walk into this cafe, you expect to get the best out of it. It has an amazing location, right on the corner of 17th and Locust. The decor inside is quite lovely with a beachy feeling. 

I stopped by last Sunday to grab something to drink. Once there, I realized that I wanted to try out something from their menu as well. I got the Aussie Baked Bean that came on a hot skillet. It looked very cute but it didn't taste nearly as good as it looked. For me it was flavorless ( no seasoning whatsoever!!). So it came with 2 organic poached eggs, baked beans, arugula and two slices of bread on the side. I have to say that bread was the only thing that tasted good. As a drink I got a matcha latte. This one was very yummy. They used almond milk for it. 

Service - pretty much horrible. My boyfriend ordered a small coffee that apparently they forgot to bring it. I was already done with my latte when we asked the waitress what happened to the coffee order and apparently they had forgot. We went to order at the counter and no server came up to us at all throughout the whole time we sat. Another thing that I didn't like was the whole kitchen idea being in the middle of the cafe. After staying there for more than an hour, I smelled like burnt oil. It seemed as there wasn't any ventilation at all. Basically, this place left me with a "meh" feeling.
Bluestone Lane coffee has been on my bookmarked places to check out for a while now. I heard of them when I was in NYC but I was happy to see that they had some cafes in Philly! I would say this location is weird because it's actually connected to a hotel so bathroom access requires hotel key cards (which are provided by Bluestone) and the wifi is directly from the hotel (the wifi works fine btw). Upon entering, I was asked if I was dining in. I requested that I just wanted coffee and carried on with ordering a small latte. The barista was going to put it in a paper cup, but I requested to have the coffee in a cup since I was actually going to sit here for a while. The first thing I noticed about their latte is that the cup sizing is really small compared to other places I've checked out. The latte was served in a Gibraltar like cup, but I personally thought the latte small. Maybe not worth the almost $4 I paid for a latte. Taste of the drink was fine though.

Anyways, the seating around this spot is nice. There is bar seating around the center as well as individual tables along the walls. Plugs are limited, but I was able to snatch one along the wall seating area. The employees are definitely friendly although there was this one HELLLLA  sassy person working. I think their system of being a café/coffee café is confusing. One can either participate in the typical dine in experience where one sits down with a menu and orders food with a server etc, the other option is just to order coffee in the front and grab a place to chill. 

Their dine in menu looks IG worthy and appetizing, but their prices are ridiculous in my opinion. Their popular dish, the avocado smash, is $10...without any add ons. That's essentially $10 for just an avocado toast?! I might try Bluestone lane again, but this place definitely isn't the best place to get your bang for your buck.
I've come here a number of times for the takeout section, so my review is for my experience with takeout.  I have yet to try the brunch here!

I was a loyal customer of The Coffee Bar before they were taken over by Bluestone, so initially there was a bit of a change...

I really do love their fresh squeezed orange juice, their coffee, bananas and delicious shortbread jam cookies, so delicious!!!   I have also tried the delicious seltzers.

Counter service is very fast, efficient and friendly, they are efficient which is great!  They are cash less, like Sweet Green, our society is heading that way, although I don't mind because I often use my card. Some things are a little expensive there but the quality is excellent!  

I enjoy Bluestone, I respectfully give 4 stars but I hope that I have the opportunity to upgrade to 5!
My love for Bluestone Lane is absolutely unreal - I'm basically an unofficial brand ambassador for them. I've introduced so many people to Bluestone + everyone has loved it so far - I love spreading the love and the magic!

This place is the ULTIMATE spot. In terms of everything. An exceptional menu, with amazing tasting food, great drinks, awesome ambiance and vibes and music and service and everything. Just everything. The design inspires me, the space awakens me, the coffee and food stun me. I always leave waiting for my return. There's an awesome app. Their Instagram is fun. The brand is really just so alive, and it wraps me up in it. The imagery/branding/marketing is so fantastic.

This review sounds really dramatic, but that's just how much I love it. I had been to the locations in New York but was SO thrilled when it came to Philadelphia.

Favorites on the menu include: iced coffee, avocado toast (with poached egg on top!), smoothie bowl, green baked eggs. I want everything on the menu though - I'm on a mission.

Literally the ONLY con I can think of is: no WiFi. If there were WiFi, I'd literally be in there every single day.
Can you yet a better cup of coffee? Nope coke here and be delighted. Gave them the flat white test and they won!
Ordered a water and coffee and ended up waiting for fifteen minutes despite the fact I was one of the only people in the store. The barista messed up my order twice and ended up charging me twice the amount for it, all while displaying a lack of enthusiasm or even general interest. Will not be returning.
Awesome cappuccinos here! 

The red baked eggs were also pretty great for breakfast/brunch - kind of like a shakshuka. The ingredients were very light and fresh, but it could use a touch more flavor or spice!
Such a cute little cafe to start your day at! Good, strong coffee and a menu with delicious veggie options. I had a veggie skillet that was perfectly proportioned - no weigh-me-down breakfasts here. I'm a fan of natural flavors and this place offered an abundance of those!
Relaxed friendly atmosphere with tasty breakfast choices perfectly balanced.
The kind of choices that taste hearty, but also feel "clean"; not greasy.
Cappuccino was perfect. Just an excellent place to have a not-too-formal breakfast to start a great day.
So glad we finally got to this place. 
Even though it was quite crowded, the service was still good and quick. One of the servers seemed a bit out of it and distracted, but I'll say the other servers's efficiency made up for it. I'm just glad that this isn't one of those places where only one server is assigned to your table. 
The food was awesome. We tried the Piccolo. I usually don't drink lattes, but this was awesome as I did not want anything strong. 
I can't wait to go back again!
Great little breakfast place! I loved the setting, cute skillet with eggs and veggies and earl grey tea was served in an adorable handled cup. Food was fresh and hit the spot!
No complaints here at Bluestone Lane! It was the perfect place for my friends and I to catch up after a few months : ) 

The lemon ricotta pancakes and BL burrito were yummy for sure! Definitely not the best of each that I've had but just enough to keep me satisfied. This place is a mixture of a cafe and sit-down restaurant so they focus on breakfast-like foods. 

What I loved the most about my time here was our service actually! The staff were so attentive, friendly, relatable, and overall just down-to-earth people and they made my meal with my friends just that more lovely.
Well, the service was (mostly) polite??

For a very bland salad bowl (for which they forgot the poached egg), two tiny pieces of Lamington cake, two golden lattes, a dry sandwich with bad, pre-frozen chicken tender cutlets, and a very unspecial yogurt granola bowl, we ended up spending over $60 before tip (we always leave tip at the jar, even if it's a fast-food type cafe). 

We ended up ordering a banana bread loaf to go, and when we got home, we realized we paid roughly $13 for two small pieces of banana bread, a tiny bit of honey, ricotta cheese, a walnut, and one cut-up strawberry. Banana bread was good, but $13? We were told by the cashier that it would be a "loaf", but it ended up being two very small pieces. 

The cafe itself is also fairly dirty, and we had to end up switching tables as soon as we came in because the silverware tucked into the napkin on our table had a long black hair in it that wouldn't come out, no matter how hard the cashier tried to clean it up when she brought out my salad. 

I would definitely skip this place as it's overpriced and the uncleanliness really grosses a person out before they eat their meal. It's a shame, because I was really excited about trying it out after looking at their beautiful website (the menu on the website is DIFFERENT than the one at the cafe, so beware) and even paid a parking garage nearby so I could eat here.
Wanted to try this coffee shop out today. The atmosphere was cute and it was decorated nicely. Unfortunately, after waiting at the counter for 8 minutes without anyone bothering to acknowledge me or take my order I decided to leave. I have worked in food service before and have no problem waiting to order or be served. I would just like some recognition that I am there, especially when there is no line. I will not being going back. Too bad.. I was excited to try it..
Believe me, I was rooting for Bluestone. After my previous review in regards to the piccolo coffee, I decided to give the food a try. I asked for vegemite + avocado smash. I asked for extra cherry tomatoes on top. The nice guys over the counter told me it came with cherry tomatoes. Did not say anywhere in the menu (under the toast section). And I pointed to what I wanted on the menu, not sure how that could be misleading. They asked if I wanted feta, I said no. They asked if I wanted tahini, because it comes with it. I thought tahini, feta, avocado together? That goes my macro allowance! (Just joking). I was worried and overwhelmed that my humble vegemite and avocado has turned out to be this gigantic monster spread. I gave it a go. I didn't complain, I'm no chef, I'm sure they know what they are doing. I got back to the hotel and I was gobsmacked! I had a piece of toast that was half vegemite on one side of the bread and tahini on the other, topped with very unriped avocado. For vegemite eaters, we know that we don't smack a lump of vegemite on bread, it is served sparingly with some sort of fat; butter more commonly or avocado. I was frustrated that I got a blob of Vegemite on one side and tahini on the other, ( you (can see the division on that piece of toast), it became inedible (I'm sorry if that sounds rude). 

The thing is that I came to Bluestone to have my regular brunch fix to feel at home. Although I was happy to go somewhere else to have brunch, but when a cafe claimed to serve Vegemite and piccolo I expect them to do it correctly, I don't think that's a lot to ask. My suggestion, take off piccolo and call it Cortado, I'll accept that. Makes everything easier. I have given this place lots of tries at different times of the day but they failed to deliver. 

For the 6 weeks I've been in downtown Philly, I have been having Americano and Cortados like a local and I don't mind it as it comes out exactly how it's suppose to. 

Believe me, I was rooting for Bluestone. I really want to like them but not this trip.
Stopped in here while attending a conference. The avocado toast was perfect and I added an egg which was cooked as ordered.  The had gluten free options as well.
This place just opened yesterday and I went in just hours after opening their doors. They redecorated really nicely from the previous coffee shop. Light bright and inviting with a to go counter and a back seating area to sit down and order some food. I had a "magic" which is espresso drink with very small amount of steamed milk, served in a small cup. Delicious! As it was opening day things were a by chaotic but the staff was super friendly. 

My only complaint would be it feels a bit confusing where to go to just order to go coffee when you walk I - they may want to better carve out that spot as it kind of felt like I was ordering from a side counter at a restaurant instead of getting coffee at a coffee shop. Can't want to come back and try some of the food! Avocado toasts? Yes please!
The menu is full of fresh, healthy options like the green egg bowl and avocado toast. My friend and I each ordered the green egg bowl, which was pretty good. The chimichurri sauce was lacking.

This place was perfect for a bright, sunny day. The restaurant is surrounded with big windows that let in plenty of sunlight and the white and light blue decor remind me of spring.
The year is 2021 -- I am giving with the whole "new year, new mindset" sort of thing, and stumbled upon this hidden gem  on Yelp. I love their concoctions of different drinks and so because I usually experience a lot of inflammation I decided to try out the iced golden latte with a shot of espresso. I am not one for the hype but believe it or not it was really good! And with all the COVID restrictions I know you can't go inside the location but happy to know that it was a safe pickup! Staff is super friendly and made sure I got all that I needed for the on the go life.
*WOULD RECOMMEND*

This cafe is such a cute place to grab coffee or breakfast. Located inside the Warwick Rittenhouse Hotel, the cafe is spacious with indoor and outdoor seating available. I love the clean, minimalist aesthetic of the cafe. Every table has a QR code that pulls up their menu and ordering site so you can order and pay directly on your phone. The menu is health focused with a lot of nutritiously balanced dishes full of greens, proteins, and carbs. Although their food menu is not large, everything looks really good and in reality the food also taste good. Definitely one of the few foods healthy foods that I've had that also taste good Their drinks menu on the other hand is quite extensive and similarly, they all look good too. Price wise, everything was very reasonable. 

*BREAKFAST*
Beet latte - the name says it all. It  was my first time trying a beet drink of any sorts and you can definitely taste the beets in this. It taste pretty good.

Green baked eggs - Shakshuka-style baked eggs dished. Although it came out in a relatively small cast iron, this dish was filling. The chimichurri made the dish quite flavorful, not bland at all. I love the runny over easy style eggs. Solid mix of greens, proteins and carbs. 

*VERDICT*
I would definitely come back again. Great place for healthy conscious eating
I wanted to love bluestone lane, but my first experience (delivery take out) sort of fell flat. 

What I ordered: Green baked eggs -
With Chimichurri being a focal point, or at least a menu mention, I envisioned layers of flavors throughout every bite, but that wasn't the case. To be honest, not sure I tasted any Chimichurri at all, or salt nor pepper. Overall the dish lacked flavor. The feta cheese was yum, but there wasn't enough of it. Only on the top of the eggs, with most of it ending up as spillover stuck to the aluminum tray the eggs are baked in. 
The toast served with the entree was the highlight for me. I added a side of avocado to my green baked eggs, and just made my own avo toast as the eggs left a little to be desired. 

I'm still open to trying out a dine-in experience at Bluestone lane, but I'd definitely order something 
else.
I enjoy coming here, with the yummy pastries, fresh tea, nice beverages, etc.  I haven't tried most of the sit down meals but when I did sit down to order with a friend, the service was slow and the waitstaff forgot about us.  

The cafe has a good concept of healthier food options, but the prices are too expensive.  I paid over $4.50 for a large hot tea, and that is too steep, pun intended.  I think for that price, I'll stick with my Starbucks tea for about $3, and at other cafes, I am never given a hard time about double cupping or a beverage sleeve, like I often am here.  For $4.50, I would appreciate more friendly service.  

Again, I really do like the idea of this cafe, it seems nice and cute, and I would like to go there, relax, read a book, but I hardly ever feel that it's inviting or warm.  

I feel that yesterday a situation left me upset.  I knew what I wanted to order, and I kept waiting to order, the people ahead of me couldn't decide and kept thinking about what they wanted.  I was in a hurry to an appointment and I finally said, "I know what I want, I'm ready to order"- the manager said "well there's a line" and I feel like by keeping me waiting, that could have been handled better, if someone else took my order, but alas, the service was slow again...

I hope that they can hire more people and that they can have a better, more efficient customer service experience.  It's a cute cafe with good potential.
This place is just OK. I wanted to like this place because the location is great, space is cute, and provides a great healthy brunch option. However, the food is simply underwhelming. 

Ordered a rainbow bowl which consisted of a colorful arrangement of veggies (spinach, corn, avocado, quinoa, etc) and a side of yogurt tahini as well as a chicken sandwich. The rainbow bowl was filling because of the quinoa and avocado, but definitely lack flavor and certain items seemed to be an afterthought. For example, there were 2 pieces of feta cheese in the whole dish - not enough to actually give it any flavor profile, but still there. The chicken sandwich was probably the greatest disappointment as it was extremely bland in flavor. It was lacking some citrus to make the flavors stand out. 

I also ordered the matcha latte which was also lacking in match flavor and had chunks of powder towards the bottom. And it came at a hefty cost of $5.40. 

If you want a healthy option and are okay with spending a little more, it's not a bad option to try. Don't forget to download their app to save $5 on your first order and accrue points/discounts.
Solid 4 star place. Went in after a night of *maybe* too much drinking, and the breakfast sandwiches and ricotta toast were exactly what we needed. Absolutely no complaints about the food.

Our waiter was super nice, and we had a kind of funny interaction. I was feeling a little, let's say, queasy from the previous night's drinking and inquired as to whether they had ginger ale. He said, "We don't carry soda, we prefer to stick to the healthier side here." My husband proceeds to order a coffee off the menu that is literally just coffee with two scoops of ice cream in it. Unfortunately the ice cream was actually out, so my husband had to miss out on this healthy treat. :)

I personally didn't really like the iced coffee we both ended up having, but again the food was great. Service was good too, pretty quick even though the place started filling up after we sat down.

It's also a little pricey for what it is, but that's true of a lot of the places we checked out in this area.

Overall I recommend it(especially if you're staying at the attached hotel, can't beat the convenience), but if you want something with better coffee and a larger selection and have a little extra time, I might suggest walking over to Plenty Cafe instead.
Popped in here because of the good reviews but I was unfortunately disappointed. 

Things started off ok. I waited to be seated, waiter told me to feel free to sit anywhere. I sat at a small table since it was just me and was trying to be considerate of other larger parties that might come. 
The waiter brought me a menu and after a few minutes asked me if I wanted anything to drink...yep. I wanted a latte. Then he just took away the menu before I could say anything else. "Excuse me, in sorry, but could i get back the menu to have a look at your lunch options?" I felt bad because he was clearly embarrassed. I eventually went with the avocado smash with prosciutto...I would say, skip the prosciutto, definitely not worth the extra $4 here. Although it was only one slice of bread with avocado on top, it was quite filling and the tomatoes were fresh and lovely. 

I am not sure what happened to the staff during my meal but it seemed like everyone disappeared except the cashier. No one came to check on me during my meal or after. No one came to ask if I needed anything else (I really did want some dessert). In the end I just got up, put my menu in a tray where I saw some others and went to cashier to pay for my meal. Maybe this is just how it is here, you're sort of left alone after they bring the food but I wasn't expecting it. So awkward. 

Otherwise, my latte was great and the vibe of this place is nice (the modern low pop music is a plus). Also, this place doesn't accept cash.
Drink was great, burrito was great. There is one of these in downtown DC that I frequent. I love the ease of online ordering and it's sitting waiting for you in the cute little cafe. BUT if you order takeout, your food will be ready immediately. I put that I wanted mine for 11am and it was made right after I placed my order at 10am so just be mindful of that.
They have some great tasty healthy options to choose from. I'd go back to try other items on the menu. 
Great location too!
Amazingly cute atmosphere. Remarkably weak coffee. 

**If you have a nut allergy, ask about the matcha tea because it uses almond milk and that wasn't clear.
Brandon is the king of latte art. Totally made my morning! They have Saratoga spring water here... Always a good choice. Open at 6:30am on weekdays. Nice and quiet atmosphere. You can get your coffee to go or they have ceramic mugs if you want to stick around. Definitely better than Starbucks!
I just left here 10 minutes ago. I am from out of town and wanted a ricotta toast for the road to the airport. I got in the car and opened it up and it's basically nothing. They forgot to put the ricotta on and the strawberries, which is essentially the whole meal. So I literally have 2 pieces of bread to eat for 6$. What a waste of my money
My wife and I stopped in on New Years day. We were greeted by pleasant staffers and a bright- and quite unique -interior design (take that, brown rustic with over-hyped edison lamps!). 

Our Americanos were just great.

We were even treated to a tasty Aussie bakery item (yum). 

Thanks again to the wonderful young manager who shared a window seat with us, and treated us like royalty, despite our small purchase. This gentlemen has worked hard to bring a winning new (and different ) coffee theme to Philadelphia- and I hope our town rewards him for his hard work and imagination.

Good luck Bluestone,

We'll see you again soon.
Coffee here, fantastic.

That's the best part of this place. It's a great coffee shop to come to for a conversation or just bringing your laptop to get some work done. There's plenty of seating right by windows too if you want to get some people watching in too with a cup of joe. 

Now with that said, both the service and the food have room for improvement. First time here I had the smashed avocados and it's a bit bland. For an Australian cafe, that has to be the thing that you get right and the service on this visit was a fantastic. The server got our order quickly, was accommodating when I asked questions, and didn't seem annoyed when I changed my coffee order last minute as He was inputting I'm the order. Second time here I got the breakfast sandwich and that was much better but the service was lackluster. I constantly had to keep asking for basic things, including our water refills and our bill. Both times were during about the same time of the day and the place was less than 30% packed.
Cute decor and nice staff, but I can't ignore the quality of the meal I had here.  

I tried the cashew butter and honey on fancy bread.  I believe it was supposed to come with roasted seasonal fruit, but just had a few blueberries and a strawberry on top.  I had two points of frustration with this meal:  The first was that the honey was drizzled all over the food and the plate, so as a diner I had to choose to either get honey all over my hands or to battle cutting the bread.  (I started to cut, then gave up and had sticky fingers.)  The second was that it looked and tasted as if it was pre-made or had been sitting out for awhile.  Maybe I'm wrong, but that's the sense I got.  

If you're looking for a nice-looking place to sip on a coffee and get some work done, I think Bluestone Lane would do the trick.  Food-wise, I would definitely choose something different next time.
Oh, this place is a foodie's dream! Right as you walk in, the smell of sizzling bacon greets you in the quaint cafe. Everything on the menu looked amazing! I don't even remember what I got, I ate it so fast! It was DELICIOUS! It was a egg and bacon sandwich with pickled onions, jalapenos, feta, and likely some sort of sauce. I also got a coffee and the lovely banana bread. Everything was to go, fast, super neat packaging that left my sandwich perfectly intact for inhaling. Overall, probably my new favorite Philly brekkie spot!
I have a slight obsession with brunch. If I could have brunch for breakfast, lunch, and dinner - I would. With that said, let me continue:

Came here on a weekday morning for, you guessed it - brunch! For a Friday morning, it was pretty busy but we ended up waiting only about 10 minutes. We shared the avocado smash and chocolate croissant and ordered 2 chai lattes. The loose leaf chai latte was served with soy milk and its own filter, so I was able to pour as I pleased and made it much more fun to drink. The croissant was crispy and the avocado toast was filling. I wish the toast could have been warm but maybe that's not how avocado toast is served? Still delicious though. I wasn't daring enough to try the matcha or beetroot latte this time, but definitely next time. 

They recently went cashless so you pay at the table via an iPad and can easily split between cards. Not sure why it's only 3.5 stars because my friend and I loved our meal here and will most definitely be back.
I've been in everyday while on this trip. The coffee and food is great, and the hospitality is even better. Plus, I want to decorate my house in their decor. Stop on in and enjoy the good vibes from the barristas, coffee, and atmosphere!
This place is OK. The space is beautiful and the location is great! I've stopped in for hot beverages and a small breakfast pastry, but would be interested in trying out their brunch items. They offer a small selection of simple/trendy things like yogurt/granola, avocado toast, baked eggs, soup, and sandwiches. 

Coffee is generally good. I just recently came in for a matcha latte, which was also tasty. The only thing is that the latte was on the tinier side and set me back $5.40. Probably an item to try no more than once a year. 

Service was all right - nothing wrong or noteworthy. The ambience and bright, open layout are probably what will bring me back here occasionally.
This place was so basic it hurt. Caters to the bouschey rittenhouse crowd. Beachy theme for Australia I guess?? Avocado toast and breakfast bowls, which were, obviously filling. The service was terrible. I spent most of my time waiting for someone to fill my tables's water jug (which didn't happen), and THEY DONT TAKE CASH. They're a coffee shop that doesn't take cash. Attached to the Warwick hotel so be warned.
Great coffee, brunch options and friendly staff! I highly recommend the golden latte and avo smash.
Here are my thoughts. I live in Center City and have for years. I'm a half-block away from this location and pop in 7-10 times a week. If you remember the place that was here before, The Coffee Bar, then you would know that this place is an upgrade. 

First, let's talk about how it is one of the very few places you can get quality Matcha tea in the area. For a big city like Philly, this is kinda sad. Also, the menu isn't built for people who want to sit down and eat 3 plates of bacon. Little Pete's, which is also amazing, is across the street for that. This menu has quinoa, avocado toast, eggs, granola, etc. They have a ton of gluten-free options as well. The coffee menu has flat whites, black and whites, long blacks, piccolos, etc. It is just very different than what is in Philly right now. And I think that is a good thing.

The ambiance is much better than before, too. The place is bright white and well-lit. When it first opened of course there were kinks to be worked out. That is everywhere. Federal Donuts, Double Knot, and other spots I've been to have all had hiccups when they started. For me, it was them running out of things I wanted to order. Since then it hasn't happened, and I'm guessing because they nailed down their sales. 

Lastly, I have seen some complaining about price. And that's what compelled me to write this review. I assume that if you can leave a Yelp review, then you can look up prices online. Or better yet, on the menu when you're in the store. If you don't want to pay for organic avocado on gluten-free toast with an organic egg then don't do it. Again, you're paying for organic and gluten-free. It's not cheap anywhere. 

I think it's fitting that Bluestone Lane is situated between Parc and Little Pete's. Not cheap delicious diner food and not overly expensive French cuisine. Something in the middle. For those of us who live in the neighborhood, this option is not only welcome but much-needed.
Great breakfast sandwich, cool atmosphere connected to Warwick hotel.
Perfect Saturday morning. Came at 9:45am and there was no wait. My best friend and I were looking to start our ladies' weekend with a happy, healthy breakfast. 

The turmeric latte I've had here before was amazing; we ramped it up and each got the Wellness Flight (golden, matcha, and beetroot lattes). So beautiful. 

Food: Brekkie Board and Pea and Mint smash. Some of the most healthy and satisfying food - it makes you feel good! Happily surprised at the pea and mint flavor combination. 

Atmosphere - lively and bright, but low-key enough to feel okay with a book and coffee (for a little while). 

Love it here!
Food is good. Had a recent bad experience with the service. Waitress snapped at us for asking for the check
I loved the cafe design! Bright, nice colors, great accessories. Made me feel good!
Service was fast and nice. Food (avocado smash and green eggs bake) were very 
tasty and fulfilling, cappuccino was relatively good. And it was right in the hotel we stayed in. Maybe a little expensive to eat every day but was ok for once in a while.
Cute spot from decor to food/drink presentation.  Prices on food area little high for what you get, but the attention to detail and favors account for that.  Good seating and well lit space to get some work done!
Dropped by to grab a small snack and cappuccino after visiting the nearby Curtis Institute of Music. Very unfriendly server at the cashier but cappuccino was good. 
This is a cashless establishment. You can only pay with a credit or debit card but of course you can leave the tip in cash. 
Plenty of good coffee shops around the area and probably won't go back due to the unfriendly cashier.
This place is delicious but a bit pricey, expected for a meal in Center City. 

I'm vegan and they're always able to accommodate me. I love to order their Classic Avocado Toast (with no feta). Its served on delicious thick bread and topped with luscious avocado, tomatoes and sprouts. It's super tasty! Their beetroot latte (with almond milk) is also sweet and indulgent. For a little treat, my brother and I love to share the Cashew Butter Toast. The cashew butter tastes like icing and it's topping with fresh fruit.

Great light brunch! Definitely check this place out.
Bluestone Lane is one of two breakfast restaurants attached to the Warwick Hotel.  

I went to breakfast here one day.  I had the coffee which was amazing. It was great.  I had the two eggs with spinach in a pan.  It was blah and not filling at all and the food disappeared when cooked.  I had to order a piece of bread otherwise I would have been famished.
Very good coffee, and a choice of a couple different non-dairy milks. My avocado toast was pretty good, but I would have preferred the bread to be toasted more, as the avocado made it slightly soggy. I liked the tomatoes and egg (optional) on my toast. Cute decor. Helpful waitstaff. I feel they could use better ventilation, as my clothes and hair smelled like the grill when I left.
Bluestone lane provides an atmosphere that is different than most coffee shops in the city. With it's decor, layout and menu options, hopefully there is something here for you! I decided to give this place another try because most people disagreed with my first experience I had there - and I'm glad I did. Contrary to my previous review, their outlets work so you can set up shop and get some studying/work/personal stuff done, they do have free wi-fi (just ask a waiter/waitress for the info) and they do have great healthy menu options.

What must be said - Their Iced Chai is SO GOOD. Forget starbucks, this is where you want to go for a great summer drink. I also had the Healthy start bowl which was PERFECT after a sweat sesh at soulcycle. While this place is on the pricier end - it's fitting that it's in Rittenhouse and at least your body and mind will thank you for the visit.

The service is also pretty great - employees are super friendly and help brighten your day!
I really can't say much more of substance other than I really enjoy this place (I'm there nearly every day) and that it's EASILY my favorite place to start my day for breakfast. It's really difficult to find healthy but filling breakfast food here in the city and Bluestone has a few great options that really have made my mornings just that much better. I generally go for the eggs with baked bean dish and have them put a side of avocado smash in it...it's never let me down. The teas they have are really great and the servers and staff are really great people to talk to vs just be served by (small distinction but makes the biggest difference on a daily basis). You really can't order wrong either, so I'd highly recommend it. ONE word of "advice" to those going, this is much more of a restaurant that happens to be a coffee bar than the other way around...so when planning your timing (fresh food always takes longer than pre-packaged goods obviously), treat it as such and you'll have a fantastic start to your day as well.
Had an awesome cup of iced coffee! A little bit pricey, but this was top notch and the service was very good. Loved the atmosphere in the shop as well. Only got a drink, but the bites and food looked tasty as well. Plan to be back!
I loved this place. I came in to get a few homework assignments done. Originally I thought it was just a coffee shop but a waiter gave me a menu. I figured why not, I'm already here and I barely ate breakfast that morning. I had a delicious toast with avocado and smoked salmon and a decaf ice coffee with ice cream inside. Yum. I will definitely come visit next time I'm backed up with homework
Cute little cafe just off of Rittenhouse Square       that has a bright airy, almost country kitchen, feel to it. Only tried the coffee this visit, so cant comment on the food. They offer the standard variety of coffees (cortado, latte, cappuccino, etc). It was late in the day, so I went with the 12oz "Long Black," which is just an Americana. The coffee was bold and flavorful with no cream or sugar used. The short one block walk to Rittenhouse makes this location a very convenient stop on the way to the park.
Came here excited by all the foodie pics i had seen, but left disappointed. 

1. It is a coffeeshop but i didn't see any signs regarding wifi.
2. Ordered avo toast with a poached egg + 20% tip and i spent $20...and there was nothing "unique" about it... WAY OVERPRICED
3. There is only 1 outlet that works

I could recreate that meal just as well at home for way less.. sigh
I first discovered this place when I came back from Australia. I was so happy to find vegan lamington (my fave Aussie dessert) that really mimicked what I had in Sydney. They also make yummy matcha and golden lattes. Beware: they don't accept cash, so be prepared to do tap pay or credit.
Really like the atmosphere here. Great for a low key lunch or coffee, or meeting up with friends. Coffee is also good!!
This is a great space for brunch or breakfast. The avo smash is delicious and the granola looked very tasty. The baked beans and eggs were okay, although I found them a bit metallic. I've been to a few in New York and was a bit shocked to see that the prices were the same here in Philly, but that wouldn't stop me from returning.
Went here for a quick cold drink. Got the chai latte. It was a tad sweet but still good. I thought the staff was nice. It's weird that they don't seem to have sit down seats without wait staff. Why do I need to have wait staff for a cafe that mostly only serves drinks?
The look of place was just adorable. Reminded me of the shore with the light blue, gold and white colors.

The matcha latte and chai tea latte were great. But even though they are the same price, you get 2 servings of the chai latte compare to 1 of the matcha latte. Also, a weird little thing, the hot drinks were served in water glasses as opposed to mugs. Was a bit odd since the drinks were so hot and without having a handle, we had to hold the drinks by the rim which was not ideal lol. 

I got the Avocado Smash with heirloom tomatoes with some additions that were each extra (poached egg and prosciutto). The sandwich was fantastic!!!!!! Worth getting the add ons. Only note I will make is that if I were to get it again, i would request no green heirloom tomatoes (very bitter). Other than that, it was almost perfect.

We also got the Moroccan Chicken sandwich which we would also recommend. 

Note this is a no cash only. So if you want to add tip, you have to do it while paying with the card of have the exact cash amount to tip.
If I could leave a no star, I would--that's how bad my experience at this place was. After, realizing we hadn't received our breakfast order after 25 minutes, we inquired with the waitress about its status. After being there for over 45 minutes without our breakfast we decided to leave because it was taking way to long to be acceptable. The waitress and the cooks didn't even seem to be bothered at the fact that they had obviously messed up and that the food was taking WAY WAY WAY too long. There were 2 other tables seated about 20 minutes after us who received their food promptly, maybe 10 minutes after they ordered, but for us after 50 minutes waiting there was no way we were staying. The waitresses were completely oblivious to customer service and had no idea how to handle the situation.
Very pricey for what you get. Got the avocado smash for $13? And it was basically just toast with avocado. The avocado mix did not have any other flavor than avocado. Was hoping there'd be some garlic, chili, lime, or even salt, but nope. Non existent. The bread was good tho. It did not fill me up at all for lunch and sometimes the good service can be a hit or miss. I now just make my own avocado sandwiches and for $13, I can make about 6 of them lol.
What a waste of time. Stayed at adjoining Radisson hotel and went to Bluestone Lane for breakfast before our catching our flight. After waiting 45 minutes for toast and poached eggs we couldn't take it anymore. The staff didn't seem bothered or interested in the fact that we had been waiting so long. Kept saying the kitchen was slow, but customers who came in after us had already received there food. Gimme a break!  The worst
The wait staff is a little rude. They seem like they always have something better to do even when the place is not busy. A smile goes a long way!! Or just a short friendly conversation!
I've always wanted to try this cafe and on my first trip to Philly I finally got the chance! The cafe is light and airy with a healthy and refreshing menu. The staff is very welcoming and the food is delicious! Best breakfast spot in Rittenhouse Sq!
Stopped in for late breakfast. Everything was delicious from the coffee, fresh fruit, yogurt, homemade granola. My friend had the gluten-free banana bread and was thrilled! It was delicious, very generous serving with fresh fruit, nuts and a dollop of ricotta cheese. Service was also really good and the place is so cute & light inside! The mains were bit pricy for a quick breakfast/brunch. We had smaller dishes but servings were super generous.
It opens for brunch before 10 which sets it apart from the other brunch places in Philly. The food is satisfactory but generally lacks flavor. Must add salt. The portions are small to medium in size. I recently ordered a poached egg and it came hard boiled. This is inexcusable for a breakfast place.

P.s. They need more high chairs. Not enough available.
I come here every Sunday, and while I've never been wowed by the service, it's a decent cup o' joe convenient to my weekly appointment, so I keep coming back. After today, I don't plan to return... I walked into the cafe and there was no one in line, so I walked right up to the counter. The tall male behind the register, who is almost always behind the register, didn't acknowledge me at all. Then a female employee asked for a cup of ice, for herself, from across the room -- which he got for her. He slams the cup of ice down, then he looks to me, somewhat exasperated and says, "What can I get you?" I say, "Hi, I'd like a small iced coffee", and I pull my credit card out to pay. He said the price so quickly and quietly that I didn't hear him and asked him to repeat. He said $3.78 as he was filling a cup with ice for my coffee. Now, I have to admit,  I was a little shocked at that amount, this place has the ambiance of a chain, so I said, "Ohhh.. no, I don't want that anymore. What do you ha ---" Before I finished my sentence, he had already thrown the ice back into the bin, and stormed off! Like he was upset that I didn't want to pay $4 for a cup of iced coffee... [as a former barista, I know nobody reeeally wants to pay $4 for a cup of iced coffee, and that's ok - it's not a reflection on you - got it, dude?] I stood there, with my mouth literally open, credit card in hand, expecting him to return - which he didn't. I couldn't believe he had walked away as I was trying to order something else! Suffice it to say, I'll go to PS&Co or even Starbucks (gasp!) if I need coffee in the future. I really don't like writing bad reviews, but this was too ridiculous not to.
Terrific food ( bacon & egg roll, banana bread)! Excellent coffee drinks. Stinky attitudes. Workers do not appear happy, some poor attitudes. Maybe it's just that I'm from the Heartland. This could be just the regional attitude? Again, this did not reflect on the products. Will return.
In town for some business. Just tried their breakfast. It was delicious. Loved the presentation and the taste. Perfect place to have breakfast. Today was a rainy day and  the classic music playing made it an even better ambience.
Great place to catch up with a friend during the week. Really difficult to find a table on a Saturday or Sunday morning. The cappuccinos are beautiful and the food is delicious! Only downfall is the price. $20+ for a Cappucino and toast, say what?
I really wanted to like paying $10 for a tiny portion of Granola and avocado toast but the people were rude. It was our first time here So not sure how the seating worked and walked up and politely asked if we could grab a seat and we were snipped at to let us know that they were on a wait and to please stand over there. I said no need and we would we takeout and then the people right behind us came in and took the seats we were eyeing without talking to the hostess. Granola was good but apparently not the same with manners. Oh well. 

Update***
We tried this place again and had a much better experience. The manager, Kurt, was extremely thoughtful and courteous and helped up to get seated as quickly as possible. This time we tried two of their entrees which were great and tried the cold brew and a latte. All good- we'll be back
Before stopping here make sure you check out the menu first. I decided to drop in because hey it was right there anyways. I ordered a coffee & decided to dine in. The price on the board (menu) was different from the price they charged me. Not sure if it is because I dined in. I didn't order any food after looking at the lunch menu. Options are limited, and nothing really seemed too appetizing, so do your research before dropping in! I do have to say the service was good.
I've been here twice now, both times just to have a drink and get a little work done.  Despite the coffee house vibe, this place really is more of a restaurant, which functions as a coffee shop during off-peak hours on weekdays.  At 3:00 on a Saturday, people were still coming in and ordering off the brunch menu, and music was on full blast.  Food-wise I've only tried the lamington (dry) and one of the protein balls (spherical Lara bar), but there are some tempting smells coming from the kitchen.  The coffee is pretty good, but what I actually love about this place are the "wellness drinks."  Sometimes I want a warm frothy drink in the afternoon that doesn't have caffeine, and they actually have two!  I haven't tried the beetroot yet, but the turmeric is pretty delicious.  There are also matcha and chai lattes.  At $5 each they're a bit pricey for a small cup (a regular latte of the same size is $3.5), so I probably won't be getting them regularly.
Great service, great coffee and great food! We had the mushroom toast and banana bread and both were excellent. We'll definitely be back for more!
The ambiance is really nice but the service is terribly slow. I ordered the daily salad which had gruyere cheese in it the salad came with goat cheese. The whole time we were eating there a guy was drying the silverware and throwing it in a tray which made a lot of noise. They need to improve the service train the people and lower the prices since it is totally overpriced.
Great spot for a healthy bite to eat or a fresh coffee. I've stopped by before for a coffee to go but it's a smaller space so I've had a hard time sitting down. Today I sat down at their "bar" with a friend for breakfast. I had the green egg bake and they had the gluten free banana bread. We both got an iced latte with almond milk (75 cents extra instead of whole milk). Definitely will be back!

Tip - they're cashless so make sure you have a card on hand.
