I've been on the lookout for great AUTHENTIC Mexican food in Philadelphia. Who would have thought that I would discover this place near the Italian district in South Philly.  

I came here with Ashley L. and we ordered some guacamole as an appetizer. First, I love that you get a full bowl of guac! They don't skimp you on any avocados. It is also delicious! Great for a party of four to share as an app.

I ordered some pastor tacos, amazing! I had to go with a classic for my first time. The tortilla was awesome, I'm not sure what it was made of but it wasn't your standard flour or corn tortilla. So good! Would definitely go back for the tacos.

I was amazed at the list of specials they had, we were told about the different dishes that they make including steaks and fish. Everything in the restaurant looked delicious, will definitely be back to try something else!
I came to Blue Corn after asking a friend where to go to eat before going to a show at Boot and Saddle. He said that the food was on-point, and after reading the Yelp reviews, I thought it was definitely worth at shot.

My favorite thing that I ordered here was actually a special - short rib tostadas. They. Were. BANGIN!!!

The main thing I have to say about this joint, besides the food being pretty authentic, is that the service was impeccable. My water glass was always full, the dirty plates were promptly removed, and the bathroom was spotless.

My husband and I ordered four dishes here and three drinks, and our bill was only $62.00. This spot is definitely worth a try :)
People shopping on Italian Market tend to fall in two categories; locals (me) buying their weekly groceries or tourists who ended up here because they read it in a guide book.  Props for that, tourists.  The Liberty Bell sucks.

So what do these groups, I assume, have in common you ask?  A lunchtime need for:
1) Authentic Ethnic Food
2) Booze
3) Something that won't weigh you down
4) Something cheap
5) Cleanliness
6) Friendliness

Well well well boys and girls Blue Corn hits em all.  Located next to that infused-olive-oil-store-you-always-pretend-to-be-interested-in-buying-something-from-but-really-just-sample-things-and-quietly-walk-out-of in the "nice" ethnic section of the Italian Market (ie not south of Washington anywhere near the live bird shop) this is a new place with a lot going for it.  

Had three gorditas (3 inch circles stuffed with stuff, get the chicharrons) which were $7.50 and a perfect lunch portion.  Beers are $4, two on tap, decent selection of bottles.  Sweet little tequila list - palomas for $8 which is not bad at all and they only carry top end, 100% agave stuff.  Sweet as pie service from real live Mexicans.  Clean.  Inviting.  Convenient.  Delicioso.  Nice free salsas.  

The kind of business you want to see succeed.  Go support em!
I had an excellent experience dining at Blue Corn. The service was good, fast and very professional. We tried an array of dishes, that all came at the same time. 

The blue corn tacos and the tacos pibil were flavorful and complex, maybe missing a bit of salt but that's the only fault I can find. 

Their prices are very good for the quality of food they are offering and I would surely visit again to try more from their menu.
Blue Corn is the highest rated Mexican restaurant in the Philadelphia area.  It is with good reason that the food critics have embraced this south-of-the-border eatery in the Italian Market serving up Pueblan cuisine.  And that reason is:  the food is very well-prepared with fresh ingredients and comes out extremely tasty.  It is a little more expensive than your typical South Philly Mexican restaurante y cantina but there is a lot of prep that goes into these dishes.

One of their specialties which I highly recommend is the Fondación Olmeca platter.  This is a dish highlighting the heirloom corn from San Mateo Ozolco and includes masa concoctions of two sopecitos, two tlacoyos, and two chalupas.The sopecitos topped with chicken pibil are especially outstanding.  If you would like a little more heat you can request some habanera sauce. Oh and the service is excellent as well! 

Word has def gotten around about Blue Corn and it is indeed extremely popular.  There will be people dining there no what time of day you arrive.  And do keep in mind - this is a cash only establishment.  Hit up that ATM machine before you enter!
I love this place !! Food is amazing, we ended up going twice in one weekend ..I love the enchiladas and my kids loved the quesadillas... definitely recommend this spot !
The local television program Good Day Philadelphia was visited by Blue Corn restaurant on national Piña Colada Day. Well I like Mexican food and I like Piña Colada's and Blue Corn is nearby do why not give it a shot?! First thing BRING CASH!!!! they do not except debit or credit cards and the ATM has a two dollar service fee. Second thing PARKING IS LIMITED!! Now that the negative is out the way let's go to all of the great things that happen at Blue Corn.

I was lucky enough to arrive during happy hour which starts at 4 pm until 630 pm. There are a lot of menu items for $5,6&7. The restaurant is located in the famous Italian market area. Once inside you'll see a lot of blue thus the 'Blue Corn' throughout the restaurant and decor paying homage to Mexican heritage. They have a great happy hour menu a lot to choose from. I had Cochinita Pibil Sliders that were delicious. The Mexican baby back ribs were tender and well worth ordering but they were too salty. As far as the Piña Colada it was average at best. My server was prompt and attentive.

I will definitely dine here again!
I came to this place for the tacos! And they did not disappoint. I had the Al Pastor tacos...The onions were beautifully, finely cut and the cilantro was proportional. The tortilla was handmade; of an orange color (i didn't ask what ingredient made it such). It was a jam packed taco with well seasoned carne and enough piña to complement. The salsas were also delicious. Especially the red salsa, it was smoky and delicately sweet. 
My boyfriend got the Arrachera tacos and ughh, what a delight! Tender, flavorful juicy steak with grilled onions. Such a great bite! We had to get another order to share. 
All in all, it was great atmosphere with prideful mexican artistry on the walls. As authentic as they can sell it. Get that money!
I've walked by Blue Corn countless times without realizing it, including yesterday when I found myself all the way by the cheesesteaks by mistake. I'm now sold on Mexican food in the Italian market. 

Pro tip- happy hour is only valid at the bar. It's not super pricy anyways so sitting at a table is fine. It's also cash only, but they do have an ATM.

The service was very quick during my visit and I had a classic margarita in front of me in no time. I also ordered a guava margarita but liked the classic better; the guava was too sweet-even for someone who likes sweet drinks.

I went with the Blue tacos. The pastor meat was so tender and well seasoned. The dish came as three tacos and was a solid size.  The pineapple, scallion, bell pepper and Oaxaca cheese perfectly rounded out the flavors. Of course the fresh made corn tortilla packaged it up nicely.

I also had the guacamole and chips. The chips were fresh made and the guac was the creamiest guacamole I've ever had. 

Our group got there around happy hour and by the time we left around 7, the small establishment was packed. That definitely says a lot.

I will never pass by Blue Corn again without realizing it, or wanting to stop in for some authentic Mexican.
Not sure if I should write a review... or a love letter. While my favorite taco truck was on vacation my loyalty faltered, and now I'm in love with another mexican eatery. Blue Corn has been on my mind all day.

My meal began with mini pots of green and red fresh salsa with matching mini spoons to scoop onto homemade tortilla chips. Whereas normally I'm a verde lover, the red salsa had me and my boyfriend referring to their salsa in wine description terms, "bright herb notes at the finish". The fish taco sampler arrived on a fish shaped plate. The sampler had shrimp, crab, and fish that were all very fresh and served with a side of guacamole. My entree was one of each of the quesadillas squash blossom, mushroom, and corn mushroom. Out of the three the squash blossom was my favorite, and I found the corn mushroom to be much more flavorful than the regular mushroom, but all were in perfect extraordinarily fresh corn tortillas, with that wonderful white cheese.

Our service seemed to be able to read our minds. They magically arrived whenever we needed anything.
I found this gem of a place walking around with the gf in the Italian market section of South Philly. The place was hopping, and this was Sunday around 5..so I can only imagine on a Friday or a Saturday.

This was probably the most authentic Mexican place that I've ever eaten at. The menu = Spanish. The tacos = fantastic. I really liked the three tacos for 8.00. I think next time I'd do 6 tacos for 16.00. They have fancier sea food dishes and things on the 2nd page..which I didn't even notice. Ooops. As an aloof American I have no qualms about constructing a meal from the apps page. 

I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the chips they give you as a starter. They really were awesome.. The green salsa tasted like outdoors and springtime in my mouth, which was great for a February evening. 

My gf had drinks. They looked awesome, but I had to drive. I had the blue chip cheesecake...it was different, but still good and refreshing. 

This place would have been 5 stars...but it was cash only. Lame.
I made reservations for New Year's Eve with no problem.

As usual, service was great. We had ceviche special of the day served with slices of fried plantains chips. It's a perfect appetizer. Not overly salty and not overly acidic either. Subtle hint of lemon was enough to make it not fishy.

My husband had tuna and I had surf and turf. My steak and lobster were perfectly cooked. It's served with potatoes and some greens. Great flavor.

Piña colada is highly recommended, not too sweet.

At the end, when they presented the bill, they gave each of us a NY hat, tiara, beads, and horns. It's very nice of them
At last! I have found a superlative Mexican restaurant in Philadelphia. Three effing cheers for this.

Don't let the crowds and tourists in the Italian Market keep you from trying Blue Corn. It's a hidden treat. My friend wanted to sit outside, so we did. The night was on the chilly side and I was not dressed for the weather, but that is no reflection on the restaurant. It was rather pleasant to be outside people watching and if I'd had sense, I would have grabbed a jacket. The tables outside are small and even if the weather is warm and pretty, don't eat outside unless you just want to have a drink and a nibble. They are really too tiny to comfortably hold a lot of plates and glasses. 

When you go-remember this is cash only! The service is friendly and first rate. They serve complimentary, shatteringly crisp blue corn chips with 2 fantastic salsas-a tangy green and a smoky, spicy red. But don't load up on them and ruin your appetite for what's on the extensive menu. 

If you like mojitos, they are plentiful and of interesting variety here. I was not in the mood for a foo foo drink and had a plain mojito that was boozy and delicious with the food. We had eaten a large lunch earlier at a so so crepe place, so we concentrated on appetizers at Blue Corn. They had a lot of specials and I wish we'd saved ourselves for them, but now there's a good excuse to return again. And again. 

We each started with a bowl of soup-the poblano and the tortilla. Both have a creamy tomato base-smooth and rich with lots of chunky goodies-corn kernels, tortilla strips, avocado, cream cheese. Savory and not overly spicy; just enough to get your taste buds in tune for whatever's next. 

In our case, next was Ofrenda De Los Dioses which is sort of like a torte-layers of tortillas, huitlacoche (corn smut), poblano pepper, onion stir,fried, oaxaca cheese and poblana sauce which is a brilliant green. I could have happily eaten all of this myself. There are a lot of dishes on the menu containing huitlacoche. Open your mind, don't say "ewwwwww!" and by all means try this. It only grows on organic corn and it has an earthy, mushroomy taste along with a corn taste. Absolutely delicious. 

Our last dish was Flautas Puerta Vallarta-3 corn tortillas full of ground shrimp, fish and crab with an Elvira sauce on the side. This was plate lickingly good (though I refrained and watched my manners). 

Even though we were the only people dining outside, the server checked on us often enough to make us feel good. Sadly we had no room for dessert, but the sweets offerings are something else to go back for. This is just a quick bus ride away from me and I am already dreaming of my next Blue Corn feast. Don't settle for the gringo crap that La Calaca Feliz and Adobe peddle-get yourself immediately to Blue Corn for the real deal.
This place is upscale food for a lowscale price. Every single item we ordered was amazing. We started with really good guacamole and margaritas. The guac was served with delicious blue corn chips. Next we did lobster ceviche which was a special on the menu. The presentation was beautiful and the taste was just as good. It also came with plantain chips to dip into the ceviche. Next we had a seafood soup, which had one of the best broths I have ever tasted. Every enjoyed their entrees, the flautas and sobrecitos, were a particular hit along with another special on the menu, friend oyster tacos. For dessert we ordered flan, churros and the chocolate lava cake. The churros we're perfectly crispy with a great cinnamon sugar coating and a delicious caramel dipping sauce. The lava cake was beautifully played with strawberry ice cream and perfectly cooked so it was soft in the inside. 

Blue corn is not your average Mexican restaurant the display of every dish was superb with a taste to match. Seriously make this place apart of your 2019 goals.
Really good, cravable Mexican food. The chicken nachos were perfection and the guacamole is some of the best I ever had. Hands down, the blue tortilla chips make all the difference. 

We also had the seabass ceviche, which was really delicious. Nice and fresh and I loved the plantain chips they came with. 

Lastly, the blue corn margarita was out of this world! Perfectly sweet and nice and strong. Not to mention the color was so happy and inviting!
You guys....I think I found my new favorite Mexican spot.  I didn't think it would ever happen.  Don't get me wrong, when I want a filling burrito on the cheap I'll still go to Jarocho, but everything here wowed me enough to want to return and try everything on the menu.

Place is adorable and the staff is VERY friendly, professional and efficient.  Menu is large and authentic (I didn't know what some of the menu items even said - a sure sign of authenticity).  Food is the BOMB.

Green and red salsas with blue corn tortilla chips came out on a cute ass platter with wooden spoons.  Red salsa was very good, almost smoky in flavor.  Green salsa was BANGIN'.  My absolute favorite - I wish I could take it home in a jar.  Jam packed with flavor.  Chips are clearly fresh made and crunchy to boot.

Having a bar there with an expansive margarita list is a nice plus.  I wanted to try the signature Blue Corn margarita but we ended up opting for the margarita with the cerveza turned upside down in it (I forget the name).  Came out in a manly glass mug and tasted perfect - just the right amount of strong.  

The waiter listed off mad specials that all sounded delicious (seafood soup, sea bass ceviche, lamb shank, uhhhh I wanna go back and try it all).  We stuck with the main menu items and each started with a tortilla soup.  SO GOOD.  Deliciously creamy tomato based soup with avocado, queso fresca, avocado and tortilla strips, with a chile for heat.  After a day of walking in the bitter cold, this was a nice hot, tasty reprieve.  I would love to try that seafood soup next time.

For entrees, everything sounded amazing (they have filet mignon platters!) but we honestly just wanted tacos so we ordered the $18 platter that gives you a sampling of each: 2 chicharones (fried chicken (or pork?) skins), 2 arrachera (skirt steak) and 2 chorizo.  OMG.  So good.  That steak was seasoned perfectly and juicy - some of the best I've had on a taco in ages and deff my favorite of the 3.  The chicharones were decadent and crispy but a little heavy for my liking (still very good though if, like me, you only like the skin part of your fried chicken).  The chorizo was packed with amazing flavor (and I don't usually like chorizo a whole lot).  All taco shells were green, which was interesting.  Still kicking myself for not getting the namesake blue corn al pastor tacos or the shrimp variety.  Tacos reasonably priced for the amount of meat in them.

It was a little pricy when the bill came only because our cerveza margs were $15 a piece (you're getting a lot of alcohol) but i will ABSOLUTELY return here and try their other menu items and kick back with a few beers or cocktails.
I wandered into this place last week while shopping in the Italian Market. Weary from walking 9th street, I found myself jonesing for a margarita. Happy hour was just getting started, so I was pretty excited. 

The atmosphere is very cute. There's about 20 tables or so and a little bar. We sat at the bar to take advantage of the specials. I liked sitting at the bar because it give a nice view of the action in the kitchen, where at the time they were making their fresh tortillas. 

I ordered a margarita, and it was made exactly how I like it - tequila, triple Sec, lime juice. No margarita "mix," no sour mix, no BS. It was perfect. We ordered some bites from their HH menu, which were all around $6 each. We had the mushroom quesadilla, the tacos Al pastor, flautas, and gorditas. I was so pleasantly surprised at how great it all was. I honestly haven't had Mexican food this great since I was IN Mexico. Everything was ridiculously fresh and very light, perfect for happy hour sharing. I am definitely going to come back and have dinner soon!
A + + + !!!

Dare I say the best Mexican spot, I've been to in Philly? THERE! I said it! And I will scream it from the rooftops.  I never come to the Italian Market area, but now I have a reason to come back.  It was THAT delicious here.  We started with the guac and chicken nachos...did not disappoint. For dinner I got their take on fajitas, I forget exactly what they were called but they were amazing. The tacos looked good too! And they had a seafood soup special that my friend got which looked divine if you are into that. They have a great selection of margaritas! You know I went in on the margs.

This place is just amazing. It's authentic Mexican - I lived in LA for a couple of years and this spot brought me back. It's small, but they take reservations. The staff was so friendly and nice! 

I can't recommend this spot enough! Cannot wait to come back.
I was not able to make reservations but we were lucky to be able to walk in on a Saturday just before 7:00 and get a table for two. Shortly after we got there it got so packed and people and people were waiting outside. 

It is cash only so if you don't have cash there is a machine there that will allow you to take some out. 

SERVICE
We were quickly seated by friendly workers. One thing that I noticed about the server and I WISH other restaurants would do this was they wait until your menu is closed to come over and take your order. They were all very efficient BUT didn't rush you. It was very natural. Our water glasses were always filled and the table was cleared as soon as drinks or the food was gone. It was excellent service. 

FOOD
APP: We had blue corn tortilla chips and they were crunch and delicious! The guacamole and the other two sauces were amazing. I have to be honest, I normally don't like any other sauce with the chips but the one me here were so perfect and delicious. 

MAIN: I had the "seafood" taco. I was actually worried that I wouldn't be full since I didn't get a side but I think with the appetizer and these tacos I was satisfied. If not I think I would have to eat something else because I don't think the tacos alone would be filling. 
My boyfriend had the other dish and he said that it was such a great piece of steak. He very much enjoyed his meal. The beans were perfectly saluted and the guacamole was fresh tasting. I think it was important to make sure that the sides did not take the attention away from the steak. It was a great blend of flavors. 

DRINKS: The thing that we noticed about both the drinks was that they weren't overly sweet. Thank you! They were very refreshing. The Macho was slightly spicy and my mojito had fresh mint leaves crushed in there. 

I would strongly recommend this place.
tl;dr this unpretentious taquieria in the Italian Market serves up some mean tacos, although serve leaves something to be desired

In a city not renowned for Mexican fare, Blue Corn is a diamond in the rough. This colorful restaurant that makes you feel right at home, with minimalistic wooden tables, pre-set simply with folded napkins and maroon placemats. The small bar nestled in the back has shelf upon shelf of liquor options. A long mirror hangs on one wall, opposite cultural memorabilia and portraits on the other. Two TVs are hanging in opposite corners, broadcasting soccer games.

My partner and I eagerly stopped by last weekend, looking forward to discovering what the buzz is about. We opted for the Tripe Tacos, Mixed Gorditas plate, and a side of cactus salad. Our bellies grumbled as we met the aroma of each dish passing our table. After a slightly longer-than-anticipated wait, our food was finally unveiled. The tacos were out of this world -- the bright green corn tortillas were stuffed generously with rich, well-seasoned (and surprisingly not-chewy) tripe. I also was keen on adding the cactus, mixed with caramelized onions, for added dimensions of texture and flavor. The gorditas, meanwhile, were piping hot, overflowing with marinated meat and tangy cheese. While I'm not the biggest fan of gorditas, I found these to be well-cooked and hearty without being overwhelmingly starchy.

While the food was solid, service was mediocre at best. Our waiter forgot to bring out chips and salsa, leaving us waiting ravenously for our dishes. Also, while he topped off my barely touched glass of water once while he took our order, he neglected to do so again until we had already paid the check. Nonetheless, the relatively cheap prices ($26 total) and remarkably tasty food, Blue Corn will remain in my comfort food repertoire.
We went looking for Mexican lunch, and passed by a lot of seedy-looking places on 9th street, including a few that I said, "What about this place?" and Husband said, "We can't go there. It looks like construction workers go there for lunch and they'll be ogling you and I can't take it. That's not how I want to eat my lunch."

While I appreciate his attempt to protect me from ogling, sigh.

Then we walked past Blue Corn.  Glasses and placemats and place settings already at the tables? Clean looking? Check Check.  We're in.

And you know how whenever you see a bunch of white people in a Mexican place, you think, "hmm, is this really authentic?"  that's how it was.  But. It. Was. Amazing.

Server: friendly, fast, and happy to explain the words we didn't know.
Food: delicious, flavorful, not salty, and delicious.  (seriously, it was that good.)
Prices: totally reasonable.

I got the Blue Corn tacos with pork (Pastor). The plate had 3 tacos, and I could have had 3 more.
Husband got the Sopasita mix (three blue corn tortillas, slightly thicker than a tortilla, with pork, chicken, and chorizo) and they were very tasty (he liked the chorizo best).

See you there soon!
Everything was delicious.  Absolutely no complaints.  We were able to get a last minute reservation for outside dining.  It was super crowded for a Tuesday night.  

Service was great.  Food was outstanding.  The tortillas were fresh.  Some of the best lengua tacos I've had in the area.  The favorite of the table was the nachos.  They went quick!!!

Very good drink menu selection.  My personal favorite is the Oaxaca Old Fashioned.
Usually my restaurant plans are made far in advance, with ample research informing my decisions. While this a fantastic approach to some degree (I rarely have bad restaurant experiences), it leaves little room for spontaneity. I'm rarely just out and about and make a snap decision to go somewhere I've never researched. That would require too much trust in the fates that be. But when there's a last-minute change of plans, sometimes improvisation is necessary. Such was the case when we decided to go to Blue Corn -- apparently a very well known restaurant in the Italian Market but not one I had heard of given I don't often go out in Philly -- and I had to just go with the flow. It turned out well, thankfully, as there were more informed diners who recommended the spot. They were able to take a party of seven last minute (not at all a-given, particularly in COVID times) and we had a fabulous experience. 

We can here, post-low-key bachelorette, at around 9:15/9:30, on a Saturday night. We were seated outside and it was a beautiful late-May evening. Though we had been enjoying some champagne prior to dinner, we still wanted to take advantage of the mixology offerings here. I am allergic to tequila, and was worried there would be nothing on the cocktail menu for me. Many Mexican spots do tequila and mezcal only. However, much to my delight, they had a several rum drinks. The rest of the party ordered margaritas and I happily sipped a mango mojito. Careful with those, they're sweet and delicious and could get dangerous quickly. 

Blue Corn has a massive menu, and it seems like you can't go wrong here. Knowing nothing about the place going into it, I had to heed the advice of others. We were all sharing anyway (the best option, always), so the informed diners made the choices. Again, something I virtually never do, but sometimes you gotta just throw caution to the wind (and I guess for me that just looks like ordering tasty shareables at a popular Mexican restaurant, shows how much of a risk-taker I am). I don't eat Mexican food that often because my fiancé is averse to anything with even a hint of spice (and somehow I love him anyway), so this really was a treat. Eats, below:

Nachos: A
Solid and straightforward but hit the spot.

Zucchini Flower Quesadillas: A+
So flavorful and delicious. These were the highlight for me. 

Tacos de Pollo : A
The spice hit me here!! These were fantastic, and just generally made me so happy because I so rarely share spicy food with folks. Don't get me wrong, my fiancé and I have beautiful dining adventures, but left to my own devices I will eat hot sauce straight out of the bottle so this was just delightful

Sea Bass Ceviche (special): A
Great little dish on a warm night. Super fresh, delicate flavors, a nice balance to the relatively heavier dishes we ordered.

*Note: Much of this menu is naturally gluten-free, as the tortillas, chips, etc., are made with corn. Someone in our party was celiac and I have a high sensitivity to gluten, so this was much appreciated. 

CASH ONLY!
This place is my favorite Mexican restaurant in south Philly. Great drinks and great service. They are well staffed so food came out fast and give full attention to the customers' needs.

Mojito is my favorite drink here. Not overly sweet, good balance of the amount of liquor.

Our orders were specials of the night.

Soup is delicious too, perfect for a cold night 

Brisket tostadas: served in 2 tostadas , beef was tender and perfectly seasoned. Blue corn tostada shells were freshly made.

Flounder with rice and chipotle sauce. Fish was perfectly cooked, not too much rice, the chopped fresh pineapple balanced out the spiciness of the chipotle.

Fish tacos: beautiful presentation. The tortillas were rolled and  tied with corn husks
@Nommingnomad Confused!

Having heard a lot of great things about this South Philly/Italian Market spot I stopped by on a Sunday afternoon for some tacos. I was seated immediately and to their credit, they had signs plastered right at the door that they were "cash only" and they do have an ATM inside. It's a pretty normal interior with TVs playing a soccer game at the bar sort of vibe. Anyway, I was just there for the food so I got right down to business. After perusing the menu, I knew that I wanted tacos and I knew that I wanted the "Blue corn" tortillas for sure. The waiter then came up and listed some specials to me and I went with their mahi mahi tacos which he said came with avocado. SOLD! 

I requested if they could make it with the blue corn tortilla instead of the flour tortilla and he told me he would try. I didn't have to wait to long, the tacos came rolled up and tied with a little string or rather a piece of cornhusk and they were indeed the blue corn ones. The order came with three tacos, I proceeded to eat two and boxed one up. It was all good up until then.

Then the check came and I was pretty surprised at the price, my meal was around $16.50 and with the tip I ended up paying $20. I did not know the price before hand because the specials were not on the menu. I guess I should have expected it. I don't know. I'm not someone who usually complains about the prices but, were they the best tacos I've had in Philly? No! Were they good? Yes! Were they worth the price I paid? I don't think so! So, I guess what I'm saying is, Take it or leave it. Because there are a lot of really great places to get tacos in the neighborhood, where it doesn't cost as much. I cannot in my right mind rate this place a 4 but I would give it a 3.5 if that were an option.
You might think, since it's in the heart of the Italian Market, that Blue Corn would be either touristy or gimmicky or maybe just not very good in a banal way, due to the forces of supply and demand (they are, after all, the only non-Italian option on that famous and well-trafficked block). You would be very wrong. This place is fantastic, with excellent food and dynamite margaritas. Highlights: Sea bass ceviche, tampiquenas, and tacos. Really great place. You should go.
Awesome place to eat at in South Philly and by the Italian Market. The restaurant is very authentic with a homie vibe. I love how the dishes and drinks are nicely presented. I usually don't drink but their mixed drinks were amazing. I like the mojito inspired with passion fruit and apples. Their beef tacos were delicious and perfectly cooked and seasoned. Desserts were awesome. I especially like the flan. Overall a great experience, service and food.
They brought out some free chips and salsa after we ordered. The two salsas were very interesting. The dark red one was a little smoky and a little hot. The green was a bit more fruity but also hot. Not what I am used to eating chips with. The salsa are kind of liquidy and don't have much substance to it or any flavor really. Oh well. It was free. 

The nachos were good. It is your standard restaurant styled nacho plate except someone shot it with a shrink ray. Flavor was good I just wish it was bigger. 

The gorditas were not great. The fried pocket had no flavor. The cheese had a nice texture and mouthfeel and the pork inside had no flavor either. Did the price of salt/seasoning skyrocket or something? Why are they holding out on me?

The tacos were the only thing I would order again if I came here. Decent portion size and the flavor was good. Tender juicy pieces of chicken with potato on a blue corn tortilla. Loved it

Also! This place is cash only. So hit your bank's atm beforehand.
This place is literally in my backyard so I came here last week to try this place - things overall were okay but I definitely was underwhelmed by the food. The chips and salsa were fantastic (smokey red salsa and tangy green salsa), the waiter was knowledgeable about the menu and specials, and the booze list isn't too shabby (despite us opting for beers). My eye was immediately drawn to the Pulpo en su Tinta (I've been on an octopus kick), but now I kind of wish I went with the Bronzino special. The octopus itself was a bit fishy and the squid ink (non sequitur...?) was a tad too salty for me, but the garlic bread was great. The other dish on the table was a Cuban sandwich, and that too was a bit too much (literally gigantic but a bit rubbery).

Would I come back here? For happy hour, certainly. I might go elsewhere for entrees, but the HH menu looked good and I wouldn't mind small bites and margs here.

Bottom line - the ambiance of Blue Corn is lovely, the service is great (super attentive), and the menu is impressive (I dig that everything is in Spanish first), however the food itself is disappointing.
I thought the food was very good... but it was very rude that they asked u to leave because they needed the table. Meanwhile the check was $175.00 with tip
Great Mexican food right in the middle of the Italian Market!

We went for happy hour. $5 classic margaritas were huge and delish.  Also many menu items with special prices. I had 3 Tacos al Pastor for only $5 and hubs had a mushroom cheese quesadilla for $6. Portions were very generous. 

The green and red salsas that came with it were fresh, flavorful and just the right amount of smoky and hot. 

Friendly service too!
Amazing margaritas, authentic food, and prompt,friendly service. Everything was perfect from start to finish. They have a small outdoor space, so make sure to reserve if you are going on a nice night.
Have heard so many things about this place and on a random stroll, we came across it and went in. 

Let's get straight to the point. 

First impression - definitely decked out with authentic decorations from Latin America. Kitchen is open and the bar is in clear view once you walk in. Pleasantly greeted by a server and seated quickly (we came on a random Tuesday afternoon but can definitely tell it gets packed in here.)

Food : they had a few special but we tried the Chilean sea bass ceviche for apps that came with plantain chips and cilantro salsa. Great amount of fish and avocado and onions for an appetizer. Simply seasoned with lime and salt which allowed the freshness of the dish speak for itself. For $16, it's not bad to be split between two people as an APPETIZER (not to be confused with buffalo wings as appetizers) - this is the perfect amount as a starter.


My sister ordered the blue corn tacos with pineapple salsa and Oaxaca cheese. My order of tacos Campechanos with steak and chorizo was so delicious I completely forgot to "trade" a taco with my sister and try hers! $10 for my order for perfectly made tacos that tasted close to authentic as can be kept me full for almost the entire day! Def a must try when you're here.
Great little place with delicious Mexican food.  Its like many authentic Mexican taquerias in Philadelphia, but a notch or two more upscale.  Not that standard local joint taquerias aren't wonderful, just that this has a bit more finesse and feels like it could be either weeknight or special dinner restaurant.  

The food was great.  Many choices of preparation and sauce that show off different aspects of Mexican cuisine.  Well prepared, beautifully presented.  

We sat outside and enjoyed the South Philly Italian Market neighborhood vibe.  Covered space to protect from elements if weather wasn't good, but with enough open space and breeze that it felt comfortable and safe.

Service was excellent.

Cash only - but you don't need that much cash since the prices are pretty modest (as long as you don't run up a bill for drinks!).
The best tacos in Philly! I ordered pibil tacos and they were so amazing, juicy and flavorful. My boyfriend ordered pastor tacos and also loved it. The mojitos are amazing, so refreshing and made to perfection. We also had chips which were hot and made to order. They weren't those fake store bought chips, but real fried tortilla chips. I can't wait to come back!
So good! Perfectly soft blue corn tacos stuffed with delicious pastor meats, onions, peppers, melted cheese, salsa, and a sprinkle of lime...mmm! Add a glass of cold Mexican beer or margarita, you'll be in heaven . The customer service was also very polite, professional, and attentive. The decor yells authentic Mexican and the details of the folded napkins to the wooden spoons impress me a lot. 

If you are the area of Bella Vista and Italian Market, I recommend this authentic Mexican restaurant if you with a group of friends and family. Oh, be warned, the guacamole was not in the menu but it does cost...$10! Yikes. Besides that, everything here is awesome!
Great Mexican food with great prices. Perfect for lunch on the go and looks like nice dine-in spot as well.  I've only gotten takeout and even then the service has been impeccable each time. Very welcoming staff and atmosphere. The steak sopecitos ($7) were presented beautifully and made with all fresh ingredients. Blue Corn hooked me with their Milanesa torta ($8, comes with fries). Fried steak sandwich with avocado, jalapeno, tomato... etc. that was literally overflowing with an insane variety of flavors.
The food, drinks, and service is awesome here! This gem  rocks and definitely a must try if you like authentic Mexican!! 

I highly recommend this place!
Tacos al pastor are unreal! So delicious. Great service, stiff cocktails and truly delicious and authentic food. Great place.
I got the Al Pastor tacos.

The tortillas were fresh and hot. The pork was well executed, though could have been slightly more tender. The pineapple and pork flavors were well balanced. The tacos came with a big cooked onion which was very savory and nicely executed.
I've been here twice and both times I had great food, great margs, and great service. The first time I had skirt steak tacos and the second time I had the blue tacos and they were amazing. Highly recommend!
Situated right across the corner from one of the most famous taco places in Philly-South Philly Barbacoa, I see why Blue Corn does not get as much publicity as it deserves. But honestly, Blue Corn might have quickly raised to the top as my favorite taco place in Philadelphia. When I came here, I ordered way too much: the portions are not small.

I had the steak nachos to start. This was a big platter, and could have easily satisfied 2 people, and been an appetizer for maybe 4. It was beautiful, and tasted just as good as it looked. 

Next, I had their signature Blue Corn Tacos, which are blue corn taco shells with el pastor meat. This was the highlight of the meal, and was so so good. I still dream of these tacos at night, and wake up craving these soft savory shells. 

As my main entree, I had the ribeye that was off-menu, and absolutely worth it. The ribeye was topped with a sweet and spicy tomato based sauce with rosemary and diced onion that loaded every tender bite with rich flavors. 

The cocktail menu was also really diverse. I orderd a mezcal based drink and a spicy margarita type of drink with jalapenos. Both of them were delicious and had large pours as well. 

I will definitely be coming back, and would recommend taco fans to come and be blessed by this spot.
Best Al Pastor Tacos in Philly!  Also great salsas to complement the flavor. We got the blue tacos and al pastor tacos, the blue taco basically al pastor but with more additions. We did pickup instead of dine in today. Only thing lacking was the number of lime slices given  Everything else was great!
Cash only but there's an ATM in the restaurant. 

This place isn't spacious. Tables are close to each other. Came in on Sunday night and it was packed. I made reservations through Google, so convenient.

The complimentary blue corn chips is served with red and green salsa

I started with cactus salad. It's very delicious. Cactus is perfectly cooked, fresh and not soggy with perfect amount of olive oil. It's served with very mild cheese cut in very small dice. It's a good appetizer.

Salmon in lemon sauce is served with creamy sauce with rice and fresh steamed broccoli and sliced carrots. Salmon is on the well done side so it's a little bit overcooked. The lemon is subtle but perfect compliment to the salmon.

My husband had tuna which is special menu. It's served with beets and sugar cane. Since it's Christmas time, it's decorated with a poinsettia. No wonder I  noticed that the poinsettia in the kitchen was bald by the end of the night. My husband really enjoyed his entree.

For dessert we ordered lava cake. It's served with strawberry ice cream and diced mango. I was very disappointed when I cut the cake because I didn't find the oozing melted chocolate flowing down from the center of the cake. It's basically only a warm chocolate cake. That's why I took a star down because it's definitely not a lava cake.

Service was great. The waiter gave great descriptions on the specials.

Nice presentation of the food too.
I loved the tomato poblano soup. That was my favorite one. 
Next was the other soup I can't remember I think it's the consume. 
I got the steak flank tacos and chicken tacos and everything was delicious ! Guac and chips too ! 
I am sad not to dine in like I used to but ah well. I remember the days of margaritas tacos and watching Football (soccer games) 
I can't believe I haven't posted until now but worth the pick up and take away. 
Dreaming of their poblano soup again
If you are ever craving a night to head out grab some margs - look no further!

Their marg options here are ridiculous - so many different flavors. Lots of fun. 

They have a very traditional menu for their mexican cuisine, but also feature some unique plates. You can't go wrong with any of the tacos, but the highlight of their menu to me is the cubana (it is not what you think it is.) Imagine a cuban sandwich on steroids...this bad boy has egg, sausage and other yummy toppings with the usual suspects ham and cheese.

Lots of color inside the restaurant, super bright and inviting. Great music too.

Super casual, very laid back.
This place never fails to deliver great food. Awesome cocktails like the Bloody Maria, Mezcal Margarita and Michalda make this place even better. The new'ish outdoor seating for Covid is nice and let's you be off the busy sidewalk. The staff is always so nice too. Check out their brunch if you haven't already!
This is a 5 Star Mexican Restaurant. Everything that came out of the small kitchen was a fantastic work of art. I had the Blue Corn Tacos. 3 pork tacos al Pasteur. Fresh grilled pork, onions and peppers with fresh pineapple and cilantro served in homemade blue flour tortillas. The signature item was delicious.  TIP put the cucumbers from the garnish on the tacos!  

Wife had the assorted Gorditas. Cheese, Chicken and Chorizo. 3 separate gorditas served In fresh fried massa.  The flavor was unique and different from any other Mexican food I've tried.
The food there was very good - that is not to be disputed. However, I ordered huevos rancheros for breakfast this morning, and I was not asked to specify how I wanted my eggs when I ordered. When the dish came out, the eggs were done over easy, and I asked my server if the eggs could be cooked longer. They did oblige this request but at the end of the meal, I received a $5 replating charge. I felt that this was somewhat unreasonable, as this was almost 1/2 the cost of the meal, and I was not told about this charge ahead of time. I will not be returning to this restaurant.
Anytime we have company from out of town, we make it a point to bring them here! With perfect location in the busy Italian Market, this place offers some of the best Mexican food I have had on the East Coast and the presentation is always superb. 

We were able to secure a table for 4 outside under the covered portion of the busy sidewalk and were immediately greeted by our waiter. He listed the number specials and additions and we ended up ordering quite the feast. 

The guacamole came out first and met every expectation. It was fresh and simple. We had orders of the blue corn tacos which are always piled high with pastor, cooked onions, and melted oaxaca cheese. The specialty tostadas were difficult to bite, but worth all the effort. the crispy tortilla supported refried beans, marinated chicken, and came with the best red salsa. These were so good that we actually ordered two. I also had the sword fish tacos that came in a flour tortilla. the lightly battered and fried fish was wrapped up nicely with a mayo dressing and pickled veggies. Their margaritas are always strong, but delicious. Luckily we were just a quick walk back home after!

If you do come here, remember that they are cash only, but don't worry because there is an ATM inside.
This place is amazing, both the food, and the service. The only thing that kinda suck is being cash only!! But other than that everything was amazing. You should probably make a reservation ahead of time because I got there at around 6:30 and it was already really busy. This restaurant is also pretty small so if you end up coming at a busy time you will probably have to wait a long time. Everything here was good, we ordered so much I don't even remember what everyone got. You must try this place if you have the chance!
Best tacos in town. We got the skirt steak and lengua. Each order was around $12 and were filling and crammed with meat. It was very well seasoned and their salsa was so fresh and citrusy. Awesome experience.
This is a small Mexican restaurant located in the Italian Market.  The inside is quite clean and one of the nicer looking Mexican restaurants in this area.  The service is amazing.  It almost reminds me of staff at a resort in Mexico. 

Anyway, I got a breakfast platter with eggs and ham and the blue corn tacos.  The tacos were tasty but was greasy and made the tortilla break apart. 
The food is not bad, but there are better places within walking distance to get tacos or brunch platters.  

I would go here if I wanted a nicer sit down restaurant to eat Mexican food, but would rather probably skip this place and go to Veracruzana down the block.
I stopped here for lunch. They have outdoor seating along with heaters and they practice social distancing. The food was delicious as always and it's definitely worth visiting. If I lived closer to this place I would eat here more often.
Everything is simple but good, and very affordable. Try their blue corn specialty tacos.
Amazing service, amazing food! We got the Blue Corn Margaritas and boy were they good!! This place has a menu that anyone can find something they will love on it! I am really excited to go back and try something new. Everything we ordered was amazing and delicious!!  Definitely a go-to place in the italian market for lunch/dinner/drinks !!!
This place is amazing!!! The best chipotle sauce I've ever had. The service is fantastic and very friendly. I can't recommend this place enough!!
The food is delicious, the staff is really kind, and it's a close walk from home.

The tacos are lighter than anywhere else, but absolutely delicious! I've had al pastor in the past, and today, we ordered the seasonal salad, which had watercress, apples, strawberries, romaine, and an interesting dressing. My friend liked it more than me, and I was confused about the small cubes of cheese because it's listed as containing goat cheese, which is usually soft in salads.

We split the Milanese Torta bc it's HUGE! We opted for beef over chicken and the pepper sauce over jalapeño.

It was amazing!
Some terrific items and some just ok. We loved the sea bass ceviche with avocado...super fresh, light, tasty. We also loved the ribbons of plantain with the spicy green sauce.  The crispy blue chips and salsa came with delicious rich red and rather spicy jalapeño sauces. Unfortunately the chicken with two mole sauces underwhelmed. The chicken was tough and the mole too timid. Not so good. I hope they will revisit the chicken.
I had time to kill yesterday before an appointment on broad street as I  was walking down 9th street I took notice of the menu.Going in the restaurant is really a  very nice place,made me feel really bad,but these are the times and we have to do what we have too and it kind of makes me me want to order out even more to keep the restaurants open.I ordered the blue corn taco's  and a mango  mojito and both were absolutely delicious and since I will finally be moving to South philly I plan on revisiting this restaurant and others on 9th street and Passyunk Avenue.Sorry I didn't take any pictures but when Im in less of a hurry I  will.Please support these restaurants you will definitely be surprised.
Just moved to the neighborhood and had to try this place. Casual mexican that is pretty cheap with a solid bar. Somehow they pull off authentic and cheap without being a cheese overload grease pot. Friendly service and fun atmosphere. Definitely worth a visit. I'll be back regularly now.
This was our first time here and the food was wonderful with good atmosphere:) Great service professional staff. Plus this restaurant is in the heart of Italian Market. Plus this restaurant has a full bar. This restaurant is very cozy.  We will be back!!!
Nice little place 
Coming here with all the snow around so they are very slow but it s good for us 

The food are so very good! It's like surprisingly good! Super super Mexican! 

I have had some good taco and tortilla soup, but the ones they made here are the the best!!!!!! 

Bring cash guys! They are cash only
These are the best tacos I've had. We ordered the guacamole with blue corn, the sample appetizers Fundacion Olmeca and the blue corn tacos with grilled chilies and plantains for sides. Everything was excellent--I would say get the sample appetizers and the blue corn tacos if you had to pick. Load up on the fresh tomatillos salsa that comes with your tacos. 

This meal wrapped up our day nicely after the Barnes. Lovely service as well.
We only got tacos and drinks that night but they were delicious and I really enjoyed my Mojito. Overall the feeling of the place and service was excellent. I loved the blue theme
Cute little place in the Italian Market

Start with the good - service was really great, everyone had a smile on their face, the server explained the menu and specials of the night very well and service was attentive but not overbearing at all. 

We both had the Serrano pepper margarita , $10 which was good! It had a great kick to it and was actually spicy, we loved this. 

I was personally a little underwhelmed with the food. The chips were good, loved both the green and red sauces -- green was a bit tarte and the red nice and smokey. For my entrée I got the chicken pibil tacos - which were good but just underwhelming.

Based on the amazing reviews, I'd probably return to try some other items another time -- but might hang up my coat after the 2nd visit if still underwhelmed.
This place is in the heart of the Italian market, a nice little cozy hole in the wall. The prices are moderate and the margaritas are excellent, I recommend the margarita macho a little spicy and sweet. The food portions are just perfect with extra cucumbers and shreds of lettuce and radish, it tastes authentic not to filling. The staff is excellent and always caters to your requests, the place is cash only so do yourself a favor and make sure you hit the ATM before. They do have one on site but the service fee is ridiculous.
Yesss blue corn! Eat your heart out folks...if your heart is made of guac, tacos, alambres, etc; JUST DO IT! If Mari is your bartender than BONUS points for you! Strong but balanced drinks, great food, open clean kitchen, very attentive staff, great happy hour...A+ all day!! Cash only ps...they deserve your cash trust that
I was really excited to try this place so I brought a few friends here on Saturday night and it was a huge disappointment!

I got the tortilla soup which wasn't bad but tasted like campbells tomato soup from a can.  Mediocre.

My friend got the carnitas tacos which were SO SO dry! I feel like carnitas tacos are really hard to mess up and this meat looked like it had been kept out for a while and was cubed and tough.  

Another friend got a chicken mole dish which was really disappointing (especially since it was 18$).  The mole tasted like they just poured cocoa powder in a sauce and it had nothing else really to it.  

The lava cake was tasty -but hard to mess that up.  The cheesecake was borderline inedible, it was rock hard and sort of grainy with very little flavor.

There are so many better options around 9th street! Example - el compadre has delicious mole!  I won't be returning.
This place has great food and service. I've been here twice and don't think I could go wrong with anything on the menu. They also offer some nice specialty drinks and a killer jalapeno margarita! I would recommend you try this place if you enjoy upscale Mexican food in a casual atmosphere. Cash only
I made reservations for three at this restaurant about a few hours before I wanted to come in and they were able to accommodate us with no problem.  The service was amazing from start to finish; the waiter was attentive, efficient, and friendly. 

The ambiance was also really laid back.  They had soccer games on and it wasn't loud at all.  The tables are pretty close together because the restaurant is not huge.  Parties of 6 may work, but anything more than that would be a tight squeeze for everyone.  

As for the food, we got started with complementary chips and salsa.  After that we had appetizers and entrees.  The food was also really good.  Our table got the queso with mushroom, the seafood tacos, the blue corn tacos, and the seafood soup special.  I do wish that my tacos had more spicy flavor, but that's just my personal preference.  For drinks we went pretty classic, Coronas and Victorias.  The only disappointing thing about the food was that there was no tres leches cake for dessert :( Hopefully they'll add it soon.
We went here for a date night and were pleased with the food and service! They give you complimentary homemade blue corn tortilla chips with salsa :) We didn't realize you got the free chips and salsa, so we ordered nachos. The nachos were awesome! 

My husband got the blue tacos and blue corn margarita. I ordered the chicken sopecitos, a mojito, and the traditional margarita. Everything was tasty and fresh. 

The place is small and has a cozy feel. I would recommend this place for a nice Mexican dinner in the Italian Market!
Taco city right here. Would never expect great mexican in the italian market but thats exactly what you have here.. Small little restaurant with great flavors. I had the pork tacos and my wife the steak tacos. Both were excellent. Decent size portion for the price. Three medium sized tacos with some garnish and great flavors. The staff was great and paid attention to the table. The drinks were good, not great and the guac while served in a dish that would make you believe they just made it, the guac came way too fast to be freshly made. But the tacos....make sure you get the tacos!
Had dinner at Blue Corn with a bunch of out of town guests - 7 of us total, including a few kids. Made reservations on a Tuesday night, and we were seated right away! Service was excellent, attentive with not being overly so (and we certainly felt comfortable continuing to catch up after our food was done). Some highlights: 

* I had the Macho (spicy) Margarita, with lime juice instead of sour mix. It was delicious! Refreshing (cilantro & lime), spicy, salty... Yum! They have a wide selection, and for $10 each very reasonable. 

* ALL of the food looked great - kids seemed very happy with what they ordered. I was torn between the brisket tostadas (a special) and the nachos al pastor - went with the latter, which were good. But I'm looking forward to trying other things on the menu. DEFINITELY seems to be very authentic, there were a number of dishes (ok, entire sections of the menu!) that I wasn't familiar with. 

* Kids also ordered dessert - I tried a bite of the flan, which is generally not my thing, but it was good (kids loved it). The molten chocolate cake also looked great. 

On top of everything else, prices seemed REALLY reasonable! Looking forward to going back soon!
Nacos, fish tacos, bellinis

I came here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch with my mom. She has been raving about their food for months and I finally made time to stop. This was my best decision that day! 

I saw that there was a full bar so I had a mango bellini (AMAZING) and my mom had a margarita. We were both extremely pleased. We split nachos with no meat as an appetizer which were spectacular. We also split fish tacos as our meal. The fish tacos come with three tacos. One is shrimp, one is crab meat and the other is fish. They all come on flour tortillas and are rolled up. If I did not have an appetizer then they would be small for one person to eat alone as they do not come with any type of side (rice, beans, etc). 

I went back a few days later with my husband and had the same thing. It was amazing!!!
Blue Corn was AMAZING! Would definitely go there again. I highly recommend this place for some of the best authentic mexican food I've had outside of Los Angeles.
The atmosphere was really cool and it felt like you were in a different country. The service was excellent , and the place was very clean. The wait staff was very friendly and informative about the menu items.
I ordered the Anjellitos Negroes and it was excellent.
All of the prices are very reasonable for the amount of food.
They have a full bar and they are CASH ONLY for now. 

Will definitely be back very soon!

Will definitely be back
Randomly came in here during an afternoon visit to the Italian Market after it had been on my list for quite some time.  This place is legit.  Everything is made from scratch, including their chips.  The corn chips, which you have to ask for, come with two salsas - verde and a smokey red.  The verde salsa has a solid kick, as it should.  

While we didn't get any drinks, we were right next to the bar and saw them making fantastic margaritas.  This will definitely be on the must-try for the next visit.  

I normally do not eat pork, so it was wonderful to see cochita pibil on the taco menu, but made with chicken.  These were packed with flavor, and came with pickled habanero and red onion on the side.  They required no extra salsa, just a dash of lime.  

The service was very good as well.  They were very attentive and answered all the questions we had about the menu.  When I come back, I want to literally try the entire menu.
Nice little place 
Coming here with all the snow around so they are very slow but it s good for us 

The food are so very good! It's like surprisingly good! Super super Mexican! 

I have had some good taco and tortilla soup, but the ones they made here are the the best!!!!!! 

Bring cash guys! They are cash only
Overall win

1. Chips and salsa [5+ stars]: free and supersonic crunchy chips complimented by two of the most delicious salsas. The first salsa being a smokey red, fiery salsa with a hint of sweetness and the second a smooth, refreshing green blend of vegetables with a touch of tang.

2. Blue corn marg [4/5 stars]: bright blue, refreshing, well balanced, decent strength. 

3. Taquezia entree [4/5 stars]: beef was on point with a nice char and savory onions. The chorizo albeit delicious could have used some more spice, especially after eating the bold salsa. And the chicken dish was interesting with a good bit of semi crunchy and salty skin. Decent guac and left over salsa helped to jazz up each of the tacos. 

4. Restaurant [5/5 stars]: service was great, staff pleasant, restaurant clean, and atmosphere cool on this hot day.
Wow!!!!

Been here three times and can't wait for the next trip. 
Best family service in the entire city!!
Fresh salads
Seafood chowder was phenomenal !!

Tacos -- wow. 

What keeps me coming back is the fresh ingredients and the STELLAR service !!

Get here !!
This place is cash only. I hate when places do that as I hardly ever have cash on me. 
Came for lunch on a weekday and there were only people at one other table.
The service was great. My water was always filled and they brought us these delicious blue corn tortilla chips with two different salsas to start. 
The menu has more of a traditional Mexican fare rather than americanized Mexican food. I could not decide and I had been fighting a cold so I settled on tortilla soup. It had a really thick tomato base that I had not experienced in other tortilla soups. It had some cheese, some tortilla strips and sliced avocado and that was it. I was looking for a heartier soup. 
That was all I ordered so I left being disappointed and still a little hungry. I don't think I'll be back there are so many other Mexican restaurants to try.
Super epic spot! Some of the best tacos I've had in Philadelphia! We split flautas, sopes, and salsa. All great! Their flavors are innovative, yet authentic and delicious.  I give this my California 5 star review! Also, pleasant atmosphere, friendly staff, and cool neighborhood. The coffee is a must, as is the dessert.
Food good especially the nachos with pico and guacamole.
Felt pushed to order quickly although my party of 4 were enjoying their drinks and appetizers. 
We finished ordering and eating then ordered Mexican coffee. The bill came, we paid and were enjoying the coffee when a manager came over to tell us people were waiting for our table. 
Our bill with tip $200 so it was not like we were just taking up space.
I won't return
We walked into a 1/2 empty restaurant and they said they were reserved until 8 despite having three empty tables. And people about to leave. No worries I will not frequent this establishment ever.
My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our experience at Blue Corn. He's Mexican, and he usually has comments about most Mexican restaurants we go to. He loved this meal. He devoured his plate. I got the salmon, which I don't normally eat fish and it was really good. Something to note, the summer sangria is amazing. I order sangria pretty everywhere I go, and this was the best I've had in a long, long time. I loved it. Their cocktails are the reason I will be going back the dessert was also really good. Looking for good food and good drinks? This place has it all!!
Exceptional! What a welcome addition to the city! We were pleased with the authentic and elegant experience we had here. Everything we tasted was delicious, and the service was great. It's not in the best location, though, so we had a nice view of homeless people and druggies walking by broken down cardboard boxes...may I suggest closing the shades? But otherwise, this was awesome. We plan on returning again and again to try many other dishes. They have a variety of authentic Mexican cuisine to choose from; this is REAL Mexican food. The prices are reasonable, too, on both the drinks and the food. Try their michelada (beer cocktail). You will not be disappointed!

One more thing....CASH ONLY! Found that out the hard way when we had to go to the ATM to get a tip for our server!
There are several great casual Mexican joints in the Italian Market, and Blue Corn takes it up several notches--a cozy, sit-down restaurant with tasty cocktails and excellent service. 

My husband and I tried a trio of seafood tacos (shellfish and fish) as well as a flank steak with beans--both were fresh and delicious. I also enjoyed the margarita with jalapeño margarita. Definitely recommend.
Excellent find in the little Italian market district. The tacos are excellent here - very fresh! The salad and daily special, fried calamari were excellent. Service is good as well. We tried the blue taco, the skirt steak the the 6 tacos with skirt steak, chorizo, and chicken, 2 pieces each - they were all delicious! Their price is very reasonable - we hope to be back soon!
I got the 3 veggie tacos at happy hour for $6 and they were so good, if a little small! I also tried the Macho Margarita at the recommendation of another patron and it was very good, but very spicy! I would definitely come back for more, as everyone was very nice and the prices (at least at happy hour) were good.
I'm very picky when it comes to Mexican food, having traveled there many times and sampled the very best. Philly has some wonderful choices and Blue Corn ranks right up there. Food was excellent, authentic, and affordable. Service was fast and friendly too. Will definitely be coming back. What a hidden gem!
Had a great brunch here although dinner is very good as well. I have a deep love of chilaquiles for breakfast and they kill it. Service is seriously good. Not expected in the usual Mexican fare. To be honest it a really good restaurant regardless of cuisine. Had steak at dinner and it was reasonable and first rate.  It's in the heart of the Italian market and they rock it! Mucho Bueno!!
Stopped while at the Italian market. Went on yelp reviews. 

Excellent service and food!   Seated and served right away. 

Cerviche and fish tacos were delish! 

Highly recommended.
Saw this place on FYI Philly and had to check it out.  We got the specials which were a shrimp corn cilantro and chorizo mix and prime rib with chimichurri and jalapeño mashed potatoes.  The flavor was amazing.  

I loved the two different salsas: smoky or green sweet.  Both amazing.  We will be back
Wow!!!! Amazing food. Ive had Mexican cuisine in all parts of the us and Mexico and this place is great. Well balanced dishes, great service and try the coffee. I will definitely recommend this place and come back frequently.
Good salsa verde. Queso fundido was great as was the pastor tacos. The flan was tasty. Would definitely come back but since it doesn't have tres leches it might be some time before we return.
So I am Mexican And i just had a great meal  at "blue corn" and I loved it! 
The whole thing, sopecitos, ensalada de nopales, And a classic Margarita

So I had to share it with everybody!  Even if it means I will have to make a long line next time to get In there. 

Finally I find a Mexican restaurant in my neighborhood that I love.  It is like eating in Mexico City in La Zona Rosa! ( That is where many great Mexican restaurants in Mexico City are)

I have tried several of the Mexican restaurants in the Italian  market area. 
They all disappoint me. I am allergic to MGS and I often get sick after eating their food because they use Goya seasonings that contains MSG.  They often have bad service, incompetent waiters and food that is not Mexican like the Mexican food I eat in Mexico.  Blue Corn is like the food I eat in an upscale restaurant in Mexico! 

Anyway if Blue Corn stays being what it was today for me, they will be my favorite place to eat at least once a week. Ah! And the prices are not bad, the decor is ok. Better than the other places.  I will keep trying other things from their menu.

The service is excellent ( we had Agustin) and  the food is the best I had in any Mexican Restaurant in Philly. The dessert, cheese cake was just ok. I had better. I will try another one next time. The margarita was excellent, the nopales needed for me a little bit  of olive oil and lemon but it was  still really good and the sopecitos were  oh my God,  they were  the  way they should be: humble with a superiority complex. Yummy...

Love You Blue Corn.  Do you love me back!  I even left  a bigger tip that I normally do.

Ah and for the person that saw homeless, they are free to walk once in a while on 9th street, it is not a private street, you know.... I live here and I have  not noticed them...
Very fresh and wholesome ingredients. The Poblana soup had corn kernels, poblano peppers, and a tomato cream base and was utterly divine. We also tried the Blue Huarache, which I would recommend for vegetarians, as it's very flavorful and comes on a large, thick fresh blue corn(!) tortilla. We also had chicken pibil tacos which come on fresh, green-tinged tortillas (cilantro in the tortilla!). This place is excellent. Philly is so lucky to have it. At last, a real contender!
Stopped in with a random hankering for tequila and tortillas. I had two margaritas and the pollo azteca.  Both were awesome, chicken was absolutely perfectly cooked. The service was perfect and I'm considering sleeping on a pillow of their warm tortillas and swimming in a sea of their verde. The guacamole was simple which I appreciate more than anything.  Simple and delicious. Fresh and bright.
Excellent tacos & excellent service !!!!  Different type of salsas picantes and different type of Tacos. The restaurant was very colorful .
Not worth the trip. Our lunch started nicely with a warm welcome from our waiter. Corn chips and salsa and our drinks were brought out quickly. The corn chips were an odd color but tasty. We were looking forward to the next course. Hubby ordered the Cuban sandwich and I got the quesadillas. BAD choices. The Cuban should be called 'everything and the kitchen sink'. It was topped with a hot dog. Gross. The quesadillas were stuffed with three different fillings. The only edible one was corn and beans. Another was canned mushrooms. 
There must be better Mexican in the city.
