I see a blue door and I want my coffee black
No Starbucks anymore I want my Stumptown black
I see the girls come by to steam and mix the joes
I have to drain the cups until my headache goes

I see a line of hipsters get'n their coffee black
With macbooks and their tats, I hope never to come back
The locals turn their heads and scoff in disarray
Like park'n tickets it just happens ev'ryday

I look inside myself and see my liver's black
I see the blue door, I must have my coffee black
Maybe then I'll write away and not have to face the crap
It's not easy walking out when you just wanna turn right back

No more lattes made of an inferior brew  
The milk is now warm and sugar is out on queue
If I wish hard enough before the setting sun
My barista will delivery, and now I'm on the run 

I see Bodhi's door and I want my coffee black
La Columbe is no more I want my Stumptown black
I see the girls finish a cold brewed fresh latte
Such a perfect mix you just have made my day 

Hmm hmm hmm hmm hm hmmm hmm hmm hmm hmmh hm hmmmmmm

Hmm hmm hmm hmm hm hmmm hmm hmm hmm hmmh hm hmmmmmm

I want to see it brewed black, java black
Black as night, black as coal
I wanna a fresh cup, and I want it fast
I wanna see it brewed, brewed, brewed, brewed black
F' Yeah

Hmm hmm hmm hmm hm hmmm hmm hmm hmm hmmh hm hmmmmmm
I stopped by Bodhi for the first time yesterday afternoon and I have to say, my feelings are inconclusive. 

What I loved:

The quaint shop, with bright colors and a country feel. 

Cupcakes are from Betty's Speakeasy (which is located in my neighborhood and is a place I frequent).

The barista was friendly and engaging.

In addition to the indoor seating there were a couple tables and chairs outside, where I happily sipped my iced coffee, even if I was on a major angle.

What I'm unsure about: 

The coffee. Which is kind of the point here. Something about the taste was just off to me, and yet strangely addictive at the same time. 

More visits are required for me to really decide my feelings, so until then, three stars.
Nice little coffee shop, pretty good coffee to boot.  It's a short walk from the hotel in Penn's landing.
Bodhi, in addition to having iced green tea and the best dill chicken salad (on a Wild Flour brioche bun, natch) now also takes PLASTIC! 

Huzzah! I'm moving in.
Really, there isn't much I DON'T like about Bodhi. Even the name makes me smile. Talk about sticking to the theme - EVERYTHING about this adorable shop is local...even down to the light fixtures. In the back there is a retail shelf with beautiful locally produced items of all sorts - from sauces and dry goods to chocolates and spices. The sandwich case boasts some beautiful sandwiches and sweet bars. AND Bodhi is one of the shops that carry Betty's Speakeasy cupcakes. 
           Don't like what their brew of the day is? No PROBLEM! Choose one of the many roasts they also sell in bulk and they'll brew you a cup on the spot. The baristas are friendly, accomodating, knowledgable; and judging by the way the place is populated every time I have been in or even peeked in the window, everyone has caught on. 
         So I know you're saying, "But Gale - if you love it so much, why are you not going for the money shot of 5 stars?" Well, I have a thing about coffee...I need - nay, DEMAND - a dark roast. I need an espresso roast or a deep dark French that slips down my throat like a muddy stream and leaves a full and nutty warmth in its' wake. I dislike any coffee that has notes of floral, citrus, sweetness, or is described as bright and uplifting...I need robust, chocolatey, full-bodied, bordering on char. Light roast? Save it. Medium blend? Go f*** yourself. If I'm forced to pay over $2 per cup when I go into a shop, I want to make the shop earn my approval with a flavor that wows. Being fully "wowed" is a rareity for me in a shop...more often than not I am only "deeply satisfied", and this comes more from the company I am keeping or the atmosphere that creates a rich experience. Bodhi is fantastic for all these reasons, but the coffee that I chose, which was described to me as dark, was, well, deeply satisfying. 
           I WILL be eating one of their breakfast sandwiches one day, as when I was here once with a friend the egg/cheese/muffin she was savoring nearly made me turn into the tazmanian devil. But I really value her presence in my life, so instead of blabbering jibberish and hurriedly snatching her sandwich off the plate and shoving it in my mouth, I just swalled my saliva as it formed. You CAN take me in public, I swear.
          SO, to sum up: as a crescendo to a parade through the Headhouse Farmers' Market, Bodhi is the perfect stop. Bodhi - BODHI - ...I just can't get enough of that name.
FINALLY!  Bodhi Coffee has opened (right next to Xochitl and Cafe Nola)!  Brewing Stumptown coffee that includes certified organic and direct trade beans, Bodhi Coffee brings the Headhouse Square neighborhood socially responsible coffee and tea. 

It seems as though they've thought of everything to support local businesses and minimize the carbon footprint involved in bringing coffee to you - repurposed glass made into light fixtures from Mount Airy, pastries from Artisan Boulanger Patissier in South Philly, cheeses from Hillacres Pride Farm, organic waste removed by Bennett Compost, tea from The House of Tea on 4th Street - I imagine the list goes on and on, but I stopped asking questions so the staff could take the time and care to brew my coffee.  I think they are even working on biodegradeable cups. Heck, you can bring your own mug to go even greener.

Try the hand poured coffee with a bagel with spreadable fromage.  

Getting a cuppa here (and some water for the pup) will complete my Sunday morning strolls through Headhouse Square Farmers Market.  Bodhi Coffee, you have made mine runneth over.
The smooth shots of Stumptown Coffee poured at Bodhi are as slick as the decor at this trim, sunny cafe facing the historic "Shambles" of Headhouse Square.

Organic fare + boutique beans means happy, caffeinated neighbors and great people-watching on fine days.  Bodhi translates to "enlightenment"; appropriate, since coffee is a cornerstone of creation!

Cash only for the nonce.
When I first read about Bodhi Coffee opening on Twitter (sometimes it is useful!) I knew I was destined to fall in love with it, and eagerly anticipated its opening day. And from that very first day, to just a few hours ago when they were cool enough to recognize me from setting foot during it, Bodhi hasn't missed a beat as being on of the best coffeehouses in Philly. Not to shabby for a spot that's only been open just a little shy of a month!

When I had my first sip of Stumptown Coffee from Honest Tom's Taco Truck I found it to be an enlightening blend of beans. So the fact that Bodhi is the only coffee house in Philly to offer it was an instant selling point. And they deliver it brilliantly, especially in the form of the most potent and exhilarating iced coffee that your likely to ever have! but they don't stop there since they also have a fine assortment of teas.

The fresh and organic food options that they have range from Zahav's delectable hummus, to brownies that deliver a whole new meaning of chocolate goodness. Add in the sandwiches that I look forward to trying (thanks to Felecia for tipping me off that they use the same rolls as the Rouge Burger!), and the incredible service that they deliver, and I'm destined to be here a lot!
I visited Bodhi Coffee a month or two ago on the recommendation from a coffee guru friend who spoke very highly of the place.  After a lunch of champions at Federal Donuts (fried chicken and donut sandwich), a good friend and I rolled on over to Bodhi to wash our lunch down with a pour over coffee.  My partner in crime who was with me is much more of a coffee geek than I, and told me that the "pour over" method must be tried.  Our barista, Gannett(?), served us each a pour over, and explained that the beans that are used are from Stumptown Roasters out of the Pacific Northwest.  Wow.  The beans I had chosen were Guatemalan, and the coffee came out perfect containing an immense amount of depth without having that strong, overly roasted flavor.  This was not a dark roast bean, so the milder subtler flavors were much more distinguishable.  Great freaking cup of coffee.  For those that aren't aware, like me, the pour over method is when the barista hand pours hot water out of a special type of kettle with a steady even stream over the ground beans that sit on a filter where the coffee, then drips into a vessel below.  It takes a steady hand, and obviously practiced skill.  

Unfortunately, we did not have a lot of time to kill in Bodhi as both of us had to get back to work, but I will definitely return soon.  This is a place that really takes coffee seriously with a major respect invested from where the beans are sourced all the way through every step to the final product in your mug.  I don't think you have to be an uber coffee nerd to appreciate the final product, because in the end it's a damn fine cup of joe.  I can't attest to the quality of the food or other products in Bodhi, but I can only assume that they put as much thought into those as well.  I'll be back...
For some reason I usually find myself here after a mildly stressful event, like a trip to the vet or running the toddler/vegetable/reusable shopping bag gauntlet at the farmer's market. I walk into Bodhi and draw a deep, cleansing breath. Everyone's so pleasant here. You can sit outside or people watch through the big window. They have nice sandwiches and fancy caramels. 

And the coffee! Roasted right, brewed right; it is a really, really good cup of coffee.
Calling all drip coffee drinkers!  Especially those who drink it black. Bodhi coffee has the right stuff for you. The coffee has a well-balanced, good flavor and isn't weak!!  I hate going out for coffee because most places serve weak coffee, but not bodhi. It was so good that we came back three days in a row, while on vacation. 

Cute spot, vintage decor, hip vibe. I'll definitely be back!
Wow,

I think I have been to every shop in Philadelphia (except for chains). Bodhi is by far the best. 
-Firstly, amazing coffee and espresso. 
-Really friendly and knowledgeable staff. I am fairly new to specialty coffee and these guys answer any questions that I have. A few of them compete in barista competitions too.
-It is big enough that there is always an open seat but small enough that it feels cozy
-Free wireless, no constantly changing password, no time limit.
-Awesome music. Not super pop-y
-Nice bathroom too
This is a really cute little shop. I stopped in with some friends who were visiting from out of town last weekend--we needed a little caffeine boost after a late night out. 

It was very quiet and relaxing inside. I would imagine this would be a great place to get some work done or settle in with a book for a couple of hours. The barista was friendly and took extreme care while making our drinks, even though it was a little busy and he had a line to deal with. My latte was very good.

I also picked up a double chocolate chip cookie to snack on. I forgot to ask where the baked goods come from--the place is pretty small so I would assume they're not made in house. The cookie was great though, with lots of chocolate and a sprinkling of sea salt on the top.

It's close to my house, so I'm sure I'll be back. Next time I plan to hang around for a bit.
After my first trip to the Headhouse Farmer's Market I knew that I wanted some caffeine.  I should amend my previous statement by saying, I knew I wanted some caffeine delivered to me in the form of a really tasty beverage preferably from a place that I had heard great things about but had never actually been to.

Enter Bodhi stage left.

As I walked into the smallish coffee house I could see some tables off to my right, a large picture window and a really cool looking coffee bar along the right side wall.  I have a real thing for small coffee houses and well, I felt right at home walking in here.  I saw a serious espresso machine, some PT's coffee in the background and the equipment for pour-over brewing.  I was pleased.

The baristas greeted me kindly and asked me what I was in the mood for.  I said, something "full bodied".  I don't exactly recall what I got, but it was delicious.  I sat and watched as she measured out the beans, filled the kettle with hot water and did the pour-over method.  The result, a hot (not piping), full-bodied, delicious cup of coffee that I got to sit and enjoy over some good conversation.

I now have yet another great coffee shop that's walkable from my house.

Thank you Bodhi, fine job.
Probably the best lavender latte I've ever had! They make their own syrups in house and the flavor is really lovely  I came back my second day in town bc I wanted another one, but bc of the heat outside I ended up with their cold brew mint julep which also had great flavor again with in house syrups. The inside of the coffee shop is a bit plain but has a cool underground glad you stumbled upon this place kinda vibe!
What a pleasant oasis from a sea of cafes - this morning I had my first cup from the newly-opened Bodhi Coffee house - brewed using the unique Stumptown coffeebean ... AMAZING! The coffee was robust and tasty; without that burnt edge you get elsewhere. 

The space was lovingly built piece by piece; much of the cafe was built using reclaimed material; the lighting alone makes me envious! 

This will easily be a regular stop when passing through the South Street Headhouse Square district ... nice job!
I've been a repeated customer since this place opened within couple of steps from my front door.  I recommend the single cup hand poured brew of their Stumptown coffee.  Very smooth.  Every server is very helpful and friendly.  

They also have assortments of pastries, teas, and etc from other local businesses in the area.  The chocolate brownies were awesome.
"Coffee of velvet. Chair of nails."

Satiny, mellow coffee to take in while gazing out through old glass window panes onto Headhouse Square.

Clean, retro-modern design with an acute sense of the honest and real: wood, metal, Edison light bulbs, concrete.

A refreshing lack of corporate anything.

Congenial folks behind the counter.

Pleasant, relaxing music. I.e.,  not the standard wigga hiphop which brings tears to my smile.

Does not appear to double as a homeless shelter, as so many coffee shops do. (Phew.)

Excellent sandwich selection with quality ingredients.

Teeny cupcakes for $2.25 - makes me not want to buy them.

Now for the tough love: IT HURTS LIKE CRAZY TO SIT ON YOUR CHAIRS. That's a pretty big statement coming from someone like me. Really, it is. For I've lived a long life. And I've sat on pretty much everything.
This is a handsome little coffee bar. The baristas seem knowledgeable but the few times I've been there I've been disappointed. I like to use coffee jargon as sparingly as possible but I wish I was more specific about my cappuccino---really wet (not much foam, too much milk). It was on the cold side, too. Bummer. I'm not a fan of lattes and prefer my cappuccino dry. Chai is made with store-bought concentrate. Also a bummer. Pour-over, however, was good! 

Seating is very limited and uncomfortable, very small tables. I still really want to like it here and will likely try again next time I'm in the neighbourhood.
It was one of THOSE mornings.  The kind that isn't actually a morning, but more a mid-day. One in which you wake up on a friend's couch with melted cheese in your hair. You have to make the trek back west but need some sort of fuel for the trip, and in spite of your squalid state, you refuse to compromise on your coffee/pastry quality.
 
Needless to say, Bodhi Coffee delivered, both in quality of product and in making me feel a little farther from death. I shuffled in, told the barista that it was my first time there and that I needed a minute to look at their offerings. I ended up getting an iced coffee and pain au chocolat to go.  He was extremely friendly and told me to come back again soon, even asking if I had just moved into the area. During this discussion I realized that there was melted cheese on my longchamp bag. 

The iced coffee was delicious and rich (almost malty) in flavor.  I drank it black. It rejuvenated my being. 

The pain au chocolat was delicious, buttery, and fresh. I can see why I got the last one, they must sell out every day! 

I plan on returning sometime soon when I am more coherent to bathe in the ambiance and stick around for a refill (or two).
It's not difficult to find a good coffee house in Philadelphia, so the outstanding cafes really stand out.  I've frequented Bodhi since it opened last April and found the place to be simplisticly charming with the proper blend of great products, friendly service and artisan-crafted drinks.  

Apart from the killer location of Headhouse Square, it's a great spot to get a drip coffee or rich mocha after rummaging through the Farmer's Market on Sunday.  I particularly loved escaping into the warm shop and getting a hot cup after shoveling snow last winter - their Stumptown coffee can perk even the exhausted!  

Their coffee blends are a bit pricy but exquisite nonetheless (You do get what you pay for, after all - I would prefer an Audi A8 in a cup then a Honda Element crap drip) but as a northwest native, I'm partial to the Portland Stumptown brand.  If you don't like strong coffee, I'd ask them to put an ice cube or a little water in your cup to mellow the bite (especially if you get the Hairbender blend) but for the daring that enjoy bolder flavors, you won't be disappointed.

You'll find many local organic packaged foods and a few baked goods here and they'll recycle all of your garbage which is a refreshing change in our grimy "just chuck your trash anywhere" city. 

Overall, I'd recommend this shop to anyone and think it is by far one of the best in Philly.
This is based on the chai latte alone, as this place is pretty cute and cozy and has a nice view overlooking Headhouse Square. 

The guy making my drink pulled out a box (we're talking like the boxes of chicken broth you buy at the supermarket with the little plastic spout) of pre-made liquid Tazo chai latte mix to make my drink. Easily the worst chai I've ever had. If you're not a chain coffee shop then you should make your drinks with love, or at least with fresh ingredients.
They serve stumptown coffee here ! A little taste of Portland ,Oregon in Philly . The staff is very nice but rather slow and my lattes never seem to come out hot , Luke warm at best . You do get to sign on an iPad when you use your credit card which is kinda fun .
Outstanding Stumptown coffee- period! If you love coffee- and I mean real coffee- freshly roasted, ground and prepared properly with attention to detail, this is your place (ignore the less than 5 stars relating to non-coffee beverages like chai latte or comments on the seating). 

I ordered two drinks- a cortado and a pour-over. The cortado was exquisite. This anecdote will reveal their attention to detail and fine coffee. The barista that was doing my pour-over asked the other barista to make the cortado. He declined because he wasn't 'dialed in yet'. In other words, he had yet to pull shots that day and thus hadn't learned exactly the pressure and timing required to make an excellent shot. In other words, he knew that the shots wouldn't be good enough until he had time to learn that day's quirks. How many lame places simply push a button on a machine and hand you a milky drink? Not this place. It was worth the wait-- stiff milk (again showing attention to detail and knowledge) and glorious espresso. The pour-over was excellent. Slowly done, pre-wetted and warmed filter. Freshly ground. 

If you know and love coffee, avoid places that mostly serve food and pay little attention to their coffee-- visit Bodhi.
This is my favorite place to get coffee in Philadelphia. The vibe encourages both hanging out and doing work. The baristas pull shots of Stumptown's Hairbender with care, and it's a great espresso, so the drinks rock. Tom brings in fresh roast every week, usually on Wednesdays. This is a great thing. Everyone is nice, which unlike many places in other cities, proves that care for coffee doesn't have to be elitist. 

Bodhi should also get props for taking the risk of leasing in an area of old city that isn't exactly bustling these days. Show some love to 2nd and Pine!
I got a delicious. Mocha for $4.25 and an equally delicious pesto, egg, and fontina bagel sandwich for around $4.50. The customer service was very good and quick. The shop is rather small and was lively, but not crowded. There is also free Wi-Fi with no password. I came by myself and saw that most other people came with family (including kids) and friends. If you are looking for some place to hang out for hours at a time though, I'm not sure if this is the place because of the small size. I could be wrong though since I'm visiting from out of town.
A quiet cozy coffeehouse with serious baristas that really know their coffee. Splurge on a cappuccino and sit down to enjoy it -- you'll be wooed by the quality espresso, perfectly steamed milk and always beautiful crema rosettas. 

Prices are higher than your typical java joint, and the sandwiches are not very great, but the coffee can't be beat.
OMG Bodhi, I wish you were closer to my homestead.

The walk over to 2nd and Lombard from Bella Vista is well worth it, however.....because they're serving goddamn STUMPTOWN COFFEE!  The baristas know how to pull some slammin' shots and make some beautiful latte art!  The vibe in the store is minimalist, relaxed, and clean.

I have to come back to try the food...which looked amazing.
Ok coffee. Pretty bad customer service. On multiple occasions I've noticed everyone seems annoyed that they have to take your order. I've had to interrupt staff having personal conversations to get some service. I saw one employee just standing around writing on a piece of paper, thought maybe they were taking inventory or something. Then noticed they were just drawing doodles. I asked what kind of bagels they had and was basically told "I don't know" by an employee standing right in front of the bagel case. With so many other coffee shops in the neighborhood, I think I'll chose one of those where someone at least smiles and greets you when you walk in.
Bodhi Coffee is a neighborhood gem.

I visited the coffee-shop during a recent business trip to Philadelphia.  The baristas were very friendly. The coffee, made from Stumptown beans, was excellent. I tried a few of their sandwiches during my stay. The mozzarella and tomato was divine, and the breakfast sandwich - a concoction of pesto, cheese, and sliced hard-boiled eggs - was unexpectedly good and a recipe I plan to make at home. The baked goods, especially their almond croissants, were also delicious. 

Thank you for your hospitality and great service!
Went early on during a quiet Philly weekend. I got the egg sandwich and my boyfriend got the lox bagel on a sundried tomato bagel with a dirty chai. The coffee was truly delicious. The egg sandwich was also enjoyable, especially with the havarti. For a vegetarian sandwich the flavors were fairly complex and I was happy with my order. The lox bagel was also good.
As a self-proclaimed food and drink snob, I cannot give this place enough praise.  

I discovered it last week and have been there like 5 times since. 

Have had the mocha, americano, hand pour and all have been A+.

Do yourself a favor and get a hand-pour coffee!! Totally worth the money.  Amazing.
I feel guilty loving this place so much as Chestnut Hill Coffee is my spot. 
Hand poured drip stumptown beans of crazy quality in ceramic milita type cones. 
Barista didn't feel the need to make me feel like I was bothering her or not as fucking badass and pissed as she was.
Not being an elitist is not a prerequisite for enjoying  great coffee here.
The barista was super friendly and informative while being efficient..not talking and slacking.  That she cared about making a good cup of joe was evident and not hard to do if you have a soul - she was refreshing and I hope that the other barostas are the same.

On the other hand: 
Tom the owner was cocky and unappreciative of how thankful and impressed I was that this place has amped up our coffee scene. Not saying he isn't nice or anything...but he seemed more annoyed that I was so happy they were here and amping up the coffee scene to a level once mostly a west coast deal.
IDK - If he opened this place he still is cool and must be decent  however, 
he just kinda seemed like a dick with enough money to open the place.
Now, I wouldn't mention him if I wasn't told who he was when he came in and I hadn't expressed my gratitude for a place to spend my money.

 
Alas - who cares though,  the brew was bonerific and I could sit and drink it til my heart exploded. 

I hope Chestnut Hill Coffee start hand pour and also one or 2 baristas there leave there douche attitude in the ash tray of the Prius.
What an amazing find this was....and all thanks to my yelp app! I had an hour to spare waiting to see a movie at the Ritz and checked my phone to see where I could get a snack and a great cup of coffee. Bodhi popped up and I couldn't have been luckier!

I ordered what basically looked to me like a modified cuban sandwich. Hot pressed with spicy mustard and layered with tons of pickles....was actually to die for good!

The iced coffee with milk and sugar might have been one of the best I've ever had and I find myself extremely picky when it comes to coffee. It was creamy but strong and the perfect temperature. I posted up in the window with my buddies and the hour quickly slipped away!

Thanks bodhi!
Stopped in for a cup and talked to the owner.  Found out he is opening a traditional donut shop on 2nd and Federal in a few months... we're talking a dozen "hot donuts stuffed in a bag with powdered sugar and shaken" kind of awesome.  Don't miss it!

They will also sell them at Bodhi - should be a perfect treat to accompany a cup of Hairbender!!!!!
Nice spot to grab a good coffee. It was pretty quiet when I was there on a random weekday morning at 7-something AM, but I'd wonder if it gets loud later in the day. It is small, so if you're trying to do work you may want to keep it in mind. 

I also did an everything bagel, and without asking it was toasted pretty dark, the way  I like em. 

Good spot, will return.
Cute, welcoming,clean and great coffee. I think it was the owner who waited on me. You can tell this place is his love. It just shows. I didn't get a chance to try any of the food. But it looked yummy enough. I'm always looking for good coffee and a place to hide out. Ill be back. The only reason I can't give it 5 stars, is my loyalty to my one and only true love, cafe' ole'
I've had the chance to visit Bodhi a couple of times, trying a macchiato and a hand-poured drip. Both were fabulous. The baristas were friendly and confident, and the atmosphere is nice as well. Easily recommendable.
Lately the music has been obnoxiously loud and distracting. It makes it really hard to work on anything or talk to the person sitting next to you. The espresso has gone somewhat downhill depending on who makes your drink. The brewed coffee and iced coffee are the only things really worth getting here.
I think Bodhi Coffee is becoming my favorite office-out-of-the-office... The staff is extremely friendly, making it a perfect place to hang out with my laptop and still feel social.
The coffee, if slightly expensive, is high quality and will give you the kick you need to go on with your day. My personal favorite: Iced Mocha... not overly sweet like you would find in many places; perfect balance of coffee & cocoa. Not to mention the delicious treats on the counter that I'm, desperately and unsuccessfully, trying to stay away from...
Stopped in here to do some work, also wanted to try their cold brew.  There are some things I like about this place.  Nice and cozy but a little dim for working unless you sit right by the window.  I was a little disappointed with the cold brew, it tasted a little watered down.  I didn't even finish it.  I don't know, not impressed with the coffee so far, maybe need to try hot coffee or espresso here.
One thing I really enjoyed about the place is the bar table right at the window, chairs are uncomfortable if you sit for long but you get a direct view of the outside along with some plants right in front of you.  There are also some seats outdoors on the sidewalk.  Nice and quiet area.
This place is AMAZING.... In Philly...the former land of diner coffee, this new wave of coffee shops is changing the lay of the land. And for those of us who like our coffee strong and flavorful...we will ride our bikes from West Philly to drink it.

Recently returning from Portland, Oregon I was pretty skeptical of Philly coffee. But Bodhi delivers! Not to mention the vibe is great, the people who work there are great, and the food is good. 

Open in West Philly...please!
Bodhi ain't your typical corporate coffee chains startin' with a S... and if it ever got to that point, I bet Bodhi would slap itself upside the head and shut down out of pure shame.  While the place itself is tiny and quaint, reminiscent of an English teahouse, the coffee is straight from the caffeinated roots of the Pacific Northwest.  Adorable paper cups inked on the side with the Bodhi logo and a friendly barista lend itself to that laidback PNW atmosphere, even without the added oomph appeal of this Philly coffeehouse being one of very few places in the city to serve Stumptown Coffee.

If this place wasn't so hard to get to during my morning commute, I'd be mainlining this place every blessed weekday.
A cute, quaint breath of fresh air at the end of the strange South Street area. Friendly baristas and calm atmosphere. Not much seating, but a great place to meet up with someone or get some work done. 

Great coffee, solid. CHEAP refills (25 cents extra!). A great place overall, I'll definitely be back more often.
First of all, best coffee in town

Second of all, and I'm serious about this - best croissants in town

Last but not least, the folks here are down to earth and don't make you feel like a coffee newb when it's your first time with hand pour.

Special thanks to Jake and cronie for being awesome.
I could not be happier to have Bohdi in the neighborhood. You truly feel like each person who works there knows coffee and the nuances of making a perfect, made-to-order drink. The sandwiches are good, as is the granola with yogurt and fruit. Emily is our favorite barista, but honestly, everyone who works there is a delight.
I was one of the many that waited in anticipation for the opening of Bodhi.  Since Cosi closed on 2nd street we didn't have a nearby coffee house and I ended up going to Philly Java which is pretty good but the music is too loud and interferes with those of us who like to listen to our own but I digress. 
Bodhi is a cool space, small and intimate.  The servers are very nice and friendly.  But there are some serious flaws here.  First, the seating sucks.  The high stools are unstable and the table space is very limited.  The wooden chairs wobble and being able to balance a hot cup of coffee with a book or laptop is nearly impossible.  So much for the ambiance.

My biggest criticism is their coffee.  The house brews are from Stumphouse but they are super strongly brewed to the point of truly distasteful bitterness.  I love strong coffee and drink it black with no sugar but the Bodhi brews are just too strong.  The iced coffee is also really bad.  I also drink it black with some simple syrup in it to give it a bit of sweetness.  I tried it once and after near $ 4 with a tip walked a block and a half away tasted it twice and tossed it out. I was so hopefully we would have a cool place to drink coffee in the neighbor but I have been really disappointed at Bodhi.
Cute and cozy (read:small) coffee shop with modern farmhouse feel in Society Hill offers a good selection of NY's Stumptown coffee plus a small selection of tea (3 black, 3 green, maybe 5 herbal) and related finger foods. It's quiet, has wi-fi, and about 7 tables plus window and counter seating so its good for quiet conversation or as an office, which is seemingly how many people use it. Good luck getting a table though as many people camp out here for the afternoon. Service is friendly and the bathroom is super clean.
Bodhi is nothing short of lovely. The front window is a prime perch for watching snowflakes fall while sipping on Bancha tea. The Synesso is the dream machine of baristas and gourmands alike. Airy and well lit, you will be remiss if you fail to notice the salvaged lights, chairs and handsomely selected accents throughout.
I adore this place. I used to live a 30minute drive away and would indulge myself with a latte and stroll around the Society Hill area just to visit this cute cafe during those crazy winter days (watch out for ice patches on those cobble stones!). 

Their foam is beyond perfection if not inspirational to me. Not too dry and airy but somewhat on the dense side so that it melts smoothly into the perfect ratio of soothing milk and espresso lying below. The foam art is ALWAYs on point by their friendly attentive baristas, too! This is no easy feat as my barista-ing days in San Francisco are long over.

This is hands down my favorite coffee place is Philly (not going to lie-- Philly has a lot of awesome contenders such as Elixr and Menagerie). 

Another incredible plus I found out today is that they are furry paw animal friendly! There is a water bowl outside and a few tables where my furry baby and I enjoyed an amazing morning. I'm so glad I live much closer now and can enjoy this place more easily.

There is very doable "free" 2 hour residential parking as well as plenty of meter parking nearby.
This cafe gets 4 stars for being an independent establishment that knows how to brew a good coffee concoction. I often drive across town to get a good cup of Joe.  However, I am disappointed that Bohdi no longer carries Stunptown Coffee and has moved to beans from other coffee roasters.  That's ashame and I don't know why they cannot see Stumptown is an Indy coffee institution that should not be thrown by the way side.
Dude ... coffee madness. Get your ass to Bodhi. this is what java is supposed to taste like
Great place for a meeting or to study. Im here studying with my friend for an exam. Great sandwhiches, the cucumber one with goat cheese was fantastic!! (But come early for the food)  nice chill music and great overall atmosphere.
Ok, must admit, I am torn...

Cute place. I would be happy to spend an afternoon here typing away on my ibook. The space is light and airy and I got a glimpse today of what may or may not be a courtyard through the back door. If it's not, and it's possible, I'd really try to make it one - if I were the Bohdi folks. 

Great coffee with friendly staff. And a very nice bathroom. 

So, I've been here twice. I still don't know where at the counter I should be ordering - a friendly "order here" sign would be a nice addition. On my last visit, the steamed milk for my latte was short (like a 1/4 cup short). The server asked me if I cared (albeit very nicely), instead of apologizing and immediately making more. I said no, because I wanted to be gracious - but is the customer supposed to be the gracious one? In any case, she still charged me full price. I was surprised. I would have defaulted to charging for the next smallest size, especially if I hadn't immediately offered to steam more milk. 

The prices are a bit steep - I only got a few coins in change back from my $5 for the stunted latte - which is the only reason I would not make Bodhi a regular coffee stop. 

I haven't tried any of the food yet, but there is a small menu of bagels, sandwiches, etc. available. 

In any case, assuming a little smoothing around the edges, I think Bodhi is a welcome addition to Headhouse Square.
Stopped in here for a drink. It seemed like a very nice coffee shop if you wanted to study or do some work onto just sit and relax. It's painted white so it has a calm vibe to it. Interesting decor too.

I ordered the ice chai latte and it was okay. Some of the other drinks that came out looked better. Probably would give this place a higher rating if I was there to stay for a while but based solely on the drink I bought, it is 3 stars.
Somehow there's a cool vibe going on here, despite the fact that it is atmospherically spartan, possibly since it is still so new (only open about a month at the time of this writing).

The cappuccino is well done, made with Stumptown beans and layered properly, second IMHO only to Spruce Street Espresso.
I'm excited that there is another great coffee shop in Philly, this one serving up excellent Stumptown coffee. I had a cappuccino and a Chemex brewed cup, and they were both outstanding. The location on Headhouse Square is great. Perfect place to grab a cup before or after shopping the farmer's market on Sunday.
Best iced lattes in the city. I have no idea what they put in them to make them so damn good!! Great location and nice laid-back atmosphere.
Love this place. Try to go here once a week when I can. Staff is always friendly. I really enjoy the low-key environment and spare decor, with a good mix of people.

Fantastic coffee and lattes.
We stopped in to Bodhi around 10am on a Sunday morning. It was pretty crowded, but the barista's were all really nice and greeted everyone with a smile. We ordered some  cold brews and a blueberry scone and then sat outside in front of the farmer's market. The coffee was a little bitter but the scone was one of the best I've ever had. It was hearty, yet soft and fluffy on the inside and filled with blueberries. 5 stars for the scone, 3 for the cold brew coffee.
Grabbed an iced coffee after shopping at the Headhouse Market.  It was very tasty and the air conditioned shop was a nice reprieve from the intense heat outside.
As soon as I had their coffee -- powerfully complex but smooth and just...so tasty! -- I knew this is the only place I wanted to go. Marco and I had a really interesting chat about the change in city populations after I bemoaned the bankers who ruined New York and led my artist partner and I here to try on a city that seems to still celebrate scrappiness, where people of all walks still seem to find a place for themselves. I share this aside to say: this coffee came with an interesting chat, and isn't that why we opt to buy a cup we could make? Exceptional coffee, great vibes (tasty pastries, too!)
There are so many coffee shops in the Philly area, I have to say this is one of my favorites so far! I've visited twice it's a small location with a great vibe, first time  I got the Vanilla rose latte with oat milk (which is amazing btw) today I found out they only had that flavor on trip so I tried the Vanilla lavender latte very different but refreshing and the oat milk definitely makes a difference ! The staff is always super nice and welcoming can't wait to come back!!
Located by South street in old city, this place is a hidden gem. The inside is fairly small, quiet and quaint. Very peaceful place to work on your computer. The coffee is great and they have a small assortment of pastries to choose from. I really like the decor in here, if I owned a coffee shop I'd want it to look like this. The staff is also friendly and helpful. They have a few tables outside as well if you want to enjoy the weather.
Very chill spot it's 8 in the morning and it's pretty relaxing, the coffee a decent size but might get pushed if more people were here.
Love this place. It's so cozy and friendly. Been coming here for theirs lattes with Oat milk. Simple the best coffee in the area!
I live in the neighborhood, so this place is convenient.

Very friendly staff. The coffee it's self is pretty good but not the best this city has to offer.

Espresso beverages are a little weak here in my humble opinion.

All in all, if your looking for a cozy spot, with a nice vibe and a friendly staff, this is a pretty good spot.
This is my go-to coffee shop in Headhouse Square. My friends and I usually come here about 2-3 times per week. They have fun drinks (like the lavender latte) and good staples, like iced coffee. They also recently started selling ice cream. The staff here are very fun and friendly, too. Especially Bean, with the cool hair. Would definitely recommend this place for a simple but lovely coffee shop.
Love this place. It's so cozy and friendly. Been coming here for theirs lattes with Oat milk. Simple the best coffee in the area. 
After coming here for so long, just find out that they have a reward program buy 10 get 1 free coffee. They will not promote it.
