BonChon, welcome to Philadelphia, and welcome to Chinatown. 
I called to make sure they were open, and when I got there I realized it was their soft opening day, I ordered my lunch to- go so this is more of a preview until I dine-in properly!

Some take home notes:
1/ BonChon is Korean for "My Hometown" or "origin"!

2/ My Order: I ordered the combo of wings and drums with a mix of Hot sauce and Soy Garlic sauce. The Chicken was so D.E.L.I.C.I.O.U.S. Crisp shell from the outside and juicy and tender from the inside. The garlic soy chicken was not overpowering or garlicky, which I liked. The spicy chicken, however, Oh boy! After the first bite, I jumped off my seat to grab the fire extinguisher!!  As soon as the chicken hit my tongue, the steam came out of my mouth & ears like immediately! Still LOVE it!! Those were serious wings!
After a couple of sips of water I enjoyed the side of Kimchi Coleslaw, even the salad is Spicy, whoever invented this dish is a genius. A cool & crunchy slaw and a tangy kimchi. My latest obsession.


3/ very Yummy chicken but the waiting time was more than one hour, I'm sure service will be improved- it's just the first day, and with the solid chicken they have I'm not concerned. 

4/ An insider told me that the key is the spices they use, and their secret is that they import their spices from Korea so no one can copy the recipe! 

Will be Back soon to burn my tongue BonChon! See ya

Three Yelps!
Bonchon is going downhill. They're not as good as they used to be. The only reason we even ordered from Bonchon is because the Pelicana near us has a limited menu and doesn't have anything else except fried chicken, and I wanted Japchae. So, we called Bonchon to place an order for wings and Japchae for dinner.

We were disappointed to see that the Japchae portions have shrank. The Japchae used to be packed in a large Styrofoam box and is good for two meals. Now, it's packed in a small round plastic Tupperware, drenched in bulgogi sauce, with many large pieces of onion on it.

Don't even get me started on the wings. We ordered only wings, but our order came with a mix of wingdings (Bonchon doesn't sell wings anymore) AND drumettes. We didn't care for drumettes so naturally we were upset when our order came with them. 

The wingdings and drumettes were over fried and dry. 

Overall, it was a very unsatisfactory meal. Never again.
Best chicken I've ever had! So crispy and flavorful. Be careful because the spicy flavor is SPICY. 
They conveniently allow you to customize the flavors so in a 10 piece- you can get 5 spicy and 5 other. 

Service was slow but it was busy. The vibe is fun- amazing chicken and k-pop music videos.
I really had fun my first time at Bonchon! We had a craving for fried chicken and he mentioned a Bonchon he used to go to in Jersey city. This particular location is a full restaurant,  while the one he went to was just take out. Told him we needed to get the full experience and dine in. 

This was Saturday night and a wait for a table was a bit long,  but we had no problem sitting at the bar.  There were a handful of TVs on,  either a choice of football or k-pop music videos, both enjoyable. 

The bartender was very friendly,  grabbed us some Sam Adam's beer and placed our orders.  He got spicy strips.  I went for the drumsticks.  I read about the spicy being super spicy for some dumb reason I said half & half. Totally should have done 4 garlic soy and 1 spicy  The bartender did give us a heads up the fried drumsticks take a bit longer to cook but I honestly didn't feel like it was too long of a wait. 

I got the pickled radish to help with the heat but my God, it's hot.  My lips,  gums and tip of my tongue were on fire. The skin was perfectly crispy and flavorful.  I loved the garlic soy and with the spicy I got thru 1 & half. The chicken itself was hot & juicy! Beautifully cooked. 

I will definitely be back for more.
My fiancé and I are big fans of BonChon and have been waiting for this place to open in Chinatown for quite some time. When I heard news that they were having a soft opening today, I hopped in the car and headed straight to Chinatown and told my fiancé to meet there!

Upon arriving at the location first, I was a bit confused on the entrance itself; you have to enter through the sliding doors of the adjacent Sleep Inn. Even with this design, I could still feel a cold draft throughout the dinner as I was seated in the corner along the windows/glass doors. They may want to consider adding a temporary second door just for the winter (if permitted by Sleep Inn?) with their logo to make it more identifiable.

The decor has a more modern look and k-pop music videos are blasting out of one of the television sets. Seating can become a bit cramped, as I was elbowed a few times by a group of 6 sitting behind me. At one point, another had leaned on my back for an awkward five seconds as if it was a restaurant version of the "moon-landing." I was like oh, hay now!

Being their soft opening, there was a limited menu of chicken and seasoned fries; I had wanted to try the Salmon avocado ball & bulgogi sliders, but I suppose that will have to wait until next time! I had arrived at 5:30PM and decided to start off with an order of the seasoned fries prior to my fiancé arriving. I later added an order of the half & half (soy garlic & hot sauce) medium combo (9 wings & 5 drumsticks).

It is now 6:00PM, and we had noticed that the adjacent table (seated 20 minutes after us) had received their order of fries when I had only one glass of water between the two of us. We flagged down a different waitress (because we had not seen our waitress since I received my one glass of water) and notified her of the situation & need for additional glass of water. Shortly after, out comes the bonchon and order of fries. We were informed that they were waiting on the chicken to come out together with the fries. This didn't seem to be an adequate explanation given fries are clearly listed as an appetizer and bonchon was the main course. 

Moving onto the actual food: the first thing we noticed was their unconventional implementation of actual drumsticks! I was not expecting full-sized drumsticks even though their menu had denoted such. We decided to tackle the soy garlic drumsticks first. For two people who were starving, we were not impressed. Because of its size, the flavor did not completely penetrate and was relatively mild when compared to Cafe Soho's soy garlic. Not only that, but for something that you were waiting on, the chicken should not come out luke-warm (which may have also contributed to the slightly soggy and chewy texture). The wings, being smaller, were a bit more flavorful but still lacked a crunch that I'd expect from being double-fried. Even the staple side dish of daikon radishes, which came out in a generous portion, was somewhat disappointing. Typically, it is served in a bowl with some liquid at the bottom, but in this case, it was served completely drained. The radishes were left lacking in tartness and became dry over the course of the dinner. The fries, however, held up its crunch/warmth throughout the dinner. (Quite possibly because that was actually what we were waiting for?)

It is now 6:20PM, and we finally receive a second glass of water. It came out in a Yeungling pint glass, so I'm assuming they ran out of regular glasses and it took some time to find a second glass to serve water in. This is where we meet our second and official waitress as she introduces herself. 

Overall, our initial experience was mediocre at best and pales in comparison to their counterpart restaurants in New York. With their grand opening being tomorrow, I hope they are able to make at least a few adjustments with both kitchen and wait staff. A majority of the staff seemed inexperienced and there were moments when my fiance noticed the waiters were just standing around staring at each other like it wasn't busy at all. I'll most likely return in a few months to see how the rest of the menu is and if the bonchon has improved; sticking only to the wings. Other than that, Cafe Soho may still be the place to go for bonchon even though it is a further drive for us.
Just because my puns are bad, don't get your panties in a Bonchon.

Super busy super trendy place to eat in Philadelphia. It's upscale and a little expensive, showing sexy K Pop vids to all the kids on Friday and Saturday nights. I recommend the wings, which are good, although honestly we were too out of it to properly critique the food. We did like it and we did think it was expensive, but we're looking forward to an encore trip when next in PHI.
Decent experience during grand opening day 2/19/2015 (Happy New Year!!!)

Cold as heck, wanting to warm up to some (spicy) fried chicken. It is a bit awkward where the entrance is located. I assume because it is winter, you have to enter through the sliding doors of the motel entrance then make a quick left. 

We lucked out when we arrived and there was no wait for a table. The bad part, we were the first table in front of the entrance. Unfortunately, it was not the best seat in the house. I strongly suggest the managers/owners to place a clothe over the first entrance door to try and attempt to shield the cold winds from getting into dining area (particularly where i was sitting). Put the logo on it too so patrons know where to go. 

The wait staff seemed to be a mix of experienced and inexperienced. I felt we had a semi-inexperienced waiter that tried very hard (maybe grand opening nerves). Overall, he did well--friendly and attentive, all you really need. 

The space i thought would be bigger since it was potentially "two stories". But the second story is half the square footage of the downstairs which is home to the bar. From what i could tell, the bathroom situation is a single (downstairs) I felt they could've fit 2 bathrooms if they tried, since the single was pretty spacious. Is there another one i don't know of? 

As we were dining, there definitely a lot of take out customers. This may or may not cause a delay in the kitchen, which i think happened to us. 

I EXPECTED to wait at least 20 minutes for the wings...why? because they should be "double fried" which results in longer cooking time. We did 8 half and half. I just had SoHo, so i can probably compare with accuracy...i'll say it here, the BonChon soy and hot are better than SoHo. However, the Bonchon wings were 'warm' not piping hot which i'd prefer at SoHo (i sat by door, so it got colder quicker). The spicy is crazy spicy, the soy is perfectly salted...and well balanced. The daikon was not that pickled, but still good. 

We ordered the japchae and fried rice (chicken). These two dishes came AFTER the wings.. which was weird since they are basically stir fries. I thought they both were delicious, the japchae being a tad sweet for my taste. They were both piping hot so that was great. 

Overall, i was impressed with the execution of the kitchen. They really got their flavors down and hope that they stay consistent, especially the wings as this is such an ideal location for korean fried chicken (compared to the other establishments in Philly). 

PS. Because of my seat, I was constantly directing people to not use the door "next to my table" and use the entrance at the motel. I felt like I was a staff member! Future discount for my services perhaps??!! jk. Place a sign on the window to alleviate confusion. 

 Overall, another great addition to the Philadelphia Chinatown scene. Definitely becoming a food mecca (with drinks to boot).
Second time trying Korean Fried Chicken and it is really good. I asked what's the secret to getting their chicken so crispy and they said it's fried twice.

Bonchon was very crowded on a Friday night. It's not as big as I thought. It's two levels and seating can be tight although it was very accommodating for our large party of 13.

Bonchon specializes in fried chicken and other korean food. The staff was very pleasant we even chatted about the upcoming Eagles game together.

Overall we ordered a large platter of half spicy and soy garlic wings. The large platter consisted of 35 wings and radishes to cool down our palate from eating the spicy flavored wings and yes it spicy. I mean running nose and watery eyes spicy! But it's good tho! The soy garlic was not spicy and tasted the best.
Why is the floor of this place always so greasy? Wait I know it's because it's a fried chicken joint.. but still.. 

Service here is pretty good; everyone is usually upbeat and friendly. The establishment itself is probably overpriced. I don't understand why bonchon is twice the cost of popeyes. 2x fried = 2x value? Logic not on point. The soy garlic will have me coming back, but that spicy is just straight spicy. It's not like a sweet spicy, just a slap me in the face spicy. The chicken itself is pretty delicious, and they do offer multiple flavored sojus (again, severely overpriced). 

Good food overall, but don't drink too much.. your wallet will hurt.. as will your ass when you slip on their greasy floors.
We had a BONCH of fun here the other night with a large group! 

When I lived in Korea, one of our favorite things to do was go get fried chicken and (pitcher after pitcher) of beer while hanging out outside. I was so excited when I heard Bonchon was coming to Philly and the other night brought back some great memories.

We got the 40 piece chicken set for 10 of us, with some appetizers (japchae, takoyaki, dumplings, seafood pancake), a few pitchers of beer and a lychee soju pitcher and it was about $25 each with tax and tip. Everything was great.  The spicy sauce (on both chicken and dumplings) was like a kick in the face,  watch out. The chicken was crispy and awesome,  and all the apps were all great too.

My friends and I got a bit loud (and broke 2 glasses) and the waiters were still awesome/nonjudgemental. They even alerted us when the late night specials were starting (they have some awesome drink specials starting at 11 and they let us start at 9). Check the website for specials like discounted top shelf,  margaritas, martinis, etc. 

Great place to start or end a night!
I ordered take away today and while the wings were still great,  I felt cheated on the 2 sides! I ordered edamame for my littles and at $7.00 for a container, which is more costly than anywhere else- I don't really mind BUT it was half empty! The same goes for the kim chee, but not as bad!
I should have double checked, but I walked across town with my sleeping baby in the stroller so I wanted to get out of there before she woke up.
There were 4 people behind the register- no one greeted me when I walked in or when I even walked up to the counter! I had to tell him I was picking up! I don't want you to roll out the red carpet or anything, but if I'm giving you money- can you pretend to NOT be bothered when I come to pick up the food?  Ignore me on your own time, but not when I'm paying you for a service! I literally needed a receipt to be printed out to sign and handed my food and have my food to actually be a normal portion in the container! That's it! (Well that and the obvious that I don't get sick after consumption.)I would be more forgiving if it was super busy, but there was a couple at a table and by all of them hanging out at the register tells me, they aren't too busy.
My $50 was not well spend today sadly! I used to love it here, but I will second guess coming here again- double burn that I walked 25 minutes each way to get our highly anticipated eats:(
Korean wings?? Well they were missed here. For a background, I have gone to Bonchon for ages, so don't get me wrong that food does not taste great. I just think there's a few reasons why it is not a higher review for me.

1. The most important reason. Their Korean wings are not crunchy. I might be a snob but I have tasted and eaten crunchier wings. Bonchon wings are like somewhat fried and feel it's just productively produced on an assembly line. 

Peep their video from Bonchon on Yelp. Unless I missed it, I only say the cook frying it once then putting it on a pan to cool off.

2. The price. It's rare that I'll come out reasoning that I spent my money's worth. The drinks, like soju, are expensive. The beer is ok priced. 

3. The set up. The spacing is somewhat limited and I do not believe they take reservations via Open Table. Then on top of that, if you follow #2, good luck going to the washroom. They only have one!! It's a long line some late nights for both men and women since there is only one washroom.

Overall, I rather go and drive to Cafe Soho where I can actually get good crunchy Korean wings. Drinks are still expensive though. Aha Duece
In the beginning I thought it was pretty decent. If I had to give it a scale from 1-10, it was a 7 and Cafe Soho would be a 8.5-9. After trying it out a few more times I will have to downgrade my rating to 6. The only reason I would go is because it is so much closer to the city than Cafe Soho.

Let's start with the chicken itself. I feel like they are being a bit stingy with the sauce and not evenly coating the chicken. Also the chicken itself is a bit small compared to Cafe Soho and not as crispy.

The pickled radishes are horrible compared to Soho. There are not enough pickled juice for the radishes which end up making them really dry and under pickled. I really think the radishes are quite important to the entire meal, but to fail to make such a simple dish correctly saddens me greatly. 

The Salmon Avocado Ball in the beginning was pretty good, but now I feel like it is a waste of money. There are a ton of cucumbers and not enough avocado. It's called a salmon avocado ball and not a salmon cucumber ball. I definitely feel a bit cheated when I ordered this on multiple occasions after the first time, hoping that it will taste like the first time.

Bulgogi fried rice was pretty good and not bad at all, but I do feel like it is a bit overpriced.

I fee like the soju should be placed in a different container to prevent the liquid from spilling. A carafe would be a better container in my opinion. Also compared to Cafe Soho, I feel like the soju would be better with fresh fruit and be better worth the money. 

In the end this place is decent, and the atmosphere is fun and trendy, but I feel like they are taking cheap short-cuts and lowering the quality of food.
Too cold. Too slow. Too expensive. My friend and I waited for 30 to get a table, which was acceptable. We would've left and eat else where if we knew the wait for the food was 90 minutes AFTER we sat down and ordered because everyone ordered take out and the kitchen was backed up. We ordered pan an as appetizer, which did not come out until 70 min after we sat down and after we asked the waiter to bring it out first.... The worst part was that pancake was 14 dollar and it was the size of my hand.... There wasn't even scallion on it.... 


Two star because the chicken was good. Or else it would've been a one.
Bonchon have become one of my favorite after-work bar. Me and hubby have been going there when we get off work. It is often crowded especially on Fridays and Saturdays. 

We fell in love with Hurricane Cindy. It is sooooo freaking'licious especially after we ask them to make it on the sweeter side. It was a stable drink for both of us every time we go. I also try Victoria Secret white sangria, Chheng's Fruit Punch, The Tango and Sex with Carol. The VS white sangria taste funny, maybe is just me:) Chheng's FP and Sex with Carol also tastes good but it didn't make it to our stable list. 

So far we've try Soy Chicken Wings, Bulgogi Bonchon Wrap, Bulgogi Korean tacos, Pork Buns, Bulgogi Sliders, and the seasoned parmesan fries. Me and hubby were hooked on the seasoned parmesan fries and Bulgogi Bonchon Wrap. Don't get me wrong, I love the rest too but those 2 are favorites. 

Services wise, so far so good!
EDIT!!!!!!
I called to get an order for take out and I was startled to hear a girl nearly yelling, "HI THANKS FOR CALLING BONCHON WE AREN'T TAKING ANY TO GO ORDERS" followed by a click. She had hung up before I could react or say anything. So I call back confused to look into it. I was told no take out orders over the phone because some other folks did not pick up their food. So said, yeah sure put it on my credit card. The guy told me that they are unable to take credit cards... even though Bonchon is a franchise?? I mean you can download an app right now for free to take those payments. His suggestion was to come in and order takeout in person, wait an hour and a half for my food in the restaurant then enjoy... Because he couldn't just take the order over the phone.I'm confused why a restaurant would punish other well to do, paying customers. Apparently the only way to get this food to go is to go to BonChon, place an order at the bar, wait 1.5 hours then I can leave with it. Serious rough start. It's a problem when a restaurant is turning away good paying customers. 

HEY BONCHON - I want to give you money in exchange for your product.. why am i not able to do that...? Get it together


Grand opening, Shrand shopening. Working out the kinks of a restaurant may be challenging. But one should be humble and kind while figuring it out. There were 4 hostesses and 1 manager behind the front desk not doing much of anything but playing with their hair and iPhones . I watched one hostess turn a group of 4 away by saying "we are closed" it was 10:25p and she said they closed at 11p (website says they close at 2a). My takeout took 55 minutes for 20 wings (I was running late and still made it with plenty of time to spare). While waiting for my food the group of hostesses were complaining about the table that had just left. My advice is for the manager to take a stand and really customer service

Great food, glad it's in Philadelphia finally. I'll always come back because the wings are just so good.
I came back again to eat in, and was pleasantly surprised. 

Food:
- Small Soy Garlic Wings ($11.95)
- Avocado Salmon Ball ($9.95)
- Reload (Raspberry Yogurt Soju) ($5 HH)

The quality of the chicken definitely was better this time around, with more sauce & crisp to the chicken. Even the avocado salmon ball, for which I was a little hesitant for, was pretty tasty (but a little heavy on the mayo inside). Despite the better food, I still feel as if the food is overpriced for the quantity and quality I receive. Hopefully next time my thoughts will change as I come back for their happy hour specials!
I'd like to start off with explaining how KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) is made. The wings are fried twice, then sauced. Each step is time consuming, I know because I've attempted this difficult task at home. So for people complaining about waiting, 1. They just opened not too ago and 2. BonChon Chicken just takes a long time to be made fresh.

Alright, on to the good stuff, the chicken. The chicken is fried to perfect crispiness and the crunch from every bite is unlike any other fried chicken. This is why, to me, the wings are the way to go. They offer the best (max) crunch-to-meat ratio. As for the sauces, half and half is the standard. You'll want to cool off with some delicious soy garlic after a few bites of the spicy spicy wings. BonChon is known around the world for a reason, they mastered the sweet, salty, tangy, spice ratio for their sauce and it's why their chicken is so addicting. I also tried a few appetizers, all of which were outstanding. I like the salmon avocado ball the most, although it could use more avocado and salmon. 

Don't forget to grab a mango soju to go with your wings. Annyong.
I love that Bonchon is finally here in Philly.
The restaurant itself is located beside the Sleep inn hotel on Cherry St btw 10th and 11th st . Don't be deceived by the front entrance.  They are using the SIDE hotel entrance vestibule to help keep cold air from directly coming in the Restaurant.  Doesn't work to well but better than using the front door.
The chicken wings here are incredibly tasty, addictively so. I get the spicy and soy garlic variety sooo delicious. You can actually order drumsticks/legs here too. They are massive, so don't be fooled.
Other options on the menu include the Salmon Avocado ball (pan seared salmon w/ crab meat & avocado ), which is a satisfying but not too heavy meal.
Service was great, long wait for tables though probably because of opening week. Definitely coming back for more next week.
Being to multiple BC locations throughout the country, this one was the worst. Chicken was dry, lack of crisp on the exterior, and almost all the drum sticks burst, leaking marrow into the white meat. 

Having no other choices in Philly, this place will suffice, but if you have been to other locations, lower your expectations.
Bonchon is my FAVORITE place in the city to get fried chicken - hands down. Beer and fried chicken is a Korean classic; it's nice to live out my K-drama dreams. There is no competition to the crispy double-fried Korean fried chicken Bonchon produces. My friends and I often have specific cravings for Bonchon, not just fried chicken. It's a perfect place to go with a group, because their combo packages are great to split and cost-effective. There are 2 flavors, Spicy and Soy Garlic. Both are delicious, but the Spicy definitely packs a punch!

Not only do they have AMAZING fried chicken, they've got a number of other delicious options as well! This includes Takoyaki (squid balls, a popular Japanese street food), Bibimbap, potstickers, Tteokbokki (rice cakes in spicy soup), Bulgogi (marinated Korean beef), etc!! I filled up on chicken this time, but I'll definitely be back to try the rest of their food!

The venue itself is very hip and reminiscent of a dance club - lighting is dim and there is K-pop playing on all the screens. Overall, a fun place to go with friends and to enjoy the most amazing fried chicken!!
We had been meaning to give Bonchon a try on one of our Chinatown excursions. Usually the place is very crowded with a substantial wait for a table, so we moved on. On a recent Friday night in January our fortunes turned and we were seated upon entering.

Bonchon is mostly a younger crowd and it is usually packed and loud which is fine. We thought it would be like this so no surprises. Places like Bonchon are great for the evolving and younger Chinatown and I do like seeing so many young people in Chinatown these days. It does make me feel a bit old but such is life.

I would describe Bonchon as Korean bar food. There is a bar, and various snacks and sharing type items. The main draw is the KFC and wings. Our wings were excellent, crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. I didn't feel the wings were overly oily or greasy also. We had the soy garlic sauce on the wings. We also ordered the bao pork buns and a very tasty salad with tofu and sesame dressing.

Service was good and the food came out pretty quickly. There are two floors at the this location. Dining and a bar on the main floor and dining only upstairs on the mezzanine.

4 Yelp stars for Bonchon Chinatown Philly.
I mean, who doesn't luv Korean fried chicken?? I'll wait....

Of course, they get this right on every level because it's their speciality. This is definitely late night food for after the club and you need something greasy to counter act with all those drinks you threw down... Now I'm not into spicy food so I pretty much stay with the soy garlic chicken... It has hints of garlic and honey, if your into sweet chicken.. Now the service here is fine, too... This is not an upscale joint but as soon as your seated, the staff can tell you had a rough night and they get your order in as soon as possible. 

Now, here is my one complaint, and it's a shame because I experience this everytime I come here and frankly, I feel like slapping someone because I should just get what I want, especially if I'm paying my money... Now with every order of chicken, you get pickled radish... Now, to be honest... I live for these little treats and I always ask for extra, while I'm eating in and extra for my take out order... I want as many containers as I can get and I'll pay extra, of course... but the staff tends to be very selfish when it comes to this request... If I ask for 5 extra containers and my money is involved, just give me what I want... Don't look at me and tell me, you'll give me as many as you can and then come back with 1 extra container after I told you to charge me... Your not hooking me up, homie... I want to pay for my request... Ok, I digress but I always leave unhappy about this issue...

Other then what I mentioned above, they are pretty solid in everything...
Chicken was not as crispy as Soho's, but definitely had more meat on the bone, which I preferred. More protein and less of my arteries getting clogged up. Both equally tasty, but Soho needs to stop starving their chickens before throwing them in the deep fryer. It's terrible to die, but it's a tragedy to die starving. I highly recommend the fancy coleslaw onion burger majiggy (forgot the name) and will be coming back to try some of their other entrees. Also, I don't quite understand why reviewers are throwing a fit about wait times. Bonchon has been opened for 2 full days. 1 being the soft opening and the other their grand opening. On top of that, it's in Chinatown on the week of Lunar New Years...C'MON MAN!

UPDATE: The "fancy coleslaw onion burger majiggy" is the bulgogi slider. I'm slightly disappointed with the change of bun, but it's still pretty good.
Disappointing service, this used to be one of my favorite spots to go to however it has fallen extremely short from its service. Called ahead of time for a pickup order and they tell me 25-30 minutes. I come 40 minutes later after my order and they said it's going to come up in another few minutes. Great!

20 minutes pass, still no update. No sense of urgency or respect and nothing but blank stares from the two hostess and it's not even crowded, half full if that.

Waited over an hour for my order and chicken is lukewarm. 

The lack of customer service turned one of my favorite spots into a horrible take out experience.
If you order for takeout, forewarning, they might dupe you out of your money. This is the second time in the last three months where I ordered for takeout and the wings were teeny tiny. Tiny wings make for a dry wing. It was also under seasoned (lacking sauce), so there was no saving grace.

Just go to SOHO instead for your Korean fried chicken wing fix. You'll thank me later.
Not sure why we haven't gone to Bon Chon all this time but I'm glad we finally checked it out. For dinner, we ordered the medium box of wings - half spicy and half soy garlic, and the bulgogi bibimpbap. The wings were freshly made, very crispy and flavorful, though I prefer the soy garlic over the spicy wings. The spicy wings didn't start out too spicy but the spiciness kinda lingers after which was a little much for me. The bulgogi bibimbap was pretty solid, and the portions were huge, and good enough for two meals.
I really wanted to love this place but sadly it did not live up to expectations. My boyfriend and I stopped in late on a Sunday night recently thinking there wouldn't be much of a wait. When we got there we were told there would be an hour wait but luckily there were two seats on the end of the bar available. 

From my experience, the environment is pretty typical for a Korean wing restaurant with trendy k-pop videos playing in the background. The staff was very friendly and the food came out pretty quickly. Beer selection was a little disappointing. 

Let's get to the food. The appetizers were outstanding. The salmon avocado ball is a must try! The dumplings were crispy and flavorful , some of the best I've had, covered in soy garlic and spicy sauce. The problem was the chicken. We ordered half and half and got both wings and strips and they just weren't that good. They were lacking in sauce and crispiness. Since Bonchon chicken just recently opened I want to give them the benefit of the doubt. I'm hoping I just stopped in on a bad night so eventually I hope to get back there to give them another chance but until then Cafe Soho is the place to go for Korean fried wings in Philly.
Bon Chon, the new hot spot in Chinatown? This placed just opened and I wanted to see what all the hype is about, so the wife and I tried it. Reading all the reviews about the long wait time, we decided to order the take out. The girl who answered the phone was nice and real helpful with choosing items off the menu. We knew we wanted to try the chicken, but needed that something extra for me to be completely satisfied with a meal. I'm not a big fan of just eating chicken. She recommended the Salmon ball, which I saw some great reviews on yelp about, so we tried it. As expected, the wait for take out was an hour. 
The restaurant is located on Cherry Street. I drove this small street many times before and never thought anything of it. Tonight was different. Bon Chon, with its two flaming heaters and bright sign lit up the place. It is definitely the gem of the block. I went in to pick up my food and the interior was just as great. As soon as you step in, you're overloaded with TVs and a giant bar on the wall. This is my kind of place! I hope they play games during football season. 
Now, on to the food. We got and order of half soy garlic and half spicy. They were both cooked to perfection! I like the soy a lot better than the spicy. The spicy was good and a lot better than others i have tasted because the spice is not so overwheming that you lose the flavor. Surprisingly the star of the dinner was the recommended SALMON BALL. I'm not sure how to describe it, but it was like kani salad wrapped in cooked sushi if that makes sense. 
As I was leaving, there was a line of people waiting to be seated and a few more people coming in to pick up there order. I can see why the long wait time and can see that Bon Chon will be the new staple of Chinatown's food and entertainment. The wait is the price you pay for premium food. I can't wait to come back just to sit at the bar and see what specialty drinks they have to offer.
In dire anticipation of BonChon's opening of its Philadelphia location, my husband and I dined in, for lunch, on its soft opening (2/18). As with any soft/ grand opening of an establishment, there will be the usual growing pains. We expect it of any business, newly opened. 

I've had BonChon on several occasions in NYC and Jersey City so I knew what to expect in terms of the menu items. My husband, on the other hand, was a bit confused about the difference between the drums and wings. And from reading the other reviews, it seems that there are many folks who have never had the real BonChon and as a result do not understand the menu. 

The "wings" are actually the first and second pieces of the actual chicken's wing, separated. The first piece looks like a little miniature drumstick and the middle piece (also my fave) has that delicious piece of fat (don't judge me but I call it the armpit). If we lived in a perfect world, chicken wings would be two middle pieces joined by the "armpit" although I don't know what that would actually mean for the chicken... Anyway, the "drums" are actual chicken drumsticks... the big ones. I know you've seen them at the supermarket. Perfect for people who want more chicken and less sauce. 

We ordered the small wings in half and half sauce. Of course this meant we would receive a mixture of first and second pieces of the wings. My husband loves the drumstick shaped pieces (another reason I married him), we shared this order with a some white rice and extra crunchy radish. 

We also ordered the Salmon Avocado Ball.... I had this for the very first time this past fall in NYC while wedding dress shopping and I've been an addict ever since! Everyone should have at least one Salmon Avocado Ball in their lifetime. We are so glad there is a BonChon in Philly! We will be back!

UPDATE: We went back much sooner than expected (last night) so rather than post an updated review, I will just continue where I left off. 

Since they've only been open three days and I've had BonChon wings twice, I'm feeling blessed! We returned much sooner because we discovered some friends who NEVER had BonChon. Our wait for a table was an hour because they were swamped... I was pleasantly surprised that we got our table on time. 

Because we brought some friends, we were able to order a variety of other items I wanted to try. In addition to Half and Half Wings and a couple Salmon Balls, we also ordered Potstickers, a couple orders of Bulgogi Sliders, & Bulgogi Bibimbob. 

Potstickers, I couldn't manage a photo because half of the potstickers were gone by the time my camera was out. I need not say more!

Bulgogi Bibimbob really hit the spot. As a Korean, I was really regretting not ordering the bibimbob on the soft opening day. And everyday since had been a struggle. Craving satisfied! (Ask for extra hot sauce)
This is hands down my favorite chicken place in the area. Their chicken is crispy just the way I like it and is seasoned well. I usually get a half order of soy garlic and a half order of spicy wings with a side of seasoned fries. The wings are cooked when you order it, so it does take some time before your order comes out but it is well worth the wait. The other food ordered will usually come out first and there's a bar in the restaurant in which to order alcoholic drinks while you wait. I recommend trying the soju drinks which come in different flavors. I also love that they are open late, which is perfect for late study nights. Their chicken is a bit more pricey than other places, but the food is delicious and worth the money in my opinion.
Another lucky visit for me i guess??? 

Decided to celebrate a bday here on a Saturday night (St. Patty's day weekend). Since they didn't take reservations, we had someone that was already there put our name on the list for 10 people. 

Upon arrival, we were seated immediately...so their "name on the list" method worked out well for us! Luck of the Irish!! The area we got was a bit awkward...i'd really like to meet the person that designed Philly Bonchon... the space is just poorly done. We were in the back, where there is a row of tables, which i assume are 3 tables for 4... or put them together for a large party area for 12. The wall there is just awkward for the server and a bit claustrophobic for diners. 

Anyway, we were lucky to get seated on time...so we ordered some wings.. and by some, i mean 120 wings half and half. I dunno what my cousin was thinking...half the party were girls lol. Buttttt, Bonchon usually has small wings, right??? Thats what I got grand opening day, that's what NYC has, and that's what the new Fort Lee one served as well... 

But what the hey, its my lucky day.. Luck of the Irish again. we get served BIG ASS WINGS. wtf is that? I'm talking PJ Whelihan size wings...plus, i think they added some flour coating/breading, so they are even bigger. They didn't have this when i went grand opening. ANDDDDD the wings came out super fast! and hot!!! Luck of the Irish i tell yah!!! 2 plates of 40 came out, the last 40 would be another 20 minutes....we ended up eating only 70 wings.. we had to take about 50 home. Either way, thumbs up for the kitchen not dropping the ball on wings. Sauces were still great. The spicy is actually too spicy for me.. so if i had 10 wings, 3 would be spicy 7 would be soy.  

Other orders with ratings

Salad with fried tofu: 4/5               tofu was pretty dope. greens were standard
Salmon Avocado ball: 4/5            salmon was pretty bomb, sauce was nice
Lychee soju: 2/5                            overpriced, little soju
Mango soju: 2/5                             overpriced, little soju
bottle of jack: 1/5                            overpriced.. shoudl've did pitcher of beer
pistachio dessert: 3.5/5               pretty decadent

The alcohol here is just overpriced for the quantity. The soju is fun, but it's really not much for $20. I think a price point of $12 is reasonable. The jack bottle ($75) was tiny. The mark up was expected, but give us a free mixer or something--I paid an extra $7 for 3 sodas. 

I had a good time there. Server was nice, despite our large party and multiple orders.
This visit was a long time coming, but finally, I made it.  It was a Saturday afternoon, no wait, we were led right upstairs and seated.  I looked at yelp pics beforehand and knew I wanted the salmon avocado ball, and we decided to split some strips 1/2 and 1/2. I failed in that I didn't get any specialty drinks.. I probably should have, but I wasn't sure what I wanted and what came out of my mouth was ginger ale.. Oh well, Next time.
While we waited on the food we took in our surroundings.  We were seated on the small upper level which looks down onto the lower dining area.  There is also a projection directly across of the Korean music videos playing on the numerous tvs.  Its kind of loud, but gives off a kind of hip vibe, I didn't hate it. 
My salmon Avocado ball came out first, the presentation was awesome.  It looked and tasted delicious... The avocado wasn't really all that apparent, much more cucumber, but it worked.  I only ate 1/2 so more than enough to share. I would definitely get it again.  I'm going to guess because we ordered the Salmon Avocado ball that's why the strips took a while, but they came out hot and fresh.  I stayed away from the spicy and dived into the garlic soy, which was delicious.. The crunch was perfect.. the meat was fresh.. I could probably eat these everyday and not get tired of it.  So Good, I can't wait to return!
Fun place to go to for drinks, dinner, or snacks. Salmon ball, season fries, and wings are my go to here. Everyone is super nice here. My boyfriend did their annual wing eating contest and it was a lot of fun. They also have giant screens with korean music playing. Very fun environment.
This location is probably the only one that have outdoor sitting in Chinatown during the pandemic. 

Needless to say they are famous of making Korean style fried chicken wings since they are actually a chain restaurant.

I always go there to get spicy wings and this time I ordered the "salmon avocado ball" as well, little bit different than what I expected...it sounds like a deep fried meatball type of thing but it ended up being a room temperature salad with avocado bit and a piece of salmon on it, it tasted okay but I prefer my salad cold.
Addictive.  I ordered 12, half spicy and half soy & garlic.  Can't decide which I liked more.  Wings are meaty and crazy crispy.  The only thing I wasn't on board with was the pickled radish (the Korean version of celery as a wing accompaniment?)  

Enjoyed watching Korean pop on the big screen while grubbing.  Catchy tunes!
Visited Bonchon at 9pm on Saturday after being out with friends. The restaurant is 2 floors but still small, so the wait for a table for 3 was about 30 minutes. Luckily for us there was space at the bar so we decided to eat there. The chairs at the bar are too low for the height of the bag so it was a weird sitting situation, felt like a child sitting at the adult table. We ordered 20 of the chicken wings, 5 spicy and 15 soy garlic. The spicy was wayyyy too hot for me. Only do that if you like very hot food, because it was a notch up from my usual "spicy" food. The soy garlic did not disappoint and were flavorful and crispy. We also had some white rice on the side and the portion was small but we made it work. I'd definitely come back again and probably have a reservation if I want to sit at an actual table.
Wow! The chicken here is finger-lickin' good!!! I heard great things about this place and thought maybe it was overhyped.... until I took my first bite of the amazing wings. We ordered a mixed bucket of wings and drumsticks. The sauce options are soy & garlic, spicy or both - that's right I said both! They let you have a "half and half" option where half the order is spicy and the other half is sweet. I loved the soy and garlic sauce, it was light and delicious to the point that the wings did not need additional dipping sauce. The only thing that this place can improve on is the service, it takes over 30 minutes for takeout but it is well worth it! 
The interior of the restaurant does not have a particular theme it is just trying too hard to be modern. It is like a nightclub-sports bar-fried chicken place in a random alley in Chinatown. They have top shelf alcohol (like a night club) and a lot of big screen high definition TV (like sports bars and yet they only sell fried chicken. Definitely worth checking out!
you walk into a dimly lit bar with more seating upstairs. theres loud music and always a ton of people, but even if this isn't your scene of preference, don't let this sway away from you before trying their food.

the wings are the staple - double fried korean fried chicken (KFC) with your choice of savory and sweet sauce or spicy sauce. you'll get absorbed into these, i've taken nonbelievers here and they walked away KFC-ians. 

for anyone who likes chicken, i recommend you come.

i only docked a star because waits can sometimes be quite long, both for seating and for service. i didn't know getting a water refill could take up to 15 minutes.
I got a to go order of strips...idk what they thought this was, but 35 bux on food that doesn't look appetizing BLOWS. The Bonchon in nyc little Korea has clearly spoiled me.
Menu says it takes 30 minutes for a fresh plate of fried chicken but honestly only took 15ish minutes. Tastes good when it's hot but was a little dry when I took the leftover wings home and re-feasted. Service is good. Also great place for Black Pink and BTS lovers because they are blasting their songs and music videos constantly!
Pretty delicious fried chicken in Chinatown! Our 5 person group ordered the large half soy garlic and half spicy wings, and it was the perfect portion size. Loved the daikon on the side as well. The salmon avocado ball wasn't as tasty by comparison, so stick with the wings. Service was ok, the cocktails were a bit too sweet, and there are many kpop videos playing on the TVs around the tables.
Dropping a star due to the place not really being kept clean. The floors were way too sticky and the tables seems to have been just cleaned by a old rag.

The food is still as great as ever, but I really really wish they could just put a little more effort into keeping it clean.
Do not compare to cafe soho. Do not compare to cafe soho. Do not compare to cafe soho. Okay, let's be real, how can you not compare to cafe soho?!?!

Go for the wings, they are not bad however, the internal temp wasn't as hot as I'm used too and the wings are on the dry side. Not as crunchy as one would expect with Korean fried chicken and lacked the unctuousness and finger licking goodness because the sauces are a bit on the skimpy side. It's as if they are brushing the sauces on instead of tossing them in the sauce. 

It feels like fast food in comparison to other KFC joints.
I really like this place.  The food is good, and the vibe is cool.  But this has to be the most unsafe restaurant I've ever encountered.  The floors here are so slippery,  it's as if they mopped them with the frying oil every day.  It's absolutely terrifying to try and walk around in here.  I honestly don't know why they haven't already been shut down by a health/safety inspection - this would be an automatic failure.
Overhyped, ordered 2 xl combo half and half and  only 5 pieces were eaten. They did not like the chickens. It was very bland on the inside only the skin had flavor. Now I have too much chickens that I need to get rid of. BTW take out is very long when they said 30 mins it actually 45 mins. I order the 2xl they said 40 mins but it was 70 mins
Been anticipating for this place to open up for a while now and it finally did! And I must say.. I'm extremely disappointed..

Came here on their soft opening day. Upon arriving, there is a door right in front so of course, our first motive is to try and open it thinking that's the door to the restaurant. But it's not. You have to go through the sliding door of the hotel and turn to your left to enter Bonchon. That's stupid. Especially if you don't have a sign up for customers to know how to enter. It's kind of funny how I sat right in front of the door so I constantly had to keep telling people that the sliding door is how you enter. Maybe I should get paid for doing that. You see the struggle, why don't you do something about it? Thanks. Couldn't even enjoy my meal without being interrupted with a chicken wing in my hand waving it around for guidance.

Finally entering after such a confusing entrance, we were told it would be an hour wait. I guess I'll wait, so the food better be damn good to make up for it. We ordered the combo of wings and drumsticks of spicy and soy garlic. Waited for an hour and a half for it but wasn't even fresh when it came out! It was soggy and cold. I expected that great crunch since it is fried twice but that's not what I got! What a disappointment. I hope you improve on this because you will lose customers. It came with a side of daikon radish which wasn't done properly. It was super dry and tasted like it wasn't pickled for the right amount of time it was supposed to in order to get the right flavor. 

Service: my waiter was pretty nervous when he came over and introduced himself. Maybe it was his first time working at a restaurant but that was fine. However, since I am seated near the door, I was near the hostess table and I noticed all of the hostesses were on their phones constantly and ignoring customers. Step your staff game up Bonchon.

Overall, wasn't a good experience than what I've expected. I expected more but got way less. Understand that it's their first day and all but come on, there were certain things that should've been done properly. So no Bonchon, I'm not addicted yet.
Always a good time here at Bonchon!

I've gotten multiple take outs and have dined in as well.

Dine-In Experience:
Atmosphere is fun, young, and casual. They are usually blasting some form of KPOP on their large screen TVs. They have a bar seating option as well. Service is quick, food is fresh, and waiters and waitresses are young, professional, and speedy. 

Take-Out Experience:
Phone order was quick and the estimated time was scary accurate. I usually call 30 minutes in advance for my take out orders, which seems to be the average time. This time around, I ordered the lunch option for fried chicken. It was 9.99 for 8 piece wings which also comes with a side of your choice. The chicken was so fresh and delicious. They also always come in cute boxes too! 

When I was pulling up at bonchon, I received a call saying that my order was ready so the timing couldn't have been more perfect. Cashier was polite and pleasant. And most importantly, chicken was still fresh when I got home!
Best Fried chicken in Philly!!! It was my first time at Bonchon and I shared a ten piece (half spicy half soy garlic) set with my friend. The chicken came out piping hot, SUPER crispy skin with generous amount of sauce on top. Inside, the meat was glistening and juicy. The restaurant itself is very chill with loud kpop music and lots of screens showing kpop videos and would be great for groups.
BONCHON IN PHILLY? YASSS! No more driving to soho(That place takes forever anyway). I came here with two friends, and got seated right away. There's a million flat screen TV's, a nice bar area and the seating is plush. I like the large windows out front, although it's only a view of the street, during the summer it would be nice to have natural sunlight enter the room. Obviously we went for some chicken. We got the half&half which is soy garlic and spicy. The spicy was spicy enough where it didn't melt my tongue off and I could actually eat more than one. Sometimes too spicy throws your taste buds off but not here! The soy garlic is very yummy too. We also ordered their seasoned fries and salmon avocado ball. LET ME JUST SAY, both were so damn good. I didn't even read what the fries were seasoned with but damn they were good. And the salmon avocado ball, is like heaven in your mouth. The sauce is similar to a Kani salad. We split the salmon avocado ball between three but it was so good that we should've each gotten one. We also got strawberry and watermelon soju, which was also very good!! I wanted to try all the flavors! NOW, our waitress, Mercedes, was AWESOME. And so is the rest of their staff. Attentive and sweet. Even though they had a crazy grand opening, the staff seemed to handle it very well. They didn't look overwhelmed and all had smiles on their faces as soon as you walk in. 

Some of the reviews on here are ridiculous. Give them a break. They LITERALLY just opened. Sometimes things don't aways go your way the first time you try something new. Doesn't mean you shouldn't go back! Opening a new business is hard and I'm sure management is doing their best to make sure everyone is happy. I highly recommend this place. I'll definitely be back!
Decided to check out Bonchon with a friend after finding out Soho on Cheltenham was closed for the day (they always do this for some reason at the most random days/times) and after failing to find parking for lunch on a weekday, paid to park in the lot right next to Bonchon. The attendant speaks little/broken English so it might help to either speak Mandarin or go with someone who does.

The restaurant was busy but we were able to get a table and get seated almost immediately. The interior is bright and clean and modern. I definitely was enjoying the huge storefront window view and seating because it allowed for a lot of natural light to stream in even though the decor was very much modern, club-like.

The service was quick and friendly. The food on the other hand was just ok. I know that this is a chain restaurant and known for their fried chicken, but when I'm comparing gourmet fried chicken, this place comes at a distant second to Soho. Of course, I'd choose this place over Popeyes, KFC, all the other fast food fried chicken, and I'd prefer this place over BWW and PJ's (even on gluttonous Tuesday 1/2 wings) but when it comes between good and amazing, this place is just good.

The fried chicken was crispy, adequately spicy and flavorful but nothing that makes your mouth water like Soho.

Pricing is about the same as Soho too so in all honesty, I'd choose Soho (Cheltenham, not the one in Blue Bell) over Bonchon.

If you're in the area and craving fried chicken, this is the spot, otherwise, I'd trek it northwest and get some Soho.

Parking: Very limited metered parking or paid lot ($4/30 mins)
Price: $10+ per person
Wait: 20 mins after ordering
The crispiest KFC I've had! A friend and I went here and got the platter which had the drumsticks and wings. HE was RAVING about the fries so we had to of course get them. These fries were BOMB. They were perfectly seasoned and cooked and the spicy mayo dipping sauce was truly the icing on the cake. The chicken was pretty damn delicious. However, be careful! These come out piping hot! They definitely have a kick so be prepared with water for sure. The vibe in the restaurant was pretty cool. It was a modern with lots of black and red accents and big screen TVs. This place could def be fun for a group of people or even to catch a game.
this place is awesome if you guys are into waiting over an hour to be seated and another hour to get your food served. Also, this is the best place for anorexic chicken wings that taste as dry on the inside as if eating a box of crackers. I was expecting more from all the Philly.com hype, but that is what this place is; just hype.  Only eat the wings here if you've consumed enough alcohol to knock out a horse and or your taste buds is that of a polygrip wearing senior citizens.
Yum! Delicious, well marinated Korean fried chicken with amazing seasoned fries as well. Tip: if you're going to get take out, make sure you call ahead because the wait can be around 30 minutes. They packaged everything very nicely for us!
First of all i wish you guys the best of luck with the new business. Now let's get to the point. I came on the grand opening night and ordered for take out at 6:30pm i ordered for 20pcs strips and one of the hostess/waiter said it will take about an hour, and i was fine with it and try to kill an hour. An hour pass and i came back thinking it was done and what did i get? I get an apology saying that "we RAN OUT strips and the kitchen guys did not inform me. would you like to switch to wings instead?" So i politely ask her "ok change it to wings but how long is it going to take? Are you going to rush the order out?" And she said "oh if i put this order in you will have to wait another hour, I'm so sorry for this." So i waited and kill an hour of my life for nothing in this 15° weather. Owner/manager would not even do anything. Thanks bonchon philly!! You guys rock!!
I have struggled with how to review BonChon since I went and I have finally decided that I am just going to have to rate it now and then revise my review when i go again. I went to BonChon on opening night, I had heard a lot about it and was excited to try out a bunch of stuff. Upon arriving I was informed that they weren't serving any food until 5 pm, I arrived at 4:45 pm. I asked if I could sit at the bar and have a beer until 5 and they let me do that. Once at the bar I ordered a beer, checked out the menu, and the bartender said that he would put in my order so that the kitchen could get right on it at 5 pm. I thought that I was ahead of the curve on this so that's what I did, I went with the bulgogi bibimpop and a small order of wings (10 wings total), half honey garlic, half hot. Then I proceeded to wait and wait and wait. Parties at the bar that arrived after me got their food, ate, and then left. I tried to stay as patient as possible and asked the bartender a few times, politely, what was happening. The excuse was that the kitchen was working on a 300 wing order (why anybody would accept such an order on their opening day is beyond me). After a few more times asking the manager got involved and voila I had my bibimpop and wings in about 2 minutes. They comped my beers and apologized but the damage was pretty well done, all in all I waited almost 2 hours for food. Once it arrived everything was fantastic, on the food they get 5 stars and the service get 1 star and it's primarily the kitchen's fault on that one. The bartender was definitely stuck between a rock and a hard place here. I want to return once things have settled down and BonChon finds itself, once that happens I will certainly update this review and I have no doubt it will be a 4 or 5 star review. BonChon certainly deserves its cult-like following status.
I am hoping they get more consistency in the next few weeks. The grand opening was horrendously prolonged and once they did open it has been rocky.

Ordered the wing and drumstick combo with half&half lunch special with the pickled radish. The chicken was less meaty than what you get at Cafe Soho but the sauce and crisp level are good.

The radishes were poorly done. They tasted fresh but didn't have the correct flavor. It appears they did not give the radish enough time to pickle prior to serving them.

The servers seemed a touch disorganized as well. When asked for utensils, they seemed to struggle to find them. That seems a touch ridiculous for a restaurant to struggle when you ask for a fork. 

The final straw for me with this place was they decided last minute NOT to open today for lunch. I think the fact that they keep on having last minute changes leads me to not expect consistency with them. I wish them luck with their endeavor but not sure when I will be returning for another meal. Despite Cafe Soho being much further, it is definitely worth the drive at this point in time.
I love Bonchon! I got half soy garlic & half spicy wings and they were super crispy and so delicious. The spicy wings were my favorite, its actually hot so beware. I also got Korean tacos which were also really good. It had the right amount of flavor in every bite.. Now I know why everyone raves about Bonchon!
Great chicken!  A closer to home Soho.  The soy garlic chicken is one of the best I have ever tried and is making me salivate as I write this.  I recommend the bulgogi sliders with a glass of beer.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.
We ordered a dozen soy garlic chicken tenders. The seasoning is tasty and the first bite sent me to the moon. But the chicken is actually very, very dry. I wish it came with more sauce or some other type of dipping sauce.

I liked the ambiance - modern and chic with red chairs and lots of tv's playing k-pop music videos. However, it is too expensive -- it's located in Philadelphia's Chinatown and charging NYC prices, like what?
I'm a huge fan of chicken wings and I also love Korean food. This place had my idea kind of wing. Nice and crunchy, lightly glazed with a bang of flavor. I got half soy garlic and half spicy. The spicy carried a big kick of hot, but it hurt soooo good. The soy garlic was my favorite flavor though. I love garlic (My apologies to potential single hot vampires who were interested) 

I'm from the Westcoast so I already missed the wings as I was eating them, but luckily I saw they have a location less than 2 hours away. I'm definitely down for the drive. 

This location is nestled in an alley like spot on Cherry ST. It's a perfect spot to eat wings and drink with friends and a plus if you're into Kpop. (Spoiler alert: I'm into Kpop) We parked at a nearby spot for 8 bucks. The lot was literally about a 6 min walk. And there's some tea and boba places near by too if your interested in a little after dinner drink.
The famous Korean chain Bonchon Chicken has come to Philadelphia and it has stirred controversy including an early-on inability to keep the supply side of its famous Korean-style fried chicken equal to the demand.  A totally negative view from the Philadelphia Inquirer restaurant critic also eventually followed.  Well now things have settled down for this cool-looking Chinatown eatery and I'm ready to contribute my thoughts.
Bonchon Philadelphia is much better than its critics make it out to be. (Some people will criticize any chain restaurant.) The Korean fried chicken (both wings and drumsticks) is quite good ... even if I agree it is not elevated into the same stratosphere as the Korean chicken from Café Soho in Philadelphia.  The kimchee coleslaw is def totally tasty - I could easily eat a pint of this stuff in one sitting.  The service was friendly and attentive - my water glass was filled up three or four times without asking.  The kitchen was still however slightly on the slow side even though the restaurant wasn't overly busy.  And as a tip - they have a tremendous value lunch special for around nine dollars offered every day of the week.  I can in good conscience round off my rating and give Bonchon Chicken four stars.
This Bonchon location is great because it right in the heart of Chinatown, however the quality of the wings varies. When I first came to this location the wings were big and juicy. However on my second visit on a busy Friday night the wings were too salty and dry.
Heads up to all, the takeout menus given out with each order are currently misprinted - at least for the lunch special portion.

- Misleading menus & false advertisement; I ordered the 8pc wing lunch special (as told over the phone), but the takeout menus show a 5pc wing set (false!). I came back to my apartment with 6pcs drums and 2 pcs wings. WHAT IS REAL? I just want my wings.
- Dry wings w/ little to no sauce; I prefer Cafe Soho's saucy yet crispy soy garlic wings
- Mediocre sides (pickled daikon) where someone got a little too heavy-handed with the vinegar

Overall, I'm not too pleased with BonChon. Even though it's only their first day officially opening, the star of the show really should be their chicken - and currently it is very lackluster. I'm hoping that they will be able to clear up their confusion with the menu, and improve on the quality and taste of their chicken so that I won't have to make the trek over to Cafe Soho! Until they do so, I will be taking my business elsewhere.
YAY, BonChon is finally here in Philly! 

I came here during their soft opening for dinner, and the place was pretty packed. They have an upstairs area, which allows for more area for seating. This is great since I'm pretty sure BonChon is going to get packed really quickly especially for the next few months. There's also a fully stocked bar which is awesome. They have tv's all around the place, mostly playing sport games or Kpop videos. 

For our group of three, we ordered the XL drumstick and wing combo with half soy garlic and half hot sauce along with an order of their seasoned fries. Our waiter was a sweetheart and was great with checking in to let us know how our order was coming along. The fries came out in a timely manner, and they were pretty good and had a good crunch to them. They reminded me of garlic fries so nothing that exceptional about the flavor or seasoning they used. 

The chicken took an incredibly long time to come out. I understand that it was a soft opening, and they're probably swamped in the kitchen but I felt like it took an unnecessarily long time for food to come. Our waitress had to keep checking in and apologizing for the long delay. About 40 minutes later, the long awaited wings finally came out! The drumsticks are full-sized drumsticks! I had no idea haha. I decided to try the hot wings first. Warning: they are much spicier than you think. My mouth was on fire!!! If you can handle spice, then go for these babies. You'll probably enjoy them much more than I did. The wings do come with a side of daikon to cool off the heat from the spice, so hopefully that helps. I couldn't eat more than two of those hot ones. I stuck to the yummy soy garlic, which were oozing with flavor! The best part of the meal was probably the texture of the chicken. Perfectly crisp and crunchy on the outside and juicy and tender chicken on the inside.

BonChon is off to a great start in Philly, but there are still many improvements to be made, especially in terms of efficiency and timeliness. I have hope for you, Bonchon! Welcome to Philly!
Visited for my the second time. Well, actually i ordered takeout this time. The food is still amazing. It obviously wasn't as hot as if I had dined in, but that's what impresses me more. I didn't eat the food until hours later and the chicken was still pretty crunchy with AMAZING flavor. I will visit this place every time I am in philly!
Enter through the sliding doors.

I think there's a long wait time (2 hours) because it just opened and there aren't many seats to begin with in this place. There's two floors but the top floor only has like around 6 tables. We came here on a Saturday (group of 6), they don't have many big tables so the wait was long. We waited at 730 and got seated at 9 something. 

We ordered 40 soy garlic wings and 20 half/half (soy garlic and hot). The soy garlic is probably the better flavor. The hot wings aren't very hot at all- didn't really have a kick to it. I've been to bonchon in annadale, VA and it's definitely better there. The wings are a bit on the dry side- not sure why- maybe it was just an off day. We also got yogurt soju ($20), ~12 shots. The beers are around 6 bucks for non domestic  ($4.20 for coors light). The wings are around $37 for 40- not too bad, decent price. I really do like bonchon because of my experience in VA but this one isn't as good. If you're craving korean fried chicken though this is probably your're best bet in the city. If you go 20 min outside the city you can get korean fried chicken at cafe soho. 

MUST GET THE SALMON AVOCADO BALL- if you're a fan of avocado and spicy mayo- delicious! (~$9.95)

They have a big bar area in the middle - I think they might be trying to make this a night scene as well.

Decor is nice, modern. They have big screens with kpop videos playing. 

Service is super friendly!!
I have been eating chicken here all the time probably once a week, the fried chicken here is very delicious and tasty. I normally order half and half medium combo :) sea food fried rice is very good. Sometimes the chef makes it so oily, so you're better watch out. 

The only thing that need improvement is the customer service. The girls in front desk are mostly talking to each other and playing phone. Sometimes they ignore customers' needs. Also the waitress and waiter flirt each other every time they walk by, which is very unprofessional.

Overall the food is good but the customer service needs improvement.
Service was good. Came on a Friday evening and got seated immediately. Food was served pretty quickly. We were there for a birthday and the servers sang Happy Birthday when they brought out dessert. Took a little long to get the check though. 

The food however was not so good. There was barely any avocado in the Salmon Avocado Ball, mostly cucumber in it. One of the Korean Tacos had this hard string in it (almost like a dry piece of vermicelli) so there was some type of food cross contamination of sorts. The wings were very salty and had feathers left on it. The chef didn't bother plucking it and just cooked the feathers with the breading and all. The tiramisu was terrible - it tasted like a frozen packaged tiramisu that was left out to defrost for too long so it ended up drying out. 

Overall, if you want good Bonchon chicken, just wait for your next weekend getaway and go to the Bonchon in NYC. Food is wayyyy better there.
The food is South Korea. The service is North Korea.

In other words, the food here will really impress you. The soy garlic chicken strips are next level! The fried rice is excellent. 

The only sad part is that the service is absolutely dreadful. I come here KNOWING the service will suck and it does...every single time. That's the curse of great food. 

The moment your server comes to your table, you better order everything you want from the menu and ask for extra napkins because you'll never see him/her again. Believe me, you'll start to think the mafia wacked your server behind the building. We went on a Tuesday--place was dead, and we didn't order a lot: I ordered fried rice, while my friends ordered dumplings and 10 piece soy garlic chicken strips. The fried rice came out first, so my friends watched me finish it. It was outstanding, but I don't like eating my food with spectators. We waited sooo long after that and no sign of any other food. Nobody showed up and said it would be out soon. Nothing. Then the chicken strips come out. No sign of the pot stickers. We watched my girlfriend eat her chicken all together yet again. Finally, the pot stickers show up and we watch my friends eat them.

Also, they'll never take your plate away. My rice plate was finished for about half the night and it just sat there on our small table. My fork, dirty napkin, and chopsticks aren't on the plate for decoration. I'm not keeping it as a souvenir. The only thing they'll do is fill your water, and wayyy too often. I feel like it's the only thing they know how to do. They take your order, leave, play a full game of monopoly with the chef, and then realize they have people to serve. This place was dead and our waiter was MIA.

It's sad because I love the food here, but the service is an utter disgrace. My advice is to sit at the bar and NEVER sit at a table. The bartender will serve you way better than the table staff. If this place had average servers, I would give it 5 stars because the food is that good. I have to give it 2 stars because I feel like I could find better food service on the outskirts of Pyongyang. If they hire better staff and the service improves, I'll delete this review.

Even though the service was an abomination, I still tipped 20% on my tab, so these morons could pay their rent.
Solid wings and Korean food, not the best in town but pretty satisfying. Let's just clear this up early: if you go here, skip the big menu of assorted dishes and stick to their specialty, double fried Korean chicken.  A big group of friends and I stopped in for lunch and got 60 wings for ~$60 (however many you get, it'll average to around $1 a wing). Don't mind some of the other complaints that it takes a while to get your food, they have to double-fry every order so expect it take at least 20-30 min until you get your chicken.

The wings are pretty big and served with lots of fresh pickled daikon (white radish) to cut through the fat and spice. The breading/skin is nice and thick from the double frying, and had a nice crunch but honestly could've been crispier. The soy garlic wings were delicious, but while the spicy glaze packed enough of a kick to make me sweat, they lacked some seasoning. 

All in all, the food is pretty satisfying and it's a great place to kick back and enjoy some wings with friends, but I'd say Bonchon is less of a must-visit restaurant and more of a late-night craving.

P.S. They do have an $8.95 lunch special with choice of either 8 wings or 4 drumsticks + a side that looks like a great deal, will probably come try that some time.
Bonchon is among the trendier restaurants conveniently located in Chinatown and is especially popular with the youth. The place can be very busy and hectic towards dinner time and really hectic on the weekends. They also have a bar if your party wants drinks, and the ambience is a bit tight, but clean and hip? They always either play k-pop music or sports on their screens. Even though it's not spacious, it's still decent for semi-large parties. 

They serve Korean fried chicken that comes in two flavors: soy garlic and spicy. The soy garlic is always good; savory, aromatic, with a hint of sweetness. The same goes for the spicy version except it is like the name says, spicier. The spicy version can actually be very spicy because it tends to linger on your tongue for a bit. My favorite item, however, is the salmon avocado ball, and like the name says, it's basically an imitation crab ball with tempura bits with slices of avocado, torched salmon, and glazed with eel sauce. I could probably eat it as an entree if given.

Overall, I'd say go with your friends if you have a party. If you're in it for the best fried chicken, it's not here. Still, this place is convenient and serves decent food. Come if you just want to share a meal and some drinks with your friends.
I had a great time at this spot. The wings are crispy and AMAZING! Probably the best spot for wings in town. The spicy wings were really good and great for folk who are into serious spiciness. No jokes. Overall, our experience was topped off with our server Julie who was nothing but exceptional!!!!!
I've eaten at Bonchon enough times to definitively state that the Philly location is 3-stars, "A-OK." I will keep it positive by announcing that the lunch special is an INCREDIBLE deal -- for less than the price of sharing you get more chicken than you can eat (unless you're a gluttonous monster). The pickled radishes as a side dish make a refreshing palette cleanser in-between bites. Lastly, shout-out to the soy garlic, which is undoubtedly superior over the spicy sauce. The end.
ordered wings to go and when i got home there was a dirty fork inside the box. Then when i opened the radish, there was a plastic wrapper inside. I also got a few broken wings and there was barely any sauce on it.
I love the modern space they have and the open second floor is pretty neat as well. Mainly every corner is plastered with a tv and blasting kpop. The wings are amazing and if you've tried Soho, then you'll definitely love this place for their crispy and flavorful wings. The seasoned fries had every seasoning except for salt and that's just what it needed to stop being bland, although it was fried to perfection that I didn't mind as much. The takoyaki was piping hot and definitely tasted great with its fluffy interior and well-cooked octopus. Despite the long wait times, I will definitely come here again for the food!
I came here on a pretty chill Friday night. We were seated upstairs. It was pretty small but bearable. The servers were nice and attentive. A little too attentive though... Felt someone staring at me the whole time and it turns out it was the servers lol. Made a lot of awkward eye contact! Hahah.

Anyway, we ordered the salmon avocado ball and I did not like it one bit. It was just a very THIN slab of salmon and only one tiny slice of avocado in a ball filled with plenty of mayo with cucumber and crab. The mayo was too over powering. It kind of ruined my appetite.

Now, onto the wings. I really did enjoy the wings. We got a large spicy order. It was actually spicer than I expected but still really good. And I liked the fact that it was crispy. It was made just right with not too much batter! Definitely going to try the soy garlic next time!
Went to this little spot in Chinatown and decided to get some lunch at Bonchon which is pretty much the competitor of Cafe Soho. First of all I liked the inside very trendy and fun w/typical Korean pop videos on the big screen. Me and my wife orders the salmon avocado ball, half half order of the wings and drumsticks and the bulgogi bibimbap. All were pretty good, the bibimbap was plenty with good amount of meat and the wings were crispy and just the way I like them. The salmon avocado ball was pretty good too but I think it's over-rated. The waiter at our table was really helpful and kind and great with his service. My wife thought he was super good looking and even though I am a man, I had to agree hahaha. Overall, I thought the place was great but being located in the parking nightmare of Chinatown I would probably prefer Cafe Soho primarily because of location, however I will come back to Bonchon because of their other menu items I want to try and there good priced lunch specials. The bill was just about $40 for me and my wife including the tip and we both left pretty stuffed.
I went in for lunch before the shut down and they had plastic barriers between each table and sanitizer and they kept people separated. I ordered the vegetable house fried rice and 10 piece wings, Half soy sauce and half spicy because I couldn't decide between the two. I think both of them were absolutely delicious and when I do go back there I'll always order half-and-half. I believe those are probably one of the best Korean fried wings that I've had in the city so far. Their lunch special seems like it's a very good deal. I would also note that if you order directly online you have the option to do a family special which I think is an excellent deal for some reason I didn't see that option when you dine in. But I think overall like this is a great fried chicken place and if you want some really good fried chicken and you should definitely go here.
This place is just ok and I just don't get the appeal. The wings are just ok but not what I would expect from a place that's supposed to be known for its wings. The vibe of the restaurant is amusing with the k-pop music videos in the background but I would probably go insane if I had to stay there for more than an hour.

As with everywhere in Chinatown, parking is tough. But I would rather apply any parking luck I get to one of the many more appealing restaurants in Chinatown.
What a delicious place, with the twice-fried Korean chicken! 

While Bonchon has some great looking entrees, the star of this place is the twice-fried chicken - whether it be strips, drums, or wings. Both of the sauces, either the hot (and it is VERY HOT) or the soy (mildly sweet), are great compliments to the crispy chicken; I always go "half-and-half" to get my chicken with both flavors - I want it all! The chicken is typically complimented by pickled radish; I hate regular radish, but I admit to strongly lusting for Bonchon's delicious pickled radish!

Be warned though: it's LOUD in here - the televisions/music is always blasting K-POP, but it's a fun atmosphere; it ain't cheap (an order of 10 chicken strips will cost you $15 here in 2018); and the chicken usually takes about 20 MINUTES from order to table (or takeout).

Bonchon is definitely bangin' in Chinatown.
Been back a few times to pick up bonchon wings to go... And we keep coming back because the wings are tons crispier! YES! THANK YOU!
Bonchon is famous for its korean fried chicken. I have dined in the restaurant pre-pandemic, but this review is based on my recent delivery order. I ordered the wings and some fried rice. The wings are perfectly cooked and juicy, with that crunch that I love to hear. I was glad I ordered enough to last more than one day. The wings come with cole slaw, which was just meh, and I had the same reaction to the fried rice. Bonchon is definitely all about the wings. You won't be disappointed with the wings, but I have had even better Korean fried chicken wings at another Philly spot, so I can't give it 5 stars.
I am beyond disappointed for a large order of chicken. The last time when I went there which was before the pandemic and it was amazing but today when I order take out it was a waste of time because I live about 45 minutes away. If you eat here you understand what I'm talking about. The piece of chicken isn't even coated with the sauce all around. Like seriously normally I can eat it with rice but today I had to add more seasoning.
So this is probably one of the most hyped up places in Philly by college students. I went with a friend and my sister to give jt a try. 

The ambiance of this place is loud and bustling, so keep that in mind. There's loud Korean music and videos playing, and there's a lot of noise. That isn't necessarily a problem, but I would keep that in mind for a first-timer. We waited about 20 minutes to be seated, which isn't too bad. 

Once we were seated, our waited took our order and went to get us water that we requested. The three of us ordered a 30 piece traditional wings, half Spicy, half Soy Garlic. We also ordered sides of Seasoned Fries as well. 

Our food was brought out, and I was ready to DIG in. I really enjoyed these wings. I'm generally not a wing person, but these super crunchy wings has awesome flavor. In my opinion, the size and quality are much better than the wings at Buffalo Wild Wings or other restaurants selling traditional wings. They truly have that Korean-fried crunch. The seasoned fries were pretty damn good, also had an awesome crunch. 

The one thing I must say is that although the experience is good, Bonchon is pricey. With tip and tax, it comes out to about 25 dollar a person for 10 wings and fries. 

Overall, I would recommend this place for a great food experience. However, keep the price in mind, and it's something I'd keep as an occasional treat. I do want to try some other menu items that caught my eye though.
I am changing my original 5 star rating to a 2 star rating because Bonchon has changed its serving sizes and quality. Bonchon, as noted in my first review, was pricey but at that time there was enough meat and veggies on the bulgogi to charge $18.95. This is what I received last night. The prices are terribly inflated and for this, sadly, they have lost a customer.
If I could give then no stars, I would. I called for a pick up order, they told me 40 minutes. I went in and paid for the order, the girls told me 10 to 15 minutes additional. I waited 10 to 15 minutes and no food.  I asked them how much longer, one girl told me that were packing the food. 10 minutes later still no food. I asked wth is taking so long with my pick up.  One girl said that they are waiting for the pork. Seriously? You could have told me this a whole ago instead of covering it up. And if you didn't have it prepared yet, say something instead of just standing there. When I called to place the order, someone asked where her order was too. Seriously if this is how you people operate your business then maybe you shouldn't be operating a business at all. Hire people who knows what they're doing for once. Doesn't matter how good your food is, if your service sucks, you suck too. I'll never come to your restaurant again and I'll go tell everyone of my experience.
Took a stroll on my lunch and found my way to Chinatown. So I've visited a Bonchon chicken in Maryland and it was just okay. When I arrived after 12:30pm I noticed the place was clean and not very crowded. There was a guy who took my order and eventually a lady came to take my payment. I ordered the lunch half and half "wings" and a side of steam rice. It took about 20 min for my takeout order to be ready. When I got back to my location I opened the box and it smelled like what I remembered however I ordered wings and got a few drumsticks. So either the guy who put in my order did it incorrectly or the people cooking the food can't read or just gave what they wanted. Overall the place was just eh nothing very special. Probably won't visit this place again while visiting downtown philly. The chicken was fried a little too hard from what I remember having at another location.
i like it very much that they make it fresh here.. what i don't like is that they always make me wait an hr before eating... so be prepared to wait! if you don't drink, not sure what you're gonna do for a hr sitting there.. 

also, you can call and make a reservation.
I'm a huge fan of Korean food. Bon chon has really great yummy food. You can't go wrong with chicken and beer. But I wish there were more chicken flavors. 

In terms of the service, bon chon literally has the WORST service ever. The times that I've gone I've always had terrible service. One time there were 4 waiters just sitting around joking and watching TV. I literally waited 30 minutes for the 10 pieces of chicken I ordered and on top of that the waiter never came to give us our check when we were done. The couple next to us came way later and got their food before us. Which is totally ridiculous. I was so fed up that I got up and went to pay at the front. As soon as I got up the waiter that was serving us came down and didn't even acknowledge that we left. 

Such a shame. All my friends who I have talked to said the same thing. Bon chon has terrible service
The Chicken is absolutely fantastic all flavors are delicious. This was place definitely Slaps. Try the Chicken Combo to get ask many flavors as possible.
One of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever had. I know it's their first week of opening.. but there were a number of large problems and lots of time and money wasted. I'll probably be back once they get their stuff together because I really want to like this place! We arrived at 7:15, put our name down, sat at 8:15, and didn't leave till 9:45. 

What happened:
My friend and I put our name and number down at 7:15 and we were told a 40 min wait. It was more like an hour, but that was okay. We sat down at 8:15.
We sat down and were told the chicken takes 40 minutes to cook. That kinda shocked me after waiting almost an hour already.. but it was still fine. We ordered a combo large order and toppoki. The toppoki took almost 40 minutes to come out. What? That should have taken 20 max.. it was fine though. Nice and spicy. 

Our waiter was nice and kept apologizing for our food taking so long.. eventually he told us the wings were ready but the large drums would take longer. He asked us if we wanted only wings or to wait until they were all ready.. we ended up having the wings sent out first and having the legs sent out after.

Now here's the kicker. After more than an hour of placing our order, THE WINGS WERE COLD. They were nothing special at that point. Overly sauced and getting soggy. What???? We ate them anyway cause we didn't want to wait any longer and got the drums to go. The bill was over $50 for 2 people for a bottle of coke, frozen toppoki and soggy chicken wings.

I should really give this review 1 star but the waiter was nice and it was opening week. Also the menu has some interesting items that I want to try, but gosh, stay away for the next couple weeks till they get it together.
I live on the Jersey side of Philly and this Bon Chon is out of the delivery radius :-(. Due to Covid I haven't been able to visit Philly. There desperately needs to be a Bon Chon on this side of the river because the Korean wings around my area are HORRIBLE! I call it faux Bon Chon. Please open on this side! Need your wings badly!
Being a chain, I've been to multiple BonChon locations around the country (and even Korea), and I have to say this one is the WORST. I gave this place 2 tries before writing this review, and both times were consistently bad. Insanely overcooked and dry, almost tasting like chicken jerky. They even skimped on the sauce, making the chicken seem even more dry. Also, both times we had to wait almost an hour for the food to come out after being seated. 

I was super excited for this place to open, and after months of anticipation, this place was just utter disappointment. I love BonChon chicken, but this place just does it so wrong!!!
Went on a Tuesday night for a late night snack. Greeted warmly and seated immediately at the bar. Upbeat Korean music blasting, Soju flowing, and plates of fried chicken flying by -- just how I like my Bonchon.

We'd been to one before, and are so happy one opened up in a Philly. The bartender was immediately attentive, and did a good job at explaining the menu and getting us our drinks.

We got a small order of the wings, and went half and half with the sauces. The hotter of the two disappeared from our mound of food instantly. The chicken was so well cooked, crispy and juicy, we didn't even have time to use our napkins.

Food came out to us really quickly, we were really satisfied with our time spent here. My only regret is not getting a Soju carafe, guess I'll have to come back. Oh no.
3.5 stars, rounded up.

We have been waiting for BonChon to open since it was first announced last year. When it finally opened its doors, we knew that trying to eat there during their first days would be absolute mayhem... So we waited and waited. (Hubs loves fried chicken, so this was absolute torture for him.) Finally we decided it was time. We showed up shortly after they opened - thankfully there was no wait, but the place was already half full...! Crazy!

We did our usual and ordered way more than we should have:

- Bulgogi Sliders - This was my favorite appetizer. The bulgogi was really tender and flavorful. The sliders were a perfect bite-sized bit of deliciousness. 
- Seasoned Fries - This took forever to come out of the kitchen... We were halfway through the chicken when the fries showed up. It tasted like it was seasoned with Parmesan.
- Seafood Scallion Pancake - A little too greasy and a little too burnt for my taste. Not much seafood in it either.
- Salmon Avocado Ball - This guy showed up after the fries... We were pretty full by the time we dove into the salmon avocado ball... But it was pretty good! Think pieces of salmon with chunks of cucumbers, avocado, crab meat and roe underneath. It was light and tasty. Not what I expected at all, but we enjoyed it.
- 20 wings: Half and half - Okay. The one thing we came here for, the chicken. The flavor was pretty good, I liked the soy garlic, and the spicy wings had a nice kick. But were they crispy?!? Not as crispy as I would have liked :( .. It was a little underwhelming - some wings had a nice crisp to them, but some wings were soggy... That was disappointing. 

Food overall was 3.5 stars for me. Rounding up because our server, Carol, was super nice and attentive. She checked in on us a few times, followed up if we needed extra sauce for the wings, and even brought us wet naps when we asked for extra napkins. Mikey made sure our glasses weren't empty. 
Aside from that, the decor is trendy with reds and dark browns throughout. TVs playing sports and music videos keep you entertained.  

Please make your wings crispier!!!
Wings: Absolutely delicious. Maybe even the best I've had in Philly. They are deep fried asian style and have that nice crispy finish to them that you just don't find in American hot wings. The hot sauce that they come painted in is HOT. I may have shed a tear or two in that painful ecstasy. If your tolerance for spice isn't high, you can ask them to take it down a notch. 

Drinks: Standard stuff. Beer + full liquor bar. They do daily specials, but nothing to write home about. We tried the watermelon soju cocktail once - we ordered a pitcher and were mildly disappointed when an average sized bottle arrived at the table. One night out, we told our waiter that we were looking to consume something a little on the stronger side and he suggested a custom house cocktail that would "make us go blind" -but don't worry, we retained our sight! 

Atmosphere: Really fun. The entire front of the bar is open to the street which is really nice in the summer months. Noise level is manageable, music is good, TV screens alternate between Asian music videos and all relevant sporting events. 

The best part is that they're open till 2am every night (except Sunday, I think) - it's so comforting to know that Bonchon has my back whenever the craving hits.
came back after a month to see if the quality of chicken got any better. it hasn't, I'm still not convinced it's double fried. the chicken comes out warm, and the first bite I take into the wings is soft, no real crisp. 
if we're talking about bonchon (my hometown), first time I ate Korean fried wings was at Soho. I'm going to stick with my roots as they still cook their chicken to perfection. if you haven't tried Soho wings, you haven't had real Korean fried chicken.
Came here pretty drunk on a Thursday night. We got the dumplings and chicken wings (obviously). I have to say the wings were on point! I didn't think they would be good as soho, and they're not but it's almost there, they just need to make the wings bigger like soho does but for being there on a 2am on a drunken Thursday night ,it was pretty solid. Customer service was amazing! But then again there was no one else really there haha.
Crack wings - had the cucumber Mint and lychee drink. Super stiff! Spicy and soy garlic wings! Love their wings!  You must eat hot.. The spicy wings have a good kick, so make sure you order a cocktail or beer to help cool down the heat...
