dear bookers,

thank you. thank you for being born. you were what was much needed for two disgruntled humans. there has just been too many things to be disgruntled about lately...am i right? or am i right?

anyways, you didn't have room for us when we first tried. we should have expected the crowd since it was an unusually beautiful day during winter. but you were so kind then that we decided to give you a second chance. we are SO glad that we did!

on warmer days, they have seating outdoors. before even walking in, you can see the elegance inside because their storefront is all glass. the interior is super chic. as soon as you walk in, you are greeted by a beautiful bar. super chic, so you would think pretentious with a lot of attitude right? not here. everyone had smiles on their faces and an added plus is that their clientele is diverse. love love love

second time around, the place was busy again. good sign! but they were able to seat us right away. our server (nikita?) introduced herself right away and was so pleasant AND efficient the whole evening. our food was a bit delayed but we were enjoying the complimentary chips and truffle/ranch dip, so barely even noticed. and besides, we were long overdue a venting session so we didn't mind. jeremy, who i'm assuming is the manager came to apologize and was so gracious about it. 

what was ordered, dirty martinis, brisket biscuits, pickled mushrooms, and for dessert, some kind of waffle with ice cream kind of thing...omg! everything was so delicious. now...those who know, know that i am a stickler for good customer service. booker's KNOWS good customer service! and so close to home, i will absolutely be back! 

ps-a little loud, but this is why it doesn't have that pretentious feel. everything is quality, but is also a spot where you can just let your hair down, laugh loudly, relax, and have a good time.
After visiting Bookers about 3-4 times now. I have to say its a dining experience that the same but slightly different every time in a good way.
The first time was Fathers' Day and service was understandably delayed. What was a great gesture was the host bring out a plate of complimentary appetizers for our wait and asking was there any snacks they could get our child while they were waiting for food. They didn't have to do that and they were greatly appreciated for that.

Food wise everything was solid. 
For brunch I ordered the Blueberry Pancakes with blueberry compote, whipped cream, maple butter.  Freaking delicious, especially that blueberry compote. 
For dinner I just tried the burger which was good, but the fries were meh. I've never been a fan of shoestring fries anyway.  

BUT THE BEST THANG ON THE MENU!!? 
THAT BUFFALO CAULIFLOWER!! Whoever created that...I thank you...I could literally order that to go almost every other day if I had the budget lol Its so good. The cauliflower is cooked so well and not drenched in sauce. Its just enough to give the taste of buffalo sauce but the texture of the cauliflower is there just enough. 
If you don't go for anything else. Go for the cauliflower. 

i'll be back again because overall its just a nice atmosphere in west philly to dine in.
So, here's the deal. The bar at Booker's on any night is one of the best. But a weeknight? Excellent. I found myself at Booker's on a Tuesday night with one of my best friends and I ordered the Caesar salad with shrimp and it was actually amazing. A Caesar salad amazing? Yup. It was spicy and delicious and crisp. So there. But the absolute highlight of the night were the drinks made by Eyob, the bartender. Oh. My. Gosh. So...I'm a sucker for a tequila drink but I don't like overly sweet and syrupy. Hard to find with tequila. Eyob designed the PERFECT tequila drink. Subtle, mixed well, a touch of citrus and delicious. It was called "Poolside". He actually had a bevy of original cocktails and he served them up with poise and expertise. He was patient (even when we got a tad rowdy) professional and most importantly a mixologist. He took pride in his work and made it all from scratch. Sidle up to the bar at Bookers. It's a great way to unwind and spend a sweet evening with delicious drinks and friends.
It is so rare that I actually embark on dining out during the pandemic. And I have yet to dine IN anywhere, which is why Bookers beautiful, distanced, open air with heaters space is a good way to eat somewhere other than my kitchen table or living room couch. They have done an excellent job keeping the space warm but not too enclosed. And the burger I had here last night was delicious. It was seasoned well and cooked just how I wanted it. It comes with caramelized onions and feta cheese and I always love their hand cut fries. Their hot toddies were a good decision on this winter night. Glad I made it out here.
I have been to Booker's several times and this was an impromptu visit after 'Baltimore Ave Dollar Stroll Night'!  I have held off reviewing Booker's because whenever I come in for dinner vs. sitting @ the bar-the service is usually slooooowwwww! 

This visit yielded the same outcome!  The place had empty tables-yet we waited over 10 minutes to be seated due to 'confusion' about cleaning tables and whose station was available....blah...blah!

Finally we are seated and order some drinks and appetizers--drinks took at least 20 minutes!  The food we decided on was the mussels and calamari-that took at least 40 minutes-that is ridiculous!?

The food was Eh.....just average... but again this has been my experience when I visit!  

If I do return-I'll stick to sitting at the bar!
I should just never order a burger again. Or if I I really can't help myself, I should make it a standing rule to cut the burger in half and only eat one half in a single sitting, no matter how good it is. If I can stick to that burger philosophy going forward, at least the last full burger I'll have eaten, the salmon burger from Booker's Bar and Restaurant, was pretty great. I've never had a salmon burger before, but this had good, fresh-tasting salmon, was quite decadent (seemed deep fried) and HUGE. It was served on a delicious brioche bun, and came with a honey chipotle glaze on the side that was personally too sweet for me. It could have used an extra or thicker slice of tomato, but even as it was it was so good that even after eating about two thirds and thinking, if I finish it now, it's going to hurt, I still did anyway. (Next morning verdict, yes it hurts, and thus my aforementioned burger philosophy was born.)
My partner also got a burger, the black bean veggie, and the hand cut fries that came with it (I substituted a salad for the fries that normally come with my burger, and I'll be eating that at some point after the hurting stops.) He enjoyed the veggie burger, noting that it was quite rich as well,  but he wasn't as much a fan of the fries - he said they were soggy, but that could be a consequence of getting dinner for takeout. They'd probably be crispier and more enjoyable for an eat-in restaurant experience. 
We're still only doing takeout, but I have to say that the sidewalk in front of the restaurant did not have a single empty table. The menu is light on vegetarian options, so we probably wouldn't do dinner here again. The happy hour looks pretty excellent, though, so when we're doing dine-in again, we'll have to come back for that!
My favorite spot for great food, great drinks and a laid back mellow experience. The food is simply delicious. None of that foo-foo stuff that makes you wonder what you are eating. It's still interesting, well presented and just plain good ! Out table had honey dipped chicken, creamed greens and mac n cheese with some sweet cornbread. OMG, it was amazing !. The rest of the group had ribs, which fell off of the bone and Booker's burger, which my friend thoroughly enjoyed. She could only eat 1/2 ! We were so full, we couldn' make it to dessert.  My friend is already planning our next visit ! Make sure you hit them up. It's a great dining experience!
PS -We lucked up and there was a nice 3 piece group playing some relaxing music.  NICE !!
We arrived on a Friday night and were seated right away. They've done a great job with the space. Nice colors and lighting and good warmth.
 Our server seemed to be a tad condescending and a bit inattentive. I tried to be forgiving since the restaurant is just getting started. We were given menus right away, but after drink orders were taken getting service seemed to be challenging. We were ready to order about fifteen minutes before our order was actually taken.
We started with the deviled eggs. They were okay. Not really anything special.
My daughter ordered the burger and fries, my friend ordered the brick chicken and I ordered the trout.
The burger was pretty good. Cooked well, ordered just as we requested and the fries were tasty. Our server never brought ketchup but my kid ate all she had anyway. My friend said the chicken was "rubbery" and wasn't so impressed. My trout was tasty as well as the "smashed" potatoes. The trout was flaky and cooked well.
The service was spotty. Our server rarely checked on us. She told us our order was taking longer because the chicken took longer to cook but when we asked for a menu to order additional appetizers (because we needed to wait longer) she never checked on our table to take the order so we went without. At the end of evening when we were splitting the check, we were told there was a mix up, but then found that there wasn't after WE discovered that there was no error but there was not much accommodation regarding any oversight. 
In conclusion, the food was adequate, the service was sub-par, but it's new and hopefully room for improvement. I'm not giving up on this place, but I hope they take heed and look towards improving.
A solid 4!  Service always seems a little slow but the servers are cool and the vibe is chill.
Came here for brunch in the middle of a pandemic. Called to reserve a table and they required a $25. Definitely a first for me. I liked their outside dining set up along with the 90s r&b playing. I REALLY enjoyed the Cheesecake French Toast. I was surprised that it came with blueberries. Although their Pancake Of The Day was blueberry pancakes. Ordered cheese grits, but they lacked a bit of taste. The portion size was huge though. This is a great spot for brunch for all ages. Would definitely come back again.
My partner and I ventured out to the newest Baltimore Ave restaurant a few weeks after their opening. We booked a Friday night 7pm reservation through Open Table, though it was very unnecessary as the place was quite empty. Since it was a quiet night, we were greeted by several bar staff, though it was unclear who was hosting or seating and no one clearly told us. We awkwardly slow-walked towards what we assumed to be the dining room, until we were intercepted by a host.

We were provided with waters and chips and dip to start. Thank goodness for this complimentary starter because we were in it for the long haul. The service was friendly to start, but the kitchen was so painstakingly slow it was cringe-worthy. I'm generally forgiving when it comes to wait times, though staff needs to communicate on this and that just did not happen here. It was nearly an hour between ordering and receiving our app (smelt = amazing, who knew!), to receiving our dinner (fish n chips, and brick chicken). I would catch glimpses of our server who would slyly peek around the corner towards our table, and then dodge away.  

Ultimately, I chalk this one up to a new restaurant getting into it's groove. I'll give it a solid few months before trying it out again because the food is delicious and reasonably priced. Give yourself plenty of time for dining here - just in case!
Great food, and great bartender! BUT, they NEED to turn their A/C on! 

And when I asked them to turn the AC on, they said no! There's no justifiable reason to not have the A/C on especially with 88 + degree weather, coupled with the heat from the kitchen! 

So that will be the main reason I don't come here as much during the summer since they don't seem to care enough about the customer experience.


TURN THE A/C ON!!!!
Something a little different for the Cedar Park neighborhood, Booker's wouldn't feel out of place in Center City, but for the most part keeps within the expected price range of West Philly. Decent wine list, a few local beer on tab, and a few vegan options. I've had the vegan jambalaya twice and it is great, just spicy enough! Great service as well.
What a letdown.

On my neverending quest to try and support black and brown owned businesses, and after hearing constant raves, I decided to finally try Booker's.

Let me start by saying my server, who the receipt indicates was named Shiona but I'm not sure that's correct, was extremely gracious and kind.

That's the only good thing I can say about Booker's.

So it was PACKED on the Sunday afternoon I arrived, and I can understand how that can create a hectic situation. I was seated at a high-rise two top near the bar, where it took just under 20 minutes for someone to come to my table to take my order. A waitress DID, however, come to my table to take away my salt and pepper shakers for another table.

During this time my table had yet to be bussed so it was sticky, with a half-drank cup of water sitting on it.

Eventually my waitress made her way over and I ordered:

Unsweetened iced tea with lemon - $3.00
"Wisconsin Cheese Curds" - $10
"Bookers Burger" - $17
Add Bacon - $6
Beet Salad - $14

So it took 10 minutes for me to get an iced tea. No joke. After maybe 7 minutes my waitress came to tell me they were brewing it fresh. Ok. Whatever. It came shortly thereafter and it was fine. A little bitter, but then maybe after this experience so am I.

About ten minutes later my burger came out. No salad had come. No cheese curds. I said to the woman with my burger, are my appetizer and salad coming out? She seemed bewildered and said she would go check. A moment later she came out with the food that should have come out way before my burger.

I dove into the salad.

It was WARM. It had clearly been sitting in the service window of the kitchen amongst the warm dishes.

But worse than that...THE BEETS WERE RAW. The "roasted beets" as described in the menu might as well have been pulled from the ground. I could not get my fork into them!

So then I'm in the position of being the a**hole who has to send an item back. To be fair, my waitress touched one of the beets and agreed they were literally rock hard and uncooked.

I will say this about the cheese curds: they were good. Nothing spectacular, and an INSANELY SMALL PORTION for $10...but they were good.

The burger was an absolute JOKE. For $17? Are you kidding me? It was a tiny patty on a soggy bun with barely any flavor, with a tiny portion of the most basic McDonald's fries I've ever tasted. This was an $8 burger at best, and coupled with $6 bacon I paid $23 for something I could have gotten at Five Guys for $10. Total rip off in every way.

Now to just take a left turn and address something else: the music they were playing. This is a 2PM Sunday afternoon brunch at a family restaurant.

I heard the N word from that music more times than I could count. That is not my word, and I don't take ownership of it, but I find it unpleasant to listen to even a few times, let along 100 times over the course of an hour.

But it wasn't just that. To quote another song that played: "Don't be surprised boy when I buss it wide, I hypnotize you with this p*ssy, that d*ck make my soul smile."

You draw your own conclusions from here. I'm not a prude, but this is not what I want assaulting my ears at a 2PM Sunday brunch.

If I could I would ask for my money back, and rest assured I won't return. With 20% tip I feel like I threw nearly $50 in the garbage.
We enjoyed ourselves at this cozy restaurant on the west end of Philly. Though the hostess informed us it would be quite some time before we were actually seated, we were taking off our coats and sitting in chairs after a 15 minute wait. For some reason the water they provided us with while we waited for our food was extra extra refreshing. Both of us had the chicken and waffles. The waffles were kind of too soft and tasted alright but the chicken was pretty good. The best part of the meal was the strawberry butter even though it came out after I was practically done eating. Overall positive experience with okay food and really really good customer service.
I don't generally venture out to West Philly for dinner but I'm glad my sister had her birthday dinner at Booker's. I was pleasantly surprised  by the great meal we had there. The Deviled eggs appetizer got the evening off to a good start. Then came the lobster mac & cheese appetizer that ranks right up there with the more expensive versions at center city steak houses. The ribs i had for my entree were falling off the bone delicious, and i had enough to take home for dinner the next day. Our service was also impeccable. Everyone went home happy with their meals, which ranged from fried chicken & waffles to blackened catfish to fillet mignon with lobster mashed potatoes. Booker's shows that you can't sleep on West Philly when you are looking for a great meal.
Brunch at Booker's one winter afternoon was a pleasant, sunny affair. The restaurant was comfortable and filled with light. 

Here's a food summary (I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars):

****^ Shrimp and grits: Shrimp were plump and perfectly cooked. The grits were good and had some kind of tasty well-seasoned sauce on it.

*** Crab cake eggs benedict or "benny": This was solid, but not as good as the shrimp and grits! I wish there had been more hollandaise sauce.

***^ Pan-seared Brussels sprouts were crispy & tasty with goat cheese, dried fruit, and nuts, but I wish there had been some more substantial whole or half- pieces of Brussels sprouts. Instead, most of the Brussel sprouts were individual leaves that were extremely charred and crispy. It tasted good, but I didn't get the vegetables I was hoping for. 

Service was friendly and helpful.

I'd be happy to return.
Very welcoming West Philly gem. A friend had a birthday brunch here with a large party and they were very accommodating. Excellent friendly service and delicious food. The ambience speaks for itself.
You could not pay me to come here again. People desire support but provide slothful service. After a forty minute wait, after ordering... I requested a manager. The manager informed me she had a party of 30 & another party of 16 so the kitchen was backed up. First, if you have parties that large, do you not staff the kitchen & floor to handle such? The manager returned within moments informing  us that there would be an additional 10 min wait for our food to arrive. The other interesting fact.... the large party of 30 were seated near us & were served by the time we placed our order. If I could give this place zero stars, I would. Actually, I would give them minus 2 or 3. Why is it people want support but provide lackluster service? My friend said they were slothful when she came for dinner, my apologies to her, i should have listened.

I get celebrations & festivities but the noise from the large party was crazy.  Dancing on the floor, cursing, and such. While people should have a great time, if a restaurant has no private facilities to host large parties they should be mindful.the manager came over several times to interact with the party but did not ask group to settle down any. I come a huge family & understand group activities but indoor voices should be used at restaurants instead of outdoor voices. 

The food was good. I had a veggie omelet with potatoes and a side of pancakes. The omelet came out hot & fresh, but the pancakes were tepid. When I informed the manager & waitress, the response was they can be heated up. I requested hot & fresh pancakes... the waitress brought me out new pancakes, that were still tepid with strawberry butter (which was not requested). 

When I say one & done... that is not an exaggeration.  I travel all over the globe & eat in Michelin star restaurants as well as neighborhood spots. This by far has been the craziest experience I have ever had. I could have went to Sabruna's and waited 1 hour to be seated, for that is about how long I waited to be served anyhow......
I really, REALLY, truly wanted to like this place. I'm sad & disappointed by my experience. So, gratefully, we were able to make last minute reservations via telephone for Sunday brunch. Whoever I spoke to on the phone lied to me and told me bottomless mimosas were available. Our table. Yikes. We were right near the kitchen. I feel like... There should have been some type of barrier, wall, or curtain between dining customers and the kitchen. Especially.... When someone burns something. We smelled like oke when we left. So definitely not a fan of the set up inside. Our server. He did mention he was new when he first came to our table. He was clueless about menu items, and kept asking US questions about it like we were supposed to have answers. So, with no bottomless mimosas, we ordered a pitcher of mango mimosa instead. The service. Everything in there just seems SO confused. I lie to you not, servers came to our table trying to drop off food/drinks that weren't ours at LEAST 5 times for the duration of our visit. Our food definitely took on the long side to be delivered. I don't think the open dining room should be able to see the kitchen. Sidetrack: I was really excited to try this place because is it black owned. That's probably the only reason I wanted to dine here (besides the lie of bottomless mimosas). My expectations were super high, and I was... Disappointed. I ordered a short stack of pancakes (2), a side of turkey bacon, and cheesy grits. The pancakes were HUGE. No butter on top, but hey. I was given a half full condiment to go container of syrup. With how large the pancakes are... Lol, wouldn't one assume I'd need more than that? My side order of turkey bacon only included 2 strips of bacon. C'mon, I'm an adult. Lol I could have at least gotten 3. The grits..... WHEW. These literally were the worst grits I've ever tasted in my life, besides The Waffle House. They created a new definition of TASTELESS for me today. I was SO sad. Firstly, they were made with water. No cream was added. There was no butter. No salt. No pepper. No other seasonings. And to my utter dismay... The cheese that made them "cheesy" was mozzarella. Who & I really mean WHO put mozzarella cheese on grits?! It's next to having zero taste on it's own. Why would you add this to grits? I just really wish I knew the thought process when this decision was made. I tried REALLY hard to fix these grits before I complained. I asked for salt and pepper shakers. I ordered a side of the sauce that comes with shrimp & grits, AND I asked for more cheese on the side. They were definitely unsalvageable. I did end up saying something to our server, who took them off the bill. Would I return? Mannnn, supporting my people is VERY important to me. With that being said, I would try this restaurant ONE more time. And when and if I do so, I would never order breakfast food.
I just enjoy Halloween and seeing everyone in silly costumes especially adults, its always an enjoyable sight. I came here for a yelp Halloween event and had a great time!

Bookers has a nice jazzy vibe, this restaurant serves you with grown up, classiness, dim lit setting and just delicious food. It's very spacious, they have a nice bar setting and we enjoyed the jazz music in the background. At times I felt like I got lost in a time machine and was dining at  Booker's restaurant in the 1950s. The decor was Afrocentric in some ways and I just enjoy the theme and cultural vibes of the restaurant.

We decided to order appetizers, dinner and dessert. For the appetizer, I had the buffalo cauliflower which was delicious, I mean damn they did a good job on that cauliflower cause it taste just like chicken lol. We also had the crispy mozzarella cheese curds and I ended up getting the fish and chips which was so filling that I ended up taking a lot of food home. 

 The prices are a little steep, but I can tell that the chef puts a lot of detail in the presentation and quality of the food so I get it! Overall, will I be back of course and I recommend others to try this place out as well.
Decided to come to this spot on the fly for a cognac branded cocktail event they were having.  They had a DJ perched in the doorway that allowed us the benefit of having some nice 90's tunes while we enjoyed our dinner outdoors. 

They were happy to accommodate my keto request by serving my burger sans buns.  The salad was good and I also ordered the shaved brussel sprouts which were the highlight of my meal.  I'd definitely like to try more items on the menu.
Great daily happy hour and definitely a locals spot! I enjoyed a few drinks waiting for my wife, then we had a snack before heading closer to city center. The happy hour tapas include calamari, thai wings, spicy turkey meatballs and more ranging from $4 to $6 bucks. Not bad! There are vegan options and a city-wide special where you get a beer, shot, and fried pickles for $7! I didn't go for it since I enjoyed a few glasses of bubbly...what else would I be having? I'd love to come back here an sample some more off the menu. The service was friendly and so were the folks at the bar.
Dude... the chicken and waffles; get them and thank me later. One of the greatest brunch dishes in the history of mankind.

So I know this guy we'll leave anonymous in respect of personal privacy (cough... Byron... cough, cough) who told me to come peep this place.

I've been for both brunch and dinner. So, this may seem small potatoes to you, but seriously, the chef's potatoes are fantastic. First, the home fries are the best I've ever had. Perfectly browned, crisped and seasoned while retaining a tender inside. They're divine. When it comes to fried potatoes, it's Booker's and the lard-fried potatoes from Paesano's that reign supreme atop my mountain. Same deal... the fingerlings that come with the trout entree... perfect.

Yo chef... you sir, are the fucking potato master.

Anyway, like I said... the chicken and waffles are dope as fuck. I also had the veggie omelet... precise execution combined with the smooth & creamy texture of the goat cheese careening about the firmer veggies makes for a cacophony on the palette... plus the shit just taste divine.

I'm starting to get lazy so Cliffs Notes to follow:

* Fried smelts = solid
* Deviled Eggs = dope
* Potato Chips & truffled sour cream = dope
* Pickled Local Mushrooms = dope (of note... acidic and bring a lil' fiyah... grown folks shit)
* Buffalo Cauliflower = dope
* Caesar with Oysters = super dope
* Brussel Sprouts = super dope
* Pan Seared Trout = super dope
* Veggie Omelet = super duper dope
* Chicken & Waffles = a motherfucking superstar

The service was helpful, kind, and attentive. 

PS - Whatevs Byron... yeah yeah, you were correct. Anyway, go to Booker's... especially for brunch.
This place has been going downhill for a while, but tonight was the final straw for me. Ordered the Booker burger medium rare with the blue cheese on the side and a slice of limoncello cake. The burger was clearly made with a premade frozen patty cooked to hell-- dry and tasteless as all outdoors. The burger had NO TOPPINGS. No blue cheese, no carmelized onions, no spreads or sauces. Nothing that was advertised except for a sad patty with wilted lettuce and soggy fries. For $16.

Decided "well at least I still have the cake" lol no. I took a bite and there was a random piece of paper in it. Tossed it. $9 also gone

I'm trying to support local restaurants during this difficult time but this is unacceptable.
The second time was a charm, we ate there again & my burger was cooked perfectly. But my eating partners were a bit disappointed bcz their burgers were undercooked. The floor Mgr had the cook make them both burgers & fries to go even though they didn't want another, complimentary. So, 4 stars for the food but 5 stars for the exceptional customer service!
Went here on a rainy night because it was close to where I was at, and had some decent reviews. Glad I did. The atmosphere would've made this place a winner even if the food wasn't as delicious as it was. Real chic and laid back, and as a bonus, the entire storefront opens up to let fresh air in. We had deviled eggs and buffalo cauliflower as appetizers. Both were prepared well. I had the almond encrusted trout for dinner... Excellent.
Love it here. Warm, inviting and great food. My favorite server/ bartender is Shay. She's super nice, knowledge and efficient. My favorite thing to get is the burger. My friends call me basic for it, but the burger is not. Whatever sauce comes on the Bookers Burger is everything (and I don't even like condiments). The fries seem like they're freshly cut. And, the drinks are always tasty. 

But... the Best time to come is happy hour because there are great specials. My favorite is the spicy meatballs. Everything just tastes like my people made it with love and professionalism. ‍‍‍
First visit the this new-to-us local spot on the gentrified edges of west Philly.  Parking was fairly easy. 
 
+ Great Friday night vibe.  
+ Bar staff was friendly and attentive.
+ Held our reservation 

Overall the food was decent if not a bit underwhelming.
+ Hanger steak had a really nice deep rich flavor - loved it!
+ The ox tail comes with carrots that were spiced right - just enough heat.
- Lobster mac & cheese lacked effort and the decadence expected from rich dish.
- Black-eyed pea hummus was way too salty - but edible.
- Love brussels but they were a unanimous miss.
- Server was a bit forgetful and had no suggestions on menu items          but we liked her anyway.

Overall, good experience.  I would have a small plate or two at the bar on the next visit.
UPDATE:
If you're looking for an ideal brunch experience, check them out. 
They have great options for all eating habits. The drink options are vast and creative. Outside seating with heaters and personalized booths. Seating is by reservation only.
This establishment is a sister-restaurant to Aksum, which you can tell from my review of that place, I loved.  We tried to go to Aksum for brunch but the server said they were full, but that we should give this place a try, so we did.  

THE GOOD: 
- The appetizer. I loved the cauliflower buffalo wings.  It was vegan friendly and tasted just like chicken wings (this is coming someone who hasn't had chicken in three years, so yeah).  My table-mates also enjoyed their chicken and waffle appetizer.   

- The ambiance. The restaurant itself is nicely lit and looks very welcoming.  It's on a block that, honestly, I would have never been on 5 years ago.  Now, it's a cool little hipster part of town so it was nice to experience this part of west philly. They also played great throwback hip hop jams that my bf and I loved.  

THE BAD:
- The Service.  I know this place is new and I get that there are kinks to be worked out, but this seemed like they just have no idea how to run a fast paced restaurant in a restaurant town (which is quite shocking given that Aksum is so great). I will say that our food came out fast, which was nice, but that's about all the good things I have to say.  
- The bar tender was by herself at the bar with seats for about 12-15--all of which were full with people eating brunch.  She didn't seem to be handling the volume of people very well as many of us had to repeatedly ask for water and we didn't get our complementary muffins w/butter (which were fantastic by the way) until we were halfway through our appetizers.  I would suggest that they equip the bartender with a number of different tools to help this go smoother: (1) she needs to have condiments like syrup, butter, etc. at the ready.  My friends had chicken and waffles and didn't get syrup until they were on their last bite because no one would come from the kitchen to bring it quickly.  This is a brunch spot, have syrup on deck at the bar;  (2) have small plates and utensils at the bar.  Again, we got our food and had no utensils until a guy (who seemed like he was doing everything) had to go allllll the way in the back to get them--p.s. we also had to eat our entrees with forks and knives that were covered in buffalo wing sauce because we couldn't get new utensils in time; (3) give the bartender her own dedicated server to get food and service the people at the counter because the bar tender was not only making drinks for the entire restaurant, she had 15 customers with food and drinks that she was unable to properly attend to.  

- The Shrimp and Grits. As a sister restaurant to Aksum, I find myself really confused as to why Booker's wouldn't just use the same, tried-and-true Shrimp and Grits recipe as they do.  Instead, these grits were runny and flavorless and the shrimp was unseasoned and chewy--they complete opposite of Aksum.  That alone cost this restaurant a star.     

THE CONCLUSION:
- Oh man I really wanted to love this place, I promise I did, but sadly I didn't.  Service can truly make or break a dining experience, and here, it broke them.r
I'm updating my review as I've since returned to Booker's multiple times. In general, food is solid but unexceptional. Good service. Restaurant atmosphere is warm and pleasant.

Here's a more detailed food summary (I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars):

APPETIZERS, SNACKS & SALADS
***** Deviled eggs were so good, with a delicious creamy sauce. Sadly, I don't often see this on the menu.
**** Booker's salad was quite good: has a variety of things, including corn, shrimp
**** Buffalo cauliflower is good: fried breaded cauliflower with buffalo sauce, veggie sticks and blue cheese sauce
**** Crispy Brussels sprouts with goat cheese, dried cranberries, and walnuts are tasty, crispy, and quite good. 
**^ Thai Chicken Wings: I had these at happy hour & found them to be overcooked. The breaded skin was too tough.

BRUNCH
**** Shrimp and grits: Shrimp are fine & the grits are served with a tasty sauce. Last time I ordered this, the dish came with fried eggs.
***^ Brunch Burger is solid, fries were okay
***^ Steak and eggs: fairly good, basic dish.
*** Crab cake eggs benedict or "benny": This was solid, but not especially amazing. I wish there had been more hollandaise sauce.
*** Catfish benedict was fine
*** Omelette of the day was fine, nothing special

DINNER
***^ Lamb chops were okay. Some parts seemed too tough and gristle-y. Mashed potatoes were good. Green beans were there.
*** BBQ Ribs were overcooked. The cornbread was excellent, tasty and well-textured. Collards were good. I typically have a weakness for potato salad, but this one was particularly bland. 

SIDES
***^ Side of collards is fine, pretty standard.
*** Sauteed Brussels sprouts (side dish) were undercooked, but otherwise tasted fine. I appreciated having good clean green vegetables with my dinner!

DRINKS
The whiskey ginger and mango habanero cocktails I've tried have been okay. Mojito was too watery. The loaded bloody mary is impressive with the garnishes, but I didn't want it again. Mocktails I've tried here have been fine.

SUMMARY
The food averages around 3.5 stars; I'm rounding to 4 stars. We always enjoy our visit. Service is consistently good, friendly, warm & helpful.
Came here about a month ago when the bf and I were in town visiting his friends. His friends are apparently regulars to this place, and they mentioned that the owner liked to hire students and recent grads from the nearby culinary institute. I really liked that, so that already elevated this place in my eyes. 

The place is pretty big, with two separate dining areas, as well as al fresco seating. The menu is primarily Cajun/Creole based, but since we were here for brunch, they also offered your standard brunch offerings as well. I opted to get their breakfast burrito along with some coffee, and the rest of my party got some other standard brunch items. The food took awhile to come, and our server seemed a little nervous, but I chalked it up to their lack of experience and familiarity in working in an actual kitchen, so I was more forgiving. The food itself was pretty good, and our server was attentive as could be.

I'd say that this is a fairly safe place to come for brunch if you want your standard American fare, while also having the option to choose some southern dishes if you wish.
I had a great time. The food was delicious. The Grilled Salmon Burger and fries were delicious! The Grilled Salmon Burger was more of a crabcake type of texture. It was huge and flavorful. It had a surprising sweet flavor to it, and it was served on a semi-toasted brioche bun. Perfection! The Buffalo Cauliflower was sooo fabulously Delicious!!! Probably the best I've ever tasted! It's definitely a must try! The Service was good. And the outdoor seating ambience and decor was very nice. It's Definitely a Philly city vibe.
We booked a large party, a table of 13 and a table of 5 for Easter Sunday. I would like to address the main grievance regarding the large table of 13 - and that was the lack of service. We waited an hour for our food, while other tables that were sat AFTER us received their food. Being a part of the restaurant business in the past, there were small children in our group, and the general rule should be that the children get fed first.  In addition, the second table for 5 already received their check and paid once the food came out. I understand that the restaurant was busy, but there needs to be more organization with larger parties. With that said, my mother and I ordered the prix fixe menu, the chicken and waffles, and we sampled the fried smelt. 

Food Review: 

Spicy Bloody Mary - The drink was delicious! Spicy, flavorful, and they didn't skimp on the alcohol. 

Fried Smelt - Tiny portion, but perfectly fried with a flavorful remoulade sauce 

Deviled Egg Salad - Delicious dressing with butter lettuce, radishes and two deviled eggs. 

Crab Benedict - the mustard greens were a delicious pairing with the crab cake and the hollandaise sauce. 

Chicken and Waffles - This was a piece of breaded chicken sandwiched between two Belgian waffle halves, drizzled with maple syrup. The waffles were airy, fluffy and crisp, and the chicken was flavorful, but a bit soggy. 

Strawberry shortcake - the shortbread biscuit was dry, I would not order this again. 

I would probably try the brunch again, with a smaller crowd, but we left disappointed with the disorganization.
These seafood devours come all the way from the infamous brunch spot @bookers.westphilly ! This black owner establishment gave more that i thought they would give! The courtesy and attentiveness was amazing. I arrived a hr before any food could be served and they kept my ginger ale full and gave me some peeled potato chips with old bay on them that were so good. The vibe and aesthetics really gave off a very fall soul vibe with updated alternative R&B music. While here i ordered the mango salmon with garlic string beans and garlic mash potatoes. The fools was absolutely delicious. The salmon was very fres; the string beans were fresh and crunchy; and the mash were so flavorful . If your ever in west philly on Baltimore ave please check out my folks over at @bookers.westphilly smh aww man they gonna get tired of me cause the happy hour menu is pretty dope too! Lol  tell them shimmydevours sent you! #food #foodporn #foodie #foodphotography #philly #philadelphia #phillysoulfoodkitchen #soulfood #goodeats #goodvibes #datenight #dateyourself #gingerale #water #full
I would say this place is very mediocre.  The service wasn't great, but not terrible.   We went for breakfast and had Eggs Benedict, but instead of poached eggs, they fried them.  Why?   How hard is it to poach eggs?  Does the chef not know how?  You can't put fried eggs on corn bread (also weird), with like 1/2 teaspoon of hollandaise and call it Eggs Benedict.  I wouldn't go here again.
I met up with a friend here.  We sat outside and it was a nice breeze.  Unfortunately that didn't help keep the food warm.  We started with calamari, which was really tasty.  I had the fried chicken w/ mashed potatoes and collards.  I didn't care for the collards, but the chicken and mashed potatoes were good.  The strawberry daiquiri was really good as well.  Overall, it was a nice vibe and I would return, but hopefully not sit outside.
Pretty cool spot. Love the outdoor seating. The flowy curtains give me a Caribbean vibe. I couldn't get enough of the Buffalo cauliflower!! My friends and I loved all our food and the drinks were spot on!!
Sunday brunch in Philly and wanted to try Booker's. They have vegan choices so it's right up my alley. Found street parking a few doors up and walked in. The hostess stand and further back in the restaurant. When I approach the hostess there were employees sitting at the bar area and a man from the kitchen was having a conversation about not serving dinner items cause it's brunch. The conversation should have taken place in the back of the restaurant away from the front where customers enter.

Was asked if we had reservations which we didn't. The restaurant was basically empty with the exception of 2 tables occupied. We didn't like our first seats and asked about another table but was told it was reserved. We asked for another table and was told ok. That not good customer service. The hostess should of provided options. 

Received a pitcher of water. Then the waitress Shay took our order. She was very nice and asked the kitchen to add more spice to my tofu scramble. My friend ordered fish and grits with a English muffin for an extra $2.

Shay also told us about Brunch specials not on the menu. 

The food was good and the servicing size is in line with the price. I really enjoyed the food. It can put quick too. 

Areas of Opportunity: table was not wiped off/down, hair was on plate that silverware was served on, had to ask 2x for coffee, hostess is not very inviting. 

They have jazz every Wednesday night from 6-9. 

I will most definitely come back.
I came here on a beautiful November Sunday to celebrate my friend's birthday and we had a great time!

Though this location is a nice size (not too small, not super large). They do offer outdoor seating which is decorated really nicely. I would say it's not great for large groups. It was 10 of us and we had to be broken up in two groups. My friend was told this prior to booking by the staff so we were prepared. Just a heads up if you're thinking about doing the same, there's no guarantee you'll sit together. I really appreciate the staff because they were able to sit us next to each other, we just had to wait an additional 10 minutes after our reservation time.

Now to the food and drinks! SOOOO GOOD! Those Sweet Thai Chilli Wings, My GOD! I'm a STC wing connoisseur and these are definitely some of the best in the city. I had the veggie omlete which was very tasty. I didn't love the grits because they don't use cheddar cheese so maybe I'll ask next time.

The sunset and mango mimosa were SO tasty- I'm thinking about coming back next weekend. I'm trying the chicken, shrimp and waffles next.
This is a great spot to come to if you are looking for a bite to eat or a drink in the West Philly area. I had the fish and chips for dinner. The fish was fried wonderfully. 

Personally, I prefer the Brunch over the dinner. Nothing against the dinner menu, however the Brunch is really where this location shines. I wish I could have the chicken and waffles for dinner. Nonetheless, a good spot to come to if you want to catch up with someone over drinks and a meal.
I'm so glad my first brunch *almost* post Ramadan was here at Bookers. It was the perfect Saturday at noon with nice warm weather when we strolled in. We were seated right away and the outdoor area was decorated with flowers and draping. It was absolutely beautiful. We got mimosas and the Nashville hot chicken sliders to start and they were so flavorful and juicy. For our main entree we did the steak and eggs as well as chicken and waffles. The steak was cooked to perfection with a nice steak sauce on top. It came with eggs, potato hash and onion rings which was a nice touch. The chicken and waffles so super yummy as well. My only complaint would be that the plate it's serve on is curved at the top and it makes it hard to eat. Overall, the experience was wonderful and I look forward to many more brunches there.
I've been to Booker's a few times prior to the pandemic for HH, and it was fine. I decided to give their full menu a try since they are only a few blocks away. I ordered the blackened catfish which came with greens and mashed potatoes, to go. I'm pretty sure I have high blood pressure now because the fish was EXTREMELY SALTY! I couldn't even eat it. However, the sides were unseasoned, so I guess it all balanced out. I also ordered the cornbread and it was burnt and inedible on the bottom. I wouldn't go back for their full menu nor would I ever recommend it. Do better!!!
Booker's earns points for its relaxed, yet classy vibe and location. Would return for happy hour or for live music in the space next door when it's warmer. My salmon dish was nothing to write home about. The lemon cake I got for dessert was delicious. However, it was a pretty small slice for $9.
I visited Bookers with two of my good friends for brunch and boy was it a ish-show!! Sad because the food isn't bad, but the service is the absolute worst. My favorite thing was the cornbread with the strawberry butter; I had the breakfast burrito for my main course which was full of egg shells smh this turned me completely off because it was as if the chef didn't care as multiple plates came delivered to our table with the same issue. Our server, Shay, was rude, communicated poorly and pretty much gave us her behind to kiss. Our mimosas took over 30 minutes to hit the table, so we canceled the mimosas when they then offered them to us for free and later tried to charge us for them--NUTS!!Looks like I won't be having anymore of that delicious cornbread because I will never be returning here again.
It took approximately 35 minutes to get my vegan jambalaya and cornbread. I watched people come after me and get served before me. It turns out there was a mix up in the back. Either way, I wouldn't have been served if it wasn't for the bartender, Rita. She realized I had to been served, told them and immediately afterwards my meal came out. 
She's really good at her job. That's the only reason I'm giving this place a 4. People were calling her name left and right and she never looked stressed or angry and she was quick. Even as some guy was awkwardly trying to hit on her, she was professional and respectful. She deserves a raise. 
As for my food, the jambalaya was alright. The bell peppers were huge and they were barely sauteed. It was like they threw them in the pan and then took them out 60 seconds later. Personally, not my preference. The cornbread was delicious. I will be getting an order to take home and the drinks were delicious as well. 
The establishment is lively and beautiful and attracts all kinds of people which I like. I might be back...  might.
This establishment is a gem. Great Food, Wonderful Service, Quaint, Intimate Atmosphere...great for happy hour, family time and date night. Check it out!!!
Most important for me- food was delicious, I wish I took a picture of my plate but I devoured it. The waitress was very nice and I enjoyed the overall ambiance. Will be back for more.
Was super disappointed last night by the service at Booker's. It's been nosediving over the past year, but I thought they might get it together. The past two times I've been there, I've experienced a lack of communication about menu changes, and the service is exorbitantly slow. 

Last night, my partner and I went out for a celebratory dinner. The food is usually awesome despite the aforementioned problems, and we wanted to give this place another chance. Unfortunately, it took 15 minutes before we were served any water, and we had to flag someone down to take our order. We're both vegetarians, so we asked for the veggie burgers, a couple of appetizers, and a cocktail/wine for each of us.

30 WHOLE MINUTES LATER, we still had not received our drinks or appetizers. Both of use were patient and trying to find a silver lining because we really want this place to succeed, but we were then told that the kitchen had run out of veggie burgers! I can't tell if the server or kitchen knew all along or were just late in telling us, but either way, it was unacceptable and super disappointing. We left promptly with nothing ever arriving to our table, except water. 

I loved everything about Bookers' vibe, decor, and food (when I was at least able to try it!), but I don't think I can give this place my patronage until I hear that service is better or their menu has changed with more veggie options. It's just kind of a shame, sadly.
I am absolutely pleased with this place. Me and a friend of mine went here a few weeks ago & I loved it. The atmosphere is nice, the food was great. Excellent customer service. Nice crowd. Adult setting but seems to be kid friendly as well.  it!
Wow! I walked in, crowded. That's a good sign, maybe because it's St. Patrick's day. I Approached a hostess and asked " is there any seating elsewhere because I see the bar and the dining area is crowded." She walked me to the bar, found me a spot/place, no seat though, but I was alright with that. I flagged the bartender then placed a drink order and it came right away. Then another patron came in, walked up to the bar next to me and before he could say a word out of his mouth, Matt, the bartender asked him "will you be staying at the bar, do you need a chair?" I Found that strange since I was standing next to that patron. The patron stated that he was waiting for guest, but he wouldn't mind a chair. I was a little bothered by that. A short time after the same hostess, who's name begins with an "H" approached me and mentioned to me that a chair was available and she would bring it over if I would like. I said "yes" and she did. I told her that " I came to get a meal and check out the vibe, but I don't think I will now, I will finish my double shot of Bookers Bourbon and Stella then leave because of what transpired with Matt." The hostess greeted entering patrons, seated them and after awhile returned and asked me " how was everything?" I expressed myself and she said " I'm sorry you aren't satisfied." She excused herself and walked away returning with the manager. I expressed myself to him and he listened. I finished my drinks then exited.
 After leaving I came across two friends whom I haven't seen in a while; they where at the ATM. I told them about my experience and how dissatisfied I was but suggested that we have a drink since it's been awhile seeing each other and also observe Matt, so that they could tell me if what I assumed about my service was genuine or if I was making "something out of nothing." The place was now less crowded. We got seats at the bar and Andrew (Go NAVY) who served us, was the best; I mean he attended as needed and was very very polite. Unlike Matthew, who served me on my first visit. Andrew was so pleasant that I decided to spend more money, starting a tab for my friends and I and ordering the fish meal which I initially wanted to order on my first visit. Without the " Matt" experience I had an overall great time and the fish meal was very appetizing as well as satisfying. Thank you for the experience: Andrew; "H" and the MANAGER! I moved from a two(2) to a five(5)  star rating. I will go there again. I will refer friends. I will just tell them to avoid Matt.
Loved the ambiance and the food. I would describe the food as modern southern with a creole flare. They had vegetarian and vegan options and were willing to make changes to the dish. They are open for dinner in the week and offer brunch on weekends and plan to return to try out brunch.
This exact time last year I went to Bookers after running the rock roll half marathon and had a great time so we figured, if ain't broke don't fix it. It's broken. We get to Booker's and some things on the menu have changed but that's ok because I know this place isn't going to let me down. It did. The hostess places the menu in front of me and I immediately spy fried catfish, which I love. Basically, I love a good piece of fried fish, save your judgment. Lol we pick out our items and the waitress comes over and she fills our water glasses, then takes our glasses away to get ice. It would be more efficient to just bring glasses of ice water but whatever. We start asking about appetizers and she takes the menu and says, you can't order from that side, only the brunch side. I look and that side has no catfish and the other side has nothing to indicate it's a lunch or dinner menu. It was 1:35 on Sunday so I ask if the might make an exception, no. So I suck it up because I will be happy as long as my cousin is happy. She only wanted and egg white omelette. It's a brunch menu so they have plenty of omelettes, all we need is for them to make it with egg whites. The waitress goes in the back and they said no!!! I'm like. What breakfast or brunch place doesn't have an egg white option. I was over it. I live in dc and was only here for a race but I felt like We should have something we wanted. Oh and they were out of shrimp and grits too. I had to break up with Booker's. It's a cute place but the menu is limited and places like that are a dime a dozen in dc. I smacked on my post race snacks and went home. I should have gone to warm daddy's. They had fried cat fish and were closer.
Went here for black restaurant week for dinner. Was seated right away at a nice table outside. ordered drinks which were off.  asked for vodka with a lime and instead was given what tasted like a little bit of vodka with a full cup of lime juice. We then decided to order off of the prefix menu three courses salad, entrée, dessert. We also decided to add an additional appetizer. To our surprise our entrées arrived first. The waitress said 'oh your soup isn't ready and your other app is it ready but they told me to bring you these entrées anyway.' 

Additionally the side my entrée was supposed to come with was polenta instead it was swapped out for mashed potatoes. When we asked she just said 'oh didn't realize we just ran out weeks ago.' Yet we ordered off the restaurant week menu which was just this week?

So we're eating our entrées reluctantly, when my salad comes and the waitress seems to be trying to talk my boyfriend out of the soup he had already ordered first saying that it still wasn't ready and did He still want it. We said yes and kept trying to eat. Then the other appetizer, mussels, came out with some very burnt stale bread. Finally my boyfriends soup comes out. It was chicken gumbo. However it was very cold and the rice was so hard in the soup. We were baffled at the fact that for a prefix menu they were just not ready to deliver food in the way that it was ordered. We waited for another drink and that took forever but they finally got it right. we left most of our food on the plate as it was either overcooked cold and or just didn't want to eat my salad after my entrée. That brings us to dessert. We ordered bread pudding because they were basically out of everything else. It was also very cold, dry and burnt on the bottom. We took a few bites but it just wasn't good. The check comes and gratuity is already added so there's no surprise that the waitress just didn't seem to care about anything. 
very disappointed and will never be going back.
The hostess was very nice and helpful.  She got us sat right away and recommended 2 apps that were enjoyable.  A food runner came by and offered us a complimentary appetizer of the cheese curds while sitting at the bar!  We were very happy to receive that.  I assume it was to thank us for our patience we were about to exercise.  Although very kind, the bar tender was so in the weeds with service tickets all night that she was near non -existent to our needs.  We would've ordered more beers and we would've enjoyed our meals more if she had just checked on us more often and most importantly, shortly after the food arrived.  My buddy needed some hot sauce and had to get up and ask another employee for it after trying to get the bartenders attention for over 5 minutes.  He had the fried chicken which was tasty and good portion.  The issue was that it was large pieces of breast meat and no bones (like huge chicken tenders almost).  The dark meat and the bones are a must for good fried chicken in my opinion.  Breast is the least tasty, but the meatiest.  I had the oxtail, which had great flavor!  The rice was especially good.  The issue was that about half of the meat was inedible.  It was such tough, grisly, fatty pieces that I simply could not even rip the meat off the bone to chew it.  That was a miss, because the pieces I was able to eat were really good.
The bathroom was decently clean except there was no way to dry my hands.  It happens.  I let an employee know and they helped get me some paper towels and likely took care of restocking.

The free app was much appreciated.  The bar tender needs to pay attention to her dinner guests.  They are her biggest check averages of the night, and should be her biggest tips.  I was hesitant to give 20%, but in these times every restaurant employee deserves AT LEAST that.  I would go back, but probably get a table next time.

The entire staff was friendly and worked as a team.  Pretty good spot in a cool neighborhood of west Philly.
Cozy venue. Great & friendly staff. Good food. Nice variety of food on tHe menu. Something for everyone. Kid friendly. Family friendly. Great for date night or girls night out. Great happy hour drinks!!
One of the BEST BLACK OWNED BUSINESSES  in West Philly babyyyyyyyy!!! I Always catch a vibe here. I always feel like I'm munching on food made by grandma angels in heaven. There's also a wine garden next door that meets are your bad & boujee needsLOVE. THIS. ESTABLISHMENT.
I'm psyched to see another new restaurant come to Booker's, and my boyfriend and I really enjoyed our first visit a few weeks back.

It was one of the super hot days in early May, and the A/C wasn't on/working - so it was VERY warm in the restaurant.

Despite all of that, we loved our food. We decided to order a few smaller items and share everything. We ordered:
- Deviled Eggs
- Crispy Mozzarella Cheese Curds
- Brisket Biscuit
- Buffalo Cauliflower
- Crab Cake Salad

Our favorites were the Cheese Curds, Buffalo Cauliflower and the Crab Cake salad (but everything was really really good.) The Buffalo Cauliflower gets a lot of praise, and it's totally worth it. 

The Brisket Biscuit was great, too - but a little heavy and maybe a tad on the dry side?

Service was great. Our server was incredibly personable, friendly, chatty, and happy to joke with us and make recommendations. The entire staff was so welcoming and i hope Bookers continues to be busy!
We had a great time and the food was as good as it looked. We went for a birthday brunch and there were 5 of us. I had the blueberry French toast  with the turkey sausage. I also had the mango mimosa, on which I do have to agree with another review regarding lack of flavor. One member of my party is doing Keto and ordered the buffalo cauliflower , steak, eggs and potatoes which she did not eat the rest of us tasted and they were GOOD!!! Two of my guests had the shrimp and grits and enjoyed that. The last person had the burger and fries and didn't eat the burger until the next day and STILL said that it was good. Lastly, the owner came out and took a picture with us  It was a good choice for my birthday brunch!
We really enjoyed dinner at Booker's.

The complimentary chips with truffled cream dip was tasty.

Here's a food summary (I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars):

****^ Pan-seared trout was great
****Brussels sprouts casserole was great, tasty, creamy
***^ Deviled eggs were good, creamy
***^ Crab cake salad: crab cakes were flavourful with crab, salad was fresh and well-dressed
***^ Meatloaf with mac & cheese: tasty and well-textured
**^ Cheese curds were okay but not especially tasty or to my liking

Service was great, friendly and helpful.

The live jazz was a nice bonus, though it got a little too loud to hold a conversation over dinner.
I've been here twice for brunch. The first time on a sunny day, and I got a seat next to the glass window/doors that were open that day. The waffles and chicken and also the coffee were good. I had a pretty good time, and they tended to play lots of 80s music, and so I looked forward to coming back. The second time the day was not as warm and so the glass doors closed, and the restaurant a little more busy, with the front area especially loud. The waffles and chicken still good, but it was actually too loud to enjoy my meal. When walking out I saw that the back area was much quieter and so if I return, if busy, I'll try to find a table in the back area. Most likely, though, I'll return in summer, on a day when I can sit inside but still be outside.
Wow, let's just start off by saying that I will be back and this is most definitely our new local date night spot! 

I saw that Bookers was opening in the neighborhood, and I love supporting the community. The website is still down, so I was unable to peer at the menu before our arrival concerned about our dietary restrictions but everything was totally fine but I do hope they'll put up their website soon!

Service was phenomenal. Our server/bartender was always on top of our drinks/ water as was the other server. Everyone was pleasant, seemed happy to be there ( to work) and happy to service us -- the vibes and ambiance were very positive and great. I loved seeing the eclectic mix of people in the restaurant, something that I've always loved about West Philly -- bringing the community together through the love of food, I love it. 

Drink wise -- good selection of beers but I totally wish they had a draft.. that might bump up to 5 stars maybe they're in the midst of installing? 

Food -- 5 stars for taste, presentation, and value for price paid, no complaints. We started off with the mussels for appetizer -- served with bread for dipping, mussels looked well cleaned, well seasoned and not overcooked, up to par with the popular mussel places in Philly. Second, I had the trout over purple potatoes and my partner had the salmon. Both fish were cooked perfectly, not too dry and well seasoned. My partner even ate the fish skin off of the trout which he rarely does, well done! The quality was great for the price we paid, I thought the prices were most definitely fair and reasonable and I'd be glad to come back. 

If I had room for dessert, I would have. Next time.. no appetizer, room for dessert, noted! Thanks Bookers for opening up a place local to us, keep up the service, reasonable prices and quality of food and you'll be sure to be everyone's neighborhood fave!
Came here to celebrate my hubby's bday and was glad that I chose this place! It was both our first time and we were pleased from start to finish.

I called to see if reservations were required and was glad that I did because they are recommended - thanks Naomi (wink)! When we arrived, we were seated right away... The ambiance of the restaurant was sophisticated with relaxing vibes. There was a bar when we first walked in with table seating as well as a separate room with table seating only. 

Our waitress came to the table immediately after we were seated to take our orders. I ordered Lobster Bisque (starter), Blackened Catfish with Sweet Potatoes and Collard Greens cooked with Turkey meat; my hubby ordered Seafood Mac 'n Cheese (starter) and Country Fried Chicken with the same sides... Our food was delightful but I must say that I was very impressed with the Seafood Mac 'n Cheese! There was actually small chunks of Seafood in it and it was sooo creamy and cheesy (yummy)! I almost forgot, we ordered cornbread also which was very good - I just wish the butter served with it was a tad softer so that it could spread more easily... We weren't able to finish our dinner so we did not order dessert :-/ Also, the food  came out fairly quick and was reasonably priced. 

From the atmosphere, to the decor, to the service, to the cleanliness, and the food - I can truly say that I had a great experience and look forward to returning!
Server was super accommodating because it started to drizzle & she moved us a couple times, then it poured raining...and they allowed us to step inside for a few moments until the rain stopped. My drink was excellent...just the right amount of liquor to juice ratio! Food was really good. I got the Spicy Mango Salmon. Only slight issue I had was that the bread pudding was burned but they immediately fixed it by swapping it for tiramisu. I'll definitely be back!
Went to Booker's with a large group (8). The restaurant is located in a gentrified area- safe with easy parking. Overall, we had a fantastic experience and would absolutely return. 

The service both at the bar and during our dining experience was great. The cocktails are reasonably priced and the happy hour menu has a nice selection of small bites that are priced accordingly. 

Once seated, for appetizers, we had wings, crab cake sliders, Brussels spouts and buffalo cauliflower. Our main entrees were very enjoyable. We all had some type of fish-salmon, trout or cat fish. They were all delicious. I wish this establishment much success.
My husband, daughter, and I had just finished up at the Philly zoo and googled some places to eat at that had outdoor dining. We chose this location based on that and the menu. I have several dietary restrictions, plus we needed something that would cater to kids. The food was absolutely amazing and the staff and service friendly and accommodating. While we got basics such as turkey and regular burgers and chicken fingers, everything was super delicious! The chips they gave to the table were so good and I wanted to bottle the aioli I got with my burger. Outdoor and indoor atmosphere was really well done. Highly recommend plus they are a black owned local business, which we super happy to support!
Yummy, what a hidden gem. We were visiting from California and were staying just across the street during our recent visit to Philly. I yelped options in the area and Bookers seemed like a no-brainer. The service was nice, the food was good, and the prices were reasonable. 

The three of us within our party decided to grab a few dishes and try a little bit of everything. We had the waffle and chicken, a salad, and the mac n' cheese which was the star of the night.
So glad I decided to try this restaurant! This restaurant has so many food options. I decided to try the Thai wings, cornbread, and blackened catfish. All the food was very tasty, seasoned, and great portion size. The service was a little slow but the restaurant seemed packed. I would recommend this restaurant. And for sure will be back to try the peach cobbler.
I had brunch at Booker's a few Sundays ago with a group of four. It was busy at first, so we waited at the bar where we were immediately helped by the friendly bartender, who offered us some of the house-made "corn nuts." I was starving, so these hit the spot while we waited. We waited a long time for our food, but it didn't bother me much. The staff were great, as was the food. I ordered a salad and mussels. The butter pan-fried bread that came with the mussels was a bit too heavy for me to finish, but so good. Despite the long wait for our food, I'd definitely recommend checking out Booker's for brunch.
Our local go-to for good beer and burger at the bar, or a cocktail and dinner in the dining room.  Food reliable, fun menu changes, very reasonably priced.   Interesting and updated without being precious or contrived.  Just plain good!   Sometimes specials a bit too spicy, but they'll fix it.   Always a warm welcome.   Outside tables in warm weather are like a neighborhood fair - lots of lively chatter and clinking glasses and a rainbow of types of people, just like West Philadelphia!
Saturday's usually set aside to take my wife out for breakfast and will usually double down as our weekly date, and we have always been safe when it came to breakfast, however we decided to take a chance with something different this time and I'm so glad we did. Let's start with the host and front end staff, seating was very fast,  Billy the host was extremely friendly, courteous and accommodating, Siobhah (shew- ban) our waitress was incredible and although had only been on the job a few weeks, knew her stuff, and her recommendation of the shrimp and grits was right on. And to top it all off, Jeremy the manager brought out our meal to our table, truly a breathtaking  and an awesome experience. I've always love my grits and have been trying for years to get my wife to like it, Booker`s just sold her on it. Thanks Booker`s and your entire staff.
My husband and I finally decided to try this restaurant since we live in the area. I had chicken and waffles, my husband had blackened catfish with mashed potatoes and collard greens. My chicken was just ok, a little dry. It probably would have been better had that used thigh meat. The waffle was good. My husband thoroughly enjoyed his meal. The chips and dip they bring to the table were addictive! Oh so salty, but couldn't stop eating them! The service was attentive. Oh, and by the way, get the buffalo cauliflower... you'll be glad you did!.
I was hesitant to go to Booker's because I figured it would be populated by the insufferable breed of hipsters that overrun West Philly.  Much to my surprise, I saw not a single hipster at Booker's!  It took a little while to be seated because there wasn't a clear host and it seemed like the bartender was functioning as bartender, waiter, and host.  He was very nice but a big problem throughout the meal was that they seemed to be really understaffed.  We must have waited an hour for an omelette and home fries.  They did bring out the buffalo cauliflower right away and it was incredibleeeee.  So cripsy and perfect sauce flavor.  The omelette and home fries were good, too.   Overall I enjoyed the food but service left a lot to be desired.  The waiter was nice but seemed overburdened with responsibility.  Maybe this was a one off.  I'll definitely go back sometime and see if they do better next time.
My whole fam loves this place. I would just go to get hugs from Jeremy but its an added bonus that the food is fantastic and the drinks are well-crafted.  The happy hour specials are shockingly good with small food plates at a discounted rate as well so you can go and drink 3 drinks and have 2 small plates for $20 (not including generous tip that you need to leave). We went for breakfast just recently and they actually impressed my mother (she asks for RUNNY eggs for chris'sakes, ew, and the server or cook realized the eggs were NOT runny so made another batch and gave them to us both) so that is some sort of miracle. Great place, glad its in my neighborhood, perfect median between classy and affordable yet exudes homey comfort from the decor and friendly staff.

My daughter Cat: SO GOOD! I really like the buttermilk pancakes. they were SO good! This is my favorite place!
Service was great and so was the ambience. A perfect spot for a date in West Philly. Every girl could feel the love with the design and decor. A little pricey for the quality. My son had the waffle and chicken -$18 (tasty) my friend on the other hand had a burger (dry) $15. Once again the ambience and service was great!
Dreadful operations do no justice to the amazing food. Air con was not working: inside temp was in the 80s. We had to wait 30 mins for our drinks, but the management did comp them. Our server clearly had no training, and we had to wait too long for all courses. We want to return for the incredible food but wouldn't do so any time soon without evidence of operational improvement.
I met up with a few coworkers on a Saturday and we went here. I have been trying to make it back since!
I really liked the place and thought the food was excellent. They even let my one coworker bring his bike in out of the rain. Mind you it was a folding bike. 
So I hope to make it back and add more details to my review. In the meantime try and get there yourself! No self important yelp review will make your life complete!
UPDATE 8/20/2017 somethings should remain traditional such as chipped creamed beef. Creamed implies milk or CREAM! Here it's served in a 'brown' gravy tried it sorry this is wrong on so many levels! Something's you just can't serve with a 'twist. Now to the home fries they arrived cubed, hard(undercooked) and cold. 

ORIGINAL REVIEW! With time on my hands on the way home from a concert I decided to make use of the Yelp APP to fine a bite to eat. Bookers was open and on a major street. Upon arrival I was greeted and seated promptly. The server offered several seating options, after choosing the open door/window  seat he immediately went over the dinner specials and some popular menu items. 

To start I ordered for a glass of Prosecco, initially he didn't believe the specific item I asked for was available. It was, however it was flat but I drank it anyway! Shortly after my drink arrived I was served 'homemade' potato chips cooked in truffle oil it came with a sour cream and onion dipping mixture. The chips were so good I asked for some to go. The two finicky eaters in the house loved them as well. One stated 'these are the best homemade chips I've ever tasted'. Back to my meal.  For my appetizer I ordered the deviled eggs, the filling was not as stiff as I prefer, they also were not runny which was fine because the flavor was exceptional. Finally I had the most delicious pan seared Trout with I believe fingerling potatoes (not sure of the type)and string beans. The meals are moderately priced which matches the portion.

This place has it all for the hipsters to the mature crowd. The seating options: outdoor, bar, main dining area and large open window/door view. The service and food is excellent. On top of that did I tell you about the live band? The music performed Tuesday 7/25/17  @9:00pm is something I wouldn't typically listen to but if it sounds good it's all good and it was. I asked about Happy Hour I was pleasantly surprised to learn its everyday 5-7. 

Bookers 5021 Baltimore Ave, Philadelphia, PA IS THE PLACE TO BE!
We came here after visiting the Please Touch Museum. We found it on Yelp and it seemed like a good option since it was 2 miles away and had good reviews online. 

Ambiance/Decor:
The restaurant has good ambiance- decor is nice and modern, but somewhat rustic.  There is a nice bar area with high top seating. Tables are wooden and glossy. The seating against the wall is missing some buttons and the soap in the bathroom was  watered down to the point that it didn't make any suds. The restaurant seemed clean. Menus were large and double sided and laminated. Kids menu were printed with a maze and a few things to color. Overall, it had a good vibe and they played good music. 

Service: 
Our waitress came over right away to get our drink orders. The kids ordered lemonade and water, I order a rosé that came bottled. She came back to let us know there was no lemonade, which the kids were sad about. She dropped off the mini bottle of rosé but forgot to bring a glass for it to be poured into for quite some time. Taking our order was admittedly not easy with one vegan and one person with a severe dairy allergy. She handled it well and was able to make some substitutions and reassured us about the safety of the food we order for the toddler with the milk allergy. 

Food:
The kids had pancakes, bacon and eggs and all seemed happy. The toddler with the milk allergy ate bacon, eggs, and French fries and he also loved his food. The adults ordered banana French toast (bananas were not ripe but French toast was good), vegan tofu scramble (which was fantastic and served with the tastiest potatoes, but was also the only true vegan option on the brunch menu), pancakes, grits, and home fries (also happy with his food). Overall, the food was good and we were happy! 

I got the impression this place was newish and may have some kinks to work out, but I think they are on the right track. Best of luck to them!
Lucky us for stumbling upon this fantastic spot! We were attending a show at the Tower Theatre and tried to find a place close by before the show!

We arrived a little late for our reservation but were still warmly welcomed. The decor is the first thing we noticed. Industrial Chic is how I would describe it. The wood floors and color accents are fantastic.

Our server was great. She explained the specials and gladly provided a list of her favorite recommendations. She was very enthusiastic about the food. We went with a few small plates and shared a burger. 

Our waitress started us off with a complementary order of the most amazing potato crisps and a white truffle sour cream. They were super crispy and salted perfectly. I could have eaten just those for dinner but we had lots of other goodies coming!

The Brussel sprout casserole is what every Brussel sprout should strive to become. Cheesy, creamy, more cheesy with some french onions on top for a crisp. This dish alone was worth the trip!

The brisket biscuits were good. The biscuits fell apart which made them fork and knife food instead of finger food. The sauce was good, I would have preferred a little more wetness but I enjoyed them! 

The cheese curds were good. They were different then cheese curds I had in the past. These were definitely fresh made and larger in size. 

The burger we shared was good, but not the most exciting part of the meal. The fries on the other hand, they were amazing! This place just knows what to do with potatoes! 

Check this place out! I'd definitely go back!
I didn't know what to expect, but I was seriously so impressed with Booker's. First, the atmosphere is lovely. A very elegant but comfortable space. Their menu has just the right amount of variety and it is priced reasonably. I had the black bean veggie burger which was so tasty. You can really tell the chef puts a lot of work into the cuisine. I was also extremely impressed with the amount of specials they had. The waitress was so kind, and made sure to let us know about everything the restaurant had to offer that evening. I will definitely be visiting again for brunch sometime very soon. So thankful for this addition to the neighborhood!
I was so excited to finally be eating at Bookers- we decided to do this on my Mom's 72nd birthday. So we went into restaurant the day before and asked whether we needed a reservation for the following day for a party of 6. They said no reservation necessary but if more than 6 people they recommend that we call ahead. We arrived on Monday eve as planned at 530pm to be met by a man who we can only presume was the Manager who very curtly ushered us out by informing us that the restaurant was closed and there was a private event that was planned way ahead in advance. We informed him that we stopped in the day before and was not alerted of this event when mentioning that we would be coming in the following day.. he said sorry and quickly shut the door behind us.. honestly that experience dulled my taste buds for them.. Booooooo!!! Very, very bad service..
I love this place!!! I've been doing happy hours all over the city since the weather finally broke and this is definitely one of my favorites!!! First the city-wide special can't be beat! It's a pint of draft beer, a shot of whiskey and fried pickles all for $6. Such a great deal! The pickles were delicious and I tried the new Hell or High Watermelon wheat ale draft and loved it. I also tried the sangria which tasted like juice (not sure if it was made really well to mask the taste of the alcohol or barely had any in it to begin with) and the house Pinot which I loved. For food we had the deviled eggs, buffalo cauliflower, meatball parm, and calamari. The calamari was not even warm, undercooked, and under-seasoned. Two other parties also at the bar didn't like it either. One couple ate it anyway. The lady next to me sent hers back with mine. They both came back hot but still tasteless and too rubbery. We just asked for it to be removed altogether. The rest of the food more than made up for it though. The meatballs were incredibly flavorful, hot and served in a bed a sauce and gooey cheese with garlic toast. They were incredible! The buffalo cauliflower was even better! It was lightly flash fried and coated in buffalo sauce served with blue cheese dressing. The texture and flavors combined perfectly to create an amazing dish. We really wanted to order another one but were too full to do so. The bartender was very friendly and helpful although not as attentive as she could have been. I will definitely be back to support this BOB.
Brunch was definitely a hit. We had chicken and waffles & beef sausage shrimp and grits. Everything was delicious!!! Cornbread was moist and the rum punch was amazing. I will definitely be back.
Went here with a few friends for happy hour and had an excellent experience! Drinks were strong, food was great and cheap, and the staff and manager were fantastic! Will be returning.
This is my third time eating at Bookers and my second time with the Michael as our wait staff. I will hands down say that the good service at Bookers makes up for the snafu food situations that you might experience. 

The service: it's been outstanding for the last two times I've been at Bookers. On both occasions, there are issues with either my food or the cocktail and Michael handed both of them with ease and professionalism. They  were very kind throughout the entire experience and made sure to be attentive even though it was a little busy; even when the restaurant was actually closing. 

The food: I got a salmon burger (Michael's recommendation) which came with fries that  were dusted with parm and herbs. The salmon burger was slamming! 10s all round for this burger! First, it's a house made patty and that's why Michael suggested it. It was seasoned to perfection, the toppings were fresh and the bun was nicely toasted. There was a very disproportionate large hot pepper garnish on top of the burger that Gordon Ramsey would disapprove of, but next time I will try it all together. 

Side note: If you are a lover of sauce like I am, get a side of the salmon slider aioli, as the burger only comes with a sweet/spicy reduction sauce. The reduction sauce was delicious but super spicy for some of my bites (no need for extra sauce here!). 

The cocktail: I got the spring garden cocktail that has gin, Campari and St. Germain. It came out in a wine glass on ice with a cherry. I will say that the cocktail had a lot to be desired, and I like gin. This isn't the first time that I had a cocktail that I wasn't wowed by here but it's no reason to knock of a star off or tank a stellar review. I will just say that this restaurant  isn't my go to for cocktails but try the wine and beer selection and of course, the food.
Had brunch on a weekday. Sat at the bar. Ordered the fried cheese curds, deviled eggs, Thai wings, hot chicken sliders, and a short stack. This meal was for me and my friend. Every dish was delicious. My favorite was the chicken sliders though don't expect them to knock your socks off heat-wise. Service was excellent. Too bad they're out in west Philly; if they were closer to Fishtown I'd be going there for breakfast often. Guess it's good for my waistline.
So I've been to the establishment several times for happy hour and dinner. As of late both the quality of the food and the service have been lacking. My last visit there, I was overcharged for several items, had to wait unreasonably long periods of time for food to come out and the service was trash. I actually ended up speaking with the owner. She was very polite and open to my criticism. She offered a 10% discount which was kool but it seems as though the staff requires some more training on basic customer service. Since it's close I'll likely go back but beware they're not always on point.
Happy Hour is cool here, atmosphere is a little but more grown than the rest of the bars/restaurants on Baltimore. I've eaten here a few time, the food is good but about $2 over priced (not sure if that makes sense). I live close by but it's never my first choice to grab dinner. Overall you should check it out.
Bookers not only has great food and drinks, but also a great outdoor seating area during COVID. The buffalo cauliflower and fried cheese curds are both fantastic appetizers (see photo of cauliflower). Bookers has a nice variety of burgers (including veggie options) and salads - though the salads are nothing special. The fries more than made up for the average salad. I highly recommend getting the garlic truffle fries with any entree, you won't regret it. The wait staff was pretty overwhelmed on the day we visited (the day the 2020 election was called) and our waitress was attentive even during the busy time. We'll be back!
Honestly very disappointed because my friends and I wanted to try this restaurant. I made a reservation for 2PM and as my group and I arrived, they apparently did not have my name down on their list. Previously the night before a staff member called to confirm the reservation. My friend asked if the confirmation was in my email and the staff member immediately said "well our kitchen is closed". So do you guys not have my reservation or do you not want to serve us because the kitchen was closing? I also stated that someone called the night previously to confirm our reservations and she repeatedly said the kitchen was closed. I did read lunch ends at 3, but if that was the case why would anyone allow reservations that late? I will not return as our first experience did not go well.
This is a great place. The food is amazing. The service was just as amazing. Our server Sharnae (sorry if I misspelled your name!) was so attentive and such a sweetheart. We had a party of four on a Saturday evening. We dined outside (during Covid) and everything was VERY safe. There were plastic partitions between tables and everyone was wearing masks. Everyone in my party tried different food and everything was delicious. They have vegan and GF options and they serve cute and delicious alcoholic drinks. I was so pleased, and happy to go out to dinner after being cooped up for so long. We chose the perfect place to get back out again.
The vibe is ecletic jazz and cool kids. This place is as much of a throwback as it is modern. I had the buffalo cauliflower to start. Surprisingly I never knew the two ingredients had that much chemistry. Next I had the pan seared trout. The sear put the perfect texture on fillet. I  washed it all down with a Lagunitas IPA. This place is on the come up. Get in before they start trending too heavy...
So I've been coming to Booker since they first open I called earlier to make reservations I was told and that are for dinner starts and there's no reservations is only outside dining first come first serve this is Father's Day I came I was greeted Asian girl which is the manager told me because I didn't have reservations she will put me on a waiting list I explain to her that I called earlier to try to make reservation I was told that brunch was booked and I didn't need any reservations at 4 which was at dinner time  it was first come first serve I arrived here a couple minutes earlier than 4 only to be turned around I had outside people from out of town who was with me  I was explaining to them that we were going to support a black owned business in the food and atmosphere was great however the Asian young lady who is the manager was very rude so we ended up leaving and going to support a white business how disappointing is that.
I recently went on a Monday for Happy Hour which is weekdays 5 to 7 p.m. HH is for bar seating only which is kind of a drag because they do have outdoor seating. But at least there is the open windows which gives the feeling of being outside. Nice atmosphere and friendly bartender. Great variety of HH specials. I had fried calamari and fried pickles. Calamari was rubbery. Pickles were tasty. I had a summer draft beer that was refreshing and light. I'll definitely go aga
The place was AMAZING! Visited today, of course the dining was outside due to Covid. The service was great, the waitress was very attentive, my food was great, mimosas delicious. An overall great experience!
This place was suggested to me for my birthday.  We wanted to book brunch but they book up fast so I suggest booking way ahead. Make dinner reservations. This place is not associated with Bookers Lounge in Camden.

Parking: Street and it was very limited

Atmosphere: Cozy & moderate noise level.

Service: The Host was very nice & helpful as well as our server. 

Food: 
1. Appetizer: buffalo cauliflower. It was ok. We would have loved if it was fried crispy.  Our server offered to take it back and have it made the way we wanted it but we decided against it. 
2. Entrees:  
     A:Jerk oxtail which. I had never gone out to eat anywhere and had this so I was soooo excited when I saw this entree on the menu. This dish was extra spicy ( nose running, eyes watering hot!) and that was ok however there was too much of a spice that overpowered the entire dish and it ruined it! I was so disappointed. The dish was served with red cabbage and saffron rice and this was all mixed together with the oxtails on the top. That was no good for me.  I do not like my food mixed together. I did not have much oxtail meat in my dish just bones. Once I made our server aware of this, she brought out a side dish with more oxtails but the meat on those bones were skimpy also. Can you say wasted dish. I saw the same dish I ordered being taken away with the plate almost full which lead me to believe the dish wasn't a hit with that patron either. 

     B: Blackened catfish with saffron rice & greens. My niece enjoyed the fish & rice but I thought it was too salty. She didn't like the greens. 

3. Cocktail: Booker's punch which had Hennessy VS, pineapple juice, fresh lime juice and cranberry. I enjoyed this!!!!!

4. Dessert: The bread of the day. It was huge and kinda dry. I would loved if it was a moist. 

Booker's also has the Bayou Lounge right next door and it is open while the restaurant is open. We decided to walk over after dinner and it was cozy cute. They had people playing electric instruments and a singer. You can order food and cocktails.  The food ordered is given in a styrofoam container and the way the chairs are setup, you won't be comfortable eating so I suggest not to order from the lounge unless you can eat it while sitting back. This lounge is a cool place to come sit chill and listen to music. 

Overall I was not pleased with my meal but the service was great. I will come back to try their brunch.
Ok So been going past this place since it opened and finally tonight going in after suggesting to coworkers a place for a meetup. Ok so we are here. Nice crowd, nice atmosphere. We decided on having separate checks. I got the Buffalo Cauliflower from the happy hour menu and it was ok. Too much breading and too damn spicy. I also order $3.00 French fries. I had 2 glasses of half full Heineken. My bill was $25 and some change. It also had $4.00 gratuity. Like I said we had separate checks. One person  who was paying for 2 had $14.00 gratuity and also a liquor tax which was yes only $.50 but still
Ok, so I'm extremely late with this review because I genuinely enjoyed my past dining experiences and was extremely disappointed in the service and the way the Manager handled it.....so here we go last month my BFF and i decided to have a girls night out on a day that celebrates couples, yes Valentine's Day! I suggested Bookers, it's close, I loved the food and ambiance, so she agreed and so there we sat, anxiously excited about partaking in the 5 course pair menu. Sadly, we waited an absorbent amount of time between courses, but per usual the food was good, so we just sipped on our Prosecco cocktails through our frustration while we waited for the next course and Prosecco cocktail. However, for the entree course, the wait was so long, and it had been such a long day, we decided to take the entree and dessert to go...our waitress was very apologetic and kept profusely apologizing to us. We got our to go containers, paid our check, we each got home and to my horror the food looked like someone threw it inside the containers and my GF's food, well it wasn't much better. I called the restaurant and spoke with the manager who confirmed I was shorted one of my lamb chops and our wait was too long in between courses, he apologized and offered to make it up to us, even provided me with his cell phone number and said he'd follow up with me, he has yet to do that. I even texted him the pictures of our contents of our containers. Sadly, I have not been back, it was the worst experience I've had and my poor GF, who I've boasted about this restaurant too, was mortified, Bookers made a liar out of me!!!
