I'm trying to think of an appropriate way to describe my feelings about Bottle Bar without sounding nutty. But, well...It's like this: I LOVE Bottle Bar. 

Like, a lot. Like, if I'm in Fishtown, I stop in without fail. But also, I'm not in Fishtown that often so that's overall a general positive for my liver, wallet and refrigerator space.

Their selection is immense and overwhelming. I always feel like I'm in a hoppy library when I visit. And let's not forget their bar section in the back. You're sure to find something fantastic pouring at any given time.

That's basically all I have to say. Will be back.

[OH HEY, REVIEW 700!]
Wow! When you come in for beer you are blown away so be prepared to try their food. Amazing! There are just too many good things going here - amazing food, great drafts, and great bottles of beer for consumption on-site and take out. On a recent Sunday, my fiancé and I ventured out to Fishtown for a beer and lunch. We were able to grab a table near the bar and the tv's which was a huge plus for him. The tables are self-seat (I asked). 

On Sundays they have half off grilled cheese so I went with the brisket and mushroom! Wow! Amazing! Gooey! Crunchy! Meaty! Perfection! My fiancé being a junkie for tacos went with the pork and pineapple tacos typically known as Tacos Al Pastor. I stole a bite and the sauce was too sweet and lacked any heat which is why tacos al pastor is such a hit. After he stole a huge bite of my grilled cheese he ordered one for himself and finished it! It was just that good!

Another reason for my return was to purchase more bottles of the Hardywood Gingerbread Stout (I was able to buy 2 more!) and they even had a few already chilled so we shared one during our meal. Yes, the concept of having numerous options of bottled beers is amazing but it is not to outshine their food, especially their grilled cheese!
Great staff. Great beer selection. At a reasonable price. I have not eaten there yet but the food seemed as moderately priced as the beer - and I was pleasantly surprised to see the great cheese plate selections. Mmmm beer and cheese, at the end of my block. Good bye diet.

DO NOT BOTHER VISITING FOODERY EVER AGAIN.
Overpriced. Bought an 8 dollar German beer here (I had a craving), and it was flat and skunky.  When they first opened, the prices were reasonable and the owner seemed like he really wanted to differentiate his business from places like the Foodery. Sadly, months later they are basically the same as far as the price gouging goes. Hardly anything under $4 a bottle. Everybody is so impressed by the selection....wow! they have everything! No, they don't. They have all the usual suspects as far as craft beer in Philly is concerned, and charge just about as much, if not more, than area bars. Just came back from a trip from Boston where the cost of living is double what it is in Philadelphia. The beer? Almost half of what we pay. On the way home in Connecticut? Even cheaper. NYC? Not even close...way cheaper.  New Jersey? We all know how that goes. Philly??? Ass raping.
Ok, Im done. I went back once more to pick up a few bottles. I maybe expected a "Need any help" as I stared looking at the selection, but the cashier was busy on his phone. 

So, I found the beers I wanted and went to check out. Guy was still on his phone. Maybe he didnt see me? So I put my bottles on the counter......still nothing. He knew I was standing there. He wasnt even finishing up a text message. He was writing a whole damn story. So I waited....and waited....and waited some more. He finally looked up and started to cash me out.

The CC receipt printed out with a field for a tip. I left it blank. He looked at it and said "heh, thanks. Really appreciate it".  

Foodery is only a few blocks away. I'll continue to go there.
Why 5  stars? The answer is easy, Pennsylvania liquor laws. Due to the fact that finding a good ol' fashioned 'six pack' is next to impossible this place automatically gets a better than "C" average. But, once you factor in the simple yet elegant charcuterie menu coupled with a minimalists approach to the Fishtown-warehouse aesthetic, you're an intoxicated winner.

I can buy a couple bottles & a tall boy of PBR at 1 a.m. & put on a card! yes, please...
Awesome Place!! Bill the bartender knows everything about beers and Bill the cook...OMG makes the best soups ever!!! Bartenders Giovanna and Britt are so nice, always a pleasure talking to! Just awesome staff all around!!
Solid pub fare that includes some Asian inspiration as well. Their wings were perfectly seasoned, brussel sprouts were tasty and just the right amount of crisp and you can never mess up a mac+cheese. Their ample selection of beers is a tribute to their name and the quirky bottle decor makes the place unique and fun. I would definitely come back!!
I really didn't have a very good experience here. While they do have a huge selection of single bottle beers and a nice bar in the back that's where it ended for me. 

I really just needed two bottles to use in a recipe (beer chocolate toffee) so I ran in here to get what I needed. As I walked in the cashier didn't even look up from his phone as I walked in. I was clearly having difficulty finding what I was looking for and was never offered help. Once I found what I needed I had to wait while the aforementioned cashier broke down a cardboard box before he came back to the counter to cash me out.  To put this in context I was the only one in the refrigerator area.  So it was a big old zero for customer service.

The beers are ridiculously overpriced. $3.50 for a PBC bottle?  There is a place in NJ that sells single bottles too at less than half the prices this place sells them for. 

It might be cool to buy a few and sit at the bar but if you are looking to take them home you are being ripped off.
Picture walking down the street with your dog Toto and seeing an F5 (EF5 on the Enhanced Fujita scale) tornado spooling up in front of you, whisking you and your yappy friend away to the magical land of any of the ~40 US states that permits the sale of alcohol in grocery stores. You marvel at the novelty of such an idea, being able to stroll endless aisles of IPAs and stouts and sours, choosing from the best selection you've ever seen. Then you wake up back in your bed in Pennsylvania, and realize that not only was it a dream, but it's Sunday, you overslept, and so it's even harder to get beer. You win this round, Oz. 

Luckily for you, there is a place that will allow you this feeling of unfettered freedom, the feeling to walk through a dizzying array of beers in refrigerators and select the one that speaks to you (hopefully not literally). You can then take this perfect, reasonably priced beer back to a table and have a very pleasant server open it for you. 

I think there is something to be said for the tactility of picking out your own beer from a case, vs. ordering off of a menu. Sometimes browsing the physical bottles will get you to try beers you wouldn't otherwise order off the menu. I'm a big fan of places like BBE and Hawthorne's that allow you to do this. 

And so, until someone drops a house on the PLCB, BBE is here to fulfill all of your beer needs.
I always come here for take out beers, and the convenience is great. Yesterday I tried the food for the first time. The $10 lunch special is awesome- you can grab a sandwich and a pint. I ordered the chicken salad sandwich and really enjoyed it. The cranberries and alfalfa sprouts were a nice touch. My dining partner ordered the Philly Cubano which was amazing- when I go back I'm definitely ordering that. The bacon really elevated the sandwich.

Dare: Mix-your-own 6 pack before you leave and include a Habanero Sculpin Ballast Point. SO spicy yet I ended up drinking the whole bottle.
Fishtown was lacking a walk-in place where you could buy good craft beer in smaller quantities, like so many of the corner pizza places from my former neighborhood on the border of U City. You can mix and match to create your own 6-pack. If you're looking for good quality, friendly service and a cool atmosphere, this is the place. It even has a bar and kitchen so you can chill out for a bit and watch a game or something. (AS if I cared about sports.)
YES!!!!!!! THIS IS EACTLY WHAT FISHTOWN NEEDED!!!!!!!!!! the beer selection is insane and you can mix your own six pack and take it home OR you can drink any of the beers from the cooler at the bar!!!!!!!! great chill place to hang, nice lounge upstairs with darts and foosball. staff is extremely friendly and helpful. love.
If the beer doesn't blow you away, the food will. In my opinion, this is THE bottle shop of Philly. I can always count on finding good brews and eating good food. 
 
The refrigeration takes up a large portion of the first floor, leaving room for 5-6 tables along the wall, 3 tables in between the bar and the stairs leading to the 2nd floor, and a 15-seater bar. They recently opened the back patio but obviously you'll get out there when weather permits. I can guarantee there is no good day or time to come here. The volume varies. I will say, it's rare that you will find this place empty. 

I always take a peak at the bottle selection but it's so hard to choose. When that fails, employ plan #2; the draft list. Seeing as I was a bit glutinous from a previous venture, I settled for one beer as opposed to the 4-5 I usually indulge in. Oh, I did manage to down a shot of Espolon. One of the specials featured Hot Honey Ginger Wings. Ultimately, finger-licking good. 

I can't express the love I have for this place. I continue to take people here as well as meet some cool Untappers. You won't be disappointed!
Best of both worlds. Come here to pick up drinks for your party from their huge (HUGE) variety. Or keep walking back to the bar and stay out to have some drinks. There's not a too much seating at the bar area and the whole place is pretty narrow and long so not for large parties but still worth stopping by of your bar hopping through the Fishtown area. 

Definitely worth stopping by for their clean bathrooms. Probably the best in the area honestly! So plan your night around that haha.
This place is awesome, great beer selection and decent prices. And competing with a monster like the Foodery has to be rough. From what I saw the staff was quite friendly and knew a good amount about the beer in the store. However, the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because of the rarity of beers they do not have. Compared to the Foodery they have a selection you can find anywhere in the city. But, the cheap prices for this place will keep me coming back! 

Ps the cheese guy from the Farmers Cabinet relocated to the kitchen for Bottle Bar East. This dudes the best!! Whhazzup cheese man!
My friends and I went to Bottle Bar East last night and we were all very impressed with the beer selection.  The DJ was playing wu-tang and the atmosphere was pretty chill.  We were having a normal Saturday (we ARE 30- so nothing too crazy) and were rounding out the night with our last drinks.
 That all took a very negative turn when the clock struck 2 am, when a guy who seemed to be the manager came out of nowhere and started belligerently and aggressively yelling and throwing people out without warning (or even a last call -- note that I had ordered a beer around 1:50).  He was yelling things like "don't go to a bar in pennsylvania if you want to stay out past two!!" The climax was when he ripped the remainder of my friend's beer out of his hand and shoved him out the front door.  
I totally understand that Pennsylvania has strict liquor laws and that is a liability for a business.  And despite the initial positive experience, I cannot justify frequenting a business where I am treated like a criminal.
It's a great bottle bar. The bartender was great. The sever was pretty and efficient. And the food was good. If I was under 30 it be a spot for me. But I'm 57 so.... I had the Cuban sandwich which was good but the homemade pickles despite being good are not the right kind of pickles. I'm being a Cuban sandwich snob!! My buddies both had burgers and loved them. Sandwich come with fries or salad . This looks like a meh review but it's worth a trip. It's not pretty but I liked it.
I'm privileged to say that BBE is my new regular bar. It's like this place was tailor-made for me. I would like to move into this bar and live here. We're talking great happy hour, huge beer selection, fancy cocktails, great food, touchtunes, and football sundays. It's my kind of relaxed vibe. The bartenders are cool and the people that come here are chill.

Trying new beer is kind of my hobby and I think whoever does their beer acquisition is either really well connected or super lucky. Their tap list often has one or two very rare options and they almost always have one good example of whatever style you prefer. In the past few weeks I've had Heady Topper, Pliny the Elder and three types of Goose Island Bourbon County Stout here. Rather than just filling out their tap list with crowd-pleasers it seems like they really put thought into offering interesting beers on a consistent basis. If I can't find something on tap I want to try, I really like taking my time and browsing the coolers. You have the option of to-go six packs or you can pull one from the cooler and drink it on site. I think they have something like 700-800 bottles/cans to choose from. They have a really excellent local selection and an impressive international selection as well. Some people say that their bottles are overpriced. Well...yes, and no. If you pull a to-go six pack it'll cost you somewhere around $25, but if your pulling a bottle to sit down and have there, $4 is a great deal at any bar for a Yard's or Evil Genius. So I'd say they're priced for in-house consumption.

So not only do they have more beers than you could ever reasonably expect, they have awesome food too. Classic pub food with a twist. One of the few places that do classic buffalo wings correctly and absolutely killer fries. The french onion soup, roasted brussel sprouts, general tso's tacos are all excellent as well. They always have a handful of creative specials aside from their normal menu. Also, they just installed a charcuterie and cheese cooler, so you can get your salty beer pairings to-go or to have in-house. 

So BBE might also have the best specials in town. Here's the down-low on the daily specials:

Half price all day:
Monday- Mac and Cheese
Tuesday- Tacos
Wednesday- Burgers
Sunday- Grilled Cheese

Happy Hour: Monday- Friday 5-7pm
1/2 off "select" drafts (all of the good ones)
$6 house cocktails
1/2 well drinks
1/2 price "select" menu items (all appetizers, and mac and cheese) I'd like to emphasize that chicken wings, fries and empanadas are all included in the 1/2 off deal.

Bonus Tip: Quizzo is every 3rd Thursday of the month

Come one, come all, just make sure you're not sitting in my seat when I get there.
Come on, Bottle Bar. One bartender working the bar on a Saturday night? Really? This place has an awesome selection of beer and the prices are right, but waiting 20 minutes for my check is ridiculous. 

The bartender kept scanning over the patrons asking "You all good?" without waiting for anyone to answer before she walked away. Maybe it was an off night last night, but I'll probably take my 6-pack home next time.
Give yourself some time at Bottle Shop East. The entire wall on your left when you walk in is bottles. Rows and rows of glorious beer bottles.  And cans too...no need to discriminate. 

What I didn't realize until recently is that they also serve food. The menu is pretty extensive and perfect for beer pairings. Thankfully I had already decided on the Cheesus Christ Superstar on my recent visit. 5 types of grilled cheese, plus half off on Sundays? Yep, that was an easy decision for me. 

In the time not spent reviewing the menu, I walked up and down the fridge of beers eyeing up each and every beer. I was gone from the table for so long, my friends thought I went MIA. Nope, just the first world problem of picking the best possible beer for me at the time. If looking at 700+ beer bottles and cans isn't your thing, they also have about 15 quality beers on draft. The staff also seemed pretty helpful and I'm sure would help you find the right brew. 

Back to the food. In addition to my grilled cheese, I opted for a tomato bisque. It was served in a huge mug styled bowl and came out really hot and fresh. It was topped with basil, pine nuts and had a nice piece of bacon sitting in it. It was on the specials board, but as it paired so well with my grilled cheese, I really hope it's something that serve regularly. 

At least based on my experience, Bottle Bar East was like a diner for both food and beer. Ample variety and combinations that can easily please anyone who enjoys both food and/or beer. 

Our check group's check was messed up and it took a little to get it fixed, but otherwise I'm definitely a fan.
The food here was so ridiculously delicious. I got the veggie sliders and my friends were all really happy with their meals too. The goat cheese we had on the sliders was fresh and awesome. The beer selection was pretty big and the service was friendly. The chef came up to talk to us and ask us how we liked things. 

There is an upstairs to sit down and eat and a bar downstairs. You can also choose a beer out of the huge refrigerator and have it poured into a glass for you. We will definitely be going back for the food.
I'm loving the concept here! The front half of the establishment looks like a bottle store...and I guess it pretty much is.  I saw a few people come in to mix a six and leave. The latter half is a super cool bar with live music, tasty food and a lovely draft list.  But the real magic happens when the two entities join forces.  You can bring one of countless bottles of craft beer to the back of the bar and enjoy it in the bar ambiance. 
Bottle Bar has a nice menu as well.  I had a grilled cheese with apple butter which was the perfect accompaniment to my craft brews. Bottle Bar was a great time and I will certainly be back.
Helpful staff.  Answered all my dumb questions about refilling growlers, local driving customs, and even beer.  Checker and waiter even provided good tips for driving to/from NYC.  If they hadn't tried it, we were given tastes.  We enjoyed the peppadews and brussel sprouts as small bites.  Great selections of beer/ciders.  The hardest part was compromising with the man.  I always want the weird ones: chocolate peanut butter must be an option for 2 different manufacturers for a reason, but the man likes the tried and trues or at least the same profiles we know we love.  I loved having the cigar city cider (didn't like the overly dry Pennsylvania option) plus a shot of fireball.  Yum!  Wish I was hungrier because most of the foo looked amazing and what we got was great.
i live across the street from here and even though I don't drink, I had lunch there today.  The cabbage black bean soup I had was very good, well seasoned, fresh and delicious.  I had a turkey sandwich and their turkey sandwich is FRESH, not processed turkey and all the ingredients are Pennsylvania made and the bread was excellent.  The sandwich was outstanding, both tasty and fresh.
Bottle Bar East is known for its great selection of beer, but their food is worth the visit as well. Their General Tso's fried cauliflower tacos are delicious; an entree comes with three tacos filled with perfectly fried and seasoned cauliflower on a bed of rice. Top it off with sriracha for some extra spice! On Taco Tuesdays, all tacos (there are three varieties in total) are half price, so stop in for a cold drink and a good meal!
Love this shop. It looks small from the front but goes farrrr back into a full blown restaurant. 

I usually come here to oogle the bottle selection ($$$) which is large. The store clerks are usually pretty helpful and are great at navigating the large collection. They have always made a good recommendation. I have bought bottles here before but now I try to stick to buying in New Jersey and Delaware when I am in town.

They have a great tap selection but I have never ordered a beer here (I was tempted to this past weekend though). I need to make an effort to grab a beer and food here sometime cause it does look good.
Me oh my! After two friends recommended this place (less than a week apart) I knew I had to stop by! 

The food is phenomenal. I would classify it more as a comfort food spot and the truffle fries are   TO DIE FOR! My friend ordered the tacos and she wasn't that fond of her dish but everyone else got grilled cheeses and were floating on cloud 9. 

Ofcourse the beer selection is where the real moneys at. They got everything you can think of (and for all wallet sizes)...you can also take them to go! In terms of service it started off a little shaky, but that may have been because we were all starving and just wanted to order already! By the end of our meals we were all very content and happy!
After what felt like the longest winter known to man, the sun was finally shining and Philly was blessed with a gorgeous Saturday afternoon in the mid-80s. Problem was, everywhere with outdoor seating in Fishtown was SLAMMED with 1 hour+ waits. Luckily for us, we were able to snag a table outside at Bottle Bar, and I'm so happy we did.

Really awesome that you're greeted with an insane bottle selection - shop up front, bar and restaurant in the middle, cute outdoor patio seating out back. Our server told us we could order drafts from the bar or go back inside to the beer coolers and pick anything we want and he'd pour it in a glass. Pretty dope.  Draft selection was equally as impressive and expansive, but I need visuals, so I opted for the bottles to judge a book by its cover and select based on label.

So happy they had Kurant cider - I was able to try the "Earth" one which was super dry and right up my alley.

The 4 of us all ordered food and were thoroughly impressed. Three of the "just a great burger" (I think that's the name), one chicken cheesesteeak and a hummus appetizer.

The burger WAS great, per the name. Big and meaty, cooked a perfect medium , seasoned well, and topped with a delicious cheese blend, tomato jam, homemade bread and butter pickles, and crispy bacon. The brioche bun held up nicely (this is crucial).  Fries were on point and aplenty - salty and crunchy. Not one soggy fry. Amazing. Haven't had a burger this good in a long while.

Hummus was also really good, garlicky and smooth, and came with cauliflower, carrots, celery and these tasty and crispy (yet soft) crostinis for dipping.

Our server was really friendly.  Prices were reasonable for what you're getting. Overall, you really can't beat that great bottle selection and scrumptious gastropub fare.
The good, the bad, and the.... smelly?

Here's the deal. Bottle Bar East is mostly great. Seriously- draft list, atmosphere, artwork, and obviously the bottle selection. The food is hit or miss- mac and cheese was good. I had steak one night that came with potatoes and string beans. The steak was cooked perfectly, but the potatoes were way undercooked. No big deal really, but I probably wouldn't return for the food alone.

Now, the only downfall to Bottle Bar East is the smell... it smells like old kitchen grease. I know the kitchen is open concept, but it's overpowering- you can smell it the moment you walk in the front door. I wouldn't have as big of a problem with this, but when I went to put on my jacket the next day, it smelled like kitchen grease! I don't know if they need to change the oil in their fryer, or get a huge fan back there... but something needs to give. I don't think I'll be hanging out here for extended periods of time because the smell of old grease isn't very appealing.
I may be partially biased as I live only two blocks away from this wonderful circus of beer selection...but bias be damned; if you love beer, you will love the bottle bar, they love beer too. They're less expensive than The Foodery. And yes, I checked. sometimes only by a few cents, but almost always less expensive, (with the exception of bottles 22oz and above, which are also coming down in price at the BBE.)

The food is absolutely fantastic, I've never heard anyone speak of it, unkind words, healthy, hearty, good ingredients...just like the beer, (they just don't really eff around with your belly...The atmosphere is just fine, it shifts from packed event nights, to a couple of us regulars grabbing a beer after work, to alcoholics like me grabbing a six pack the second they open the door so we can commence day drinking off premises.

They've got discounts, sales, and all sorts of random little perks for the customers, financial or otherwise, such as a bucket with a sixpack...which I was wholeheartedly stoked about...They just recently introduced the Belly rewards program, which has a nifty little app that goes with it, gives you points for each visit.

overall, the clientele is diverse, the beer selection is phenomenal, the pricing is great, the food is spot-on, the deals are frequent, the location is fantastic, the atmosphere is fine and dandy, and let's hear it for the chalkboard walls in the bathroom for the win. (writing/drawing encouraged, chalk provided)
My favorite thing about this bar is their long, colorful wall of refrigerated beers near the entrance! Makes for great panoramic pictures, and is just entertaining to look at. Besides that, nothing was too memorable about Bottle Bar East. The crowd was middle-aged, and not too rowdy.
Take a Foodery style bottle shop, give it a laid back bar in the back with a street art decor and amicable list of specialty shots and craft beers, and add in a delectable bar food menu with plenty of vegan options; and you have yourself an amicable bar concept that probably should have happened awhile ago!

And despite a few new bar kinks that still exist, that's the winning menu that made Bottle Bar East such a winner for me when I checked it out before and after the last Elite event. And Fishtown is the perfect place to pay host to such a beer haven, especially once you factor in the fact that it isn't that far from Johnny Brenda's and Frankford Hall.

Being so enamored by the few varieties of brews that I haven't tried on the short list of rotating drafts meant that I didn't have the chance to fully check out the hundreds upon hundreds of bottled beers that their many coolers had to offer (especially when meeting Michael K. there before the event meant that I was able to take part in their impressive Happy Hour special. score!). But I was definitely impressed with the many quick glances I took, and the suggestions that the bartenders were able to give upon request and mention of preferred style. 

Being famished after the event also meant that I had to grab a bite to eat, and their delicious sounding selection of veggie and vegan offerings made me stear clear of the usual chicken wings or shellfish order that I usually make to test out a bar. And the portabello mushrooms, collard greens, and hummus inside their vegan wrap made me smile inside; especially since it came with watermelon on the side as opposed to the usual chips or fries. But with thing liked littleneck clams, a Philly style Cubano, goat cheese stuffed peppadews, and a brisket sandwiched between a toasted pretzel there's definitely something for everyone.
I really enjoyed my visit to BBE. The beer selection is incredible - possibly the best I have seen in Philly YTD. You walk in and there has to be about 10 beer cases filled with every beer you could ever want. You grab one (or a few) and take them back to your table where your server will open it and pour it in a glass for you. The food also did not disappoint. We came in around 10pm on a Friday and the servers were so nice and did not rush us even though we were the only table sitting outside. This a must if you're a beer nerd, like I am!
So I am on Instagram last Monday and I see that my favorite brewery out of Richmond Virginia, Hardywood Park Craft Brewery, was at Bottle Bar East over the weekend. I immediately go to the Bottle Bar East Facebook page to post a comment, more like a question, not really expecting an immediate response. Within 45 minutes I get a response from Bottle Bar East providing me with a snapshot of all the Hardywood products that was on tap. I found myself at Bottle Bar East the very next day. 

I walk into Bottle Bar East and before I can even get to the bar I am searching through the refrigerator looking for any Hardywood products. When the gentlemen at the counter informed me that there were no bottled Hardywood products I was slightly disappointed because I came with my Hardywood growler hoping to get it filled, and purchase a few bottles to stock up like I do whenever I visit the brewery in Richmond. No worries, there are plenty; I mean plenty of other craft beers I didn't even know I wanted until I came face to face with a wide selection in front of me. 

Locating any Hardywood products on the shelves or on tap outside of Virginia is a challenge in itself. So I came here looking sip on all the Hardywood beers available. There was just one problem, there were some great beers on tap in addition to what I was looking for. Once I saw all items on the display I was ready to park myself there for the night. Too bad I had no designated driver because some of those beers were over 11%, so I had to stick with the original plan. 

The food here looked amazing. I just settled for the Lucifer Rings appetizer, because I had other plans for dinner which I later regretted. There really wasn't anything spectacular about the onion strips, but I will never eat a blooming onion again. 

I am glad I finally made the trip here after hearing about this place from the beer enthusiasts in my life. Even if you are not an avid craft beer aficionado, Bottle Bar East is a great place if you just like to drink different things other than standard tasteless water being passed off as beer.
I've been coming to Bottle Bar East for about a year now and I've always hesitated to review this place without actually sampling some of their food and experiencing their bar; now that Philly Beer Week gave me an excuse to do so, I shall now take this opportunity to provide a somewhat biased, purely subjective review which now would include... food!

BBE is not much different from any of the many bottle shops that now inundate the Fishtown/NorLibs/Center City/Old City area. Kind of like the ever present battle between Security vs. Civil Liberties, the battle between Outrageously Marked-up Beer Prices vs. Availability You Can't Match Anywhere Else in the Country is strong here as well. I guess some people don't realize this simple mantra because I still see people walking out of establishments like these carrying two-three cases of Miller Lite, but I digress.

Yes, BBE has a phenomenal beer selection; unlike other bottle shops, however, BBE gives its loyal customers a chance to reserve bottles of harder to get beer (they even had one for Cantillon St. Lamvinus at one point) on Facebook on a first-come-first-served basis. They will also carry most of the so-called "whales" or "special release beers" that make their way into the city of brotherly love, albeit again on a first-come-first-served basis and marked up the wazoo.

What BBE does better than a lot of your average overcharging bottle shops in my opinion are their growler fills/bar area and their food offering; they seem to have some sort of gourmet chef cooking up magical concoctions that they advertise on Facebook every week working in the back and the results are pretty delectable. I tried their Duck Fat fried Brussels Sprouts, the Buffalo Deviled Eggs, and their Brisket and Ramp Flatbread -- all of which were cooked with amazing expertise to the point I couldn't believe I was eating at a bar.

BBE also hosts fun weekly events such as trivia night, beer "burlesque" and etc.; it's pretty much Philly Beer Week every week at Bottle Bar East.
Great place to grab any type of beer you want while watching the game. I went in yesterday to scope the place out- not only do they have every type of beer imaginable at the bar, you can also do take away and purchase growlers. The atmosphere was eclectic and trendy. There was a huge giant screen TV behind the bar that was showing the World Cup- another great perk.
The staff was very welcoming and warm- the bartender Deanna greeted me with a huge smile and made sure I was taken care of promptly. 
I want to come back and try their food selection.
I was initially confused when I walked up to Bottle Bar--from the front it looks like a pretty small shop, but continue on towards the back to find a restaurant space split between the first and second floors. We ended up sitting on the second floor. The draft list is projected onto the wall which is super convenient and easy-to-read. 

I ordered the Philly Cuban, which was generously stuffed with pulled pork, prosciutto, bacon, gruyere, roasted red peppers, pickles, and a tasty mustard. The sandwich was full of flavor and I enjoyed it along with fries (can be swapped for a mixed green salad), which were also great.

Between our group we tried a variety of beers from the solid and diverse draft list. Our group of five had two beers each, so when our tab came showing 11 drinks, we obviously brought it up to the waitress. She didn't really have an explanation for how an extra beer got on there, and instead told us that if she removes it she will have to pay for it herself. We were honestly a little shocked that she was being serious--that's totally unacceptable. We pushed and she finally "remembered" that one of the drinks was definitely duplicated, and removed it without further argument. We're pretty easy-going people/were not trying to be difficult, but if you mess up you should fix it and not try to make the customer feel guilty? So weird.

The food and drinks were great, but honestly that interaction was so awkward and strange that I'm not really in any rush to go back.
Mediocre food, overpriced. Of the two times I went, I had one good server and one really poor one who then put me and my friends all on one check and charged us gratuity she knew she didn't deserve. I speak as a former server. Buy the beer and don't stay to eat.
If you're in a rush and need a variety of hip brews to bring to that banger at your bro's, this place is for you. They have a variety of cider's for your GFAF friends (gluten free as efff) IPA's for your hipster homies, and the basic beers for all the other white girls that you can grab in a "Mix 6" format, but it's gonna cost you a pretty penny. But let's be honest, I'm willing to pay some good money for a selection that's ready to drink, cold out the fridge. 

If you find yourself farther than the front door, their kitchen is open until 1am and their tacos are BANGING. The Vietnamese Pork Belly Tacos and the Chicken Chorizo Tacos are amazing and they chicken ones have this sauce (edit: honey chipotle-aioli) that they need to bottle so I can put that sh*t on everything.
I visited recently with my boyfriend.  The service was friendly and helpful, and the beer selection was good.  However the food was not at all good and ruined our experience.

We ordered the pork belly tacos, the sweet chili wings, and the roasted Brussels sprouts.

The pork belly tacos were awful.  The pork belly was sliced so paper-thin that I couldn't even tell that it was pork belly, which is almost a sacrilegious treatment of this cut of meat.  The layer of fat, as far as we could tell from the tiny slices, was totally missing, so it may actually have been another cut of meat altogether trying desperately to pass as pork belly.  There was an incredibly tiny amount of pork in the tacos, perhaps one thin slice per taco.  The balance was odd; there were very few leaves of fresh herbs, and the vermicelli really didn't add much to the texture of the taco.  It was just limp and soggy and sad.

The Brussels sprouts were also soggy and sad.  It was clear that they had been piled in a roasting pan rather than placed in a single layer on a baking sheet; instead of having a wonderful crispy and gooey texture, they were just wet.  This dish doesn't require much, if any, skill; I easily could've made far better Brussels sprouts at home.

The sweet chili wings were sickeningly sweet... without the heat of the chili.  Moreover, the skin wasn't crispy either, but, instead, it had a gelatinous texture.

Overall, it was exceptionally disappointing.  We won't be back.
I am currently here and l'm typing this!!!! Let's get this straight from the very beginning....This place is super amazingly outrageously dope!!!!! Where else can you get great food thats made with beer but you have a personal choice of over 700 different beers. YES 700 DIFFERENT BEERS. 

Today my friend & I had the Angus & Andouille Sausage Sliders...Lamb Loin Chops but the star of them all was the Cajun Gumbo. MANNNNN LISTEN THIS SH*T RIGHT HERE IS AMAZING. We would have taken pics of it all but the food was so great we didn't have time. 

If you ever want a nice chill kickback Saturday turn down day then visit THE BOTTLE BAR EAST to fulfill all of your alcholic & foodie senses.  BTW ask for HEATHER SHE'S AMAZING, PERSONABLE & KNOWLEDGEABLE....4 thumbs up ( that's from the both of us)
Terrible prices here - i get its a bottle shop but when you are paying $17.50.... yes $17.50 for a 6 pack of Yards (whose brewery is .5 miles away) it is kind of a joke. I asked the manager about the prices and he said that was actually the discounted price because i bought a whole 6 pack! $17.50 is the discount!!!???? Come on, get it together bottle bar
Beer selection (obviously) always impressive. Food is also delicious!

I was in about a month ago and had some of the best service I've had in Philadelphia. Our server (wish I remembered her name, but I remembered her vibrant red hair and great nails) was attentive, friendly, and helped us decide between food menu items and beer. Because of her service alone, I will definitely be back!
The front of the building looks like your average liquor store. You might walk by if you didn't know what was inside.  A ridiculously extensive bottled beer selection and a darn good tap selection as well.  The night I was there an Eagles game played on the big screen over the bar and immediately following the game the DJ took over. 

Our waiter was helpful with the menu and his descriptions of items and pairing recommendations even caused an up sell or 2.  The pork and pineapple tacos were simple but full of flavor. Three come in an order but I easily could have eaten several more. The Cheesus Christ Superstar with brisket was an amped-up version of an old classic, gooey and comforting.  A carafe of water was brought to the table (definitely did NOT taste like Philly water) and it was refilled as needed.  

Upstairs is a small area with a foosball table and a restroom. Be careful- the lock in the upstairs bathroom is tricky. The person before me, myself and later in the evening my husband all had trouble with the lock and briefly were stuck inside.
So, my previous review for this place spoke only of the beer selection in the front, which you can mix and match and carry away bottles of your choice.  This feature offers top marks, as they have great selections!  However, tonight I was able to go to the bar/dining area for the first time.. and all I can say is a big heaping pile of W.T.F.

Let me start by saying the bartender was great.  He later attested to the fact the crowd there had never been before.  The crowd I speak of, which seemed like two or three crowds initially, became what seemed like some huge herpes-trading-northern-liberties-reject-swingers group.  I kid you not.  There were dudes hitting on dudes and girls making out with girls and it all started from some half-assed confrontation when my friend and I got there.  After they all seemed to leave, there was one remaining member who was courted by a non-swinger but she seemed to reciprocate.  The bartender later said of the incendent, "I have no idea what that was about.  All I know is that I saw two chicks making out but then the rest I have no idea."

The kitchen was closed when we arrived.  Too bad.  Though I only give this place three stars because of the weird debauchery that took place, the entertainment for the evening you couldn't get even if you watched Cinemax.
A roach crawled from the counter of the bar on to my girlfriends plate. We told the bartender and he acted like it wasn't a big deal. We won't be back.
We went here last night for the first time to meet up with friends.  I had never heard of this place and I was pleasantly surprised.   The food was good- I had the shrimp tacos and my boyfriend had the venison sliders.  My tacos were a little spicy, so next time I will ask for them to go light on the sauce, but they were good.  My favorite line of the evening was when I asked the waitress if the shrimp was fried.  She replied, "We don't have a deep fryer."  I was sold! 
I also loved that we could stand in front of the gleaming coolers of beer bottles.  It was so helpful to walk up and down the aisle and see the beer so we could  discuss our choices.  With such a large selection to choose from, it can be intimidating to have to pick  from a menu, without actually seeing the bottles.  We even got into a conversation with a stranger and suggested beers to each other to try.  It was a great experience and we will be back.
I live in CC, but decided to brave the MFL to Girard to check this place out. The trip isn't too hard, and it's probably just a 5-10 minute walk from the station.

In terms of selection, the bottle/draft picks are top notch. In terms of pricing, it's on par with most of Philly (that is, expensive if you're used to buying in NJ or any place with more reasonable beer/liquor laws).

$21.48 got me the following:
-Great Divide: Espresso Oak Aged Yeti (large format - snagged via FB reserve)
-Neshaminy Creek J.A.W.N.
-Victory Hop Ranch
-Atwater Vanilla Java Porter
-SlyFox Odyssey Imperial IPA

Pro Tip: Follow them on Facebook to snag reserve bottles by commenting (they usually will reserve a certain number for the first respondents).
Great beer selection on the wall, lot's to choose from.  I liked that there was some draft beers to choose from as well.  The food menu was awesome, myself and two buddies chose 3 from the menu and just split it and had a couple of beers.  It wasn't too crowded when we got there, but a good crowd had built up by the time we were getting ready to leave and go elsewhere.  The DJ was pretty good and set a pretty good vibe.  Our waitress was pretty good, fun, attentive and quick.  Another waitress was a bit short with us, but was no biggie.  

Definitely a chill spot to go if you want to try some beers you normally wouldn't find at a bar and pick at some really good food.  I will definitely find my way back.
Just ordered from caviar. Tacos and fries both burned, and order was 30 mins later than quote. Can't imagine the overcooked food is delivery drivers fault.
This is literally a ten minute walk from my house. Maybe less. Great beer selection. Food is typically fine in house. But this is inedible. Havn't eaten all night was just looking for a decent taco when I got home.. and just gross. Eating crackers. Threw it away.
I love Bottle Bar... so why am I giving 1 star  we went last night (Monday) I ordered the pear salad  it came without  pears??? We also ordered a appetizer go figure we never got it then we sat there for a really long time waiting for our check because our waiter was no where to be found. My question is where was the regular staff the ones that provide excellent service?? Maybe just not on Monday's
Bottle Bar is bar none. The bottled selection is perfect and the tap selection is tailored for craft beer lovers. Tonight they had 3 sours along w/an amazing chili-hazelnut imperial stout + but stop, forget the beer...

They have the best veggie tacos and veggie burger in the city. I've tried at least 10 taco joints and nothing beats the giant General Tso's fried cauliflower taco. Seriously the food won't disappoint. They also sell Ritter Sport bars. 

BBE has their shyte together. Keep it real.
I've been waiting for something like The Foodery to pop up in my 'hood.

Bottle Bar offers a plethora of take out beer options (everything from PBR to the loveliest of craft beers). You can also buy any of their beers and drink it right then and there (just take it to the bartender and she'll open it and ring it up for you). They have a full bar, too, if you want to have a cocktail. Bottle Bar does make food, but I haven't had a chance to try it yet.

While Bottle Bar has a general friendly vibe to it, there is a bit of  a hollow feeling that I attribute to the actual building itself. Otherwise, the staff are helpful and assist you in finding some great new beers. There's also a foosball table upstairs if you want to do that.

AND THEY TAKE CARDS THANK YOU SWEET BABY JESUS.

While Bottle Bar might not necessarily blow you away as a bar/restaurant, this is definitely what Fishtown needs in the takeout beer arena....
The food is amazing. Good beer selection that will break the bank. Huge tv for sports people and a bathroom where you can draw dicks on the walls.
I really love this place, have been here a few times since I moved to the neighborhood. Quirky little back bar with some great eats you wouldn't think to find in a bar-deviled eggs with bacon caviar, zucchini fries-and some great eats you'd completely expect to find in the place, like buffalo Mac and cheese grilled cheese. I am a fan of their draft beer selection and caught the Eagles preseason game on their big TV the other night. 

Their bottled beer selection is also THE best in the area.
A great beer selection near Girard Station. The place is quite large in the back with beers covering both sides as you walk in.

When I went during the day and the back was empty, but I assume that it gets busy and a really cool place to go to. They even have an upstairs area.
Much better selection and prices than the Foodery in NoLibs!
Really excellent craft beer selection. I was happy to find somewhere close to home where I could create my own six pack. Granted it was double the price of what you'd generally pay, but I tried to keep in mind I was getting a nice sampler - though I do feel it was priced higher than other bottle shops I've been to in the city.

*Port Richmond Thriftway just opened a bottle shop - cheaper, good selection and maybe 15 minutes away.
I feel like everyone forgets this place has food. At least within my friends group. 
The grilled pear sandwich is awesome. I've only been there twice and I keep getting the same thing. Hopefully next time I can break the mold!
It's a bit narrow and not a lot of seating. I hear there is a backyard but I've never scoped it out I'll have to update when I go back there. 
Also Robocop was playing on the TV.
The prick out at the counter just kicked me out of this restaurant for no reason. I came in with a group of 8 and one of our friends ID had just experienced which she showed him along with her registration with her birthday. We're 25. He refused to serve her and I said that him thinking she's 20 is the best compliment she's gotten all day. He then refused to serve me bc I said that and kicked me out of the bar regardless of me being 25. What a rude employee, I can't make a joke without being kicked out. That's just bad serve and he lost business. I hope he gets fired he had long hair past his shoulders and a nose ring. I usually love this bar until this rude employee told me to leave for no legit reason.
BBE has a vast variety of beers and ciders. It's a great selection honestly. They also offer some inventive specialty cocktails. The bartenders are both friendly and knowledgeable. If you're looking for something that's not on the menu, they are able to Offer some great suggestions. The "new" chef has created a great menu....serving up some great eats that definitely cater to the area. The space is big enough but not overwhelming, and the visitors are "generally" fun and welcoming. Plus they have a giant tv that usually sports oldie movies. If you're 
Looking for a casual place you should definitely check this one out. It's in a great area so be sure to bar hop when you're good and ready!
I recently went to Bottle Bar East after hearing differing opinions about the place. I ended up perusing the beer selection for over 15 minutes undecided as to what to buy. The person at the register didn't even say hello when I walked in, and one of the staff members kept walking in front of me to restock beer. Clearly I was standing there unsure as to what to buy...any proper salesperson would see this as an opportunity to push beers I've never tried before. Two minutes after visiting Local 44 in West Philly, the man behind the counter asked if I needed help and was clearly passionate about beers and very helpful. I ended up feeling uncomfortable and unwelcome at Bottle Bar East. Also the music was so loud, even if someone offered to help, I wouldn't be able to hear him. I wasn't sure what this place was trying to do...It's a bar and a beer distributor? The people were so loud at the bar, I ended up giving up and going to the Foodery where the staff is much more friendly and easy going. Lesson learned, stick with what I know. I'm sure this is a convenient spot for locals in Fishtown, but being from Old City, I have to travel to find good craft beer. This place will no longer be one of my destinations.
Pretty standard, run-of-the-mill bottle selection with a poorly curated tap selection. The guys stocking seemed pretty cool and knowledgeable, but when I asked the middle-aged guy at the register a question, he wouldn't even get up to talk to me and spouted some salesy jargon across the room. Knowledge, questionable. A parrot, most likely. Clearly not someone I'll be taking recommendations from. 

Male bartender seemed more enthusiastic than knowledgeable about beer. Female staff seemed to know NOTHING about beer, yet the forced conversation felt as if they were instructed to flirt with "the guys" at the bar or something. I would've gone to Hooters for lunch if this was what I was looking for. The panini was great, but the kitchen was totally janky with wires everywhere and no hood over the stove so smoke was going all over. The lighting was...there was no lighting besides an oppressive fluorescent light in the corner.

In conclusion, Bottle Bar East will be very successful as a product of circumstance - its location. And only because it's in Philadelphia, where you can't buy single bottles, 6-packs and cases under one roof. A true success inspite of themselves.
Good service, beer, and cocktails, but literally price gouging for buying beers to-go.
I have only been here 2 times so far but I will definitely be back soon! 
Awesome selection of beers on tap, and of course everything you could want bottle wise with that entire wall of bottled beer fridges. 
I really enjoy the vibe of this place, huge projector screen and personalized music selection depending on the daytime bartender (who was awesome by the way! Friendly girl with reddish hair, sorry I forget your name!) and pretty busy at night, but we still received good service. 
Gotta love their lunch special, anything on the menu & a pint for $11 on weekdays from 12-4. I had a simple chicken & truffle salad which was delicious. Can't wait to try more food items!
Don't forget to check out the darts & foosball upstairs!
Cool concept, basically they have a bunch of refrigerators with everything from craft beer to ciders to PBR. It is pretty much self serve. You just grab the beer you want and the waitress will open it for you. They have a huge TV that's great for watching games. Small upstairs seating as well. They do serve good food too. It's a cool place to have a couple beers, probably not a place you would spend all night

Update: Came back for taco Tuesday and WOW. The food here is very very good. Half off tacos on Tuesday. I had the Korean Pork tacos and they were amazing. Between the food and beer selection, this place is great!
Bottle Bar is a short walk from my house and I enjoy stopping in for both food and beers. I really like to bring my friends from out of town here because the selection is so large and its easy to have a good conversation. I usually get a grilled cheese, which is good but its pretty hard to mess that up. I have also had the wings and the mac and cheese. All have been good. 

My favorite part is that I can browse the beers at my own pace. I'm sometimes indecisive which is a bartenders nightmare especially when they are busy. I can look and read descriptions without holding anyone else up. Beers are a little pricey though.
That was the most expensive takeout beer I've ever purchased. Prices are 60% higher than everywhere else. Individual 16oz cans in the fridge were $8-10. The 4-pack of SingleCut Softly Spoken Magic Spells I got was $40 (reg. $20-26, $30 would even be reasonable).
This place has a vast selection of beer to choose from in the coolers. My buddy and I grabbed our bottles to head up stairs. The waitress was a real sweetheart and she was good at selling me food. I decided to get the venison sliders with goat cheese and they were freakin' amazing! I am glad she persuaded me to get food. The DJ was playing a fun mix of dance and hip hop to help create a fun atmosphere. I love this place and will definitely be back!
Came here after we couldn't get a table at Brauhaus on a busy Friday night.

Love the idea behind this bar. 

The food was very good, too.
I've only been here once.  And on that lone visit I was delightfully surprised to see that not only do they have The Trooper beer in the cooler but also DFH 120 minute.  Sure, the bottles were a bit pricey but I can't say I've seen either of these brews anywhere else.  That's why you come here.  Not for 30 packs of light beer but the beers you can't find or just never heard of.  
The bar itself wasn't too crowded and seemed like a decent place to hang out.  I really can't comment on the nightlife aspect of the joint on a solitary visit but my experience was satisfactory.  
If you're a beer geek, you should definitely swing by this place.
This place is awesome. There beers are better than any other place in Philadelphia because they have like a thousand beers. The prices are awesome as well unlike some of the other fake hipster/down with the people bars down the street.
Nice spot with a wide variety of beers!!! Haven't tried the food yet. The atmosphere is pretty chill, a lot of people on a Friday/Saturday night, but not too crowded. Had a overall good experience with a couple friends as they have darts upstairs. Only downside, they close upstairs at 1am.
If you can't find what you're looking for here, you're not looking hard enough. They have an AMAZING selection of beers... some seemed overpriced while others didn't. 

Haven't tried the food yet.
Keegan is awesome. Great job. friendly and inviting. Felt compelled to write this because he is pretty refreshing.
This is usually my favorite happy hour spot in the neighborhood but I'm super bummed about the recent changes and hashtag happy hour where only select drafts are on special. Even Commonwealth Cider is full price during happy hour now! Of course, the bartenders are the best but I'll be going to Fette Sau more often for their half price beers!
Quite possibly the best mac and cheese I've ever had in my entire life. Add the pork belly, and get ready for an amazingly delicious time! 

I get all my beer and wine from because it's so close to my house, but the one thing I stay away from is simply drinking there. For some reason this place attracts some of the most chauvinistic men I've seen outside of the mid-west. I watched a guy throw his receipt into the bar tenders cleavage. What is this? 1950? 

That being said, part of the blame is on the male staff there that allow this type of behavior. This place would get 5-stars if it wasn't for that. The drinks are great! The food is great! Just get those man children out of your scene and you've got a grade-A place!
I go here very often!!!!  I like that you can pick your bottle from the fridge and sit at the bar with or without glass.  The food is very good and the cheese guy is helpful.  I like that it's casual, but very clean and has a contemporary vibe.
A funky spot like this one will surely brighten up your weekend. Came here on a Sunday with a friend to catch up. We arrived around 1:30 and we were seated immediately. 

Our waiter came over to ask what we wanted to drink. I was in the mood for a cider. The waiter said he only had a ginger cider on draft but that I was more than welcome to walk over to the beer coolers and grab one that I liked. I ended up just getting a water. 

It wasn't busy at all on this particular day, but I will say the service here is really quick. Before we knew it, he was back to take our order. I got the cauliflower wings appetizer as my meal. They were smothered in BBQ sauce and they were delicious! They smelled like actual wings. The cauliflower was fried. It was simply amazing. That's all you need to know. 

My friend got the Cheesus Christ grilled cheese and it looked like a sandwich you'd see in a commercial. The bread had the perfect complexion, if you will. She added tomato for $1 extra and bacon for $2 extra. On Sunday, you can get any grilled cheese sandwich for half price. 

Can't complain about the food or service. Everything was marvelous, all the way down to the cleanliness of the establishment and how friendly the employees were. Would recommend!
Great place but then they shoot themselves in the foot with poor hiring choices. 
After chasing away all the business at Saint Benjamin's, Bottle Bar East hires the same loser to chase their customers away.
We accidentally found this place when a popular bar nearby was super crowded. And we couldn't be happier!! 

So many beer options. Trivia night where we won a bunch of weyerbacher! The grilled cheese was awesome. Obviously limited food items... But all of them were awesome! Love this place!
I loved this place the first time I walked in over a year ago. Being new to craft beer at the time I had been by The Bottle Bar East many times and my curiosity finally got to me. So I walk in and whoa, beer, beer, and more beer as it says on the door, 700 to choose from (no joke) the first person to greet me was one of the owners, Mike. He is very friendly and will answer questions and recommend beer that you may enjoy according to what you like to drink, also will recommend something new (the man hasn't disappointed me yet) for a change of pace. Now as for the food? Awesome! The venison sliders and shrimp tacos are my favorite, followed by the "The Hankwich" and the Cuban. Generous portions too. People may complain about the size of the burgers......THEY'RE SLIDERS FOLKS they're supposed to be that big and as far as I'm concerned have more than enough flavor punch to satisfy. I would recommend this place as a must stop if you're new to the area or a life long resident, the prices on food and drink are reasonable and won't break you. The only downside for me are the dj's never was a fan, never will be, to me it's a drinking establishment not a night club, there's a jukebox for a reason. The live music on the other hand has been entertaining. So enjoy and bottoms up folks!
This place rocks! Amazing beer selection (or wine)! The food was all so good and service was great! Beef empanadas, onion rings, Brussels sprouts, champagne salad, and chicken tacos were all delicious! We will definitely be back. Trisha is great!
I've been here a few times now and this place is awesome!! They always have a great picks on draft and if those aren't enough for you they offer a ton of bottles me cans that can also be drank at the bar. The food is amazing... Definitely try the peppadews and the Mac and cheese! The zucchini fries are also delicious. 

Half priced grilled cheese Sunday's are a huge plus too
I like this place! A lot of beer variety and you can just drink the beer that you choose inside.
650 types of beer on the wall, 
650 types of beer, 
Take one down,
To make a six pack,
And drink 'till you have to lean on the wall!

Food was delish too. The old fashioned a bit too sweet. I'm guessing they use simple syrup instead of a sugar cube.  

The sammys here are creative and tasty. I hope one day, I will have a woman that can make me sammiches as tasty as the ones here. 

She's got a lot to live up to. 
Maybe I aim too high. T_T
Came here for a drink in between class. I go to temple. Great beer selection. Loved everything they had. Keegan the bartender was super friendly and definitely made for the business. I had a great experience
This bar is absolutely fantastic.   Great beer selection, extremely friendly staff, led by Mike, good food and just a really fun place to hang out, watch a game, grab a few drinks and watch a game. Will be a mainstay for me
Like a candy store that lets you buy and eat the candy, only the candy is beer.

The prices in this joint are super competitive, given that you're allowed to drink the beers on premises, and those premises have big 'ole TVs for game watching, a little upstairs loft area that overlooks the rest of the place for people watching, and some solid food options for new pants watching.

It's a busy place the last couple Fridays I've been, but then where in No Libs isn't, anymore? Plus, you can always just "serve yourself." I'm pretty sure, anyway. I mean, I bought the beers, sat myself down, and waited for a server to come by and open it for me. I'm certain that the only reason I can't open it myself is that would technically be serving myself alcohol in a restaurant, and if I had to guess whether that's legal in the state of PA, I'd have to guess no.

If you're in the No Libs area and want a chill time with a selection of beers that's tough to top, stop by.
Tons of options in this bottle shop! Any drink from the store, you can drink at the bar or on the patio of the shop. Didn't try the food, but enjoyed the interior and watching the game on the TV while enjoying a tasty cider. Even some take away meats, cheeses and items if you're on the go to a picnic!
11-18-18. Myself and a group of friends just walked into the bar. The man at the door insisted that one of my friends would not be served alcohol but could freely purchase alcohol to take home because she was "visibly
drinking". It's a bar. Naturally, people go to the bar to have drinks. Yet he singled her out an caused a commotion for absolutely no reason. So we collectively left the bar. It was pure sexism and we will never step foot in this bar again. Business permanently lost
Currently a favorite bar in Fishtown. The vibe is always laid back and can't beat the selection of beer. Even though Garage has a big craft beer selection, the self-serve fridges here are nice to browse through and take your time deciding. The servers are great, there's no shouting necessary to order, and there's consistently good food. The happy hour menu is awesome with half-off many of the appetizers. The hashtag next to certain beers mean they're half-off too. The wings are decent and the fries are a huge portion. On the regular menu, the sandwiches are always solid. It's a great place to just hang out and relax among a sometimes-overly-trendy neighborhood.
