Not gonna lie, I didn't know what to expect reading some recent reviews hat were really mixed, but WHOA was I pleased! This was a last minute option, but a great stumble upon. The waitress let us know that their pizza was made by Pizza Gutt and I knew we were gonna eat good. 

We ate outside and it was a bit cold, but I was too distracted by how good the pumpkin spice beer paired with the pepperoni pizza I ordered. The pizza was one of the best pies I've had in YEARS. The crust was charred perfection and very fluffy and light, yet crispy. The sauce was seasoned so well and jus enough cheese, but not overbearing. I only ate half and had the rest the next day. 

This $17 price point for a pizza pie was well worth it.
Bourbon and Branch is my go to after work spot. The happy hour is so convenient because it's 5-7 instead of 4-6. It's also a deal because they do half off drafts. I've found that overall they have a good craft beer selection. They also have their bar snacks for $5 but it's not really a deal....I just go for the nachos which are unfortunately still full price.

The nachos are $9 + $3 for seitan but they are HUGE and made my boyfriend and I full. They layer the nachos so as you dig down more you uncover more delicious layers. They also put a lot of jalepeno which I like. Last night when I visited we were able to get 4 beers (3 of which were the Philadelphia Brewing Winter Wunder) and the nachos for $24 without tip. I was tipsy, full, and happy. 

The only weird thing is the drink menus are a super weird font making them hard to read. I casually said something to our waitress and they reprinted them making the words larger but not fixing the font. She even turned the lights up and we strained to read it. They also have a venue upstairs so while we were finishing up, we could hear the band sound checking upstairs so it might get loud when they actually start playing. 

Final Verdict: If you are looking for something cheap and delicious while also getting a little tipsy - check out the happy hour here.
Bourbon and branch has had a major glow up. Their menu is at least 50% vegan and they have a ton of deals. Even with all the vegan stuff this place will even have food to keep my mother happy (her name's literally Karen so you can imagine).

After seeing an Instagram post of their nachos yesterday I visited on a whim. I also ordered some seitan wings cause why not? With Blackbird and Soy Cafe down the street, this place really brings them some competition. Wings were great, the Korean bbq sauce was not my fave but they have like 5 flavors so plenty of things to try. The nachos were earth shatteringly delicious. They actually layer them properly so you don't get to the bottom and have empty chips. They also have great prices for beer. My husband got a pilsner they had on special for $5 so I can only imagine it can get even cheaper if you go for happy hour. They also had the eagles game on so if you're a sports person it's a great place to catch a game.

I think the bartenders we're training last night but they were super friendly and helpful. I didn't order a drink so something I know that can turn them off but I really appreciated the great service (sorry I didn't catch your names!) 

Honestly, I can't wait to come back. They have so much other stuff to try plus they carry beyond burgers/sausage (yum). Take your vegan friends here.
In a neighborhood full of great bars, Bourbon and Branch needs to stop up mightily to succeed.  Essentially, this place is a bad rip off of Jerry's only a few blocks away.

Service is pretty weak.  I have no idea why this place has a hostess, it just made the bar seem more like a diner.  The atmosphere is a good attempt, but fails overall.  The idea of a dimly lit, friendly bar is ruined by the raucous, bad music from the "venue" above.

The beer selection is acceptable, but prices are not available, anywhere.  When I asked the waitress about a beer price, I received a quizzical look and a "....um, I don't know, like maybe six dollars give or take?"  I understand beer prices being high in a prime location.  But this spot charges too much for drinks and then insults you as a customer by not letting you make the choice on whether or not to buy x drink at y price.  

Bourbon and Branch could win the award for most awkward bathroom location.  I guess it's in the same place as before, but liberties was never crowded enough to make me notice. 

The menu looks cool; but it needs to be refined.  The food here generally is good; there are still some duds on the menu.  House made potato chips compliment sandwiches well, and those are decently priced around $10.  The fried pickles are a mistake.  The oil temp in the frier is likely not as high as it should, leaving these chips a bit soggy.  Your guess is as good as mine for the weird sauce that comes on the side.

Bottom Line:  Bourbon & Branch needs a lot of changes to succeed.  Nonetheless, a lot of these are small changes.  I believe this place could succeed, but in the mean time, I suggest walking to one of the many bars within a block or two that are much better.
What a wonderful place to accidentally stumble across. My friends and I were looking for a place to grab a quick bite while we waited for our turn at North Bowl and ended up here.

The atmosphere is very warm and cozy. I knew we had picked the right spot when we were greeted by an adorable man with a bow tie! The host is truly delightful, and I heard that he is almost always working.

The service was pretty slow, but only because the place was totally packed. Our waiter, however, was wonderful. He brought our brews out very quickly. I ended up ordering the Macaroni and Cheese--which is covered in bacon! It was absolutely delicious. The best part of the experience was when our waiter agreed to take a shot of Fireball with us! Gotta love it.

Overall, this is a bar I would definitely return to if I was in the area. It's a pretty far ride downtown for those of us in the suburbs, unfortunately!
Saw a mouse run across the bar. Went over to he group of employees standing by the end of the bar and told them, one of them told me he was aware there was a mouse but they couldn't catch it with the mouse traps they set up. He called me a c*nt as I walked back to my barstool.

They comped our drinks and gave us a $20 gift certificate but I can't say I'm rushing to go back when they've got a mouse running behind the glasses on the bar and they seem to have given up on getting rid of it since their traps didn't work. The treatment from the bar staff didn't help.
Went back to Bourbon & Branch to check out " Vegan Restaurant Week". 

Like I said in my previous review, would only go back for the food, and that still remains after this vist. I'm not Vegan, but must say Bourbon and Branch has some of the best Vegan food I've ever tasted.

First off, parking is a headache! 

We had to wait a hour before getting seated, by it being a late Saturday night, I would expect that. I must say the host was very nice, checking on us and apologizing for the wait.
They only take reservations for 4 or more :(

Once seated everything was great. Our waiter was very nice and very efficient.  

We wanted to try several things on the menu cause we greedy like that!
We ordered The Beyond Meatball Parm sandwich,  it was delicious!
Also, the Local Philly Temph Korean Bbq Ribs. It came on a bed of Coleslaw. That was ok, would not order that again for the money they charge. Also CBR Revival Pizza, that was soooo good I ordered another to take home! 
I'm not a Vegan by a lot shot, but throughly enjoyed the meal.
When I feel like fighting the traffic,  will be back!
If you don't believe in miracles, brace yourself: I ventured out on Mother's Day for a Sunday Brunch at 11:30 am in the heart of one of Philly's hippest neighborhoods WITHOUT reservations - and I was sat immediately. Anything is possible in this life if you just believe. 

Bourbon and Branch honestly looked closed from the street. Even though my Yelp app was telling me they had brunch, I half expected the door to be locked when we walked up. There was a good amount of patronage, but my friend and I were sat at a cozy table for two immediately. We'd had our name down on the list at a certain popular breakfast café next door and was told it would be an hour wait. Our "table for two" was about the size of a middle school desk. It was a tight squeeze to say the least, and we're both rather tiny people. 

We enthusiastically ordered the Chicken and Waffles (with maple blueberry compote and candied jalepenos) and the Shrimp and Grits, along with our cocktails of choice ($8 mimosas). The food came fairly quickly, and I was thrilled. The bowl of Shrimp and Grits was bigger than my head and the Chicken and Waffles was picture perfect. The quality of the taste was incredible. The Shrimp and Grits was to die for - but for $18 and the size of the bowl, I expected more than 3 shrimp. THREE SHRIMP. WITH TAILS. I was flabbergasted. The flavor was amazing, but THREE SHRIMP? I told our server in the kindest way possible that I was disappointed, and she blatantly admitted that we're not the first to make this specific complaint. Wowee. Maybe worth investigating, or at least renaming the dish to Grits (ft. Shrimp). 

The waffle was amazing as well. Fluffy perfection. Paired well with the chicken, blueberries, and buttery mapley (spicy?) goodness atop. My friend and I split the portions, but it was no easy task maneuvering the perfect plate/ bowl tetris on less than two square feet of table space. We polished our plates, and I was satiated for the remainder of the day. 

Our server was kind, but towards the end of the meal she visited less and less, and it took forever to get our check. Location is prime, but parking in the area can be a little bit of headache. They might look closed from the street, but the vibe inside is very homey and flavors are worth trying. 

Overall - good experience and good quality. I'd absolutely come back. I'd love to say I'd order the shrimp and grits again, but not unless I get more than three. Maybe next time, I'll come between 2p and 4p for $15 bottomless mimosas.
A solid 4 is just about right.  Came here with 2 others this past Saturday for brunch/linner (?) around 2 PM for some boozy grub.

Outdoor seating was nice.  Server was awesome, funny and swayed me towards the bottomless mimosas, which are $15.  At $8 per regular glass, after 2 you've already got your money's worth, so I opted for that.

We started with the short rib nachos, then had our entrees:  1 burger, 1 breakfast burrito and 1 chicken and waffles.  The portions are definitely a tad smaller than they should be for the prices, but everything was very tasty, albeit a little underseasoned.  I think the nachos were actually my favorite, but they can't hold a candle to Los Camaradas.  My breakfast burrito was huge and was filled with a yummy peppery hash (plus I got a heaping mound of salty, addicting fries on the side), but they cut the burrito in half before serving, which is a huge pet peeve.

My friend liked her burger, but didn't love it.  Presentation was just meh, as well.  My BF liked his chicken and waffles (and grits), but without the requested berry jam on the side he probably wouldn't have enjoyed it as much.  Still not as good as The Dutch.  Plus, the plate was too small to maneuver around to eat off.

Overall, I'd be back if I was in the area.  I would like to come back for dinner and cocktails one night and sit inside.
I went here for brunch a few weeks ago and may have found my new favorite spot for brunch in Philly! We went at around 12 noon on a Saturday and only had to wait about 15 mins for a table. We waited at the bar and got a drink to pass the time. Their drink menu is pretty extensive. From all different types of mimosas, draft beers, and many unique and tasty signature drinks. It was so hard to choose a drink because they were so many great choices! My husband and sister got a bourbon mimosa and absolutely loved it. I opted for a fruity vodka signature drink which was great also. I would come back here again just to try more of their signature drinks. 
Food wise, you had the option to choose food off the brunch or regular menu. They have a ton of vegan and non vegan options. This is great because we had food options for all of us. My sister got the shrimp and grits. She would highly recommend it, just ask her. My husband and I shared the vegan chickn and waffles and seitan buffalo wings. The servings were just right and the food came out fresh and hot! The seitan wings were big pieces and had a little crunch to them. They were super tasty and came with a side of vegan ranch. The vegan chickn was a huge tasty breaded seitan. The waffle was fluffy and delicious also. I definitely will be back here again the next time I'm in Philly. I really want to try more food from their menu! The service was great and quick, which always makes the experience better too. Five stars for you bourbon&branch!
If you find yourself hungry for brunch and wandering around Northern Liberties, might I suggest you walk just a bit past that obscene line at Green Eggs and try out this place? This was exactly what happened to me one day, and I never looked back. That's right folks, there's zero line at Bourbon and Branch for weekend brunch! And the food is just as good as anywhere else!

The food here is very tasty. If you like sweet breakfasts you definitely can't go wrong with the cinnamon roll pancakes. I often crave their cinnamon roll pancakes, they're that good (or maybe I'm just craving the sugar rush?). Slathered in cinnamon and cream cheese frosting, it's like eating a regular cake and not pancakes. If you still like sweet pancakes but not diabetes inducing ones, I would suggest the lemon ricotta pancakes. The taste is far more subtle while still having a thick texture and being filling. If you want something savory, the lumberjack scramble is huge and comes with one of their truly delicious biscuits. Good biscuits are hard to find but they have them here. And last but not least, you must try the cheddar grits. These are some of the best grits I've had in the Philly area, no joke.

Overall I like this place because it's almost like a hidden gem. It's rarely crowded, which works for me, and the food is great. I don't understand why other people don't take advantage of brunch here, but hey, that means I get the place mostly to myself. If you're tired of the usual NoLibs brunch spots (and we all know what those are), definitely give this place a try.
Bourbon and branch is the perfect neighborhood restaurant that serves some of the best food and drinks in the area. 

What sets them apart is their wide ranging menu. They have excellent vegan courses which are both healthy and delicious. They have a great variety of pastas and entrees, which are extremely tasty. They have classic American bar fare/comfort food such as burgers, wings and tacos which are also very good!

I've eaten here a few times and I've never had a bad meal. On top of that, the service has always been stellar whether at the bar, at a table, or outside!
Bourbon and Branch was on my list of places to try.  I felt adventurous and decided to take a ride to Northern Liberties and check it out.
It's on a busy street with on street parking. I lucked up and got a good parking space. 
The hostess was very nice and seated us right away.
For some reason it was not what I had expected. I guess I didn't read enough reviews. It was very noisy and busy.
More of a bar atmosphere than restaurant. There was a lot going on, but we were waited on quickly and the waiter was great! Helping me and my daughters decide what was good. 
They have a great menu that caters to the Vegan and Carnivore appetite.  We started off with the mac and chesse and the vegan wings for a appetizer.  The mac and cheese was delicious,  nice and creamy. Taste like real cheese. The wings were pretty good, just too salty. 
For a entree, one daughter got the real Chicken Parm w/ linguine, it was very good. The portion was big enough for 2 meals.
My other daughter is Vegan and she got the Chik and Waffles . That also was good w/ no complaints. 
Even though I'm not Vegan, I decided on a Specialty Pizza called Adams Autumn Apple Pizza w/ carmelized onions and granny Smith apples. It was absolutely delicious.  All the flavors were mild and creamy and it had a nice crispy crust. A definite good choice!
The food would be the only reason I would go back though. I like a more quite place, without the hustle bustle of crowds.  My daughters enjoyed the atmosphere better than me. Must be getting old :(
They have weekly entertainment,  happy hour specials too.
One last thing though, they have a big deer head hanging on the back wall that my Vegan daughter found most offensive !
I visited this location when it was "Liberities" and I wasn't impressed.  When Bourbon & Branch arrived - stopped in for Happy Hour and I liked the vibe.  I cam back recently to try the food and was impressed.  I had the Asian Wings,  Beer mac and cheese and friends had burgers.  We all were pleased with the quality of food and beer selection.  After speaking with the bartender, looks like they have a comedy night and it's getting popular nice venue for local acts.  

Politeness/Professionalism=Great
Food=Good
Service=Wait time on food could improve.
Drinks=Consistently Good
This spot has turned into one of my favorites in philly so far. My meal was so delicious, as well as was my two friends. The entire place just has an overall feeling of uniqueness. I see them posting on Instagram of their new specials for the week, and they are always homemade and super exotic. My key lime eggs Benedict was so good! On top of the delicious food it never fails to have great service. On a final note this place is definitely doing something right because I cannot wait to go back soon.
your standard brunch place. has pretty good options for food.  i ordered the classic breakfast with was 2 eggs your way with hash + biscuit and extra $3 to add a breakfast meat.  my friend ordered the huevos rancheros and the portions were large! 

im from the south, so my expectations for brunchgoals are high (memphis makes the best biscuits and potato hash yall, seriously) so comparatively it wasn't bad. a good alternative when you're up here above the mason dixon line. what was pretty good though was the TURKEY BACON!! I haven't had that good turkey bacon in ages. Definitely highly recommend the breakfast turkey bacon as your meat. 

pretty dark and dim area (its like a gastropub / bar type of space) with limited seating on a weekend brunch day. even for a rainy sunday around 1PM, it was hard to find seating so we ended up eating at the bar. PROTIP: if you order food at the bar, she no longer can re-seat you at a normal seat. which was fine for us because the big screen was showing the football game.
I ordered the smoked trout Benedict with potatoes and it was the worst Benedict I have ever had.  In my lifetime I have enjoyed Benedict dishes in seven U.S. states from the west coast to the east coast and Bourbon & Branch managed to really ruin a potential good meal.  The potatoes were hard as a rock, they seemed as though they had been sitting out for three days.  The trout was over-salted, the sauce had no flavor and the bread (not English muffin) was horrible.  The eggs were under-cooked and also over-salted.

I then tried my friend's hummus and pita, also quite bad.  The pita bread was wet (with water) and the hummus was flavorless AND over-salted.  I am able to prepare better hummus and pita whilst in a coma.

My husband ordered the chicken and biscuits, the bacon n'beer mac and the branch brined wings.  ALL were over-salted.  The "food" was not edible.

Burbon and Branch is apparently for people who are too drunk to notice (or care) if they have been served proper food or not.  PATHETIC.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon at 12:30 on the dot and there were a lot of people but it wasn't too packed. It was perfect, and their 2 seater booths are so cute.

What I like most about B&B is that they offer many vegetarian & vegan options. While these options are much easier to find in restaurants nowadays, it's still very much appreciated. We've come a long way 10 years ago vs. now. 

First off, we ordered a pitcher of mimosas. They have 3 other flavors aside from the standard orange, but the waitress said the orange is still the best but with a hint of cranberry. So, thats what we ordered. I also ordered Pimento Mac & Cheese as my entree which was delicious but it was a bit runny. I was expecting it to be like baked mac & cheese and it wasn't. It was also a teeny bit bland (needed salt and pepper), but I'm not complaining. I was stuffed by the end of the meal. All in all, a great brunch & I definitely recommend!
Their brunch is so so good!!! Not sure which is better - the shrimp & grits or the chicken & biscuit, but you can't go wrong with either of those. 

It's normally one of my go-to spots for brunch, mainly for their delish food and bottomless mimosas - plus there's usually not much of a wait to be seated for brunch. Downside is that parking can be tough if you're not within walking distance.  

Since restrictions on gatherings / businesses have been in effect due to current circumstances, I ordered brunch for takeout just this last week. Everything was fresh and gravies/ sauces were packaged separately so that the breading wouldn't be soggy by the time I got it home.  Glad to have the option for takeout right now - and can't wait to be able to get back to sitting in for brunch!
The vegan chicken and waffles are so insanely good! I came here for a private event and loved it! Their space upstairs is very open and cozy. 

The amount of vegan options on their menu was also astounding! It was so difficult to pick out what I wanted to eat. I finally settled on the vegan chicken and waffles, thank god I did. The waffle is vanilla-y and sweet while the vegan chicken is salty, savory, and comforting! I loved the blueberry syrup served with it too. I will definitely order it again!
I was here last year so this review is coming a bit late.  We stopped in at Bourbon & Branch for a quick drink and a snack. 

Food (Cajun boudin sausage) was okay though nothing great.

Service was a bit on the slow side.

Atmosphere is good -- it's a cool place to sit and have a drink.
We just came for drinks on a Sunday morning -- little did we know there's a $15 bottomless mimosas & bloody Mary's special for brunch weekends but this didn't start until 2pm if I'm correct. (Good to know for next time)

Love sitting at the bar. The bartenders are lovely. Great brunch cocktails. The Mac and Cheese coming out that everyone was getting looked INSANE.

Super easy spot on the weekends usually not too much of an issue with lines for brunch. Cozy and perfect spot for the winter!

Aperol Spritzs
Came to bourbon and brand for brunch and was not disappointed! 

Ambiance - it's funky inside, and has outdoor seating as well. Plenty of tables and booths and a large bar. 

Food- the chicken and waffles with pickled jalapeño and blueberries was unreal. Such a great flavor combo that you won't find elsewhere. The Huevos rancheros are delicious, bursting with flavor. The standard eggs benny was simple and done extremely well, and the Dutch baby pancake is sweet, delicious, and has a perfect texture. Don't skip out on the Bloody Mary either- get it with bacon! 

Service- top notch. Everyone was friendly, polite, prompt, and professional. 

I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this as a new brunch spot to throw into your weekend rotation!
5 stars for vegan fare!  Vegan nachos, vegan cheesesteak, vegan buffalo wings.  So super impressed with this place!  I went with girlfriends on a Saturday night and did not have a hard time getting a table.  The crowd was friendly and the seating is comfortable.  The bar seems elaborate and the beer menu is extensive.  Service was fantastic.  The vegan buffalo wings are out of this world.  My compliments to the chef.  Philadelphia is lucky to have such a progressive restaurant in its presence.  Would absolutely return.
I cannot believe it took us 2.5 years to finally come to this cute neighborhood gem! Very disappointed that it took that long, actually. 

We were too lazy to cook so wanted to go somewhere nearby that wasn't one of our usual spots - so we decided to check out Bourbon & Branch and give it a try. We were not disappointed. 

They have a solid happy hour - $5 for an old fashioned that was actually pretty tasty? I was shocked. You could also get a half of a tasty Pizza Gutt cheese pizza for a small fee. We had to try that even though we had our sights set on other menu items, too. The mozzarella sticks are tasty, well-breaded, and the marinara dipping sauce is yummy (Pizza Gutt sauce). I loved my smash burger and the fries were tasty - nice and crisp, too. The hubby got the chicken sando and it was well-breaded, I think southern style. 

The value for your money here is shocking. I felt like they could definitely be charging more, especially with some pretty great service. The staff couldn't have been nicer and more attentive even though they definitely got busier over the course of our visit. 

We will definitely be back!
My best friend has talked this place up and down for a few months now. Surely enough, she was right! I had the banh mi sandwich with pork belly, which was wonderful, and my boyfriend got the friend chicken sandwich. That sandwich was clearly the star of the menu! We got the wings as well which were very spicy and delicious. I particularly liked their blew cheese sauce.

The best thing about this place is the staff. They are all incredibly nice, helpful, and attentive to your needs. I definitely recommend it!
I have always ADORED this location and this building.  Even when it was Liberties, I have always found the interior absolutely gorgeous.  The bar, the floors, the walls, ceilings, lighting, fixtures - everything - this interior has always deserved better.

Better management, better clientele (a loyal one at that), a good menu, a good concept.   The whole time that B&B was Liberties, I came to the place only a handful of times.  The reason?  Not quite sure, except that I felt that for all the beauty the place had, it didn't have much of a heart or a personality, or that something that would make me want to come back.  In a neighborhood, filled with places that are neighborhood places with a loyal clientele and a certain je-ne-sais-quoi-, this place never seemed to get its footing or become the place that it could (should?) be.

Even now, I stil feel like B&B might be overzealous and overambitious in its approach. First, the menu is WAY too big - wayyy too many items on there. There are a bunch of sandwiches, home-y, comfort food, plates and pizzas, too?  That is way too much.  I understand the intent, a menu to please all palates and offer all things, but a menu can't always be everything to everyone, and when it does that, it will always fall short in its execution.   I always find the smaller the menu options, the better the kitchen, and usually the better the food.  The end.

I didn't experiment with the cocktails, although I wanted to, Michelle C. wisely steered me away.  I stuck to a whiskey as I thought I should, and the bartender suggested one for my bourbon/whiskey neophyte self.  The selection, even at a one ounce pour was expensive, but smooth and went down easy.  Lots of nice beers on tap too, which is a must in this neighborhood.  The food as expected wasn't bad, but it wasn't great and pretty boring too.

A pork belly bahn mi sliders were just okay, too much bread, or too little pork belly - and the big slice of jalapeno seemed to overwhelm the small sliders.  The portions for the big plates, are HUGE - massive really - totally generous, but really, I think, too big.  The shepherd pie was ho-hum, much like all others, except that there was one huge briney olive in the lamb stew mix (which I wasn't sure was intended or not) and the fish and chips was nice, flakey but both nothing to write home about.  

I find it promising that B&B is trying to find and create its own niche and with live music upstairs that might prove to be key - If the menu was revised to be smaller, more cohesive and more appealing I could be tempted to return and because I want businesses to succeed in my neighborhood, I will return - I just hope the whole place revisits its approach, menu and concept cocktails.  The place deserves it.
Full disclosure: the owner is a friend of mine.

And he loves what he does. That dedication and passion for accessible cuisine really shines through here. 

I've probably had a third of the menu here so far - stand outs are the mac and cheese (it's not a side - share it), the banh mi sliders, the pulled pork nachos, and the homemade parmesan truffle chips. The bang bang chicken is also pretty good - be warned, however, because even though I can eat a spoonful of ghost pepper sauce and still remain coherent, the bang bang chicken made me sweat for a good 20 minutes. It's not so much a super sharp heat (6 out of 10 with ghost pepper at 9 in my opinion), but it's a sustained one. Good, but if you're not a lover of heat, you might wanna stay away.

Also, tons of beers. Ithaca beers. I'm always a bit disappointed at how many craft bars don't have Ithaca beers available, But the last few times I've been here, they had both Cascazilla and Flower Power IPA. Delicious.

Also, 5 dollars for a pour of whiskey? Seriously? Get a designated driver, and try 5 of them. 

It's also a beautiful space. My kind of ambience. They also play a lot of funk, R&B, classic rock, and other selections in the dining area. Not a lot of places stray from Buddha Bar or top 40, so this was welcome change for me. Put on some James Brown and you've made my night.

Also, check out their shows and movie nights and the like throughout the week. I saw a band there last Saturday that was actually quite good. Alt rock, local band, you know the deal. I'm pissed that I forgot their name, but hey - I was 6 deep and still drinking when I got there. 

Check the place out.
I've passed this place a million times, as I live at the Piazza, but never thought to give it a try until tonight. I'd grown tired of our usual suspects, and decided to venture out. This place is awesome! Great ambience! Full bar! Great service! Excellent food!! What more could you ask for?
From its exterior, Bourbon & Branch seems like your typical neighborhood bar. But inside, it is so much more. With friendly service and great food, it's definitely a hidden gem in the Northern Liberties area. I visited on a Sunday for brunch, right during prime brunch time, and still scored a few seats at the bar, where they serve their full food menu as well. My Bloody Maria was excellent; didn't taste premixed and came with an Old Bay seasoning rim which is honestly genius. I ordered the lumberjack scramble for my entree, which consisted of eggs scrambled with ham, chicken sausage, and bacon with a side of home fries and a biscuit with chicken sausage gravy. It was decadent and fluffy, and everything you want in a savory brunch entrée. When brunch hour slowly slipped into Sunday afternoon football, the TV switched to the Eagles game because boozy brunch and football go hand in hand. If you can hold out until 2 pm, they have a bottomless brunch with mimosas for $15 (2-4 pm), which is a steal!

Upstairs, Bourbon & Branch also hosts musical acts in its space. I've had a few friends who been and enjoyed the shows, so I'm hoping to check this part of the establishment soon!
I enjoyed this restaurant's brunch. They have a couple of tables for outdoor seating and then walking in it seemed like a typical bar. They do have bottomless but only from 2-4 on the weekend and it's strictly orange juice mimosas. Admittedly these aren't my favorite so we opted to get a carafe for $28 of a "flavored" mimosa. It was definitely worth it considering we each had several cups (2 people). The food itself was pretty good although it's hard to mess up a grilled cheese. I did think the fries were overly salty. And we ordered Mac & Cheese but after receiving our entrees it never came because our waitress messed up. I did enjoy the ambience of this place. It was a nice chill spot to enjoy a nice weekend brunch with some friends or family. I would definitely return to this restaurant for brunch.
This is by far the best lunch I have ever had in Philadelphia. I started to go down the street but per my friends choosing, we came here. #WIN!!!!! Kate our waitress was amazing. When I went to order, I asked her about my selection and she said "your making ALL the right choices" lol. Indeed #facts. The reuben sandwich was so thick and tasty. But the highlight was the oxtail fries. Life itself!!!! So juicy, so flavorful, soooooo delicious! If your coming to Philly, you better stop here or slap yourself for not doing it!
Wow. The food, atmosphere, and service here are all phenomenal. 

Let me start with my favorite part - the menu is pasted into children's books which is so cool! 
The atmosphere is hipsterish - dim lighting, great music, and laid back vibe. I went on a Sunday for brunch and it was not too crowded, easy to walk in and get seated without a wait. 

SO MUCH BETTER THAN GREEN EGGS in my opinion. 

After much deliberation between various items, I ordered the chicken and waffles and in the words of DJ Tanner, OH MY LANTA. The seasoning on the chicken was beyond delicious (not dry at all, which is a complaint I often have about chicken) and the waffles were crisp and perfectly done. The syrup was not too rich and sweet and you could tell it was authentic, not the sugary thick store bought stuff. 

In addition, I have to say, I found the HOLY GRAIL of biscuits. These are not your small round KFC biscuits. They are HUGE, soft, mushy, delicious, amazing. I have been craving them every day since. They have cheddar bits baked inside and when you pull these freshly baked delights apart and take a bite, I guarantee a religious experience.

If you can't tell, I loved this place.

My only complaint -  Why haven't I been here before?!
Ordered from there today for brunch.  Warning! They don't do a socially distanced food drop off but I had to sign the receipt. So I went back to get my mask and had to sign the receipt, etc. and embarrassed because I was still wearing pajamas.   Delivery person was nice but it was awkward.

My chicken and waffle wasn't as good as usual either. This is what I usually order from Bourbon and Branch but it was soggy and the chicken wasn't as flavorful but I still ate it.  Curly fries were good. Yes, strange meal, but idc.
I was really disappointed in this place. I'm giving it a 2 because the food was decent and the staff tried to make it right after we had issues but truthfully I don't think I'll be returning. 

My boyfriend and I are both bigger people. The host sat us in a booth that my boyfriend couldn't comfortably sit in - no big deal, we asked to move to a table and our waitress switched us with no problem. However the host came over and saw our waitress moving some tables around (a big party was going to be seated near us) and that we were being moved and he seemed to be rolling his eyes/giving us dirty looks. I thought it might've just been frustration with the situation since they were busy and the place was pretty packed. Because it's crowded inside, there was room for only one person at a time to walk in the aisle between us and the booths against the wall. This was true for the table next to us as well, so it wasn't because we were specifically in the way. Despite this, the host seemed to over exaggerate the process of walking by my boyfriend - sighing, rolling his eyes, dramatically gesturing to the other staff about who should go first. None of the other staff acted this way. Again, I still thought to myself that it might just be frustration with how busy it was so I chalked it up to that. However, the host ended up seating another couple at our table which was weird. We were primarily using a 2 top, but another 2 top was pushed against ours. We thought it was going to be added to the big party so we weren't using it, we had just moved it against ours so that other people could get through the tables to the booths - again this place is extremely crowded. But it was a little  awkward having this couple just plopped right against us, basically at our table. We said hi and said we wouldn't be offended if they wanted to scoot the table over a bit once the woman had gotten through the gap to the booth. They said they were ok, and started to look at the menu. My boyfriend and I are pretty laid back so we were fine with it too and continued our conversation. Next thing I know the host comes over and starts "whispering" to the couple about being uncomfortable and is giving us looks again. They said they were ok but the host insists they move to a different table, so they do. At this point I couldn't help but feeling the host was the one who was actually uncomfortable with our presence. Our waitress saw this happen and came over immediately to apologize. Honestly not sure if she was apologizing for the awkward seating arrangements or for him rudely insisting they move away from us to be more comfortable but either way I appreciated it. She ended up comping one of the items on our bill which was nice. As we were leaving the manager (?) also rushed out to apologize to us. They were both very sweet but honestly I was still upset about the treatment from the host. It's too bad because we specifically sought this place out and traveled 45 minutes from Wilmington because my boyfriend is a big fan of bourbon and he wanted to check out the selection. We were on our way to an event so we weren't planning to drink much this time but it's not uncommon for him to spend a couple hundred in a night on pours of some of the higher end stuff. I just can't justify dropping $300 at a place that makes us feel unwelcome, even if it's just some of the staff.
I stumbled into this place while looking for a different vegan restaurant in Philly and we were not disappointed!! We originally assumed B&B would only have some bar food kind of options. We were ashamed of assuming this shortly after. 

The drinks were okay. I had a type of spicy margarita. I can't remember the name but got the cheesesteak with shredded seitan and it was sooooooo so good. The seitan was juicy delicious. 

Will definitely be back!
Nice beer list with decent prices. Bartenders were all great tko. Have never tried the food so I cannot comment.
I had the opportunity to try Bourbon and Branch for brunch this past weekend. I wanted a restaurant that took reservations since the brunch wait can be sort of ridiculous in NoLibs. When I called to make a reservation I was told that they only take them for parties of 6 or more, but that I shouldn't have a long wait for brunch. I was a little skeptical, but when I arrived, I was seated immediately. I was pleasantly surprised, and doubly pleased that they sat me despite the fact that my two friends weren't there yet. I know some restaurants want your entire party to be present before they seat you, so I was thankful that I could sit down and start perusing the menu while waiting for my friends.

I have to say that the wait staff here were all SO DAMN NICE! The hostess was chatting me up about their lemon ricotta pancakes, and our waitress was super accommodating of our indecisiveness. 

Ultimately I decided to start with the spicy bloody Mary. When it came out I saw that the glass was rimmed with Old Bay! It came with a lemon, a lime, an olive, celery, and bacon on it. It truly was one of the best bloody Mary's that I've ever had at a brunch, and my friend also agreed. It wasn't too thick or too thin, and was just perfectly balanced, flavor-wise.

I also ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes for my breakfast and they were delicious. Slightly crispy on the outside, soft and fluffy inside.

My friends and I loved this place. I don't know why Green Eggs Cafe, Honeys, and Sabrina's are always the places that have extreme wait-times for brunch. This joint was excellent! I'll definitely return, and I'll be laughing at all the suckers wasting time waiting for a table at some other brunch place.
I never leave reviews... I've been to practically all the vegan restaurants in Philly and this is definitely in the Top 5. So many options! Friendly staff! Just lovely.
Ordered the vegan pesto pizza coz I was craving for it.. it was good very creamy although it was a bit oily on the crust...I was expecting more vegan cheese like how it looks in other pics...   wanted some vegan bolognese but they serve it after 3.. so I  had vegan Mediterranean salad instead small serving for $14.. no reservation and no wait... waiters were nice.. the sandwiches were reasonably priced
Came here for breakfast, we enjoyed the experience.  The food and service was great, relaxing atmosphere.  Allen, our server, was very nice and provided great service. 
We had the shrimp & grits that came with a delicious biscuit and eggs; easily 3 meals fro. That...leftovers anyone..lol. we also had the Bourbon breakfast,  got the chicken sausage,  another yummy.. the biscuits with the honey butter is sooo good. I look forward to visiting again.
We had the absolute time of our lives this weekend at Drag Your A** to Brunch.  Starting with working with Larissa, who was beyond accommodating to our large group of birthday nurses, to helping us coordinate last minute changes, to making sure we had everything we needed at brunch, Larissa is a true pleasure to work with.  

The brunch was phenomenal.  Our bartender was amazing, and the food was delicious. The show absolutely exceeded our every expectation.  We laughed our a**es off, twerked like crazy, and were amazed by everyone's talents.  This was a Sunday for the books, and these nurses will certainly be back!
This place was good! We came for happy hour and ended up staying to check out the live music performance upstairs afterward. I like the vibe of this place! It's got a worn-feeling to it - all of the chairs and tables are imperfect and look like they've been around for a while!

The happy hour deal is decent - $5 old fashioneds and whiskey sours. I will say though, my second whiskey sour was more sour than whiskey, so I felt like they were skimping us toward the end. For a Thursday night, I didn't think this place was very crowded but for some reason our waitress was hard to find and pretty inattentive (don't get me wrong she was nice she was just very aloof the whole night). I wish we had ordered some of the food because everything that came out of the kitchen looked bomb dot com but we decided to go somewhere else for dinner. I would have given this place 4 stars if it wasn't for the service! I could see myself coming back but with the hopes that the service was a little better.
Great bar in a awesome neighborhood. Food was tastey and something that reminded you of home. Service was attentive and superb! I'll definitely visit again soon.
I absolutely loved my inaugural visit to Bourbon and Branch. There was no wait at dinner time on a Friday night which was a great start to the experience. The interior, though a bit cramped, was pleasant and relatively comfortable. The children's books/drink menus was a great touch and made me feel very nostalgic as the book we were given was actually one I had as a child!

Our server, Richie, was very pleasant and checked in on us just enough throughout the time we spent at our table. He had a fun sense of humor and seemed to genuinely enjoy his job (either that or he was awesome at faking it). I ordered the 4 piece fried chicken and was obsessed with it. Not too greasy, not too dry and the breading had a great taste and texture. The Mac and cheese side was out of control! If I had any room left I would have ordered more. 

Overall this was a wonderful experience and I can't wait for the next visit!
THEIR MAC AND CHEESE IS TO DIE FOR. 

Shout-out to this restaurant and their employees for bearing with my reservation. I made a reservation originally for 7pm. I called and changed the reservation to 8:30 then 9:30- honestly I think someone called and changed it again to 10:30 I cant even remember. Not once did they give an issue and when we showed up the table was ready. Furthermore, we showed up with 7 people instead of 10 and they gave no issues. Our waitress was great as well. 

I ordered their fried chicken dinner plate and it was absolutely delicious. It comes with 4 large pieces of chicken, so if you aren't that hungry most definitely share. This place also offers vegan options which I loved. Everyone ordered a variety of food and there were no complaints. Between the lemon hummus, mushroom nachos, fish and chips, etc.- everything was well cooked and flavored. 

I would absolutely recommend and go back to try other things. ESP for the mac and cheese.
Honestly I never set foot in this place when it was the old Liberties bar and I was happy to hear that it was changing over to Bourbon & Branch.  

Ambiance: The decor is nice and dark with beautiful old woodwork & a (gas) fireplace. Everyone on staff, from the host who greets you at the door to our server was friendly and welcoming. Drinks came out quickly and the food was well timed. 

Drinks: good cocktail list, delicious & well made whiskey sour.  The drink menus are written out in old library books which looks really cool but is kind of a pain to have taking up space on your table.  They have a lot of beers on tap, but no beer list just yet (the server had them written down for herself & let us take a look at her list).  Also no written scotch/whiskey/bourbon list which would be helpful.

Food: the fried pickles with honey mustard sauce were tasty.  I thought the seitan cheesesteak was a bit too heavy & salty.  The first few bites were good but then it just became overly filling and too heavy & salty to finish. I thought it was funny that the price of the seitan cheesesteak is $10.666. They get points for a witty menu.

Great to have this new addition to the neighborhood, but a few things still need to be worked out. I'm sure I'll be returning.
Had a quick brunch here before the Roots Picnic since Green Eggs Cafe had a 30+ minute wait.  What an excellent choice!  Their brunch menu was quite abundant, I was impressed!  The cocktail menu was also abundant, it really broke down the price of every individual liquor.  The best thing about the menu was that it was the book of human evolution... and the liquor options were just randomly posted on each page.  It had me cracking up!  I had a mimosa & the "special", which was a shot of some whiskey & a delicious beer (and I do NOT like beer at all).  For food, I had the Lemon Ricotta pancakes, which were HUGE and also delicious.  I enjoyed everything I had, and it came quickly.  The staff was also extremely nice and attentive.  I will go back if I am in the area!
Heard there was a new chef, and since I live in the area I figured I'll give this place a 2nd chance!

Came here with some friends on a Friday night and we were seated (last table!). We started with the pickled vegetables which I really enjoyed! I got a jalapeno margarita which was a bad idea (it was really spicy, so for those of you who enjoy a spicy drink this is for you) but that was my mistake! my friend got it without the jalapenos which was delicious

i got the "bang bang chicken" tacos. when i hear "bang bang" i think of little fried pieces of chicken in some type of sauce... i was wrong. they were blackened pieces of chicken and very salty. i was not a fan.

my boyfriend got the fried chicken platter which was amazing! totally regret not going that direction. 

overall, food was 3/5, service was 5/5.
Large party, some of us very picky, and they really bent over backwards to please all of us. Everything I've tried over four separate visits has been fantastic.
Having never heard of Bourbon & Branch (since it's still new and all), I was excited to check it out on a rainy Friday.  Before we headed upstairs to the tiny music venue, we decided to get some dinner and drinks.  It wasn't packed for a Friday night and we were able to get a table for six easily, which was awesome.

Quick blurb on the architecture of this venue:  It is awesome.  I'm not even sure how to describe it, but when you're in there, make sure you turn your eyes upward to check out all of the cool details.

As others have mentioned, the drink menu is inserted into old children's books.  It's a little creepy in ways, but an interesting touch that I haven't seen anywhere else.  Kudos for being creative!  I started with the Irish Jolly, which was awesome.  I really liked the flavor of the black berries with the Jameson.  After that, I moved on to the Dark & Stormy - pretty standard, really delicious.

Note:  Bourbon & Branch has FIVE $5 city wide specials.  If I wasn't driving that night, I would have had one of each.  I love when bars do this.

For appetizers, we split the Irish Nachos and the Fried Pickles.  The Irish Nachos were loaded up with bacon and beer cheddar cheese sauce, which was delicious.  As  personal preference, I could have done without the "Irish" part of the Irish Nachos (the kettle chips), but that's just me.  (Give me nachos; give me fries!  You can keep the chips.)  The fried pickles were pretty good.  They were perfectly fried, not too salty, and accompanied by a honey mustard sauce.  I would probably order those again.

For dinner, I went with the wild mushroom pie.  (For those that don't know, the "pies" are pizzas.  Some at my table thought they were actual pies, so it was a bit of a surprise when we got our orders.)  The pizza was delicious - piled high with sauteed mushrooms and bacon.  It was a touch on the salty side, but it was so good that it didn't matter.  I didn't get much of the truffle oil taste, which was a little disappointing.  All-in-all, I would order it again.  

I got to taste a few of the other entrees (the bang bang chicken, pulled pork chicken, and the fish tacos), but the fish tacos were a clear winner in my book.  The fish (I believe it was basa or tilapia) was cooked perfectly and the sriracha aioli gave it a real kick in the tastebuds.  I loved them!

We also had dessert...because why not?  The Guinness Float was not my cup of tea.  It was thick in a weird way.  I guess I was expecting something like a car bomb, but instead got a soupy Guinness with a root beer aftertaste and too much whipped cream.  No thanks!  The whiskey brownie had potential, but the actual brownie was hard in texture.  Really wish this would have been warmed beforehand.   But having those be my two major complaints really isn't bad at all.  

The service was decent, drinks were awesome, and food was pretty good.  I would definitely come back to Bourbon & Branch in the future!
Fish tacos stink- 2 tacos, no toppings, soggy fries.

grilled cheese comes on rye- all crust.

Chicken sandwich- thinnest meat in existence, all bun, don't bother 

Its dark as hell in here. They caught me on a nice day which is why they're getting 2 stars instead of 1.
This saddens me a bit, but Bourbon & Branch has revamped their menu and sadly, the new one does not live up to the glory of the former one in my opinion. To start, they got rid of the big fluffy biscuits with the tomato jam :(. I think you can still order a regular biscuit but its not the same.

The worst part was the chicken and waffles changes. The waffles are now totally different and kinda bland/plain/characterless (relative to the yummy ones before) and while they still taste good, they're basically equivalent to my daily Ego breakfast. The syrup is thinner and an the butter is just regular butter instead of the delicious savory one they had before. The chicken still tastes good and I would still recommend this dish, but with this and all the other changes, it just doesn't live up to what it was (in my opinion). I think some other items have been removed from the menu as well (which was reprinted to look way more standard and less authentic/cool compared to the old menus). 

Servers are still friendly and there is never a line on the weekends for brunch so still might be a better option than shivering waiting outside for Green Eggs but I felt obligated to inform the masses! And perhaps convince them to go back to the old chicken and waffles that I ate at least twice a month :)
Pretty cool vibe and a more than decent wine pour, but the cocktails are wack. Old-fashioneds, margaritas, and martinis all failed the tasty test.

Shows upstairs are in a nice, clean area and the location is clutch if you're just looking for a drink after dinner. Otherwise, I'd pass.
Excellent brunch! Ordered the chicken tenders and they came out piping hot! They do have bottomless mimosas for $35 and it's worth it! My glass has not gone empty. Please ask for Cara, she it the best!
Wow, what a great find! Wifey and I stopped in for a drink one day while walking aroudn the shops in the area. The bar is decorated with tons of old wood, pews from a church and a great wood bar. The drink I had was fantastic, albeit I don't remember the name. Definitely a craft cocktail type of place, but you get what you pay for. I'll for sure be back to drink!
I will admit, it would be difficult to be a worse bar/restaurant than than Liberties (which formerly occupied the place) but Bourbon and Branch is a very welcome addition to the neighborhood. We went for brunch on Sunday and the menu is great, tons of sandwiches, egg dishes, soups and salads.  I had the smoked pastrami and it was amazing.  My BF had the lamb burger and was very impressed.  This is a great casual spot for dinner or brunch and very reasonably priced.  We will definitely be returning.  I've heard they're looking into live music Thurs-Sat which is also a nice addition to the NoLibs scene. 

The decor/ambiance is exactly the same as Liberties and could use a little bit of updating.  it's super dark and a little musty and the 50's/60's music was a bit odd, but the food is really great and the beer selection is impressive.  The staff was very friendly and service was prompt.  I think this place might have some staying power in the neighborhood if they spruce up the inside a little bit.
I just moved to the neighborhood and went here a couple times for dinner and lunch. Their burgers hit the spot (like when you're craving a nice thick juicy burger). Chicken & waffles was good, as well. It came with a bleu cheese type sauce and another gravy type sauce; both complemented the chicken. They also have live karaoke on wednesday nights and bands perform on the second floor (never been but would like to try). It sort of feels like you're in a dark, antique house or something, but the decor gives this place character & it's a good atmosphere for conversations with an old friend. Servers are nice.
Typically this was my favorite place for brunch. Anytime friends visit me - I'm adamant about coming here. After this visit I can say I won't be back. The level of service we received was mediocre at best. I was also watching a short video clip on my phone and the server (who wasn't my own) tapped our table and said "do you mind turning that down?" Actually it wasn't that loud considering a DJ is playing music. Then he proceeds to make a "snide" comment to the table he was serving, "I can't even remember what I was going to say." Lastly, I ventured out of my normal routine and had the pork belly - didn't enjoy at all. Its been real BB - can't say I'll ever "darken your doorstep again." Wouldn't want to distract your clients from the horrible service and poor attitudes of waitstaff.
I'm at a loss for words. Perhaps this is due to the relaxing vibes I am currently riding after my scrumptious meal at bourbon and branch.

On a Thursday night the place is hopping yet the waiting staff is attentive knowing when to clear your plate, sometimes even before you do.

The place is known for their whisky menu cleverly contained in a children book. But I was impressed with their precise supper food. I Had to look up what I was ordering. I don't want to order something that I could make at home though. This place offers a complete nighttime delight from tunes to booze and back again.
Nice, relaxed atmosphere. There is a pretty fun concert space upstairs, a bar/restaurant area downstairs and an outside seating area. 

Unfortunately, the drinks here are TERRIBLE. I ordered a cucumber, basil, kiwi, vodka drink, but what I got was a glass of lukewarm vodka with a lifeless piece of cucumber floating in it. One of my friends had to ask for a new drink because hers was so overwhelmingly sweet. The bartenders are not very attentive, but our waitress was sweet and pretty accommodating. 

I wouldn't come back here - there are a lot of similar cocktail lounges and bars in Philadelphia that offer better drinks.
I'll keep it short and sweet - great food, but consistently worst service in Philly. Everyone knows it, too. I know a dozen people who go there weekly as their neighborhood bar and even they are exasperated by how consistently awful the service is. Good luck getting acknowledged, greeted, served, offered water, given a menu, getting checked up on. It's never excessively busy - they just don't seem to know how a bartender/server is supposed to treat customers. Really, this spot would be amazing if it ever got any people behind the counter who gave a damn about what they were doing.
Went tonight with a group of about 6 people for happy hour. We were very happy to hear that Tuesday is in fact Boozeday, which means happy hour specials until 11! Half price drafts, $5 whiskey cocktails (not as good of it sounds), and $5 snacks (not a great deal either). On their drinks menu, they have a section call "whiskey cocktails," but these are not $5 (they range from 9-12), it's only a specific happy hour whiskey lemonade cocktail that is $5. Our party found this to be a very misleading promotion, but the server did explain this clearly when we asked. Also, all of the snacks are already listed at $5-7, so there's not much of a discount there. The good draft beer selection, which are already reasonably priced is clearly the best deal. 

The cocktails were generally well made and tasty. They ranges from $7-13, which is a generally fair price for drinks that often contain higher end ingredients like fruit juices, Luxardo Maraschino, Bulleit Rye, etc. I ordered a Hemingway, their take on the classic Hemingway daquiri, which had rum, grapefruit, lime, simple, and Maraschino liqueur was a bit bland and watery. The classic Hemingway has a double shot of rum--not that I necessarily expected this, but wanted a strong, sour, aggressive drink was what I expected for a drink named after the rugged Hemingway. The other cocktails our table ordered: old fashioned, Manhattan variant (with Pimms), and bourbon sour (with frothed egg white) where well made. Friends that ordered beer where very happy with the selection. 

Food was well priced, large portion sizes and generally at least above average in quality. We ordered and loved the fried pickles. The coating was substantial but not doughy and crisp without being greasy. The honey mustard was just sweet enough to balance the acidity of the pickle. For an entree I ordered the fried chicken. He chicken was brought to the table while still very hot and had a nicely crisp coating that almost shattered on contact but still hung on to skin. The meat was well salted, but I would have like some more spices like black pepper, chili pepper, paprika, garlic powder etc. The chicken came with Mac and cheese served in a large ramekin that was easy twice as much as I expected! The sauce was very creamy and the topping of melted cheese and crisp bacon crumbles was very tasty. My friends enjoy the burger (hell of a deal at $5), the Cobb salad, pulled pork sandwich, and seitan cheesesteak. However, the fries were disappointing limp and greasy. 

I thought the decor was understated, classic  bar decor (dark wood everywhere, quirky taxidermy) but also easily forgettable. I did like how they kept the original tile around the fireplace past the bar that spelled out "LIBERTIES," a nice nod to the bar that use to be B&B. Tables were nicely separated and chairs/booths were comfortable. 

Overall, I think the prices are more than competitive for most food and drink. Service was laidback and easygoing without being complacent. Food came out hot and tasty, drinks cold and refreshing. I just had some minor complaints about the food and drinks but overall had a very good experience. Not worth making long trip from West Philly just tot come here, but it would be a great local bar to hang out at, especially on Tuesday for the Boozeday happy hour
My girlfriend, cousin and I came here for restaurant week because the menu sounded promising. I mean who doesn't love downtown southern food right? 

We arrived right around 8pm and the restaurant was completely empty inside. It was a typical bar look inside with wooden booths and dim lights. We chose to sit outside since our was a nice night. We sat for about 20 minutes before somebody came to take our drink order. This should have been the indication of how slow service would be smh

For appetizers I ordered the shrimp and anchovy toast which the toast was burnt but the shrimp had a decent flavor. My friend ordered the country pate which was bland and not enough bread for the pate. My cousin ordered the biscuits and gravy which was the only good tasting thing. 

For our entrees, I ordered the shrimp gumbo which was decent in flavor but needed more spices. My friend ordered the country fried chicken which was crispy but flavorless. My cousin ordered the braised beef short ribs which were very salty. We were far from impressed. 

For dessert I took the recommendation of the server and ordered the whiskey brownie a la mode. The brownie was stale and so hard. I could have gotten a better brownie premade from the grocery store. 

So the slow service with the mediocre food will cause us not to come back to this place. It's sad considering the food description had so much potential.
The food is always delicious here. We've come here a few times for dinner and tried brunch for the first time today. The service is always a little slow... Taking away a star for me. It's a smaller space with a cute atmosphere. Drink menus are in cute old kids books. 

Brunch -- My party got the confit pork belly and eggs, cinnamon roll pancakes, corned beef hash and eggs, and the huevos. The confit pork belly and eggs was good but not quite what I expected, I wouldn't order it again. The corned beef on the other hand was out of this world. Very salty and has a kick but not in a bad way. My friend said that the huevos were delicious. The pancakes were out of this world. The cinnamon and sugar on top was a crunchy caramelized texture that really added to the pancakes. Loved them 
Also side note. The biscuits were good but not nearly as delicious as other reviewers claimed (at least in my book!) 

Dinner -- their Mac and cheese is delicious. I make sure to always get a side no matter what I'm eating. 

Overall good food, good drinks, ok service.
Not bad whiskey bar.  Some interesting cocktails, though they were all a bit sweet for my taste.  I tried the Broken Chandelier (gin, St. Germain, cilantro, cucumber, simple sugar).  It was pretty good, though I think it would have been better with Hendrick's over Bombay and if there was a bit less simple syrup.  I think the other one that I tried was the Irish Jolly (Jameson, Snap ginger liqueur, fresh black berries, lime, ginger ale).  It wasn't my favorite, I don't think I liked the Snap liqueur). 

A pretty good list of beers available.  The couple that I tried I enjoyed more than the cocktails.  A long and interesting list of whiskey.  I think next time I will be just sticking to whiskey or rye with ice.  

I like the vibe here, it seemed to be busy, bustling, without being over crowded.
The service was fantastic, the bourbon selection was solid, but more than anything else: the Chicken, Biscuit & Sausage Gravy appetizer is worth the price of admission! All of their food has been excellent though. Great spot!
I recently moved to Northern Liberties and have been loving this food and drink spot! The ambiance resembles an old English pub with a modern twist. The food is tasty and the drink selections are great. I have also been here for happy hour and their food and drink specials are great deals. They have $5 margaritas or old fashioneds as well as $2 off drafts. They also have a $2 discount on any of their "shares" aka appetizers. I think I'll keep coming back here on a regular basis. I can't wait!
Drove by hungry and saw a "restaurant and bar" sign and decided to stop in. Needless to say, I am very glad we did. The food was beyond amazing. I had the fried chicken and Mac and cheese and she had the oxtail fries and spicy tuna nachos. Everything tastes great and fresh. Drinks were great also. Nice selection of cocktails and draft beer. Bourbon and Branch is definitely going on my list of go to places and very high up on it.
I checked out Bourbon & Branch for the first time last night, Friday night happy hour into evening. It was very busy but not unpleasantly packed.The cocktail menu is amazing. Their menu is pasted into pages of old children's books.The one I got was "What Is a Stranger and What Should I Do?" which was wonderfully creepy.  My bartender Kate was extremely friendly and knowledgeable.She started me with "The Hemingway" rum cocktail-it was sweet and refreshing. Because so many of the drinks sounded tantalizing on the menu I decided to switch it up to the "Branch Cosmo" for my next drink.It was such a refreshing change from the saccharine sweet that you have come to expect from your typical cosmo.Fresh cranberries and orange were muddled into the Tito's vodka.It was delicious.Both the Hemingway and the Cosmo were made with all fresh ingredients and were both balanced and stiff. They tasted the way a beautiful spring day feels.

There was a shift change and Brendon took over on bartending duties.I noticed it was still happy hour so I figured I would take advantage of the specials and order an Old Fashioned.It was easily the best Old Fashioned I had ever had in my life. I can definitely see myself going back to Bourbon & Branch for many many more of these.

The cocktail prices might have seemed a little expensive at first glance but they were all WELL worth the price.

By this time I realized I was pretty hungry so I decided to order some food.
The Irish nachos appetizer was awesome and more than affordably priced.It was ample enough for 3-4 people to eat. Since it was just me,there were PLENTY of leftovers.

I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu there.I had a really tough time deciding which thing to get,especially after seeing so many other patrons' food go by that looked simply amazing.
Drink are nice.  Their live show was great.  Vegan cheese steak was so good my friend and I shared it and they eat meat but they love it. The chips on the side was good as well. Friendly staff and very helpful.
This place is great, a bit of a sleeper but I prefer it that way. I can alway get a table and the service is friendly and attentive. Prices are good and the menu is unique but not too complicated. 

Brunch is the best: the huevos ranchers in particular (altho my mind and stomach fight over the size of them) are awesome. The eggs are done perfectly, accented by the combo of the sour cream and cilantro on top; each layer is done perfectly. I've tried the pancakes, they're yum too but as I can't just have pancakes for brunch...I'm game to steal a bite or two from my bf.  

I have yet to check out the tunes upstairs but I loved the soul brunch. The music was perfect for sunday and not too loud so we could chat while we chowed. 

check it out, just don't steal my seat. 

p.s. the oxtail fries are also a must have.
This place is ridiculously good! From the fantastic selection of beverages to the mouth-watering choices of food!! Did I mention vegan and vegetarian options galore as well as so many tasty dishes for meat eaters too! I had the fish tacos tonight and they were dynamite! Best fish tacos I've ever had. I also really enjoy the "one hot sailor" hot cider beverage. The atmosphere is also so soothing and bartenders/wait staff are very welcoming and kind. Go here on your day off, you won't regret it!
Great upgrade to the spot that was there previous. It has a lot of wood and a nice ornate bar and alcohol display. Jukebox with some tunes. They have a couple of vegan options here. The tree hurger. --not a typo. Was a really good house made veggie burger, you can order it vegan cheese or with goat cheese, it has crispy onions, tomato, and lettuce. Legit. The truffle chips that come with the sandwiches have parmesan on them so I opted for a side of fries as well as the chips minus the cheese. Both were on point. My girl got the Seitan Cheese steak. Really good, well seasoned seitan chunks, mushrooms, crispy onions, and cherry tomatoes, FIRE!! Would like a vegan mayo, but that's just me. My girl loved it as is. They have a nice draft selection, and great bourbons. If your into Key lime pie, this place makes it perfect.
I'm new to the area, and I ordered delivery and also ate Brunch at Bourban & Branch based on other Yelp Reviews.  I cannot agree more with the positive reviews of this restaurant.  My delivery order arrived much faster than expected, and my burger was delicious!  But I was truly impressed after having Sunday brunch here recently.  I had the french toast with a side of scrambled eggs.  Not only was my meal wonderful, but the atmosphere is great.  The restaurant has great decor and great music during brunch.  Overall, a very relaxed environment, and great food!  I will absolutely brunch here again, and I look forward to trying the dinner menu.  My only complaint is that the Bloody Mary's could use more flavor.  You can tell the Bloody Mary is made from a mix, and they don't use enough horseradish or spice for my taste.  But the mimosas were good!  I'm not sure if they offer pitchers during brunch, which would have been nice given that we had a few drinks with our meal, and this increased our bill significantly.  I would love a bottomless or pitcher option for Bloody Mary's or Mimosas at brunch.
The Bourbon & Branch is awesome... what more do I need to say? 

It starts with a great tap list - and prices - and continues on to the food. The fried pickles were excellent - the oil was fresh (As a high school job I worked in food service, so I can tell) and the breading on the pickle was perfectly crisp and tasty. We got the Fried Chicken and Spring Greens salad and I was blown away - everything was excellent from the mushrooms and fried chicken to the honey-mustard dressing. 

The decor and setting is great and the bartenders were super friendly and attentive. I highly recommend it!
Me and one of my BFF's went to a movie premiere on a Wednesday night downtown. Afterward we opted for dinner. She told me she had been to Bourbon&Branch for wings and fries and they were pretty good so I looked up their menu online. They had some pretty eclectic items listed as dishes and they had lots of "homemade/house prepared" choices, right down to the ice cream! Their drink menu was not only extensive but it was also adorable....it was made using a children's book circa 1978. They even left some of the original pages inside for you to entertain yourself with while you flip through it. Our waitress Sarah was awesome and attentive. Our drinks came right away and we waited just the right amount of time before our food got to the table. I ordered a burger ($5) with cheese, fried onion straws, avocado and pickles. All my toppings were super fresh and the burger was pretty big! My BFF had the Bang Bang Chicken Sandwich with chips and she said it was INSANELY delicious! Her sandwich was so burly that she had to take the second half home! It was a favorable experience for an impromptu dinner decision. I'm convinced that there's something really interesting going on in that kitchen over there....I just may write "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives" and drop a dime so I can get a camera crew back there and see what's going on! Lol.
We came here for brunch on a Saturday noon. We got seats immediately but waited for 1 and half hour to get the food. Food was just ok, definitely not worth waiting. We doubt we'll come back again
Bourbon and Branch exudes class.  This classy joint offers a wide variety of whiskeys/whiskies, scotch, bourbons and the like at fair costs.  They also have a wide variety of drafts and bottle with several inexpensive local options as well.  The cocktail menus are in old library books which is certainly an interesting way of presenting the drink menu.  I thought this would be primarily a whiskey bar upon first glance, but the food menu offers many delicious options as well.  It is a wonderful atmosphere with knowledgeable and friendly service from the bartenders/servers.  A must visit when trolling through northern liberties.
Really unhappy with the food - the rainbow trout was super salty. It became more and more salty with each bite. Couldn't finish more than half of it. The shaved sprouts dish had more fried onions than sprouts. The roasted cauliflower in masala was ok. Overall weak sauce.
The service and atmosphere was fine, but the food was overall underwhelming and disappointing. After seeing such great reviews, much of the menu was definitely below expectation. For $18, I got six ribs that were smothered with a sauce that was primarily vinegar. For the same price, my boyfriend got a steak that seemed to be barely 5 or 6 oz. The macaroni seemed to be made with some sort of creamy, processed cheese, which wasn't terrible, but also wasn't up to par. The Belgian fries were mostly undercooked. For dessert my brownie was stale (?). The outside was very hard and crispy, and the inside was dry and grainy. 

On the upside, the chicken and biscuit platter was very good, as were the fried pickles and sweet potato fries (although the fries came with an out-of-place curry mustard). Our service was very good, and the atmosphere seemed fun. 

In summary, I might come back if I'm looking for a bar and possibly some snacks, but definitely not for dinner.
I was very optimistic going in, the menu looked amazing, the decor was unique and inviting and the staff was very friendly. However we were quite let down by the food. Our orders came out one item at a time, several minutes apart, and most of it was cold upon delivery. We asked that my pancakes be remade as they came out first and were completely cold, but then my girlfriends eggs and biscuit came out cold as well. She ate them anyway, because we didn't want to send another item back but was obviously disappointed by the quality. My second batch of pancakes were warm but completely burnt on the bottom :/ the cheese grits were great though!

Again the wait staff was GREAT, but we came for the food and it was massively disappointing.
Ordered a vegan salad and a rigatoni pasta, the salad was fine, the pasta with the vegan meat was undercooked hard and tasted pretty bad also not to mention it came with pesto which it was not disclosed on the menu, I can't have pesto/ basil  it gives me rashes... I took another shot, the restaurant took the plate back and I got a vegan chicken parm instead. 
That was OK not bad not good, I didn't finished the whole plate though, however as I was leaving the restaurant I started to feel SO bad that I had to run right after I paid for my food and threw up inside my car. 
I can't tell if it was the pesto or the vegan chicken parm or everything, 30 dollars later I'm still nauseous and with stomach ache.
The worst.
Go-to neighborhood haunt. Friendliest staff who make us feel at home, fantastic caring owners, best happy hour around, and great southern style pub grub.
Oh man. This place was awesome! The host who sat us was the owner or manager I think, and he checked in on us several times throughout the meal. That was really surprising, and great service. Our waiter was great too. Really friendly and chatty without being overbearing. It also helped that he's from Boston and was wearing Patriots socks (GO PATS!) so we would've loved him even if he was rude.

I had a delicious bourbon cocktail (I had to with the name) and B had beer. Our waters were refilled constantly, before they were even empty which is a HUGE win for me. 

B started with the deviled eggs which he liked but wasn't crazy about. He thought there was too much dill. I tried one and I disagree, but I love dill. For his meal, B had the chicken wings and those he did love. A little tangy, a little sweet, a little spicy - he was happy. 

All parties agree however that the real standout of the meal was my friend chicken. Wow, man. That had to be some of the best fried chicken I've ever had (and I'm not even in the South)! Plus it comes with a beer mac and cheese with bacon bits and scallions. I would have happily eaten just that for dinner. Keep doing what you're doing, B&B, you kick ass.

Long story short: ORDER THE FRIED CHICKEN!
INCREDIBLE. 
We came to Philly for the weekend and my fiancée is a really picky eater so after looking for a dinner spot we got a recommendation to come here from a friend. The menu has maybe 10 solid options for him, if not more.
The food is AMAZING. We came back for brunch and I am a huge breakfast person... this is one of the best brunch meals I have ever had in my life. My fiancée got the philly cheese steak and said it was amazing. I got the Bubba Benedict. Next time we come to Philly we will 100% be coming back.
Highly recommend!!!
Got delivery from here off of Uber eats. Got lunch and it came in about 40 minutes so it was fairly fast. We did order onion rings with one of our meals and they didn't give us them but gave us fries which the meal normally comes with so we got a refund of the money since it was $1 extra for the onion rings. 

Really delicious though and would definitely go to the actual restaurant next time for the full experience. Burger and fries were delivered hot and fries were crispy!
If we could give half it would probably be 3 1/2. Lots of good options for vegetarians/vegans. Seitan chicken were delicious, though heavy on breading. Braised short were a little wet but good. Vegan sausage sandwich was hardy, a little too oily
 Taco salad was good basic, would say same about stir fry. My wife and I found that My Moscow Mule was heavy on the ginger beer and light on the  vodka.  Martini was are prepared as was requested and very heavy on vermouth. Desserts were terrific, the banana fritters were great and the molten chocolate cake was pretty darn good too
Had to stop in since we're from San Francisco and we love the the speakeasy of the same name back home. This place is such a great find.  From the hip vibe to the 100+ whiskeys on stock this place is chill and the personalities are worth the visit. Righteous, the manager, was engaging, informative and really fun to sit at the bar with.  The craft cocktails are on point and when asked what the bottle in the glass case was he said it was gin that he makes a mean martini out of. Of course I had to try it and he made me a lavender honey gin martini from the bottle of Monkey 47.  Amazing!  Stop by if you're in Philly!
Loved it... my drink was amazing with lavender and black cardamom ... my hubbys drink was ok... she said they ran out of simple syrup and it wasn't drinkable.. so we combined them on our own.. we are easy going like that... the nachos were delish... good music .. cool people... no ego.. can't wait to check out the music upstairs next week!!
I went for brunch with a bunch with friends.  Everyone really enjoyed their food and the atmosphere. I had the mushroom quesadillas which were delicious.  There was jazz music.  The liquor menus are priceless!!
For bar food, it's top notch. The servers are all very genuine, and the live shows upstairs are put together better than most places in the area. 

Get ON it.
Was seated immediately on a Sunday at 12:30 which was a nice start. The staff was really friendly. The shrimp & grits were perfection. Definitely a must order. The watermelon mimosas are really good too. Would definitely recommend. The pancakes were very dry though :(
My boyfriend and I went twice.  The second time, we walked in and I immediately recognized it as the restaurant we had been to in Northern Liberties that had horrible food.  He said, "Let's give them one more try."  We immediately remembered why we didn't like the place the first time.  It's a shame because the servers are very nice and the guy that hosts quizzo is pretty funny, but the food just stinks.  We got wings - they came as a whole chicken wing with the drumstick connected to the wing... gross.  I felt like I was slaughtering a chicken.   We also got the pork nachos... the pork is inedible.  I love pork nachos; I get them quite frequently.  We couldn't eat these.   The black bean soup was the best thing we ordered, but it was luke warm. Also, they were out of all wheat beers.    

The first time we went to B&B, we ordered the fish tacos which were dry and fishy. The hot toddy I ordered was pretty disgusting.   

Really disappointing food experience both times we went.
Service here is incredibly rude, and the food and drinks are mediocre. For good southern barbecue, you're better off going to Khyber Pass Pub or Fette Sau where they'll also treat you with respect. Your belongings will probably be safer there, too. I forgot a jacket at Bourbon and Branch. My friends weren't sure it was mine so they left it with the bartender. When I called to ask for it the next day, I was put on hold for 10 minutes, had to call back, and then was told they didn't have it. I asked when the bartender from the night before would be working again (so I could check with him/her directly), and I was given a nasty attitude and told by this member of the staff that they couldn't possibly know when people work there! If you're going to lie to customers, lie better. 

What a nightmare. NEVER COMING BACK!
Food amazing and inventive. Had the fried chicken salad and it was great. Friend had the mushroom ravioli and I was jealous I hadn't ordered it. Now on to the staff. Friendly and knowledgeable. Food came out quickly ad terrific follow up. The ambiance was great with authentic period pieces and a cool vibe. Look forward to my next visit.
I recently started to drink a lot of whiskey and became interested in trying different whiskey bars. This is a pretty good one in Northern Liberties. They have a very good selection. I also came on a day when all whiskeys were half-off, which was great! I think what made this place even better was the bartender. She was super nice and she made great recommendations. Dark, moody feel to the entire place, perfect for a whiskey bar!
Ordered the Pork Belly Bahn Mi sandwich and it was not good - barely any veggies. Stars for the server manager apologizing and ensuring me the sandwich usually has more action - the sandwich was also taken off of the bill. I will definitely go back thanks to the service, great draft and cocktail list, and THE NACHOS.
Quick Review- Definitely try this unique and casual bar in northern liberties. One of those hidden gems buried in this area surrounded by plenty of mediocre but high priced places. Deals every day of the week (shout-out to the $2 taco Tuesday!) with a great atmosphere, good food and an excellent drink menu. 

In Depth Review

OVERALL- Great vibe, excellent spot!  Really tough competition with the other restaurants in this northern liberties area but I would definitely try it again in a heartbeat. Went here with my girlfriend - the two of us ate here on a Tuesday night @8pm.

ATMOSPHERE- The restaurant looks like it could be an old home. Very old-school decorations; chandelier, dim lighting, ceramic tiles, creaky staircase. There was live music when we went which was surprising for a Tuesday night. Seating was comfortable, not too loud of a place. Only 1 bathroom on the main floor , which may have been the only irritating part.

PRICE- The two of us were there for $2 taco Tuesday. Seemed to be a lot of specials at this bar which I liked to see. Not only specials but special events. I saw signs for a drag brunch, quizzo and beer yoga. They have thought of it all! One beer each and a belly full of tacos for two costed $32 before tip. Can't complain with that. Low prices for a place I wouldn't describe as a dive bar.

DRINKS- We both went with well known drafts. However there is a large drink menu so lot's of room to explore. I saw a few variations for low priced city wide specials if you're there on a night to drink.

FOOD- We ordered the three non-veg tacos (chicken, pork, fish). Would rank them in that order. They got the job done. Nothing fancy, just solid. Would definitely go back for this deal again. Prepared fast. I thought they would have a bunch of the meat pre-made so the meat would be a little old tasting but they were actually really good.

Bartender! I'll have another Bourbon (on branch)!
Haven't had food here yet, but the Irish Jolly was AMAZING (think Jameson and Ginger with blackberry). 

Bartenders are supercool too and make a stiff drink.  And the draft list has something for everyone.
