Hello.  My name is Steve.  I am an Italian food addict.  I've been an addict for about twenty years.  I can no longer deny it.  I am powerless over it, and my waistline threatens to become unmanageable because of it.

Ever since I noticed Branzino's outside seating area, I thought that it would be the perfect spot for a date on a warm Fall evening, as well as a spot to feed the addiction.  Being BYOB, it behooves you to bring your favorite spirits, unless you are an alcoholic...then don't.  To cater to my addiction, I ordered the namesake Branzino, a whole fish filleted table side in a white wine, lemon, and caper sauce.  Bravissimo.  I also enjoyed a very flavorful octopus appetizer that had just the right texture.  

But what makes Branzino so very special is the outdoor seating, behind the restaurant and not on some busy street.  Surrounded by a high brick wall and plenty of greenery, this is imho THE best outdoor seating in the entire city.  Which is great, if you are there to enjoy an intimate evening with a very special piece of fish.

My name is Steve.  I am an Italian food addict.
One of the most horrible experiences - we would like to write about it, but every time we do, or our friends do, we get harassed and threatened by the business owner. So, we will just leave his last reply as a comment & you can see for yourself.
The food was gross like vomit and the service was terribly rude- do NOT go to a business that speaks to their customers like this! 


Update- we have received many threats and hate messages, and will no longer be directly responding to them on Rashon's behalf. No, Megan F. You are not going to bully us. No, Branzino restaurant we will not remove the review. No, you may not go to his school and harass him there.

The restaurant claims if we don't remove a one-star review, they will harass the reviewer and interfere with his life and go to his school.
Relatively small BYOB Italian restaurant a few blocks off Rittenhouse Square. Came for a four-course business dinner, with a group, that included a vegan. The restaurant was informed of this when the reservation was made a month earlier. I personally called two days earlier and was assured accommodations had been made. Called the restaurant an hour ahead of the dinner to confirm modified options would be available. The first two people I spoke with were uninformed, and I was told the manager was unavailable. I was finally able to get a hold of the restaurant hostess for our party, who assured me that accommodations had been made. I asked what those were specifically, and was informed the vegan option was a pasta (made with eggs) in a cream sauce. After explaining that vegans do not eat animal products, she offered to substitute that with fish! She then suggested a plate of grilled vegetables. I explained that at $80 a head for a very large group, with a month's notice, and various assurances for what is a fairly common special request, a plate of vegetables would be completely unacceptable. We agreed on reasonable substitutes, and since the dessert platter was all dairy-based (cheese cake sampler, crème fraiche, etc.) and the restaurant didn't have fruit or a non-dairy option, dessert would be omitted.

Overall, the food was decent but oversalted. There were a few incredible standouts as well as some "blah" preparations. The artichoke hearts with roasted peppers were amazingly delicious. Just to die for good! The garden salad was also very tasty, but so oversalted that it was practically inedible. Mushroom ravioli and the stuffed chicken were very good. The Branzino fish, which came with a small polenta cake and braised brussel sprouts was somewhat bland, oversalted, and cold. It needed to be reheated. Mushroom risotto while steaming hot, was significantly undercooked and bland, with hard, almost crunchy rice. 

Service was also very hit or miss. Our hostess was simply outstanding! She went out of her way to make sure our needs were met, and even found a fresh bowl of mixed berries for a vegan dessert! Unfortunately, the same was not true elsewhere. When I got to the restaurant, I waited by the maitre d's stand for over five minutes before finally giving up and just walking up the stairs to our reserved tables to seat myself. Service was not at all coordinated. Even though we all started with bread and drinks simultaneously, some in the group were still waiting to get an entrée while others were finishing up dessert and coffee! Additionally, the waiter kept dumping a new dessert plate of cheesecake samples in front of the vegan each time the previous plate was removed.

The crowning glory: they didn't mention that they offer validated parking. The parking garage a couple of blocks away mentioned it when I went to pay for my ticket. I then had the joyous choice of trudging back to the restaurant to get my ticket stamped or paying full price.

Still, fantastic ambiance--elegant yet cozy. Ask to sit in the back room if you go. It's lighter, more spacious, and much more airy. The front area is somewhat cramped and gets a lot of foot traffic since the maitre d's stand is set back from the door, near the stairs to the back room.

Overall, quite a mixed bag. There are much better dining options around Rittenhouse Square both for a meal and service, so I won't be back.
Giving Branzino one star, partially because of the food, which was good, and partially because you have to on Yelp. But I digress. My husband and I made a reservation for Valentines Day at Branzino this year, our first married one. Prior to the date, they called us to inform us of the five-course pre fixe menu and to inform of the $50 pre-pay deposit. Hmmm weird, but the menu sounded good to we did it. 

Fast forward to that day. We arrive, we get seated right away, and we wait... Ten minutes for water. Ten more to get someone to open our bottle of wine. Then an HOUR for the first course. We are getting fed up so I ask someone to find the manager and send them to our table. She never shows, so I have to physically get up and find someone. After complaining our next course comes out relatively quickly. Then it takes another half hour or more to get the next course, which is a SALAD. Manager finally comes over to our table after we request get again and wasn't too helpful, in fact argued with my husband about why it was taking so long. (Um hello, isn't the point of pre fixe to help things run more smoothly?) she also offered us a gift certificate. Um, no thanks. I am never coming back to this place. Ever again. 

We finally get our salad then out fourth course arrives before we are done. Poor execution. Oh, and did I mention it was extremely hot in the dining room and we were both profusely sweating? And our water never offered a kind word, a smile or even met our eyes? At the end he was even ignoring our table altogether, which was awkward because we were seated right next to the waiter station.

In the end we left before the fifth course. We asked got our desserts to go, but (shocker) they never arrived. Overall here are my thoughts: Branzino was a bad choice. It's so d*** hot. No but seriously, how does a place like this survive in a foodie city like Philly? Your good is good but it's not THAT good. I have an idea. Get rid of Branzino, and move Little Pete's into their spot. Two problems, one solution.
Very rude.  My husband called the restaurant three times (first he spoke with a member of the staff for the reservation, then left two messages to try and confirm for our group). When we arrived, instead of greeting us, they claimed that they, "were trying to reach us" and that my husband "gave the wrong phone number."  (They wrote his number down incorrectly, however he provided them with his number each time he made a call to the restaurant). They never stated the reason as to why they were trying to get in touch with us.  

We had a party of 10 and after a bumpy start to the evening, had a very nice time until the end of the night.  We spent a sizable amount of money and when the bill came, they refused to accept multiple forms of payment (a card with cash or two cards). We requested to then split the bill into two, and they still refused.  Our suggestions were reasonable options (all of which are not out of the question in many establishments).  After this ridiculous exchange, the staff then blamed my husband again for having the wrong phone number (the one they wrote down incorrectly) even though they never mentioned this 'policy' when he was on the phone making the reservation.  The staff were so difficult we will not be returning.
Terrible customer service and very antsy to bad reviews instead of improving their own processes. 

Think, if you're going to spend your money at a place to eat, is this the type of place where you'd trust if your food was ruined, for them to fix it immediately and ensure a turn around in your meal?
Came here for Valentine's and we expected it to be busy but gosh they. were. busy!! We came and they were already 5 couples backed up! The hostess told us it'll be about 15 mins so we were like okay, we'll wait. An hour after, there's about 10 couples behind us and the hostess still don't know how long till we get seated!!! We were pretty patient but they we're pushing it. The diners were complaining bc the waiting couples were standing by their table, there's nowhere to sit AND the manager is nowhere to be found!!! The other people started a complaint match and that's when I ended up going to Open Table and looked for another reservation. We should've known better when they confirmed our reservation 4 days before.. never going back!!
They overbooked Valentine's Day (I mean, they blamed it on a POS system that wasn't working right and whatnot, until my partner demanded the truth and an employee admitted they overbooked and asked if that made him happy.) 

Branzino's had over an hour wait for those with reservations, even though when I called, they said they were behind by 15-20 minutes. There was no one besides patrons waiting at the hostess area, so we awkwardly stood around for about 10 minutes before other customers told us there were people waiting downstairs. There was a huge crowd of people who had yet to be seated, so we decided we wanted to leave and when we finally flagged someone down who wouldn't ignore us (after trying to speak to 4-5 people), were told she would get a manager. Except when we saw the same employee again, and tried to ask about the manager, she acted like she didn't hear us, even though she spent a minute closing out a tab and swiping a credit card at the waiters area where we stood! This restaurant forced us to pay a $50 deposit two weeks before our reservation, and we wanted to just leave. After asking another waiter about a refund, she scribbled random words on a pad and said we'd get it back, without even asking for our name or the card we paid with. She then walked away and I had to find her again, 5 minutes later.  I made a huge stink about needing my card swiped and a RECEIPT for a refund because 1.) that makes no sense to just tell me my money is refunded and 2.) I don't even live in PA. That did it - and she finally asked for our card and had us sign for a refund. There was a HERD of roughly 30 people waiting downstairs in a "holding area" as they put it, some waiting over an hour to be seated. Couples with 8:00 reservations were still waiting by the time we left at 9:15 and others with reservations at 8:30 were sat before them only because happened to be standing at the waiter station where we were. 45 minutes of my life was wasted here. 

Branzino's, you should be ashamed of the way your business is ran!!!
Been here many times. Only complaint would be that one time we had a reservation and had to wait about 20 minutes for our table, but it happens. I've sat in both the front room and the back room. While both have wonderful muralscapes in them, the back room is definitely better. It is not near the bathroom for one, and in the winter, the front room gets a draft whenever anyone enters or leaves the restaurant.

The food is excellent, of course I had to try the Branzino when I was once there. But my favorite is the veal marsala. One of the best in town! It is a BYO.
Shame on you, Branzino- I've never been treated so poorly by restaurant management in my life.  I went to the establishment with some girlfriends and the staff was so rude we actually paid for our food and asked to have it packed up before the entrees reached the table.  Sadly, I never got to eat it because the bag broke on the way home.  My favorite quote of the evening was "You can't just sit here and drink wine for free."  Really, because it's a BYO & our check was close to $200.  The entire experience was tremendously disappointing & somewhat confusing, since we were there to dine and spend money.  Maybe they were having a bad day, I don't know.  But if I owned a place with a dining room less than half full on a Friday night, I'd treat people with a little more courtesy.
The only good thing about this place was the wine that we brought. 

What a terrible night! We were here for Valentine's and had an absolute horrible time. Our reservation was pretty late (9:30pm) and when we arrived, there was an hour and a half delay. They were seating the 8:00pm reservations and people were just standing by the hostess. After a while, we finally got seated because apparently, a bunch of tables cleared up. I thought that at least we'll finally get to eat.

But no, the prize of finally being seated was more waiting. They featured a 6-course menu and each course took almost an hour to come. Multiple couples who had already sat down were still waiting for their salad. Some upped and left and were noticeably upset. A couple who had been there since 7 only got their first course (read: 3 hours). 

The water took 10 mins, the menu took another 10 mins, and the bread was a full 30 mins after we sat down. We skipped the 6-course menu, which the kitchen was clearly not equipped for and ordered off their a la carte selection. We still waited a good 2 hours for our courses to arrive but at least, we got fed. We ordered a side of roasted potatoes that came late. They offered to take it off the bill, but I never would've paid for it anyway. 

They should've offered a discount to everyone there. What a disaster! Would I come here on a regular night? No.
So the bf and I checked out Branzino for restaurant week last Friday.  I read the yelp reviews prior to going and will have to point out that reviewers had it dead-on.  Good food, but ok service.  BYOB is always a good idea.

Atmosphere: (B+) We sat outside, nice and intimate with the couple sitting next to us.  Great for people watching and although our view was of a building in construction across the street, I actually kinda enjoyed it...and great weather always helps.  Better than being inside a crowded building.

Food: (A-) I wouldn't call myself a picky eater, but I do like food with flavor, and even though it was restaurant week, I thought my Polle e Salciccia (chicken sautéed with Italian sausage, mushrooms and sun-dried tomatoes) was absolutely delicious.  And the tomatoes/mozzarella appetizer was fresh, and really how can you go wrong with that.  My only complaint was that they ran out of tiramisu - my fav, and I had to settle for a cheesecake, which was ok.

Service: (B) I made 8pm reservations and was seated promptly with a choice of inside or out.  I admit I'm typically a "nice" diner, usually minimal complaints, but our waiter was just ok.  Yes it was busy, but we sat almost 10 min before he showed up asking us if we had a menu yet.  And then 10 min just to pay the bill.  If we brought a larger bottle of wine, I guess we would have been more occupied... Besides that, he was very nice.

Overall: 3.5 stars - a little above average for me I think, but I decided to round up for the rating.
After several great experiences at Branzino, my sister chose this restaurant to celebrate her law school graduation. However, to say we were disappointed with our meal would be an understatement. 

We arrived early for the reservation and the waiters were more than happy to accommodate us. When everyone in our party arrived we sat there for about 15 minutes without menus. I had to ask for them. When we went to order our food, the waiter informed us that they were out of Branzino, the signature dish the restaurant is named after. Not a good sign. They were also out of chicken, scallops and calamari. Basically, all they had was salmon and veal.  

It took about 20 minutes just to get our appetizers. The mushroom "soup" was the consistency of yogurt and arrived cold. We all opted to not send it back because we didn't want it to take another 10 minutes. 

After about an hour and a half of being in the restaurant, we still didn't have our entrees. We asked several waiters where our food was and they all said it would be out shortly. False. It took about an hour and 45 minutes for us to get our "dinner." I put dinner in quotation marks because all I got was a very small piece of salmon with a little bit of sauce and about three pieces of asparagus cut up underneath it. The salmon was also overcooked. For what they charged for the entree, they should have at least included a normal size side portion. None of the other guests in my party enjoyed their entrees either. 

Instead of taking money off the bill, they gave us a gift certificate to be used at a later date. It will not be used. On the way out, we asked what was wrong and they said that several of their chefs and employees quit and they are in a state of transition. In my opinion, they should not have opened this evening. All of the other patrons in the restaurant were equally as dissatisfied with their experiences and I believe they lost many customers this evening.
This week was my first time dining at Branzino and I'd have to say it was my last. They were serving their restaurant week menu. We came with a large party and were treated extremely rude by management from the first moment we stepped into the restaurant. The party was split up into two tables and we were told that all other tables were booked and that they could not be combined into one. The place was entirely empty during our whole 2 hour meal and we could have easily been accommodated. 

The meal was only OK. The food was overall bland and under seasoned (coming from a diner who never salts her food at home or out!). The entire meal was rushed by the waiters and by order of the manager who watched us the entire time.  If not for the BYO part, this night would have been really unenjoyable. 

If this were some spectacular place with amazing food then maybe their poor service and attitudes could maybe justifiable. But spending $750 and being treated like crap is unacceptable. None of our large party will be dining here ever again.
Just average food + bad service = never going back. 

My wife and I went here on a Saturday night with another couple and had reservations for 8pm. The food was fine but nothing special, and for the price there are many other places I'd rather go. I had the pasta with rabbit meat ragu, which tasted good but the portion was on the small side for $18.50. We had tiramisu for dessert - again average, nothing that I couldn't get at any of the other Italian restaurants in the city. 

At 10pm, we were polishing off the 2 bottles of wine we'd brought with us and had just finished our dessert, and were enjoying the company of the couple we were with. At that point, our waiter informed us that they needed to clean the table for their second seating. He must have said the same thing to the parties at the other tables in the dining room, as everyone abruptly gathered their belongings and made their way to the door. 

Now I understand that the restaurant is small, but I think it's reasonable to expect not to be essentially kicked out of a place after spending over $100 on a mediocre meal. Ultimately, there are lots of other places where you can spend just as much, eat better food, and receive better service than this one. Save your money and go across the street to Fontana, a larger Italian BYO where the food is better and you can stay at your table for as long as you like.
I've dined here 3 times now and always have a great experience. 

It's a recently rebuilt, beautiful space which is huge. Def a good spot to host an event. They also have a pretty outdoor patio, which is rare for a spot that close to rittenhouse. 

The food is always great and the menu has been updated to be a mix of old world Italian and more modern fare. I especially love the crudo, the scallops, and the mascarpone cheesecake! 

Overall and awesome spot, and BYOB which is great. They have a mix of seafoods, pastas, and meat dishes so bring whatever booze suits you- there will be food to match :)
I have read a lot of the reviews and heard from a few friends about this place.  All very mixed reviews both on yelp and from friends.  I shied away from this place due to the dicey reputation.  I finally checked this place out and I think I have the recipe for a good meal here (as the food doesn't seem to be the issue, just the service).

Tip No. 1:

Relax, who gives a sh*t if they don't come check on you every three minutes.  Pour your own wine, bring at least a bottle per person.

Tip No. 2:

Don't bring a big group...seems like they always fall short on the larger groups.

Tip No. 3:

The setting is more elegant than say La Viola (which barely pulls off the nice restaurant feel)...so you may have to pay like $4 more for your food.  Better/more upscale = more dollar bills.

Anyways...I liked this place...apps and entrees were all good...Philly is an Italian restaurant mecca.  Didn't stray too far from traditional italian food, so can't speak to the freshness of the seafood...but I would definitely recommend this place as a good spot for a date or double date.

Pretty buttertown.
Very solid Italian BYO in Rittenhouse with cozy and beautiful ambiance.  They make their own pasta daily and I would highly recommend trying a few.  You can get the netree or appetizer sizes, which is great because you can try more varieties.  

Some highlights:
1. Beef carpaccio: served with capers and arugula.  Solid and decently falvorful although it did not stand out.
2. Grilled calamari: Great flavor but the calamari itself was slightly chewy and tough.  /it was okay but not fantastic.
3. Crab ravioli: the filling was great and full of lump crabmeat but the pasta itself was a bit on the dense, al dente side.  
4. Garganelli: Loved this!  The duck confit was so juicy, flavorful, and tender, and paired very very well with the pasta.  A must-try.
5. Gnocchi: Pretty standard tomato-based sauce although the tiny gnocchi here is a nice twist on a classic.  Solid.
6. Papardelle: Another must-try with tender braised rabbit and a hint of rosemary with handmade pasta.  Loved!
7. Suckling pig: Very juicy and tender with a side of sweet onion relish.  Pork can be a bit tough but this literally melted on my tongue.  Highly recommend.
8. Veal cheeks: Great version of a classic braised in a savory and sweet wine reduction.  Another great entree option.

The bread is very dense and served with an EVOO dip.  It was just okay so I recommend not filling up on it.  Service was decent but we did have to remind them to refill our wine glasses.  Overall, a great BYO option for Italian near the Square.  Prices are standard for Rittenhouse and it cam to about $40 per person including tax and tip (apps, pastas, and entrees).
Context: our friend arrived 5min late. 

Waiter/owner 20seconds after he got there "are you ready"
Us: "no, a few more minutes please"
Waiter/owner: "well if you got here on time"

New waiter "are you ready"
Friend: "yes, can I have the risotto"
New waiter: "well, it takes 20min. I don't think this would work"

Never have had a waiter say something couldn't be ordered. 
Then had a steak cooked well done, rough, and brown. 

Risotto: cold olive oil soup 

Pasta: cold 

Terrible 


Delicious Albanian cake that was given to make up for the bad service, but is this an Italian or Albanian?
went here for dinner with a group of friends. i must say the ambiance is really nice here. It's a small restaurant, but the layout and atmosphere is really nice you feel cozy and 'at home'. 

i ordered the Green And White Fettuccine (home made noodles with shrimp, crab meat, oven dried tomato and garlic) - $21. it was delicious! it's amazing how homemade noodles taste so much better than the boxed stuff from the grocery store. what a treat. for dessert i opted for the chocolate tort with hazelnut ice cream (of course duh). the cake had a warm center and it was DIVINE. what i appreciate the most about this place is that the portions were just right. i finished the whole meal. 

BYOB establishment with no corking fee (can't beat that!)

in regards to service/wait staff i understand the other reviews and their issues with 'wait times' or how slow it can be, but overall its the experience of going out and enjoying your meal. why are we always so rushed when we want to go out for a nice meal? take the time and enjoy your food/company. 

overall, it was a good dining experience and i'll be back in the near future.
BYOB's are probably my favorite part of Philadelphia. Good food with your own hand picked wine at a (more) affordable price. Branzino is no exception.
The dining area is very very intimate. On a busy night, I would not be surprised to be basically sitting at the same table as an unknown couple. However, this has never been a negative to me. Italian restaurants in my mind should be cramped and bustling.
The food is hearty and good. I tend to gravitate to the farfalle e scampi which is the perfect size for full but not overwhelmingly so. 
This is a great place for a cozy meal or a start to a romantic evening.
Nice little BYO near Rittenhouse Sq. We went during restaurant week and they still delivered great service. Many specials abound. Not good for a big group, good date place, and easy on the wallet relative to its peers.
I grant it was valentine's day, but whomever is running this restaurant seems to be pretty crass, and have little respect for their customers. While requiring a credit card to make a reservation for two and calling twice to ensure I knew I would be charged $75 were we to cancel within 48 hours of the event, we arrived for our 7:30 reservation to a room full of mostly angry people. Those seated seemed annoyed by patrons surrounding their tables, while those standing were furious about not having been seated for their 6:00, 6:30, or 7:00 reservations. All other restaurants were of course booked, and we had taken a cab to get there, and the hostess (claimed we would be seated "very soon") so we (regrettably) waited a full hour to be seated despite many parties ahead of us leaving, and still didn't get out of there until 11:30, and frankly, the $30 salmon was very dry. No discount was offered. 

From their point of view, they claimed some people had shown up very late, but the restaurant seats probably about 150 people, and I think it unreasonable to make those people our problem. It is clear that they were greedy, massively overbooked with a large cancellation fee, and destroyed their reputation for many of its patrons.
So last night for restaurant week My fiance and another couple had reservations to Branzino for restaurant week. As we enter there is a small room for table seating, then up the stairs we are then greeted to be seated. We then walk through another inside seating room to be seated outdoors (recommended if you dine here)

There was a lot to choose from on this special restaurant week menu, a plus. For appetizer we chose the muscles someone got the salad with pear and another got the tomato and mozzarella. The muscles, my god were spicy and no warning so HERE'S YOUR WARNING our asian friend who loves spicy tasted it to see if were being babies and she said I can see why it's spicy to you but liked it, so yes if your not a spicy person then stay away, the flavor was ok oh and there is hame pieces in there as well which also isn't mentioned on the menu.

Ordering dinner I chose the Fetuccini with crab and shrimp, My fiancé the crab ravioli and the other couple both chose the branzino. 
My dish looks ok at presentation, well like if you served it to yourself at your home. The dish lacked flavor. I asked the waitress to bring cheese over, freshly grated parm was added also I needed some pepper. afterwards there was a slight difference I believe salt would have brought the flavor out. The shrimp was done well and the crab was fresh. I've definitely have had better pasta dishes, ths is nothing to rave about.

My fiancés dish was a bit under cooked, just under al-dente. Once again no much flavor though strangely we tasted some orange/lemon hints which through us off, nothing to rave about and neither dish would I get again.

Our friends, the  couple we were there with brought us here for the great food they had a couple years ago. they were shocked this didn't taste great as they remembered. They also said their dish lacked flavor.

Desert time, 3 of us chose tiramisu which was good, fresh and I could tell they made it there. one got the fig gelato, very interesting and sweet. If your a fig fan then this is your desert. I had a cappuccino as well did my fiance and that was great, I could have drank another.

My idea of restaurant week is to provide a taste of what the regular menu offers to lure you back for more. We weren't impressed. My fiance wants to go back but not because the food was great or awesome but because she wants to try the regular menu to see if it's any different. I guess thats a way to get return customers from restaurant week. Don't prepare your best to intrigue the interest if your regular menu is better. I suppose we'll go back to see if it's any different.
Disclaimer. I didn't actually eat here, but read on to find out why.

My group booked a table for around 8PM on a weekday night. I arrived a bit late, and thought I went to the wrong place, because there was no one to greet me at the door, and the main inside dining area was completely EMPTY. I thought it was a bit strange, but was able to flag down a waiter, who directed me to the back patio area.

The patio area was more inviting, and I quickly found my group. Aside from us, there was one other table. We brought our own wine, and started on it. Most of us had already eaten a light dinner at another event prior to the dinner, so only wanted to order something light. However, when we were ready to order, the waiter told us about a MINIMUM ORDER per head (app + entree). Since most of us already had dinner, we just didn't want to order that much food! Also, there is NO MENTION of the minimum order on the menu. Unless there was a fine print somewhere? 

When we asked to speak to the manager, we were told that the MANAGER WENT HOME (exact phrase). At 8:30PM! Needless to say, we also left. 

Clearly, there is a reason their entire dining area was empty.  I always feel that some business is better than no business. They sure will not be getting any of my business in the future.
I chose Branzino for my group of 8 after a Philly Pops show.  It was easy to make a reservation on open table, and it's 3 blocks from the Kimmel Center.  I really enjoyed my fettuccine and mozzarella and tomato app.  My mom order the hen, and it was very under cooked.  She told the waitress and it was put back in the oven.  It came back and looked better, but as she was eating, the middle still wasn't done.  She requested that they take it off the bill, which they did without any problems, but she ended up getting sick the next day.  I absolutely appreciated the service, but they really shouldn't be serving un-cooked chicken, so watch for that.
I cannot begin to express how unbelievably disappointed I was with Branzino. For years my family and friends had been raving about how wonderful Branzino is, but I have to disagree. 

From the moment we walked in the door it was a poor experience. It was myself, my mother, and my fiance- we were there to try to food to consider the location as a venue option for our wedding rehearsal dinner. We went relatively early, and while we did not have a reservation- we were the only people in the restaurant. Upon entering we were asked if we had a reservation, when we responded that we did not, he looked behind me and asked my fiance if HE had a reservation. When he told the host that he was with us, and that he did not, the host just walked away. That's all, just walked away. He came back when another couple arrived - this couple did have a reservation. He ushered them past us and sat them immediately and was very nice and accommodating to them. It made me wonder if a "reservation" was code for "did you reserve my manners today" on part of the host. He came back to us and said "I guess we can seat you. Follow me." - at this point I really did not want to follow him. I can only handle so much rudeness in such a short period of time. But alas, I thought to myself- this can only get better. 

Boy was I wrong. Our waitress was equally as rude. It's surprising to me because while the place did ultimately fill up a bit as we were leaving, there were still plenty of extra tables. We weren't inconveniencing anyone by being there. With or without a reservation, was our money still not green? - at this point I feel the need to mention that I was in the service industry for many years. I'm the most polite and easy going customer you could ever ask for, so the attitude from the staff was completely unwarranted. 

Moving onto the food. Mediocre at best. I was accepting the poor service in the hopes that the food would redeem this place, and yet again it did not. And the prices! Holy cow! Mediocre food for 5 Star prices. I don't mind the prices for food that is deserving, but Branzino's food most certainly does not qualify.  The ONLY plus side is that this is a BYOB, b/c quite honestly I shudder to think what they would charge for a glass of wine if they had their liquor license. 

Overall just an absolutely poor experience. They were less than interested in even entertaining the idea of us hosting our rehearsal dinner there as well. The manager basically said "you can have 2 tables, or you can rent out the entire room" for I think she said $3K. No thanks. You can keep your gross food and poor service. 

In all honesty, I just do not understand when people in the service industry decided they could act any sort of way they wanted and still receive 20%. It's not a guarantee. You get your 20% for being a good server, not for bringing my food out and giving me an attitude. Just a heads up, folks. If you brought your A game you'd bring home considerably more money per night, and perhaps then you'd have a better overall attitude. 

I do not recommend this if you a.) like good food and b.) like good service.
My father gave it the highest praise he can give an eatery: I'll come here again. That's saying something if you know my dad. 

That said, I don't think any of you do. So...The food first. The salads were classic and good, not great. The soup was a seriously good butternut squash rendition. And then the pastas, well, they were light and sauced perfectly. Not too much meat, but enough to make the papparadelle dish hearty. And the venison was cooked to perfection, the meat itself was perfection -- almost chocolaty in its richness. A wonderful cut of meat. Dessert-wise, the tirimisu was a miss, and the chocolate mousse was rich and hit the spot for the boys at the table, but the fig gelato is the way to go. I ate half of my mom's entire plate...

The service was great, and the staff were truly accommodating. My dad asked for a combination of two dishes with a classic sauce that wasn't on the regular menu that night, and it wasn't even the mildest problem. Not bad for a first visit!
Went to Branzino Friday night and all in all it was a good experience. Mind you this is an expensive place and although I don't mind paying for good food which this was however I HATE being hungry after dinner. The quality made up for it I guess. I had the shrimp and buratta (2 tiny pieces of shrimp) and the stuffed gnocchi which was unreal (I wish there was more). For starters I got the octopus and oysters which were extremely overpriced and looked like the ones you get on the boardwalk. If the quality wasn't so authentic and amazing this would be a 3 star review. That being said I had a quality meal but for the price and portion I will go elsewhere. This is pasta ... not dry aged Waygu.... it's ok to give a little more without breaking into your profits. I was disappointed with the prices and portions but everything else was 5star!! Their are a lot more places to choose from where you won't be looking for a post game meal afterwards ! The pictures are terrible because it is very dim inside !!
I don't really get the average reviews of this place. One of the better BYO italian places in this area of Philadelphia without being overly pricey.  Great service, amazing food, good environment. They also have a nice outdoor area when the weather permits.

The grilled calamari is wonderful
The bone marrow dish is probably the best on the menu - so succulent
The mussels, beef tartar, branzino, and lamb shank were also all great
The artichoke hearts were decent, but nothing like the above mentioned dishes
Great food, but I'll never be back. Had a mouse run across my foot while exiting the bathroom downstairs. Told the wait staff about the problem, but they didn't seem to care. Had no problem charging me the full bill, when their place has mice and roaches on premises. Smh
Welp, we came here for restaurant week as a party of five and were unfortunately a bit underwhelmed. 

Pros: 
-The outdoor space was great. This quaint really adorable garden with plants and vines crawling up the walls. Excellent ambiance. 
-the flavor of the food was good. Specifically the artichoke appetizer. The branzino was also cooked nicely.  
-it's byob 
-the servers were attentive


Cons:
-There was nothing special or inventive about the food. 
-the portion sizes were SMALL. I know it's restaurant week, but we all left feeling hungry.

We went to the bathroom and a person who worked in the kitchen used the restroom and left without washing their hands, so that REALLY put a damper on the experience. 


Overall, it was fine. We overpaid for food that wasn't anything worth coming back for but definitely wasn't bad.
I had reservations at Branzino and was anxious to see how it compared, after its recent reopening, to the restaurant my family loved and patronized often.

Instead, about an hour after I got an email confirmation, I got a call cancelling my reservation because they want to take an afternoon off!

Won't be going back. There are many great restaurants in Philly who DO want our business.
I came here twice, both with a group. First time was on a Friday night and I did have the terrible feeling of being rushed the whole time (and hate it). We had an old friend coming in from LA and her best friend picked Branzino for no obvious reason. Food at that time was so unimpressive that I don't even remember what I had. I guess the whole thing was awkward. We sat in the front and everything is bright white and the lights are on full power. Besides that the staff does constantly loudly chat in an eastern european language that I do not understand, maybe ukrainian or moldavian (like in La Viola Ovest, where all the waiters are from Moldova), but definitely not from Italy. Overall an unremarkably 2 points on the scale.

I had to go a second time for a work dinner, my coworker picked it, after I had picked Chima the last time, which was a blow, as one persons spouse had turned out to be vegetarian, yet may eat fish. Go figure about an all you can eat brazilian steakhouse... 

Anyway, this time he picked Branzino (from the internet) because in a restaurant that is called Branzino, they must have fish, thus must have less all you can eat meat. He is smart.

This time we sat in the back room, which reminded me in it's kitschy opulence and chandeliers of Titanic. This was a Thursday night, but how they put the chairs together was a joke. Seven chairs on one side of the table, so that every chair was touching the adjacent one. The plates and cutlery was a disarray as everything was so narrow that they probably didn't know how to pile it up correctly. We got rid of one chair on each long side of the table ourselves, after (luckily) two people couldn't make it. I was sitting next to the wall right in front of a long air condition outlet, where arctic air was coming out. When I asked, whether they could turn it down a little bit, they just told us they wouldn't have any air condition. Ok, never mind...

Well, the big surprise was that the food was actually pretty ok. Although the salads and pastas were very uninspiring, I tasted a fresh grilled fish and vitello tonato and had carpacchio and ossobuco myself, and these few dishes were actually pretty tasty. This is where the third star is coming from.

Final remark. There was almost one year between the two dinners and what I don't get, even after so many years in dentistry, is how can you not fix your front teeth? Come on, you are working in gastronomy, you are not supposed to destroy my appetite by showing me a lot of gaps and caries. Do you only eat sugar in the kitchen? Errr. Please donate floss.

PS I spent half of the evening feeling misery for the couple sitting next to us. They had a, probably first, date that obviously went totally wrong. Don't go there on a date. Remember, it already looks like the Titanic!

BYOB - Bring Your Own Butler
My husband and I went here for restaurant week. Everything was perfect. My husband ordered the Branzino filet expecting a steak, since he doesn't like fish. But, he really enjoyed the fish. We will definitely be back!! 

The entire place was recently redone. The ambiance is amazing. Everything we had we thoroughly enjoyed. Thank you so much for such a great night!
Came here for restaurant week (party of 2), and asked if we could sit outside, seeing that there were 8 open tables and we were one of maybe 6 parties in the whole restaurant. The hostess said none of the tables were for 2 people, so we couldn't. I then asked my waiter if we could sit outside indicating that there were 8 open tables, and he said no because all of those parties were just running late and needed to sit there once they arrived, even though I was on time for my reservation. At the end of the night, there were still 8 open tables we could have sat at the entire time. It's clear that the staff never even considered our simple request to sit outside.
Stopped by last night for RW.  This was the wife and I's second visit.  We were seated right on time in the second level dining room.  Beautiful room with high ceilings.  

I'll get my negative comment out of the way right up front.  This room was noisy.  I mean really noisy!  It was difficult to have a conversation. 

The wait staff was great.  Our waitress was pleasant and efficient and poured our BYOB wine as needed.  Our bread and H2O was replenished as necessary.

The RW menu was great.  Starters last night were Carpaccio.  Tuna for the wife and beef for me.  Both were delicious.  I had a rigatoni entrée with broccoli rabe and the wife had a beautiful piece of salmon.  Both were excellent and the portions were ample.  Typical Italian deserts were fresh and tasty.

I'm torn between 3 and 4 stars for Branzino.  The noise level was really a problem.  As it was RW and packed I'm going to give them a break and hope that the noise is better on a normal night.

Soooooooo I'm going for 4 stars.  As other reviews have mentioned, this is one of the better Italian BYOBs in the city.
Branzino was the BEST way to end our quarantine! The back patio is absolutely charming and spacious. I think we ordered the majority of the menu and NOTHING went to waste. Everything was incredible. The duck was so tender and juicy and every dessert was incredible. Beware - the tiramisu is very espresso-y but I like it like that! I would come back every week if I could. 

Now that the food portion is out of the way, can we talk about the service?! INCREDIBLE. The manager is a SWEETHEART. All of the waitstaff was attentive and polite. I haven't received such service in years. 

Bravo. 10/10 would recommend.
This restaurant is a gem at the heart of downtown Philly. They have a nice, cozy and casual outdoor sitting as well as a really sophisticated fine dining ambience indoor sitting. It was my first visit to this restaurant. I'm so impressed by the hospitality and attentiveness of the service. They are so friendly. But the real star are the food! I had Salmon and my companion had the ravioli . Overall our food are top notch--so much flavor and you can taste the freshness of each ingredients. I highly recommend this restaurant.
Excellent BYO for a group! Went with a large party (reservation is a must!) and could accommodate everyone. Good menu, no corking fee and pretty decent food for the price.
I would have given this restaurant negative stars if I could. Both the service and food were horrible quality. I actually created a Yelp account ONLY to rate this restaurant.

I live in Philadelphia and I dine out frequently at many of the areas top restaurants, including a number of the Italian BYOBs. With that being said, this place is the absolute worst restaurant I have been to in Philadelphia, the service at the Wendys at Chestnut and 15th is better than this place.

Service:
I arrived in the evening (8/8/2015) for a dinner prior to going out for a Bachelorette party. There were 9 of us scheduled to arrive for the dinner. Upon arriving, there were 4-5 tables located on the patio that were open and we requested to sit outside, the waiter told us that only tables of 8 or less were permitted to sit on the patio. We said fine and continued to sit inside for the remainder of our party to arrive. We were the only table in the entire restaurant that were seated inside, in fact, the lights in the front room were turned off due to the restaurant being completely empty. Finally, upon the arrival of our bride, we realized 1 individual dropped off of the reservation so we were excited that we would be permitted to sit outside. We told our waiter this and she said that now, we weren't permitted to sit outside, because the outside is only for "romantic gatherings" and "she knew how people like us were" (i.e. a bachelorette party). She informed us that we could wait until another table was done eating, however, they were just getting their entrees so we would have to wait approximately an hour (even though there were plenty of tables for us to sit at). I asked to speak to a manager and she said she was the manager (even though she looked approximately 24 with bright orange lipstick and a tongue ring)... If she was I would suggest hiring a more professional manager. At this point, we requested a new waiter. A couple leaving the courtyard walked by and made fun of us for being a "boring" bachelorette party because they said they were more rowdy than we were which is funny because our waitress "knew how people like us were". After a final excuse of being told we weren't permitted to sit outside because a storm was coming, we checked the radar and there wasn't a single drop of precipitation in the entire state of PA. We were then told that they conveniently were looking at the radar for California. We eventually made our way outside after an hour and half of fighting.

Food:
It was restaurant week, so the menu was limited, however there were enough choices. I stuck with the gnocchi thinking that would be a safe, but good option, since it is impossible to mess gnocchi up. Somehow this place managed to make the worst tasting gnocchi I have ever had, the sauce tasted like it was a month old and was cold. Another friend ordered a steak, medium well and it came out rare. After asking for the rare steak to be cooked more (it was taken back to the kitchen and related) it was still not even medium. The final kicker was that we waited over an hour to receive our dessert that came with the restaurant week menu, 7 of the 8 of us ordered the sorbet so all that they had to do was scoop it into a bowl and it took over an hour. With that being said, the sorbet was good. 

I will NEVER recommend this restaurant to anyone else. The experience I had here was completely unprofessional and unacceptable for a sit down restaurant, let alone a fast food joint.
The worst service ever !  I should have known that it was going to be a bad night when our waitress did not come to our table for 10-15 minutes.  Since it was a byob and we had brought a cork screw, I opened the wine myself.  I could not get my legs under the table ( I am not super tall- 6 foot).  It was a fixed menu but we failed to receive one of the courses.  I asked 3 times for the candle at the table to be lit so finally one of the servers just took it away and never brought it back.  We had to use salt and pepper from a neighboring table.  The main course was served cold.  Many tables, including us, where there for over 3 hours ( not by choice) because of the poor service.  We witnesses numerous couples leave in the middle of their meals complaining of poor service. We heard one couple state that they had been there for 3 hours and had only received one of the 5 courses.  This restaurant ruined many couples' Valentine's Day dinners.  If you are going to have a fixed menu and up charge everyone you must have the right number and quality of wait staff !! This restaurant should be ashamed of itself!
We went on a friday night and originally had a reservation for 3 people only. 2 more friends wanted to join us last minute so I managed to call 2 hours before our reservation to see if they can increase our party to 5. It is a small place so I was worried that it would not be so easy. No problem at all.
We set in the back room which is beautiful with big chandiliers and wall mural. While the room is small, it is more like a cozy feeling. They uncorked the wine for us almost immediately. 2 of my friends had the Salmon ravioli which was a special. Yummy as they said. I had the Tagliatelle Nero, Tagliatelle pasta with squid ink and seafood. It was delish! The ink makes the pasta juicy and soft with the right amount of saltiness. The shrimp and scallops were large and cooked just right.
The servers came several times to make sure we had enough water and wine in our glasses.
We didn't have any room for dessert.
Oh boy. Where to begin with this place. I'll start with the positives: it's BYOB (but make sure you bring enough wine -- it might make the rest of the experience tolerable). The oysters were excellent. Unfortunately, that's about the extent of the positives at this place. 

A group of 5 of us went and each of us left unhappy. It was a Wednesday night with only a handful of other tables in the entire restaurant. One would think with it being a slow night that things would go smoothly, right? 

We were greeted by the host and while midway walking us to our table decided to leave and help another customer. We were left standing awkward in the middle of the dining room. Normally I wouldn't care, but the guy didn't even come back. We had to ask someone else to figure out where the table was. 

We got to our table and a few moments later the waiter approaches --- it was the host! I guess he was assuming both roles for the night. He told us briefly about the menu and the several items they were out of (their menu is small to begin with, but being a pandemic I can understand). We placed our order and then continued on with the evening. 

Now onto the entrees. The first thing the waiter came out with was the branzino which he began fileting table side. About a minute later another waiter came out with  our pasta dishes. Someone in my party ordered scallops, but she was brought pasta . The waiter acknowledged it was his mistake and that he "couldn't read his writing. "  Her pasta was taken away and only three of the five of us had our entrees in front of us. Being polite, we were waiting to eat until everyone had their food. The waiter continued trying to filet the branzino table side for what felt like an eternity. I don't know if it was his first day, but this was unbelievable. It probably took at least ten minutes for him to finish. By that point the entrees on the table were cold and there was still no scallops to be seen. Four of the five of us decided to go ahead and eat. The food was subpar at best. We all finished our food before the other person in the party even got her scallops. They eventually came and those too were disappointing. 

The portions sizes were very small and since we were all still hungry we decided to press our luck with dessert. We all had our eyes on burnt marshmallow budino. But guess what? They don't have it anymore! They replaced it with a banana pudding thing that did not sound appetizing at all. We picked something else and the desserts came out. The waiter decided to bring us the banana dessert to try it out.  It was dreadful. 

It was one of the worst meals I have had in a very long time. I'm just glad I was wasted for most of it.
I have never been so disrespected by someone in the service industry.  I arranged for a birthday dinner for my fiancé and some friends.  There were supposed to be 20 of us.  From the beginning Dori, the owner, was difficult to work with.  I had to call repeatedly to try to make the reservation and they kept getting my information wrong.  They could not accommodate us at the requested time even though I called over a month ahead of time.  When we finally had our dinner, I told the server 6 people could not make it.  I had just found out that one couple was sick, another had a babysitting issue and the two were stuck in traffic and could not make it on time.  The manager told me we would have to pay for the dinner of the people who could not make it since we signed a "contract."  The contract did not have any details of cancellation, length of time for the dinner or much of anything else for that matter.  I have done similar events like this and have never seen a contract that lacked such detail.  Dori then came to talk to me and started arguing in front of my guests before she pulled me aside.  She was very argumentative, rude and made it seem as if us dining at the restaurant was an inconvenience.  I finally agreed to pay for some of the dinners since I signed a contract (in which it never mentioned about paying for people who did not come and it was never told to me).   As we finished our meal, we were finishing up our drinks when Dori sent her manager to ask us to leave since she said there was a 2 hour limit on the table (again this was not in the contract and we spent the first 30 minutes arguing with Dori).  We were not given the meals we were made to pay for when we were asked to leave.  Dori was upset when we asked for the meals to go (which we ended up giving away anyway).   I will NEVER again dine at this restaurant and have never been treated so poorly.
Simply put Branzino is amazing... the food is delicious, the staff is friendly, the atmosphere and decor are tasteful, plus a beautiful outdoor patio when the weather is nice.

I'm from NYC and frequently visit Philadelphia to see family. Yesterday was my third time at Branzino and it's easily one of my favorite restaurants - both in Philly and NYC. The fact that it's BYOB is great because you can get your favorite wines before coming in, and keep it flowing.

The host is great and they currently have a mini Italian market when you walk in (awesome!) and they never keep you waiting for your reservation. The wait staff is friendly and efficient- during each of my visits, all of our courses arrived perfectly spaced out and with fantastic presentation. They don't rush you out, and the food doesn't take too long either - perfect balance. 

The chef(s) are unbelievable, every time I've gone I was able to try something new and haven't been disappointed once. I strongly suggest the braised artichoke, one of my favorite starter dishes, as well as the octopus. Every pasta dish is fantastic, most recently the mushroom ravioli was a personal favorite and the mains are great as well. Don't sleep on the deserts either!! The menu seems to be updated somewhat frequently with new options, which makes going back each time feel new.

If you're in the area it's without question an Italian restaurant you should not miss! I rarely post on Yelp but my visits really gave me the urge to praise Branzino! Will definitely be back soon!
I came for restaurant week and had higher expectations for the food and experience and was a bit disappointed. The outdoor dining experience was kind of uncomfortable, the seats are little small - but that's just my opinion, might be okay for others! It's nice that it is BYOB here. 

We ordered, mussels, tomato focaccia, crab ravioli and the branzino. All of the food involving seafood had a strong fishy taste and the branzino was overly salty. I did like the tomato focaccia, I'd recommend this. The portions are a bit on the smaller side. The bread is also very chewy.
Food was great, but the wait was terrible. Though we has a reservation we still waited 45+ minutes, and the portion size was small. I was full but my boyfriend was still very hungry.  
I got the gnocchi, which was very good and my boyfriend got the wild boar ragu, also very good tasting.  
Would recommend if you are not going on an empty stomach. :)
Went for RW and they offered a full menu AND a byo. (Can't go wrong with that!) Excellent tuna carpaccio and striped bass. Definitely recommend, but must add that it was more formal than I anticapted. You can also eat outside or in the two dining rooms. 

p.s. Our waitress was great and could definitely get work as a Penelope Cruz impersonator!
Went here with two friends for Restaurant Week lunch, and the restaurant was completely empty (not that that's bad or anything). The restaurant menu covers just enough; even though one of of friends absolutely hates seafood, she still left enjoying her gnocchi entree. If you are a seafood person though, you can't come here and not get the branzino. I thought I'd be unique and cool and get the veal scallopinne, but it was really nothing special.

appetizer // got the mussels - incredibly flavorful, with a pool of the wine sauce at the bottom that was perfect for dipping my bread in. highly recommended!

entree // that unspecial veal scallopine...what even is scallopinne? it was actually pretty salty, which made it not only unspecial, but not that wonderful to eat either. I tried my smart friend's order of branzino, and that one bite was absolutely amazing. the best bite of the meal, hands down.

dessert course // got the tiramisu, and it was...also nothing special. at least it wasn't super salty though?
It's 2 blocks from my apt so I've been a few times and had pretty good experiences.  

The food - 

Get the Branzino.  This is a perfectly prepared whole Mediterranean sea bass that they will fillet for you.  I've had it twice and both times excellent.  The other best dish is the squid ink pasta.  It is loaded with seafood and a spicy red sauce.   The rest of the menu has been disappointing.  It is the definition of average Italian food.

The rest -

It's a BYO which is great.  But the dining room is really weird set up.  You are either in the front room which is tiny and feels like you are in grandma's house, or you are in the large back room which gets incredibly noisy because of its shape -- kind of reminds me of a high school cafeteria.

The conclusion -

It's a 3.5 star restaurant.  Stick with the Branzino and Squid Ink and it's worth a go.
I was at Branzino's last night for RW with my bf. I always check yelp for reviews and I'm happy to have selected this particular restaurant for dinner last night. Not only is the food impeccably delicious, but this place is also a byob. We were seated immediately upon arrival, even though the place was packed. Our waitress was very well informed and very professional. She took her job  very seriously and was very good at it. To add to it, she had a very cute accent which made the dishes she was describing us even more delicious. I have honestly never had such great service before. We decided to make this place "our spot" and plan on going there weekly!! 
Must try!!
I came here very excited to try out Branzino. As soon as I walked in, it was a very nice quiet place with an interesting menu. The restaurant had a great ambiance. Reserved a table for 4 on a friday night at 8:30 and were seated immediately. The problem was that we were placed in the corner and none of the staff I guess really saw us. Had a glass of wine and were waiting to order. When our waiter finally got to us it was already 20 mins into our night. He tells us the specials and one of us decided to order the pork chop special. About 10 minutes later he comes back to tell us that the pork chop has been changed to veal. So my friend asked for the menu again (ultimately he decides to go along with it). It takes him another 15 mins to bring out bread. And another 20 to get out the appetizers. And around another 30 minutes for the entrees.

Food: 3/5
Calamari Stufato- Found it to be drowned in sauce, barely any calamari, didn't notice a single golden raisin in it
Roasted shrimp- Came with 3 large prawns which were great, the oyster mushroom was I little overcooked

Capesante: The cauliflower was cold, and the scallops were inconsistent. I found 2 of the scallops burnt and did not bother mentioning to the restaurant considering it would be another 30 minute wait. The others had a nice color to them but as soon as you bite into them, you can tell that the scallops had been sitting in the window for quite some time.

The food definitely could have been better, tiny portions were given, and not enough balance in their dishes.

Service:  2/5
I thought the service was abysmal and I wanted to not leave a tip but I caved and still gave the restaurant more than they deserved. 

Atmosphere: 5/5
Great lighting, love the decorations and how everything is set in the restaurant. 

I was really looking forward to Branzino since I have heard great things but they definitely fell far from expectations. Would I dine here again? Probably not, and I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. The atmosphere can only get you so far. If I was in the restaurant right now, I'd get up and go across the street for Italian cuisine or walk a couple blocks and find somewhere else.
The good:
- Decent food
- Friendly hostess
- BYOB
- Clean

The bad: 
- Poor Service from our waiter
- Asked for bread 4 times!! 
- The crowd is not very young but for an older crowd it sure is extremely loud. It's pretty bad when a 25 year old wants to ask a table of 50 somethings to tone it down. I nearly peed myself when my friend was rolling her eyes at a middle aged woman who was cackling so loudly. We could hear a conversation two tables away but not each other. It was THAT loud. 

The Ugly: 
- I estimate we were here for at least 3 hours. The food comes out VERY SLOWLY. 
- You cannot just order a salad. We were forced to order one entree per a person. I think that's very poor taste. What if one of our party members couldn't afford it? The pricing is not cheap. One of us didn't feel well and only wanted soup but instead had to order pasta as well and ended up getting it to go. 


I really enjoyed my arugula, tomato and grana padano salad but since I can't order only that I won't be back.
Kinda disappointing, Branzino has an interesting menu, including the namesake Branzino, which one of diners had and was satisfied.  On that note (read below), it was weird because the fish was shown to us, but then taken away again to be de-boned and presented, this could have not been done table-side as it should have because we were so close to the entrance.

I tried the butternut squash ravioli app, tasty but over salted, next I had the house veal dish - also over salted (and I really like plenty of salt), one of the other guests in our party also thought their salad was too salty.

The service is a little awkward and the entry dining room makes it worse by being narrow and having a constant traffic flow of entering patrons who don't know where to go.    The menu items I tasted were good, but the saline effect killed it.    With so many great restaurants in this area, I doubt I'll be back.
I've always been a huge fan of Branzino, but on my most recent visit I was a little disappointed, and what would have been 4 stars is being docked to 3.  I was with a big group, and we were the only ones on the second floor.  The waiter, Matt, was great, very attentive with re-filling the wine glasses.  

Onto the food: the pork chop was amazing, as was the squash ravioli.  My friend's husband said it was the best pork chop he's ever had.  Not so good was the fact that the bread they gave us was burnt, and the pasta in my shrimp and crab dish was way undercooked.  It was chewy and just not enjoyable.  

I've previously had really positive experiences here, so I'm hopeful that this was just a fluke, and that I can update this to 4 or 5 stars next time.
Went here with my boyfriend for Philadelphia Restaurant Week on a Sunday night. The atmosphere is meant to feel homey but still nice. We ordered a Caesar Salad and Carpaccio with Crab Ravioli and Tiramisu. The service throughout dinner was fine.

There are a few reasons for the two stars. The simplest thing we could have ordered, the Caesar salad, was completely botched - old lettuce, drenched in dressing, soggy croutons. It had obviously been made in a huge vat and served throughout the entirety of the day to any unfortunate soul who ordered it. We also found a shell in our crab ravioli during our main course. For the the price and food, we will not be coming back. There are better restaurants to go to for dinner during Restaurant Week.
I love Branzino. I've been twice and both times everything was great - the ambiance, food and service. I can't wait to have better weather to take advantage of the romantic outdoor seating area. Simply put - the best BYOB around!

See ya next time :)
I really like this place.  It can get a bit hectic during dinner, but is pretty slow during lunch.  They fixed up the place since I last visit, and I appreciate the cleaner look.  The food is good, I like the beef carpaccio and calamari, gnocci, and their salmon and branzino.  DO NOT go if you have a party over 4.
There are a lot of nice aspects to Branzino, and some tasty bites.  My entree was not very good and that really overshadows the many enjoyable parts of  my dinning experience.

Sat outside early on a beautiful Saturday night.  The seating is very comfortable with cushioned wicker chairs.  The server was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  The other server was very attentive in filing our water glass.
Shared the grilled octopus and a small bowl of paperdelle. I really enjoyed both dishes, the pasta was especially good home made and cooked perfectly.

My issue was with my entree. The veal porterhouse which was the most expensive dish on the menu was lackluster at best.  Most of the chop was inedible gristle, and the center meat was fairly bland for veal. It was a workout to cut through to the tender parts, and was not wow'd when I got there. Seemed a waste to leave so much of a $38 chop on the plate, but I just couldn't chew or cut through it.

Branzino is a cool little spot, and they do a lot of things right. I would go back for some pasta, but I don't think I would be ordering a meat course any time soon.
This place is plain average, but goes down to 2 stars due to the rudeness of its staff. We went with a group of 8 colleagues and as soon as we were all seated the waiter was asking us to choose which course of the prix-fixed menu we wanted. They never told us or advertised on their website they were doing prix-fixed and when we asked about choosing single items from the menu, he was very reluctant to let us do so. Also, when the check arrived he was inflexible on accepting more than 2 credit cards to pay (which is ridiculous given that there were 8 people in our party). I will certainly avoid returning to Branzino.
I recently hosted a rehearsal dinner at Branzino.  As the mother of the groom, (living in Colorado), I had to do most of the planning and coordinating through phone calls and emails.  I always got quick responses from the event staff, and Dori was a pleasure to work with.  When we booked the restaurant a year ago, we could only give a guesstimate on how many would attend.  As the event got closer, our numbers grew, and Branzino was great in giving us a bigger private space, which opened to the outside gardens.  When we arrived the evening of the event, the room looked amazing. They had thought of everything, down to icing our champagne to putting special menus at every place setting.  We had the $55.00 pp, fixed menu and there were great choices and all the food was delicious.  They had plenty of waiters working our room and were very attentive to us.  I could not be more pleased.  They made sure we were in and out of there in 2 1/2 hrs., which was our timeline, but they didn't rush us at all.  I would definitely recommend the venue for a special event or just a dinner for 2.  It is one of my son's favorite restaurants, and I can see why.  I'll definitely be dining there again the next time I'm in Philly visiting him and his new wife!
This is your basic Italian restaurant in center city. The food is all fairly good, with no particular standouts. The service is fine, at least in my experience, if on the slow side.  However, there's nothing to particularly recommend the restaurant to my friends. The decor is a little unsettling, the crowd is on the older (50+) side, and the food doesn't taste any different to me than at La Viola, which is in the same area and a bit cheaper. This is a fine option for a basic meal in the area, particularly if you can't get a table at another BYO, but I likely won't be going back unless someone else plans the trip.
We went to this place for my husband's birthday last weekend.  We walk by it all the time and we didn't know how nicely it opened up in the backroom because you really can't see the entire restaurant from the street.  What a hidden gem this place is!

The environment was cozy and quaint.  I loved how the crowd was mixed from like older folks to younger folks, business people and casual diners.  Definitely a versatile place that can be a spot for you to just catch up with some old friends or go out for a nice date night.  Very comfortable environment and friendly wait staff.

On to the food...  For appetizer we had Tuna Carpaccio and it was delicious.  The fish was fresh and it was nicely accompanied with some mixed greens.  The Branzino is great!  It will just blow you away...  The veal was okay, it was nothing special but it wasn't bad.  We also asked for a side of spaghetti marinara because we wanted some pasta.  Big mistake!  The side of pasta cost us $12... Felt like that was kind of overpriced for just a side of regular pasta with sauce.  Might as well of just ordered a full serving of pasta for an extra few bucks!

Overall, it was a good dining experience with above-average food.  And it is also BYOB, which is always a big plus!
We had my stepmother's 90th birthday there recently and I had to write this review because the food and service were truly OUTSTANDING.  We had 60 people in their semiprivate room for dinner and dessert and byob cocktail hour in their garden beforehand.  I have worked in hotel and private clubs as an Executive Chef for many years and I have never, ever enjoyed a function as much as I enjoyed this.  The servers set up our bars for us, let us use their glasses and served wine through dinner as well as serving the cake that we had brought (we had to have a cake as well as desert, it was mom's 90th!).  It was, in short, just FABULOUS!  All of the servers were outstanding, but Filepe (Phillipe?  Not certain of spelling) was the favorite of the evening.  The food was also outstanding, not at all like any banquet food I've ever had.

If you get a chance to have dinner here, take it.  If you're looking for a NICE place to have a function with byob liquor, please consider Branzinos.  WE LOVED IT!
I went there last week for an early dinner.  The place struck me as peculiar looking upon arrival - the tables and chairs look like a wedding banquet hall furnishing, and the murals and chandeliers make me think of suburban Italianate houses - but before too long I was immersed in my food, wine, and the good company of my dining partner.  The service that a lot of people seem to think of as "rushed" is, i think, just hyper-attentive.  The place was packed before too long and the atmosphere was close and boisterous, in a good way.  The fennel and radicchio salad seemed roughly cut and thus a little tough, but the dressing was perfectly balanced.  It was a chewy delight to eat.  The pasta with rabbit ragu was savory, not at all greasy.  I was pleasantly surprised by this place and would go back.  It was also surprisingly affordable for the quality of the food.
the food here was okay. I don't remember being exceptionally wowed but I do remember thinking the food was solid the dessert bleh. I'm picky about my desserts. If you can't finish off with a good dessert, what is the point?
I am adding this to my list of favorite Italian restaurants in Philly:

Excellent service.  

Great food: Homemade pasta.  Wonderful ragu. Great arugula salad.  Really good fish.

Charming romantic space.

Quiet - Carpeting on the floors and upholstered chairs make this space really quiet and a good restaurant to bring my dad who has challenges hearing in loud restaurants.  Then again we went on a Tues night when it was not crowded at all. Don't know how loud it is when it gets full.
This was my 2nd time visiting Branzino and was shocked at the difference in quality of food and service this time around

We had an 8pm reservation on a gorgeous Saturday night so chose to sit in the huge courtyard out back to enjoy the weather. We were promptly greeted by our waiter who filled up our water glasses and wine - which is about the best service we recieved all night (or more accurately, the only service we recieved all night). The waiter came back once more to take our order and we never saw him again.

Our appetizers were dropped off at the table, without our empty wine glasses being refilled from our bottle which was sitting about 5 feet away from us.  I dont recall the exact dishes we ordered, but I do remember the grilled squid was delicious and perfectly cooked. 

I got up from our table to grab our bottle of wine (since we were now out of water as well) and filled our glasses. Two waiters walked by me, not one offered to do this.

Our entrees came, and unfortunately, mine was pretty subpar. I ordered the Tagiatelle Nero (Squid Ink pasta with Shrimp, Sea scallops, and roasted peppers in a garlic marinara) I had one scallop in the entire dish and 2 shrimp....for $19. I found the taste of the red peppers to be overwhelming and took away from the flavor of the spicy marinara and squid ink pasta.  I would have mentioned this to a server, if they bothered to come around after our food was dropped off to ask if everything was ok. 

We had a double bottle of wine, which my husband and I had to get up from the table to get and refill ourselves the entire evening. 

I probably couldve looked passed the mediocre food that evening if the service had been anywhere near decent.
Wonderful it was perfect for our party of 11 who is seeking good food and a relaxed atmosphere were we could talk.  The food was good: the Bronzino was terrific, as were the salads.  The seafood special fell flat for 3 different folks in our party, and the salmon al crudo was strangely smoked not raw so got lower marks as well.  

A huge plus for the place as the BYOB aspect. I love that you can bring fine bottles of wine and not get charged the 100% restaurant up charge. Staff was great no corkage fee and they open the wine and poured it as if they sold them selves. A very enjoyable night and the staff and management were very kind and attentive.
I think I have tried out most of the Italian BYO's in the city and this is hands down the BEST!!!  The menu is not limited, like some of the italian BYOs in Philly.  It has your typical italian fare such as veal parmigiana but also has wonderful and unique entrees such as their branzino fish.  For an appetizer my boyfriend and I ALWAYSS order the caprese salad.  We get this every time we go out from every restaurant that has it and branzino's is in our top 5.  Their Cesar salad is also WONDERFUL and they make their own dressing, which is a rarity.  ALLLL their entrees are wonderful and really depends on what you are in the mood for!  Also always end with a cappuccino which is delicious.  With the nice weather still here I recommend eating outside :)  Wait staff is very attentive and friendly and he prices are affordable!!!
Had friends rave about this place and the menu looked exciting and different enough to warrant a trip, so with restaurant week coinciding with my birthday, we got a table. 

Showed up on time to a full house. Of course, the $35 three course menu. I had mussels, lamb shank, and she had artichoke app and mushroom risotto. Our waiter was so sweet and charming, but service was bad. Ill let it slide cuz full house.  Our apps took about 45-50 min. 

The mussels were good, tasty. Would have liked more garlic. Her app was sort of sad:  giant piece of bread, small spread of ricotta, canned red pepper, one grilled artichoke. I get a lb of mussels and she gets more bread and ONE artichoke?  Ok fine. 35 min later, entrees arrive. Lamb shank is decent, the demi glace is ok, no discernible goat cheese in the polenta. Her risiotto, again sad:  where were the effing mushrooms?  Maybe 4 slices?  Flavor profile  was all truffle oil. Dessert came after another patient wait. Hazelnut gelato was delicious but probably hagen-daas (i swear i had it before), tiramisu was average at best. 

Again, the waiter was great, he saw our frustration and got my girlfriend a glass of wine (we forgot to bring).  For that much money theres better spots. Dont believe the hype.
My favorite Italian BYOB in the city! I LOVE that they actually have space for people to sit, and I loved that we had a whole room to ourselves on a Tuesday night. They are awesome for large groups, especially in the summer where they have outdoor seating. The restaurant feels like an Old World mansion, which I love, and the food is really good as well. Love the eggplant spread for the bread, the artichoke app is amazing, also great mussels. The calamari though is waaaay to salty, to the point some people couldn't even eat it. All the fish dishes are great, but my favorite is definitely the Branzino, it is perfect. We also ordered a bunch of sides to split for the table, and the mushroom risotto and brussel sprouts were everyone's favorite, plus the potatoes were really good as well. SO....the dessert....we got everything (except gelatto) and I really liked everything, all of the custard desserts were my favorite, the mousse was a bit too bitter though.

Overall this is exactly what I would look for in a restaurant to have a good time in with a large (or small) group. 

Thanks for the great service!
First time we were here was for Restaurant Week and had an amazing meal in the Main dining room (second room). 
 We were coming back into Philly with the kids and made reservations, when we got there the first room was almost empty as the other room.  I had asked to be moved to the other room before we were seated and was told no room.  Not sure if the wanted the kids (9 &11) in the other room.  The first room seemed to be for walk ins.  Kind of felt like I was waiting in line at a club and was not  good enough to get into the other room. (what do they know:)

Anyways the food was great! Kids have great taste and appreciate good food so well worth the money for them! Servers can be a bid snooty.  

We actually stayed about 2 hours and had a wonderful meal. Desserts were ok.
Branzino filleted table side cannot be beat, they have an extremely helpful and knowledgable staff.  Food was phenomenal, from crudités, to light pastas to the dinners.  Perfectly done, well presented.  Overall my most pleasant Italian dinner yet!
I ate there last night for restaurant week as a party of 7. The only reservation I could get was for 9:30 PM. At 9:25 we checked in and were told that it would be a few more minutes. We dropped off a few bottles of wine and asked that the white be chilled. We returned at about 9:35 to check the status of the table and were told the table was still not ready. They asked us to wait in their cramped hall with no ETA on the table. At 9:55 I asked the hostess the status of the table and she could not give a straight answer - all she said was that she couldn't rush the other table and they couldn't say how long. We were finally seated a little after 10. Then we were made to wait for bread, water, and menus. When they brought the bottles of wine - the white and champagne were warm (we would have been better leaving them on the cold sidewalk). The meal was OK - and very welcomed as we were starving. When the bill arrived we were a little shocked to find that 20% gratuity had already been added -service was nowhere near deserving of that. Each person at the table put credit cards in to pay and the waiter came back and said they only took 2 credit cards per table. We told them that that information is not written anywhere and they argued that it was restaurant policy. The hostess came over to explain the same thing - however she said that they don't accept more than 2 cards per table because the credit card fees are so high. We went back and forth with her for a bit and then the manager came out - apparently he never heard the term 'the customer is always right." We asked him to split the bill into 'separate' tables so we could each pay on the card; he said he wouldn't do it that one person can charge on their card and get money from the rest or that we could go down to the ATM to get money. We asked him why he takes large reservations but doesn't tell customers the policy. He didn't waiver and we weren't going to either. He finally took the bill with all the cards-we assumed he gave up and was going to divide it. But No, rather he charged everything to my debit card - he said "You made the reservation, so I charged it to you - they can pay you." I refused to sign the slip - which didn't matter because it's a debit card and the money was already withdrawn. The manager threatened to call the cops - which I still don't understand because we PAID the bill through his fraudulent and deceiving manner. We argued and I took the bill and left the unauthorized slip on the table. He followed us out with a bunch of busboys-still not sure why. Almost to hold us there until the cops arrived - still not aware that he'd already stolen the $$$ from us. He continued to argue with us on the sidewalk but we got in cabs and left - before the police arrived. 

All I can say is that I've worked in the service industry and concessions can always be made - no matter how hard it is. I have dined in a plethora of Italian BYOs in the city, as well as many upscale restaurants, and have NEVER in my life been treated in such a way. Don't waste your TIME and MONEY on this place - we live in such a great city for restaurants - the mediocre food isn't worth the terrible treatment. I can say I will NEVER be back - even if they give the food for FREE!!
Awful... Overcooked pasta... Poor execution of dishes... My friends even said Olive Garden was better, I had to agree.
Visited with coworkers for lunch during Restaurant Week and thought the food offered for the price was a solid value, but the dishes are a bit uninspired. So-so bread and olive oil were served for the table.  I had a bowl of mussels for course 1, crisp pan seared branzino for course 2 and sour cream panna cotta as course 3.  Although the mussels were very small, they were plump and plentiful, and they were served in a tasty slightly creamy, white wine and pancetta broth.  The fish was crispy skinned, served over Israeli couscous and topped with a chopped tomato mixture that finished the dish with nice acidity. The panna cotta was disappointing because it way too dense in texture, not velvety and creamy as it should have been. I tried my friend's hazelnut gelato and wished I had gotten that instead.  The front dining room is small and elegant with high ceilings.   Great place to visit during RW, but nothing wowed me enough to return.
I had a great experience dining here for the first time on Friday night with my boyfriend and another couple. The service was impeccable and the food was delicious. I would definitely recommend the mussels and the gnocchi sorrento (homemade gnocchi in red sauce topped with fresh mozz). It's BYOB and accepts credit cards which seems to be a rare combination. I will definitely be going back.
Even one star is too good for this place.  Absolutely awful!! I ate there with my friends and our reservation was for 8:30.  We did not sit down until after 9:15.  Not only that it was cold and raining that night and they made us wait outside- saying there was no room for us to wait inside.  So for 45 minutes we waited.  We would have gone somewhere else but a Saturday night in Rittenhouse is not the easiest place to sit without a reservation.  
We were aware this is a BYO and brought our own.  They held our alcohol for us inside- however they did not tell us we were not allowed to bring our own mixers- simply pineapple juice.  They took that from us as well and when we asked for it back they would not return it until after the meal.  
Once we finally sat we had to wait again for service.  We finally got to order only to find they were out of almost everything we wanted to eat.  We were left with eating pasta dishes, and believe me that is the last place we would have gone if thats what we knew we were eating.  
Too make a long story short, our waiter was great,  He felt really bad about everything!  The owner and his wife are not so great.  They did nothing for us.  Not even comp a cup of coffee.  
If you are interested in eating here- FIND SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!
I saw some positive reviews for this place, but all I can say is that the people who love the food here are either friends of the owners, the owners themselves, or are people with no experience in eating 'fine dining' Italian. My shrimp and scallops were so over cooked they were actually chewy and difficult to eat. My friend ordered a walnut and apple salad with onion which was largely ALL onion, about 1 slice of apple and a single walnut (not kidding). My chocolate mouse dessert was frozen in the center - so clearly not made fresh. 

The service was horrible - we had to keep getting up and finding our wine bottle and pouring it ourselves, we had to ask for bread for the table initially (which took them 10 minutes to bring), we'd ask for water refills and they'd only do 1/2 of the table. The restaurant doesn't even seem finished - open gang boxes in the walls and ceilings with wires poking out, no sprinkler system (how it ever got approved to open is beyond me), tables set-up at the bottom of the main stair case leaving like 16 inches of room to up and down the steps, and the bathrooms - OMG. The 'closet' with the toilet in it (inside what they call the bathroom) has the door opening inward so you have to straddle the toilet to open the door and get out. There were jars of wood putty, tubes of caulk and cleaning supplies on the sink. And this was during restaurant week - you would think they'd have made more of an effort. 

They squeezed 8 of us around a 4 top (kid you not and we weren't a walk-in), the staff were rude and had the attitude they were doing us a favor, not the other way around. Bad, bad, bad.

Oh, and there were protestors about the owner out front which made it fun too!
Went here with my family on a recent Saturday night.  Made reservations on Opentable and we were seated as soon as we arrived.  I had no idea that Branzino was so big inside!! It is really nice inside.  

We got the restaurant week menu, which we were happily surprised to find out that, unlike most other restaurants who participate, it was not a limited menu - we were able to order whatever we wanted off of the whole menu!

Appetizers - we got the buffalo mozzarella and a few got the caesar salad.  I didn't have the salad, but my mom and her boyfriend were pleased with it.  I enjoyed the buffalo mozzarella - I've had better, but it was definitely good.  Oh, the bread and olive oil concoction that they give the table is delicious, too!!

Entrees (I don't remember the actual Italian names from the menu!): Squash Ravioli - VERY light, delicious, but a little on the small side; Bowtie pasta wtih Shrimp & Crabmeat - my mom got this, she loved it...I tasted it, the shrimp were amazing and the sauce was perfect, YUM!; Green & White Fettucine with Shrimp, Crabmeat, & Sundried tomatoes - I got this, the fettucine was super thin, light...not at all heavy like you would expect it to be - very good!; Gnocchi - my picky eater of a brother got the gnocchi, he liked it, but like the squash ravioli, it really wasn't a good size portion - he was still hungry!; Breaded Veal  - my mom's bf got this, he liked it, that's all he really said : )  

The tiramisu was OK, but the chocolate mousse cake was divine.  It was the perfect marriage of rich and light.  I am so not a dessert person, but this was delish!!

The only bad thing that I can say is that the bathroom was located in the front room - right next to a table of diners....it was really awkward and weird, and I hated it!  The hostess later explained that their bathrooms were under renovation and are actually located in a different (more private) spot!
Having a great experience for dinner involves many things: Food, Service, Company, Ambiance etc... 
Looking at the Branzino Yelp's ratings it is all over the place from five to one stars. After my dinner last week, I understand why. The main gripe that people have is about SERVICE. However service comes from the top (management) and I believe this is where the problem comes from for Branzino. Every time I went I was never greeted in or out by a member of the management. 
Last week, our food was good to very good: The Branzino and the pork were 5 stars, the appetizers 3 and the dessert 4. The service was not bad at all and I will give it 4 stars - 
Where the restaurant failed was at the end. We were 3 couples and gave 3 credit cards to be divided equally (if not it is very difficult to do if based on what was consumed by each guest). The server told us that he could take only 2 credit cards - not 3 (management problem). What kind of reasoning is that??? They happily take 1 CC for 2 people, 2 CC for 4 BUT for more people they accept only 2 CC (some other reviews have complained about that). There is nothing like bad service or nonsense rules like this to spoil an evening that otherwise would have been a pleasant one.
Had dinner at this wonderful BYOB this past weekend.  Was pleasantly surprised, since I had read mixed reviews, but the four of us defintely enjoyed our meals.  I like that you can order a pasta dish for an appetizer and the price is just $12 - we tried the squid died pasta with scallops/shrimp and it was delicious.  Someone had a salad, and the fig and prosciutto which they thoroughly devoured.  My husband ordered the stuffed pork chop and it was amazing - cooked to perfection - friends ordered pasta dishes, and since I was at
Branzino's, I had to go with this delicous fish filleted  perfectly tableside, which was recommended by our charming server with the lovely accent...Desserts were just okay, but all in all, a very enjoyable meal in a beautiful dining room.  We will visit again...
DO NOT EAT HERE!!! Food is mediocre at best and the manager (dark haired woman with an accent) who took our order was rude and literally asked us to leave at the end of the meal, saying there were people waiting for a table. Excuse me, but isn't it the restaurant's responsibility not to overbook? She rushed us through our menu selections, expressed disgust when we weren't ready to order, then told us no less than three times to hurry up and pay because people were waiting. And they were...outside in the freezing cold even though they had reservations. Even after telling her that she was being rude (in a professional manner) she didn't apologize and forced us out! The food was not good, calimari and crab were fishy, and we were cramped into a small space. Save your money and energy and go to any one of the many excellent Italian restaurants Philly has to offer. We will NEVER go back.
Some friend and I went the last night of restaurant week.  Food was very good.  I had the branzino, which was just OK.  Everyone else enjoyed their meals.

The kicker was that after we had paid our bill and left our waiter the tip, we were asked to leave as our time was up....our alloted time of 90 minutes, so our waiter told us!
I'd walked past this place many times and always wanted to try it, but didn't get around to it.  Finally during restaurant week, my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try as it was one of the only byo's on the list.  It was pretty good.

To start, their menu selection was extensive and had many options for carnivores and vegetarians alike, which is always nice.  I'm not a vegetarian, but I always appreciate having the option when I'm out to eat.  We started off with the beef carpacio and caprese type salad which were both decent.  I felt like it was slightly underseasoned or was missing something that I couldn't quite put my thumb on.  The portion was large for an app, which I will never complain about.  Then we moved on to the main course of Branzino and some kind of meat dish (can't remember) that my boyfriend got.  The fish was light and flaky with just enough sauce.  I really enjoyed it and did not feel like a whale after I was finished.  Finally, we finished with cheesecake and tiramisu.  The cheesecake was meh and the tiramisu was light and satisfying.  I liked it here and would be willing to go back, but am not in any rush.
Just had a late lunch here today, and it was a nice place for a pleasant lunch after a long meeting.  We came here based on a word-of-mouth recommendation, and it was  a good choice.

I had tortelloni with veal and chicken - I found the sauce to be a bit garlicky, but that's a question of taste.  My dining companions had salmon with some lovely roasted root veggies, and a salad.  I thought for the price, it was well worth it -- about $12/person for a nice sitdown lunch - that's almost what you'd pay somewhere like Panera or an upscale deli!

It's hard to say if I'd come back, but it's good to know of a good place in the neighborhood and I thought it was a good value.
overall our experience was alright. the server was very slow to service us. also english was not his primary language so it was difficult to understand him. and it did not help how noisy the room was to hear him or any other conversation.  we waited long periods of time to order and to receive each course of food. when we got our food the portions were extremely small for how pricy this restaurant is. first course despite being slow was alright. got to say that the octopus appetizer despite being small was delicious! after waiting a long time we got dinner which is were things really took a turn for the worse. they first brought out one of the diners meals.  then most of the other diners had to wait fifteen minutes afterward which made the first diner's food cold by the time most of us received ours and ate. two of the diners had steaks one veal and one beef. they first put the beef steak in front of the diner that ordered veal and then they moved it over to the right diner. then that diner who was supposed to to get the veal steak never got it.  we had to request several times to get the manager and owner over to resolve this issue. when she came over she admitted the problem and apologized but was begrudgingly about compensating us for our horrible service. she was willing to have the server pay for the steak he forgot to order. when we started to complain about her lackluster apology and the horrible service overall that is where she became belligerent. the server knew he screwed up and apologized to us and then provided three free desserts and coffees.
Living in the area, I've been to Branzino a few times in the past three years.  Though always hoping for more, each time I am disappointed in some way.  To me, one of Philadelphia's best qualities is its vibrant restaurant culture, most notably all of the great BYO's.  

With La Viola around the corner, Branzino tries to distinguish itself as an upscale Italian BYO.  Knowing this, one would assume the menu selections, quality of the food and service would all be on par with a higher tier restaurant.  However this restaurant is certainly not worth the ~$20-$28 a plate that they charge.  I had a plate of pappardelle with rabbit.  It meal was decent, however was a bit oily.   
 
There service left a lot to be desired.  I was with a group of five at a table outside.  Throughout the meal we had a random frenzy of waiters and servers at times climbing over us to set plates down, remove plates, fill water glasses.  Normally I wouldn't, however it definitely interrupted our meal and conversations; not something I'd expect at a nice restaurant.   To top it off, a waiter knocked over one of our bottle of wine which chilling next to us.  A few of us were even splashed with ice, water and wine.  The waitstaff barely apologized an did nothing to accommodate us for the bottle of wine that was now on the sidewalk.

For the quality of the food and the service alone I wouldn't go back, especially with so many other options in the neighborhood.  Then add in the higher price for Italian food; and aren't many redeeming, qualities if any, that would bring me back to Branzino.
Love this restaurant- Delicious food, superior service. Atmosphere is nice too. I am a vegetarian and my husband is a huge meat/fish eater and we love coming here because the menu caters to both of us. 

From my experiences,I recommend getting a salad before your meal- the arugula pear salad is amazing. Really enjoyed the mushroom ravioli and Mascarpone cheesecake as well.

One of my top BYOBs in the city.
Make sure you go on a quiet night because it's not a large space and can get pretty loud. Bring plenty of wine and go for a pasta or fish dish, for a safer option. It's good food (not sure if its worth the price) with "ok" size portions. Nothing blew me away but nonetheless, a nice meal.
Our group of 6 was anticipating a good meal in a comfortable setting. The setting is attractive but the food does not live up to expectations. This was the first time in memory that out of a group of 6 diners, not one of us enjoyed our meal. The appetizers were ok for the most part. We asked for bread 3 times and waited one hour and twenty minutes for it to arrive!! My signature  fish was mushy, very overcooked. One of our group ordered chicken and was served veal which he does not eat for ethical reasons. Our waiter was taken aback by this flub and offered to supply another selection, but by this time it was almost 10:30 pm and we had had enough of their culinary skills. Our friend's wife ordered a different veal dish and the meat was tough. The Osso Buco my husband had was just fair. Our waiter brought out coffee and a table full of desserts because he felt so badly, but  all we really wanted was a good dinner.
High quality Italian food being served up at this BYOB. My party of 7 made an opentable reservation for 8:00 on Thanksgiving Eve. We were seated promptly and got right to work on the menu.

I started with the grilled squid which was cooked perfectly. A delicious tomato vinaigrette added the perfect amount of acidity. I had a night of my buddy's endive salad also which had a nice combination of flavors and textures. Other plates at the table like the buffalo mozzarella looked very fresh and impressed my friends who tried a taste.

They had a 12oz ribeye special accompanied with broccoli rabe and polenta which I could not resist. I ordered it medium rare but it came out purple and possible still breathing. No big deal, just sent it back and it was perfect on round 2. Both the squid ink pasta and farfalle were to die for, I will definitely be back for these. I finished up with the cheesecake which was a letdown from the other courses but overall still tasty. 

We had great service, although at times I did feel slightly rushed despite it not being a busy night at all. The biggest problem was we were sat right next to the bathroom and I basically had to move my seat in anytime someone opened the door, a little awkward to say the least. They tacked on 20% since we were a group but I would have given that much anyway if not more. Well done Branzino!
Food was incredible.  Had the Ricotta and Lemon Raviolis.  Wow .  Branzino And Sicilian calamari (done perfect) I read the reviews that service was bad.   But that was not our experience.  They had an entire party in the garden area and service  was excellent.  Owner stopped by multiple times.
Went here for a restaurant week lunch and my friends and I were beyond impressed. We sat in the lovely outdoor area which was almost like a backyard garden feel with fresh herb plants and fruit tress surrounding you; much different than the usual tables on the sidewalk look you tend to see in center city.

I had the mussels, salmon and tiramisu (Pictured). All three were incredibly delicious and fresh. The caprese salad was also amazing with super fresh burrata that had the perfect amount of salt. It was so good in fact, that my friend order one to go. One of my other friends had the romaine salad and the chicken and sausage dish. They did not have the creamy Parmesan dressing ready for the romaine salad and when my friend didn't like the vinaigrette dressing as much the owner was super sweet and exchanged it for a caprese free of charge. She loved the chicken and sausage dish.

The owner was also the sweetest woman. She was outside serving everyone and making sure everyone was enjoying their meals. She even took photos of my friends and I after we finished eating.

I have definitely added Branzino to my list of favorite Philly restaurants and I have plans to go back twice more within a week (once with my bf and once to celebrate my sister's birthday). That's how good it was!

Usually restaurant week food isn't great, but this place really was amazing. I am excited to try the regular menu also and continue to explore all the great food they have to offer.
This restaurant is a community gem that is celebrated locally not only for the quality of the food and the way it is prepared but also the service and the local sources of their supply chain.  They use in season ingredients and source from local suppliers.  We should all be taking a lesson from Branzino.  

I saw an ungraceful review down the list and sometimes we can be disappointed in a visit however, RIGHT NOW THERE IS A PANDEMIC GOING ON and maybe now is the time for extra grace not a petty review to promote ourselves as "reviewers".  

When you can find a local Italian restaurant where the owners and staff can speak Italian it is a fair bet the food is authentic and excellent.  

Branzino is authentic and excellent.  Coming from an authentic Italian.
Yummy Italian food in center city with a roomy venue and garden in the back. They have a delicious crab ravioli that was stuffed full with crab meat. They are a BYOB so feel free to bring along your favorite wine.
Just a great Italian BYOB. The namesake is obviously prepared deliciously. Some other notable choices include the mussels with panchetta, the lentil salad, the veal, and the papardelle. However, it seems that it's hard to go wrong with the menu items. Service was good, although both times I've been there did not pretend to go out of it's way to impress.
Love this place! Dori (I think that's the spelling) is amazing. We walked in not knowing what to expect, she told us it was byob so we went to grab a bottle of wine. 

We returned and the waiter came right up to us telling us the specials and bringing us water. We ordered the venture salad and 2 small pasta dishes. I got the crab ravioli which was one of the best I've ever had. There were huge chunks of crab in it. The sauce was so light, lemony and fresh. It was a little spicy in some bites which wasn't expected but I powered through.

We saved room for desert and got the chocolate cake with hazelnut ice cream, delicious!  Dori came over multiple times asking what we thought of our meal and how we were enjoying ourselves. I felt so at home it was a great experience.

Side note, they have a great music playlist. It randomly played Christmas songs but felt so right because I felt like I was at home with my family. I can not wait to go back!
